BDSM Library - Bonding




Bonding
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Charlotte's two friends, Sally and Gallie half trick her to performing on the stage at a club spanking session. She finds herself being turned on by her 'punishments'. This takes a back seat when her firm sends a batch of its employees on a disastrous 'Bonding Week'. Trapped on the moors in bad weather she shelters in Bob's tent and bonds with him. Meanwhile, most of the group are caught out in the open in atrocious weather and not all survive. Back home, Sally and Gallie persuade Bob that Charlotte enjoys being spanked hard and if he is to keep her, he will have to ensure she knows who is master. Having been tricked again, Charlotte plots to avenge herself on Sally and Gallie and in turn tricks them into performing unwillingly in front of an audience.
Bonding

Synopsis

Charlotte's two friends, Sally and Gallie half trick her to performing on the
stage at a club spanking session. She finds herself being turned on by her
'punishments'. This takes a back seat when her firm sends a batch of its
employees on a disastrous 'Bonding Week'. Trapped on the moors in bad weather
she shelters in Bob's tent and bonds with him. Meanwhile, most of the group are
caught out in the open in atrocious weather and not all survive. Back home,
Sally and Gallie persuade Bob that Charlotte enjoys being spanked hard and if he
is to keep her, he will have to ensure she knows who is master. Having been
tricked again, Charlotte plots to avenge herself on Sally and Gallie and in turn
tricks them into performing unwillingly in front of an audience.



Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.



If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.

MF punishment



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.



Copyright Obohobo 2003




Bonding

by obohobo



Chapter 1. Charley's first act

"What am I going to do with you girl?"

"I don't know Sir."

"Cane her! Cane her! Cane her! Cane her! Cane her!" the audience chanted.
Charlotte could hardly believe she was doing this. If only Sally and Gallie
hadn't been so pushy. If only she hadn't accepted the free wine. If only she
hadn't needed the money. If only she hadn't an exhibitionist streak in her. If
only .... Her thoughts were quickly thrust into the background by the chants.
Now she stood on stage dressed as a schoolgirl in front of her 'headmaster'.

*****

Charlotte and her work colleagues Sally and Gallie had visited this club several
times. It gave them a sexual buzz to watch the erotic dancing and receive lewd
comments from the men enjoying an evening out. All three girls were more or less
bisexual. Sally and Gallie lived together and had a definite lesbian
relationship but were not averse to having a man inside them too. Charlotte,
preferred men but enjoyed making love to a woman, or two, as happened when she
stayed with her friends occasionally.

The private club catered mainly for male clients and featured a cabaret of strip
shows and sexual dancing. Usually on a Friday evening, the programme included a
sketch where a woman had her bottom bared and chastised. Gallie was introduced
to the club by a now ex boy friend who took her there as a guest and finding the
entrance fee was much reduced for women, she in turn introduced Sally. They
enjoyed seeing the girls naked bodies as much as the men. It was from one of the
lesbian dancers they met in a toilet and came home with them that they learned a
little of what went on behind the scenes at the club. Open public sex was
prohibited but many of the club members booked into a small hotel nearby and
would make arrangements for the girl performers to visit them. For a fee of
course.

It was not long before Gallie persuaded Charlotte to join and on her first visit
the sketch was of a young nun being punished by a priest as a penance for
writing "I love Jamie" in her prayer book. After a reprimand the priest ordered
her to kneel in prayer and while she was bent over, he lifted her dress and
pulled down her blue cotton knickers exposing her bottom and cunt. The 'nun'
kept repeating her "Hail Mary's" while the audience breathed excitedly as the
priest took a strap from the wall.

"The only man you are to love here Sister is Jesus. I will have to beat this
Jamie person out of your mind," the priest growled. Eight times the strap landed
loudly on the girl's backside. Each time it landed her prayers were interrupted
by a yell of pain. The colour of her bottom and her cries all seemed very real
and many of the men in the audience had hard bulges in their trousers and when
the curtain closed on the scene, there was a general exodus for the toilets.
Charlotte found herself very wet and needed to rush to the toilet too, to wipe
herself. Gallie and Sally smiled when she left their table and later, back in
the privacy of their flat questioned Charlotte.

"That spanking scene got you really horny didn't it Charley?" Gallie giggled as
she asked.

"You know it did," Charlotte responded. "I've never seen anyone take punishment
as hard as that. I've never been spanked in my life and didn't expect seeing it
done to another girl would make me dribbling wet."

"Never been spanked. Perhaps we should correct that deficiency in your education
now Charley," Sally chipped in. She too was grinning. Charlotte had decided to
stay the night with them rather than get a taxi home and all three were sitting
in or on the bed having a last glass of wine before turning in. At the club they
restricted their drinking mainly because of the high prices charged.

"That's a good idea," Gallie giggled, "Payment for sharing our bed is a dozen
smacks on that lovely bare arse of yours." Despite Charlotte's rather feeble
struggles the two soon had her pinned over the edge of the bed and Gallie began
spanking and laid six hard ones on each cheek. Towards the end they made
Charlotte cry out and she was relieved when the dozen was over and Gallie
started playing with her cunt.

"She's wet again," Gallie grinned.

"My turn now." Sally changed places with Gallie.

"No! I've had my dozen smacks." Charlotte wailed.

"It was a dozen from each of us. Didn't we make it clear dear?" Once again
Charlotte's bottom was treated to a hard spanking. This time every hit hurt
badly and she wriggled incessantly. Gallie had difficulty in holding her and
threatened further spanking with a slipper if she didn't hold still. Eventually
it was over and Sally plunged her mouth over Charlotte's cunt and thrust in her
tongue.

"Ummm! Nice and juicy," murmured Sally. "I think you really do get off on this
spanking lark.

Over the next two weeks Charlotte tried to analyze why she became so horny
watching girls getting their bottoms hurt and why she got so wet when the girls
had spanked her. They'd been back to the club twice more and each time after the
'whacking sketch' she'd had to go to the toilet and remove her uncomfortably wet
knickers. On the last occasion, the trio had met a group of young lads of a
similar age and had gone to their hotel for a mini orgy. The challenge was for
all three boys to screw all three girls. Charlotte got her full quota but the
other two boys had too much booze in them to make it a third time and all three
were still sleeping when the girls left next morning.

Unbeknown to Charlotte, Gallie spoke with the club manager and made an
arrangement for the following Friday. When they were seated, the waiter brought
them a large bottle of white wine, compliments of the house. Charlotte vaguely
noticed her glass always seemed full but didn't twig anything amiss and was
sitting feeling nicely happy when the manager came over. "Good evening ladies.
Enjoying the wine." The girls thanked him. "There was a reason for providing
it," he went on, "I've been let down with this evening's sketch. The girl who
was to take part has flu and I wondered if one of you would like to take her
place. It's only a little spanking sketch. Father catches daughter coming home
late smelling of booze, takes her over his knee and gives her bum a few strokes
with his slipper. Shouldn't hurt much and I'll provide free wine for the table
and ?100 for the girl who gets the slipper provided she plays her part well and
doesn't cry off half way through the scene. There's also the tips. You've seen
how the men throw coins on the stage after a performance I'm sure. What do you
say ladies?" All three shook their heads although Charlotte's was less strong
than the others. "The sketch is not due on for half an hour. I'll give you ten
minutes to discuss it and then if one of you decides to do it, you'll have
twenty minutes to get into costume and find out the scenario. It's mostly ad
lib."

Under pressure from her friends, especially from Gallie, Charlotte felt almost
compelled to do it. "You've had most of the free wine," they informed her. "You
could certainly use the extra hundred quid and we would get our wine free for
the rest of tonight. That would save us a good bit."

"And I won't be able to sit for the weekend."

"You know how horny you got when we spanked you. You know what happens when you
watch the sketches."

"Yeah. And you want everyone to watch me. I don't think so Gallie. Why don't one
of you two offer."

"We're not into that like you are. Just think of the extra thrill of having
others watching. All those lovely men looking at your bum. All of the staring at
your lovely cunt getting wet in front of their eyes. Just think of the hundred
quid. Remember how wet you got when we gave you a little spanking." So the
arguments for her to take part went on until she finally gave in.

In the end it was the alcohol haze, the pushing of her friends and the hundred
pounds that virtually forced her. Her car needed a repair so the money would
come in very useful. The boss made her sign a disclaimer form and showed her to
the dressing room which was not much more than a small store cupboard. One of
the dancers found a short, a slightly too small, tight mini dress which zipped
all the way down the back, a teenager jacket and a skimpy pair of panties. No
bra as the dress was too tight. Dressed, she was taken and introduced to John,
her 'father', a younger man than she expected. His dress consisted of pyjamas,
slippers and a thin robe.

"You will pretend to creep in but I will be waiting in the armchair and will
give you a bollockin for coming home late and drunk. You will tell me to fuck
off or whatever. Be as rebellious as you like, typical teenager style. That's
not long ago for you is it? I become annoyed and pull you over my lap and give
you a slippering. It will hurt but not as bad as it sounds. The sole of the
slipper is loose for most of its length so it will make a loud sound. We've also
powdered the sole with rouge to redden your arse more than the slipper would on
its own. It all makes it look good for the punters. Don't mention this to
anyone. Certainly not those friends of yours. Yell as loudly as you want. Plead
for mercy or whatever. Just try and get into the part and you'll do fine and
have a nice little cash payment at the end and perhaps some tips. You okay with
the script?"

"I suppose so. I don't really know how I let myself in for this." Charlotte had
started to shake with nerves.

John put his arms around her. "Don't worry about it. We have creams and stuff
here for afterwards and I can give you some comforting cream if you need it. In
fact I would be delighted to." Charlotte guessed how he would comfort her and
rightly guessed the cream would be of his own manufacture, but thought that
might be the best part of it.

"On stage now John and girl please!" The voice came through the door.

Unseen hands held Charlotte back in the wings while John seated himself. Slowly
the curtains drew back to applause from the audience. "Wait," the dancer holding
her whispered. Charlotte had almost leaped on the stage to get it over with.
"Remember it is late at night, you think your father is abed. You have to creep
in and not disturb him. Calm yourself." The dancer held her for a few more
minutes until she thought the audience had waited long enough for some action.
Letting go, she whispered, "Tip toe in."

On stage the light was quite dim, just enough for the audience to pick up her
form. Moving as silently as she could, once on centre stage Charlotte removed
her shoes and began walking across the floor. Suddenly all the lights went on.
John stood and grabbed her. "So," he yelled, "You were supposed to be in by
10:30. It is now 1:30 and you smell of booze. I warned you last time, didn't I?"

"Yes, Daddy. Sorry Daddy. I won't do it again. I'm tired and I want to go to bed
now."

"You can go to bed as soon as I have dealt with you. What did I say I would do
last time?"

"Nothing Daddy."

"Oh yes I did as you well remember girl. Now what was it?"

"You said you'd spank me Daddy. But I'm sure you won't really do that. I'm too
old for spankings now. I'm nearly sixteen." So the pair kept up a dialogue for
some minutes with threats and pleas until John grabbed her and pulled her over
his knee. However when he tried to pull up her skirt it was too tight. The dress
would have to come off. This was not in the script! He could have spanked her
over the skirt but the audience would have been disappointed. Acting outraged,
John sat his daughter up, removed her jacket and flung it to the floor.
Charlotte protested vehemently and for real remembering the dress hadn't been
suitable for wearing a bra. Her struggles delighted the onlookers. Eventually
John got the zipper down and peeled her dress away from the top, turning her so
the viewers could see her tits in all their naked glory. "So my slut of a
daughter doesn't even wear a bra to go out for the evening. I can guess what you
hoped your boyfriends would do once they fed you a few drinks." Charlotte was
blushing deeply and trying to get away but John kept a firm hold of her wrist as
the dress fell to the floor. Now all she wore was the tiny knickers and a pair
of socks.

"You still think you're too old for a spanking girl?" shouted John, "Perhaps
you're right. My hand may be too soft for a girl as old as you. Perhaps this big
old slipper of mine will be better." This of course brought renewed struggles
and pleas from Charlotte.

John was fit and strong, that she could tell. He wasn't going to let her escape.
Soon Charlotte found herself draped over his lap, her bottom facing the crowd.
As she wriggled, John leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Remember the cash.
You have to earn it. You're doing great so far." With one hand he held her body
still with the other he pulled the flimsy knickers off. Charlotte tried to kick
and then remembered the more she did that the more her cunt could be seen by the
audience so she stilled herself.

"Whap!" the first slap with the slipper seemed to resound in the club. "Christ
that hurt!" Charlotte yelled. It was no fake yell.

"You've got to remember it daughter dear. By the time I've finished with you,
you won't want to sit down for a week."

"Whap!" Although she couldn't see it her bum was colouring up nicely and again,
although she didn't believe it, John was pulling back a little at the last
moment so her arse didn't quite take the full force of the blows. It was
audience participation time and they were all shouting for "Harder! Harder!
Harder!". Amongst them Charley could hear Gallie's distinctive strident feminine
voice.

"Whap!" "Whap!" John didn't hold back on the fourth blow. Unfortunately
Charlotte's bum was rising at that time and the slipper connected unusually
hard.

"You bastard!" Charlotte yelled, "You bloody bastard!"

"That's no language for a young lady to use," John laughed now as the slipper
came down again, this time pulled back. "Whap!" "Whap!"

Somewhere in the back of her mind Charlotte heard the clink of coins being
thrown on stage but she was more concerned with the pain in her arse and worse,
the embarrassment of her becoming wet between her legs. John was still holding
her very firmly and could definitely see her juices were flowing.

"Whap!" "Whap!" "Whap!" "Whap!" "Stop please. Daddy stop. No more." But her
cries now were becoming less demanding. She could feel John's full erection
still hidden beneath his robe, against her stomach. Her loins rubbed against it.
Her clit rubbed against his leg. She was getting very aroused and wasn't able to
hide it. John could certainly see and feel what she was doing.

"Whap!" "Whap!" "Whap!" "She must be nearly there," he thought. He paused and
let her continue squirming on his legs and then brought the slipper down "WHAP!"
"WHAP!" "WHAP!!"

"Aaaaghhh!" Totally humiliated Charlotte climaxed on stage in front of room full
of people including her friends. More coins and notes landed on the stage.

The curtain closed and the dancer wrapped a robe around her. It opened again and
John stood and held her while they both bowed. And when the curtain closed John
led back her to his dressing room, praised her act and without further ceremony
laid her on a small cot. "You're ready for this now," he said, showing his full
erection. Charlotte, just opened her legs.

It hurt when his body pressed against hers but she was past caring. John pumped
his cock hard and Charlotte responded with fervour until finally they climaxed
and collapsed. It was then the pain really hit her and John suggested a shower.
While they showered together the dancer, who turned out to be the managers wife,
Juliet, came in and unconcernedly addressed the naked pair. "Floor takings
tonight came to ?156. That's ?52 each. You each get a third," she explained to
Charlotte, "And the club gets a third."

An hour later Charley carried a cushion to her friends table. Much to her
surprise she was clapped as she entered the room and several invited her to
their table but she declined. The pain was hitting her now the sexual buzz had
begun to wane and she just wanted to be quiet for a while until it subsided a
little. Gallie greeted her laughingly and said she put on a great performance
but Charlotte glowered at her. "You two owe me for your part in this. I could
hear you, Gallie, above all the others. Juliet told me. I know what happened and
how you planned it with the boss last time we were here. You are both going to
have to look after me for the weekend."

"Don't tell me you didn't enjoy it though, Charley, we all saw the way you came
on stage," Sally grinned. "It will be something you'll remember for the rest of
your life."




Chapter 2. Voluntarily caned

Now here she was again on stage at the club having 'volunteered' to do another
'whacking sketch.' This time it was to be the cane. It would definitely be more
painful but the pay was doubled. John was to wield it. He assured her he would
pull the strokes provided she kept still. She didn't really believe him but
still she could do with the money. The car repairs had cost more than
anticipated. "How many strokes will you give me," she asked.

"As many as I think you can take. Probably ten. It shouldn't be that much worse
than last time, Charley." Again she didn't believe him.

Here she was, dressed in a school uniform that was too small, her hair in a pony
tail tied with a ribbon and with tie awry, standing in front of her
'headmaster.' At her back an excited audience watched.

"What am I to do with you Jane?" the man in the mortar board and gown repeated.
Not waiting for an answer, he went on, "This is the third time in two weeks you
have been sent to me for misbehaviour. Rudeness this time. Calling Miss Harper
an old cow is not the sort of behaviour or the language we expect from pupils at
any school, certainly not this one. I guess it has to be expulsion this time.
Your parents won't be very pleased, will they?"

"No, Sir."

"I spanked you last time but that didn't do any good. Your behaviour hasn't
improved one little bit. If fact you are causing others to become troublesome
too. Yes, I think expulsion is the only answer unless....."

"Unless what Sir?"

"Unless I try caning you."

"Oh no Sir. Not the cane!"

"Yes, Miss. Expulsion or the cane and I warn you, to be fully effective it will
have to be on the bare bottom in front of the whole school. Which is it to be.
Expulsion or the cane?"

"Please Sir. Neither. I couldn't take a caning and expulsion would disgrace my
parents and be worse in the long run."

"Well, we'll just have to ask your school mates to decide for you." The
'headmaster' turned to the audience. "What shall I do with her?"

"Cane her! Cane her! Cane her! Cane her! Cane her!" The words were screamed out
and as the lights were panned around Charlotte saw Sally and Gallie yelling with
the rest. "It's fine for them," she thought to herself, "I get a sore arse and a
few quid. They get free wine for nothing except a bit of care afterwards and
they enjoy that anyway as it involves my cunt and bum."

Playing her role Charlotte turned to the crowd. "I thought you were my friends!
Don't we all go to this same school? You know how cruel this headmaster is. Tell
him to let me off. Tell him please."

Again the audience chanted "Cane her! Cane her! Cane her! Cane her! Cane her!"

"Let us get this over with Jane. Your schoolmates think you should be caned.
Look at  your girl friends over there." The lights panned to where Gallie and
Sally sat. "Do you think she deserves the cane girls?" John asked.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Gallie shouted, "She needs if good and hard,"

"And that's not the only thing she needs hard," chimed in Sally. The comment
brought laughter and more lewd comments from the audience.

"Your friends and school mates believe you need caning so I'm going to have to
do it. They are waiting to see it. I am going to have to make an example of you
so they will know to toe the line."

"No Sir, please don't Sir. The cane will hurt too much."

"Stop wasting our time Jane. Take that skirt off and drop your knickers."

"No Sir! It's not right that I should have to show myself to all these other
children." Before the show, as part of the scene, John had suggested Charlotte
be stroppy and refuse to co-operate with the headmaster. She wasn't told why.
Anyways it's not right a man should cane a girl. Nor should all those young
children see my ... my private bits."

"Are you refusing to remove your skirt?"

"Yes, Sir."

The headmaster walked to the front of the stage. "Ah Mr. Peters," he said
pointing to a well built man seated at a table close by, "And Mr. James," he
pointed to another powerful looking man, "Would you both like to come into my
office and assist?" Both men came up. Turning to Charlotte he went on. "You have
made it a little more difficult for yourself Jane so I've asked your P.E. and
History teachers to help." To the two men he said simply, "Hold her still."

Charlotte hadn't expected this much audience participation. "I'll do it," she
yelled but it was too late. Her arms had been grabbed. Peters, she knew it
wasn't his real name, grabbed a tit as well as an arm and this annoyed
Charlotte. She struggled to free herself  but in doing so the blouse tore and
everyone could see the big hand gripping her tit.

"Hold her still please," the headmaster repeated. For a few moments she tried to
kick but then was relatively quiet while he unbuttoned her skirt and let it fall
to the floor. Her arse still covered with a large pair of navy blue knickers
contrasting starkly against the white of her blouse and thighs. Placing his
hands on the elastic waist, the head pulled the knickers quickly down revealing
her white bum flesh. Although the redness and soreness from her previous
slippering had long gone, Juliet had covered her bottom with pale make-up.

"Bring and lay her over my desk," the head ordered the two men, "Stand the other
side and hold her chest flat down on the top." Charlotte again struggled but was
no match for the two powerful men, In only resulted in her blouse being further
torn. James joined his colleague in holding a tit and an arm.

"Let me go! You have no right to treat me like this. I'll tell the governors.
I'll tell..."

"Tell whoever you like Jane. It won't make any difference. In any case the
governors are sitting at the back waiting like the rest of us for you to behave
and take your punishment. I'm already adding extra because we've had to get Mr.
Peters and Mr. James in to help. If we have any more nonsense from you, you
won't sit for a month, not just a week!" For a while Charlotte ceased her
struggling and just muttered her favourite swear word, "Bastards."

From a nearby cupboard, the head removed a long, hook ended, school cane.
Swishing it through the air to make it sing a menacing song, Charlotte looked
up, frightened now her caning was getting near to a reality and it didn't sound
like a play tool at all.

"Well Jane, that's the lovely sound this little stick makes. Now let us hear
your song." John in the guise of a headmaster debated just how hard to hit. Her
arse had taken more of the slipper than he'd expected so he decided on a
moderately sharp one to begin with.

"Swish, CRACK!" The flexible rod caught Charlotte across both cheeks just above
the crease with her thighs. The lightly rouged cane left a lived red line broken
only in the centre where her cheeks went inward.

"YEEOW!! Christ. Not so hard. You're cutting me!" The two men barely held her to
the desk.

"You felt that one Jane. Perhaps next time you want to break our rules you'll
remember it and the ones that are going to follow. I am sure Miss Harper will
appreciate what I am doing.

"Swish, CRACK! Swish, CRACK!" Two more good strokes in quick succession brought
further howls and pleas to stop. Charlotte knew it was to be painful but not as
painful as this. "Swish, CRACK!" A fourth stripe appeared. So far they were all
parallel and close spaced. Tears flowed as the girl sobbed with the pain.

"Swish, CRACK! Swish, CRACK!" "That's the standard boy's school six of the best
Jane but I think you deserve more than that, don't you?"

"No! No! You'll damage me for life. I'll be scarred. Stop. I've had enough. Let
me go and change."

"Not yet Jane. We have to show the boys and girls out there your sort of
rudeness and bad behaviour will not be tolerated and there is a lot of your
bottom that is not yet striped."

"Swish, CRACK!" The terrible pain inflicting cane fell on her tormented arse six
more times before the head put the cane down. John noticed she wasn't as wet
this time. Probably the pain was greater than her arousal. However, he wasn't
finished with her yet. He turned to the audience.

"Boys and girls of this school. You have seen this naughty girl punished from a
distance. So that you may fully appreciate her sorry state and will know what
you are likely to get should you err, I will move my desk to the front of this
platform and for the next five minutes you may come and view her punishment at
close hand." Signalling to the two men at the table, they pushed it and
Charlotte to the front. A trickle of men came up followed soon after by a queue
of people, including Sally and Gallie.

"My God, she really had a thrashing this time Sal. She'll need more than a
weekend to get over this," Gallie remarked. "Guess we'll get the blame us for
getting her into it this time too. We only suggested it. If you put your face
close you can feel the heat." Charlotte couldn't reply. Her head was still flat
on the table, her body held down by the two men.

"I reckon it will take more than that headmaster's cock to put out the fire this
time," Sally replied but she wasn't laughing. Their friend would hurt for days.

As they came to the stage, coins and notes were again left. Charlotte would need
them to make up for her time off work.

Shortly after the curtain closed, reopened for her bow. John supported her
during the applause. Her own legs would not hold her up. Back in the dressing
room, John laid her face down over the edge of the bed and gladly releasing his
cock, entered her as gently as he could. They had agreed he could fuck her when
they returned although at the time neither had thought she would be as badly
punished as this. John knew now he had gone further than he anticipated but at
the time keyed up by the excitement and egged on by the crowd, he hadn't
realised.

"Sorry Charley but I need this and we agreed." Fortunately his cock wasn't long
in loosing its load. Juliet came in with the cash box but had yet to add it up.
Seeing the full horror of the badly scored bum she immediately did what she
could to relieve the pain but it was little enough.

John held her carefully under the shower for a long while and gradually
Charlotte's body began to respond again. "Never ask me to do that again," she
said. "It was far beyond anything I expected. Never in my life do I want to feel
the cane again." Juliet sprayed her arse and told her to rest on the bed for a
bit. At the same time she told John to keep his cock tucked in his pants. Ten
minutes later she brought the two girls in. "Boss has agreed she can keep the
club's part of the tips and John has forgone his too. Perhaps that will in part
make up for the pain. Boss will also have our driver take you and the girls home
in our mini-bus when you're ready. It was over an hour before Charlotte felt
like moving an inch.

Before they left the club manager who Juliet simply called Boss, came in thanked
and congratulated Charlotte on her performance and expressed his regrets that
she was hurting so badly. They all guessed he'd made a packet from her that
evening.

It was Wednesday of the following week before Charlotte could walk reasonably
well and her personality had returned sufficiently for her to do her work as a
receptionist. She explained her sore bottom as an ulcer which wouldn't heal
which caused a little merriment amongst her work mates.




Chapter 3. The bonding course

".......by sending you here for this week Grant and Grant expect that you will
get to know each other much better and to pull together as a coordinated team,
as a team striving to do their best for the company," Senior Manager Copely
ended his fifteen minute introductory speech to the thirteen employees sitting
in the lounge of a small hotel on Dartmoor.

"Crap!" The expletive exploded from Robert Eason. Robert worked in IT. It was
his responsibility to keep the computer systems running and updated.

"I do hope you are not going to continue with that belligerent attitude for the
whole week Eason. It won't further your position in the company if I have to
report you to the MD." Stan Copely looked at him sharply. He knew the IT geek
hated social events and never attended any of the firms functions. He had to
force him to attend this course and vaguely knew that the only reason he had
agreed was because the hotel was on Dartmoor which was an area Robert knew well.
Much of his spare time was spent walking the Tors.

"Crap!" Robert repeated. "We are all individuals. We have our own lives. The
company doesn't own us. I work for Grant and Grant because they pay me to do a
job and I do that job well. If everyone does their job well the work gets done.
All this week is doing, is to waste the company's money. Probably just to
further your ego."

Stan Copely's neck turned red and his hackles rose. "The company is generously
giving some of the money you have helped to earn, back to you by paying for this
week. In return they hope you will all bond together in a positive way. Not as
individuals each fighting for their own little niche."

Robert kept silent. He didn't really want to enter into an argument. Slumping in
his corner chair he prepared himself for an evening of boredom. Senior Manager
Copely continued his pompous and arrogant speech by outlining the evening's
activities. "Grant and Grant are paying for the drinks tonight so make the most
of the bar and then we are going to play some party games to get us in the mood
and to get to know each other."

Stan himself dragged Robert on to the floor for the first round of  musical
chairs. "So bloody childish," Robert muttered and quickly offered his seat to
Mary from accounts and returned to his corner. Next came the string game. Three
teams of four and a ball of string. Each team had to pass the string up the leg
of the first person and out the top of the shirt and on up the leg of the next
until all four members were tied. Stan didn't take part and nor did one of the
older women. Of course it was arranged boy girl, boy girl. Janet copped a feel
of his cock as she passed the ball up his legs. Robert blushed. He was very shy
with girls, except when he had to explain the workings of their PC to them.

So the games went on. Twister. Blind Man's bluff. Pass the parcel. All more
reminiscent of children's birthday parties. More and more as the evening
progressed and the alcohol took its effect, the games got increasingly sexual.
By ten thirty several couples had disappeared and Robert went to bed alone.
Tomorrow he knew would be more to his liking. They were to hike to a hut on the
moors. Spend a night there and do an orienteering course the following day,
returning to the same hut at night. Stan had it all planned, or so he said. That
worried Robert. In distance the hut wasn't all that far in actual miles, but
some places were steep and none of the others seemed to have any experience of
walking. He hated walking at a snail's pace but thought he could probably stride
ahead and wait for them at some point.

Stan arrived late at breakfast with Barbara Maitland at his side. After
swallowing a quick cup of coffee he announced, "In the hallway there is a small
rucsac with a packed lunch and emergency rations and a light waterproof for our
walk to High Tor hut. Leave mobile phones, make up and other unnecessary things
behind. Travel light. On this part of the bonding week you will experience a
little hardship and it will be up to you to help each other through these
hardships as part of the bonding process. The walk is not far but is more than
most of you will have done before. As I said it will be part of your team effort
to help each other through these little hardships. Accommodation at the hut is
primitive. Almost back to nature. No electricity, water from a well. We have
arranged for food to be at the hut for us but we will have to cook it ourselves.
Assemble outside at ten."

Robert stood alongside his big red rucsac, his walking boots on and ready to go.
Three others were outside too. Only Charlotte McReady, the receptionist looked
like she was equipped for walking. She had proper walking boots and a small
framed blue rucsac. The two men with her wore trainers and the little rucsac
supplied by the hotel. Charlotte came to him.

"It doesn't look as if it will be a fun walk Robert and the forecast is not
good. We should have been away two hours ago."

"You look as if you've walked before Charlotte."

"Mostly in the Dales. Never been to Dartmoor."

"Probably it's more wild and open here. And you're right about the weather.
Sunny and nice now but heavy rain is forecast for this afternoon. Don't suppose
Mr. Senior Manager took the time off from screwing Barbara to find out."

"I gather you two don't get on." Charlotte laughed.

"He's just an upstart yes man. Lick the boss's arse man. Perhaps he'll lose a
few pounds off his belly during this walk. If he ever appears." Little by little
the group assembled but it was 10.30 before they finally started off and not
before Robert and Stan had another little altercation.

"You were told to travel light, Eason. You look as it you've got the kitchen
sink in there. Go and empty it." Copely ordered.

"No way," roared Robert, "I am not quite as stupid as you think. This is my
hiking gear. I always walk with it and I'm taking it with me today. And you can
put that in your stinking report!"

"You are letting the team down, Eason. We are all going with just the basics.
You should do the same. Go and unload your stuff. You surely don't expect to
need that rope for a little trek across the hills. You think that Tor is the
Eiger?"

"Piss off!" With that Robert easily shouldered his rucsac and started along the
trail. Stan fumed with indignation. Slowly the others gathered their stuff and
followed. Charlotte was glad Stan ignored her rucsac. It was much smaller than
Robert's but still larger and more comfortable than her team mates. At first she
was in the middle of the crocodile as it made its way along the path but she
became weary of the slow stumbling pace and as they began the first quite gentle
climb she gradually found herself ahead of the others. Robert she could see on
the skyline, walking with an easy grace.

After an hour and a half and many stops with barely three miles walked the party
stopped for lunch. Charlotte saw Robert had stopped too at the top of the col
and forged ahead to catch up with him. "I once took a group of primary school
children on a nature walk. I think they did better than our workforce," laughed
Charlotte as she reached him.

"Yeah. I know what you mean Charlotte." Robert smiled back. "And it will get
worse," he added pointing to the clouds that had just began to appear on the top
of High Tor.

"Call me Charley. My friends do."

"Bob." Incongruously they shook hands.

"How long before the rain comes Bob?"

"An hour, maybe two. Can never be precise. Sometimes it seems to hang back,
others it drops down like a bomb. But when it comes it will get pretty bleak on
the tops. We've started out far too late for this jaunt and they are so slow,
even if the weather held, they would be lucky to get over top before dark.
Charley, I think they could get into real trouble."

"We all could if they hold us up. What should we do?"

He took out his map. "In another couple of miles when we're over this little col
we could follow the contours round instead of going over the top. That way we
would be in the lee of the mountain and have a certain amount of shelter.
Trouble is, that route is about three or four miles longer."

"You realise they only have the tourist information leaflet map, Bob?"

Bob looked at her. "Surely not. Even he wouldn't be that stupid surely. That's a
stylised thing. Okay for the waymarked paths like this in good visibility but
gives no idea of the ups and downs and makes the paths seem like roads. Useless
if the weather closes in." Bob paused and thought "Let's walk on, take a look at
the path and have lunch there until they catch up."

"Well you are a sly pair," Stan remarked as the gaggle finally arrived, "I
suppose we can all guess why you went ahead." He gave a knowing laugh and some
of the others sniggered.

Bob stood and faced him. For a moment some thought he might have hit Stan but
loud enough for all to hear Bob spoke.

"For once in your miserable life listen, and listen good. See those clouds?" He
pointed to the Tor. "They are the fore runners of some severe weather that is
coming. Heavy rain and wind. If you take these people over the high path they
will get the full brunt of it. I and Charlotte are going by a lower route. It's
maybe four miles longer but is not as steep or as exposed. Either route is going
to be too much for this group. I suggest you take them back to the hotel. If
that is too much like defeat then, like us, try the lower way. Even if you
choose our way, you won't make the hut tonight. At best you might make it to the
village of Cwm Magoch which is off to the left of the path in about six miles.
Going over the top at this time of day with the expected weather, is foolhardy."

"Who are you trying to frighten? The weather's fine. The path is clear and well
marked. I don't think any of this team will want to walk the extra miles. None
of this group is going to give up. Guess you knew that. You just want to be
alone with Miss McReady and we can guess why."

"Senior Manager Copely, I am publicly warning you, in front of all the others.
You are putting their lives at risk if you continue over the top. The forecast
is bad for later today. You have no conception of how bad. The group are moving
like snails and the pace will get worse as the steepness increases and the party
get tired. I say again you will be putting your party in grave danger if you
continue over the top of the Tor." Bob stopped his speech and looked at the
group. They seemed uncertain. "As I see it, you have two alternatives, take the
lower but longer way and be prepared for a night in the open if you can't get
down to the village, or go back to the hotel. The hotel is by far the best
option for you. The further you go on, the further it will be to go back. I
advise all those who are already finding the way somewhat difficult to go back
now. The rest of you will need to decide in the next half hour or so. Do make
your own minds up. Our manager may be good at work but out here he is totally
inexperienced."

"When I want your advice Eason I'll pull the chain," snapped Copely. "I cannot
see any of this group wanting to walk any extra miles. The sun is out, the path
is clear, so I cannot see why they would need to return. The hut is just over
that hill. You go and do your bonding with Charlotte. We'll wait for you at the
hut." Turning to his group Stan ordered them on and upwards. Slowly the party
ambled on.

Two girls remained. "I'm going back. I've blisters I can hardly walk on already.
God only knows what it will be like further on," Sally said to her friend.

"Sod him and his assessments. My feet are killing me too. Replied her friend
Gallie as they started back down the track. "Watch what you get up to with him
Charley," Gallie laughed as she waved them on.

"You're very wise Sally. I'm glad you're both are going back. You two are not
outdoor girls and you are definitely not equipped for walking the hills."
Charley laughed at them, "I can cope with the walk and with Robert if I have
to." Billy, a junior salesman, yelled to Stan he couldn't let the girls go back
alone and ran to join them. That left nine heading up the mountain.

"Call Daphne please Charley." Daphne was one of the last in the line having
hesitated in deciding whether or not to continue, and was coming abreast of
them. When she arrived Bob took a gadget from his rucsac pocket. "Put this in
your pocket Daphne. It's a beacon transmitter. If you get into trouble press
this button and it sends out a radio signal which can be picked up by rescue
teams. The batteries don't last too long so wait until daylight and then switch
on for five minutes and off for fifteen unless you hear the rescue team or the
chopper."

"You really think we could be in that much trouble?"

"It could happen."

"Come with us Robert, just in case. You're more experienced in mountains than
Stan."

"If I come with you, Stan will still not want to take any notice, if fact he
will go against anything and everything I say. Better for the rest of you to go
back but I know so many of you value your careers and he holds the key to them
or thinks he does. Charley is risking hers now."

"Yeah, I guess she is. Hope she thinks you're worth it!" Daphne smiled
knowingly. "I'd better catch them up. I hope you're wrong about the weather."
Daphne was a keen sportswoman and was fitter than many of the others. She was
actually wearing brogue shoes with thick soles. Not ideal but far better than
the trainers most wore. Charley and Bob watched them for a few minutes before
starting off on the lower trail. It was less well marked but by referring to the
map and taking compass bearings every so often, they followed it well enough.

An hour and a half later, the first spots of heavy rain hit them. They stopped
and pulled out their bright yellow rain gear. The sun disappeared behind a dark
black cloud and the wind rose. "Pity this didn't come an hour ago Bob. It might
have made them turn back. With the very slowest ones returning to the hotel,
they are probably over the top by now and will think they are nearly at the
hut."

"In a way you're right, but I doubt they will be at the top yet. It's very
deceptive. I know because I've done that route a number of times. What looked
like the top from where we stood, is only a bump. There are several more like
that and the top is several miles further than they think. This wind will be in
their faces and I guess the view is totally blotted out by the cloud now. When
the path ran under the shelter of an overhanging rock and Bob again delved into
his rucsac this time retrieving his hand GPS set. He showed Charley. Have you
seen one of these Global Position Sets? I haven't used this in bad weather yet
but it supposed give our position accurate to within 15 metres."

"Another one of your gadgets," Charley commented, "You IT geeks are all alike."
Bob looked up sharply but she was smiling at him and there was no insult in her
voice.

He consulted the map hanging around his neck wrapped in its polythene bag. "Well
it seems to agree with where we think we are on the map but we'll keep checking.
That cloud is coming down the mountain pretty fast." Fifteen minutes later it
enveloped them reducing the visibility to under one hundred metres. "You keep
checking our direction with your compass Charley and I'll try and see the path
and watch the direction on the GPS.




Chapter 4. Inside and outside

Sally, Gallie and Billie arrived at the hotel, soaked through, tired and very
relieved to see the neon lights of the hotel sign. For nearly half an hour they
had seen little except for the stony path. Fortunately this stretch was well
walked by hotel guests and showed quite clearly. Several times though, they
imagined they had walked miles passed the hotel but then came to a field gate
they recognised from the outward journey. From there it was still a mile to go.

Dripping they entered and took their top coats off in the porch. "I need a
shower," Sally sighed.

"You've been having one for the last hour," Billie quipped.

"A hot shower without clothes on stupid!"

"I'd like to see that!" Billie was in a buoyant mood now he was safe. "Surely
it's worth at least a peek after guiding you down that trail? We could do some
real bonding."

"I'd want you to do more than peek but the bonding could be fun." laughed Sally.

"Am I to be left out?" Gallie interrupted.

"Not necessary, Gallie. We've shared before. Let's all go in one shower together
and do some bonding that doesn't involve walking and that bossy pratt, Stan."
All three went to Sally's room and helped each other strip off in the bathroom.
Every garment was wet through. Billie's cock stood out proudly and provided a
convenient handle for Gallie to haul him into the shower. Sally immediately
joined them. Inside the small shower cubicle, the three pressed themselves close
and allowed the luxuriously warm spray flow over them. Each used their hands to
fondle any body part that became available. Afterwards only Sally's towel was
available and they all had to share to dry themselves. Sally claimed it first
but had to watch while Gallie knelt and took Billie's cock in her mouth.

"My turn," Sally exclaimed as she threw Gallie the towel and placed her lips
around the boy's cock. It was but a short time after, all three were in Sally's
bed with Billie thrusting hard into Gallie's cunt. She had won the 'pick the
hand' choice to have first fuck. Billie yelped as Sally slapped his arse
repeatedly to make him thrust harder into her friend. They were no strangers to
sexual threesomes and foursomes they shared a flat which had only one large
bedroom and had long ago agreed that if one brought a boy or girlfriend home,
the other could still use the room and the friend too if they didn't mind. For a
while they had two boys that were friends and didn't seem to mind which of the
two they were in bed with and each would try and outdo the other in the bizarre
things they would attempt. Both girls had all their holes well reamed at that
time and had started to get into being tied and helpless while their partners
played at raping them. Then there were the times when Charley shared their bed.
For now though, there was only one boy and they had to share. Still that was no
great hardship.

"This is much better than a grotty mountain hut with no electricity, no running
water and earth bogs, even if they get there," Sally murmured contentedly. The
other two wholeheartedly agreed. They were not wrong.

*****

"We must be near the top now," whined Barbara. "You said it wasn't far Stanley.
We've been going for miles and miles and now the sun has gone and its started to
rain." Others were moaning too. Stan tried to goad them on but he himself was
weary. It was far harder than he expected and could only just about put one foot
in front of the other. It was also far steeper and the rain was beginning to
make things very slippery.

"We should have listened to Robert. He seemed to know about mountains and is
equipped properly." Stan angrily spun round to see who made comment but in doing
so slipped and fell heavily on a boulder. It didn't help his temper. Panting and
trying to stand, he winced from the pain. His chest had hit the rock hard.
Severely overweight, the fall, as he later found out, cracked his ribs and made
breathing increasingly painful. Knowing he had to lead or lose his position as
top dog, he started walking. Tears filled his eyes as he took each painful step.
The cloud came down. Visibility reduced to a few metres. White out conditions.
Blindly he kept on but unknowingly strayed from the path and away from their
destination. An hour later everyone knew they were totally lost. They'd not seen
a way marker for some time. Everyone was soaked through and shivering from the
icy wind. It was early May but near the top of the Tor the wind ripped through
every item of wet clothing. Some had thoughtfully packed an extra sweater which
helped but none had clothing that kept out the rain for long. The waterproofs
they'd been issued with were not breathable and soon the insides were as wet as
out. Only Daphne wore shoes that had some grip in the muddy conditions, the
others were sliding and slipping at random.

"We're lost," Barbara wailed. "We're lost, wet and so cold we're likely to die
of hypothermia. And it's all your fault Stanley Copely. You should have listened
to Robert. You should have planned this better. We should have had guides. We
should...."

"Shut up Barb. Complaining isn't going to help," Stan wheezed. "We have to find
a way down." His words were drowned by others in the group complaining.

"I'm not moving." It was Peter from accounts that spoke. "In this visibility we
could walk over a cliff very easily."

"We need to get out of this wind though," Roger Banks chipped in. "Out here like
emperor penguins, we'll freeze to death. Let's move on very cautiously until we
see one of those large rocks we can shelter by. There were plenty on the way up
but I haven't seen one for a bit, but then we can't see much anyway." There were
a few who supported his view and so they moved on, slowly veering further and
further from their destination and closer to dangerous cliffs that formed the
sides to a quarry. It was nearly dark when a large boulder loomed up. By then
all were extremely tired. Two of the ladies were limping and several of the
group had abrasions and cuts from falls. Stan, ordered everyone to go into a
huddle to protect each other from the wind and share what little body warmth
they had. It was perhaps the first piece of good advice he'd given them all day.

"Anyone bring their mobile?" Peter asked. "You bring yours Stan?"

"No, I wanted to set an example."

"Surely one of you disobeyed the boss," Peter questioned. "I'm sure he won't
worry about that going on your assessments now. It could save us."

"I think Gallie had hers but that's no help," Barbara sobbed.

Peter went around the boulder and pissed. On his return, he suggested everyone
did that before it got really dark. "Make sure you keep where you can touch the
rock and don't stray away from it. I suggest we let the women go first as I am
sure they won't want to feel their way along a rock that is wet with piss
although in this weather it won't notice. You wouldn't even notice if you wet in
your pants." Barbara and Daphne went together. Barbara was crying loudly at the
mess they had got into. Janet and Mary followed separately. Jim and Dave went
and returned. Roger went and didn't return. Foolishly he wandered off, thinking
he saw a cave which would provide better shelter. I was an illusion that always
seemed just a little further on. No one heard his cries as he fell to his death
over the edge of the quarry.

"Roger's been gone a long while," Daphne remarked.

"Yes, I noticed," Peter said glumly. "He's young and foolish enough to have
wandered off. I'm going to walk round this lump of rock and if he's not there,
we'll look in the morning, we cannot do any searching now however much we want
to." He reached the far side of the boulder and yelled but his voice was thrown
back by the wind. With a heavy heart he completed the circuit and returned to
the group.

They all sat close together in the wet boggy grass under the lee of the rock.
The fact that it was wet didn't make much difference. They were soaked and it
was easier to sit than to stand. Stan's wheezing was getting worse but no one
seemed to care. Each had their own pains. Everyone felt colder than they
believed possible. The violent shivering stage had started and although they
clung tightly to each other, nothing would stop it. Through chattering teeth
Peter spoke. "We have to keep awake. Don't let anyone drift off to sleep. If
they do they may well not wake up. Every now and then squeeze whoever your
holding. Talk to them. Sing. Ask questions. Complain about management. Anything
to keep awake. They did.

Though out the seemingly endless night, they huddled, cried, talked, coughed but
stayed awake. Peter did a roll call every fifteen minutes and made sure each one
answered however feebly. About 4 a.m. the rain and wind eased slightly but it
was of little comfort to the sodden group. As dawn approached and the sky
lightened a little, a little hope returned but when they evaluated their
position, it was bleak to say the least. No one knew they had not arrived at the
hut unless Robert and Charley had made it there last night. They too may have
been caught in the mist and had to spend the night in the open or gone to the
village they mentioned. Even if they reached the hut, they would walk the route
they should have taken, to see if they had returned to the hotel. Only then
would the alarm be raised.

6 a.m. It was light but the mist clung to the mountain and visibility was less
than 100 metres. Stan was in severe pain. Two women could hardly talk, only
Peter could stand on his feet and stagger around the rock. Everyone was tired,
exhausted and extremely cold. Their faces and lips were blue and haggard. Peter
decided they had no option but to stay put for the time being. "Unless this lot
clears and we can see exactly where we are, we all stay here," he informed them.
"I don't think anyone is capable of going back to the hotel to raise the alarm.
For the time being he seemed to be in charge. It was then Daphne haltingly told
the others about the transmitter but her fingers were too cold to operate it.
She passed it to Peter.




Chapter 5. In a tent together

Slowly and carefully Bob and Charley made their was along the narrow path. The
diffused light of the mist made it very difficult to see the track in places but
by constantly checking compass direction and the GPS they knew within a little
where they were. 5:00 Charley noted her watch. "Bob, were not going to make the
hut tonight are we?"

"I doubt it. I've been thinking. If we carry on for another mile around the bend
in the valley we'll come to High Tor Crags where they do a lot of climbing. At
the foot of the crags is an open meadow where climbers often camp. I thought we
might pitch a tent there."

"You've a tent? What else do you have in that bag of yours?"

"Enough for tonight. We'll have to leave this path and do a scramble over some
rocks and up a steepish grass slope. In this weather I suggest we rope together
in case one of us slips. Normally I wouldn't bother but we could easily get
separated." It was the work of moments for him to link them together.

Charley quipped, "Is this a bonding or a bondage course?" Bob had begun to like
her dry sense of humour. The rope wasn't actually needed and they arrived at the
meadow without mishap. Even in the shelter of the crags, the eddying wind was
strong but Bob's experience soon had the tent pegged down and pumped up. Charley
loosened her boots, pulled her body inside and took her boots off and emptied
the water from them outside. The rain still pounded down but it was nice not to
feel it in her face and not to have the wind blowing her around.

Bob heaved her rucsac in and then his own. "Put them each side of the door. I'll
get some water but we won't be able to have a hot drink yet. Daren't light the
stove inside and the way this wind is blowing around the crags, it won't keep
alight outside. There's a sleeping bag in the bottom part of my bag. Charley
ferreted in her 'sac and found a LED torch. It gave a good light and the
batteries would last for a long while. She lay out the sleeping bag wondering if
he would offer it or perhaps share?

Some minutes later she thought, "Bob's been gone a long while. Perhaps he can't
find the tent again! It's very gloomy now and the mist is thick." Picking up the
torch and finding her emergency whistle, Charley pulled her wet coat back on.
Standing by the tent she shone the torch through 360 degrees and blew short
blasts on the whistle at about ten second intervals. She was rewarded by a shout
after the second blast.

"Thanks Charley. Never thought it would be so damned easy to get lost in such a
short distance." He settled in and they discussed the situation. "We can only
hope they decided to return when we weren't looking Charley. If they're out in
this they're in real trouble. Did you bring any food?"

"Still have some of my packed lunch and luckily its still fairly dry. Some
chocolate bars and Kendal mint cake And whatever's in the so called emergency
rations."

"I've my emergency pack of dried food but I'll leave that until we're really
stuck. Only the cake left from my packed lunch, a couple of Mars bars and three
nut bars. The emergency rations are a couple of nut bars. Not a banquet but we
won't starve." They pooled they meal, put some aside for breakfast and sat and
continued discussing the situation as it may have affected the others. "I'm
going to phone the hotel to see if they returned and to let them know where we
are," Bob announced.

"Naughty, naughty. Mr. Senior Manager ordered us to leave our mobiles behind.
I'm sure that will go on your assessment. And mine," she added as she took hers
out.

"I just hope he disobeyed his own rule and took his." Bob laughed at her. "It's
damned foolish to go out in the hills these days without one. He tried the hotel
but there was no signal. Hers was the same. "We'll need to get clear of these
crags before we can find out anything. That'll have to wait till morning now.
We'll have an early night and get away as soon as we can. That may depend on the
mist lifting."

"Do I get to share your sleeping bag, Sir?"

"You have it Charley. We won't fit in with our clothes on." Bob blushed at the
thought of what he had said.

Charley laughed, "That's what I thought. I'm not going to take if from you so
we'll have to share. You strip off and get in and I'll crawl in afterwards."
Seeing he was somewhat embarrassed by the suggestion, she added. "You can keep
your underpants on."

Bob shivered as the cold air in the tent hit his flesh and scurried between the
folds of the bag. Charley quickly stripped off to her knickers, snuggled up
close and zipped the bag up. He felt her tits press into his chest. His cock
started to harden despite his wishes. Her thighs rubbed against his. "You
haven't had a women before have you Bob?" she whispered.

"No," he whispered back.

"It's okay. Nothing to worry about. I guess you're about 26 now so it is time
for you to lose that virginity. It doesn't hurt a man and I want to pay for my
board and lodging for tonight." Charley giggled. By now Bob's cock had stiffened
further. Charley felt it and gently massaged the stout shaft then eased his
pants down and made him kick them off. "Push my knickers down and feel me too
Bob. We'll take it easy and get used to each other. It's going to be a long
night so we've plenty of time." Confined inside a tight sleeping bag in a small
tent there wasn't much room but Charley managed to ease the virgin cock inside
her and get her partner to start humping. He knew what to do from videos on the
Internet and at home he wanked himself several times a day but shyness had
prevented him asking out any of the girls he came into contact with. At work he
was always polite and helpful but never tried anything even slightly risque. Any
conversations always concerned the working of their PC's. None of the girls
thought to ask him out either. They assumed it wouldn't be fun.

"Is it alright if I....?" Bob started.

"Yes. I'm on the pill so give it to me." Charley was beginning to really enjoy
the feel of his cock inside her. She hadn't seen it yet but she could feel it
was larger than most of her past boy friends. Larger than John's. Involuntarily
she shivered at the remembrance of that night only two months ago. Soon he shot
his load and they lay quiet for a time, his cock still resting inside her.
Charley kissed him fully on the mouth and giggling whispered, "How does it feel
not to be a virgin now?"

"Great Charlotte. I didn't think it would be so different from my hand."

"It was great for me too, Robert." It seemed strange and yet right to use formal
names at this time. "I want you to leave it in and do it again when it gets hard
enough." She squeezed her cunt to try and prevent losing his cock and slowly she
felt it harden again. Bob had less hesitation the second time and fucked with
enthusiasm and took longer before depositing his load inside her. This time too,
she climaxed noisily. Both lay awake holding each other for some time, thinking
but not talking. Bob worried over the others but was pleased that he at last had
a real naked girl in his arms. Charley too worried over the state of the others
but her thoughts were more on the strange dichotomy of her life. The clubbing
side where she volunteered to be caned and the outdoor life walking the hills.
She'd resolved not to go back to the club even though her bum had fully
recovered because she knew once she was inside the door she might be tempted to
act a scene. However her resolve had been abandoned after only three weeks.
Sally persuaded her to go with them again but so far Charley had resisted all
attempts to get her to perform.

4:15 a.m. Charley moved as she tried to read the figures on her watch. "What
time is it?" Bob asked.

"Four-fifteen. Can't hear the rain much now and the wind seems to have eased."

"Hope the fog has lifted. It should be light about six. I think we ought to be
away as soon after light as we can, Charley. I have a gut feeling they won't
have reached the hut last night either and if they spent the night in the open,
they'll need urgent help."

"Yeah, nothing we can do for now, but there is something else that needs urgent
attention first." Reaching down she gripped his piss-hard cock. "There's nothing
we can do for the next hour except..." Bob didn't need any further invitation
and for the third time that night, for the third time in his life, he slipped
his cock inside the woman's cunt.

A little after five, Charley unzipped the sleeping bag, wrapped her coat around
her and slipped outside. Bob switched on the inside torch. Outside he heard the
tinkle of her piss. Soon she was back inside complaining it was cold out. Bob
glimpsed her naked body as he struggled out of the bag to let her in and in turn
he went to pee.

"I'm getting dressed," he said when he returned. "I think I can get the stove
going outside now and we'll have a hot drink and some breakfast then break camp
as soon as it is light enough. Okay with you?" Charley nodded. She would have
preferred staying in the sleeping bag rather than having to pull on damp clothes
but like Bob she was very concerned over the others. Like him she tried to hide
the worry. Each had a mug of black coffee, a nut bar and some chocolate.

"What's the plan Bob? Continue to the hut?"

"Yes. Well get back to our path and when we get up to the shoulder, I'll try the
phone again and the beacon. If Daphne set the beacon going we will know they are
in trouble and we'll have some idea of the direction. Even if the beacon is on
we'll pass close to the hut so best look in to see if any of the group made it.
Then play it by ear."




Chapter 6. Rescue

It was barely light when they broke camp. Mist clung to the ground but the
visibility was over 100 metres and both guessed it would improve when it became
lighter. Bob phoned the hotel as soon as they reached the shoulder. "Only three
arrived back here Sir," the receptionist replied. "Should I inform Mountain
Rescue?"

"Ask them to stand by. They might have reached the hut and be safe. We'll be
there in half an hour or so." Bob held the small aerial and slowly swept it in
an arc. "No emergency beacon, Charley but we'll need to listen for another
fifteen minutes in case it is an off period." They walked on. Bob with his
earpiece in listening and sweeping with his hand. Suddenly he stopped. "There's
a signal. It's weak though." he shouted. He pointed the GPS in the direction of
the strongest signal and took a bearing. "Time to call out the cavalry."

"Hi Bob. This is Tony Davey. We met over in Gidleigh a year or so ago. Remember?
You have a problem?" Bob explained the situation, gave his position and the line
of the beacon. "Either the battery on the transmitter is low or they are further
from where they should be than I expected. I would guess they are the other side
of High Tor which puts them dangerously near the quarries. We will check the hut
first and then Charley and I will head over that way. Can you get the search
chopper out?"

"We have problems too. Bob. The chopper's over the Irish Sea doing a rescue but
we'll head for the track to the quarry. May take us an hour from here. The boys
are arriving now. Keep in touch on..." He gave the emergency number and Bob gave
them theirs.

As expected the hut hadn't been used. The supplies in boxes marked Grant and
Grant party were unopened.

"Hi Tony. Hut's not been used. The beacon angle from here gives an intersect
with the previous one that puts them just above the quarry. How you a doing?"

"Not good. Track to quarry was washed away with the rain. Heading to Creapor
Farm and will head in from that direction. We picked up the beacon too and it
confirms you're probably right in it's position. Means a longer walk for us.
Chopper's still out at sea."

Visibility was now a quarter of a mile but the air was still damp and misty and
with the breeze again picking up again, it was becoming clearer by the minute. A
hour later they rounded the side of High Tor and the signal came in clear.
"We're getting close Charley. The fact that someone is operating the beacon
means that one of them at least is alive. It's pretty steep and slippery down
this bit so we'll have to be extra careful. I'm roping us up and we'll ease each
other down the worst bits." It was indeed a slippery slope and several times the
rope was needed to check them down. It was eight forty-five before they spotted
the group. They sat unmoving, huddled together. Bob shouted. Someone raised an
arm. No one stood. "Not a good sign," Bob thought, "But at least some are
alive."

"We've found them Tony. Eight here. One is missing. They all need medical
assistance. Hypothermia and various injuries. Only one able to stand and he can
hardly walk. How far away are you?"

"Less than a mile. Don't move them until we arrive. Any news on the missing
one?"

"Not yet. Peter is trying to talk with Charley. Hang on she's coming over now."
He passed the phone.

"Hi Tony, this is Charley."

"Hi. Didn't realise Charley was a woman. What the news. They are all sheltering
under a big boulder. Apparently they each went to pee before settling down. In
the fog they were told to keep one hand on the rock so they wouldn't wander off.
Roger never came back. It's only a hundred yards from the edge so perhaps.....?"

"Yeah Charley. I get the picture. Tell Bob, the back-up team is arriving and
I'll get some to check the quarry. Just heard the choppers back in base. It's
got to refuel and then it will be with you. Keep the beacon on."

An hour later the last of the group had been airlifted to hospital and Roger's
battered body was being recovered from the quarry. "You coming down with us?"
Tony asked.

Bob looked at Charley. "I think I would like to stay up here rather than face
all the inevitable questioning. The forecast is pretty good for today so perhaps
the air will clear some of the horror of this away," Charley replied slowly.
"We'll spend the night in the hut and return to the hotel tomorrow. If that's
okay with you Bob?" Bob knew she was very upset over Roger's death although she
didn't know him well. She would need some comforting later when the adrenaline
induced excitement of the rescue faded. He thought he knew the sort of
comforting she wanted or needed.

Early May wasn't a popular time for walkers on Dartmoor, especially as the
weather had been intermittently bad since the middle of April. Bob and Charley
had the hut to themselves. They'd done a ten mile hike but finished early in the
afternoon and returned to the hut, made themselves a proper meal, dried their
clothes and tent. Darkness came but the hut was warm with the wood stove burning
nicely and the Tilley lamp hissing and bathing everything with it yellow-white
light. Bob seemed quiet.

"You worrying about what you should have done to prevent yesterday?" Charley
asked.

"Some but I've been wanting to say sorry to you. Sorry for taking advantage of
you last night. I shouldn't have done it when you were vulnerable and couldn't
refuse."

Charley laughed out loud. "Silly man. I took advantage of you. And I'm going to
do so again now. Come here. I'm going to undress you where I can see you. I only
caught glimpses last night now I want to see as well as feel you. And I want you
to see and feel me too. That's why I wanted to stay here the night. Away from
the hotel. Away from the other two and the worry of phone calls. Sally and
Gallie might be my friends but they will rib me unmercifully about being with
you all night. That can wait till tomorrow. Our mobiles are off. No one is
likely to come this way now. It's warm and cozy and I'm going to undress you."
As good as her word, shortly after Bob was naked in front of her. She pulled his
cock to her mouth and sucked it hard for a few minutes. "Your turn. Undress me."

With shaking hands, Bob performed his task and unasked kissed her breasts.
Charley pulled his head to her and demanded he suckle them. Her nipples became
hard and erect. Slowly she pushed his head lower. Bob knew what she wanted. He
seen it in the videos. Her clit throbbed as he sucked and nipped it. "Fuck me
Bob. Fuck me now!" Charley cried. He did. Throughout the evening they fucked
like rabbits. To Bob it seemed he had to make up for all the wasted years of
making do with his hand. He wanted to try all those things he'd only seen in
pictures. His tongue found its way inside her. Her mouth sucked his cock She
took it into her from the front and back until exhausted they lay down and slept
until morning and nature called them to the outhouse where they sat alongside
each other while their bodies rid themselves of their waste matter. "Let's go
back to bed and do it one more time before we have to head back to reality,"
Charley suggested.




Chapter 7. Home

Reality it certainly was. Arriving back early afternoon they were greeted by
reporters, police and a TV crew. It seemed they were sort of heroes and had to
endure endless questions and give radio and TV interviews. Finally it calmed
down and by evening dinner there were just the five around the table. The eight
brought off the mountain were being kept in hospital for another night at least
but it seemed they would all recover physically. Janet had a toe removed through
frost bite and all her toes were in a bad way. She had poor circulation problems
before she set out and they didn't yet know if she would walk properly again.
Stan had lung difficulties as well as the cracked ribs and chest bruising caused
by the fall. Twice he had been on a respirator when one lung collapsed and the
other only performed painfully. This was not helped by questions from the police
concerning his part in the death of Roger and the ordeal the others had
suffered.

Conversation over dinner was confined at first to the events of the previous
day, and what would happen when they returned to work. Speculation on what the
inquest would find. Suddenly Gallie chirped up, "Enough of this misery stuff,
what we really want to know is how you pair of love birds made out in the tent
and in the hut last night. Knowing you Charlotte, I guess you soon had him
inside your panties."

"So what if I did?" Charley laughed. "We had to keep warm and we only had one
sleeping bag. And the nights are long when there is no light except for a torch
and you need to conserve the batteries."

"And you needed to recharge yours," laughed Sally noticing Bob was blushing
furiously.

"Was she naughty? Did you smack her bum?" Gallie teased.

"And I suppose you needed some male comfort too? Was it a threesome last night?"
Charlotte hit back.

"We needed someone to tend our blistered feet!"

"And I suppose the attention went much higher. Or were their rub burns in your
crotches?"

"Did you get him to give you a good spanking Charlotte?" Sally persisted.
Turning to Bob she asked, "Did you know she likes her arse warmed, Robert?" He
shook his head in bewilderment at the conversation. Billie too seemed
embarrassed. Sally continued, "When we all first started at Grants, we used to
go clubbing together and a year or so ago ended in a bondage place. We were
offered free drinks one evening if one of us would act as a naughty schoolgirl
and have her bottom smacked. She did it. When we went back another night she
took the cane and then went backstage with the man and earned enough for a few
more nights out. I am sure there were other times we didn't hear about. Isn't
that right Charley?"

"Well sorta something like. But no he didn't spank me. Walking on the moors is
difficult anyway and almost impossible with a sore arse. There was also the
worry over the group so most of our thoughts were on where they were and if they
made it to the hut and their chances of survival in the open." Charley replied
with a frown but then grinned and added, "I got tied to him for a bit but that
was for safety reasons. Now change the topic, You're embarrassing Bob."

Later when Bob and Charley were snuggled in the bed in her room, the phone rang.
Bob being nearest automatically answered it. "Guessed where you would be
sleeping - or not sleeping," Gallie laughed, "You warmed her bum yet, Bob?"

"Gallie. Get your rocks off with Billie. Leave us alone. You may still not have
realised but we've been through a helluva traumatic few days. We saw what the
rest of the group looked like when we found them. It was pretty horrible to say
the least. We saw Roger's mangled body as they lifted it from the quarry. All
this while you three were playing in bed. Now do us a favour and let us be.
Charley needs comfort, not spanking at this moment. Okay Gallie?"

"Sorry Bob. We didn't think. Sorry." Gallie's voice was quiet. Charley listening
alongside him thought how her opinion of him had changed over the last few days.
When he came to sort her PC he was quiet, efficient, always trying to do the
best for her but never putting himself forward. He was a background person. On
the mountain and now with Gallie, he was authoritative. In charge. He was the
only one to stand up to Stan. He made his decision on where to go and had
publicly rebuked his boss. "Perhaps he will control me a bit too," she thought
as they again snuggled down and gently played with each other before falling to
sleep.

Next day most of the group were released from hospital but it would be some days
at least before they were fully fit. Only Janet and Stan were kept in. Janet
couldn't walk and would be in a wheelchair for some time if not permanently.
Stan's lung problems had turned to pneumonia which the doctors were trying to
control but he still wheezed badly. Natalie Grant, daughter of the CEO of Grant
and Grant arrived seemingly more concerned on damage limitation and reducing any
liability to the firm. Young, pretty and very pleasant, she may have had some
success, with the men at least, had not the horror of the night on the mountain
still been uppermost in their minds. Best she could offer was counseling. Few
really heard or took in what she was saying.

That night Bob asked Charley if she wanted to tell him about being spanked and
caned. "I will Bob, but now is not a good time. There is too many unpleasant
painful things on my mind at the moment," she answered and Bob left it at that.

Friday, the following day and the official end of their bonding course, saw a
sombre group boarding the coach to take them back to their base in Suffolk. All
six released from hospital looked haggard and most walked badly. Billie, Bob and
Charley helped wherever they could but the long journey only allowed those who
suffered to brood and dwell on the ordeal. Many bemoaned the fact they hadn't
heeded Robert's advice. That was easy with hindsight. At the time they were more
concerned with their positions at Grant and Grant.

On their arrival in Ipswich the coach was met by an Anglia TV crew and reporters
from the local paper and radio station. After a tearful reunion with his wife,
Peter openly spoke out about the leadership of the course but Robert when
questioned only gave the merest details of his part in the rescue. All quickly
tried to disperse to their homes.

Bob phoned Charley on Saturday to see how she was and on Sunday went into work
to fix a network problem that had arisen during his absence. At work next day he
was surprised at Charley's reluctance to speak to him apart from the statutory
"Good Morning". For the remainder of the week, it was the same. Polite general
conversation, even during interviews with upper management on the course and the
inquest that was scheduled for the following Tuesday week in Exeter. Bob phoned
her at the weekend but only received a polite reply and a refusal to go out for
a pub lunch with him.

Gallie noticed Charley's stand offishness with Bob too. He'd been in to fix a
minor problem with her PC and he'd remarked on how little he seen Charley since
their return. "It is a though the relationship we had on Dartmoor never
existed," he complained to her.

"You know why don't you?" she replied. Bob shook his head. "There you were
master and in control. Here you are only the boot boy who comes when ordered to
fix our computers. She respected you there. Here you're just Mr. Nice Guy. Snap
our fingers and you're there to help. I told you she likes men who are MEN. Men
who will make sure she behaves and if she doesn't will warm her arse good and
hard. Think on it Bob. We all like you. She does too, I'm sure. I think she's
testing your resolve." She went on to tell him in a much exaggerated way,
Charley's episodes at the club and grossly over stated just how much Charley
wanted and needed to feel the pain of punishment and how sexually excited she
became after being slippered and caned.

That night and for much of the week, Bob did think long and hard about his
relationship with Charley. He knew he didn't want to lose her.

Friday morning, Charley fired her computer up at reception. A pop-up menu
appeared which filled the screen.

You've treated me badly Charley.

For that you must be punished.

Be at my house at 6 p.m.

Bring what you need for a weekend stay.

Wear a loose skirt.

This is an order, not a request.

RSVP Bob

The pop-up disappeared after a few minutes but kept reappearing every hour or so
and every time she tried to access a new file. "Sod, the man. Sod him. I'm going
clubbing with the girls tonight. Need to take my mind off the inquest that's on
Tuesday." By mid afternoon the pop-up had become so annoying she called the IT
department and asked for Bob's assistant. "Will you please tell Robert to turn
that bloody thing off my screen. Please," she added.

"What's the problem?" he asked.

"Robert knows."

An hour went by. The pop-up's still came up and Charley was fast becoming
infuriated. Sally came into reception just as she swore at the screen for the
umpteenth time. Seeing what was written, she laughed at Charley. "Email him
saying you'll attend. You don't have to come with us tonight and I'm sure you'll
have fun with Bob and get a warm reception by the look of things." Sally laughed
and then turned serious. "You like Bob a lot. We all know that. Get your arse
over to him and take what he gives you for being a bitch these last couple of
weeks." Charley hesitated. "Email him while I watch," Sally goaded.

"Will do as you order Sir." The pop-up's ceased.

"Have a nice weekend," Sally smiled, "Don't do anything I wouldn't do."

Work finished at 4:30 on Fridays. Charley had only an hour and a half to go to
her home at Bucklesham on the eastern edge of Ipswich, change and pack and then
get back across town in the rush hour to Flowton, a village six miles to the
west.

Her mind had been in a turmoil since she accepted his order. Indeed it had been
in a turmoil all day since she opened her computer first thing that morning and
saw the message. She knew she liked Bob. They got on very well together on the
mountain and she liked what he'd done in bed but then there had been the
excitement and danger of the situation. "Can I hack life as a boring housewife?"
she'd asked herself. Telling herself, "No," she'd decided to play it cool with
Bob. She didn't want to hurt him. He was too nice for that but she didn't want
to drag out a relationship that might never go anywhere. "Better end it,
Charley. He only had a crush on you. It was his first time fucking a woman for
God's sake." Her resolve almost ended when she saw the hurt in his eyes that
first morning back but gradually he'd acquiesced and Charley had decided he
really was not the one to dominate her. The pop-ups had partly changed her mind.
They were the work of a computer geek but they had got through to her until she
had agreed. Now, as she rushed around to pack she wondered what would happen
between them that weekend.

"Damn, I'm going to be late," she said as a villager directed her to the other
side of the straggling village. "Too bad. Can't be helped." It was 6:15 when she
pulled into Bob's driveway.

"Come in Charley," Bob greeted her with a peck on the cheek, "Your table was
booked for 6:00 but I can keep things warm. I presume when you go clubbing you
have a drink or two and eat before the main events." Charley just nodded as he
led her into the lounge. The house was a eighty year old bungalow originally
built for his father and mother when they married. Bob inherited it when his
mother died a few years after his father. Charley noticed it was reasonably tidy
but not sparkling.

"Would you like a glass of wine before dinner Madame?" On the table stood a
bottle of white wine, a carton of grape juice and two glasses.

"It's Miss, Sir." Charley smiled at him for the first time in a week, "And yes
please, I would."

Twenty minutes later Bob disappeared into the kitchen. Charley heard sizzling
and sounds of cooking but decided to leave him alone for what ever he planned.
Soon he returned. "Would you like to take a seat at the table now Miss?" Seating
her he filled her glass with wine, his with juice and then from the kitchen
produced two steaks, mashed potatoes, carrots and cabbage on very hot plates.

"A man's meal," thought Charley but it was good. Later he disappeared into the
kitchen again and brought home-made apple pie and custard. He filled her glass
again. "Are you trying to get me drunk Robert Eason?"

"Isn't that what you do at the clubs Miss?"

"I guess so but there I am not alone with a man. A man who has threatened to
punish me. Is having a good meal and wine my punishment Sir? Are you trying to
make me feel guilty by being nice?"

"That you will find out in due course."

His attitude became firmer when he asked her to help with the washing-up. "We
don't wash the dishes at clubs," Charley commented although she didn't really
object.

"At this one it is obligatory, Miss." They finished clearing up and returned to
the lounge. "Time for the cabaret, Miss." Bob put a CD. "You're the cabaret.
Strip tease time."

Again she really didn't really object but decided to test him. "No way!" Hardly
had the words left her mouth before Charley found herself being lifted and
draped over the back of the armchair. Squealing she started kicking but couldn't
prevent her skirt being lifted.

"Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!" Bob's surprisingly hard hand landed
furiously on her backside. Charley cried out. "No, you bastard, no!" Even over
her knickers it hurt.

"Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!" Bob repeated his spanking of her arse.
"Okay. Okay! I'll do it!" Charley hadn't expected or believed Bob would treat
her this way. Rubbing her sore bum cheeks she slowly stood and moved to the
centre of the room. The warmth from the spanking was spreading and she was
starting to feel horny. Swaying gently to the music, she removed he clothes as
sensuously as she could. She'd seen strippers at the clubs but had never done it
herself. She saw Bob had a bulge in his trousers and she was ready to get them
off too.

"Not bad for an amateur Charley. Time now for your punishment."

"You... you've just done it."

"No. That was for refusing to undress. Your bottom is only a little pink. Time
for the punishment you deserve for treating me like dirt for the last fortnight,
Charley. That's what you came for. That and the comforting afterwards. Gallie
told me you liked it much harder. She told me about you being caned and how hard
you wanted it. Bend over the armchair again and hold the front legs." For a
moment he thought Charley was going to refuse but she decided he was going to
spank her again anyway so she might as well get it over with. In any case her
bottom was tingling nicely and her cunt juice was beginning to flow. Bob lifted
a cushion on a nearby chair and removed two short lengths of rope and before
Charley understood what was happening, he quickly bound one wrist to the chair
leg. Ineffectively Charley flailed the other arm but it was soon captured and
bound to the other leg. She was helpless and more worried than she cared to
admit. The phrase 'still waters run deep' sprang to her mind.

"Will he really harm me now I'm totally at his mercy? No one's going to come and
help me." she thought and then started to scream at him. Bob had predicted that
might happen and from the under the same cushion removed a scarf he'd already
knotted in the middle. A simple but workable gag. Charley's worries increased.
The times she'd been 'punished' at the club had been in front of an audience,
not alone with a man she only thought she could trust. At the club she'd been
told roughly what would happen, she'd been free to cry out - and she'd been
paid. Now she didn't even know what her punishment was. The punishment was for a
real offence and she couldn't even plead for mercy.

Her fears were only partially allayed when Bob said quietly. "Charley dear, I
haven't done this before. Sally and Gallie said it was the only way I would get
you back. They said, I had to do it real hard. You liked the pain. I've read
many stories on the web about flogging girls and how some climaxed under the
whip. Perhaps these are exaggerated I don't know." He rubbed her still pink
bottom. "I quite enjoyed spanking you and that got you wet but how much you and
I will enjoy the next bit remains to be seen. The girls said to make you real
sore but not to mark you apart from stripes that will fade in a week or two."
Inwardly Charley cursed Sally and Gallie. She knew they had egged Bob into doing
this. 'Stripes that took a week or two to fade would be very painful. With her
schoolgirl caning skit, the stripes took more than two weeks go down
sufficiently for her to sit without feeling some discomfort and longer still to
fade completely. She didn't want to go through the problems of trying to conceal
a sore arse for that long again. She watched tearfully as Bob lifted another
cushion and removed a broad leather belt.

"The info on the web said canes can be dangerous if not properly used so I found
my dad's old work belt. Tried to whack my bum with it last night but it was
difficult to swing it and watch in a mirror. The times I connected it stung
pretty badly but I guess that is what you want." Charley shook her head no.
"That we'll find out." He went on as he stroked the leather over her back and
down her arse. Again Charley tried to say no but could not communicate with him.
"It's the first time I've done this Charley and I'm beginning to get the power
feeling the masters in the stories must feel. You're absolutely helpless and I
could thrash you senseless and then rape and rape you. Is that what you want
Charley? The slaves in the stories did." Again Charley vigorously shook her
head, no. She was more than a little worried now, she was deadly afraid.

Taking a position to one side of her, Bob swung the belt with what he thought
was moderate force. It landed with a resounding crack. A broad stripe turned
white, then red. He almost gave up then but kept remembering the girls had told
him not to be soft on her. To be the boss. He laid on a second and a third in
quick succession. Charley writhed and kicked and he had to wait until she calmed
a little. Much of her arse was red now and turning purple where stripes had
overlapped. "How much of this can she take?" Bob asked himself. He decided six
would be plenty for now and laid on the final three. Charley was sobbing and
moaning into her gag. He left her to cry for a minute or two while he rid
himself of his trousers and pants.

"Make sure you screw her well afterwards," Sally had said, "That's when she'll
really start to get her kicks." Charley shook her head, "No," as Bob entered her
but he hardly noticed it. Only the throbbing of his rock hard cock mattered.
Driving it in, her found she was already wet which confirmed in his mind what
the girls had told him and some of the Internet stories. The fact that he was
somewhat gullible and the girls had conned him was, for the time being, lost on
him. It felt so good to have his cock in her warm cunt again. He plunged it to
full depth. His loins hit her tender bum causing her to move which added to his
pleasure. In and out he plunged but his pleasure was short lived. Having
abstained from wanking for the last twenty-four hours, too soon he shot his seed
into her.

Slowly he withdrew and looked aghast at her tortured arse. At the arse he had
tortured. He felt ashamed. Charley cried out when her gag was removed and
looking at him spat, "Bastard. You cruel bastard." Somehow though there wasn't
the venom in her voice he expected. "I didn't expect you to be as harsh as
that," she murmured through her tears. At first she tried to pull away when Bob
held her close and kissed her but soon gave up resisting and allowed him to take
her to the bathroom where he played a cool water from the shower on her bottom.
After gently drying her, he laid her on the bed and brought a glass of wine.

"Is that what you wanted Charley?"

"No, it wasn't. The smacking you gave me first was quite enough. Thank you very
much. I shan't be able to sit for a week and we've that coach trip to make to
the inquest on Monday. I didn't believe you were so bloody cruel. Why did you
hit so hard? Why the belt?"

"The girls told me that's how you liked it and wanted it really hard. They said
...."

"Sally and Gallie?" Bob nodded. "I'll have their guts. They know I don't mind a
bit of a hand spanking to warm me up. I suppose they told you about how I was
caned in public too?" Again Bob nodded. "Well yes, I did get a caning and I
never want another."

"You were wet when I entered you. You must have been a bit aroused by it."

"Perhaps. But it was still more than I wanted. It hurts like hell even now." Bob
looked at her tear stained face and felt sorry for what he had done but behind
it he realised she wasn't threatening to run away or complain. Perhaps she did
like him. Perhaps she did want him to be her master. Perhaps he shouldn't let
her make him feel the wrong doer. She'd been the one on the course who'd wanted
him inside her.

"Charley. You're here for the weekend. As far as I'm concerned you've been
punished for making me feel special while we were away and like a bit of shit
when we returned. Now it's my turn to pull the strings. I'm going lay face up
and you are going to lie on top of me, head to tail. You will service me while I
service you. Sixty-nining they call it. Your bum will be above me so if there is
any suggestion of your biting my prick, you can imagine what I will do to your
arse. However, we both should get some satisfaction from the arrangement and
your bum need come to no further harm."

Painfully Charley wriggled on top of him and took his prick, still unwashed from
it sojourn raping her cunt, in her mouth. It wasn't her first time. Slowly his
manhood responded and became hard. Slowly too her clit swelled under his
ministrations but neither was in a hurry to cause the other to climax.
Eventually though, Charley came and then increased her sucking of his cock until
he spurted in her mouth. "Kiss me," she whispered and when he did she thrust her
tongue inside his mouth so he could taste his own sperm.




Chapter 8. Revenge

"How's your bum, Charley?" Gallie asked. The four, Charley, Bob, Sally and
Gallie were sitting around the dining table in a small hotel in Exeter and the
chairs were wooden and hard.

"One of these days, you'll find out. I'll get my own back." Charley was in good
humour. Her bum was tender and she knew she would fidget around on the seat a
good deal before the meal was over. "You two lied to Bob about my enjoying the
caning. You knew how long it took me to get over that and yet you egged him on
to do something similar. I'll get my own back! You just wait!"

Apart from the pain of the Friday evening, the weekend had gone well. Bob had
tended her with care but without ever losing his control. She was in his house,
she would do what he said. But what he said was never unreasonable and they had
a good time as far as they could given Charley found it difficult to move. Twice
he fucked her doggie style to save putting extra weight on her arse and both
enjoyed the sensation.

Monday morning she drove to her own home to ready herself for the bus trip to
Exeter later in the day. The trip took far longer than expected because of hold
ups on the M25 and M4 motorways and the sombre mood of the passengers wasn't
helped by their feelings on having to recount the horrors of the night on the
mountain in the coming few days.

It was expected the inquest would be over in two days at the most. Usually they
took less time but with the number of witnesses to be called this one was
scheduled for Tuesday and Wednesday. However, it was late Friday when the
Coroner called a halt. Roger's parents employed a lawyer who wanted to collect
as much evidence as he could to support a manslaughter charge against Stan
Copely. It was not a court, nor was Stan on trial although it felt like it.
Every action by the witnesses was questioned at length. The questioning of
Barbara Stavely started it off.

After the usual preliminaries Council asked, "The walk was due to start at 9.00
a.m. and yet you didn't arrive down for breakfast until almost ten. Why was
that?"

"We,... I overslept."

"We?"

"Everyone knows. It's no secret. I spent the night in Stanley Copely's bed but
what that has to do with poor Roger's death, I don't know."

"We think it may have, Miss Stavely. What time did the you and he finally get to
sleep?"

"I guess it must have been about three-thirty."

"Three-thirty in the morning? Very late, Miss Stavely. So you both overslept?"

"Well Stan woke me a bit after eight but we thought we had time for a quickie
and then we fell asleep again. Next time I saw the clock it said 9:51. I woke
Stan and we rushed around. Didn't have time for a shower or do my face even."

*****

"Sally Furlow, why did you decide to return to the hotel and not continue on to
the hut?" Council asked.

"My feet were sore and blistered. I'm a town girl and there are no hills where I
come from. My shoes weren't suitable so I figured my job wasn't worth carrying
on. I told him to stuff his assessments."

"Who is 'he', Miss Furlow?"

"Our Senior Manager, Stan Copely. I decided, if he wanted to be rid of me, so be
it. I thought I would be able to get another job and I hoped the others would
come too but only Gallie did and then Billie followed to help us."

"You didn't just return because you wanted an quiet night with Billie?"

"No, Sir. I just didn't think I could walk much further and even coming back
down the mountain was very painful. It was mainly my feet Sir. And Robert
Eason's warning that worse was to come. He said he knew the area and seemed to
know what he was talking about. He said the weather forecast was not good and I
remembered one of the other ladies saying that earlier."

So Council went on investigating every detail from each member of the group.
Stan still wasn't fit enough to stand to give evidence and was allowed to sit.
Even so the Coroner had to adjourn the sitting to give him time to recover. It
wasn't only his chest, it was the worry over what they might decide.

Natalie Grant was called and interrogated as to the firm's policy on training
staff before allowing them to lead outdoor events, the emergency procedures in
place, what she had done to ensure the safety of her workforce before sending
them on the course etc. Of course there no procedures in place, and she had only
rubber stamped the course without checking on its content. It could be she would
be indicted too.

On the Friday, the Coroner gave an open verdict on the cause of death and
Roger's parent's council gave notice he would be passing all the information on
to the police for possible prosecution against Stan or the company or both.

The group that returned home on the Friday evening were somewhat relieved the
ordeal was over for the time being but were still not in a jolly mood. Each
seemed wrapped up in their own thoughts. Even Sally and Gallie weren't
chattering as lively as normal. Charley lay against Bob with her eyes closed,
not sleeping but churning over the events of the past few days and planning how
she could get her own back on the two girls. By the time they arrived at Ipswich
she had the germ of an idea.

Five weeks later she had an afternoon dental appointment. It was only for a
check-up but she took the whole afternoon off and afterward drove to the club.
Juliet answered the door when she rang. "Can I see the boss, Juliet, please?"
Charley asked.

"You want another caning, Charley?"

"Not likely but I have an idea for a show the boss might go with." Boss and
Charley discussed the idea at length and he agreed that if she could get a
letter from the girls that they were willing to go along with it, he would put
it on. He wanted  a disclaimer so as to be absolved from any legal battle if
they didn't like what they received.

Getting the letter was not a great stumbling block. Signing forms was almost a
way of life at Grant and Grant's so when given a sheaf of papers to sign,
neither Sally or Gallie actually looked at every sheet. The main text of one
they signed read:

'We the undersigned unreservedly agree to act as Egyptian slaves in the
forthcoming club soiree.

We promise to try to appear unwilling slaves and act as if we are forced to play
our parts. We have seen how well some previous actresses have portrayed their
roles and will endeavour to emulate them to the best of our ability. All the
apparent reluctance to participate will be part of our act and should be totally
ignored.

Provided we are not permanently marked or scarred and are paid for our
performance, we absolve the Club from any liabilities arising from this
contract.

Signed:'

Charley mailed the signed documents to the boss.

A fortnight later, the three and Bob were in the club watching a fairly tame
spanking father daughter skit, when the Boss came and greeted them. Ladies and
especially you Charley, you have been such good customers that I am offering you
three tickets to one of our country get togethers. Normally they cost ?500 each
but for you, they are free. You have earned me a good deal in the past Charley
and I know it was through the efforts of your friends so I wish to reward them
too. We will give you the location by email at 4 p.m. on 14th June which is the
day of the get together. It is within of fifty miles from here and the
performance will start at 9.30. Overnight accommodation has been booked for the
three of you sharing. As you may have heard, at these country shows, audience
participation is much greater than we can allow at the club. I am sure you
understand what that means." Boss left the tickets and went and talked with
other members and the group noticed some men were passing their credit cards and
receiving a ticket.

"I wonder what he meant by 'greater audience participation'. Does that mean we
get to swish a whip?" Gallie asked.

"From what John told me, they have actual sex in the show and you might get a
cock or two inside you," Charley answered.

"Does that mean you will too?" Bob looked concerned.

"Probably, but you needn't worry dear. I'll come back to you."

"I don't think you should go." Bob looked downcast.

"Bob. As yet we're not married. I'm not tied to you although if things keep
going the way they are, I might well be. You already know of my two sided life
and have taken advantage of it. We've had some great sex and some good weekends
walking in the Dales, this meeting is something I feel I need to do, even if it
is for one last time. Either you let me go without any comebacks later, or you
go back to your old way of life."

"They might thrash you again?"

"They might, but I doubt it. Before I have always signed a disclaimer form and
knew I was getting paid for what they did to me. Nothing has been said this
time. They have probably booked someone else seeing I haven't made myself
available for a while." Bob still wasn't satisfied but left the subject alone
for the time being. Over the intervening weeks he did raise the subject but
always Charley's answer was the same. She would do it this time and if he still
wanted her afterwards, she would consider making it the last time.

When it came the destination was a old large house to the north of Diss. "Please
arrive at 7:30 for 8 p.m. dinner with the owner," the email instructed. The
owner was an ex cavalry major who still kept his title, Major James Donahue. His
wife Pauline shyly greeted them and introduced their two sons, Bruce and Jackson
who were both in their late twenties. Sally and Gallie immediately took a shine
to the handsome pair. Major James seemed pleasant enough but very forthright in
his views, his wife on the other hand, only spoke when asked a question.

The Boss whose name they found out for the first time was Brendon, Juliet, John
and a rather sombre man they simply called Igor arrived for dinner but were not
staying overnight. During the meal the girls tried to find out about the
performance but nothing more than they already knew was given away. "It's an
Egyptian evening"  Brendon said. Everyone knew that. The only snippet of
information that finally slipped out was that Igor was the whip man but that was
all that was said of his role.

When the other guests arrived, each was given a simple Egyptian style white
tunic dress to wear and shown a room in which they could change. Most had booked
into a fairly local hotel and arrived together by the club minibus at 9 p.m.
Sally and Gallie were given similar costumes but Juliet came and took Charley
and John into a side room and were given much more lavish costumes "I didn't
think I was to play a part this time Juliet," a surprised Charley asked.

"You're Cleopatra dear and John is your Mark Anthony. You will have control over
how much punishment your friends get. Don't be too lenient on them. Remember the
caning they arranged for you. Remember these people have paid an awful lot of
money to see this show and there could be some nasty scenes if they think they
are being ripped off. 'Igor' is an expert with the whip. His whip is softer than
it looks. It makes a lot of noise and will hurt and leave red stripes but they
will heal within a short time. Do they realise they will be 'raped'?"

"Not yet. They still think they are spectators."

"I doubt they think that now. Boss has them tied in their room and was showing
them their disclaimer forms when I left. From what I heard I don't think you are
their best friend at the moment." Juliet arranged a gold an blue card headdress
and a rather gaudy plastic necklace on Charley. She looked very amateur
dramatics Egyptian but that wouldn't matter too much in the rather dim light of
the main hall, now furnished to resemble an Egyptian throne room. "There I think
you're ready now. You ready too Mark Anthony?" Juliet fussed over their costumes
a bit and led them downstairs.

'Cleopatra' entered the 'throne room' with 'Mark Anthony' a step behind, and
slowly and with her best attempt at looking regal, walked down the centre of the
room towards the throne.

"Crack!!" Igor's whip sounded like a gunshot inside the lofty room. "Kneel you
unworthy people. Kneel when your queen enters the room. "Crack!! Crack!!
Crack!!" The whip sounded repeatedly as the audience got to their knees.

Cleopatra walked slowly between the two rows of kneeling people. "Seems a higher
proportion of women here than at the club," she thought to herself as she nodded
gracefully first one side and then the other until she reached her throne. There
she turned, sat and waited for Mark to make himself comfortable alongside her.
"What comes next?" she whispered to him.

"Clap your hands and order the entertainment to begin,"  John whispered back.
She did. A gong sounded. Music played and Juliet started one of her routine
sensual dances. It went on for a while and the audience became restless. This
was not what they had come for. Erotic though it was, it wasn't what they had
paid a lot of money to see.

"Let me go you bastards! Let go of me! I was tricked into this!!" Gallie's voice
rose above the dance music. It was joined by Sally too screaming to be released.

"Guards! What is the meaning of this disturbance to our entertainment?"
Cleopatra's voice was raised in annoyance.

Outside, unseen by the audience, Sally and Gallie still yelled obscenities at
their captors. Their wrists were tied but their gags had been removed. "There's
some mistake. We're guests at this show. You'll be in trouble when we get back!
Those forms were fakes!" Gallie tried pleading and then threatening the two men
who held her.

Bruce, the guard knelt. "I'm sorry your majesty. We found two rebels trying to
get in. They will be removed and exucuted immediately majesty."

"Wait. Bring them in. I think they will provide some of our entertainment
tonight. Bring them forth."

Both girls were dragged in to the applause of the onlookers. Seeing Charley on
the throne, Sally yelled, "Charley tell them this is a mistake. Tell them to let
us go." Before Charley could answer both she and Gallie knew they had been set
up. Set up by their friend.

"Guard. Who are these bitches that dare to call me by some foreign name? From
whence do they come?" Cleopatra's words were icy.

"Majesty, we think they may be spies in the pay of your rival, Prince Abdul. It
is not the first time they have sort to injure your majesty. Shall I put them to
death Majesty?"

"No! No! Charley this is going too far," yelled Sally. She'd heard of snuff
parties and wasn't too sure this wasn't going to be one.

"Silence these creatures, Guards," Charley ordered. When the guards, Bruce and
Jackson, had gagged the pair again, Cleopatra went on, "Death will be too quick
and easy. They need to pay for their previous plotting against me. Pay in the
same way as they made me pay, but with interest." By now the audience realised
this was a grudge show. Most had seen the trio on the club and heard about, even
if they hadn't seen, how Charley had been caned. "Strip them and parade them to
my loyal subjects. Let everyone see and feel their unworthy bodies. Bodies that
are so nice on the outside but contain cruel, rotten hearts. We will make sure
their bodies are likewise cruelly marked in a short while. Make sure everyone,
man or woman is allowed within reach so their fingers can tease the white flesh
of these rebels before we turn it to all colours of a beautiful rainbow. Spare
them not any humiliation."

Charley felt quite pleased with her speech. None of this was in the apology for
a script. Charley had added it. However, the two guards now aided by two other
slaves, easily fell in with the new plan and quickly tore off the flimsy
costumes and carried the two naked girls to the participants at each side. Both
girls struggled but soon there were far more hands than those of the guards on
their bodies. Hands squeezed their breasts, nipped their nipples, probed their
cunts and arseholes, pinched their bums. Slowly the pair were rotated in
opposite directions around the group lining the walls and brought sobbing to
Cleopatra's throne again.

"I hope you two now know what if feels like to be publicly naked and at the
mercy of anyone and everyone. So far you have not felt real pain. Only
embarrassment and humiliation. That is about to change. I suffered because of
you. Now it is your turn. Guards, string them up, back to back."

At the third attempt a rope was thrown over one of the wood beams that spanned
the old hall. A noose was formed on one end. Both girls looked horrified. "Don't
worry girls, it will be a while before the noose is needed. First you must
receive the caress of Igor's whip. You met him earlier and didn't please him too
much. By the time he's finished, you'll be begging to have the noose around your
lovely necks. Charley played her power game to the full. It didn't take long for
the guards to tie the hands of the girls to each other and to the noose end of
the rope. "Haul them up." Cleopatra waited until their feet were barely touching
the ground and then ordered each ankle to be bound to the corresponding one of
her partner and then tied spread to a short length of scaffold pole. "Lower them
slightly and remove the gags," she ordered. The girls stood, back to back, arms
high, breasts out, and legs spread wide with their pubic hair clearly visible.

"Charley don't do this," pleaded Sally. "The whip will kill us. Scar us."

"We thought we were friends. Now we know what a bitch you really are!" yelled
Gallie as soon as their gags were removed. "We didn't do anything near as bad as
this to you!"

"Ladies. It is pay back time. As Queen Cleopatra I sentence you to be flogged
back and front and then given to the guards and my loyal subjects for their
amusement. You can scream as much as you like but only I can order Igor to stop
so the more your tongues abuse me, so will Igor's whip slice your skin. Clear a
space around them. Give Igor room to swing his whip well."

"Crack!! Crack!!" Igor's whip snapped as it again cut through air making its
terrifying sound without landing on the girls. The third crack landed across
Gallie's lower stomach leaving a painful red line in its wake. A scream left
Gallie's mouth. "Stop him you bitch! Stop him. He's cutting me. We didn't intend
to harm you."

Charley could see the line hadn't cut into Gallie's body but it would be sore
for a while. "Remember what I said about abusing me, slave. Think on that when
the whip reaches your tits."

The next scream came from Sally as her lower belly felt the whip. And so it went
on. The fifth lash caught the underside of Gallie's tits. They flew upwards from
the impact and when her scream died Gallie started begging for mercy, promising
she would never again trick her friend but Charley didn't order a cessation
until there were three stripes across both girl's tits. One of them catching
both nipples. Igor was obviously a real expert.

"Give them a drink of water and turn them so they face each other." Both girls
collapsed on the floor when their hands were untied but soon they were hauled up
again, this time tender breast to tender breast. While this was going on,
Charley spoke to Igor. "Concentrate on the arses. Stripe them like mine was with
the cane." Igor had to imagine that as he hadn't been at the show but could
guess what the result would be. "Do you want to fuck one of them after Igor?"
Charley went on, seeing his boxer type shorts protruded at his crotch.

"Yes, Ma'am. That Gallie girl. While she's still hanging."

"So you shall."

After a short break for the girls to recover slightly, Igor resumed his slow
methodical whipping. During the respite several couples copulated openly and
Charley felt John's hand between her thighs but she wasn't ready for him yet.
She was too hyped up with her power and began to feel what her friends must have
felt when they watched her being caned.. Starting at the top of their thighs
Igor laid neat strokes two or three finger widths apart. Charley didn't think
they looked as deep or a vivid as her cane marks and thought for a few moments
to do what the girls had done to her when the 'headmaster' was wielding the cane
and shout "Harder, harder," but let Igor carry on until he reached the top of
the bum cheeks and then ordered a halt. She wanted revenge but didn't want to
lose her friends. Both girls were crying loudly and shouting and begging for
mercy.

"Enough!" Charley shouted loudly, "Guards, take that Sally girl down and service
her to the best of your ability. Igor, service the girl Gallie in the way you
wish." Sally was fucked by Bruce in her cunt. Gallie, still hanging was forced
fucked by Igor and while this was going on, another guard rammed his cock in her
arse. Jackson waited until Igor had finished and then he too had Gallie. All
around a veritable orgy was in progress. Charley noticed the Major ramming into
the maid who'd served them dinner while not far away, Pauline being held down by
and elderly man sitting on her chest and another fucking her.

Charley bent over her throne and John reamed her from the rear. Soon she
climaxed and John spurted inside her. The guards were still raping the girls
although they looked as if they were nearly finished. Charley decided it was
time to call a halt. The girls had had enough. "Would you mind helping me get
them to their room, please boys?" Bruce and Jack carefully lifted the girls and
while they groaned loudly when moved, they managed to stagger along to their
room with an arm around a man.

"You'll need help to clean them up," Bruce, the older of the two, remarked.

"Thanks as long as you remember, it is more a case of making them comfortable
and relieving their pain, rather than screwing," Charley answered. Both lads
nodded agreement.

"You bitch, you fucking bitch," Gallie groaned, tears still streaming down her
face. "You really set us up."

"We're quits now," Charley countered, "No more canings or whippings unless we
really volunteer. Okay?" Gallie agreed and Sally nodded too as Jackson helped
her into the shower. When they saw the stripes on each other clearly for the
first time, both knew the whipping had not been as severe as they had imagined.
The welts were not too pronounced and there was no blood.

Next morning Charley awoke alone in her bed and looked across at the other two
beds. In the morning light she could see Gallie and Bruce were sleeping in the
nearest and Jack and Sally in the other. She'd given the girl's a sleeping pill
once they'd been cleaned up and put to bed. Charley's movements to the bathroom
woke Bruce and by the domino effect before she returned all four of the others
were awake, two of them very sore. In front of the boys Charley examined the
arses and breasts of her friends. While the welts were still very clear, they
were not angry red but were beginning to colour to various shades of
yellow-purple. "Bruce, do you think your father will mind if they stay here
another night or two. I don't think their bums will stand a car journey today."

"I'm sure he will, but he might want to check for himself they are really as bad
as we say. We'll look after them. You wouldn't mind that would you Gallie?"

She smiled a little, "As long as you treat me gently. What say you Sally? Feel
like staying or going home?" Sally of course agreed to stay.

*****

"Hi Bob." Charley spoke into her mobile phone.

"You okay? Are you hurt? Do you want me to come and get you? Did they rape you?
What about Gallie and Sally? Did you....."

"Whoa there, wait a minute. I'm fine. The girls are sore. I'll be at your home
in about an hour and I'll tell you all about it then. Afterwards you can decide
whether or not to send me away for good. The girls are staying here for a day or
so.




Epilogue

Ten months later, two weeks before the trial of Stan Copely was due to begin,
Charley and Bob were married and spent their honeymoon traipsing across
Dartmoor. She stopped visiting the sex club but on occasions allowed Bob to
spank or use the slipper on her behind.

Gallie and Sally were bridesmaids. Gallie was pregnant with Bruce's child and
was living with him at weekends. She would move in permanently when the baby was
due and she had to give up her job at Grant and Grant's.

Sally and Jackson saw each other on an regular basis but had no plans to make
anything permanent. They still regularly attended the club, as did the Major and
Pauline. Sally soon found out, the Major rode his wife like he was still in the
cavalry and used his crop to spur her on.



Finis.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





