BDSM Library - Friendly




Friendly
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two women use bondage and sadomasochism to redefine their friendship.
For more bondage and S and M fiction for free go to my new site:
http://www.kinkstop.com

Friendly
By
Rhetoric

	Erin waited for Rhonda to arrive while she cut fresh fruit for their
luncheon. The two women had been having lunch together for the fifteen years
their kids had been playing together and dating. They were close friends who had
seen each other through a lot and their Tuesday afternoon lunches were the real
high point of their week. If a new dress had been purchased it was displayed
there first. If a new bit of news and gossip was obtained it was communicated
over Rhonda's kitchen table or on Erin's patio. So it was with a smile on
Rhonda's thick red lips that she prepared the oranges and apples and set them on
her table. Her jet black hair covered her high regal cheekbones as she bent
forward. She often wore her hair loose. It flowed like a dark mysterious river
down he shapely back. Rhonda loved lunching with Erin for another reason as
well; she was an excellent cook. Italian food was her specialty and she loved
eating it as well. Rhonda's 125 pound frame was skinny without having the
qualities of a waif. Her high proud breasts pointed straight out and a bit up
over her flat hard belly and she often smiled as younger girls looked at her
beauty with obvious envy when she went to her local gym.

	As she ran her hand, sticky with orange juice over that very same belly
Rhonda thought that it had been a while since she had pleasured herself. She
usually made a point to do so at least once every few days, but things had
gotten busy at work and at home she often fell asleep in front of her computer
doing work on one or another spreadsheets. As the juice from the innocent inert
orange ran down her belly she felt a twinge between her legs that reminded her
she was being remiss in her attentions to her body. She looked at her watch and
thought that she might have just enough time. Lying on the cold kitchen floor
Rhonda stripped off her panties. This was all she was wearing as she usually
dressed right before Erin came over.  She took a half of an orange and squeezed
its juices out over her belly. They lightly sprinkled her and caused her to
wriggle and sigh. Rhonda rubbed the juices in to her skin and continued
squeezing the orange as she moved her hand down her body so that it hovered over
her vagina. As the first drops of orange juice pelted Rhonda's labia she felt a
shock go straight to her clitoris. She put her finger deep into the flesh of the
orange penetrating it and slicking it up. Then she tapped her clit slowly,
laying the flat of her bedewed forefinger upon it for two seconds before sliding
it up and off.

	As Rhonda played with her clit she began to feel the orange juice stream
down her vagina and mingle with her own juices. She rolled her hips and dipped
two fingers into her to lube her entire vagina. She fucked herself steadily and
slowly and tried to hurry her orgasm because she knew that Erin would be
arriving soon. Both had keys to each other's houses and often let themselves in.
as Rhonda thought about this she thought about Erin more intimately. Lately Erin
had been looking especially beautiful herself. She had recently gotten divorced
from her husband and instead of withering like many women she had blossomed. She
looked very different than Rhonda. Where Rhonda was petite and lithe Erin was
curved and buxom. Erin's smallish waist spread out to her large firm breasts and
her big firm muscular posterior. Men looked at Erin and saw a fantasy playground
where they might achieve their greatest desires.

	Rhonda was thinking of Erin's body as she felt her orgasm mount. She had
often seen it naked on shopping expeditions and in swimming pool locker rooms
but as she did not know how Erin felt, she kept her desire to touch her friend
to herself. Now, however, in her own mind it was Erin's fingers in her probing
her desires and it was Erin's tiny fist squeezing the orange out over her.
Faster and faster Rhonda fucked her pussy as her sweet scented juices eased her
finger's way inside. She put the spent orange over her clit and used the thick
distended nub like a juice squeezer. Just as her orgasm hit the door opened. A
voice shouting happily from the house's entranceway, "Hi, kiddo. I know I'm
early but I just had to show you this new dress I bought and . . ."

	Erin stopped speechless as she saw what Rhonda was doing to herself on
the kitchen floor. Seconds passed and became a minute, then two. Rhonda was past
the point of no return and her orgasm had taken her over. She opened her eyes as
she peaked and stared steamily directly into Erin's blue eyes. Rhonda's orgasm
subsided and as she jerked quietly on the floor Erin bent down and picked her
up. Erin used her strong arms honed at the gym into sculpted works of art to sit
Rhonda up and ease her to a kitchen chair. Then Erin took a damp kitchen towel
and cleaned her friend as she knelt in front of her. Silence permeated the room
and every now and then Erin's gaze would meet Rhonda's. Sparks flew between
them. The tangible bursts of hot energy moistened both of them. As Erin
moistened Rhonda's pussy with the wash cloth Rhonda began to respond to her
fingers and the rough cotton of the cloth rubbing her clit and labia. "Did you
forget you had left the front door open, baby? Erin asked softly as she felt her
heart beat in her throat.

	"Did you really just happen to arrive early, Erin? Oooohhmmmm. That
feels good." Erin smiled and staring steadily into Rhonda's brown eyes she bent
her head and dragged her tongue gently across Rhonda's pussy from the bottom of
her vulva to just under her clitoris. After she licked and sucked Rhonda's labia
for a moment she drilled her tongue expertly with Rhonda's pussy walls
luxuriating in Rhonda's moans and gasps. Stopping for a moment Erin pulled back
and while continuing to frig Rhonda she said, "The kids are off at college and
there are no husbands around that I can see, Rhonda. I've seen you looking at me
in a more than sisterly way a lot recently. Do you want to act on it or shall we
drink tea and talk about shopping and pasta recipes?

	"Oh, Erin. I've wanted so much to tell you I want . . ." and here her
words failed her because she did not know what she wanted or how to get it.
Rhonda smiled and watched as her best friend blushed and looked away.  She took
her by the chin and turning her face planted a soft warm kiss on her lips. The
two women hugged and kissed. At first their lips only slightly parted. Then as
they began rubbing against each other Erin felt Rhonda's tongue slip between her
lips and slide along her teeth. Erin smiled and opened her mouth accepting
Rhonda's searching tongue. She let it come into her as it darted gently here and
there. Erin teased it with her own tongue drawing it farther into her mouth.
Then as if springing an elegant trap Erin closed her lips around Rhonda's tongue
and sucked it. At first she sucked gently and Rhonda twisted in her chair
helplessly as her hands gripped the armrests. Then as Erin's suction increased
Rhonda felt her clit ache and load moans half escaped Erin's hold over her
mouth.

	"That's what you've wanted f or a long time. Isn't it, hon? Well I am
going to give it to you and more." Taking Rhonda's hands Erin led her to the
master bedroom. There she threw the covers aside exposing the white sheets and
laid Rhonda out on the bed. Honda felt exposed on the white fitted sheet and
only began to feel less nervous as Erin began to undress in front of her. Erin
removed her blouse displaying her enormous breasts. The two women often joked
about them in clothing stores as they made Erin hard to fit, but no one was
joking now. Now Erin was watching as Rhonda stared at her breasts. A bit of
drool escaped Rhonda's lips as she watched Erin lift her tits up and massage
them through the heavy fabric that alone could hold them.

	  In one fluid motion Erin put her hand behind her back, unclasped her
bra and whipped it off her body. Her breasts pointed straight out from her
delicately muscled stomach and her nipples pointed up at an angle. They were
firm and had a slight bounce to them which caused Rhonda to become even more wet
than she was before. Instead of removing her black skirt Erin went directly to
Rhonda and kissed her deeply again and again. Their tongues mingled and swam
over each other as the sat close in the center of the large bed. Erin pressed
her mouth to Rhonda's ear. "Do you want to play with me little girl?" Erin
smiled as she watched Rhonda's mixed reaction. It looked like apprehension mixed
with desire and a touch of naughtiness. "If you want to play with me then you've
got to play by my rules." Rhonda knew that Erin was into some kinky things, but
had never heard her say much about it except for the odd sly comment. This was
the first time she had heard of rules in bed and it made her insides do flip
flops. "First for the time we are together you must do exactly as I say. No
questions asked. Second if you want to stop then you must say the word
"sanctuary" and I will stop what I am doing. If you say this, though we will
completely stop and go back to the kitchen to have our lunch. "Erin raised up on
her knees towering over Rhonda now. "You are either in or you are out. I will
warn you there may be pain involved but it won't be horrible and you won't be
permanently harmed. There will be pleasure as well. So my pretty friend, do you
still want to play?"

	It was then that Rhonda noticed for the first time what must have been a
fairly new tattoo on Erin's left shoulder blade. It looked like a circle divided
into three parts. It looked to her like a rough jagged yin and yang design. It
filled Rhonda with a sense of foreboding. Rhonda's heart was racing and her
throat was bone dry. She felt the power of her friend coming off her like heat
waves off summer sun heated pavement. Although she could not speak she nodded
firmly her assent. "Good little girl. Now come here and get on your hands and
knees." Rhonda was slow to react to Erin's command and jumped when she felt the
slap of Erin's hand on her ass.

	The pain shocked her into movement and in less time than it took to
think about Rhonda was on all fours in the center of the bed waiting for Erin to
do with her as she wished. Rhonda was positioned with her face down low on the
bed and her ass way up high.  Erin smiled and searched around Rhonda's room
until she found what she was looking for. "Ah yes, your leather braided belt
with the leather fringe. I've always watched you wearing this and have thought
about how it would look a bit closer to your skin." Erin walked around Rhonda's
body so that she was behind her.  She slipped the dark leather between Rhonda's
legs and puling on one end and then the other she rubbed the abraded leather all
over the inside of Rhonda's soft white thighs. Rhonda moaned and her hips swayed
in the air as the leather belt traveled back and forth over her. Erin slapped
her ass hard twice on each cheek and asked, "Did I give you permission to move,
little girl?" Rhonda's heart leaped and she wondered which answer that she could
give would bring her pain and which would bring pleasure.

For more bondage and S and M fiction for free go to my new site:


http://www.kinkstop.com

	"N . . . n . . . n . . . no." she stammered and waited for Erin's
rubbings to continue. What she received was the belt cracking on her ass as it
left pain, then warmth and a telltale red mark on her. She yelped out but did
not move except for a flinch and then Erin hit her again with the belt. "You
will refer to me as Ma'am or Mistress. Do you understand?"

	Rhonda felt the heat of her whippings travel down towards her pussy like
chocolate sauce poured down her ass. It caused her to drip onto the bed. "Yes,
Mistress!" Rhonda wished she could touch her throbbing clit, but knew that even
to ask for permission would invite more of the belt. She stayed in her position
like an obedient animal waiting for whatever Erin's pleasure held in store for
her.

	Erin sat down on the bed next to her and lightly stroked he body. She
let her hands roam over Rhonda's flesh as if it were an object inert and unable
to provide sensation for Rhonda. She poked, prodded, slapped and tickled her
spanking Rhonda every time she spoke or moved. "I know you have a little toy box
in this room, little girl. I know it because you've told me, haven't you?"
Rhonda did not know if the question was rhetorical or not and as she grew more
nervous trying to decide whether she was supposed to answer the belt flew across
her ass and back. "If I ask you a question you must answer me, pussy cat. If you
don't answer me you will be corrected. Now answer my question." Rhonda had
forgotten her question and was so scared at what her punishment might be for
that she simply swooned. Rhonda came back to reality to the feeling of her own
dress belt in Erin's hands striping her ass repeatedly. Each strike caused a
flash of pain which spread into a wave of pleasure like a tsunami that begins
small in the middle of the ocean and increases in size until reaching the beach
it is monstrous and unyielding.

	Between strokes of the belt Erin spoke through heavily exhaled breaths.
"My question, you disobedient little pussy cat was whether you told me if you
have a little toy box in this room. When I am finished whipping you for not
concentrating enough on my questions then you shall answer me." Once again the
belt came down hard on Rhonda. At once her mind flashed on a memory of Erin's
face as she saw her earlier that day laughing at one of her jokes. The two were
the closest of friends and often helped each other through difficult times. They
loved each other like sisters. This made it all the more difficult for Rhonda to
think about how cruel her best friend was being and how much she was enjoying
it. Whack! The belt's frayed stands nipped at Rhonda and made her skin sing. 
They pushed her senses as far as they could go and she felt her nipples extend
and stiffen almost painfully. Rhonda's back and ass were on fire as the belt
moved to her legs and what was between them. The whipping began slowly moving up
Rhonda's knees to her cunt and as she felt it inch forward incrementally, one
strike layering over the last, Rhonda prayed. She trembled as her prayers ran
through her head and the stinging smoothed over her thighs.


	She prayed the belt would hurt her cunt.



Erin somehow knew that this was what Rhonda wanted and just as she brought the
belt slapping and singing to the very edges of Rhonda's cunt lips she stopped
abruptly. Then Erin took the belt and doubled it up and put it right in front of
Rhonda's nose. "Now, pussy cat, have you told me you have a little toy box
here?" Erin stood over her just out of her sight and waited. "Yes, Mistress."

	"Good, then where is it?" Erin looked around ready to spring on Rhonda
if she wavered in her obedience. "It's under my bed, Mistress, near my
nightstand." Erin smiled and patted Rhonda's ass. Then bending over, she
retrieved a plastic bad filled with adult sex toys and emptied the bag on the
bed in front of Rhonda's nose. She blushed as the items were strewn about. She
never thought that anyone would see them. "What is this, pussy cat?" Rhonda saw
Erin's hand clasp a vibrator and she said, "it's my vibrator, Mistress." Earlier
last week the two had joked about how much they both loved their vibes. Here and
now, though there was precious little humor in the situation and both women felt
their throats dry and their pulse audible.

	Erin leaned forward on the bed and held up a flesh tone cylinder. "Is
this your little dildo, pussy cat?" Erin felt a drop of cream begin to run down
her left thigh. "Yes, Mistress." Erin pushed it right under Rhonda's nose. "What
do you do with this little toy?" Erin then shifted on the bed so that Rhonda
could see up her skirt and smell her hot pussy. "I put it in my cunt, Mistress."
The words barely left her mouth when Erin took the dildo and shoved it deep into
Rhonda's open mouth. "That's it. Suck it clean. I need your pussy juice cleaned
off it and I want it lubed well before I jam it in my cunt." Erin began fucking
Rhonda's helpless mouth and cooing to her as a mother to a baby. Rhonda's
gurgles and drooling around the thick rubber cock were fairly infantile and
served to further embarrass her and therefore stoke the heat that was ever
building between her legs. "Yes, good little girl. Suck on your little lollypop
for Mamma. Yes slurp it up and I'll give you a reward."

	Just the thought of a reward was enough to make Rhonda begin washing the
cock as thoroughly as she could. She ran her agile tongue all around it and slid
it over every faux vein and raised pleasure bump. By the time she was finished
the cock was wet and slippery, but only with her saliva and the taste of herself
lingered on her lips. Erin picked up another object from the largely latex pile
and showed it to her cock sucking friend. "What is this dear? Hmmmm? Oh I forgot
you can't talk with your mouth full. Well, this is your reward, a good firm butt
plug stuffed in your ass." Rhonda whimpered as she had been hoping for her pussy
to be touched if only to be punished. She realized, however, that this was not
to be. Erin continued to fuck her mouth and taunt her. "I know, I know, but you
don't have to thank me now. Thank me later after I use you for all you are
worth."

	Erin jammed the cock deep into Rhonda's mouth with a warning that she
better keep sucking it. Then she brought the plug around to Rhonda's exposed
spread ass. She slowly dipped the plug in her sopping wet pussy fucking herself
with it. Erin could hear the sticky sloshing sounds and moaned despite herself.
Then she moaned louder as she felt the thin end of the plug tickle her asshole.
It was wet and slippery and Rhonda's asshole puckered and unpuckered as the plug
rode over the wrinkles in her sphincter. Then with n warning at all the plug
pushed deep into Rhonda making her grunt and gasp. Erin bent under her and blew
hot and cold on Rhonda's pussy. It caused Rhonda to shiver and her hole opened
and closed convulsively. Every time it opened Erin push more of the fat plug
inside until it was almost entirely home.

	"Ooooooh, pussycat! You are such a good little girl. You look hot with
this plug in your ass. I never knew you were such an accomplished sub. I might
just spread it around the PTA that you are available for parties. We might make
some money together. There are plenty of suburban couples looking to get their
rocks off watching some nice kink." As Erin continued her verbal lashing at her
friend Rhonda's moans became one long continuous moan and she resisted the urge
to fuck her ass plug with all of her might. Then, as if a light had been turned
on illuminating a part of herself she had never known existed, the plug went
deep inside to be held in place by Rhonda's squeezing sphincter and Rhonda knew
that she was her best friend's total and complete sexual slave.

	"That's it, my little cock sucker. You feel all filled up now, don't
you?" Rhonda moaned "Yes" as best she could. "Mmmmmmmmmmmm." It was a trailing
pitiful moan that betrayed the submissive sensations within her. "Well now that
you have had some cock, pussy cat, it's time you have had some pussy." Erin took
the belt and tied it in such a way that it held the plug securely inside
Rhonda's ass while leaving her pussy fully exposed. Then she moved in front of
her and lifted up her skirt with one hand hefting her breasts with the other.
"You see, pussy cat? Look at all this lovely cream I have for you. I want you to
make me feel good and then I might let you touch yourself. Now I am going to
fuck that cock in your mouth and you are going to lick up my cream. Be a good
little pussy and you will get a reward. Be a bad little pussy and we will have a
bigger plug in you and a whipping."


For more bondage and S and M fiction for free go to my new site:


http://www.kinkstop.com



	Rhonda made no sound except for her sucking noises and her heavy
breathing. Erin eased forward on her hands and feet, her ass slid on the bed
towards the cock in Rhonda's mouth. Rhonda clamped down on the cock with her
teeth and helped Erin force it into her cunt. "Ooooooooooh. Yeeeeesssssss! What
a nice pussy cat you are. Fuck me good and deep and lick me." Rhonda was so
pleased at being told she was a good little pussy cat that she began to sing
deep inside her and really wanted to please her friend; her Mistress. She set to
fucking Erin as fast as she could with her bobbing head. The thick cock slipped
in and out of Erin as she tapped her clit. Occasionally Erin would circle her
ass and grip the cock with her cunt muscles fighting a small tug of war with
Rhonda's mouth. Rhonda always won, though and the dildo slide in and out of
Erin's clutching pussy spreading her cream all over her puffy red lips and tight
steamy hole.

	"Mmmmmmmm. That's it. Yes! Oh fuck my cunt good. Yeeeeessss!" Erin eased
back flat on the bed and thrust her hips up rhythmically timed to Rhonda's
strokes.  Rhonda looked like a combination between a strange animal with too
many sex organs and a hungry methodical frenzied oil rig drilling for white
milky cream instead of black viscous oil.  Slamming the cock inside Rhonda's
gripping pussy Rhonda felt the plug rub her insides and fill her ass. She also
felt her cream oozing down over her lips as it coated them completely. Erin's
head thrashed from side to side as she neared her orgasm. Her hand busily worked
her clit rubbing it in a counterclockwise circle. Then her orgasm came and she
squirted cream all over Rhonda's cock filled face. Rhonda was lost in the taste
of her and stopped fucking to lick Erin all over her lips and clit. Rhonda
screamed and spread her arms wide grabbing the bed sheet. Then as her climax
peaked she squeezed her mammoth tits tightly making flesh press out from between
her fingers. "Uuuuuuuuunnnnnh! Oooooooooh Baby! Pussy Caaaaaaaat! Yes lick that
cliiiit!" And then a great upheaval shook her to her core and she trembled
silently all over as she curled up tightly. With one last gasp, Erin collapsed
back onto the bed and languidly stroked Rhonda's cheek as her head rested on
Erin's thigh.

	"Very nice pet. Now it's your turn" Erin leaped off the bed, her big
tits bouncing saucily and took a giant cock from her Rhonda's collection and
rummaged through her closets for the loosest pair of shorts she could find. 
Then she took off her skirt and slid Rhonda's shorts over her shapely ass. The
shorts were skin tight on Erin as her tear drop shaped ass filled them
completely. They were very short as well and barely covered Erin's sexy ass.
Erin's tits remained free and moved extensions of her sexual power. She looked
down at them and kissed them. Erin took the shorts and unzipped them and slid
the flared end of the cock into her open fly. Then she positioned it just right
and closed the zipper to hold it in place. As she looked in the mirror she
struck herself as the perfect embodiment of all things sexual. Her large firm
breasts, her tight waist and her shapely ass were all woman and the thick, black
cock was a bold contrast that made her clit sing as it rubbed against the canvas
of Rhonda's shorts.

	Rhonda was drifting off into a sexual reverie when she felt Erin's hands
on her hips. Rhonda's slim sexy hips tapered up into a wasp waist that drove men
crazy. They were now doing the same for Erin. She pressed the springy flesh of
Rhonda's buttocks and smoothed her hands up and down Rhonda's thighs. Then she
moved back up to Rhonda's hips and clamped down on them almost painfully. The
cock was pressing against Rhonda's cunt hole and Erin hesitated before pressing
it in past her vaginal sphincter. "Do you want me to fuck you, pussy cat? Hmmm?"
Rhonda whimpered and raised her ass slightly to meet the rubber phallus that was
pressing into her. She hungered for the insertion and felt her cunt opening and
closing like the iris of an eye continuously exposed to bright light and
shadows. "Please, Mistress. Please."

	Erin's reply was in the form of a long slow sinking penetration of
Rhonda's cunt. As the cock sank into her Rhonda felt impaled upon it and opened
up like an orchid. Her pink woman's wound was pierced by her Dominatrix and she
struggled to get it all into her. The dildo seemed to go on forever and both
women were completely surprised when the rough canvas of Erin's shorts rubbed
right up against the velvety softness of  Rhonda's pussy. "Mmmmm, what would
your coworkers think of you now, Princess? I know you like to walk around like a
good little girl. Sugar wouldn't melt in your mouth would it? Well now that
you've had my cock in your mouth and ass and pussy we know that you really are a
very bad little girl and bad little girls have to pay."

	Before Rhonda could wonder at Erin's words she felt her withdraw and
slam back into her. Erin giggled at the discomfort she was putting her friend
through. Indeed the big cock was pushing against the big plug in Rhonda's ass on
it's way to bumping her cervix. Rhonda began howling and tried to get away, but
her much stronger friend was completely in control and slapped and pinched her
ass until she gave up trying to escape. "Be a good little girl and let Mama rape
you nicely," Erin cooed. Then she set again to pound away at Rhonda's slit
delighting in her howls and moans. As the thrusting continued Erin got into a
rhythm and saw her reflection in the dressing mirror. She was an American
goddess and filled with a sexual force that was channeled through the cock she
was pounding into the hole in front of her. Rhonda was her vessel to be filled
and her nymphette's body was youth and innocence perverted as she found the pain
in her cunt transform bit by bit into indescribable pleasure.

	Rhonda found that Erin's cock fucking her was hitting her in some very
sensitive spots. Every time it would poke exactly right there, for instance a
fresh flood of cream would ooze out over Erin's cock soaking the thighs of both
women. A gasp and a shudder would also affect Rhonda causing her to more tightly
grip the shaft with her cunt muscles. As these gasps and shudders were more and
more accompanied by moans Rhonda began moving back onto her friend like a
stabbing victim drawing herself onto her attacker's knife.

	"Play with your clitty, pussy cat.  I want you to meow for Mama." Rhonda
took a vibrator from in front of her and twisted the bullet until it began
humming. Rhonda had used it so much that even the sound of it made her pussy
wet. She pressed the pink bullet shaped vibe to her clit with one hand as she
pulled her lips up with the other. She looked like a woman lifting her skirts to
show her legs. What she was showing, however was a big red ruby of a clit,
swollen with blood and sensitive as a nuclear secret. "Mmmmmmooooooh! Mistress
fuck me harder, please!" Rhonda screamed as the combination of the vibrations
and the two invaders in her body brought her quickly to the onset of her orgasm.
"Please hurt me with that cock! Ooooooooohhhhhhh!"

	Erin smiled and gripped her sexy little friend hard. She began using her
as a man uses a jack off toy. Erin closed her eyes and began dancing to the
music Rhonda was making with her mouth. It was a seductive dance punctuated be
fierce thrusting movements of her hips. Erin flew her hands up into the air like
a belly dancer and swung her head wildly as she played porno films on the
insides of her closed eyelids. The entire time Rhonda was singing a wordless
tune that refused to be anything other than exquisite. It was more than music
and lighter than air and told of ages of lust and need buried deep within the
human soul.

	As Rhonda's song peaked along with her climax she gripped the cock in
her pussy and the plug in her ass with new found strength and timed her backward
lunges to meet the forward thrust of her dancing oblivious friend. There was a
new pain as Erin's hands raked her back with their red fingernails but the pain
only highlighted pleasure light a black velvet cloth offsetting a brilliant
diamond. As Erin heard Rhonda's screams change in pitch and felt it
infinitesimally harder to push the cock in and pull it out of Rhonda's screaming
cunt she grabbed Rhonda's plug and in time with the thrusts of her hips she
began to fuck Rhonda's ass with the lubed behemoth.

	Rhonda felt her floodgates open almost noiselessly and then as with any
great explosion the blast hit her hard and rocked her so that her song became a
series of screams and pleadings. As she felt her asshole being systematically
sodomized by her friend and Dominatrix she could not help but force herself back
upon said friend. She madly forced both implements into her cunt and asshole
deeply so that the dildo and the but plug would meet inside her like lovers
separated by a thin curtain; a thin curtain composed entirely of the flesh of
Rhonda, herself. It drove her insane with lust as the vibe carried her to
heights she had never before dreamt of. Finally, shrieking and spent, she
collapsed forward on the bed. Rhonda's pussy still fucked an imagined cock and
her asshole gripped the plug from its last insertion as she lay panting and
gasping unable to move.

	Erin took off her shorts and removed Rhonda's plug slowly. It eased out
and Rhonda wriggled sensuously. Erin lay down behind her in the spoon position
mashing her tits against her and kissing her back with soft languid kisses. "How
was that honey? Did I do good?" Rhonda sighed contentedly and said, "Yes, baby.
You did best." Erin smiled at hearing that and pressed even closer to her friend
as both women fell into a deep untroubled sleep. The two women lay like that for
two hours as the sun sank low and it's rays floated along the floor and over
their bodies suffusing them with a rich heavenly glow. They felt the warmth and
both rolled over on their backs spreading their arms like angels' wings.

	For more bondage and S and M fiction for free go to my new site:


http://www.kinkstop.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Rhetoric


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





