BDSM Library - Diary Of A Corrections Officer




Diary Of A Corrections Officer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female corrections officer learns how it feels to be forced to strip and be diciplined in front of strangers and a co-worker.
CORRECTION OFFICER The Real Story
By Realguy
After many years as a correction officer, I consider myself quite experienced at
my job, but it was not the case some many years ago. As always, in any
profession, when you think you have seen it all something happens that makes you
think twice. After many years I have decided to write about the experiences that
have impacted my life and career. I will keep it in the order as I experienced
them. Lots of the events, although fresh in my mind, happened many years ago.

Well, let me tell you about myself. I am thirty-eight years old and have been
married for the last twelve years to a wonderful man who is also a corrections
officer. It is my first marriage and both of us agree that we are made for each
other. I am a petite woman with no children. Somehow, something is wrong but I
won't get into that now. My height is five foot four inches without heels and I
currently weigh 119 pounds. I have shoulder-length, jet black hair and my skin
tone is fair. I do not spend too much time in the sun. I do work out several
times a week and my measurements are 32-24-34. I know self-defense and working
in the jail system has given me lots of experience on defending myself.

When I turned twenty-one and after working at different places and not getting
anywhere, my parents convinced me to work for the government. I remembered how
they would tell me that the benefits alone were worth it and you never have to
worry about layoffs. So I saw an ad in the local papers "correction officers, no
experience necessary, will train". That sounded like something I could do so I
applied, took the test and quickly found myself in the academy.

The first day, there were about twenty in the class. I'd say about twelve men
and eight women. When the instructor entered the classroom, there was a long
pause before he began to speak. "Well, if you are here looking for a plush and
easy job, this is not the place. Corrections officers are over-worked and
under-paid and there is no compensation for stress. The one thing you better
remember is that if the inmates take over, just grab your ankles and pucker up
your ass because it is theirs. If that does not sound like something you can
handle, you are welcome to leave and there will be no hard feelings." At that
point five of the women and two men quietly got up and walked out of the class.

With that the training officially began there were many weeks of training.
Mostly the do's and don'ts. The training also focused on riot training and I
could not forget the day we were in full riot gear in an isolated part of a jail
simulating regaining control. The gear was heavy it felt as if someone had
turned off the air conditioner. I could feel beads of sweat between my breasts
and legs, underneath the helmet I was wearing it was an oven. As our team
stopped and waited for further instructions, I looked into an empty cell and in
a daze, I wondered if I were ever captured by inmates I would find myself naked
in a cell and several of those animals having their way with me, and in front of
my co-workers. How terrible I would feel facing them, knowing they have seen me
used and abused. Suddenly the command was given and we continued the training.
At the end of the exercise, he said that we did well but in a real riot if we
gain control without losing a life that is good. I thought to my self I hope
that in real life I would not loose mine either.

After training I was assigned to a cycle in a street jail. The term "cycle" is
used to indicate the three months cycle to I will be working. They keep us
rotating to prevent anyone getting too close to the inmates (allowing to do
illegal things for profit ). I guess I do not need to get into details but you
can draw your own conclusions. The street jail was just were the local
authorities would just drop off those arrested and we held them till we had a
large enough group to transfer to the county lock-up. My shift was a three to
twelve. It really was hard to adjust at first because I was leaving for work at
two in the afternoon and I would finish at midnight. There went my night life
like I had a good one.

My supervisor was a woman in her late fifties and always talked about retiring
soon. Our team consisted of eight men and two women. At first I really felt
uncomfortable patting down the women and having them pull there bras loose and
feeling the crotch of their panties not to mention all the times I had to pull
up the hem of there dress to expose their panties. Being a woman I knew that I
was very uncomfortable for woman to be exposing themselves during a search.
Although there have been a few times I lifted the hem of a dress up to find a
bare crotch and ass. It took some getting use to it but I did, but nothing was
going to prepare me for what my supervisor had in store for me.

In training, I was made aware of cavity searches but thought it would be done by
someone else, until one day my supervisor called me to our isolation room. She
had radioed me for assistance so as I hurried to her I thought I was going to
encounter some rowdy drunk woman. You see we all have radios to communicate with
each other in case of emergency and this sounded like one of those situations.

I entered the room and my heart was pumping expecting a really bad confrontation
but to my surprise it was a woman that must have been in her late forties. She
was well dressed like some bank executive. Her perfume did not smell cheap but
fragrance filled the room and smelled pleasant. As I looked at the woman I could
see the fear in her eyes, they were glassy and I knew she was holding back
tears. My supervisor handed me a new pair of latex gloves and told me that I was
going to perform a cavity search. I though to myself as I looked at the scared
woman very carefully from head to toe, she could easily be my mother and I was
really not ready for this today but my supervisor interrupted my thoughts by
reminding me to do it just like I was trained to do.

I cleared my throat and explained to her that this was a routine search. ( I
lied to her trying to make her more relaxed ) I then asked her to please remove
her jacket and as she handed it to me slowly, I started to search the pockets. I
asked her to remove her blouse as I put the coat on a table we have in the room.
I continued to ask her for the next piece of clothing. Soon she was just in her
full slip. The next items were her shoes. I noticed the label inside that they
were expensive Italian shoes. She continued and removed her panty hose. ( I
tossed them into the garbage since they can be used as a weapon or even to
commit suicide ) She removed her full slip. She was now standing in her bra and
matching panties and I am sure when she put them on this morning she did not
think someone was going to see them. At this point she stopped and I waited in
silence until my supervisor told her that everything had to come off. Slowly she
removed her bra and again the pause, only this time I overcame my own fear and
repeated what my supervisor told her. I watched her slowly insert her thumbs
into the elastic waistband and begin to work them down her thighs and as she
handed her last piece of clothing to me as I began to admire her body. I thought
to myself I hoped I would have a body as nice as hers when I am that age.

I then asked her to place her feet apart even with her shoulders and squat three
times exposing her self to me. As she started I could her face was red with
embarrassment and humiliation. The rest of her body had a fair skin tone and I
also noticed several stretch marks on her belly. I assumed they got there while
she was pregnant. Her breasts were not too large but a good full size I asked
her to pull them up by the nipples and she did so as again her face turned red
with humiliation. I walked up close and began to look in her ears, mouth and I
asked her to run her hands through her hair. After that was complete I asked her
to run her hands through her pubic hairs. She did not have a bikini cut so there
was a lots of hair there. At this time, I knew what I needed to do next and my
hands became cold and clammy.

I had to be careful because there was so much sweat in the gloves that I thought
it could come off easily. Never in my life had I ever touched another woman
intimately. I could feel my stomach knotting up and I could feel how cold the
air-conditioner was. I asked her to spread her legs wider as I was trying to
gain enough courage to go through with this. I extended my middle finger and
slowly began to rub it back and forth not in a sexual manner but trying to find
the opening. It was dry at first but as I found the opening it seemed to be
getting wet and at this point I placed my other hand on her thigh and inserted
my finger as far as it would go.

The first time I have felt another woman! She was very warm. I know that my
hands must have felt cold to her but I was nervous this first time. As I removed
my fingers I knew that the next orifice would again be an experience also. As I
got back up, I told her to turn around and face the wall and place her hands up
to the wall for support and as she did again I thought to myself that she really
has a shapely and beautiful ass. Then for some reason I just stood there looking
at those white ass cheeks, my supervisors voice brought me back to what was to
happen so then I began to insert my middle finger into her ass. I could feel her
muscles clench my finger tightly. I then told her to relax her asshole so it
make it easier to insert my finger into her ass. ( it is funny I never use those
words ) I did not feel her relax and it was like something came over me like I
have never known. I felt wild some thing evil had possessed me and my left hand
I slapped her ass cheek as hard as I could, it sounded sharp as it echoed off
the cell walls and with one good strong push I just forced my finger into her
ass as far as it would go. She gasped and moaned and I could see the bottom of
her feet as she got on her tiptoes trying to escape my penetrating finger and as
I looked back at her ass I saw my hand print, and it was very visible on her
left ass cheek as I removed my finger and then I let her get dressed.

What a sensation, a rush like nothing I have ever felt before in my life and
could not describe what I felt at that instant. I stood there silently and could
not stop thinking about what had just happened, it made my body shake to the
bone. I could not control my thoughts, I almost had to pinch my self to get me
out of this trance I was in.

After dressing she still looked very attractive. I think if I had legs like hers
I would never wear pantyhose or stockings. Then my supervisor and the woman
which I degraded for some unknown reason to me exited the room. I remained and
collected my thoughts for some time, I could not believe what I had just done. I
continued the rest of my day normally but still, deep inside, I was shaking. I
kept on picturing that woman in the room totally naked while I penetrated her
most intimate openings.

As my supervisor and I were completing the days paperwork, I told how awful I
felt and that I could not imagine how that woman felt, how humiliated she must
have been, naked, in a room with strangers submitting to such an intimate
search. She explained that every one goes through that but after you do some
more it will feel so normal that it will be like doing paper work.

That night I did not have a peaceful nights sleep. I could not stop visualizing
the events that took place in that room. I think sometime later, I decided to
get something to drink. I knew that water or soda was not going to do the job so
I opened a bottle of wine that I had bought for some unknown reason and I drank
it until I fell asleep. The following weeks were uneventful. I do remember
mentioning to my supervisor several times about what I felt when I searched the
woman, intimately, that day. Mostly she would tell me that everyone goes through
that and soon I would not ever think twice about doing it again. I told her it
must be very hard for the woman being searched but she cut me off and told me
not to think about it. I never brought up the subject ever again.

One day, as we finished, we both walked out to our cars together. My supervisor
told me to meet her at the training center the next day. It was strange.
Normally, they would tell the whole team weeks ahead of time but I did not
question her. She also told me to dress pretty and as I asked her what she meant
by that she just replied to wear a nice dress. The next day when I woke, after
my usual shower, I then picked out one of my favorite going out dresses. It is a
red patterned dress, the hem about to the knees. ( Yes, at that age I was still
very modest. ) I wore the usual matching bra and panties, a full slip and panty
hose. Oh! I did not want to forget a pair of white heeled shoes. I applied some
blush to my face and I was on my way, to what I thought was a party.

I arrived at the training center where I came across Mr. Ferguson, he seemed
surprised to see me but I explained that I was instructed to be here for
training. He replied that he was not aware of any activity for today and he
continued to go his own way. He reinforced the idea that I had earlier, I must
be a surprise, so I continued into the section that we used to train in ( it is
a section of the jail that is used only for training and therefore it is always
empty. ) where I saw my supervisor.

As soon as we met, she spun me around and placed a set of cuffs on my wrist and
as a reaction I asked her what she was doing. She told me to stay quiet or else.
Soon she was marching me deeper in to the empty jail, she stopped and pushed my
face up against the concrete wall. At this point, I felt her pulling up the hem
of my dress and then felt her hand patting my crotch and groping my ass. She
grabbed my arm and pushed me down a corridor into an open cell with a steel
metal table attached to one of the walls. I knew what this cell was basically
used for and one of my worst fears was coming to life.

As she began to un-cuff my arms she told me to cooperate or she would radio some
of the male trainees to help me. Then she spoke the dreaded words " STRIP ". For
some reason my first reaction was to ask her if she was serious and just as I
finished saying that she slapped the side of my face with full force. I began to
cry and she continued her assault, I turned my back towards her trying to avoid
any more blows to my face when I felt her again tugging at my dress and then I
felt the stinging from my ass cheeks, she was spanking me. I was glad I still
had my panties and panty hose on, it did offer some protection to the constant
blows that I was receiving. Through my crying sobs I yelled my submission, I
told I would do whatever she wanted as long as she would stop hitting me.

As I tried to calm down, she repeated her earlier order to remove all my
clothes. I was trying to buy some time by removing my shoes first and then
slowly reached up into the elastic waist band of my panty hose and removed them,
reaching out to her and handing them out to her submissively. I felt strange
standing there barefoot, the cool concrete floor continued to remind me where I
was. She then interrupted my thoughts telling me that the next piece of clothing
I would be giving up better be my panties. I could feel my face blush as I
looked out at the cell opening and then turned to face the blank wall and began
to reach under my dress and to work my panties down my legs and stepped out of
them. As I handed them to her, she told me I was not going to need them any more
as she tossed them into a trash can. "We do not have all day, I want to start to
see some more skin." I began to undo the buttons on the front of my dress until
the dress slid down to the floor and puddled around my ankles as I stepped out
of it. I handed it to her. Now I just stood there in a cell with the cold floor
in my beige full slip that I knew would soon be taken off.

I could smell someone's fresh perfume but did not dare turn and look, fearful to
anger her further. She spoke loudly and I sensed her getting impatient. I
continued to face the concrete wall, closing my eyes tightly I reached for the
hem of my slip and worked it over my head and let it drop somewhere on the
floor. I felt my hands fondling the clasp of my bra as if they had a mind of
their own. I removed the last remaining article of clothing.

The silence was unbearable. I felt her eyes roaming my body, when to my
surprise, the voice of another woman who said, "I see you had to smack her ass".
I felt so humiliated standing naked in a cell with a woman that was talking
about my red ass and was getting ready to penetrate every opening on my body. My
supervisor and the other woman chatted together for a short time.

Standing completely naked and having a strange woman witnessing my degradation
was an indescribable feeling, my mind was in turmoil. I felt a hand grab the
back of my neck and force my face to the wall. I extended my forearms to support
myself and to keep my face from smashing into the wall, "oh my GOD" I gasped as
I felt a finger penetrate my asshole. It felt so large and as much as I tried to
relax my ass so it would not be so uncomfortable, it would automatically
tighten. I felt the tears rolling down my cheeks as she introduced what felt
like another finger. I managed to lift myself on my tiptoes trying to escape the
assault on my ass to no avail. She continued to work several fingers deeper into
my asshole and she twisted them inside. Suddenly she removed her fingers. My ass
continued to burn from the assault and I also realized it was not the only part
of my body that was burning.

The woman that witnessed my assault slapped my ass cheek very hard several
times. She then whispered into my ear, "Paybacks are a bitch, would you agree!"
I did not dare to look back. The woman began to caress my ass softly. It felt
good as her other hand roamed my thighs and gently rubbed my pussy. The cell
became quiet as the woman spoke to me telling me to turn around and as I did I
noticed it was the elegantly dressed woman I searched about a month ago. She
looked my naked body up and down as my supervisor threw my dress at me, telling
me to put it on.

Still shaken, I put on my dress and heeled shoes and nothing else and they told
me to get out of there or they would give me another good spanking. I quickly
ran passed them and walked quickly through the maze of corridors. I felt so
naked underneath. I could feel my naked thighs rubbing together and my breasts
bouncing with every step. As I turned the last corner heading out to the parking
lot, I ran into another corrections officer. He asked me if I was ok. I did not
answer him and continued out to my car. ( That man ultimately became my husband
but that's is another story ) As I sat in my car and began to drive home I could
still feel my ass cheeks burning from the spanking I received. The next two days
were my regularly scheduled days off, when I went back to work I was not sure
how I was going to act after what had happened. To my surprise, when I got to
work the tower informed me that I was to meet my new supervisor. My former
supervisor had completed her cycle and was transferred. Since then I never
forgot what happened and I also try to be easier on the women I strip search. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  realguy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





