BDSM Library - Aline




Aline
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young virgin is made the property of a wealthy man in the U.S. after it has become a dictatorship.
Aline:

The knock on the door was the sound I had been waiting for. I opened the door to
the suite that I keep in the hotel on a full time basis for just this purpose.
Aline was standing there, held in place by two matrons from the remote jail in
the basement four levels down.

Aline is obviously frightened, as well she should be. A week ago, she had been a
young, beautiful assistant at the bank at which I am the president. Four days
ago, she had been arrested for possession of two kilos of cocaine found in the
trunk of her car. The next day she was sentenced to death, and assigned to me as
property to "dispense with as you will". She received 2 days of preparation,
including: the complete shaving of her pubic area, detailed physical exam, a
series of videos explaining in graphic detail the types of punishment she was
likely to receive. This was followed by another series of videos, also
explaining in graphic detail how various types of sex are best performed by
young girls. Finally, there were hours of personal counseling by a female
counselor on how to best behave, in order to survive as property.

Now she stood in front of me trying not to tremble too much. I thanked the
matrons, and let them go, telling them that I would call them if I needed them.
I brought Aline into the suite and gently put my hand to the side of her face,
slowly kissing her on the lips. "Please come in", I said. To which she timidly
replied "Thank you Sir." Obviously, some of the preparation had gotten through.
She was so beautiful- all of 5'1"- maybe 102 lbs. Blonde hair to the middle of
her back. Blue eyes. Dressed tastefully in a black pants suit, with black
sandals. I led her through the suite, through the sitting area, and the mirrored
bedroom, into the "special room" equipped with the judicial bench, complete with
straps that would secure her legs, arms, and torso tightly into place. Her
immediate fear of the bench told me that she had seen a couple of videos of
sessions with girls that had needed  attention on it. Three feet from the bench
was a long table upon which were a number of different sizes of paddles, canes,
and straps. Her reaction to these also said that she had seen them on the
videos.

I told her softly, "I show you this first, so that you don't have any questions
about what can and will probably happen. This weekend you can spend a great deal
of time in this room, or not too much time. It will depend a great deal on your
performance and enthusiasm."  She could barely speak. She said "Please Sir, I
want to be a good girl. Please give me a chance to perform for you." I cupped
her face in my hands and kissed her again gently on the lips, saying, "I intend
to do exactly that."

I picked up a small rectangular paddle, about 15" long, and 3" wide from the
selection on the table, took her by the hand, and led her out of the "special"
room, through the bedroom, and out on the terrace. The terrace was my favorite
place in this suite. It was trellised and covered with vines, so that even
though it was only three floors up, and close to the street of this tropical
city, so that no one on the street could see into it, even though on the terrace
you could see and hear the street. The terrace was 30' long and 15' deep. There
was a dining table and four chairs. I put the paddle down on the table, and led
her  by the hand to the rail of the terrace. She came easily into my arms and
let me kiss her, leaving her mouth open for the entry of my tongue, which I did
not do for the moment.

I let go of her and said, "Would you please take your shoes off for me?" She
demurely nodded and stepped out of her shoes- now barefoot. I stroked the side
of her head gently, and said softly," Now, would you please take your pants
off?"  Again she nodded and looked down, very embarrassed. She unbuttoned her
pants, unzipped them, lowered them below her knees and stepped out of them.
"Where should I put them Sir," she said. I motioned to the table on the other
side of the terrace and said, "Why not over there?" She walked over to the table
slowly while I enjoyed the sight of her perfect legs, and folded her pants and
laid them on the table. She looked at me to see if I approved and I said, "You
know, while you're there, why don't you take your top off also?" She looked at
me and nodded again. There was a single zipper down the front of her top, which
she unzipped. Still looking at the floor, she took her top off, folded it, and
laid it on the table next to her pants and the paddle. She put her arms across
her chest to try and hide her 34"- C-cup perfect breasts, and I said, "Put your
arms down at your sides please". She answered, "Of course, Sir. I'm sorry for
trying to cover up. Please don't be angry at me."

I said, "Don't worry Aline, when I'm angry you will definitely know it. Now
please come over here."

She walked back and I took my time drinking in her sight, and taking her in my
arms. She responded as I held her and kissed her. Again her mouth opened for my
tongue, and this time it received it. At the same time, I cupped her bottom in
both of my hands and squeezed and massaged it.  I put my hands into the back of
her panties, and as I opened her ass cheeks with my hands, I put one of my
fingers into her anus up to the first knuckle. I felt her stiffen for a minute,
and then force herself to relax. I knew the reports from the doctor. At 22, she
was still a virgin. No one at my bank had ever been able to get past first base
with her. I suspected that she had never had someone finger her in the ass
before. Probably not in her pussy either. She told the counselor she had never
sucked a cock before. I brought her to the table, and sat down while she stood
in front of me with her breasts in my face. I cupped her ass in my hands and
kissed her breasts, breathing in her cleavage. I looked at her and said, "Now
are you still ready to be a good girl?"   "Yes Sir", she answered softly. "Good,
then take off your bra". This time she didn't hesitate. She unsnapped her bra in
the front, took it off, and laid it on her pants, still standing in front of me.
I drew her to me, and put her perfectly firm, and upright tits into my mouth one
at a time, paying attention to each nipple. Without stopping, I took her panties
down, and let her step out of them. I held her standing naked, out less than a
foot in front of me. I put one of my hands between her knees. "Open your legs a
little. Stand with your feet about a foot and a half apart."  She did. Slowly I
brought my hand up to the lips of her hairless pussy.  I looked up into her face
for a moment. She looked pleadingly at me for a moment, and then looked away. I
rubbed my fingers on the lips of her pussy, and slowly separated them. Slowly, I
put my middle finger all the way up into her cunt. She took a quick breath as I
felt the ring of her hymen encircle my finger as I continued entering her. The
doctor and counselor had been telling the truth! She was a complete virgin!

I looked at her face while I was fingering her, holding her by the ass with my
other hand, and intermittently kissed her tits, sucking and nibbling on her
nipples. "Now tell me what you're willing to do again for me?"  She looked away,
and then looked back at me. "I'll do anything Sir. Anything you want me to do. I
just want to please you. I just want to be your property. Please don't send me
to the school, Sir."  In the new dictatorship, once a girl was sentenced to
death, which could happen for a number of crimes, she became the property of
somebody, usually a rich or powerful man. That man had the authority to kill
her, which almost never happened.  Usually he made her a slave and had her
trained at one of the county reform schools where the girls would be trained for
obedience, submission, and sexual ability. While a girl was at a school, she
would be available to many men. Every man that had a girl in the school had
access to all of them. The teachers had access to all of them, and there were
many teachers. Some were policemen or prosecutors and judges that worked part
time as reform school teachers.   Some of them were quite brutal. The least a
girl could expect every day would be a very hard naked spanking, followed of
course, by some form of sexual submission. Aline knew all of this from the
videos, and had been told by the counselor, that I, like some very wealthy men,
didn't keep all my girls in the school. In point of fact, I kept as many as 10
girls of different ages in one of my homes, training them as I saw fit. This is
what she was thinking, as she stood naked in front of me with her legs open, and
my finger moving around in her tight little cunt. With my other hand, I slowly
put my middle finger halfway up her asshole. She closed her eyes and took
another deep breath. I asked her, "Is there anything you want me to teach you?" 
With her eyes still closed she answered, "Please Sir, Please teach me to suck
your cock properly".

I answered, "Oh don't you worry about that. You'll get more instruction about
that then you can imagine." I took both fingers out of her, and reached to one
of the other chairs, where there were wrist cuffs and a leather collar. I
quickly put them on her. I clipped the wrist cuffs together, and stood up.  I
picked up the paddle with one hand and stroked the side of her face with the
other. She couldn't take her eyes off the paddle. "But first, I think you need
to get a little understanding of what discipline feels like. I brought my hand
from her face to her tits, weighing each of them in my hand, while I gave her
nipples a little pinch between my thumb and forefinger. Still staring at the
paddle, she said, "Please....Please ..don't...please don't hurt me." She was
almost sobbing.  "How much you get hurt will depend on you. I think 20 whacks
here on terrace is a good start. If you beg, if you behave the way you were
taught yesterday, I'll probably begin teaching you how to suck my cock
afterward. But if you struggle in any way at all, I will bring you right into
the special room, and you will have a very, very long morning." Her eyes filled
with tears, and she said, "I'll be good Sir. I won't struggle. Please just give
me 20 whacks out here." I gave her nipples one more, good pinch each, and bent
her over one of the chairs, putting her cuffed hands on the seat of the chair.
"Spread your legs for me again" I said, and she did.  I stood next to her
rubbing the paddle on her ass, as I cupped her nearest tit in my hands. I
brought the paddle back and she held her breath.

WHACK!!!!!!   "Owwwwww.owww one Sir. Thank you Sir." It was a pretty hard whack.
A small donut began to form on her left ass cheek. WHACK!!!!!!! WHACK!!!!
WHACK!!!!! WHACK!!!!!!   "OWWW ..Thank you Sir. Thank you Sir. Oh  please Sir,
let me suck you. Please Sir, let me suck for you. I promise I'll be good! Please
Sir!!!"

WHACK!!!!! WHACK!!!!WHACK!!!!! "Owwww Owwww. " Please Sir,it hurts so much!" She
was sobbing. Tears were streaming out of her eyes down onto her hands, but she
knew not to move. WHACK!!!! WHACK!!!!! We were already up to 10. She was still
bent over the chair back, holding the seat with her hands. She sobbed profusely.
I told her to take a breath. By now she had four donuts forming, on the four
spots I had been paddling her. Each of her ass cheeks had a slightly red and
purple donut, as did each of the backs of her upper thighs. I told her stay in
that position, and not move while I went inside the suite to change into a terry
cloth robe. When I returned, she had not moved .  She did look up for a moment,
and her eyes widened when she realized that I was now holding a 30" long paddle,
which was also 3"wide. She whimpered just a little bit..  She knew better than
to protest. It was still better than a long session on the bench.

I laid the big paddle onto the table next to the smaller one. My intention was
to give her the last two whacks with the big paddle, and the next eight with the
smaller one. I wanted her to feel the sting of the bigger one, but at the same
time, I preferred to break her slowly. Leaving both paddles on the table, I
stepped to her side, where she was still obediently bent over the chair back.
With one hand I cupped her nearest tit, weighing and caressing it in my hand. My
other hand was on her ass, between her open legs, rubbing the lips of her cunt
with my middle finger, and then bringing it up between her ass cheeks to gently
prod her asshole a little bit open. "Try to open it up a little bit" I said.
"That's it, a little bit more, good girl." I couldn't help but admire the donuts
on the perfect shape of her ass and thighs. I rubbed them slowly and quite
lovingly. My cock was quite erect by now, and I was looking forward intensely to
all the different ways Aline was going to express her love for me this weekend;
and it was still only Friday morning!

I picked up the smaller paddle and began to rub her ass with it. She didn't sob,
but immediately the tears began to fall out of her eyes. "I would like to hear
'thank you Master' after each whack, this time. Is that clear?" Her voice was
just above a whisper. "Yes Master." "Also, don't ask me to let you suck again.
For the rest of this paddling, if you're going to ask me anything, please ask me
to use you. I want you to say, 'Please use me, Master'. Is that clear also?"  
She nodded, and said "Yes Master." All this time I had been rubbing her ass with
the paddle, and caressing her tits with my other hand. Now I brought the paddle
back very far, and put  more strength into my delivery. WHACK!!!! "Thank you,
Master!" WHACK!!!!    "OOOOOHHHH IT HURTS! Thank you. Master!"

I said, "Speak more loudly please Aline. I want people on the street to be able
to hear you as they walk by. Who knows? Maybe some of them know you, and will
recognize your voice."  WHACK!!!!!  "THANK YOU, MASTER. OH MASTER, IT HURTS!
PLEASE USE ME MASTER!!!! PLEASE USE ME NOW!!!" WHACK!!!!!!  "THANK YOU MASTER!!!
OH!! OHH!!! PLEASE MASTER, PLEASE, IT HURTS SO MUCH! PLEASE USE ME NOW!!!!!"
WHACK!!!!!!!! "OHHHHHH PLEASE STOP FOR A LITTLE WHILE MASTER!!!! I'LL BE GOOD!
PLEASE USE ME FOR A WHILE NOW! PLEASE GIVE ME THE OTHER 5 WHACKS AFTER YOU USE
ME!!!"

The thought of what people passing by must be thinking just inflamed me that
much more. The thought of this beautiful little virgin bent over in front of me,
begging me to use her sexually any way I chose, begging to do the very things
that had offended all of her delicate sensibilities just a few days earlier was
nearly overwhelming, but not quite. My erection could wait a few more minutes.
Her ass however, would not.

"Aline, I'm very sorry, but it's not 5 more whacks, it's 6. Remember when I
asked you to say 'Thank you, Master' after each whack? I'm afraid you forgot the
last one, and we're going to have to repeat it. Do you think you'll be able to
remember from now on?"

"OH OH  YES MASTER, I'm sorry. Please forgive me!" She was sobbing almost
uncontrollably, but she knew better than to move. The punishment videos had done
their job. "Of course I forgive you. Now shall we get to the last 6?"  I brought
my arm all the way back and aimed for the backs of her thighs. WHACK!!!!!!  
"OOOOHHHHHHH  OOHHHH  THANK YOU MASTER!!!!!! PLEASE MASTER, PLEASE USE ME
MASTER."  I aimed for her ass cheeks. WHACK!!!!!! "OOOOOOOOOOOOWWWW!!!! THANK
YOU MASTER! OH MASTER, IT HURTS TOO MUCH. PLEASE USE ME!! PLEASE STOP AND USE
ME!!!!!"  I brought my arm all the way back again, and delivered another to her
ass cheeks.  WHACK!!!!! "OOOOOHHHHH ITHURTS!!!!! THANK YOU, MASTER!!!!! PLEASE
STOP AND USE ME FOR YOUR PLEASURE MASTER!"  This next one was for her thighs.
WHACK!!!!! OW! OWWW! THANK YOU, MASTER! PLEASE STOP! PLEASE11 PLEASE USE
ME!!!!!!!" I put the paddle down on the table, and picked up the big paddle.

"Just 2 more whacks Aline, and then I'm going to give you a chance to perform.
However, I want your performance to be completely enthusiastic, so I'm going to
use the big paddle for the last 2 whacks. I want to remind you what will happen
if I get the slightest impression that enthusiasm lags in any way at all. Do you
understand me?" She was trembling as I rubbed the bigger paddle on her ass
cheeks. Her ass would be the target for the last 2. The donuts on her cheeks
were now purple, perfectly round and defined. They were like 2 bulls-eyes on 2
perfectly rounded, white globes.  "Yes Master." I brought my arm back, and Aline
sobbed in anticipation.  WHACK!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! AHHHHHHHH!!! THANK YOU
MASTER!! "Are you ready for the last one?"  "YES MASTER."   "Then please ask for
it."    "OH PLEASE MASTER, PLEASE GIVE ME THE LAST WHACK." This one would be the
hardest one-----WHACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!! "AHHHHHHH!!!!!!  AAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
OOOHHHHITHURTSSOMUCH!!!!!!! THANK YOU, MASTER!!!!!!!!! PLEASE MASTER!!! PLEASE
USE ME NOW! PLEASE USE ME MASTER!"

I told her to stand up straight, and unclipped her wrists, but left the cuffs
on. She was sobbing. Tears were streaming down her face, and she sobbed. I held
her in my arms and gently stroked the ass that I had just beaten, an ass that
had just been beaten for the first time, but not the last, not even the last
time today. I stroked it and told her it was ok, I would let her perform in a
second. She told me between sobs that she would be a good girl. As she stopped
sobbing, I kissed her deeply with my tongue. She responded with her own tongue,
and easily allowed my tongue all the way into her mouth. I continued to stroke
her sore, bruised ass, occasionally paying attention to her rectum with one of
my fingers. That rectum would see a great deal more attention by the end of the
day. I stroked her hair with my hand, and very casually continued with the same
hand to explore every part of her body; breasts, belly, pussy, legs, inner
thighs. It was a very sensual, ironically loving couple of minutes. I had my
usual sense of anticipation knowing that this beautiful virgin mouth that I was
deeply French kissing, was about to suck it's first cock, and swallow it's first
load of cum. Better yet, she knew it. I could feel her trepidation at the
thought that she might throw up afterwards, coupled with her terror of what
would happen if she did. Her burning ass was a perfect reminder as I stroked it.
The special agony of the last two whacks burned on her ass. She had a sense of
the pleasure I would derive from giving her ass a longer, deeper taste. As
frightened as she might be of what cum might taste like, she was much more
frightened of another paddling, especially 40 or 50 whacks with the big paddle.
She would not throw up. She had seen the videos on how to suck and swallow to my
taste. Other girls had done it. She could too.

I sat down on the chair she had been bent over for her paddling. I pulled her to
me by her waste. She put her arms around my shoulders, with her tits in my face.
I kissed them gently. I inhaled them as though there was some form of magic
there. She was standing between my legs. I stroked her and said, "Get on your
knees right here, please." Immediately she dropped to her knees. "Open my robe."
Her hands went to the belt of my robe, undid it and opened the robe completely.
Her eyes were riveted to my completely swollen cock less than a foot from her
face. It was 9" long and 2" inches thick. I think she had never seen one at this
range before. But she remembered the paddling and the videos. She licked her
lips, and opened her mouth a little. "You know what to do now, don't you. little
girl?"  She nodded. "Yes Master."  "Then do it." Her mouth opened more. She took
my cock and balls in both hands at the base. As she leaned into my cock, I took
her head in my hands, and watched as my cock disappeared into her mouth. She
buried it to the back of her throat encircling it with her tongue as she sucked.
This was not going to be a typical first time blow-job. The videos and the
paddle had done their jobs. Slowly she went up and down, up and down. I could
feel the back of her mouth, where it gets soft, on each down stroke. She kept
her lips wet and sucked, and made slurping noises as she went down and then up.
All the while she moved her tongue in circles around my cock. She was sucking
cock as though she thought her life depended on it, as though it were the only
thing in her universe. She wasn't trying to hurry my orgasm, but she knew it was
eventually coming, and she awaited it, knowing that she would swallow every drop
of cum. It wasn't enough for me, though. I had been through this with countless
girls, and I knew exactly what I wanted before I released.  Taking as much as
she did, she was only getting 4 or 5 inches of my cock into her mouth. I wanted
the whole thing buried repetitively. The back of her mouth was not nearly deep
enough. I demanded complete entry into the small of her throat, deep into the
small of her tight, little, virginal throat!

Taking her firmly by the hair, with my cock in her mouth, I said, "Take a deep
breath now. That's it. Take more down now. Swallow it into the small of your
throat. You know what to do. Swallow it down." She gagged for a second as she
swallowed it, her throat expanded around it, and it slid another 4 inches into
the tight little part her throat. She fought the gag reflex down, and overcame
it as my cock slid in and out, in and out. She couldn't use her tongue at all
now, but her throat massaged my cock all over, and much more than her tongue
possibly could. I was completely buried in her mouth and throat. Her hands
massaged my balls as the videos had instructed. They began to contract as my
orgasm began to erupt. I brought her head up a little bit, with my cock buried
in her mouth, but not in her throat. The first spurt shot into the back of her
mouth. She tensed for a second even though she was expecting it. I felt her
first gulp. I think she was afraid the second spurt would overflow her mouth if
she didn't start swallowing immediately. She was terrified of that happening. So
the first gulp was desperate. I could feel her thoughts and feelings as we
connected. I spurted again. And she swallowed with a second gulp. I put pressure
on her head letting her know that I wanted my cock back inside that tight little
part of her throat, that she would need to swallow the rest of my come as it
spurted in her throat. She took a quick breath and swallowed it down. I felt
that wonderful popping sensation as I slid into the tight part of her throat. I
spurted again and felt her gag slightly as she continued swallowing. To her it
was like she was swallowing my cock and my cum together. Three more spurts.
Three more swallows. In and out of her throat. In and out. My hands continued to
guide her on the back of her head. One hand held her by the hair firmly. The
other was at the base of her head, helping her open her throat again and again.
Finally I finished coming. She kept my cock in her mouth, massaging it with her
tongue. I could sense her relief, that she hadn't thrown up, and that she had
swallowed everything without losing a drop of cum. I don't think she really had
time to think about what it tasted like until it was over. I told her she could
take my cock out of her mouth. She took a breath, and said, "Thank you Master,
for using me." I took her head in my hands, kissed her lightly on the lips I had
just ravished, and said, "You're very welcome. Why don't you go into the
bathroom? There's a toothbrush in there for you. Brush your teeth. You don't
have to keep the taste of cum in your mouth right now. You're going to have
plenty of opportunities to get used to that taste, and a few other tastes. Go
ahead." I gave her nipple a pinch to get her going. She hopped up, and I whacked
her on her bare, bruised bottom with my hand as she hopped again, ran into the
bathroom .




Chapter 2. 

As she brushed her teeth, and rinsed out her mouth in the bathroom, I reflected
about how quickly things had changed in our society. Just a few years earlier,
the situation I now enjoyed would have been impossible. It would have been
possible for a very rich man to pay a girl a large ongoing amount of money for
her to act as his sex-slave for an extended period of time. But it would have
been utterly impossible to actually own 30 or more girls of various ages, and
have the absolute freedom to do absolutely anything with them that you chose.
Then came a series of increasingly deadly terrorist attacks in which tens of
thousands of people had died. People traded their safety for their freedom.
Martial law was declared. The death penalty was widely imposed. Habeas Corpus
was forgotten. Secret trials became standard. Oddly, family values became the
overriding propaganda tool. Rather then execute criminals, especially women, why
not try to rehabilitate them? Why not try to rehabilitate them from criminals
into loving submissive wives for the men trying to save our society. They would
be brought back eventually as new people, with new lives. True, they would never
have the freedom they once abused, but it was a noble idea. It became a noble
idea for some man to have many wives, or concubines, all of whom were in the
process of rehabilitation. Reform schools grew all over the country, in which
girls were rehabilitated by their owners, and their teachers. Women that
complained often found themselves convicted of a serious crime. The system
worked. I routinely walked through the many offices of  my bank, meeting all the
thousands of employees we had, taking special note of the cutest young girls we
hired. Our Vice President of Human Resources had a number of girls in reform
schools, and had instructions from me that cute young girls would always be
hired. When I chose a girl, Security would handle the terms of her arrest and
conviction. I would have her delivered to my suite from the remote jail
downstairs, and would spend a few days enjoying her, before deciding whether to
send her to one of the reform schools, where I would periodically visit her, and
enjoy her progress. Occasionally I would take a girl into one of my homes, in
which she would be one of 10 or so girls that I enjoyed frequently. These 10
girls were also a good source of entertainment for my more important business
associates. This was a decision I would have to make soon about Aline.

I was ordering lunch for both of us from room service when she returned from
brushing her teeth. I ordered her to kneel facing the corner of the terrace.
"Put your head to the floor, with your ass up in the air. I want the waiter
serving us to be able to get a complete view of the donuts on you ass and
thighs. Spread your feet apart. I want you to give a perfect view of your rectum
and pussy. That's it." She complied immediately. The waiter arrived with lunch,
and set up the table and food. "Very nice view Sir" he said appreciatively. He'd
seen this view before and liked it. I signed the check and dismissed him. I
called Aline over to sit down, which she did on the wooden chair. Sitting on it
was a little painful after her paddling. She ate silently, squirming on the
chair occasionally. She made no attempt to conceal any part of her nakedness,
going so far as to keep her knees apart so that I kept a clear view of her
pussy, which I occasionally reached over to stroke. "I think after lunch, this
is going to be next." I said. She demurely responded, "Yes, Master. I only want
to please you." Chapter 2. 

As she brushed her teeth, and rinsed out her mouth in the bathroom, I reflected
about how quickly things had changed in our society. Just a few years earlier,
the situation I now enjoyed would have been impossible. It would have been
possible for a very rich man to pay a girl a large ongoing amount of money for
her to act as his sex-slave for an extended period of time. But it would have
been utterly impossible to actually own 30 or more girls of various ages, and
have the absolute freedom to do absolutely anything with them that you chose.
Then came a series of increasingly deadly terrorist attacks in which tens of
thousands of people had died. People traded their safety for their freedom.
Martial law was declared. The death penalty was widely imposed. Habeas Corpus
was forgotten. Secret trials became standard. Oddly, family values became the
overriding propaganda tool. Rather then execute criminals, especially women, why
not try to rehabilitate them? Why not try to rehabilitate them from criminals
into loving submissive wives for the men trying to save our society. They would
be brought back eventually as new people, with new lives. True, they would never
have the freedom they once abused, but it was a noble idea. It became a noble
idea for some man to have many wives, or concubines, all of whom were in the
process of rehabilitation. Reform schools grew all over the country, in which
girls were rehabilitated by their owners, and their teachers. Women that
complained often found themselves convicted of a serious crime. The system
worked. I routinely walked through the many offices of my bank, meeting all the
thousands of employees we had, taking special note of the cutest young girls we
hired. Our Vice President of Human Resources had a number of girls in reform
schools, and had instructions from me that cute young girls would always be
hired. When I chose a girl, Security would handle the terms of her arrest and
conviction. I would have her delivered to my suite from the remote jail
downstairs, and would spend a few days enjoying her, before deciding whether to
send her to one of the reform schools, where I would periodically visit her, and
enjoy her progress. Occasionally I would take a girl into one of my homes, in
which she would be one of 10 or so girls that I enjoyed frequently. These 10
girls were also a good source of entertainment for my more important business
associates. This was a decision I would have to make soon about Aline.

I was ordering lunch for both of us from room service when she returned from
brushing her teeth. I ordered her to kneel facing the corner of the terrace.
"Put your head to the floor, with your ass up in the air. I want the waiter
serving us to be able to get a complete view of the donuts on you ass and
thighs. Spread your feet apart. I want you to give a perfect view of your rectum
and pussy. That's it." She complied immediately. The waiter arrived with lunch,
and set up the table and food. "Very nice view Sir" he said appreciatively. He'd
seen this view before and liked it. I signed the check and dismissed him. I
called Aline over to sit down, which she did on the wooden chair. Sitting on it
was a little painful after her paddling. She ate silently, squirming on the
chair occasionally. She made no attempt to conceal any part of her nakedness,
going so far as to keep her knees apart so that I kept a clear view of her
pussy, which I occasionally reached over to stroke. "I think after lunch, this
is going to be next." I said. She demurely responded, "Yes, Master. I only want
to please you."




Chapter 3

There is an ancient, mystical, myth that goes something like this. At the
beginning of the Universe, almost everything was divided into Masculine and
Feminine energy. Feminine energy wanted to leave and form a separate Universe.
She was pursued and caught by Masculine energy, which sought to join by force,
and pierce and dominate Feminine energy. Since that time, these forces have been
joined together in a cataclysmic dance. All energy and matter is somehow imbued
with this Singularity of Consciousness, as Masculine and Feminine energy strive
to finish this reconciliation, playing it out throughout the Universe.

 As we ate lunch in silence, I enjoyed the view of her naked, sitting next to
me. Her body was actually quite perfect. I reflected a bit on how our country
had become the dictatorship. First had been the attack on the Twin Towers. Then,
there occurred a couple of serious biological attacks killing a few hundred
thousand people. Finally, there were explosions of a few suitcase nukes that
weren't supposed to exist. Habeas Corpus was immediately terminated. Secret
trials became legal. Secret death sentences became legal. Drug crimes became
even more heinous because the terrorists used drugs to raise money. People
traded their safety for their freedom. We used Democracy to end Democracy. If a
person was sentenced to death for a crime other than treason, they were
rehabilitated. They never gained freedom again, and always remained in slave
status, but they were alive. Girls that were attractive were consigned to
special reform schools that were operated by the powerful and influential men of
society. These girls were broken and compliant, and were often used a number of
times every day. They ranged in age from 13 to 40. There were many schools in
every county. Other girls became one of many wives or concubines of powerful
men.  Often I would marry one off to another man as a reward. He would get an
obedient, submissive wife or concubine whose main goal in life was pleasing him.
Occasionally these men would bring their wives to my home for dinner. They would
be entertained by one of my newer girls, and I would spend part or all of the
evening with the man's wife. Sometimes we would all spend some time together.
The System worked. People felt that they had more safety. The President was a
dictator with absolute power. The wealthy elite had privileges that gave them
the use of the absolute power they had always desired over a number of girls and
women. This was Aline's position now- utter vulnerability and utter
availability. I was about to spank her somewhat brutally, and deflower the
virginity she had protected for so long. I knew that and she knew it. I savored
the moment. She trembled slightly.

I finished lunch and took her by the hand into the bedroom part of the suite. I
went to the night-table beside the king sized bed. I took out a few things: a
tube of KY Jelly, a couple of very small paper cups, and a couple of latex
gloves. I walked to the foot of the bed, and sat on the bench that that was next
to the foot of the bed. I motioned Aline over to me, and she complied
immediately. She stood in front of me. I opened her legs about a foot with one
hand, and put my arms around her waist. She put her arms around my shoulders as
I buried my face in her breasts, inhaling them as I kissed them. I opened her
ass cheeks for a moment, and put my middle finger halfway into her rectum. She
didn't tense at all. After a minute, I took my finger out of her, and clipped
her wrist cuffs back together. I took her across my lap, positioning her to my
preference, towards the end of my lap with her torso not on the bench, but
rather tilting toward the floor, which she touched with her hands. Her bare
bottom faced upward right on my lap, and her legs tilted down toward the floor
at a 45 degree angle.


This gave me a perfect view of her ass, rectum, vagina, and upper thighs. I
rubbed her ass, and gently finger the openings of her rectum and pussy. With my
other hand I caressed and weighed each of her breasts. On her ass I could feel
the raised part of the donuts, partly purpled from the mornings paddling. I
asked her how many whacks she thought I should give her? She responded, "UMM,
50, Sir?"

I replied, "Oh I think the number is more like 3 or 4 hundred. If you ask
nicely, maybe we can take a break at 150 or 200. You can cry, and you can beg.
But understand this, if you struggle, you will go right into the special room.
Is that clear?"

She whimpered, and answered "Yes, Master."

Some men like to give long, slow, and hard spankings. They will space their
whacks out by as much as 30 seconds. A 100 whack spanking can take half an hour,
or longer. Other men like to give a spanking with less hard whacks as quickly as
every second. A thousand whacks like this can produce many tears in 15 or 20
minutes. I generally spank my girls hard, but with a whack every 3- 5 seconds.
Generally, I will give my girls 150 whacks in 10 minutes. For the girls, it is
an extremely long 10 minutes. Aline was about to have a long half an hour.

The mirrors allowed me to watch her face, and it's expressions as well as her
ass and legs. I looked into the mirror, and through it, into her eyes. She
looked at me pleadingly for a moment, and then looked at the floor. I held her
back with one arm as I brought the other all the way up. By the third whack she
was squealing "OWWW!"  By the 10th whack she was almost shouting it. By whack 20
she crying. Tears were pouring out of her eyes. The expression on her face
radiated the pain. Her eyes were locked on my hand in the mirror. She knew
better than to clench her ass, or squirm in any way.

By 50 she was sobbing and begging me to stop. Her eyes were red from the flow of
her tears. The expression on her face said "PLEASE STOP! I'LL DO ANYTHING! FUCK
THE VIRGINITY OUT OF ME! FUCK MY ASS! FUCK MY THROAT! LET THE WAITER FUCK ME!
ANYTHING!"  But what she asked with her mouth was for me to please stop and take
a break. At 100 she was wailing. Ten minutes into her spanking, at 150 whacks, I
stopped.

She continued crying for another 2 or three minutes while I rubbed her bottom. I
told her that it was O.K., and that we could take a little break. I asked her,
"Do you mind if I finger your ass for a little while?"

She looked at me in the mirror, and shook her head and sniffling, said "Please
Master, anything you want. I just want to make you happy. Please finger my ass."

I opened the tube of KY Jelly, and squeezed out half of it into the paper cup I
had set on the foot of the bed. I pulled a latex glove onto the hand I had been
spanking her with. Aline didn't watch any of this. Her head hung towards the
floor as she took a number of deep breaths. I liberally swirled two gloved
fingers through the KY, completely covering them. With my other hand, my fingers
opened her ass cheeks. I brought the two fingers up to her rectum and inserted
them with a pop. Aline moaned, but didn't squirm or object. She knew better.
Casually, but gently, I put them all the way into her rectum as far as they
would go. I began to move them around in a circular motion. She continued
moaning with the pain.

I pulled my fingers out, and immediately the sphincter of her asshole puckered
shut. "Try to keep it open when I take them out." I told her. Immediately, I
plunged both of them back in, moving them in that circular motion. I continued
this for another 5 minutes, taking my fingers out every 30 seconds or so. Each
time her asshole puckered shut. Each time my fingers plunged back in. Finally,
after the 10th reaming with two fingers, her asshole quivered and twitched, and
stayed open. It looked like an open volcano. "That's it. Just like that!" She
kept it open for another 30 seconds, and it puckered shut.

I re-lubricated my fingers and plunged them gently into her again. She continued
moaning, but didn't complain. I told her that I wanted her to keep her ass open
for a full minute. I told her that soon a number of men would take her in the
ass in succession, and that I considered it to be good manners for my girls to
be able to extend an open invitation to each of them, after the first. She
couldn't manage to keep it open for the next five minutes of two fingered
reaming for more than 30 seconds. She certainly did moan. Finally, when I was
just about to start using three fingers together, her asshole twitched and
stayed open for a full minute in a perfect stove-pipe.  I said, "That's it. Good
girl. That's perfect. She whimpered on my lap taking deep breaths.

I took the latex glove off, and said, "OK, Little one, break times over. For the
next hundred and fifty whacks, I want to hear you. Is that clear?"

She whimpered, unable to look at me, and said, "Yes Master." Almost in a
whisper. I brought my hand up all the way.

This time she sobbed on the first whack.  By 10 tears were streaming from her
face. By 20 she was wailing and begging loudly. She begged me to fuck her all
day. "PLEASE,PLEASE TAKE MY VIRGINITY!!!" She begged me to use her any way I
chose, with whomever I chose. By 100 I felt sorry for her, but not sorry enough
to stop until 150.

She sobbed for another 5 minutes, while I rubbed her bare bottom, occasionally
rubbing the lips of her pussy. I lifted her up to sit on my lap, and held her in
my arms, and kissed her eyes. I led her by the hand to the side of the bed, and
had her sit on it. I opened the belt of by robe, which was level with her eyes.
Her eyes immediately locked on my fully engorged cock. My hands were on her
shoulders as I took a step forward to bring my cock to her lips. She
automatically opened her mouth to receive it. I took her hair in a ponytail in
my hand and slid it into her mouth, feeling the pop of her throat as my cock
invaded it fully and freely. I gave her 6 or 7 full strokes like this, and took
my cock out of her mouth. I bent down taking her face in my hands, and deeply
French kissed her. She looked up at me and said, "I love you, Master."

I looked down at her and said, "I want you to remember that while you're giving
yourself to me." I pushed her backward onto the bed gently. I took my robe off,
and straightened her up on the bed, getting into it with her. I moved on top of
her, kissing her deeply, as I held her ass with both of my hands. She
immediately opened her legs and wrapped them around my hips. She had learned
well from the videos.

I put the head of my cock between the lips of her pussy, and began to slowly,
but forcefully, push it in. It felt like a closed fist being forced slowly open.
Aline whimpered and moaned. Finally, as I had the head of my cock completely in,
she whispered, "I love you Master!" This would be one of two sentences she would
repeat over the next fifteen minutes. The other would be, "Oh Master, it hurts!"
Followed by, "I love you, Master!" I got half of my cock past her hymen, and it
still held me fast. I pushed harder as I put one of my middle fingers all the
way up her ass. I could feel my cock through the walls of her vagina and colon.
Finally, her hymen started to tear. I felt her shudder as I pushed it all the
way into her. All nine inches. Through her tears, she kissed me on the neck, and
again told me she loved me.

For the next ten minutes my cock sawed in and out of her. She kept her legs
wrapped around my hips, and continued to profess her love. I kept my finger all
the way up her ass, feeling my cock give her virgin pussy 300 strokes in and
out. She didn't complain and continued to profess her love. Finally, I felt my
climax coming. She sensed it, and began to breathe deeply and heavily as her own
release approached. As I spurted I could only see white light. I was slamming
into her, and her hips responded back. I could sense the essence of her being,
as her I heard her tell me again that she loved me. She shouted it. It was like
a sexual collision. The spanking had brought her to this point as much as the
sex. I finished coming on the sixth spurt. I gave her ten more strokes, slowing
down. For another five minutes I stayed on top of her, and inside of her. She
kept her legs wrapped around me as her breathing slowed. I kissed her on the
mouth and the side of her face, as I withdrew my penis from her now opened
vagina, and at the same time, my finger out of her ass. I rolled onto my back,
still holding her in my arms. She told me she loved me again, as I kissed the
side of her face. Within minutes, she was asleep in my arms.

For the next twenty minutes I held her in my arms, listening to her sleep. Then,
softly I got out of bed to take a shower. I dried off, and put street clothes
on. I called downstairs to the remote jail and ordered the councilor to come up
in ten minutes and awaken Aline with two matrons. I ordered her to be given a
shower and a shampoo. I ordered a stylist to blow her hair out. I wanted her
bottom and thighs rubbed out with an aloe, vitamin E cream.  I then wanted her
to be given a 2 quart enema, and thoroughly evacuated. I ordered that she be
left for me in the special room, bound face down over the judicial bench. I
wanted her secured by her hands, knees, and waist. Her ass, mouth, and vagina
were to be completely available. I wanted this complete within an hour. The
councilor replied that this would be no problem. I thanked her and hung up. I
went over to Aline, who was sleeping peacefully, kissed her on the cheek, and
left the suite.




Chapter 4

I stood across the street from the hotel for a few minutes after leaving my
suite. I stood there because I was listening to another man with a girl on the
terrace. She was howling, shrieking really. "OOOWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!. THANK YOU
SIR!!!!! PLEASE USE ME UP MY ASS PLEASE SIR! PLEASE SIR, PLEASE STOP!!!
OWWWWW!!!!!! PLEASE USE MY ASS SIR!!!!!!! 

I didn't recognize the girl's voice, and there were probably 25 or 30 men with
permanent suites in this hotel. It took at least that many to justify a remote
jail in the basement to support them. From the sound of her screams I assumed
that she was across a punishment bench that was on the man's terrace. I couldn't
see him because, the terrace was behind a vine covered terrace. I could sure
hear him though, or better said, I could sure hear the girl that was with him. I
thought it was probable he was using a cane, since I couldn't hear any kind of
whacks. Her level of expressed pain at each whack was beyond anything but a
paddle or cane. I counted 25 strokes and imagined what the stripes must have
looked like on her ass and legs.

The thing that was more riveting than the girl was the response of the
pedestrians passing by on the street. It was impossible to not hear it. The
girls wails and begging were pitiful. But the people passing by on foot were
stony faced, refusing to look at each other, trying to pretend that they heard
nothing at all. I realized again that these people had agreed to be ruled by
fear in order to escape the fear that their personal lives might be threatened.
They were hearing the threat in someone else's life, which was infinitely
preferable to fear about their own lives.

It struck me as ironic that fear was also the tool that I employed most with
Aline, as well as all my other girls. She was so afraid of being put into a
county school that she would do anything to make herself love me and please me.
She would force herself without even realizing it, to love me with all of her
heart. It was a variation of what a psychologist had labeled Stockholm Syndrome
50 years earlier.

After about 25 strokes, the girls wailing stopped. I momentarily visualized her
rectum being introduced to the joy of sex with her owner, and then walked down
the street to a women's boutique. I knew the owner, and rather quickly bought a
size 2, black cocktail dress with a pleated skirt, and a pair of four inch,
black sandal type pumps, size five. I also bought the skimpiest thong, string
bikini she had. I went back onto the street and called a friend of mine on my
cell phone. I invited him to dinner that night with Aline and me, in a private
dining room, at the hotel restaurant. He planned on bringing one of his newer
girls that he thought I might enjoy. I continued on to a street cafe, and
ordered a latte, which I proceeded to drink slowly as I watched the world go by.
Occasionally I would take note of a very pretty girl and make eye contact with
her, after she felt my eyes on her ass, and would turn around to see who it was.
Very occasionally in this practice, perhaps once every 2 months, I would take
special note of the girl, and get her profile. Often after that, the girl would
find herself arrested and convicted, and then in the same position that Aline
now was, secured over a punishment bench with a very clean colon.

That reminded me that it was time to go. An hour and a half had transpired. It
was 4:00PM, and Aline had been over the bench, fully arranged, for half an hour.
As I entered the suite I went directly into the special room. Aline could hear
me, but not fully see me. She was so beautiful on that bench. She was securely
bent over it face down. Her arms were strapped to the two front legs above her
elbows. Her legs were strapped to the two rear legs above her knees. There was
another strap across the top of it that secured her waist. Her breasts were free
of the front edge, which also left her head at waist level, and her mouth
completely available. Her ass was jutting outward, and a little upward, because
of the way her legs were cinched. This position left her ass and thighs
completely accessible to a paddle or a cane. It also left her pussy and rectum
interchangeably available.

She whimpered slightly as she finally saw me. She said, "Please Master, I'll be
good. You know I will."

I responded, "I know you will Aline. That's not why I'm going to do this to
you." There were a number of paddles and canes on the large table a few feet
away. There was also a tube of KY, a number of paper cups, a box of latex
gloves, and a couple of 10 inch, hard, plastic dildoes. I stroked her ass and
back with my hand. It was such an amazingly beautiful sight! The lips of her
vagina quivered, not telling half of what had occurred there earlier. She knew
her rectum was about to get further education, and it hovered in front of me as
work of art. The four black and blue donuts on her ass cheeks and thighs were
still completely visible. I wanted to deepen them. But first, I wanted to widen
her rectum a little bit.

I opened a tube of KY, and squeezed a very generous portion of it into a paper
cup. I picked up a ten inch dildo. It was a little over 2 inches thick. I
swirled it in the paper cup, covering the first four inches in KY. I opened her
ass cheeks with my free hand, and without any preamble, popped it into her
rectum. She whimpered for a second, and took a deep breath. I took 3 seconds to
gently, but purposefully put it all the way up her, nine and a half inches. She 
moaned, but didn't complain or whine. She knew better. I moved it around inside
of her rectum to widen her more, as she continued to moan. After 2 minutes, I
took it out. Her rectum quivered but stayed open, a stovepipe effect. I waited
30 seconds. It stayed open, an invitation to be invaded again. I put it all the
way back in, and moved it around inside her more aggressively, stretching her
bowels more . She didn't complain. After three minutes more I took it out, and
her rectum gaped open for a full two minutes. It finally puckered shut, and I
invaded again, just as aggressively, for another 10 minutes. This time, when I
took it out, her ass held the invitation open for three full minutes. All
through that time, I lovingly stroked her ass, and back, and breasts with my
hands. Finally, it quivered, and puckered shut.

I put the dildo down and picked up a 20 inch paddle. She continued to whimper. I
rubbed it against her ass tenderly and said, "I think I'm going to give you
another 20 whacks Aline. I want those donuts to really be highlighted tonight
and tomorrow. You know what to ask for while I'm doing it, don't you?"

She whimpered, "Yes Master." 

I brought my arm back all the way. WHACK!!!! "OOOOOOHHHHHH!!!OOOHHHHHH!!!! 
THANK YOU MASTER!!!"

WHACK!!!WHACK!!!!!WHACK!!!!! "OOWWWWWWWW!!!!! THANK YOU MASTER. PLEASE USE ME IN
MY ASS PLEASE MASTER!!!"

WHACK!!! WHACK!!! WHACK!!!! WHACK!!!!WHACK!!!!  "OOOH IT HURTS!!!PEASE USE MY
ASS MASTER!!!!!

And just like that 10 whacks were over. She was wailing and sobbing. I stopped
for a minute to rub her ass and breasts, and to let her catch her breath. The
donuts were much more raised, and would be clearly visible for a few days. I
brought my arm all the way back, and brought it down with all my strength.

The next 10 whacks were over in a minute. She shrieked. Struggling against the
bonds were impossible. But she begged beautifully. She implored to take her to
the bed and fuck her deeply in the ass. She begged me to stop. She told me she
would keep her ass open for anybody, anytime. She begged me to stop again. She
repeated that she would do anything. And then it was over.

I rubbed her bottom and thigh backs for a couple while she stopped sobbing.
Finally, I released her arms and legs and waist from the bench. She was a little
wobbly as she got off of it, completely nude. I walked her into the bedroom part
of the suite, and brought her next to the bed. I told her to get onto her knees,
and she did so immediately. I took my shirt off, and my shoes. I walked back to
her, and six inches in front of her face, opened my belt and pants.  Without a
word, she brought her hands to my pants and lowered them. She took the bottom of
my cock into one hand, and my balls into the other. I watched as she opened her
perfect mouth. And began to worship my cock with her mouth and her throat. She
sucked, slurped, tongued, and buried it into the tightest part of her throat.

I let her do this for 30 seconds, and I pulled her head off of it. I looked down
at her face and said, "Take my pants and socks off please." She lowered my pants
to the floor as I stepped out of them. She took my socks off one at a time, and
then lowering her head and wrapping her arms around my feet, she slowly kissed
each of them.

I quickly went to the special room and brought back the tube of KY, and stood in
front of her face again. "Hold up your hands." I said. She complied. I squeezed
another generous amount of KY onto them.

I said, "You know what to do." She applied the KY completely over my throbbing
cock.

I lifted her up to stand and took her in my arms and kissed her deeply. She took
a breath and said, "Please Master, Fuck me in the ass." It was almost a whisper.
I kissed her again and put a big pillow in the middle of the bed. I layed her
over it face down with her ass raised up about six inches. I knelt behind her,
and spread her legs slightly. With one hand I separated her ass cheeks. With the
other, I guided my cock to the center of her rectum. I leaned forward and pushed
it into her, feeling her rectum pop as it entered. I put both of my arms around
her neck as I lowered  myself fully onto her back. In the same motion I levered
all 9 inches of my cock into her rectum. She moaned, took a breath and kissed my
forearms, which were now in front of her face. I kissed the side of her face and
asked her how she felt.

She said, "Oh it hurts Master. I love you Master." Tears were falling out of her
eyes onto my forearms as she continued to kiss them and profess her love for me.
I continued sawing in and out of her ass, and kissing the side of her face,
shoulder, and neck from behind.

The Asians call this act "Plowing in the fragrant fields", but for me, and many
men, it is the ultimate form of submission for our girls. I believe this is
because the girl is yielding herself in a way that hurts her while giving her
Master great pleasure. When she does this while she professes her love, it takes
me to a different place, a place that tenderness and dominance, collide and
merge. This is what Aline did for me for the next half an hour. I sawed in and
out of her rectum. She cried all the while and kissed my tear stained arms. She
confessed her love for me. And I used her without mercy in her ass. Finally, I
could no longer contain myself. I came inside of her ass, and for just 20 or 30
seconds, I merged with her and felt all of her feelings.

I left my cock inside of her rectum for another couple of minutes while it
slowly withered and shrank. All the while I kissed her from behind. She rested
her head on my arms. I pulled my cock out with a small pop and got off her. I
walked to the bathroom and took a 30 second shower, rinsing my cock off. I
walked back into the bedroom area after drying off. She was asleep and she was
still beautiful. I got back into bed and put my arms around her and kissed her.
Rather quickly, I fell into a Beta wave, golden sleep with her.




Chapter 5

She walked next to me down the hallway of the hotel on our way to our dinner
engagement. She looked amazingly beautiful. Most of the men we passed in the
hallway couldn't stop themselves from staring. She was dressed in the cocktail
dress and pumps I had picked up for her earlier in the day. Her breasts were
visible through the material, and her cleavage was completely visible through
the cut of the dress. They were completely perpendicular to her body, not
touched by gravity. The hem of her dress was at the middle of her thigh. The
skirt portion was pleated and quite loose, but still clung to her ass, leaving
nothing to the imagination while she walked.

I had given her a few supplementary instructions before we left the suite for
dinner. I told her that she was to address every man as Sir, including the
waiters. She was not to have any part of her dress between her chair and her
bottom when she was seated. The dress had room to allow her to hold it out as
she sat. She was to treat any request from the man with whom we were dining as
though it were an order from me. He was to be obeyed instantly. She was not to
put her legs together or cross them at any time. All of this was quite clear to
her and somewhat redundant as the counselor had been through it with her
earlier.

We entered the restaurant, and were immediately escorted to the private dining
room by the maitre de. Jay and his concubine were already there. He was in his
late forties, and she was at least four years younger than Aline. Maybe she was
18. She  was smaller than Aline, roughly 4'11". Later Jay told me that she
weighed 90 lbs. It was easy to tell from looking at her that she been surgically
altered. This didn't surprise me at all, because Jay was fond of doing this with
his girls. She had dirty blonde, shoulder length hair and a very pretty face.
Her lips had been injected with collagen to give them that poutey look. More
interesting, her breasts had been augmented to a 32 D cup size. Gravity didn't
touch them. More interesting still, her waist was no more than 18", which made
it obvious to me that Jay had ordered her lower 2 ribs to be removed. I could
put my hands around that waist and touch my fingers together. She wore almost
the same dress Aline had on. Jay introduced her as Bianca.

I introduced Aline. Jay was quite taken with her. He kissed her hand, and taking
her face in his hands, kissed her on the lips. He suggested we be seated next to
each other's escorts, which was also fine with me. Aline took a moment to sit
down in the armless chair, raising her skirt behind her to get her ass directly
in contact with the velvet of her chair. Bianca did the same thing next to me.
The waiter gave us our napkins, which Jay and I promptly put into our laps. The
girls left their napkins on the table. As we ordered the wine, I casually put my
hand into Bianca's lap. I noticed Jay's arm was similarly engaged, and that
Aline, was blushing slightly as she looked at the table. Biancas legs were apart
as I moved her skirt above her waist and began to caress the inner part of her
upper thighs. As I moved my hand to her crotch, I noted that her lips her clean
shaven, with a tiny trimmed V shaped tuft of hair on the front of her pubic
area. Jay and I spoke of our recent days, during the first part of the meal. As
we did so, we casually explored the amazing bodies of the girls seated next to
us.

The girls only spoke when spoken to by one of us. Usually it was to answer a
direct question. They always answered with a demur "Yes Sir" or "No Sir". Jay
told me that he had taken Bianca from a local high school four months earlier.
She had been a cheerleader that the Principal of the school noticed, and
referred to him. A short time later her father had been caught embezzling money
from his company. A search of his home revealed a substantial amount of Ecstasy,
some of which was in Bianca's dresser. The rest was history. Bianca become Jay's
property, and was one of 20 girls kept at his home. He told me that she had been
quite flat-chested when he acquired her, and that he had purchased all of the
surgical adjustments I had noticed. There  was one additional adjustment. Bianca
had not been a virgin. The surgeon had changed that, and had cut and stitched
her to be tighter than she had ever been. He said she had been a great pleasure
to deflower.

He was quite interested when I mentioned to him that Aline had been a virgin
this morning. I related most of the details about her innocence. He asked me how
many times today I had used her vaginally after deflowering her. As I was
explaining that I had only used her vaginally once, and that I thought she was
probably extremely tight and very sore, I noticed that Aline was fighting the
need to squirm. I assumed that Jay was probably fingering her pussy somewhat
aggressively, probably using 2 or 3 fingers. She was clearly experiencing a lot
of discomfort. I suggested to Jay that he might enjoy further opening her
vagina, and warned him that it would quite certainly bleed again. He was
incredibly pleased, and proceeded to tell me that he had spent the last few
months giving Bianca in depth anal and oral training. She was now used to the
taste of her rectum, and was prepared to give the most exquisite anal/oral
pleasure.

By this time my hand was under Bianca's ass, for which she lifted herself
slightly off the chair in order to give me greater access. Her ass had a petite
roundness that was proportioned to her body. I asked Jay how many men had
sodomized her, and was surprised that it only been 2. Jay had been the first,
and the principal of her high school had been the second. Jay had invited him to
his home to spend a night enjoying her as an additional thanks to him for his
referral.

By this time we had finished the meal, and I wanted us to be able inspect both
girls a little more thoroughly. I asked them both to stand up next to each other
a few feet from the table. They obeyed me. They looked at me meekly having a
pretty good idea of what I was about to tell them. "Undress please. Completely
naked, right now." They immediately both stepped out of their shoes. In tandem,
they unzipped the back of their dresses, lowered them to the floor, and stepped
out of them, dropping their dresses on the floor. It took less than 30 seconds,
and they were both standing in front of us completely nude. We proceeded to
completely inspect them. I inspected Bianca, and Jay inspected Aline. We bent
them over, legs open, and looked up their pussies. We had them hold their ankles
while we prodded their asses. Aline was badly bruised from the paddlings and
spankings I'd given her all through the day. Bianca'a ass was red as well as
thoroughly striped from what appeared to be a severe recent caning.

At that point the waiter returned and asked if he was intruding. I told him it
was fine, and asked him to get us a couple of tubes of lubricant and a box of
latex gloves. He returned with them in two minutes. I asked him to leave us in
privacy until we called for him. I led Bianca to my chair, which I had pushed
back a few feet from the cleared table. I sat down and brought her breasts to my
face as I began to explore her body more  completely with my  hands. I kissed
her breasts and sucked on them, as I fingered her pussy and asshole. Without
lubricating it, I had my middle finger halfway up her rectum. I looked up for a
moment, and noticed that Jay had Aline in a very similar type position. She
stood in front of him with her legs spread a bit wider than Bianca's, and it
appeared that he had two fingers buried in her bruised pussy.

I made eye contact with him, and asked him if he would mind if I spent a little
time warming Bianca up. He agreed.

I took Bianca over my knees and took another minute to admire her figure in this
position. Her waist was so wasp like and such an amazing accentuation of her
buttocks and breasts, that it gave her  the utterly exotic stigma Jay seemed to
love. She waited expectantly for me to begin hitting her. Jay had Aline on her
knees in front of him. He gestured to her and she opened his pants and brought
them down to his ankles, removing first his shoes and then his pants. His
swollen cock was about seven inches long.

She leaned forward and took it all into her mouth and throat. I raised my hand
high and brought it down hard on Bianca's rounded striped little ass.

For the first 10 whacks she sufferred in silence. During the next 10 she yelped
after each one. By 30, her eyes were filled with tears and she was sobbing. By
40 she was loudly begging for me to use her in her ass. Jay watched the entire
process as Aline worshiped his cock with her throat and mouth. Occasionally I
could hear her gag as he held her head down for an extended period of time.

At 50 whacks, I stopped to take a break. I didn't ask Bianca, but I put a latex
glove on and covered 2 fingers with KY. I opened Bianca's ass cheeks and began
to ream her thoroughly with 2 fingers. I buried them to my last knuckle and
worked them around in her rectum very roughly. She moaned with discomfort, but
in no way objected. Jay had lifted Aline from her knees, and had her straddle
him, facing him with her legs wrapped around him on the chair. He was having her
sit down slowly and impale her vagina on his cock. From the type of moaning she 
was doing it was clear that she was experiencing a lot of vaginal pain as he
penetrated her. He held her ass cheeks in his hand, and every time she attempted
to slow his rate of penetration by slowing her rate of descent, he gave her a
nasty slap on her ass. Quickly, she was riding him like a slut. He viciously
slapped her ass every 10 or 15 seconds. She rode him with her arms around his
neck and his face buried in her cleavage. His cock sawed in and out of her at a
rate of  about one full stroke every 3 seconds. I noticed the blood all around
his cock every time she partially lifted from it in her ride. Aline squeeled
every time he hit her.

I took my fingers out of Bianca's rectum and bent her face down over the dining
table. I opened my pants and brought the head of my cock to her rectum as I
spread her ass cheeks with my other hand. I gave her no warning and pushed the
head in with a decisive pop. Bianca also squeeled as I drove all nine inches up
her rectum. The sight of that tiny waist with my hands around it combined with
the sight of my cock withdrawing from and driving into her ass cheeks was almost
overwhelming, but not quite. I reamed her for about ten minutes. Aline continued
to ride Jay, who continued to roughly slap her ass. I began pulling my cock out
of Bianca's asshole periodically in order to look down her anal canal as it
gaped open with it's invitation to re-invade, which I did. My cock was covered
in a light brown film.

Jay finally exploded into Aline. I could see her shuddering in response to his
orgasm, after which he slowed the rate at which she rode him, finally coming to
a stop. He had stopped slapping her ass, and was now rubbing it. Her breathing
slowed and after a couple of minutes he had her dismount and kneel next to him
as she watched me sodomize Bianca. Aline was wide eyed, but silent. I could see
blood oozing out of her pussy as she knelt with her knees apart.

Bianca began to beg me to let her suck me clean and dry. She must have repeated
it 20 times as I mercilessly used her tight little ass. Finally, I gave  her 
wish to her. I pulled out of her ass and brought her to her knees by her hair. I
buried my cock without preamble down her throat, and she took it
enthusiastically. Aline looked as nervous as I had seen her look all day. She
completely understood the implications of this act. She had been afraid of the
taste of my semen. The taste of that combined with her own feces clearly
terrified her. I could no longer contain myself and exploded in Bianca's mouth
and throat. She didn't miss a beat. She kept pumping my cock down her throat as
she swallowed every drop. I'm not sure what she thought, but she acted like my
cock was the only thing in the world. She rubbed it on her face after she
finished, continuing to kiss it, and thanked me for using her. I noticed that it
was completely clean.

We ordered our girls to dress, and as they did, Jay thanked me for allowing him
to use Aline. He told that it felt like her was ripping open a virgin, and that
he had enjoyed her pain immensely. He asked me if I would like to spend any time
in the future with Bianca, and if I would like him to make any additional
changes in her. I asked him if he could widen her a little bit, knowing that
this would mean she would spend days with a long, think plastic implement
strapped inside of her to accomplish the widening. I took her face in my hands
and kissed her goodbye gently on the forehead, as I left with Aline.




Aline's  words

We walked back from the restaurant, through the hallways of the hotel. The only
sound was that of the spiked heels of my shoes on the Spanish ceramic tile.
Occasionally, we passed another couple, which would nod at us, as the man would
stare at me.

My dress clung to my figure as I walked. My inner thighs still had streaks of
Master Jay's semen combined with my own blood. I was so sore. He had been so
rough with me as he forced me to impale myself quickly onto his penis, ripping
away all vestigal parts of my hymen, which had been pierced for the first time
only hours earlier. I was mortified that in spite of the pain, and the blood,
and the public humiliation of being sexually used in a restaurant, I had still
climaxed with Master Jay. Not even his teeth biting my nipples as I rode him
prevented my climax.

My soreness and embarrassment was inconsequential to the trepidation I felt as
we walked back into my Master's suite. I had just watched him sexually use
Master Jay's little slave, Bianca. Not just use her, but use her anally and
orally. First he reamed her rectum out with his penis. I didn't have much of a
frame of reference, but his penis seemed huge to me, bigger then they were
supposed to be. Every time he put it inside of me it hurt. It hurt when it went
down my throat. It hurt terribly when took my virginity. It hurt unbelievably
when he put it up my ass. I kissed his arms while he did it to me, but I cried
on them at the same time.

Bianca was even smaller then I am, much smaller. I could imagine how much her
ass must have been stretched as his penis sawed in and out of her for 15
minutes. What shocked me was when she started to beg to suck his penis clean of
her own feces. I was 5 feet away when he took it out of her ass, and put her on
her knees. I could see the brown film all over it. As he held her by the hair
she licked her lips and opened her mouth wide, staring at it. Not looking him in
the face, just staring at that penis, smeared filthy from her asshole, looking
like she was hungry for it. I realized at that moment that she had been trained
by Master Jay to be that way.

I realized that it wasn't going to be enough for me to give myself to my Master
anally, orally, and vaginally. It wouldn't be enough for me to enthusiastically
allow myself to be sexually taken in all of these ways to anybody he designated,
even in public places, that were completely humiliating. It wasn't going to be
enough to profess my love for him, and mean it, after he finished punishing or
torturing me, in any way he saw fit. I realized that in addition to all of these
things, I was going to have to learn to do disgusting things, things that went
way beyond what I thought might or might not be moral. It wasn't going to be
enough to accept the taste of any man's sperm as I swallowed it. I was going to
have to accept the taste of my own feces, as I swallowed it combined with any
other taste my Master might direct.

I realized that I would have to learn to do this quickly, because if I didn't
seem an eager little slave to my Master, he wouldn't take me into his home. I
would go into one of the countless County schools for girls. I doubted that I
would survive a year in one. The counselor had showed me a number of videos that
were absolutely horrifying about what happened there. Girls being punished
unmercifully, parties in which 10 girls would entertain 50 men, spending all
night going from bed to bed to bed, were all common practices. There was a video
in which two girls were made to ride something the counselor called a wooden
horse. It looked like a saw-horse with plywood sides. The girls straddled it
with their ankles strapped to the bottom. The top was notched with a pointed
plank  two inches thick, and eight inches long coming out of the top of the
horse. The girls hands were strapped together, and winched up above their heads
to the ceiling. The girls were able to just keep the lips of their vagina's
above the point of the plank by standing on their tiptoes. However as soon as
their legs and toes gave out, they have to allow into their vaginas, and they
had to ride it, sometimes for more than an hour.

I knew the schools would kill me. I was afraid I might die from swallowing my
own feces, but I had just seen Bianca do it, and she seemed OK afterwards. I
hoped that I could do the same. I knew that I was going to have to ask my Master
to let me do it that night. The counselor had made very clear that if my Master
wasn't completely thrilled with me, I was headed for a County school. She told
me that he had a different new girl once a week, and only took a girl to his
home once every four or five months.

These were the things that I was thinking as we re-entered my Master's suite. He
brought me out onto the terrace and asked me to undress. I stepped out of my
shoes and dress, and stood before him naked, as he sat down. For a couple of
minutes he simply inspected me. He turned me around to look closely at the donut
shaped bruises on my bottom and thighs. He probed my rectum and vagina as he
bent me over, as if to see if there was any damage. He examined my breasts, as
if to see whether Master Jay had left bite marks with his teeth. He pinched my
nipples, and them brought me close, holding me by my ass, as he kissed my
breasts. I put my arms around him and wondered if strippers did this when they
did lap dances.

He told me to go to the special room, and to come back with a wooden paddle. I
asked what size he wanted, and he told me to decide. I went quickly to get one,
and trembling in spite of myself, got the really big one that he had given me
two excruciating whacks with earlier that morning. I wanted to make him happy,
even if it meant blinding pain. I wanted him to love me as one of his special
little girls. He stood up and kissed me on the side of my face. He put handcuffs
on my wrists and bent me over the back of the chair with my hands on the seat.

The pain was blinding. With each whack I saw stars, but I didn't move my hands.
Whack one made me howl and start to cry. I howled in pain, and begged him to use
my ass and mouth. I begged to suck him clean like Bianca had. I can't imagine
what people passing by on the street must have thought.

By fifteen, I was about to pass out from the pain, and he stopped. I cried and
whimpered for another three or four minutes. He rubbed my bare bottom with his
hand lovingly for a minute. Then I heard him putting on a latex glove, but I
knew better than to look up. I felt one of his hands on my ass cheeks as he
separated them, and then he had two fingers all the way up my rectum.

It was the strangest feeling. At first it always feels like I have to go to the
bathroom, and then it hurts more, as though I'm being filled and stretched. He
spent a couple of minutes moving his fingers inside of my rectum in a circular
kind of motion. I moaned a little and concentrated on my breathing, taking long
deep breaths. I thought only of my breathing, and relaxing my rectum. When he
took his fingers out of me, I relaxed my rectum as much as I could, kept
breathing and kept my ass open. He repeated this process for ten minutes,
occasionally giving me a hard whack on my bottom with his bare hand.

Then he took his fingers out of me. I heard him take off the latex glove, and
unzip his pants. I felt both of his hands open my ass cheeks, and felt the head
of his penis at the center of my rectum. I took a deep breath as I felt it
forced in with a pop. It hurt so much as it went all the way in! He held me by
the waist as he began to saw in and out of my ass. I told me I was a good little
girl, and asked me what I wanted to tell him. As he bunched my hair in a pony
tail and held it in one hand like he was riding a pony, I told him that it hurt,
and that I loved him, and I meant it. I asked him to let me suck him clean. He
rode me harder, and demanded that I keep saying it. He slapped me hard on the
side of my ass, and I barely felt it. Compared to the paddlings and spankings he
had given me all day, not to mention the pain of his penis in my ass, it was
nothing. I told him I loved him, begged him to finish in my mouth.

After ten minutes, he did just that. He pulled his penis out of my rectum, and
even though it stayed wide open, he pulled me up by my hair, and put me onto my
knees. I remembered what Bianca did, and I licked my lips and opened my mouth. I
only looked at that nine inch penis so thick that it was a struggle to get my
mouth around it. It was covered with a brown film and inches from my face.
Master still held my hair in one hand. I remember hearing him saying that he
wanted it spotless and that I had better not lose drop as it went down my
throat.

I can't really do justice to the taste. On a couple of occasions in my life, I
have gotten so sick to my stomach, that I have vomited for hours. When that
happens, at some point I begin vomiting bile, from deep within my stomach. It
always has the most bitter, acid taste. That was the closest thing to the taste
of my turds on my Master's penis. I fought to block the taste out. I couldn't
breath because he was buried in my throat. I fought the fear that I was going to
die from smothering. I could feel his hands, one holding my hair, the other
holding my head, and I could taste his cock. There wasn't anything else in the
universe other than that.

I lost track of time. I remember him allowing me to breathe periodically. I
remember him saying, "There you go, that's it."  And then "Good girl". And then
he exploded into my mouth. Unbelievably, considering the way I had felt just a
couple days earlier about this act, the salty taste of his sperm was welcome. It
was a vast improvement on the taste I had had just a few moments earlier. I
stayed on my knees as it continued to spurt and pulse in my mouth and throat,
and I swallowed hungrily. I moved my tongue around it in circles in my mouth as
it began to shrink. Finally, he pulled my head off of it.

I thanked him, and kissed his feet, but my stomach began to churn, almost as
though I was at sea. I knew I was going to be sick. My master saw the look and
my face and asked me if I wanted to go to the bathroom. I said I did, and he
gave me permission to go. I ran into the suite, through the bedroom wearing only
my handcuffs. I just made it to the bathroom in time. On my knees at his toilet,
I threw up everything, all the sperm, all of dinner, all of the wine, and all of
the water. I must have vomited for twenty minutes. I was sure that I had failed,
and was headed for a county school, maybe tonight, surely tomorrow! My master
came into the bathroom and petted the side of my face as I begged him to forgive
me.

The look on his face was loving and forgiving, as he smiled and said, "Everybody
throws up the first time."

He lifter me up, wiped my face, and had me rinse out my mouth. He took the
handcuffs off. He brought me to bed, and held me in his arms as I told him again
and again how much I loved him, until I fell asleep; and I meant it.




Part 7

It was 3:00 AM when I woke her. She had been asleep for at least three hours. We
had been out to dinner with my friend Jay and his concubine Bianca. At the meal,
Jay had enjoyed Aline thoroughly. I had taken oral and anal pleasure with his
little girl Bianca, but not in that order. I had taken Aline back to the suite
that I keep in the hotel, and used her in much the same way that I had used
Bianca. This had been at Aline's request, and it had been extremely challenging
for her. Earlier in the day she had been a complete virgin. How dramatically she
had changed! I was reminded of the words of Machiavelli some four hundred years
earlier. "It is good for your people to fear you, and it is good for your people
to love you. However if you must choose between the two, it is more practical
for your people to fear you." In Aline's case, I used fear to invoke love.

At any rate I awoke at 3:00 AM in a state of arousal. So I woke her with a kiss.
She was of course, still nude. She kissed me back without a word. I put my hand
into her loins, and immediately put one, and then two fingers into her vagina.
She was obviously very sore, but she didn't say a word, and very, very quickly
became quite wet. I gently spread her legs, and mounted her casually. As I
entered her, she was still very tight, but no longer like a closed fist. I could
feel her tearing slightly, as she again began to bleed. She wrapped her legs
around me tightly as she had been instructed to do, and moved in concert with me
as we accelerated toward a collision. I held her ass cheeks in my hands, and
periodically fingered her rectum. She whispered her love to me through her
tears, which had renewed from the pain she was in. I climaxed in an explosion.
There is no other way to describe it. It was simply a sexual collision. In that
long moment there was a flash of white, and I felt that I was in contact with
her essential being. We both fell back to sleep.

I awoke first in the morning and called room service. The waiter delivered it
with Aline still naked in bed. I put a robe on and let him in. I had him bring
the tray out to the terrace of the suite. The view of the street was always
enjoyable to me, especially so in the morning. I could look out at traffic, even
though the vined trellis made it nearly impossible for passersby to see in. The
waiter set the tray up and left. I poured a cup of coffee for myself, and called
Aline out, as I sat down. She demurely came out onto the terrace completely
naked. She stood in front of me as with one hand I drank my coffee. With my
other hand I fondled her inner thighs and buttocks. I looked into her face as
she looked at the floor. I asked her to get onto her knees, and she did so
immediately in front of me. I said to her, "You know what to do. Do it."

I opened my legs around her as she opened her robe. Kneeling between my legs
first thing in the morning, she was amazingly beautiful! In spite of that, I was
not yet aroused to an erection. With one hand she lifted my flaccid penis. She
opened her mouth and put the entire flat part of her tongue onto my scrotum,
leaving it there as she breathed onto it with her mouth. Her breath was
incredibly warm! She did this like an act of worship for two or three minutes.
She had learned well from the videos! At the end of this period, my penis was
fully engorged, nine inches long and two inches thick. She worshipped her way up
to the top of it with her mouth, and buried it in her mouth to the front of her
throat.

I spent the next ten minutes eating my breakfast, as she sucked me for dear
life. She made slurping sounds unashamedly. She circled my cock with her tongue
when it wasn't all the way down her throat, almost giving it a massage while it
was in her mouth. Every second stroke she took it down into the small part of
her throat, burying all nine inches in through her mouth, all the while cupping
her hands under my balls. She did this as though her life depended on it, and in
one sense it did. Finally I exploded. I could feel her sense the first spurt as
it hit the back of her throat, and my pleasure heightened as I felt her swallow,
as she continued to stroke and suck. I believe I spurted six times, and she
gulped all of it without ever breaking up her pace. She continued to massage it
with her tongue until it again went flaccid, and I lifted her head gently. I
kissed her lightly on the lips, told her she was a good girl, and motioned her
up into a chair so that she could enjoy her breakfast. This time, there would be
no brushing of her teeth until after the meal. She would eventually adjust to
this taste, and all the other tastes of her life.

We finished this meal in silence, enjoying the simple sounds of the street. I
told her to shower quickly, and get into the thong bikini I had purchased for
her the day before. We were going to the hotel pool for a couple of hours.
Shortly we were both showered and appropriately changed and Aline walked with me
to the pool. I inspected her closely before we left. She had been paddled very
hard three times the day before. She had been extensively spanked hard another
two times, all on her bare bottom. The record of this was very, very clear on
her ass cheeks and thigh backs. The paddlings had left four donut shaped
bruises, one on each ass cheek, and one on each thigh back. Each of these was
black and blue, leaving absolutely no question about what had happened. The
spankings had left her entire backside red, with some of the capillaries
showing. Obviously it was a supplemental beating that anyone looking at it would
immediately understand. Her bikini was a thong, string bikini. This meant that
her entire ass was completely visible. The front of the bottom had a very small
V that at two inches wide, at the widest part, left virtually nothing to the
imagination. In this case, reality was as good as imagination. The bikini top
was similar. Most of it was string. It covered the nipples of her 34 C cup
breasts and that was all. Gravity didn't seem to touch her breasts at all.

As we passed people, and they looked back at her, I took pleasure in their shock
as they realized some things she had been doing in the last 24 hours. Aline, on
the other hand, seemed only to focus on whatever I wanted her to do, as I
directed her toward the hotel pool. There were a couple of personal security
guards with us also, that were on my payroll, and they were huge, but extremely
discreet.

We walked into the pool area and took a couple of chaises by the cabana that I
keep there. A valet put towels down for each of us. Aline looked at me
questioningly, and I took her face in my hands and kissed her lightly. I
politely suggested that she might be more comfortable lying face down. She
nodded, and without a word lied down on her stomach on the chaise. I sat on my
chaise next to her, and reaching over to stroke her legs, I opened them to
afford a better view of her crotch. I realized that men in particular were
likely to casually walk by, as they feigned wanting to take a simple stroll
around the pool, in order to get a better, close up view of Aline's ass and
body. I therefore had her open her legs enough to give them the ability to look
up into her crotch area as they walked past. Aline probably realized this, but
didn't reveal her recognition in any way.

I continued sitting on my chaise as various men walked by. There were a number
of men that I knew well, and I nodded at them, speaking to a few. A number of
men kept suites at the hotel, in much the same way that I did. There were
perhaps 10 of them around the pool this morning. They were all accompanied by at
least one girl. Some had two or three. The girls ranged in age from what I would
guess was 14, to perhaps 27. They were all beautiful. Most of them were marked
in some way. A few girls were striped on their asses, backs, or thighs from a
caning or a whipping. Others had very visible finger marks in red, on the parts
of their asses that were visible. One or two had bruises like Aline's, although
to my perception, they were not as pronounced.

The thing that was interesting to me at the pool though, was not the men that I
knew. It was all the people that I didn't know. There must have been 75
strangers. Most were tourists, vacationing in a tropical climate. Of these, some
were couples, and others were families. The men of the families could not stop
their eyes from roving to the various girls that were being displayed by their
owners. They were almost spellbound. They were obviously torn between wanting to
protect their families from the lifestyle being paraded in front of them, and
wanting to participate in that same lifestyle. One man in particular walked
around the pool 5 times. Each time that he passed Aline, he drank her body in
with his eyes, and his mouth opened as he stared at the donuts on her legs and
ass. He looked at me. I returned his gaze with a small smile. The most
interesting thing about the man however, was his family.

You see the man was with his wife and daughter. I would place his wife at about
35. I would place his daughter at perhaps 15. He was about 45. His wife was very
attractive. She was perhaps 5'3", and she probably weighed 110 lbs. Very good
figure. Nice breasts and a tasteful bikini. She didn't look at me at all. Their
daughter on the other hand, was gorgeous. She was just under 5 feet tall. I
would guess she weighed 95lbs. Blonde hair to her shoulder blades, and somewhere
between an A and B cup breasts. She had perfect creamy white skin. More strange
yet, she had a thong, string bikini on that I could have interchanged with the
one Aline was wearing. I found myself wondering what this father and mother were
thinking when they let their daughter come to this particular pool dressed like
this? Obviously, they had not been thinking at all.

I could stop myself from staring at his daughter. She was absolutely perfect. As
she lied on her stomach, I stared at her ass. She looked up, obviously feeling
someone staring at her, and looked around the pool until she made eye contact
with me. As we connected from across the pool, I smiled at her. She blushed and
looked down, and then she looked back at me. I smiled at her again, this time
more aggressively. She smiled a little bit, in spite of her embarrassment. I
motioned her to come over, and this gesture proved to be too much for her
father, who as he had been staring at Aline, had watched this entire
interchange. He transitioned immediately, probably without ever realizing it,
from leering adult, to indignant, protective parent.

He motioned for his daughter to lie back down on her chaise, and walked over to
me in a belligerent manner. I don't think he even saw my security guards walking
right behind him. He came right up to me and said, "Who the hell do you think
you are? You think you can stare at my daughter like you own her? You think you
can ask her out? I know all about you people, and you don't scare me at all!!
You want to fuck with me? Let's have it out it right here, Motherfucker!"

He was just about to poke me in the chest with his finger, when he felt the huge
hand of my security guard on his shoulder. He turned to look, and the anger left
him, like the air out of a balloon. I motioned to the security guard to stop for
a second. I said to the father, "UM, I'd like to thank you in advance for
everything that you're going to give me." I said it softly, almost in a whisper.

He had to strain to listen, and he looked perplexed. He asked me, "What do you
think I'm going to give you?"

I looked him in the eyes, and connected with him in the warmest way I could. I
smiled at him as I answered. "Everything. Everything you have."




Part 8
Aline and Melissa

Two weeks had passed since the Saturday morning Aline and I had spent at the
hotel pool. A number of things had happened since then.

The tourist that had confronted me rather aggressively at the pool had been
arrested later that afternoon. There had been a number of charges. The maid
cleaning his families' room had apparently found a somewhat large quantity of
illegal narcotics in their suitcases. This spurred a police investigation of his
credit history, which apparently included a number of unresolved fraud charges
for sizable amounts of money.

The entire family was taken into custody, father, mother, and beautiful
daughter. The daughter's name was Melissa, and she was 15 years old. During
their individual interviews that afternoon in the local police station, both the
mother and the father signed full confessions. Interviews of that nature were
always unpleasant for the "person of interest", but the laws had changed.
Lawyers did not have to be present, and the police had a great deal more
latitude in their methodology. The family's trial was held in private the
following day. They were found guilty. The parents were sentenced to death.
Because she was a minor, the court expressed leniency in sentencing the daughter
to life in prison.

The mother was quite attractive at 34, and was remanded to the custody of the
Captain of the police station. He was a personal friend of mine, and had been
personally involved in her interrogation. She was going to be trained to be a
servant in his home, and would spend her life serving him in any way he chose. I
was occasionally a guest at his house, and I anticipated that I would
occasionally use her when there. The father was sent to a state facility to
await execution.

I interceded on behalf of Melissa, and took her into my custody as her owner,
committing to take her into my household. I left her in jail for a couple of
days, in order that she could get a complete physical, be prepped physically,
and receive a minor amount of counseling and video training on some of what
would be deemed proper behavior for her in her new life. After which I had her
sent directly to my main house, where she was currently situated.

I spent another day and a half at the hotel, training and using Aline. She was
proving to be an extremely enthusiastic little girl, especially taking into
consideration that she had spent her entire life up until this weekend, all 22
years, avoiding any sex at all. Now, she not only allowed herself to used in any
way at all, she asked for it, and performed with complete abandon. She allowed
herself to be beaten repeatedly, and bruised deeply, and professed her love for
me with sincerity after the beating. She allowed herself to be paraded in
public, sometimes completely exposed. She allowed herself to be given to other
men in public, at my direction, and still she professed her deep love for me.
The particularly compelling thing for me was that I inversely, began to develop
feelings for Aline. Not monogamous feelings by any means, but strong feelings of
perhaps some kind of possession. In these type of situations, it is always a
little confusing to me who actually posseses who. Clearly, I was in the
ownership position, but my feelings of need of contact sometimes conflicted with
my feelings of ownership. It seemed like I only made contact at the times I was
asserting my ownership.

That morning at the pool I had allowed Aline to be used in the cabana I kept at
poolside. One of my friends was there with a couple of girls that he made
available to me in his cabana at the same time. The girls were 17 years old,
identical twins. They were both 5'6", and extremely thin, 105 lbs. They had
A-cup breasts, and were about to be surgically altered to D-cups. I put them
through their paces together, inspecting them thoroughly, using them each in all
three of their holes, after deeply lubricating their rectums. I ultimately came
in the rectum of one as she knelt on her knees and elbows in front of me, while
her sister tongued my ass from behind me, also on her knees.  I didn't punish
them at all. Our proximity to the poolside would have made it just too obvious.
The sounds of the people at the pool, just a couple of feet from the cabana did
add a certain excitement to the sex.

Aline told me later that my friend had also extensively lubricated her rectum
with a couple of fingers before using her anally. It was his primary area of
focus. He had spent a little over a half hour "plowing in her fragrant field".
She did have finger marks on the side of her face that made me ask her what had
happened. She told me that as soon as she had gone into the cabana with him he
had closed the door, and ordered her out of her bikini. She complied and stood
in front of him completely naked. He then grabbed the skin under her chin,
pinching it between his thumb and fist, and lifted her up by it onto her toes,
very close to his face. He told her that she had best be a very good little
girl, or she would be very sorry. He asked her if she understood, and she
squeeled, "Yes, Sir". In one motion with his hand holding her up by her chin, he
released her and slapped her once on the side of her face, leaving the finger
marks I had asked her about. I made a mental note to speak to him about this. It
wasn't that I objected to him hitting Aline or even leaving physical marks. I
objected to him doing this to my property without first getting my permission.

That evening I took Aline to a private club that was also adjacent to the hotel.
It was a Saturday night, and there were a number of men there with the girls
that they owned. Aline was dressed in the same cocktail dress and shoes she had
worn the night before. I had sent the dress out to be cleaned and pressed that
day, and she looked as ravishing as she had the night before. We sat in a
banquette together facing the dance floor. She was careful to lift her skirt as
she sat, in order to be sure that her bare ass made direct contact with the
leather of the banquette. As we sat together, I immediately lifted the front of
her skirt above her waist under the table. I intermittently put my hand between
her upper thighs and fingered the clean, shaved lips of her vagina throughout
the entire meal.

After the meal we moved to a more private "smoking room" that was a part of the
club. There were a number of leather lounge chairs and sofas in this room. I
would estimate that it could probably accommodate 40 people comfortably. Tonight
was to be a special night in the "smoking room". It was fellatio night, and of
course was by invitation only. There were 5 men like myself, with  girls that
were their property. The girls ranged in age from 17 to perhaps 25. There were
also another 20 young men that had been informally invited into the club as
junior members. They were between 25 and 40. Additionally there were a couple of
Matrons from the remote jail attached to the hotel. I sat in a lounge chair and
had Aline kneeling at my feet in front of me, facing outward. I had not told her
what to expect, and she, knowing something was going to happen, was a bit
nervous.  One of my friends  Mathew, who was acting  as Master of Ceremonies for
the evening walked to the front of the room and said aloud, "Could we please
have all the girls come up to the front of the room?"

Aline loked at me questioningly for a moment. I leaned forward and gently nudged
her up and forward. As she rose I patted her on the bottom, and  I whispered,
"You are to do everything you are told." She walked to the front of the room and
stood next to the other 4 girls as they faced the 25 men. Loudly enough for
everyone to hear Mathew asked them to undress. Thirty seconds later all 5 girls
were completely nude. With a motion from Mathew, one Matron gathered up all 5
sets of dresses and shoes, while the other matron quickly attached blinfolds,
leather collars, and handcuffs to each girl. Looking at Aline standing in this
line naked, blindfolded, collared, with her hands cuffed in front of her, trying
not tremble, was extremely arousing to me.

Mathew invited all of the men to the front of the room while he spoke. The girls
were instructed to remain standing at cuffed attention, and were not to move.
The men had the freedom to explore the girl's bodies with their hands.  Every
girl had at least three men anonymously exploring her body simultaneously. I
stood a few feet and watched Aline. She was occupied by four men. The two in
front of her were each caressing a breast. Additionally one had his other hand
between her legs with at least one, and more probably two fingers completely
buried in her vagina. The other two men were behind her giving her ass cheeks
it's rightful attention. They spoke to one another in low tones about it's
perfection, as one of them prodded at least one finger deeply into her rectum.
She was fighting the need to squirm, as one of the men held her frimly from
behind by her arm. One of the guys in front held her other arm.

Mathew said out loud, "Now then, everybody knows this is Fellatio Night at the
club. Our junior members are without girls, as guests of our vested members. The
girls will perform fellatio for every member, as often as requested. The evening
will not end until every member, Junior and Vested is completely sated. While
the evening is strictly limited to fellatio, any member may choose to discipline
a girl at any time with an over the knee spanking, limited to 50 whacks. More
than 50 whacks from any member for one individual girl requires permission  from
her owner. Bear in mind that this could total hundreds of whacks for each girl,
if each of you spank her, so please be prudent. As the matron passes you with
the box of numbers please take one. That will govern the first round this
evening. After the first round, feel free to take as many other turns with any
girl you wish, as they are available. I have noticed that these girls have
lovely mouths. All of them have round, incredibly spankable asses. Enjoy them
fully."

A matron came past me with the box, and I drew number 9. As all the numbers were
drawn, one of the matrons came to the front of the room and said, "Will the
gentlemen with number one please indentify himself and choose a girl?" An
unaccompanied man of perhaps 35 stepped forward and chose an 18 year old, and
led her to a lounge area. As she stood in front of him to be inspected before
dropping to her knees, I  noticed that Aline was chosen second, by a young man
of perhaps 25. I would guess his height to have been 6'7", and recognized him as
a professional basketball player. He led her to another chair, and had her sit
on his lap so that he could play with her for a couple minutes before she began
to perform. Within three minutes all five girls were chosen, and occupied in a
lounge area with a man. I went to get a drink, and came back to the area in
which Aline was kneeling between the huge legs of the basketball player. She was
absorbed in her first of many acts of fellatio of her evening. Because she was
blindfolded, I don't think she had any real idea of the size of the man she
performing for initially. She may have gotten some sense of it from the size of
his hands as he guided her to the lounge area, and subsequently explored her
body fully. But I don't think it really hit her until she was on her knees with
his cock down her throat gagging her, feeling with her hands that his cock was
only partially inside her. Obviously this was because he was a giant, and his
cock was over 11 inches long. Just as difficult, it was over 2 1/2 inches thick,
causing the narrow part of her throat to stretch to the point it had to feel
like it would tear, as he aggressively tried to fully invade her throat. With
about two inches left she began to choke uncontrollably. He allowed her head up
for a moment in order for her to take a breath, and immediately forced it back
down. Still, she could not take it all.

The giant lost his patience. He lifted her head by her hair, and in one motion
lifted her effortlessly over his knees. With a thick Serbian accent, he said
"Perhaps a massage of your bottom will help relax your throat." With that he
lifted his arm and brought his  hand down on her ass with immense force. The
whack was as hard and as painful as any whack I had given Aline with a paddle!
It was certainly confirmed in the way she screamed and apologized. He
immediatley gave her another, and she screamed and begged to try to suck again,
promising to do better. Her begging was to no avail. The giant was committed to
giving her a full 50, telling her again that this massage would certainly help
her relax her throat muscles! Aline shrieked after every whack. By 5 she was
sobbing uncontrollably, with her tears running out through the blinfold. He paid
attention not just to her ass, but also to her thighs, all the way down to her
knees, bruising her completely. After 5 minutes, it was over. He gave her a
couple of minutes to catch her breath while he admired his handywork. She kept
begging to try again, and he put her back onto her knees to do so. Somehow, with
a gulp that was audible across the room, she took the whole thing into her mouth
and down her throat. The giant smiled with his success, and continued to control
her head with his hand firmly holding her hair, as he forced himself all the way
in, with a repetitive loud gulp on her part, and withdrew, only to repeat the
process immediately. The sight of Aline doing this on her knees, as I looked at
her badly bruised ass, while her mouth was being ravished, filled me with anger
and desire at the same time.

Finally the Giant climaxed. I don't know how much, but watching Aline struggle
to gulp it down in 6 long gulps, without losing any was spellbinding to me and
the other 10 men that had gathered to watch this astonishing display. At that
moment, the matron called my number. I was tempted to use it for Aline, if for
no other reason to see if the small of her throat had really been stretched, but
instead pulled myself away. I chose a very small, very young Asian girl, just
completing her first task on the other side of the room. She was 17, and 4'10".
I'd guess her weight at 85 lbs.

I sat in the chair that had previously been occupied by a  30 year old man. He
smiled and said that she was exceptional, one of the best mouths and throats
he'd ever experienced. He said her throat had a massage quality, and that I
shouldn't miss it. The girl meanwhile kept her blindfolded head turned toward
the floor, awaiting my pleasure. I stroked the side of her face gently with my
hand. I took her face in both my hands and kissed her on the forehead, and using
my hands like that lifted her up by her head, and put her across my lap. Her ass
was truly a work of art. Four or five men walked over as I stroked her ass in
anticipation of the spanking I was about to give her. I lifted my hand. By ten
whacks, she was sobbing. At 25 she was begging me to stop. I gave the the full
50. I let her rest for a few minutes as I rubbed her red little ass, and then
put her back onto her knees to perform for me. She heard the zipper, as I opened
my pants to release my fully engorged cock, and she opened her mouth in
anticipation as I brought her head forward. The other man had described her
accurately! She had amazing skills, especially for a girl her size. When I was
buried in her throat, she was able to move her head around in such a way that
actually did massage my cock. She continued to rotate it in and out in that
circular motion until I exploded in her mouth. She never missed a beat with her
swallowing. I wasn't sure who had trained her, but I was very impressed.

From the other side of the room, I heard a bunch of men cheering, and looked
over to see them around the spot where Aline was on her knees sucking off a 70
year old man  named Harry. Obviously, Harry owned another girl performing
tonight, and rarely missed these functions. For some reason he needed to
constantly display his not inconsiderable prowess. As he exploded into Aline's
mouth, and 5 men cheered him on, I wondered if Aline had any idea that she was
sucking a man more that three times her age. The men applauded. Harry stood up,
bowed, and yielded to the man holding ticket number 17. He sat down and unzipped
his pants. I suppose Aline heard the sound and recognized it, because she
immediately open her mouth. He brought her forward, and she began sucking her
third cock of the evening. This was going to be a strange night for her. Two
days ago, she had been a complete virgin. Never been fucked. Now she was going
to suck at least 10 different men in one night, maybe more. It would be a
violation of her mouth that she had never imagined as even an abstract
possibility for herself two days earlier. And now, it was her reality.

This part of the night started at 9:00P.M. and lasted until 1:00 in the morning.
The first five men Aline performed fellatio for lasted about 10 minutes each.
They each came prodigiously, as it was their first orgasm of the night.Three of
them spanked her. I think that for each of them, it was foreplay more than
anger. The next six men were getting their second blowjob of the night, and
therefore took longer to climax. Each man lasted at least 15 minutes. After deep
throating each one, her throat had to be incredibly sore! Four of them spanked
her. In total, she got 350 whacks, and was badly bruised. I was in the last
group of six that used her, and I am sure that after sucking off  a total of
eight men with a blindfold on, she was so desensitized that she had no idea that
it was me in the small of her throat. Just the same, she was incredibly
attentive in the blowjob she performed. She was well aware that it could turn
into an ass blistering spanking without warning, and was more likely to do so if
her performance lacked enthusiasm or attention in any aspect. Her hands, cuffed
in front of her, cupped and massaged my balls as she worshipped my cock with her
mouth. After swallowing my cum, and having my cock removed from her mouth, in a
voice that was little more than a whisper, she said, "Thank you, Sir, for
allowing me to suck you." All this without any idea of  whom she had just
performed this intimate act for.

At 1:00 A.M. all 5 girls were allowed to dress, and were placed back into the
custody of their owners. I took Aline back to my suite, and had her brush her
teeth and rinse her mouth out thoroughly. I ordered her to undress, and she did.
I handcuffed her, and took her over my knee. She winced as she awaited the abuse
on her already abused bare bottom. It never came. Instead I put a latex glove
on. I squeezed a liberal amount of KY into a Dixie cup, lubricated 2 fingers,
and proceeded to ream her asshole with them. While I did this, she kissed the
lower part of my leg that her mouth was facing as she was over my lap. She held
my leg with her cuffed hands, and kissed it passionately, professing her love
for me. After 10 minutes of this, I put her face down on the bed, with a pillow
under her hips. I left the handcuffs on, and took my preferred position on top
of her from behind. I spent the entire next hour sodomizing her, sawing in and
out of her while she kissed my arms in front of her face. She repeated that she
loved me, and I kissed her on the side of her face from behind until I came
inside of her rectum. Without  saying a word, I withdrew from her, and rolled
over onto my back. She knelt between my legs, and sucked me clean. After 5
minutes she came off my cock without throwing up, put her head on my chest, and
fell asleep. I immediately followed her into sleep.

The following day I took Aline into my household. My limo picked us up at the
hotel in the middle of the morning for the twenty minute drive to my main home.
This house was somewhat secluded on a road accessed island. This was one of a
number of islands like it, in the middle of the bay, in the tropical city in
which I reside. My house was a little bit larger then the average house.
Actually it was more of a compound. The main house had 12 bedrooms and 20
bathrooms. Three of the bedrooms, including my own, were large suites, with two
full bathrooms and at least one extra sitting room. My suite had a few extra
rooms, office, special room, sitting room, etc. There was a very large living
room in which I entertained, and a very large dining room which was used
regularly. There were other rooms:  billiard, kitchen, video, casual dining,
library, etc, all of which contributed to the ambience of the house. There was
also a large pool and three additional guest houses.The one additional house
that was a bit unusual was reserved strictly for discipline. There was a boat
dock, but I did not keep my boat there, because it would have blocked a
beautiful view. The entire compound was on the bay with a lovely view of the
city, and it was of course, walled of from the rest of the island, on which
there were seven similar compounds.

With the addition of Aline and Melissa, I now had 12 girls in this compound. In
the near future I would probably sell two of them off, as wives or concubines.
The girls each shared a room with another girl. Each girl's room was a large
room that I had intentionally had decorated to be a frilly, lacey type room,
primarily done in pink and white lace. It was the type of room in which you
would typically expect to find an affluent, spoiled 12 year old girl. It was
filled with stuffed animals on shelves, on the dressers, and on the king sized
bed, which the two girls shared. Generally the girls sharing the bed became very
close to each other. Disagreements were usually settled by me or the housemother
in the disciple house, or one of the three special rooms that were also in the
main house. After a disagreement was settled, the girls almost always never
argued again.

I assigned Aline and Melissa to the same same room. I told Aline that I wanted
her to assume a big sister role with Melissa, giving her as much advice as
possible, showing her every "how to" video in my collection. I told her that I
was holding her personally responsible for Melissa's development, as well as her
own. Melissa was delivered to me that same day. I had the housemother bring her
with Aline to my office, which was attached to my personal suite. Melissa was
dressed in the same thong bikini she had worn two days earlier at the hotel
pool. She also wore a pair of sandals. Her hands were cuffed in front of her.
Aline wore a tight, white, skimpy T shirt that ended above her navel, tight
white bikini panties, and white ankle socks. Her arms were at her side. The
housemouther, all of 30 years old herself, carried a 20 inch long wooden paddle
attached to a leather thong, just to make a point to the girls. I walked over to
Melissa, who had her head down slightly, and took the sides of her face in my
hands, gently lifting it up to look at me. She was such a tiny, little thing at
5 feet tall! I kissed her gently on the lips, and then on the forehead, and
welcomed her to my home. She looked up at me and said, "Thank you, Sir. I'm
going to be a good girl."

I smiled at her, and said, "I know you are.", and then kissed her again on the
lips. Her mouth opened slightly in order to invite the entry of my tongue. I
deferred entering her mouth at all until later, and instead slowly and gently
hugged her to me, slowly bringing my hands down to cup the cheeks of her exposed
bottom. I couldn't believe that her father had allowed her to wear this thong in
public.  I rubbed her  bottom for a couple of minutes, kissing the side of her
face as I hugged her. Then I released her and introduced her to Aline. I told
her that Aline was going to be her room-mate, and that she should regard her as
her big sister. I told her that she should learn from Aline, and listen to
everything Aline told her to do. I told her that if she and Aline didn't get
along the housemother would resolve it for her. The housemother stepped forward
and rubbed her paddle on Melissa's bottom, and told her in a soft voice that she
was very good at conflict resolution. Melissa's legs trembled slightly.
Obviously she had seen at least one paddling video in the jail the day before.
She repeated that she would be a good girl. I went to Aline and gave her a kiss,
putting my hands into the back of her panties, and squeezing her soft,  bruised
bottom. I noticed  Melissa staring at the bruises on the back of Aline's thighs,
certainly knowing that all too soon, her own legs and buttocks would bear the
same decoration.

I let them go, telling them that I would look in on them in a couple of days,
and that I hoped to get a good report on their behavior and progress. I asked
the housemother to release Melissa's handcuffs, and to get them both completely
situated in their room. I told her that I would be out for the entire evening
again, because I was going to be spending the night at the MacBeth Academy for
girls, where I kept another dozen girls. That however, is a story for another
day.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Demosthones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





