BDSM Library - Miss Destiny




Miss Destiny
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I needed a little help with the housework after my divorce, and my next door neighbor knew just the person to hire.
Miss Destiny



By femmeslave



My divorce had went well; I got the house, two cars and enough alimony to live
very well for perhaps the rest of my life (Damn! I Love California).  After only
two years of marriage this nice two bed room spread was going to be my new
showpiece.  I played my idiot ex-husband like a fiddle.  My long blonde hair and
perfect body had him pussy whipped since day one. 





But first things first, I needed to redecorate and get this place more in line
with my own personal tastes, so after a few weeks of remodeling I was pretty
happy with my new living arrangements.  My friend and next door neighbor, a cute
30something brunette named Stacy suggested I hire someone to come in a day or
two each week to do laundry and cleaning.  She recommended the lady that works
for her, because I needed someone whom was honest and could be trusted, as well
as being discreet, and I was planning to do a lot of catching up now that I was
free again.  Stacy set up the interview which was just a formality as far as I
was concerned, so I stuck around the house Monday waiting for Miss Destiny to
show up.

At 9am on the dot Miss Destiny showed up for her interview, I was a little
surprised that she was only a few years older than I.  But when I decided to
make things a little more informal by referring to her as Destiny, she quickly
corrected me and insisted I call her Miss Destiny.  She was so serious and
stern. I also felt that she lacked a sense of humor.  So, I thought it was best
to not attempt to become too close to her and just keep the relationship very
professional.  She said that she could work six hours both Thursday and Friday
of each week, which was fine with me, and after agreeing on wages, she shook my
hand and said that she could start in a few days.  As she shook my hand we made
eye contact, and I felt a shiver run down my spine.  I could feel her strength
and power in her grip, and her eyes seem to look right through my soul, and the
feeling made me a little upset.  I mean, "How dare the black lady maid come into
my home and make me feel so ill at ease".  I called Stacy and asked if she was
sure I was doing the right thing by hiring this lady, but Stacy assured me that
Miss Destiny would have my house spotless.... Just like hers.

When Thursday rolled around Miss Destiny showed up on time and got to work
immediately.  I figured the best course of action was to show her how I wanted
certain things done.  I simply MUST have things done my way, but she had a way
of talking that quickly seemed to turn the tables.  She insisted on showing me
the best way to clean the floor and bathroom, and before the day ways over my
house was in much better shape. It did not seem to dawn on me that I was working
right along side of Miss Destiny, maybe even doing more work then she did. I
promised myself that it would not happen again........ but..... the very next
day I found myself doing the very same thing.  I could not figure out how this
kept happening.  I let it go for the time being, and blamed it on my youth and
inexperience, but I was determined to show her who was boss when she comes to
work the next Thursday and Friday.

When Miss Destiny showed up for work that Thursday I was going to once and for
all put that uppity black bitch in her place, but when I tried to confront Miss
Destiny, I felt like a little girl trying to speak to an imposing figure.  My
voice cracked, and I stammered.  I could not even make eye contact!  I felt so
meek and helpless in the presence of this tall black Amazon lady.  So, by the
end of the month it was like I was working for Miss Destiny, she made sure that
it was I who did all of the heavy and hard work, and she even started inspecting
my work, and I found myself working harder and harder to please her, it gave me
a warm and fuzzy feeling when she told me I was doing a good job.  That Saturday
Stacy called and asked how things were working out between me and Miss Destiny,
I told her, "everything was working out fine" and that my house had never been
cleaner, which brought what I thought was a giggle from Stacy.

When Miss Destiny arrived for work the following week I was already peeking out
the window waiting for her. I had grown to really love and enjoy her company and
she was always willing to offer me advice and suggestions.  Those piercing dark
eyes of hers would not allow me to do anything but just shut up and listen to
what she had to say.

After about six months, I seemed to be under the complete control and influence
of Miss Destiny.  Though I don't consider myself gay, my feelings towards Miss
Destiny were the feelings I feel when I was falling in love with a man.  But
Miss Destiny was not a man; she was a woman, more woman than I had ever known
before.  She was the strongest most confident woman I had ever met.  Whenever,
she looked at me I turned into a giddy, silly schoolgirl.  Once she playfully
brushed her hand on my cheek and I unconsciously grabbed her hand and rubbed my
face against the smooth underside of her backhand.  The next week when she came
to work I made sure I had on the shortest shorts that I dared wear and I wore a
low cut blouse that if I had to lean over would show my ample charms to their
full advantage, I felt myself irresistible.

When Miss Destiny arrived her reaction was swift and to the point, she called me
a fucking white slut and whore, and said, "How dare I dress this way in front of
her without her permission".  My cheeks became flush red with embarrassment(I
could have died right there on the spot), and I honestly felt like the whore
that she had called me, but on the bright side, perhaps if I had only asked her
permission, maybe she would allow me to dress sexy for her.  I apologized to
Miss Destiny, the words flowed like the tears from my eyes.  I'm not sure of
everything I said but whatever it was it seemed to suffice, at least for the
time being.  I had known this woman for less than a year and yet somehow she now
controlled my every thought and action.  She had not showed any sexual interest
in me and yet she was all I could ever think about.  I who had never once ever
thought about being with a woman just one year ago was now willing to do
anything for a chance to make love to my maid.  To submit my once proud and
beautiful self to the whim of this Black Goddess seem to be my only goal. 
Perhaps, she felt sorry for me or maybe it was all part of her plan to make me
beg like a bitch in heat for her approval.  But she said the words I longed and
wanted to hear when she said, "get naked you fucking piece of white trash". 
Miss Destiny then threw me on the sofa and proceeded to rape me with her mouth. 
Her tongue was the stiffest thing I had had felt in my cunt in almost a year,
and just as I was about to come she slapped me hard across the face and said
that I was to never cum without her permission, I bit my lip hard and thrashed
as much as I could, but her strong arms held me pinned down, and my over excited
pussy was no match for her expert mouth.  To my embarrassment I came without her
permission. Miss Destiny angered by my disrespect of her forced me over her lap
and spanked me very hard, calling me a slut and whore, and with each name she
called me I became a slut and a whore... her white slut and whore.  Miss Destiny
then threw me back on the sofa and repeated the process all over again and I
soon fell deeply under her spell.  By the end of the day I was the living pet of
Miss Destiny.  I spent the night with Miss Destiny in my bed I gave her all my
mouth could offer.

I gave Miss Destiny a complete tongue bath, both front and back, paying special
attention to clean her underarms and backside.  Her smooth muscular body with
its flat stomach and large but yet firm breast took my breath away.  Under the
guidance and instruction of Miss Destiny I learned how to eat pussy and ass like
a pro that night.  I woke up the next morning with what felt like a hangover my
head was light and spinning but the moment I caught a whiff of Miss Destiny
pussy my head cleared and I dove face first between her thighs, loving the musty
sweet sticky taste of her pussy, and after eating three orgasms from her, she
slowly rolled over and presented her beautiful black ass to me. I needed no
encouragement to start serving it.  I planted hundreds of kisses over the smooth
cheeks before spreading those beautiful orbs to get a taste of her crack.  I ran
my tongue from the top to the bottom, tongue first I explored deeper and deeper
until my face was buried deep between the cheeks of her ass.  The little hole
puckered with each swipe of my tongue. The taste was heaven to me.  I begin to
suck her asshole and alternately pierced it's center with the tip of my tongue,
she forced more of her ass into may face and I gorged myself like a pig in a
trough, and then without warning I felt electric shocks in my
pussy................... I WAS CUMMING, I was cumming without being touched, I
was cumming from the act of eating Miss Destiny ass.  I could not believe it,
but I now had the ability to come without being touched.  Over the next several
days I came from eating her pussy as well, and by the end of the month Miss
Destiny had turned me into her complete slave.

In the weeks that followed Miss Destiny subjected me acts of almost unspeakable
depravity.  She controlled when and if I ate, she controlled when I went to the
bathroom and she took complete control of all my finances.

Miss Destiny stays here from Thursday through Sunday and I do not see her at all
between Monday and Wednesday, and I dare not ask where she is but just try and
deal with my unhappiness of not having her with me 24/7.  I cannot begin to
explain how hot it makes me when she takes normal mundane things like eating,
sleeping, and even house cleaning or even going to the bathroom to control and
sexually excite me.

There is something so very sexy and erotic about belonging to someone who is not
afraid to give me what I need.  It has been months since I have eaten my dinner
off of a plate.  I like being fed off of her plate and licking her fingers clean
afterwards. I enjoy giving Miss Destiny her pedicures and manicures and I have
become an expert at waxing and shaving her pussy.  It makes my mouth water
whenever I think about her hairless mound and how I am able to now eat pussy and
ass to her satisfaction.  Sometimes, she makes sure that I am so hungry that I
"literally" have to feed from her body for nourishment (she says that fasting is
a very important part of worship).  Now whenever I associate mental and physical
fulfillment I think of Miss Destiny, she is the God I now pray to.  I promised
Miss Destiny that if she was to die before I did that I would follow her to the
other side to be her slave for all eternity.  The material things that I once
valued so much now seem a far distant memory. I now know my place is at the feet
of Miss Destiny.  I'm still a cheap whore but the only dick I now serve is
strapped to Miss Destiny and it NEVER goes soft.  Miss Destiny promises to teach
me more about power exchange and I'm anxious to learn how to be a better slave,
and I'm not sure what else there is for me to learn but Miss Destiny says that
the past year was only just the beginning

 

It turns out that Stacy is the slave of Miss Destiny as well, and though the
thought of sharing my Mistress makes me jealous. Miss Destiny assures me that I
have nothing to worry about and that it makes no sense for all three of us to
live apart. Miss Destiny wants to try having both of her slave's live under one
roof.  Miss Destiny thinks the competition between us for her attention would
make us both better slaves, but there is no way I'm going to let that bitch
Stacy be a bigger slut than I am, she is going to have to make an appointment if
she wants to get her face Between the legs of Miss Destiny, because my tongue is
going to keep that sweet pussy and ass fulfilled 24 hours a day if I have to.





The End?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  femmeslave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





