BDSM Library - Spring Break Cruse




Spring Break Cruse
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: College coed goes on a spring break cruse.
This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.

If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.

No monetary compensation is required for this story, but I would
appreciate hearing form those of you who like my efforts.

Thank you.

              You have been warned!!!

=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=--==-=-==--=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-




                    Julia's spring break.

                      BY Paladin


As she set there, in the straight back chair, with the strip of fiber tape
around her naked middle, holding her rigidly upright against the wooden chair
back. Her eyes just naturally concentrated on the large chrome circle that was
the lens of the video camera. Like some large unblinking eye, bracketed by the
two red 'on' indicator lights focused totally on her. To all outward indicators
these showed, they were ready for her recitation's of her well rehearsed script.

The teleprompter device before her, showed it's copy of the script. She had been
forced to rehearse and rehearse, all yesterday after her 'work' period. 

It had been impressed on her, if she fucked up! .. Well she knew the
consequences.

From the camera's point of view, she would appear to be tastefully dressed, in a
gauze like dress, and meticulously made up for today's tapping.

But out of sight, in reality, her nudity was only draped with cloth. To make her
further aware of her condition, below the table, her abused body's private parts
were filled with a pair of extra large realistic yellow prods. These had been 
stuffed up inside her belly, by the ships officials, to remind her of her
subservience to the ships entertainments.

Though they would not show on the tape, being made here today, or so it had been
told to her. It had been made perfectly clear, the consequences of 'poor'
performance on her part. She would be corrected violently and immediately
through the tiny wires protruding from the prod's bases.

An eternity of pure agony .. like the last time .. during the initial rehearsals
would set fire inside her personal innards.

So now setting here, waiting for some technical glitch, or other to be solved,
her mind drifted back to those care free school days of other spring breaks.

This time, before this particular spring break, she had seen, in an 'adult
paper', an advertisement, for a really cheep, fun, cruse ship excursion, sailing
from the Mexican Gold Coast.

The brochures pictures of other cruses showed hundreds of scantily clad parties,
engaged in outrageous festivities. She had been enticed, and at the price, she
had rushed to sign on for the ships first cruse this season.

She felt she had studied hard! So she owed it to herself, to spend this time,
this year on shipboard, among the pictured parties.

Her high expectations, as she came aboard caused a general feeling of euphoria
in her beings very core. In a daze she went through the sign in, and then she
was told to follow the steward.

This cruse was going to be so great! She felt, as she blindly followed, the
brilliantly white uniformed ships steward, as he carried her luggage, ever
deeper into the boles of the large ship.

It was them, the euphoria became a nightmare.

Out of a side door-way, in a darkened passage way, two huge brutes emerged, and
easily dragged the short unsuspecting young woman, into a small darkened room.

Her luggage, disappeared on down the passage, never to be seen again.

Behind the closed secured door, inside the darkened closed off room, the two men
wasted no time. One grabbed her by the throat and lifted her up against the
metal wall, by his hold.

"What are you do ..."


She managed before her lack of air silenced her. As she fought the choking hands
of one man, the other went to work, unfastened her jeans and pulling them along
with her panties down her legs to her feet.

Suddenly she found herself choking and half NAKED!

The man loosed his grip on her neck, and now she was trying to stand on the
unsure footing of her jeans and panties tangling her ankles.

The second man easily now grabbed her thin t-shirt and dragged it over her head.

"Stop that! HELP! HELP!",

She started to cried, with her new found air supply. The two experienced
attackers went on with their work. They easily stripped off her sensible bra
despite her feeble attempts to stop them.

Now that they had her stripped her, TOTALLY NAKED!, They easily tapped her
floundering wrists together, and securing them down over her round protruding
naked belly. Using another longer strip of extra wide fiber tape, around her
middle, they hoisted her up on to a firm wooden surface.

Easily they affixed her joined wrists below her quaking belly. Another strip of
the tape applied over her tits, secured her, on her naked back, down over the
rigid surface of a heavy butcher block table, the only furniture in the room.

The men, till now, had paid no attention to her verbal objections, screams, and
pleadings. 

Now they stuffed a large synthetic yellow kitchen sponge, into her resisting
twisting mouth. After forcing the bulk of sponge into her oral cavity, they
secured it by a liberal coating of extra wide fiber tape over her lips and lower
face. This quelled further intelligent loud vocal objections to her outrageous
treatment.

Her shifting legs, were now, captured. Her naked knees were then raised up over
her cringing chest by one of the men, while the other man secured her ankles to
opposite sides of the table's rails.

Despite her struggles one man, easily slid between her now parted thighs. There
a large digital camera was set up, and a number of photographs of her open
defenseless privates were taken.

The brute put away the camera, dropped his pants, took out his nasty organ and
advanced on her gaping open sex. With Julia now able to offer little resistance,
the man 'had his way' with her now helpless open sex.

It was just a mechanical fuck.

She was horrified! She could do nothing to prevent it's happening to her, or the
man's achieving pleasure in her.

She shifted around on the rigid surface, trying to do something to resist,
receiving no pleasure, as the horrible, greasy, mustached man went about sawing
into her dry defenseless hole for his own pleasure.

The man, a no doubt an experienced rapist, proceeded to completion of his act,
and had his release of spunk inside her sex hole.

Satisfied, he paused, letting his gross sweating body rest on top of her
squirming nudity.

Finally rested and sated, he then backed his shrunken pud out of her.

Standing there between her spayed legs, he casually put his dick away, fixed up
his pants and patted her now dripping sex, like one would, pet an animal who
performed well for him.

The man now applied two more bands of the tough fiber tape to her now sweating
outraged naked body.

Another one above her heaving tits, and another down about her waist, firmly
affixing her naked body, captive, secure and helpless.

She knew she was here for the rest of the day, on the rigid table, in the dingy
lit dirty room. Her body theirs whenever they wanted.

Without a word, the men then turned, after testing her taped bonds, and left her
laying there naked, rapped, and alone.

The absence of the men left her frantic. She hated what had been done, but her
predicament left her no doubt, they would be back at any moment and .. 

Soon she found by struggling, she could not get lose.

After a while, she tired and could only lay back there scared, naked, and
wondering, what she had done to cause this, to happen to her.

Later, as she lay here in her misery, with the pool of cooling cum, still
dripping out of her hole, she began weeping. It was in this miserable condition,
she felt the ship leave the dock, and get underway.

What seemed like a very long time later, one of the brutes, who had raped and
secured her to the table, came back into the room. Without even a word to her,
he began wheeling her tabled nudity out of the room, down the dark hall-way.

Suddenly through a large door-way, she found herself wheeled into what passed
for this ship's brightly lighted grand ball room.

Looking about frantically, for some help or hope of release, what she perceived,
was a number of other naked tabled female bodies, similarly secure to similar
tables. They were all being arranged throughout the large room, in neat rows
with widely spaced isles.

Shortly after all the tables were arranged and securely locked in place, in the
neat rows, the far doors of the room, were thrown opened. A trickle people, what
she later learned were, ships passengers, were allowed into the room. The motley
collection of people saunter into the room, and pass freely through out the rows
of naked, available female bodies.

As she lay back on her table, cringing from all these strangers passing around
her viewing her nudity. She tried to make herself as small as possible, all the
time hopped for some release. As time went by and stray hands, male and female,
fondled, pinched and prodded her displayed nudity, she grew more and more
desperate.

Then one particularly filthy, bearded male passenger, seemed to take a very
great interested in her open available sex.

He looked into it, felt both the plumb labia, opened the holes' grommets with
his thumbs, for a long look inside, smelled it, pinched it and finally blew air
up inside her orifices. 

All the while Julia's cringing body felt like she was piece of meat, or a pig
put up on display for everyone's amusement. It was mortifying to a normally
modest young college student.

After this minute inspecting of her, and her private openings, the gross man,
now started fingering her breasts, tweaking her nipples between the strips of
tape etc.,

Finally smiling to himself the dirty man, turned, and walked directly over to a
long table, against the far wall of the ball room.

There he spoke hurriedly with quick glances back toward Julia's table, to a
ship's official, with lots of gold brad on his uniform. Gestured toward her
table the man and the official seemed to at first argue and then come to some
sort of agreement.

All the while she tried to make herself smaller but she could not move.

Frantically she looked around but saw no relief there, as most of the other
naked female bodies were themselves being 'inspected' by men and even WOMEN
passengers.

Across the room, she saw money being exchanged, and then the pair of men ambling
back toward her table.

The uniformed male casually, leaned over her shirking nudity, and without
warning, snapped an old fashioned, wooden close pin over her nostrils, closing
off her access to AIR!

Her reaction was immediate and violent. Modesty left her. She twisted any way
she could trying to shake off the close pin to get access to .. AIR!

As she attempted to escape the restriction, of the closed nasal passages, by
shaking her head, and shuttering, all the while, the ship's official, smiled
down at her, disinterestedly gauging her condition.

She on the other hand found herself rapidly running out of air, spasming less
and less.

As she shook and shuddered through this ordeal, the filthy man busied himself,
dropping his pants and filthy underwear, exposing a nasty looking fat, hair
coated prick.

Then with no regard for her condition, he, with prick in hand, approached her
defenseless open shuttering sex. His burning eyes and stiff organ had but one
goal .. and her hole was going to receive their total attention!

Suddenly the ship's official, nonchalantly reached out, and unclipped the close
pin from her nose.

As her empty lungs filled with sweat, fresh air, violently, her body convulsed.
Till finally she came to rest and just lay back, on her table trying to recover,
form her first bout, with oxygen depravation. Her hole perceptions were on the
official instructs being given to her,

"Signora! Jew are now one of this ships' 'entertainers'. Jew will give this one
and all jouy customers a fine ride .. or we cut off jour air again .. in either
case he .. um .. they will enjoy that too .. You will not! Comprende?"

The handsome smiling face looking down at her, and the filthy mans presence, now
between her easily parted legs, assured her,

&lt;This was no joke! These men were serious!&gt;

She had no choice through teary eyes, she shook her head 'yes', indicating her
acceptance of the condition of her continuing to breath.

At this point, she would of agreed to anything just to keep breathing.

Suddenly the official reached over her, and she felt a pair of greased fingers,
enter her dry vagina, something greasy being smeared inside it, lubricating it
.. for her customer easier entry.

She now felt truly like someone's greased pig.

Then the filthy man, her first customer, flung his dirty body up over her belly
and chest. She became aware of the mans 'mounting up' inside her now greased
hole.

The man smiled into her frightened eyes, and hurriedly began to saw away at her
stunned consciousness. She froze so as to do nothing to bring displeasure, but
the 'customer' suddenly stopped, in mid stroke, and began complaining in an
unknown language, to the ships official.

Again the uniformed man appeared over her face. Again he clamped her nostrils
shut with the wooden close pin.

"Puta! No one like a lazy puta." the ships official sighed, as again her lungs
began to screamed for AIR!

He explained to her dilating eyes, the ships 'entertainers' helped! their
customers get off. They were required to wrapped their legs around their
customers ass, and meet them, thrust for thrust, till the customer was
satisfied. I

t was not enough, as she had done in the past, for her to just lay there waiting
for her lover to do all the work .. to amuse her.

Here, now, she had to take an active part .. She had to fuck back! And
'entertain' her fucker.

Julia understood her role, at this ship's functions. She hated it, but if she
wanted to keep breathing .. She'd 'entertain' and entertain well.

After she shook her acceptance of this new role, the close pin was opened, and
precious air again filled her lungs.

As the filthy man again flopped onto her shrinking nudity, Julia immediately
entwined her legs around his ass, and frantically began to met his rapid,
sporadic thrusting, thrust for thrust.

Mercifully her first customer, was soon satisfied and withdrew from her core.

She herself felt nothing, but disgust for her 'customer' and this service, she
had provided, but she had survived him.

Another smiling ships official approached her open, recently vacated sex now,
with a young naked brown girl on a leash. Julia could see that the girls tiny
sex and face were liberally decorated with big colorful designs tattooed into
her clear skin in multiple bright colors. The tattoo's were, all representations
of the ships festive logo.

Unhesitantly the small girl leaned in, peeled Julia's labia back and buried her
small face inside it. Her lips and tongue frantically began cleansing away the
spendings of Julia's first customer, all the while the breadth of the girl
indicated to Julia where the girl's face was.

At this sight, and then the feel of the girl's oral ministrations, a horrified
Julia felt her hole body go into unwanted hyper activity.

In the space of just a few hours on this cruse, she had been stripped, raped,
whored out, and now was experiencing her first lesbian contact.

What was her body doing? It seemed to love the violent attentions.

Horrified she realized, her body was experiencing SEXUAL STIMULATION! from the
ministrations of this girl's face and tongue.

Her body was disgusting her intellect but ..

Then the little cleaner lifted up her face, to peer over Julia's pubic hair.

Then holding eye contact with her, the girl laved the center of Julia's being,
and her tiny love button.


Immediately, as she had never had anything like this, Julia had her first, great
sloppy, lesbian climax!

Smiling the 'cleaner' withdrew her face from it's completed task.

Now she quickly shoved her tiny balled up fist right into Julia's vagina.

Suddenly Julia found herself going from female ecstasy, to blinding vaginal pain
as the smiling little bitch continued to twist and fist fuck Julia's formally
tight vaginal hole.

At a smiling nod from the ships official, the little sadist withdrew her fist
from Julia's now aching vagina, and the two walked away from her table.

As she lay there, drained, trying to recover, another ships official, approached
her table. This time he release her hands, form their captive position bound
over her belly, and began again instructing her.

This time without cutting off her air, she concentrated on his every word.

"Jew keep the customers happy, jew fluff up their dicks, while jew pumping away
the mens, jew entertain Comprende!"

Horrified she understood .. She hated it .. But she knew the consequences .. so
.. she went to work right away.

As she was receiving here instructions, a smiling black man was readied himself
between her legs. He slotted himself in Julia's sex and urgently started sawing
in her hole, violently!

She immediately entwined his naked black ass, with her slim white legs, and met
his every thrust despite his actions.

As she went about 'entertaining' her fucker, with her hole and body, she felt
her recently freed hands being placed around a pair of semi-hard male
appendages. Mindful of her continuing need for air, Julia went right to work.
She pump up the soft dicks to full stiffness, like she had done before, when she
wished to avoid fucking some jerk, in the back seat of someone's car. The
difference here was she still had to fuck any and all jerks who paid the ships
company also..

As she 'entertained', unusually bright lights from time to time, caused her to
realize that a variety of camera men and cameras, assured that her every action,
was being recorded for some future use.

The rest of her first night at sea, was a never-ending procession of soft, then
stiff, then spurting, and finally soft greasy male organs. She lost count after
7 or was it 8?

She would never be sure the number of dicks she 'entertained' her first night on
the spring break curse.

When finally the action around her nudity waned. The crowds of gawkers abated it
was getting late.

The table, with Julia on it, was wheeled out of the huge brightly lit room, into
a car wash like tunnel. There a naked, grossly fat, older woman, also sprouting
the ship's logo in her denuded crotch, with a hose wand, first rinsed, then
soaped up, and again rinsed off the unfortunate 'entertainer's' sex and sweating
body.

The putrid cat box like stench wreaking from her body, was abated. For that at
least she was grateful, but her vagina, till now accustomed to 'entertaining' at
most one dick a night or in really less than one a week, ached from all it's
use. She was sure she would never be the same again.

Then Julia, still affixed to the butcher block table, was wheeled out of the
wash area, into a long dark passage way.

She was left there, with a number of others, in the dark hot dry air, and
allowed to sleep away the rest, of her first night on her spring break cruse.

Day two

At first light, she recognized, the uniformed ship's official peering down at
her. His smiling continence filled her field of vision again. Her hands ached
from fluffing all those dicks, and her sex still radiated pain from it's over
use at last night cruse's function. She tried to cover her nose, less he again
clip shut her nose.

This time, though, the official placed a clip board and a bag full of passports
onto the table beside Julia's head.

He searched in the bag, periodically looking at the little passport book's
photos, till he found a match, her passport.

Holding it open beside her face, he seemed please at the match. He began,

"Julia Smithers .. no? Your hole, she be sore .. NO? Big mistake! Last night.
Dum crew men forgot! Jew be working here with no contract .. but ve all know
putas, jew american college girls are .. so no real harm done. NO? OK? So now
you sign .. 'contract'. NO?"

As he talked, his left hand idly began toying with her available left tit. As it
rose, his fingers began to twist the now stiffened left nipple. When her other
nipple stiffened he captured it too with his other hand and again inquired,

"Jew want to sign jour contract .. now .. No? or later?"

Still gagged, with the sopping sponge still held inside her mouth, with the wide
tape over her lower face, she could only shake her head in response.

This was too much!

They had mistaken her for ..

She certainly would not sign any contract! EVER!

She'd sue this bastard and .. Her travel agent .. the ship .. and ..

She shook her head, 'NO!" violently.

The man shrugged his massive shoulders and motioned for someone just beyond her
field of vision to approach her spread open abused sex.

A totally naked wrinkled old woman, with long stringy hair all over her body
approached between her legs. This woman had the ships logo tattooed into her
wrinkled sex flesh, and tits. The man again, casually taped both her wrists
together, despite her resistance, and secured them, this time to the strip of
tape still holding her captive below her tits. The old woman extracted a bottle
brush from a thin tube of rose colored fluid.

Despite her attempts to resist, the experienced, horrible old woman, easily
opened Julia's aching sex hole, and rammed the dripping brush, right up into her
already sore vagina's depths.

The stiff bristles, easily forced open her delicate sore internal vaginal walls.
Then with a smile, the old crone gave the brush a wicked twist.

Julia belly exploded with scrapping PAIN!

The bottle brush, it's work done was hastily withdrawn.

Her mucus membranes were irritated before, but the fluid, (a pepper-cinnamon
mix) would keep burning, in her innards for a long while now.

The smiling ship's 'official' picked up, his clip board and bag of passports and
casually walked to another table, saying,

"Jew think about it. Ve sure jew come to right decision some time sooner or
later. Eo come back .. maybe .. "

The burning in her belly and sex was immediate and incessant!

She twisted and turned as much as she was able but nothing helped the internal
fire in her belly and sex. Clenching and twisting her captive hands did nothing
to alleviate the burning, but she kept up the futile efforts.

Some time, an eternity later to her, the smiling ships official again came back
to her table.

Her whole being seemed to be on FIRE! Perspiration covered her. The internal
dose of the stuff was still working making her existence truly unbearable.

Julia, this time, when asked, rapidly agreed to sign her 'entertainers'
contract.

Using his pocket knife, he freed her hands, and held the clip board for her to
sign the papers.

She signed.

The official then rose to leave.

"UUUUUUUU!!!!!" She pleaded.

She made as much noise and motion as she could, begging him to get her some
relief from the internal burning.

"AWW! Jew need some moisture to cool him down?" he said petting her now red, raw
crotch. "How bout jew do this till eo get jew the old woman back."

Then he guided her hands to her sea and her exposed red raw clit.

"Jew rub this one, and he help till I get her back. OK?"

He informed her.

Horrified she starred at him, but he just stood there smiling, waiting for her
to obey ..

Finally reluctantly, she began to perform her most personal act, before another
person for the first time ever.

She knew she had to show him, she would do as he wanted.

So hoping he would go get the old woman quickly, she began to masturbate. She
hopped it would provide her sex a little relief till the old woman came.

When the old woman finally arrived, she seemed delighted to see Julia hard at
work, masturbating her self, frantically to achieve some relief. Smiling the
wrinkled hand of the crone, teased the naked college girl, turned 'entertainer',
with a syringe of cooling water. She goaded Julia on, making her perform faster
and faster, before granting the much needed relief. Finally tiring of the game,
the old woman slapped the tired hands from the red inflamed clit, and injected
the copious water needed to quench the burning cunt. As it flooded into her
burning orifice Julia slowed attempts at masturbation's of her cunt.

One of the brutes, who had stripped her the first day, approached her tabled
nudity again, and using a large hunting knife, cut her loose from the table.

The ham like hands, easily man handled her unresisting body up off the table,
and forced her down onto her knees, in front of his smelly crotch.

Tearing off the tape sealing her jaw, with no regard for her skin, he pried out
the sponge and then motioned for her to go on to his crotch.

An aching Julia, now with her lower face burning also, had heard of this
disgusting act, but NEVER! .. NEVER! had she ever, even considered, given such
service to any of her previous lovers, but the clenched fist of this brute and
his casual violence to her person before let her know,

&lt;She was going to do anything he wanted and do it. NOW! Right here for
him.&gt;

So with pain in her belly, jaw and elsewhere, kneeling naked before one of her
employers, she reluctantly reached to the greasy crotch, and released the
disgusting hairy organ, from the greasy pants. All the while she was mentally
preparing herself to DO IT!

The sight and smell of his disgusting organ took her breath away .. She was sure
she would be SICK! But the presence of the man's huge fist and now his other
hand tangled tightly in her hair, convinced her, she had to do it, and she was
going to do IT, HERE, NOW!

She resigning herself, to her fate. She oval her lips, leaned forward, and
hesitantly sucked the nasty male organ, into her precious oral cavity.

Seeing that she was cooperating, the man released his fist, moved his right hand
to her to the left side of her head, and grabbing a firm hold of her left ear.
Then using his left hand grip in her hair, and his right fingers twisting her
fragile ear, the brute proceeded to face fuck her mouth, like one of those
artificial vagina fuck toys.

She was given no choice, the man carried on, fucking her face and seeking ever
deeper access to her now suffering throat at his own pace and leisure. His own
pleasure, not her's was the brute's goal.

After a short while, the brute movements suddenly became frantic, or should we
say more frantic than before, culminating with him, seemingly trying to force
ever more of his nasty organ deep into her face and throat.  

Then sputtering with a sigh of relief he stopped, on a down stroke, and held the
nasty organ, there, deep inside her gullet, draining all his putrid cream inside
her spasming esophagus.

Frantically Julia tried to by pushing at his huge belly with her hands to get
his nasty organ out of her throat. She desperately tried to force him to let her
breath, but he in his pleasureful cum seemed to take no notice of her puny
efforts at decoupling from the rigid organ.

Then, when she was sure, she was going to suffocate, or drown in his copious
cum, the disgusting organ began shrinking by itself, and began to withdraw from
her air way and gaping mouth.

Suddenly she was able to breath at first around the retreating organs greatly
reduced girth and length.

The precious air was again entering her lungs.

She was going to live!

Sensing movement she froze, right there, on her knees naked with the shrinking
male organ withdrawing and slipping back out of her mouth. 

She did nothing ... nothing to interfere with his pleasure. If she did he might
begin to ..

He decoupled from her lips with a wet sickening 'pop'. Finally he bent over,
pulled up his pants, tucked his now soft dick back inside his under-ware and
staggered away, from the hyperventilating naked Julia as she bent over, dry
heaving, trying to regain some semblance of composure.

Her first 'blow job' had ended .. and she was alive .. Though she now had a
truly nasty taste in her mouth and throat.

Another man approached her with another ship's official with a clip board.

Together the men lifter an unresisting Julia up to her feet and frog marched the
choking 'entertainer' over to a curious wheeled frame.

She offered no resistance as she was sat down on the frames base. There a soft,
prods, stuck up filling her sore red hole. The men spreading her knees and
lifted her legs into a position like one would assume on an english horse
saddle. She now found herself filled, and bent in half as the men using a choke
collar, secured her head up, facing forward from the stand. Her mouth was now
readily available for 'customer's' organs. Her free hands naturally hung down
over her crotch. Her fingers took up a position directly down over her hooded
clit. Many strips of the fiber tape fastened around her middle held her belly to
the support. She knew she was not available, and convenient for oral sex!

"Now puta, pay attention! This is the ships wonderful 'crotch cruiser'. As jew
are now experienced, having done it once now. Jew are now a crotch
'entertainer;.. Now to make it more pleasing for jew, while jour lips work, jew
will reach up, and massage the customers balls but, when you are not busy
sucking, and massaging balls, jew masturbate jour self to show the customers,
what a hot bitch jew are for it. Comprend'a?"

The sucking fixture had wheels underneath it, which allowed the men to wheel the
naked affixed Julia into the now familiar ball room. Again she was positioned in
a near row, of other frames with other cock suckers mounted on them. The 'crotch
cruisers' were all conveniently positioned with a large upholstered comfortable
chair in front of them.

"OK! Puta stroke that nasty bud, or I have the old woman put some fire up it for
jew, and remember to be polite to your customers. Show um jew are happy .. and
pleasure them."

She could imagine no worse circumstances in her life. At least last night, most
of the night, she was under some rutting male body, or other. But here, now she
was required to squat here with her chest totally exposed, bobbing her head in
someone's nasty crotch, to please him. Also when not 'working' she was to
masturbating herself to show how hot she was. Thus all the while, till her mouth
was required for a male's pleasure, she would masturbate herself like a
performing animal.

It was horrible, but she knew she had to do it.

A nicely dressed older woman came over to her position, sat down in the
comfortable chair, peered down at her crotch and ordered,

"Stroke that nasty thing ja PUTA."

The smiling woman leaned forward, intently scrutinized Julia's masturbatory
technique.

Julia couldn't help it. She teared up immediately, but obeyed and continued to
masturbate, as she had been instructed under the woman's scrutiny.

The older woman scrunched closer, in front of her, reared back, and suddenly
snaked her right foot up, into Julia's crotch and masturbating hand hard. 

A wet "slamk" resulted in blinding pain in her center. Julia tried to cover her
injured crotch but the old woman wouldn't have it.

"You better pay attention to me you nasty BITCH! Or I'll have them remove that
slimy strip of skin and I'll make you eat it. Now beat that thing. Really give
it a work out. Put some life in it .. Show me some life."

The nasty old woman, now sat back there, threatening at any moment to kick start
her crotch again and when ever she showed any signs of slowing down in her
humiliating task.

When Julia saw the woman motion for the wrinkled woman with the tube and bottle
brush she commenced to violently rubbing and breathing in unison with the
building orgasms.

Then as both the old women observed her, she scrubbed her little pink bud and
it's delicate cloaking lips through more and more violent climaxes.

During a budding climax, Julia's down cast eyes perceived a pair of dilapidated
dirty black leather boots, which had stopped in front of her fixed nudity.

Then a short, rather greasy looking brown skinned male appendage, rising up from
a nest of smelly black pubic hair, filled her field of vision. A grimy male
customer had arrived and required servicing.

She did not wait for any instruction. With gaping wide open, lips she captured
the disgusting little organ and drew it into her oral cavity.

While she was 'entertaining', something tapped her idle right hand. Suddenly she
understood.

She quickly raised up her right hand, and with sore fingers reached into the
hairy nest, to grasp the hair encrusted balls.

When she found the tiny pulsating ovals, she gently fingered them, softly.

A satisfying moan from the belly above her laboring forehead informed her ..

&lt;She was pleasing her customer!&gt;

A bony hand took her idle left hand, and forced it against her now idle clit.

The message was clear!

&lt;RUB THE LITTLE NUBBIN! OR ELSE!&gt;

So as she bobbed her head, laved the prick's leaking head, massaged the hairy
balls, she was now required to keep her own organs excited and orgasiming while
servicing her 'customers'.

Suddenly her mouth was flooded with the nasty tasting, fishy smelling tea spoon
volume of cock cream, that informed her,

'Her customer was satisfied'.

She wanted to spit the putrid stuff out, but just the nastiness of the stuff,
caused her own body to climax, and so unordered, she swallowed all of the
horrible stuff. She even licked the excess off her lips and when she let go of
the hair covered orbs, she felt .. LOSS!

Combined with her constant masturbations, she was again building a cum deep
inside her own core, as the she spit shinned the retreating male organ being
pulled from her lips.

Frantically she looked over to the right. She saw a grossly fat, bald headed man
approaching her position. In front of her captive nudity, the man dropped his
pants, unveiling folds of luminescent white fat. Underneath the overhanging
belly were a microscopically little pee-pee with a small hairy ball sack hanging
down.

After her previous suck meat this one almost made her laugh .. almost!

"Sonny this here girl give ya any guff, you call old granny and she put fire in
her performance. You hear?" the naked old hairy woman informed Julia's next
customer.

The bottle brush in her hand, left no doubt in Julia's mind 'granny' would
correct any levity.

So standing beside her fat customer, 'granny' oversaw the mouth action of the
college student, turned tyro mouth 'entertainer'.

The man reached down, captured his little pud, with the thumb and fore finger of
his right hand and advanced upon her head, with his pants still around his
ankles, he sat down in the chair and awaited servicing.

Julia stretched out her neck and captured the baby dick head into her mouth.

Her forehead met his copious belly before his dick body could be sucked inside
her oral cavity. Frantically Julia employed her secrete weapons, her tongue and
flying fingers.

Knowing that 'granna's' displeasure would be a cause of pain,, Julia her turned
her head side ways and was then able to closed her lips around as much of the
little organ's length.

She dare not look 'granna's' way, but scrubbed her clit through yet another
climax, before the baby dick in her suctioning mouth spit it's microscopic
'load'.

The small amount of the nasty tasting goo, again caused her to climax.

So the pattern was set. Through her 'entertaining' duties as a mouth slut, she
continuously built up her inner fire and climaxed with each taste of the nasty
male cream.

Once she got the hang of it, she felt soo happy with herself. No more would the
two old women bother her. She could just squat there and 'entertain' dicks and
climax!

At the end of the night, defined as when the last customer was satisfied with
her mouth, she was deliriously happy. Though her lips hurt, she had found the
secrete to her sexual fulfillment. She could rub herself off with or without a
dick in her mouth, and she could do it in front of anyone!

A uniformed ships steward maneuvered her 'crotch cruser', with her on it, to the
long wash tunnel. There again the naked fat woman hosed her down washing off the
excess cock cream which had coated her head, hair, and body.

When the woman moved on, Julia was again allowed to squat there and dry. It was
then, coming down from the euphoria of all her many cums that Julia's
consciousness returned to normal. She suddenly realized what had really taken
place.

She had gone from an almost nieve, innocent young woman, through the victim
state, now to WHORE!

Here on her fixture she had begun masturbating to please the old women, but as
the night progressed, she had become the 'cock sucker' she was portraying. She 
had not only liked it. She reveled in each and every squirt of cum she ingested.

Now aside from sore lips, and tired hands, her belly was doing flip - flops as
all she had been feed in days .. was thick creamy portions of cock cream.

The inevitable camera man, with bright lights, came in for a close up, detailed
study of her well used face.

She was sure now these pictures would be used for some sinister purpose, soon.

The brute who had face fucked her reached down, loosed her legs from the
fixture, and hauled her almost to vertical. Because of her long suffering on the
fixture, her legs had turned to rubber. The brute man handled her over to a
straight backed kitchen chair shoved a pair of prods up into her, and plopped
her down, soundly.

It was then that the dummys, were forced up deep into her belly when she was
fixed onto the chair. From then on, their presence was incessant in her belly. A
constant reminder of her 'entertainer' statis. 

Like two burring animals they rose up from their acquired positions, and sought
out deeper climes.

Because her mouth was unimpeded, she tried to scream the house down,

"AAAAAAHHHHHHHAAAAAAAA!"

No one paid the slightest attention. The brute went about his task, winding a
fresh length of fiber tape around her middle and the chair's back.

The borrowing things found their new higher place and her pain dulled to an
almost tolerable ache.

Hoping she was threw for the day she tried to put her head down and pass out.

The brute did not allow her the rest. He gripped her hair and ran a strand of
tape around her neck to the chair back. If she persisted in falling forward, she
would slowly strangle herself to death.

Given her current lot, she considered this, but a piece of plain white paper was
slid in front of her eyes.

A uniformed ships steward informed her,

"This is jour speech, for tomorrows big taping. Jew do her good, and jew get
better treatment. Jew fuck up and I get the old woman to heat up jour ass.
Comprenda?"

The presence of the old woman with her thin tubular bottle and it's bottle brush
convinced her. More than any cramming she had ever had to do .. This was one
recitation she would know letter perfect whenever they wanted her to recite it.

For hours and hours the old woman and the steward coached her. She learned the
words and also that the stage instructions on the page were not just there for
decoration.

While reciting the lines, she had to smile into the cameras lens, convincingly
at all times.

When her gaze strayed, the steward produced a fly swatter and corrected her
gaze, inflection and all, with a swat or two to her unprotected titties.

They went over, and over her 'lines' till she knew them perfectly. Satisfied the
steward rewarded her by fondling her titties to alleviate the pain they had
experienced.

Suddenly to great relief she saw the old woman leave and the fat washer woman
enter the chamber. This woman paid attention to cleaning up the dried on cum all
over her chin and chest. She even shampooed the tangled hair left after Julia's
second day of the cruse.

Later, a cosmetic case was produced and Julia's face was made up better than she
had ever been able to herself. The woman rouged her areolas and coated her
nipples with bright red lipstick.

Then a thin gauze like material was draped over her captive nudity and she was
left alone in the room with the tripod mounted camera's eye observing her in her
costume finery.

They were not ready for her, but was she ready to say what they wanted.

The memories of how her breasts throbbed under the fly swatter tutelage
convinced her .. 'YES!' She would say her lines .. perfectly.

She would SMILE!

She was ready!


THE TAPING

Finally the technical difficulties were cleared up, and the from the actions of
the men, Julia knew the dreaded taping of her speech was about to begin.

The official Julia had seen, through her nightmare cruse experiences, the one
with all the gold braid on his gleaming white uniform, and, cap, picked up the
lose microphone and began a well rehearsed dissertation, towering over the
cringing woman,

"Seniors and Sonorities, I am Hapatiano Ernesto of the cruse ship "Haito". She
be one fine vessel with every emanaty for jour comfort and luxury.

"It is my wish, to welcome jew on the next, or maybe one of our future cruises
of my very fine ship."

"All passengers, on my great ship, are guaranteed a most fine time. Through the
cruse, we offer you, unlimited sun, the fine blue waterw, and many, many other
amusements. Through the cruse, we offer a wonderful assortment of fine cheep
drinks. On my ship, you will find a full complement of beautiful, available,
willing partners, for any and all the fun activity, jew could ever want or have
ever heard tell of. And just maybe some that jew will have to see to believe.
But never fear, if you don't know it, we will show you how to do him."

"Throughout the cruse, we will be in international waters. There the only
governing laws, for your activities, is the Hapitano, ME!, my rules, are the
only ones the ship company will enforce. But as I am a very reasonable, liberal
minded man, so be assured, nothing fun, for jew, will be rejected, or consider
unreasonable and never, never, a crime."

"To acquaint you on how things go on board my ship, I have arranged for you to
hear the testimony of one of our satisfied passengers, a very beautiful, happy
young lady. So here, let me present.. one Miss Julia Smithers! of the great
state of California."

"First let me say, she is very beautiful and typical of all the young women, you
will find through your stay with us at sea."

The camera, which till now, had been fully focused, in close up, on the greasy
smiling ship's Captain, now shifted down, to a painfully smiling Julia. In her
arranged pose. She showed only happiness.

Smiling the wide mouth gleaming teeth smile required, Julia, began her enforced,
much rehearsed speech. As she appeared to focus on the camera, she was in
reality, totally aware of the two large prods deep inside her quivering belly
and the agony the little black wires inside them could create inside her, if she
messed up the taping.

Smiling soo much it hurt, Julia began her scripted lines, looking straight into
the camera's all seeing eye. The camera's chrome enclosed lens recorded
everything.

"Hi! There! My name as the Captain has told you, is Julia Smithers. I am
currently a student at ULA, Santa Barbara. Before I tell you of the wonderful
cruse, let me first say a special hello to all you students out there looking
for a fun spring break. Oh! And a very special hello to Cathy, Susan, and all
those of you in Professor's Nolan's Sociology class. If you need a break from
all that studying, a fun time in the sun and blue ocean waters is just the thing
for you, not to mention the ability to come together with other similar young
students."

Julia's internal fleshy grommets tightened around the dummy prods as she thought
of this message, and many students, maybe even her friends, who would be
persuaded to come down here, and sign up for this cruse, from her performance on
the tape.

"I took this cruse, last week for the first time ever and let me tell you .. It
was like nothing, I have ever experienced. No joking, it was the best time of my
life! So, any of you, out there, who want one hell of a special spring break,
this year or maybe just a memorable weekend to relax, and unwind from all those
books, come on down here. Captiano Ernesto and the members of his staff and crew
will see to it, you will be lavishly entertained, and pampered, form the moment
you come on board."

The required speech done, she just sat there, hoping her performance was
acceptable, despite what had actually happened to her.

She held her enforced smile, starring into the camera lens.

As the minutes stretched by, it appeared to her, her performance must had been
good enough, to forestall the burning pain the prods could produce in her
delicate innards. 

After an eternity of silence, Captain Ernesto finally spoke up to the camera
man,

"Well the bitch, did good .. for the college women's tape. You should have
enough, to edit it, for release to her other college friends, and other women's
dorms around the country. Now let's do the other one. The one for the nasty 
perverts of the world."

Then he reached down and took her shoulders and demanded,

"Stand up Puta! We have another tape to make. We make this one for your
'customers' out there in the many porno houses and adult book stores. You will
go along with everything I say. Don't forget the consequences of misbehavior on
your part."

WHAT!!!

Julia thought, she was through! The first tape was it. She felt she was done.
She had followed the script, to the letter. She had smiled through the taping as
ordered.

What was this?

Another tape? for 'PERVERTS' OH GOD!

As she swayed there on her unsteady legs, Julia's belly clenched tightly around
the filling prods. Her hands struggling to maintain the loosely flowing cloth,
that had been made, to appear to be wonderful dress of gauze like material for
the camera's first tape.

"For this tape, we'll use my same introductory message, but this time we will
show the 'customers' a little of the bitch's goodies. They will want to see,
feel, and can expect to find willing female companions, like PUTA here whenever
they cruse with us."

When the tape was changed, and all was ready, the Captain began again with his
new smooth practiced, new speech.

"Those of you out there, who wish to have an unlimited fun time experience. I
mean a 'no limits' time with the many fine little whores, like this one here, in
the no holes bar setting of sexual encounters on our cruse."

Grabbing the gauze like cloth that was Julia's only covering, Ernesto, easily
tore it down from the grasp of her right hand, exposing the shy plump naked
right breast of the camera's lens to the horror of the young college student.

He now began, to casually, palm the fleshy orb, as he went on with his easy
spiel,

"This one, here, she is one fresh new, almost inexperience whore, but like all
the 'entertainers' on board 'The Herto' she is egar to please, you, the
customer. If any of the whores fail to please, don't hesitate to bring them to
the attention of myself, of any of the ships officials."

"We operate like any modern business, on the fine principle of 'The customer is
all ways right!'"

"If after you have picked out a whore, say like this one, and you are refused,
insulted, not satisfied, or for any reason feel cheated, you bring him to my or
one of my officers or staff attention."

"We have been in this business long enough to know how to see to it. Jew will
get jour TOTAL SATISFACTION!"

"Now just look at the smooth smiling flesh of this whore. Her tittiess are so
soft .. I get hard every time I feel him, and I feel him whenever I pass by them
during the day, in the course of my duties. "

Another tug, this time to the other side of Julia's only covering totally
denuded her, before the camera and it's recording advertisement for the ship,
and it's next cruse and all future business.

The powerful right hand rose up and gripped Julia's hair, holding and steadying
her total nudity upright, for the tapes viewers to peruse her total femininity.

Her hands, at first sought to obscure her precious female bits, but the
director's menacing frown, let her know such would bring PAIN. So she manage to
put her hands down, and avoid the man's wrath by keep her appendages fluttering
at her side.

"Now some say, letting a young whore, like this one, Julia here, keep her hairy
crotch, obscures the merchandise." The captain's left hand ran over her crotches
neatly trimmed feminine strip of hair. "Well ve aim to please, and as this one
is an entertainment tape, in future, we will edit in the segment of her first of
many shavings and waxings, and paid for decorations."

"If there are enough interest parties, paying parties, we can even arrange a
shaved, waxed head to include even the removal of the eye brows. (This one makes
a truly perverted looking whore.) We usually only do this if there is
substantial public interest, as it makes the whore totally weird and to some of
our customers, unattractively perverted."

The now totally naked Julia, standing there, hearing her precious female body,
something she had been taught to treasured from birth, being so casually
discussed and it's hair, the crown of her femininity, being so easily dismissed,
left her feeling like just another animal up for dissection. She wanted to go
somewhere, maybe in an out of the way corner, curl up and die, but the captain's
firm grip in her hair guaranteed that wasn't going to be allowed.

"This one is a very inexperienced whore, at the start of her first voyage, but
ve know, with direction, and her natural whore tendencies, she blossom into one
fine cock hungry whore. Haven't you PUTA!" demanded the Captain.

Any answer not in the affirmative, she knew, would bring great PAIN! so Julia
quickly answered,

"YES! CAPATINO!"

"Why even now, we have to keep her from attacking the staff, for their dicks, so
we have plug her and keep her holes plugged whenever she isn't 'entertaining'
customers, haven't we whore."

Again she knew the answer required and gave it quickly.

"YES! CAPATINO!"

"Now show jew a good whore. Turn your nasty ass around, and show the audience
those pacifiers that you use to keep your whore inclinations in control, when
ever there are no customers about."

Cringing at the words, she had no choice. She turned herself around, bent over,
reached back, spread her ass cheeks and showed the taping camera, the large
yellow dummies nested deep inside her belly.

"As jew can see she keeps herself plugged, all the time. But to demonstrate to
you their 'filling' girth, what say we show the audience. Remove .. say .. the
one from your ass hole."

Although she was facing away from the camera, she knew pain would follow, any
disobedience on her part.

So from her bent over position, she spread her legs WIDE, half squatted, brought
both her hands down between her legs to her ass plug. There she gripped the
extra large dummy, plugging her vitals, with both hands and began to tug at it's
large flange base.

At first it wouldn't budge!

So she pulled harder.

Continuing to tug the monstrous thing, at first, only brought her pain, but then
finally, the swelling head of the dummy was being forced back enough, to wedge
open her tightly gripping fleshy ass grommet.

Suddenly the pain seemed to subsided as the whole thing began, it's slow
torturest retreat from her bowels.

Sensing it's movement, she began too hope, relief would be forthcoming, soon.
Maybe if it proceeded on out, it wouldn't hurt any more.

You see once the heads maximum girth had passed from her grommet, the downside
of the dummy's head, and shaft, just naturally slid on out. Its retreating slope
out of her caused her no more pain. In fact then she sense the relief she had
wanted, as it departed from her vitals.

It slid out further and further, filling her open palms, with it's greasy
covered girth and length.

When the nasty thing finally left her insides, she suddenly felt EMPTY!

Staggering at the loss, she dropped the yellow rubber thing, down between her
bowl legs, and then just waited, there, bent over, panting, so that the tape
could record her now gaping wide open ass hole, and plugged cunnie.

"As you can plainly see this whore is none of your typical 'tight assed bitches'
jew find in normal cruses. This whore's ass is open and available for anything
you have in mind .. during our cruse .. of course."

"Why squatting right here, she be ready and willing to take on any and all of
jew, aren't you whore?"

Again the stock answer she had to give, even facing away from the camera's lens,

"YES CAPATINO!"

"For those of jew who prefer, more conventional fucking, well the whore will ..
Turn around whore .. remover her other dummy, and give jew the ride of jour
life."

The captain paused for a while to allow some dead tape to cut, and then he
instructed the editor,

"Here ve cut in some of the footage of the bitch dueing her 'entertaining' of
the customers. Show some with one 'customer' in her, and a few with her beating
off the line of waiting dicks." 

"SMILE WHORE!" Capatino Ernesto ordered.

Julia, now facing the camera quickly SMILED! Exposing her formally private
treasures, was nothing new to her now, but the context of this taping, and
demonstrating herself for an audience of perverts, who probably would, in future
show up on board, fully expecting to use her body as she herself had shown it
was horrible to contemplate.

"Whore" the capatino began again, "Just for a little while, for the audience,
remove the cap you like to keep inside jourself. The potential customers would
like to see your hairy holes capacity."

Again Julia squatted, this time facing the camera, and spread her knees.
Reaching between her thighs, with both hands, she gripped the broad yellow
dummies base. She squatted a little more, and began to tug the thing from inside
her tightly gripping vagina.

Looking up squinting with the effort, she saw the director's frown, and
instantly forced that 'SMILE' she was to have on her face whenever she was
facing the camera.

Her more used hole, gave up it's struggle to keep the bright yellow dummie in
it. Quickly the sloppy thing was past it's maximum width and sliding from inside
her vaginal depth.

This time, with both hands, she was able to withdraw the slippery thing and hold
on to it.

"Show our audience what jew can take."

Still smiling, Julia lifted the thing up between her breasts, and assumed a
slightly straighter posture.

"Go on, ve all know whores, like jew, love the smell and taste of jour own cunt.
Give him a good licking, so it will go back in nice and easy shortly."

Julia almost lost it then, but she managed to keep the smile as she guided the
long fat smelly yellow thing on up to her lower face. There she deposited the
dummies head inside her mouth and made a point of showing gusto in laving and
sucking the thing's slimy head. Next she withdrew it, turned it sideways, and
began licking the things circumference, till her lips and tongue had washed
every bit of the dummies working surfaces clear of her vaginal moisture.

"Now whore tell our friends out there what jou want more than anything else in
this world." Capatin Ernesto demanded.

Julia knew what, was required of her.

Smiling into the camera, holding the dummy up against her smiling left cheek,
she said,

"I want a nice thick stiff dick, like this one here, to come out here and fuck
me .. I need it BAD. I really kneed to be fucked! HARD! PLEASE!"

Then she took the yellow dummie into her ovaled mouth and slurped it to get it
well lubricated. Seeing as how no one yelled cut, she lowered the thing between
her knees, squatted slightly and slowly to a collection or grunts and squeals,
drove the thing back into herself.

Their was a long silence, as she straightened her legs.

The smiling Capatino said,

"Good whore! Jew did that well. Jew must have taken theater in that college of
jours. Why if jour wasn't under contract, I'd let you stay with me, in my bed
for a while .. tonight, but .. Their are so many 'customers' and commitments to
be fulfilled."

 Julia did not know weather to be proud of horrified at that.




After the taping

Standing in the room, while the camera man packed up his camera, lights and
other things, and left to edit her tape Julia could only stand there naked,
waiting. Suddenly she was shaken when she heard the Captaino's voice saying,

"Whore, maybe jew would like to look at the memories we have captured here. This
is our complete folder on jour whoring exploits." Captain Ernesto remarked,
holding a large manila folder with her name on it. It was one from many, on the
room's long wall shelf.

The Captaino forced her down into the wooden chair, and dropped the folder in
front of her on the table.

Now seated again at the table, the naked, Julia could only wait to see what new
degrading acts would be required of her, in her career as a ships entertainer.

Captain Ernesto flipped opened the folder, and casually turned it around,
showing her the inside cover. The folder had her name, social security number,
and all her vital statistics, home address, parents addresses, complete with a
list of her sisters and their addresses.

Where did they get this information? This was horrifying!

On the inside front page of the folder, was a copy of the contract she has
signed just this morning.

On the other sides' page, she saw a large pictured centered, of her nude,
affixed to the butcher block table taken on her first day of the cruse. She
looked frightened and uncomfortable.

Below that picture was a large print of the picture taken between her raised,
parted legs.

She had never seen herself like this. It was gross, but still it was her center.
In this close up her sex lips were spread open, as if waiting for ..

The picture had a caption which read,

		"Dainty fresh little pink pussy, only accustomed to serving at
most one dick a week."

The picture had a date and time stamp.

Below that picture, was another one, now showing her sex lips, spread open with
cum dripping down.

She remembered, she had just been freshly fucked by the brutish man, and was
frightened of what else was to come next.

Below that was a picture of her well used sex, now with a river of white goo
dripping out. In this picture, her red swollen labia were gapping open. The
formally delicate lips were now a swollen an angry shade of red. They formed a
grooved entrance to her hole. It too was very red from all the friction it had
had.

In general this picture left no doubt, she had been well and truly used that
whole night.

The picture caused her to remember how much she loved / hated that sore feeling
them and now.

		"Same Pussy after servicing 27 dicks!"

Was the caption below this picture right? Did she actually have 27 she wondered?

This picture was also dated and time stamped.

Till that very moment, Julia had no real knowledge of how many dicks, she had
drained her very first night of the cruse, or any idea of the short passage of
time it took.

The contrast of her sex in the pictures was horrifying to her.

In the space of a few hours, she had gone form a 'nice girl' with a pussy, to a
.. WHORE! with a well used CUNT!

In her mind, she knew, these pictures showed her, what she was now and forever,
a working prostitute. The empty feeling in her belly cried out for another
procession of warm thrusting male organs, not this damn inanimate dummie, to
fill her great need.

With the pictured swellings of her sex organs, she knew she would all ways be
marked, as at the very least, as an unrepentant slut, if not a prostitute.

Below the larger pictures, were a number of smaller ones, showing a number of
men, various sizes, colors, etc. in the process of being satisfied between her
spread open thighs. In each one, she had her legs up, and wrapped around her
fuckers laboring ass. The expression on her face clearly showed, she was
seemingly enjoying each and every dick. Many of the pictures showed the whore,
(her) using her unrestrained hands to masturbating customer's waiting around for
their turn inside her. Some pictures showed one, some even showed her jacking
off two waiting patrons.

Her mind reeled at the sights and memories, these pictures brought back to her.
Despite her empty feeling inside, her body commenced to heating up to a sexual
peak. If only she could get a big filling ..

Turning to the next internal page of the folder, she saw her naked, plugged body
setting up in the 'crotch cruser', being readied to mouth service a long line of
waiting men, and even some women.

Again their was a before picture, showing a close up of her face, with her lips
normally made up with bright red lip stick.

Below it, another photo showed her, with swollen lips, nose running something
white out of it, and caked on cum covering her chin at the end of her second
night on board her cruse.

Again their were a number of other, smaller, pictures, showing her fingering a
line of customers balls while heartily sucking their nasty organs. Some of the
pictures even showed, her masturbating, herself through out her long night of
'customer' service.

Julia's self esteem plummeted, again. Anyone viewing just these two pages, would
know she was nothing more than, one nasty bitch .. No question! Her ability to
ever be faithful to anyone but 'DICKS'..

"Their remains one final hole for you to surrender to complete your opening up
training." Captain Ernesto said, "Now we will give you a number choices to
opening your most private hole. OK?"

"The choices are:

1) Little Maria here can do the honors with her tiny balled up fist. Of course
she all ready hates you because you have bigger tits and a voluptuous ass. Eo
think jew felt her fist, when she clean jew up during jour the first night. No?

2) Or jew can go out and pick one of the passengers that suits your fancy to
make your hole open. Jew know, kind of make him a present of it.

3) Or we can strap you down over a frame, and let our faithful dogs have at it,
but of course, once they start, ve have to let um all get finished up.

Now jew take jour time, think it over, and give me jour decision."

Julia had never let anyone fool around with her ass hole, but she knew from past
experience, tonight, here, all this would change. One way or another her ass
hole would join the ranks of her available holes, to be used sexually by the
ships paying customers.

She also knew she did not want the little sadist, the girl, Maria, fist fucking
her tight little ass grommet, it's first time. NO!

The idea of being ass fucked by a large pack dogs, was horrible. She had seen
dogs, rutting a yard in each other. They were brutal going at each other, and
she didn't want that either.

So she felt, for her deflowering, she would just go pick out a gentle looking
passenger, and make him a present of her most private hole's cherry.

Cringing inside, she finally manage to say,

"I'll take the .. um .. second one. Having one of the passenger do .. it!."

"Good choice whore! So OK! Jew go out onto the promenade deck, NOW! And find
jour self a passenger jou like and give it to him! out there."

This was not what she had expected.

Go out to the promenade deck ..NAKED! Among all the clothed passengers and beg
one of the men .. to fuck her ass!!!

A naked Julia knew this was the most acceptable of the horrible options, but
the other options were worse.

Her thoughts were interrupted, as she felt herself being dragged out of the
cabin, onto the promenade deck. Her former sense of modesty returned. She
hesitated just outside the door, and even tried to get back inside, when she saw
that all the milling about passengers were wearing 'CLOTHES'! Casual clothes,
but clothes. She herself was, as she had been from the first day, totally NAKED!

A white uniformed ship's steward with a drink tray saw her standing back against
the locked door, and announced to all,

"AH! Everyone this is a new ships 'entertainer'! She must be here to entertain
us. Tell us WHORE! what part are jew going to entertain us with?"

When she did not answer he again inquired,

"Whore what are jew here for?"

An amused smile played over his thick lips as he and all the clothed people
fixed their gaze on the naked Julia.

"U .. Um I have come .. h .. here .. to .. find someone to .. do me .. um .. my
but!" Julia finally managed to stammer out with her ineffectual hands attempting
to hide her femininity.

The helpful steward stepped in close to her, rapped his right arm around her
naked waist, and holding her rigidly upright offered,

"Passengers, this fine young whore is offering, to any one interested, her
first, it is jour first, is it not? Ass fuck?"

Julia wanted to rush to the outer rail and jump overboard but the crowd and the
steward's strong hold kept her in the center of a crowd of milling about people.

The younger passengers seemed to be preoccupied with her tits. All of them
sought to fondle, pinch and tweek her now stiff nipples.

One particularly fat man demanded,

"I don't know. If it's as sloppy as the cunt she was passing about the other
night, I wouldn't get any satisfaction out of it."

"True, true! Whore let's show um these fine people, the hole in question .. OK?"

A dazed Julia, just wanted to die. But she now felt herself being forces down,
over the back of a wooden deck chair and ordered,

"Spread jour ass cheeks whore! Let the customers see if they are interested in
jour nasty hole."

Dazed Julia reached back and spread herself open to the stairs of a crowd of
people deciding, if her ass hole was tight enough for them to be interested in
fucking it.

She felt many fingers roaming over her spread open offered hole. Then too their
were a number of other exploring palms groping her pubis, and knuckles running
the length of her ass crack.

For an eternity the exploration of her bottom crevice ebbed and flowed till the
steward called a halt by demanding,

"Well do I hear any takers of this whore's virgin ass hole? Ve can keep this
feeling of her crack if jew want to, but jew vil not get rid of those stiff
dicks then. No? Do ve have anyone interested?"

The grossly fat man demanded,

"I'd want a full blow job first. Then when I get another hard on again, I'll  do
the little bitches ass hole for her, and have a time at it."

Their was a chorus of jubilant assents as Julia found herself again kneeling on
the brightly sun lit wooden deck, naked surrounded by a forest of stiff male
appendages.

The fat man, stepped forward, dropped trou, and exposed his small pisser. His
lily white rolls of fat yielded almost totally obscured the small but thick
organ.

Julia blocked out everything but the task at hand and went at it like it was
last night. His climax was not long in coming and the cum she tasted was
microscopic.

Another longer thinner organ appeared, and speared her oral cavity. She went at
it quickly and efficiently, and like last night, she fingered the balls hanging
below her current sucker. When it spit it's load another slender cock sought her
oral cavity, and she complied again finger waving the balls. It too spit it's
cum into her throat.

Suddenly the steward was beside her demanding her oral lubrication of her first
dick. The fat man had arrived, managed to get hard again, and fully intended to
'Fuck her up the ass!'.

She used every bit of spit she could muster in hopes of making the thick little
dicks passage into her virgin ass hole as easily as possible.

Helped up to her feet by the steward, she was then turned around and positioned
over the back of a rigid old wooden deck chair, to be fucked!

Her hole field of vision was the chairs bright blue painted seat. The chair top
threatened to cut a grove in her belly and the chair's wooden slated back began
grooving her soft tit flesh, as she heard,

"Spread open the cheeks of your ass for jour 'customer', whore. NO! Not like
that. Wider! Wider than that. We want to see it. We don't care if it hurts jew.
We all want to see that tiny little hole jew need fucked and we want to see it
swallowing this dick and it going in and out."

Directed by the ever helpful steward, to the delight of the audience of gathered
passengers, Julia tried to comply.

She felt the thick stubby spear against her virgin ass hole. Her whole life, she
had never, ever even imagined of letting any of her former lovers have the use
of this orifice. Now she was giving it freely, to some fat slob, before a group
of casual onlookers, the ships passengers.

The almost blunt thing, finally punched it's way into the tiny grommet's
reluctantly surrendered depth.

It was tough going on the inexperienced dick, but the poor grommet's owner
experienced some real PAIN! at the deflowering.

Julia bit her lip, as the fat mans belly weight drove his short meaty dick into
and through her tight grommet.

The man's white wale like belly, shimmered and shook with his efforts to achieve
some friction inside the 'entertainer'.

As he had all ready come once, the second cum, for him was HARD! but he labored
on and on, till finally, he convulsed and collapsed over Julia's back.

She thought, maybe he had died. The helpful steward, all ways on the look out
for customer satisfaction in his area, heaved the tower of blubber up and on to
the deck beside Julia's bent over nudity and chair. She just lay there still
offering her newly opened ass hole. Then she heard,

"Anyone else want a piece of this fine little whores ass hole. No longer free
but, half price for today only."

A clamor of anxious takers rushed to the steward, money in hand, to dip their
wicks into Julia's newly opened ass hole.

So instead of the one on one deflowering she expected, Julia experienced a gang
fuck of her virgin ass hole. She could only lay there over the chair, with it's
top edge sticking into her belly, and suffered as dick after dick, punched
through her formally virginal opening. She now knew her last, most private hole
was now part of the ships inventory, and customer's satisfaction would guarantee
it's use.

At the end of the dicking, when no one else would pay for it, Julia was hauled
up, vertical, dragged back to the door, and thrown back into the room where the
taping had been done.

On rubbery legs she made her way to the straight back wooden chair. Gingerly she
lowered her aching bottom down onto the rigid seat.

It hurt like hell! But she knew she wouldn't be able to stand. Seeing no one
there, she resolved to wait here till her legs could hold her, and her ass was
better.

"Whore? Jew done with all those customers?" Captano Ernesto voice demanded from
behind her.

She shuttered, but sat still awaiting her next assignment.

"Jew need a makeover. Take this whore to the beauty shop and have them 'clean'
her up. Je is disgusting."

The little girl walked around in front of Julia, with a leash and choke collar
in her tiny hands.

Maria, the little girl, easily passed the choke collar over Julia's tire head,
and took charge of the vacationing college student.

A firm pull informed Julia she was to follow along. So on shaky legs, Julia got
up and followed the sadistic little nymph, to the 'beauty shop'.

Through the throng of vacationing partier the nude procession passed.

At the beauty parlor, Maria dragged the listless, unresisting Julia through the
reception room full of ships passengers, to a special back room.

The uniformed ships official looked up from the crotch of the totally denuded
female body he as tattooing and smiled. The female was reclining on a flat
table, legs spread wide open.

Julia was horrified to see the woman on the table was totally bald. The
grotesque head looked other worldly without hair, or even eye brows.

"What do we have here, little whore?" the tattooist inquired.

A smiling Maria replied,

"We need this whore cleaned up. The Capatino says she is too dirty for
'customer' use this way."

"OK Take her on back to the cute boy and have him 'clean' her TOTALLY'!"

Maria lead the naked Julia through the curtain to a naked totally denuded young
man, standing close behind an old barber's chair.

Without being told, Julia sat down into the chair Maria indicated, and lay back
still trying to protect her aching bottom.

"Clean this one up .. TOTALLY!" the little nude demanded of the naked young man.

The naked man moved gingerly to the chair's side and began securing Julia's body
for her 'clean-up'.

It was then, looking down between his legs, Julia saw, the young man's balls and
penis were tightly secured in a plastic harness, which in turn was secured by
means of a thin chain to the bottom of the chair.

Julia offered no resistance, as her arms and chest were secured to the chair's
back and sides. Next, her legs were raised, parted, and fitted into stirrups
protruding from the chair's seat.




                          Julia's Spring Break 
                                    2

Satisfied she was secured to the chair, the naked man took great pains, with
Julia's crotch hair. First he washed it with both soap, and shampoo and then he
used conditioner. Next he spent a inordinately long time combing, the now clean
and conditioned pubic hair, out to its maximum untangled length.

No one had ever lavished this kind of care on Julia's pubic hair!

When the man was satisfied, he called the uniformed tattoo artist from his duty
in the next room. Her pubic hair, was now inspected, discussed, and then allowed
to air dry. While the man now following the same procedures, he had on her pubic
hair with her cranial hair.

After this too was thoroughly cleansed, and conditioned, the naked youth took
great pains to brushed out all the tangles, and braided her scalp's natural
covering, into groups of long thick strands.

A sheep sheering device, specially modified, with a vacuum collection
attachment, was now employed in Julia's crotch. It efficiently denuded and
collect the now clean dry pubic hair, from Julia's well used pubes to the
vacuum's collection reservoir.

As her body was fastened securely to the chair, and Julia could not move her
head, from the buzzing she knew 'something' was happening in her crotch, but she
did not know what was happening to all her crotch hair. She did, however feel
increased sensation, 'down there', as the vibrating clippers and the vacuum did
their work.

After this hair was totally removed, the man, put up the clippers and applied a
copiously amount of thick white cream all around, over and inside her privates.
Using his right index finger like a handle, he first inserted and then lifter
her ass up to coat the area inside and around the anal grommet. Then he did all
the inside of her stark white skinned crack.

While he had her but lifted up, he coated his left index finger with the cream,
and began to stuff a coating of it up, in, and around the slightly relaxed ass
grommet. After he was done with the coating of 'all' her privates, he spent a
great deal of time and effort, massaging the stuff into every surface of her
whole crotch area.

Julia felt the man's fingers paying particular attention to the area inside and
around her ass hole. This, and the recent heavy usage there, caused her a slight
burning sensation. Julia did not complain, because the little girl, Maria was
right there, beside the chair, observing everything. Any complaint might be
regarded as resistance on her part, and would be ruthlessly dealt with, by the
little sadist, she knew.

Next the naked man shifted his silent focus to Julia's head.

Without a word to her, using a pair of incredibly sharp scissors, he quickly
snipped off all of her long scalp hair braids as close to the scalp as possible.
As Julia's eyes teared up, he carefully placed all the hair locks into a plastic
bag. This bag was placed, still opened, with the others on the counter. He
returned to Julia's scalp again, with the vacuum clipper device and proceeded to
smooth her head .. TOTALLY BALD!

Finally aware of what the man had been doing, when her long braids fell away,
Julia shifted in the chair, and tried to make an objection to this outrageous
treatment of her person.

SLIP!

As she expected, a thin strip of fire, erupted across both her breasts at the
nipples. This was the resulted of Maria's application of the doubled over
leather leash, to this oh so sensitive area of female anatomy.

This stopped her objection, in mid object.

The clippers in the naked man's hand never varied its pace. They drowned on and
with their work, till on her scalp, only a shadowy reminder of it's former
covering remained. The clippers vacuum up all the smaller remnants into its
receptacle. After the scalp, Julia's eye brows were clipped. The task done the
naked man emptied her pubic and cranial shavings, into the plastic bag with her
longer remnants, and sealed the clear plastic bag.

As Julia sobbed from her aching breasts and hair loss, copious amounts of the
thick white cream was applied, now, all over her denuded scalp. Even the
remnants of her eye brows did not escape this white viscous coating.

The massage of her scalp, was as thorough as the earlier one of her crotch area.

This done, the man, washed off his hands, and shifted he focus back down to
Julia's crotch again. This time though, with a stiff red dish brush, he began to
scrub off the now paste like white coating, that had hardened there. Using no
more emotion than one would have washing a dirty dish, the man scrubbed clean
the now totally smooth gleaming white female crotch, of the paste and any
remnants of her hair follicles that had survived the clippers.

When he was done in her crotch its soft white skin had taken on a pink tinge
from the scrubbing, but not any hint of its former covering remained.

Next, the male shifted his focus and dish brush back to the cranium of the
'entertainer'. He began to wash / scrape off the thick, now paste like, coating
there. When he was done, the pink skin was all that remained.

A smiling Maria held a large mirror, showing a horrified Julia, first, her
totally cleansed, denuded crotch area, and then her new totally modified head.

In her formally womanly haired crotch, Julia saw only a milky white, never seen
the light of day, skinned crotch. This smooth expanse of skin appeared to be
that of a very young girl, or infant. Only this crotch was much larger, and had,
had much more used than any young girl.

The tilted up mirror, next revealed an exotic, other worldly looking creature,
with a vast expanse of unbroken gleaming white skin, broken only by a pair of
blood shot blue eyes at the top, and lower separated by nostrils, a quivering
closed pair of red lips.

The blinking of her eyes and the tearing showed Julia, her worst fear was true.

Her head had been shaved totally bald! The under laying skin, laid bare by the
process, appeared in shades of white to gray, with many hideous bumps. The image
in the mirror, her, looked like the grotesque images, drawn in the disgusting
sex slave books, nasty boys had hidden in their under ware drawer.

Taken in total, she looked just as she had as a new born baby, except this
'baby' was unquestionably, a well developed female, complete with large, rounded
fleshy chest orbs, and a much used, functioning female crotch.

Now their was no doubt! She was a sex slave!!

Why did her crotch tighten soo at this sight? And the very idea of it?

Dazed at this realization, she was now being man handled out of the shearing
chair, and pushed / pulled away. She did not care where she was going. With this
gross bodily appearance she could never go back to college, or home. 

Sex slaves went where ever their owners wanted them.

Through a veil of tears at her loss of female covering, Julia felt herself
being, directed by little Maria's strong little right handed grip on her
dangling left breast.

She was lead / force over to, and then down onto, a waiting 'crotch cruiser'. It
had been previously prepared (greased) and was waiting, to take the now smoothed
slick 'entertainer' on the journey, to her next point of service.. 

Julia's shin hit the cruiser's base. This forced her to step over the thing's
width. Now spread legged, she was forced to squat down somewhat. Her sex was 
positioned right over the 'crotch cruiser's' projection. As she stood / squatted
there the downward pull her on left tit forced her down further. The inanimate
projection thing's head found and began filling up her gaping, vacant opening.
The thing's huge head squired her gaping vaginal opening, stretching it to it's
seemingly obvious maximum. At this Julia balked.

Maria let go of the tit, shifted her stance, and took possession of Julia's long
stiff nipples. Now the demanding fingers tugged down sharply on the nipples,
forced Julia to squat down, further. Her opening's grommet was forced to expand,
reluctantly, engulfing the totality of the dummy's large wide bulbous head.

Julia feared she would be torn open as she squatted down further.

Another sharp tug on her nipples and her vagina was forced beyond the dummy's
maximum girth. Her wide stretched grommet, now closed up behind the engulfed
head, and began to absorbed some of the smaller diameter shaft below the head,
till her vaginal tube was totally filled. Again she had something deep inside
her belly. This huge 'thing' plugged her from the grommet of her sex to her tiny
pink cervixal opening.

A satisfied Maria stretched a band of the fiber tape around her Julia's naked
chest, above the boobs, joined her to the 'crotch cruiser's' vertical back
member. This would keep her body vertical in its permanent squat. This vertical
member, acted like a stabilizing back, for the 'entertainer's' body during her
time servicing on the 'cruiser'. It also positioned her head at the proper
height to 'service' crotches presented to her face.

Maria now reached down, and bent Julia's unresisting legs double at the frames
sides. Then she went about the task of tapping Julia's legs there, up out of the
way. She used two strips of the fiber tape to hold each leg. One at the calf and
other at the ankle, secured to appropriately placed 'D' rings in the 'cruiser's'
side frame.

With another band of tape, Maria secured Julia's slim waist, also to the
cruiser's vertical member.

The 'entertainer's' hands were left free. The naked little whore 'Maria', next
attached, the leash she had used to lead Julia into the room, to the cruiser's
front 'D' ring and began pulling the thing, with it's mounted newly denuded
'entertainer' out of the shearing room. They trekked through out of the beauty
shop's waiting room, toward the sight of the next entertainment.

Out of the beauty shop, their journey, lead them through the crowded decks of
holiday revilers. A dream / nightmare like state presented itself to the eyes of
an almost comatose Julia.

She was soo traumatized that, she even forgot to try to hide her 'female' bits.
After all, now, totally denuded, nothing mattered anymore to her. She just sat
there, with her cunt plugged, staring down at the passing deck, trying not to
acquire eye contact with anyone, awaiting her next event.

This was particularly difficult with children, who seemed particularly
inquisitive at her appearance and predicament. They ran right up to her, and
placed their little faces, in front of Julia's and asked questions like,

"What's ya doing?", and

"My mommie says you are a whore." and

"Why ya being wheeled around like that?"

"Are Ya a whore?"

and many others comments.

Some of the children even reached out, inquisitively, and grouped any and all
available dangling things, or formally secrete places that, before this had been
the source of great pride for Julia. Now these same places and things, exposed
and available for anyone's handling, were only the source of extreme
embarrassment for her.

Julia's overloaded mind shut down. The passing crowds, the inquisitive children,
the fumbling hands, everything blended into an overloaded, graying out of the
'entertainer's' consciousness.

"SLAPP"

A slap to the back of her head woke Julia from her self-imposed coma.

Looking around, Julia found herself, in the ship's grand ballroom, again. This
time though she wasn't mounted on her back, on one of the entertaining tables,
arranged in their neatly spaced rows, under a grunting male.

This time, she was crouched down, on a cruiser, being wheeled in between the
waiting available female sexes, with her denuded head at crotch height. Today
she was going to service not dicks, she knew, but recently fucked female
crotches, with her mouth, lips and tongue.

Suddenly her eyes focused. Maria had stopped them with a hairy female crotch
filling Julia's vision. It looked and smelled totally disgusting! She'd never
been this close to any woman's hairy crotch, let alone one who had just .. been
.. FUCKED!

&lt;OH GOD!&gt; Julia's mind screamed to her, &lt;This woman has just been
fucked! like I was that first night!&gt;

She remembered her first entertainment. The disgusting 'customer' fuck, and how
after 'instruction' she had embraced his ass with her legs, and pumped her hips
at the disgusting man's crotch till he spewed his rotten cock cream inside her.

Disgusted Julia tried to turned her head, attempting to get away from the wet
tangled mess of pubic hair, and stench stretching out before her face.

&lt;This is how I loo..&gt;

"SSS LLL AAA PPP"

A particularly vicious slap to the back of her head woke Julia up to the fact,
turning away was not going to be allowed. Maria's little right hand now grip,
the back of her denuded head, and forcing the 'entertainer's' face right up
against the goo coated hairy labia flesh, of the unknown woman. With her left
hand, Maria lifted Julia's unresisting left hand, to the woman's freshly fucked
crotch.

Before her wide-open eyes the 'entertainer' saw her own fingers, being forced in
between the woman's hairy slick labia. Slowly then, the unresisting fingers,
were made to spread open another woman's pussy lips, for their first time.

Once the sticky hair encrusted flesh was open, Julia could see and smell, oh how
she could smell, inside of this pussy. Her first experience of another woman's
dirty crotch up soo closes to her eyes. The sight of the cooling goo, recently
deposited by the woman's fucker, was spread all around the hairy crack. In
addition to the noxious coating of everything, a steady stream of the white goo
was slowly being pumped out of the woman's tightly clenched, pulsating vaginal
grommet.

SLAPP!

Another slap to the back of her head cleared up any doubt.

The 'entertainer' was to get in here and 'clean up' this mess, just like she,
herself, had experienced that first night after her first entertainment.

She told herself, she had no choice. Holding the woman's hairy neither lips
opened, now with both hands, Julia held her breadth and forced her face, inside
goo encrusted crack. When her nose contacted the woman's clitteral hood she
began to lick up the solidifying goo with her small pink tongue.

"uuendhrufht" the slimy cunts owned tried to protest, just as she had, she
remembered. Her fuck was bad but her further violation, by Julia's tongue
brought further degradation.

But Julia could not stop. She knew, doing that would only bring her more pain,
and in the end she would have to do it anyway. She just extended her precious
tongue further and commenced licking up the goo coating the upper inside of the
woman's soiled crotch.

Maria stood over her, through out Julia's cleaning up of the woman's privates.
Occasionally she 'encouraged' the 'entertainer' to greater efforts, particularly
the clean-up of the flowing goo, that had dripped down from the woman's vagina
to the lower crack pudding in and around her tightly furled, ass grommet.

There Julia paused, but after another hard slap, her tongue began licking this
goo covered orifice too.

"UNumunnnuuhghn"

This the woman protested, VEHEMENTLY, and tried to shift her ass away, but Julia
knew not stop her tongue cleaning of her first nasty goo filled ass hole ever!
The last slap was still fresh in her memory. Sensing futility the woman finally
settled down and endured the humiliating 'servicing' of her privates.

Finally when Maria was satisfied, with the cunts state, she used Julia's ears
like handles, to raise her head up so that the entertainer's mouth was now
positioned directly in front of the woman's little red clitoris.

From her elevation, perched on the 'crotch cruiser' with her head held high,
Julia's eyes, could look right over the woman's spread open sex, over the tangle
of pubic hair. She observed that the woman's hands were still joined together
and secured to the strip of tape below the woman's naked chest.

With Julia's goo covered cheeks kept the woman's labia open. Her breadth now
caused the woman's little pink sex bud to rise up from it's normal hiding place,
under it's hood.

SLAP!

Another sharp contact at the back of her head, forced the 'entertainer', to
unfurl her tongue again. This time though, it was to do, not clean up, but it's
first truly lesbian servicing of another female sex.

"UUNGNRHTNHTEEE"

At the touch of tongue to clit, the violated woman tried to object again. Her
head flew up to try to see what was happening at her sex. There the woman's
frightened eyes caught and held Julia's as the 'entertainer's' tongue continued
laving the tiny little thing, probably for it's first time.

"UUUUEUEUEUUHGHGHGHUUUU!"

By shaking her head violently, and trying to shift her crotch, the woman
attempted to show her objections to this tonguing of her sexual center. When
this failed to deter Julia's tongue action, the woman's head slumped back down.
After a few moments, the object sex bud became rock hard! The vagina began
generating fluid, and the shuttering woman began to bang her head back onto the
holding table's flat solid butcher blocks.

The naked woman's tiny bud, swiftly responded to Julia's ministrations. It grew
up and becoming engorged with blood, despite the woman's attempts to dissuade
her body's natural reaction. Finally the banging stopped. In the distance,
Julia's eyes then perceived the captive female's head rise up again. An
expression of pure horror on the face, as Julia's tongue brought the woman
closer and closer to each of them's first lesbian CUM. Now in resigned
fascination, the woman could only shake her head slowly, and through tear filled
eyes observe Julie's eyes as the 'entertainer' went on servicing her now blood
bloated clitoris.

Finally the woman's head flopped back down in resignation, as her belly began
fluttering, her vagina secreting and her captive thighs quivered. She was on the
verge of a lesbian CUM!

Just as she was about to go over the edge, Maria pushed Julia's forehead away
from the bud and forced three of the fingers of her right hand into the captive
woman's now copiously flowing hole.

An orgasm overtook the poor woman!

But in the confusion, the woman didn't know what had pushed her over the edge. A
thoroughly disgusted Julia now watch the woman's cunt hole pulsatingly squeezing
her fingers. The woman whole body went into the hyper action mode indicating a
violent female on female CUM!

Their work done, Maria dragged Julia, 'crotch cruiser' and all, away from the
woman's still squeezing vaginal grommet, and positioned the now experienced
'entertainer's' face to crotch with yet another gooey, freshly fucked, female
crotch.

SLAP!

The slaps to the back of her head, informed Julia, her crotch cleaning services
were again needed at this table. This time Julia tried not to observe the
woman's nasty cunt. She approached this cunt servicing, like a true
professional.

She knew what she had to do.

She had done it before, so she went right to it this time. She parted the labia
with her fingers and attacked the sticky, smelly goo. Her tongue pursued the
white man cream, wherever it had gone. Through the cunt's owner's objections,
this time, Julia ignored it. When she had cleaned up the goo from inside the
female crack, Julia unbidden raise up her head. Her focus on her own was the
hooded clit. Servicing, the woman's clit to excitement began.

She couldn't, though totally ignore, the woman's frantic eyes, flashing between
the woman's enormous tits, trying to express her same horror, and disgust as the
first woman's lesbian excitement. Julia herself remembered how she had been
horrified at the effect of another woman's tongue, cleaning her crack and then
bringing her up to the brink of her first lesbian climax.

&lt;I am not a LESBIAN!&gt; Julia's mind screamed over and over as she removed
her tongue from the woman's engorged bud, and penetrated the second woman's
slick vagina with three of the fingers of her right hand, bring the woman over
the edge to a shattering climax.

Her task acomplished, Julia was being wheeled to another fouled female crotch,
when Capatiano Ernessto stopped her cruiser, and demanded,

"This man is dissatisfied! He came too soon, to use the cunt, he wanted. To
satisfy him, the customer, he can either use jour mouth or when jew get him up,
he can have another fuck at the cunt of his choice. Or any other cunt available
here including jours! His choice! 'The customer is all ways right here on the
'Herato.'"

The time at least Julia observed, it was a clean-cut young man who stood here,
shyly with a big growing stain at the crotch of his pants. Julia knew not to
argue. She reached up, with both hands, unzipped the man's pants, reached
inside, through his under ware, and unlimbered a long skinny limp oily looking
dick. It would do no good arguing, besides this time it was a MAN she was
servicing! Not a recently dirty female crotch!

Julia lifter her chin up, while lifting the dick's helmeted head up, with just
her tongue, and sucked it in to her warm wet oral cavity.

The dick seemed happy at this.

Once she had the dick secured with her lips, she commenced licking it inside
tightly closed lips. Strictly for her own tactile amusement, she fished out and
began fingering the man tiny, almost hairless balls.

As it was the man's second cum, Julia knew she would have to labor long and hard
to get him up, but she managed it, handily. This kind of servicing, she felt,
was less abhorrent than her primary job as lesbian whore today. Being a whore,
was bad enough, but being a lesbian whore was, she felt, truly a disgusting,
degrading experience..

The young man must of liked Julia's mouth servicing. He gripped her smooth
denuded head tightly and after a while shook quietly. By the time the young man
spurted his small cream deposit into her mouth, been licked clean, tucked away,
and zipped up, the female who had needed cleaning was occupied with another
fucker in her crotch area.

Julia was pleased. She had escaped servicing another nasty smelly female crotch
..  or had she?

Throughout the long hot afternoon Maria brought Julia's face, to cunt after
cunt. The 'entertainer' cleaned up the male cock cream deposit in, each one,
heated up the new entertainer's female being, and brought about a female-female
climax designed to lower the new 'entertainer's' sense of self worth.

Julia's lips and tongue were wearily tired, at the end of the night. They had
never before been called upon to service so many of any things, even the day she
sucked all those dicks .. was that just yesterday? 

Though she had one, she had never thought much of other woman's bodies .. and
never ever had she considered female bodies, as desirous sex objects .. but now
.. Now she had been forced to act as a lesbian whore! She truly hated this
'entertaining' service but why was her own denuded crotch so wet? After this
service, she hated this reaction.

Throughout her servicing of crotches, she had seen flashes of bright light. She
knew that meant, her face licking many woman's crotches, was recorded and copies
would be in her folder if not tonight then soon.

Later that night, she was dismounted from her 'crotch cruiser', posed for the
mandatory full face 'after' picture, and hosed down by the washer woman. A short
walk down a dimly lit passageway, she was joined by a locked on collar, to a
chain of other females kneeling in the passage way on the crew deck

During her crotch cleaning service, she didn't even know the ship had docked in
some port or other. 

Later that same night she, together with the other entertainer's, on the coffel,
were lead down the ramp, off the ship in total darkness.

Once on the dock, the chain's end was taken over, by what appeared to be the
local police. Without a word, the chain's captives were now lead by the new
uniformed men, to a large covered truck. The entertainers were loaded in the
back, and driven off the docks into the blackness of some country or other.

At the end of a long tortuous journey, the truck stopped in an enclosed yard.
There the truck's gate was lowered, and the naked cargo was discharged and lead
by the chain to a long covered corridor. Each of the nudes were dropped off in a
waiting, empty cell. Julia felt they were probably in a local jail.

As it had been a long HARD day, her back, neck, tongue, and lips ached. As soon
as she was locked in her cell, Julia's wearily sank to the cold stone floor,
covered her naked body with the straw, and fell into a deep sleep. The fact that
the straw smelled and had bugs in it did not matter. Nothing mattered but sleep.

In what seemed like minutes, she was awakened by the application of a cold spray
of water from a small diameter water hose. Her totally hairless body 'washed'
quickly, and dried rapidly, under the bright, unfiltered sun light streaming
down from the open ceiling of her cell.

After a while a blue uniformed man, opened her cell door, walked in and cuffed
Julia's hands together in front of her crotch. Then he knelt down, and joined
her ankles with a short snubbing chain, and linked this snubbing chain to her
wrist cuffs. Her hands were now effectively secured together at her crotch
level, joined to her ankles. The man then grabbed her right arm and forced her
to shuffle forward out of the cell, down a long stone hall, into a brightly,
open-air courtyard. 

In the hot, open air space, she saw, she was not alone. Another naked female
similarly chained stood in the yard, waiting for something. Her escort stopped
Julia beside the other nude. Then together with her escort, they all stood in
the bright sun light, waiting for something.

After a while, an elderly brown skinned woman in a long flowing black dress,
walked into the court yard, a blue uniformed man at her side. His uniform had
many ribbons and gold decorations. Oh his narrow shoulders he had a lot more
gold braid.

The mismatched pair passed by then naked females and their escorts. Then they
circled around the two waiting nudes, observing and conversing. Obviously the
clothed pair, were discussing the attributes of the nudes in some unintelligible
language.

After a while, the older clothed female closed in, on the other nude. She began
fondling first the soft female ass flesh with her old withered hands. The
fondled nude stood, still for a while, but balked when one of the old woman's
bony fingers attempted, to penetrate between the defenseless naked woman's cunt
lips.

With a look of great outrage, the old woman slapped the captive's defenseless
red face. Then turning to the uniformed man, the crone demanded something in the
unintelligible language.

The uniformed man at the crone's side responded with a shouted command.
Immediately the escort behind the other nude, stepped forward, removed his large
leather belt, and handed it to the outraged old woman. Then the escort then
twisted the offending nude around, bent her in half and held her that way with
her naked ass sticking out like a big white target.

The outraged old woman stepped slightly to the left side of the exposed female
posterior, and began to frantically lace into the soft white ass flesh with the
doubled over black leather belt.

wack! wack! wack! ...

"AAAAAAA! AAA! AAA! AAA! ...." The posterior's owner responded as the blows fell
all over the female heine.

The crone kept lashing the nude's now protesting, screaming, ass, till, she got
visibly tired. The now red faced, the tired old crone just stopped lashing the
nude ass. She just stood there shaking in rage with the belt clenched in her
withered right hand trying to catch her breadth.

At another command from the uniformed man, a straight backed wooden chair, was
produced for the old woman to set down and rest.

The now crying nude was allowed to straighten up but held in place, with now
much reddened ass cheeks, and sobbing face. From her chair the old woman feebly
tried, to delivered a few more feeble blows, toward the nudes dangling, fleshy
globes, this time. At this, the distressed uniformed man in charge, had the belt
removed from the old woman's hands.

The man with the much-decorated uniform called out something, and a glass of
something, was brought out for the tired old woman's refreshment.

As the other nude was beaten, Julia could do nothing, but stand there hoping
that she would escape a similar fate.

Standing there under the blistering sun, she could only wait for the old crone's
inspection / beating to turn on her own helpless nudity.

After the long respite / interlude, the crone, refreshed by her little 'sit
down', and the glass of liquid provided, rose from the chair. With renewed
vigor, she back and continuing her perusal of the now sobbing, subdued, nude's
naked flesh all over again. Nothing was spared, this second time, as all the
normally hidden assets were again exposed, examined tactually, and evaluated.
The reinvigorated old woman, seemed to take great pleasure in again 'handling'
the disciplined nudes hanging orbs and private places. This time though when she
stuck her bony finger into the naked pubic slit, the wet checked young nude,
stood there docilely, sobbing. When the other crab like hand, wanted access to
the nude's rear crack, the young woman docilely spread both her knees, as wide
as the hobble allowed, availing the long thin exploring fingers, easier access
inside her formally most private of places.

"UUU" the nude suddenly cried out.

The bony hand's thumb, had also been included in the latter's descend into the
tiny slight slit. Obviously it, with the index finger, had grasped the tiny slip
of flesh at the woman's core and pinched it. Pinched it hard enough to cause
real pain. The nude staggered slightly, but held herself, as upright as
possible, with spread knees. Her labia remained in the spread wide open
position, it assumed, with the crone's hands inside her crotch..

(The fingers sharp nails might have scratched the young woman's delicate pink
flesh, inside her crotch, or the pinch had really hurt something. After the
beating, though the nude knew not to make a fuss over the small stuff.)

Finally after much playing with the cowed woman's assets, the old woman seemed
to tire of the game.

Without a word, the crone, left the first nude and moved on to begin her perusal
of Julia denuded body, and it's treasurers.

Before the cruise, no-one, not doctors or even her lovers, had even seen, let
alone got to manually examined Julia's whole naked body, since she was baby. It
was even more embarrassing, that now the examiner was 'A WOMAN'! A woman, old
enough to be Julia's elderly grandmother. To further confirm the old woman's
position of great age, she smelled like old woman do. That air of talcum power,
and lilac's emanating from her body and her black shroud. This smell proceeded
the old black clad woman's touch like an invisible cloud.

&lt;Just like my grandmother!&gt; flashed into Julia's mind as the spindly claws
crawled over her neck and face. To have to stand there, let some smelly old
woman, fondle her voluptuous breasts, like a questionable melons in a fruit
marked, would have brought violence of some sort, from Julia in other
circumstances. But here, in this hot brightly lit court yard, under the watchful
eye's of the authorities figures, Julia could only stand, turning beet red, and
hope for this to be quickly over .. She was sure action on her part, would only
bring her much more pain, like the woman standing next to her crying .. before,
so she held her tongue and endured.

During the examination the old woman's thin wrinkled finger's suddenly seized
Julia's stiff left nipple. With the pinching fingers of her wrinkled right hand,
the woman exerted control over the younger woman naked body.

Leading Julia by the pinched nipple, the old crone ambled on back, to her still
in positioned chair. Once there, the old woman sat down wearily. Julia did not
objected. She had followed the crone back to the recently vacated seat, and now
obediently stood slightly bent over, from the waist and waited, offering no
resistance, despite the throbbing pain in her tightly held nipple.

After a moment, the seated old woman twisted the nipple, an grabbed the
unresisting naked left arm with her own bony left hand. The crone used these to
drag the 'entertainer's' body over and onto the old crone's bony lap. Once she
had Julia seated comfortably on her lap, the old woman let go of the throbbing
nipple, and with her now idle hands, began to fondle both of the available, soft
ripe breasts of the seated 'entertainer'. The brutal contact, of the grasping,
pinching bony fingers, leaving any number of bight red streaks all over the
delicate snowy white tit flesh.

After a while, and much bruising, the fingers left the fleshy orbs, and
proceeded to explore other areas of the soft white girlie flesh, seated on her
lap. The crone's release of the soft orbs, seemingly signifying satisfaction
with Julia's tits, for this Julia was thankful..

Now the bony hands, began to creep, spider like, over and into any and all the
parts of Julia's quivering anatomy, once considered private. The crone had a
seemingly great interest in all the expanse of Julia's flesh. Before she had
paid particular attention to Julia's ample hanging breasts, now all Julia's
flesh was explored. Any and all of the expanse of flesh was evaluated. The 
fingers next descended into, and began their evaluation of the denuded crevice
holding Julia's sex, and it's tightly covered treasures.

After a while seemingly satisfied, the spidery like hands went back over the
external skin. They now seemed to scrutinized the smooth back, belly, legs and
all, again.

&lt;Last week&gt; Julia thought &lt;in a class, or at some group discussion with
her closest girl friends, if anyone had postulated that she would just set
still, naked, in some old woman's lap, and let any woman fondle her breasts, and
explore her crotch, etc. Julia would have had a shit fit!&gt;

&lt;But here .. now .. after the previous events of the cruise, and the other
nude's beating, Julia sat here quietly and let the bony fingers and palms
explore any and all her female treasures, as if it was an every day
occurrence.&gt;

(Actually starting with that first night on the cruise, normal for Julia had
vanished. The now contracted 'entertainer's' treasures were no longer her's.
They had become the property of some other people. The contract's owners no
doubt.)

Finally tiring of this, the old woman, sat up straight, and threw Julia off her
lap. As Julia staggered up to her feet, the old woman, began speaking rapidly to
the official, obviously the two were engaged in a bargaining session, as the man
was in charge of the 'entertainer's' services and obligations.

The uniformed official shook his head violently and argued on. This negotiations
went on and on. The crone was just as adamant in her position. Finally the man
sighed, shrugged his shoulders, and issued an order to the waiting men. The men
snapped into action, and now began leading the two nudes, away from the hot
bright courtyard, and it's humiliations back toward the cells.

Once inside the darkened tunnel, though, Julia was separated form the other
nude. The again sobbing woman, was lead back, in the direction of the original
cells. Julia was steered down another darkened corridor.

At a solid wooden door along the wall, the official escorting her, stopped Julia
and held her firmly. He knocked on the thick wood and they waited. After no
response was forth coming, her escort flung the heavy door wide open.

Inside the darkened room Julia's eyes perceived a grossly fat naked brown male
ass, pulsating between a pair of fat white thighs. As her eyed adjusted more to
the room's illumination, she saw below the brown ass, hung an almost black hairy
ball sack, with a brown hairy projection spouting out of it. Obviously the male
things were riding in and out of a pair of parted fat white female labia.

Julia's escort shouted something into the darkened room.

A group-shouting match developed, between the asses owner, and Julia's escort.

This verbal disagreement seemed to go on and on, forever, as the fat male ass
continued to make thrusting and withdrawing actions from the parted labia. Julia
couldn't believe this. She could do nothing but stand still there waiting for
what?

Then after a set of particularly violent string of pulses, by the fat brown ass,
it shuttered, and seemed to slump down into the thick white thighs. After
resting a few moments, the grossly fat brown ass began to wearily extricate
itself form its full forward position in the white thighs rapped around it.

As the brown ass emerged from its position, the pair of hairy black shriveled
balls dropped down off the table. Then a spent, hanging down, greasy brown cock
followed them out of the female to hover over the tabletop. A long string of
what the experienced 'entertainer' knew from experience was cock cream seemed to
keep contact with the female organ below it. Now Julia's eyes were able to
perceive the fat brown ass, belonged to a gross fat, half-naked, very hairy man.
The man did not even turn around. He bent over exposing his tightly shut ass
hole to one and all. He grabbed the waist band of his trousers, and began
pulling them up around his huge middle.

(No underwear was in evidence.)

It was obvious that when Julia and her escort came in, and during the argument,
the gross fat man had been engaged in fucking some fat white female. As the
grossly fat man waddled around the table where he had been fucking, Julia was
able to perceive that the fuckee was the 'wash down woman' from the ship.

The woman, did not attempt to get up, or even close her spread legs. She just
lay there, panting from the execration, of the recent fucking, just experienced.
Obviously during her time on the ship, the woman had lost all concept of female
dignity or modesty. She stayed spread wide open, waiting, while the two men
continued their arguing, back and forth. All the time the fat man's cum dripped
out from the recently used vagina. Gravity caused it to flow over the perineum,
into and around the ass hole, and then down and out of her crack to the stained
table.

The fat man's heavy breathing slowed, as his casually continued buckling up, his
uniform pants over his flounder white gross belly. Now in partial uniform, he
seemed in no particular hurry, to do what Julia's uniformed escort, wanted him
to do. Leisurely he wandered around the room, continuing his side of the
argument.

&lt;Julia hopped no one wanted her to tongue up this brutes nasty dick.&gt;

The man went on shouting at Julia's escort, as he was now adjusted his black
leather pistol belt, and then went about tucking away his slimy recently used
male fuck stick into his uniform pants. (The pants were so stained and dirty
that any more stains wouldn't matter.) The escort was equally vehement in his
criticism of the fat man, but it was all to no avail.

The freshly fucked 'wash' woman seemed to become aware of the arrival of others
in the room. Her head lifted up, and she looked over her sweaty, wide open pubic
mound, but at a shout from her fucker, she lay back on the table, hyper-
ventilating from her just finished ordeal. Her fucker pushed down on her tits
firmly. The woman took the hint, and lay there spread legged waiting for her
next command.

The fat man, ambled over to a white porcelain tray of surgical like instruments
on a side table, reached in the tray, and produced a syringe like device. He
filled it with something long brown, and thin from a bottle of them.

He picked up a plastic three-ringed 'thing' and positioned the 'thing' between
the female labia. The center ring was positioned surrounding the little exposed
female clitoris. The other two rings took up positions, stretching the clit hood
wider, beside the center ring. The encased defenseless little clit served to
locate something on either side of it. Satisfied with the arrangement the man
positioning the syringe like thing, inside the left most ring, and injected the
long brown 'thing' into the panting woman, under her labia hood.

"UMMM!!!" she murmured.

The man pushed down firmly on the woman's tits while he completed his task.

The thing formally in the syringe, now sat right beside and slightly under her
exposed clit. A very slight bulge could easily be seen where it was.

The fat man waddled back to the bottle, withdrew another device and this time
injected it into the ring on the right side of her clit.

The woman groaned somewhat again, but for the most part she kept still.

The injection seemed to cause the woman's clitoral hood to stretch up, more.
This time though the thing bulge out on the other side, and slightly, behind her
tiny exposed clit.

Both the things forced the little love button to stick out and up, away from its
normal nest. From now on the clit would be out permanently, totally exposed
forever.


The fat man began to familiarly finger of the now totally exposed bit of red
girlie flesh, causing a shuttering of the subdued fat female.

The injecting was done, the three ring placement tool, was removed, by the fat
man who did the injecting. Turning slightly he motioned to Julia's escort.
Obviously he was to take the sweat soaked nude, with the now prominent displayed
clit, away.

Julia's escort reluctantly let go of her arm, and walked over to the reclining
fat female nude. He grabbed the sweaty soaked arm, hauled her to her feet, and
took charge of her. Then without a backward glance, he departed the room,
leaving the 'entertainer' naked, cuffed and at the mercy of the fat rapist.

The sweating fat older woman hobbled, seemingly bent over, out of the room with
the two devices under her labial skin. Obviously these things were a source of
some discomfort in the woman's crotch. But she could not do anything about them.

Looking over her nudity, like some violent predator, eyeing his lunch, the fat
man ordered Julia,

"Gue jour ass on the table .. Jnow! PUTA!" 

As she was still hobbled, Julia could only shuffle over to the still wet, warm,
wooden examination table. Once she got there, she hopped around, and managed to
get into position to sit her naked but up over the soaking wooden edge.

The impatient man, roughly pushed Julia down onto her back. Taking a key form
the wall, he unlocked the chain joining her wrist cuffs, to her lower ankle
snubbing chain. The chain he threw up and used it to secure her wrists, over her
head to a table leg, out of his way.

Next he lowered a hook, from the ceiling, and secured it to the joining ankle
chain of the naked denuded 'entertainer'. Pushing a button on the wall, caused
her chained ankles to rise steadily toward the ceiling. The electric motor
stopped with her ankles at about eye level. The fat uniformed man, produced a
spreader bar, and inserted between her almost vertical knees. After securing it
to each knee, she was spread out, wide open! With her knees wide apart, the fat
man inserted his head, in the opening and peered down into her now open, well
used sex lips.

Julia wondered at that. It seemed, that everyone, the cruise officials, the
customers, everyone, wanted to see inside her sex. What for? She wondered. But
she knew, they wouldn't tell her, and for asking, she might earn herself a
severe punishment so she endured the embarrassment silently.

The man's head withdrew from above her sex, but his right hand remained in her
sex, and it began to masturbate her delicate little clit, brutally with no
regard for her feelings.

Soft pressure of a tongue, or woman's index finger, produced great pleasure in
her center normally, but this grasping, pinching and twisting of it produced
only grunting pain in her sexual center. Still her vagina moistened.

Looking down she perceived the man had secured a thin clear plastic tube with a
hose at its end. He casually slid the end over her brutalized clit. The sound of
pumping was heard, and the sucking vacuum drew up her tiny love button. The man
watched as the small lump was distended and drawn way up inside the cleat
plastic tube.

Her poor clit was being drawn further and further inside the tube. As long as
the sucking continued the stretching continued. Her previously pebble like
little love button, was now becoming LONG, very thin and pointy.

Suddenly she became aware that the inside of the clear tube was not smooth. Her
precious little slip of flesh was experiencing every little deformity, and it
HURT! But it hurt soo good, her arousal level rose with each stroke of the
vacuum pump.

Despite the pain / pleasure she was experiencing, she worried that her love bud
might be injured or torn out. The fat man was right beside her right hip,
starring down, observing the tubes drawing out of her precious organ.

At some point, Julia knew not when, for she was blinded by the passions
generated by the sucking thing on her love bud, the man shut off the pumping
action. He slipped a tiny collar over her now distended bud, trapping it stuck
out. The tube was then twisted off her organ causing greater chafing and
pleasure totally without any human contact.

The man retrieved the syringe like thing, from the tray of instruments, he had
used to insert those thin brown things inside the 'washer woman' before her.

Through the haze of pleasure / pain Julia watched him retrieve another one of
those long, thin, brown 'things' from the bottle. Again using the three ringed
plastic positioning gage, he located the spot and inserted the first 'thing'
inside her crotch just to the left side of her now drawn out clit. This
insertion hurt, but she was not sure, if it wasn't pleasurable also to her hyper
sensitive sex.

Looking up Julia from her pain / pleasure, saw the man had retrieved another
long thin brown 'thing' from the bottle. With the syringe like injecting device
in his right hand, he bent over her loins. The sting and pain informed her this
one also had joined it's mate, under her labial flesh, slightly behind her
deformed, drawn out clit.

With the inserted 'things' Julia's clit was now permanently held out of it's
formally hooded home. The now smiling man, removed the placement collar but
because of the brown 'things' behind her clit, it could not shrink back under
it's protective hood, as it had since her birth.

The man's rough fingers now began to gently stroke her deformed love button.

Julia's belly commenced to quivering. Her vaginal fluids moistening her crotch
till now, became a river. From now on, the slightest touch to her clit would
guarantee, one hot bitch, ready to fuck anything, or anyone presented to any of
her orifices.

The man now went to a side table on which sat an older computer. After a long
start up time, it lit up with a strange screen logo. After much fumbling with
his greasy fat fingers, he managed to retrieve the file he wanted.

(With her head laying on the sweat soaked table, Julia was able to see that the
file was a graphic representation of the file folder, she had seen on the ship.
This was an electronic representation chronicling her entertaining new life.)

Picking up a paddle like device, beside the computer, he positioned it over her
heaving pubic bone. Then he hit the return key on the computer. The ancient hard
drive whirled and then stopped. He put the paddle down.

At the keyboard the fat fingers changed programs, on the pc. Again he held the
paddle over her now smarting enlarged clit.

The file data reappeared from a blank screen.

From Julia's knowledge of computer, it was apparent, now the file of her
whoredom, was stored in the data modules the man had inserted under her skin in
front of her pubic bone. The paddle like device and computer program had
transferred, a graphic representation, her 'entertaining' file, pictures and all
to the storage chips now permanently implanted beside and behind her distended
clit.

It was there forever, to be retrieved, by anyone who had the equipment ..  If
she ever escaped, the file would be still there, inside her own body, declaring
her a whore! It would remain there, permanently!

As this realization settled in her intellect, her ancient smell brain again
sensed a tremendous 'itching' in her now out there clit from just the mans
breadth blowing over it.

The tiny slip of flesh, now held out exposed by the data modules behind it,
experienced every current of air. Next the fat man's right fore finger's passed
over its sensitive surface .. lightly.

Julia's labia immediately became swelled, engorged with blood.

She knew that now her whoreing instinct was no longer controllable by her
conscious mind. Her modified sex gland, and her contractual obligations,
governed her life.

MORE TO COME??




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





