BDSM Library - Blackmailed Housewife




Blackmailed Housewife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Caroline is a housewife and is caught out having an affair. Her husbands boss blackmails her into becoming his slave.
Blackmailed Housewife

By Master John

Chapter one



Caroline was wondering where her husband had got to he had been due back hours
ago and yet there was still no sign and he wasn't answering his mobile.  The
knock at the door when it came made her heart leap thinking that he was finally
home so she didn't bother grabbing her dressing gown and went to the door
wearing only her pjs.  The happy smile and hello froze on her lips however, when
she saw that it wasn't her husband but a stranger. 

"Yes can I help you?" she asked. 

Caroline became self-conscious of her lack of clothing seeing the leer that the
guy had on his face.  She folded her arms over her 36c breasts.

  "Hi, you don't know me but I'm a friend of your husbands maybe he has
mentioned Tim to you"

"No I'm afraid he hasn't mentioned you. Has something happened to John?"

Caroline was desperate for news of him and knowing about his medical condition
she feared the worst.

"No I'm not here because of John I'm here about a matter concerning you"

Replied Tim

"Me?"

Caroline was confused what matter could concern this perfect stranger.

"Can I come in? And I will explain what I have come to see you about."

Said Tim.

"No you can tell me what you have come for right here thank you and then you can
leave."

Replied Caroline. She had had enough of this creep and wanted rid of him.

"Ok have it your way Caroline but I'm sure you would prefer to talk about this
in privacy."

Said Tim as he opened his briefcase.  He looks through it until he finds a brown
buff envelope. He hands it to Caroline without a word.  Caroline opens the
envelope and pulls out the contents.  She starts as she realises that they are
photos but worse than that they are photos of her and Philip. 

"Ho..How did you get these?"

Stammers Caroline

"It doesn't matter how I got them Caroline it matters that I have them"

Says Tim.

"Now I think it would be better if you let me in don't you."

Caroline is in shock and filled with fright thinking that John could come home
any minute and see these pics and she knew that he would be devastated.  But
part of her still thinks there might be a way of scaring Tim off after all she
has the evidence in her hands and all she has to do is shut the door and then
burn them and John would never know.  Quickly she slams the door in Tim's face
and begins to tear the pictures up.

"That's no good you know Caroline!"

Calls Tim through the door.

"I still have the negatives and there are other sets of those pics waiting to go
out to all of Johns friends." Now make it easier on yourself and open the door I
won't hurt you I promise.  Who knows you might even enjoy yourself with me as
much as you do with Philip."





Caroline bursts into tears hearing all of this and knows that she is defeated.
She reluctantly opens the door and directs Tim into the front room. He sits down
and Caroline goes to do like wise.

"Did I say you could sit slut!" Tim said.

The words hit Caroline with the same amount of sting as a whip. 

"Please what do you want from me. I have money if that's what you want."

Tim laughed at her.

"I don't want your money slut I want you as my slave.  If you don't agree I will
show your husband the pics and you know what will happen if I do that don't
you."

Caroline nodded miserably at him. She knew that Tim held all the cards.

"What do you want me to do?"

Asked Caroline dreading the answer.

"That's better slut. Well for starters you can get your clothes off sluts don't
wear clothes."

The unhappy Caroline stands there in her living room before this guy that now
held such power over her happy life.  She couldn't believe that she had been so
stupid to get caught out.  It had been a moment of weakness with Philip.  She
had been walking around town when he had come up to her and invited her for a
drink.  Normally she would have told him where to go with such an invite but he
had seemed nice and John had been away for a few days and she was feeling
ignored and lonely.  She had found herself falling for his charms and before she
knew it she was in his hotel room.  Afterwards she had been horrified at what
she had done and prayed that she would never bump into him whilst with John. 
And now here was this guy threatening to tell John everything.  With shaking
hands she begins to unbutton her jacket.  Then as tears stream down her face she
lets it fall to the ground.

"Nice tits slut bring them over here."

Directs Tim.  Suppressing her sobs Caroline walks over to him and lets him maul
and suckle on her tits.  She is surprised and horrified to feel her nipples
harden due to the attention he is giving them.  Finally though he stops suckling
them and pushes her away from him.

"Now the rest slut."

"No please you can't make me do this."

Sobs Caroline.

"Ok then I'll be off and I will talk to John in the morning then."

Says Tim as he stands up.  He grabs his briefcase and starts to head for the
door.  Seeing him go and hearing his threat Caroline quickly pulls off her
trousers and throws them at him.

"Changed your mind have you slut?"

Asks Tim smugly.  Caroline nods at him before saying,

"What is it you want me to do Tim?"

Asks Caroline.

"Well for a start you can call me Master from now on understand slut?

"Yes Master"

Replies the defeated girl.

"Good slut now what toys do you have here?"

"I only have a vibrator in my bedside cabinet Master."

Lied Caroline hoping that this would mean that he would leave her alone.  Tim's
hand slapped Caroline in the face.  She screamed and put a hand up to protect
her face from further hits.

"I don't believe you slut. I think your lying to me so we are going to go into
the bedroom so that I can look myself."

Caroline knew that she was beaten so decided to come clean to avoid further
pain.

"Ok, ok I have a whip, a cane some nipple clamps and a butt plug Master.  A slut
is sorry but she doesn't want you to use any of those things on her she just
want's her husband and your friend to use them on me."

Tim laughs at her and says:

"You lost that right the minute you got into bed with your fancy boy slut. Now
let's go into the bedroom and get started shall we?"

Without waiting for an answer Tim walks out of the room and into the bedroom
where he starts to rifle through the wardrobe finding the box in which the items
Caroline had mentioned were concealed.  Caroline stood watching him knowing that
she was powerless to do anything but obey all of Tim's instructions or lose her
life completely.  She watched as Tim went through the box and laid them out on
the bed ready to use on her.  Part of her hoped that John would come home and
stop all of this but then the other half of her feared that Tim would tell him
everything and then that would be the end of everything.  She watched unhappily
as Tim picked up the pair of handcuffs and said;

"Turn around slut and put your hands behind your back."

Knowing that she had no other choice Caroline complied and soon the cuffs were
locked around her wrists.  He then turned her around to face him and began to
play with her nipples and suckling on them until they were hard.  As he did so
Caroline knew what was coming and longed to be able to run or beg him not to do
it but thought that her pleads for mercy would only excite him further.  So
sadly she stood there awaiting this mans pleasure knowing that she was now
trapped as his slave for as long as he wanted her to be.  As soon as her nipples
were hard he picked up the clover leaf nipple clamps.

"Stick your tits out slut."

Tim ordered. Almost without thinking Caroline did so and the clamps were soon
hanging from her nipples.  Fresh tears ran down her face as she began to plead
with him to take them off;

"Please Master take then off they hurt so much. I'll do anything if you take
them off."

Tim laughed as she said this and said;

"They will stay on your nips and you will still do anything that I tell you to
slut and like it.  Now get on the bed on your back."

Dreading what was to come next Caroline still struggled onto the bed and then
onto her back.  Her wrists and arms cried out as she lay down upon them but
fearing what he might do if she tried to get up she lay there silently with
tears falling down her cheeks onto the bed.  As Tim picked up the whip though
Caroline couldn't remain silent any more;

"Oh God no please don't do this.  Just fuck me if that's what you want but don't
whip me please Master I beg you."

But Tim didn't answer instead he picked the whip up and let the thongs of it lay
across her clamped tits. Then what Caroline had been dreading started as the
whip began to strike her tits. Again and again Tim used it on her making sure
that it also caught her clamped nipples making her scream louder.  Then the whip
began to work it's way down her body so that it struck first her belly and then
after a quick order from Tim to spread her legs her thighs and pussy.  By the
time Tim stopped Caroline's body was covered in angry red welts, and she had
screamed so much her voice was now only a croak. 

"Oh god just look at me how am I going to explain this to John?"

"That's your problem slut"

Was the only reply she had from Tim before he grabbed her by the hair and
dragged her up and off of the bed.  Caroline screamed as he did so and tried
desperately to use her bound wrists to aid herself to get up off of the bed. 
Tim dragged her into the front room where he threw her over a chair.  He
uncuffed her arms from behind her and cuffed them to the chair so she was held
bent over the chair ready for the next punishment he had in store for his new
slave. 

Having secured her Tim left the room and went back to the bedroom and recovered
the cane and returned.  As he entered the room and Caroline set eyes on what he
had she screamed out load and tried desperately to get herself free.  But the
cuffs held and soon Tim was applying the cane to her arse.  She screamed and
danced around as the cane bit again and again into her behind.  Tears and mucus
ran down her face and chin onto the seat over which she was bound.  She was
making so much noise that the sound of the cane striking her was drowned out so
the red welts seemed almost as if by magic to appear on her behind.  Tim wielded
the cane again and again until there wasn't a part of her bottom that hadn't
been marked by it. 

He was in heaven he couldn't believe that his plan had worked so well.  It had
been easy to talk Philip into seducing Caroline whilst John was away on a trip. 
He had been hiding in the wardrobe waiting for them with his camera.  Watching
her as she had fucked Philip he had known for certain that this was the girl for
him and he had been even more determined to have her for himself.  Being the
boss it would be easy and had indeed been easy to send John away and he had
plenty of jobs that would keep John away which would give him more then enough
time to turn Caroline into his obedient slave.  He reached between her legs and
ran his fingers through her pussy noting with surprise how wet she was.  As he
continued running his hand through her lips Caroline began to moan and groan and
move her hips in a bucking motion.

"Did you like that slut?

He asked.  Almost without thinking Caroline nodded and moaned.  She was
horrified that her body could betray her so but then being spanked or whipped
had always made her horny. She again wondered where John was and hoped that he
wouldn't come home and find her like this.  She tried desperately to shake Tim's
invading fingers out of her pussy not wanting to give in to her urges.  But
despite her attempts to dislodge him Tim kept moving his fingers backwards and
forwards through her glistening wet lips as well as flicking her clit.  He noted
that as he did so she was growing wetter by the second and her moans were
growing louder and her struggles became weaker until she gave up all together. 
Caroline didn't notice Tim undoing the cuffs so that she was free from the chair
she was so lost in pre orgasmic delight until he withdrew his fingers from
within her.  She mewed as he did so and tried desperately to position her pussy
against his hand again but was unable to.  She was dragged from the front room
and back into the bedroom where he threw her onto her back upon the bed.

Caroline screamed as she landed on her welted behind and began to try and get
off of the bed as she suddenly realised what he intended to do to her.  But Tim
leaped on top of her and pinned her to the bed.  Caroline flailed beneath him
trying to wiggle her body from beneath him and free her arms but he was too
strong for her.  Tears ran down her face as she began to beg him to "let her
go".

Feeling her wiggle beneath him excited Tim still further so quickly he cuffed
her wrists to the headboard so that he could undress without fear of her getting
away from him.  All Caroline could do was lay there watching him strip off his
clothes knowing that she would be unable to stop Tim from raping her.  She
whimpered as the last item of clothing came off of him and she saw for the first
time his large cock sticking out of his body pointed towards her like a spear of
flesh.

"No please don't.  I'll do anything else just don't stick that thing inside me."

Caroline begged as Tim climbed back onto the bed and positioned himself between
her thighs.  His cock was pointed directly at her pussy and he had hold of her
legs to stop her trying to close them or move her body.  He had to hold on
tightly to them as she tried desperately to kick them free so that she could
kick him away from her.  He waited until she had worn herself out before letting
her legs go.  Sweat covered her body and she was breathing heavily from all of
her useless excerptions.  She knew she was beaten and that her body would betray
her.  She wished that John would come home and no matter what the consequences
get Tim out of here so that she wouldn't have to suffer what was to come. 

But John didn't come home to save her instead Tim began to play once again with
her clit.  Building her excitement so that soon she was a gibbering wreck ready
to do anything for him just as long as he stopped teasing her and shoved his
magnificent cock into her pussy which felt like it to was on fire it was so hot.

"Beg for my cock slut"

Ordered Tim.

"Tell me how much you want it."

"Oh god this slut wants it sooo bad. She needs your cock inside of me. Fuck this
whore make me yours."

Tim smiled and was pleased how well she was progressing.  He shoved his cock
deep into her and undid the cuffs.  Immediately her arms were around him and she
was kissing him shoving her tongue deep into his mouth.  So passionate was the
kiss it took his breath away and he had to struggle to regain it and control of
his body.

"You really are a whore aren't you slut."

He said between pants.

"Yes Master I'm your whore. Do what you want with me I'm yours."

Without further encouragement from her he began to pound his cock in and out of
her.  She began to buck her hips in time with his.  Shoving his cock deeper into
her.  She surprised him with her passion and realised he was fast loosing
control of the situation so he speeded up his thrust into her and soon Caroline
was lost in that other world that girls go to as their orgasm approaches.  It
was then that the phone above the bed began to ring.  Tim froze and Caroline
suddenly came round and exclaimed

"It must be John what should I do Master?"

Tim began to think quickly.  If John didn't get a reply he would begin to worry
and might just drop everything that he was doing at the office and come running
home and that would spoil everything.

"Answer it slut and act casual as if nothings wrong or I stick the pictures up
on the notice board tomorrow morning."

"But Master how can I act casual with you fucking me?"

"That's your problem slut not mine now hurry up and answer it"

Caroline complied with his order and answered the phone and sounded as casual as
you can be with a cock going in and out of you."

"Hi darling unnh.. Yes everything oh goddd you are wicked Master. Fine where are
you? Unnh Oh I see your having to work late. Ummm No nothing wrong just ohhh
missing you darling. Ok I will see you later.

With that she put the phone down.

"Good girl I won't have to post those pics after all onto the notice board."

"No Master this girl is a good and obedient slut. I don't want John hurt."

"Well keep obeying me and he won't be understand?"

"Yes Master I understand."

"Good I hope you do."

And with that Tim began to speed his thrusts in and out of her up again and soon
Caroline let out a scream:

"OHHH GODDDD I'M CUMMMMMINNNNNNNNN"

Tim sped up his thrusts and sent her over the edge closely followed by his own
orgasm.  As his cock began to spurt his seed deep inside of her Caroline hissed;

"Yes Master that's it make me all wet and sticky fill me up with your juices
make me yours."

Tim kept pumping his cock in and out of her until she had taken every last drop
into her already dripping snatch.

"Wow slut you are one hot fuck you know that?"

"This slut thhanks you sir.  A slut is happy if she has pleased you."

He planted a kiss on her lips.

"Yes you have pleased me more then all of my expectations."

He pulled out his slimy cock and offered it to her mouth and she eagerly took it
in and began to run her tongue up and down it's length until she had licked all
of their cum off of it.  She almost gagged at the taste of their combined juices
but fearing the consequences of disappointing him she managed to fight the urge
down.  As soon as she had cleaned all of the cum off of his cock Tim withdrew
his cock and got off of the bed.  He grabbed Caroline by the hair and dragged
her out of the bedroom and down the hall into the bathroom.  Turning on the
shower he pushed her inside and then got in after her.

"Wash me slave"

He ordered and Caroline quickly did so. As soon as he was clean Tim then
proceeded to clean her.  Caroline screamed and moaned as his hands ran over her
still clamped nipples and the welts on her breasts, belly and arse.  She moaned
and almost fell to the floor of the shower as the bar of soap was shoved between
her cunt lips and over her clit but Tim managed to steady her.  Finally he tired
of washing her and he turned off the shower and dragged her back into the
bedroom where Caroline dried him and then he did the same to her.  After a quick
look at his watch Tim saw that there was just enough time for him to get dressed
and to be away from here before John should get home.  He made Caroline kneel
before him in the hallway once he was ready to leave and gave his instructions
to her,

"When John gets home you are not to mention anything that has happened today
even if he sees the welts.

2 Tomorrow I will be coming round to get you and I expect to find you dressed in
a smart skirt, stockings and suspenders and a blouse.  You are not to be wearing
a bra or panties.  If I find you are wearing either or both items then our deal
is off and I show the pictures to everyone.

3 You will obey all of my instructions without question or again our deal is
off.

Now do you understand the rules slut? And I hope you realise by now that you are
now mine to do with as I please for as long as I please.

Caroline kneeled before him looking miserable as she nodded that she did
understand.

"Good then I shall see you at the same time as today. Good bye for now slut."

"Goodbye Master."

Said Caroline even more miserable as she realised the full implications of what
Tim had just said to her.  As the door closed behind him tears blossomed in
Caroline's eyes as she realised what she had now become.



The end of Chapter One




Blackmailed Housewife

Chapter Two

By

Master John



Caroline was relieved and upset at the same time as John set out for work in the
morning knowing that Tim would turn up soon expecting her to be dressed the way
he had directed her to be.  Last night had been the worse night with her husband
and she hoped that she never would have to spend one again so on edge.  She had
had to try not to scream out load as she had sat or stood due to the welts that
covered her body.  Convincing John not to touch her had been worse and they had
ended up fighting over it and they still weren't quite back on speaking terms
now.  Thinking about it she wondered whether there would be a marriage to save
if this continued much longer.  Despite her fears of what could happen, Caroline
convinced herself that she was going to have to have this out with Tim when he
turned up.  She would be his slave as long as he didn't make her as bad as he
had yesterday so that she could have a normal relationship with John.  If he
didn't like it then he could just go ahead and show anyone the pictures for she
would know that there was no way she could keep refusing to have John touch her
or see her naked or make love even and hope to keep the relationship intact.

Feeling happier about her plan of action Caroline stripped off her pyjamas
gingerly trying to keep them from catching on any of the welts.  She then
stepped into the shower and let the water play over her sore body and was
thankful for the regenerative effect as the water soothed her aching body.  She
then stepped out of the shower and picked up her razor and foam and shaved her
pussy bare and made sure that her legs and under her arms were clean as well. 
Then after cleaning her teeth she went back to the bedroom and laid out the
clothes that she had been ordered to wear before starting to apply her makeup. 
Satisfied with the face that looked back at her she began to dress.  First on
was the white suspender belt she had worn for the wedding followed by the
stockings that she had also worn that day.  Thinking about that day her eyes
were drawn to the picture of them both standing outside the chapel.  Seeing it
bought back all the pain and sorrow she felt as well as the fear of losing the
one man that had been kind and gentle with her.  Anger welled up inside her at
the thought of the man that had come between her and John.  Tears began to fall,
which further angered her as she thought that she would have to reapply it now
and time was fast running out for her.  As quickly as she could Caroline re did
her make up and put on the skirt and blouse she had chosen and then slipped on
her 6 -inch heels.  She was studying herself in the mirror when the doorbell
went.

Smoothing down her skirt and still feeling determined to make it clear to Tim
how things were going to be from now on she went and answered the door.

"Hi slut"

Tim said as he stepped inside.

"Glad to see you have been sensible and dressed as ordered at least I hope you
have.  Lift your skirt for me."

Feeling ashamed and angry at this man she still did as ordered and showed him
her bare pussy.

"You have been busy haven't you slut?"

Said Tim as he reached out and ran his hand over her pussy to see how smooth it
was. 



Caroline inwardly cringed to his touch and longed to slap his hand away but she
remained standing before him for his amusement knowing that she was likely to
anger him soon enough with what she had to say.

"Now open your blouse slut."

Caroline's fingers were shaking so much she struggled to undo the buttons but
eventually she managed it and held open the blouse so that he could gaze again
at her 36c breasts.  She wasn't surprised but equally repulsed at the touch of
his hands upon them but again she remained silent and obedient.

"Good I'm glad you have been sensible and obeyed my instructions slut. I would
hate to have had to go back to work and call John into my office so that I could
show him the pics of you and your lover boy."

"I need to talk with you about that."

Caroline replied.

"Oh what have we to discuss? After all it's simple you obey me or I tell John
and you lose everything I thought I had explained it to you well enough.

"Yes I know my choices are few but if you continue to mark me as much as
yesterday so that I can't continue having relations with John there will be no
marriage and you will lose any hold over me won't you!"

Answered Caroline defiantly.  Tim seemed to think about this for a while before
saying;

"Your right if you and John split then I lose my hold over you so you have
yourself a deal on the whipping.  However you will have to make up for it in
other ways understand me slave?"

Caroline felt a wave of joy and fear go through her.  First she had got her way
but now he seemed to have something far worse then the whipping in mind for her. 
Still if it meant that she could get back to having relations with John she
hoped that it would be a small price she would have to pay for speaking out like
this.

"Yes Master I understand."

Caroline said.

"Good then let's go."

Go...Go where Master? I can't go out like this.  At least let me put panties on
before we go".

"I said let's go slave I won't tell you again"

Caroline seeing that he wasn't going to budge in terms of her panties picked up
her handbag with her purse and keys in and stepped outside.  As soon as Tim was
out as well she shut and after taking her keys out locked the door.  As they
walked towards Tim's car Caroline felt her face turning red as people walked by. 
She was convinced that they knew she wasn't wearing any panties or a bra under
her clothes.  I t was a relief when they got to the car and Tim opened the
passenger door so that she could get inside.  As soon as she was inside she slid
down in the chair so that she was out of sight.

Tim got into the driver's side and upon seeing her he ordered her, "To sit up
straight."  Reluctantly Caroline did so but kept her head down hoping that no
one would recognise her.  Tim started the car and drove out of the car park and
out onto the main road.  He kept driving until they were out in lonely country
lanes before speaking to her again,

 "Now then slut I want you to remove your skirt and show me that shaved cunt of
yours."

Caroline was horrified at his request. 

"B..but we're out in public I can't do that."

Tim sighed and pulled the car over to the side of the road and turned towards
Caroline.

"Ok slut either get your skirt up and show me your shaved cunt or you can get
out of the car.  I can assure you by the time you get home John will have seen
the pictures."

Tears began to fall from her eyes as she undid the button of her skirt and then
pulled down the zip.  Seeing her obey his command Tim pulled the car back onto
the road and began to drive down the lane again.  As Caroline pulled her arse
off of the seat so that she could pull it down off of her hips they suddenly
came upon a tractor driving the other way.  As Tim quickly pulled the car into
the verge she went to sit back down but Tim stopped her.  Caroline felt her face
burning as the farmer slowed even further to get a better view of her as she
finally removed her skirt.  Tim pretended to not notice the farmer's leering
glance towards her as he negotiated the car round the tractor.  As he turned
towards Caroline to ordered he to play with herself Caroline let out a scream of
fright.  Tim turned his eyes back out of the windscreen just in time to see the
water filled ditch directly ahead of them.  Frantically he tried to turn the car
but it was too late and the car ploughed headfirst into it and the engine died
as it was flooded. 

Caroline had scrunched into a little ball on the seat so that her stocking
encased legs weren't in the filthy water that poured into the car. 
Unfortunately the same couldn't be said for her skirt that was floating on the
surface.

"My skirt is ruined and we are stranded out in the middle of nowhere.  But
dressed as I am there's no way you can call someone out to help us."

Tim was thinking along the same lines as Caroline.  Even if he could get someone
to come and get the car out of this ditch there was no way he would be able to
keep Caroline out of sight.  A worse thought and the more than likely option was
that the car would have to be towed back to town.  It would be impossible to
keep her state of undress a secret from the mechanic.  And the way their luck
was going today it would more than likely be a guy who was prudish and call the
cops on them both.  Caroline was sniffling beside him and Tim was slipping
further into a depression at how soon his little game had come to an end.  He
was also beginning to realise the possible consequences to his career let alone
Caroline's life.  Despite the threat to her and John's happiness he had no
intention of telling John anything but for now Caroline didn't have to know that
yet.  For now the thought of him being told was enough to make her obey.  Tim
knew however very soon she would obey because she realised that he was her
Master.  At least that would have happened if he hadn't been so stupid as to
drive the car into this Bloody Fucking Ditch.

The knock on his window startled him out of his thoughts.  He looked round
towards the window dreading to see the uniform and face of a policeman but
instead he found himself looking into the leering face of the farmer.

"Having a bit of trouble are you?"

The farmer said as he pressed his face closer to the glass to try and catch a
glimpse of Caroline's bare pussy and arse.  Looking over at Caroline he saw a
look that was so filled with anger and defiance directed towards the farmer and
himself.  The look frightened Tim but seemed to have no effect on the farmer who
in fact didn't seem to realise that it was directed at him.  Quickly he turned
his gaze back to the farmer and replied,

"Yes we are any chance of helping us out?"

"Hmmm".

Said the farmer before his face took on more of a leer as he said,

"I help you out and she helps me out ok?"

Both Caroline and Tim could guess what kind of help the farmer wanted.  The
thought made Caroline shudder with repulsion whilst a thrill went through Tim at
the opportunity to further humiliate his slave.

"Ok you have got yourself a deal."

Said Tim. The farmers' face brightened at hearing this and he hurried off to his
tractor to get the cable he had on the back of the tractor.  As he returned Tim
opened the drivers door letting in a tidal wave of the dirty water that filled
the ditch.  Seeing it Caroline scrunched further into a ball on the seat trying
to keep herself out of it.  Tim cursed as he was covered in the filthy and muddy
water but he still made his way around to the back of the car to help secure the
cable to the towing bar.  After a lot of cursing the cable was finally secured
and Tim hurried back into the drivers seat ready to steer the car out of the
ditch.  The tractor began to pull but even it struggled to get the car out of
the ditch at first but then finally the car came free of the ditch.  The farmer
then began to tow the car into the nearby farmyard.  Tim got out of the car and
helped to release the tow and then he lent back into the car and pulled the
lever to release the catch of the bonnet, which he then opened and looked at the
engine. The farmer came and stood beside him and after a quick glance at it
said,

"This should be easy to fix."

Without another word he disappeared into the nearby barn and after a few minutes
returned with a toolbox.  He put the box down beside the car and began to pull
out various tools and soon he had the spark plugs out which he dried with a rag
and he also used it on the connectors for the battery.  After that the farmer
directed Tim to have a go at starting the car.  Tim got in and turned the key. 
The car turned over but wouldn't catch.  He tried again and the car fired
briefly before it died again.  Finally on the third attempt the car finally
fired and the car purred into life. He gunned the engine a few times to make
sure that all was well and then he turned off the engine.

"Shouldn't we be getting back?"

Asked Caroline who was eager to get away from the farmer and Tim as soon as
possible.

"Now, now Caroline we can't just leave without you thanking our host can we?"

Caroline shuddered again thinking about the look that their host as Tim put it
had been giving her since he had first spotted her.

"Also he has offered to let you use his washing machine so that you can clean
your clothes.  Now isn't that kind of him?"

Caroline felt a wave of hope wash through her at hearing that she might be able
to get her skirt clean so that she would be able to keep her dignity in front of
her neighbours.  More importantly she would be able to keep her betrayal a
secret from John.

"Yes it's very kind of him."

She said as she picked up the sodden muddy skirt and stepped out of the car and
walked over to the farmer.  She tried to ignore the leer on the farmer's face as
she stood before him and asked where the washing machine was?  He put his arm
around her and guided her into the house and into the kitchen and showed her
where it was and where the powder was kept.  She had to fight the urge to slap
his hands away from her bottom as they ran over it and his fingers explored her
crack.  She became alarmed however when his fingers began to probe her hole but
she found that she was able to move her body away from his probing fingers
whilst making it look like she was loading the machine.  Despite her attempts at
keeping away from the water some of it had splashed onto her blouse and
stockings so despite her embarrassment at the attention of the two guys she
stripped them off and threw them into the machine.  She twisted the dial and set
the machine going.

As she turned away from it she found herself in the arms of the farmer whose
hands predictably went for her breasts.  Despite her anger and shame she found
herself getting excited as his hands played and toyed with her nipples until
they were erect.  As one of his hands travelled down her body until it was
running over where her pubes should be she found herself opening her legs for
him. She looked into his eyes with a look of defiance that made him look away
from her and she laughed inwardly at her victory.   Afterwards she would think
that it was that moment that made her a party to what happened next.  She moaned
as his fingers found her clit and they began to tease it out of its hood.  The
feelings coming from her clit which seemed over sensitive for some reason made
her legs buckle from under her and it was only the quick reactions of the farmer
that saved her from falling in a heap at his feet. Quickly he laid her on her
back upon the table. She was surprised how gently he did it and she was still
overcome with the intense feeling coming from her clit, so offered no resistance
as he spread her legs. He then pulled over a chair and sat in it so that he was
between her spread thighs.  He bent forward and began to lap at her clit.  As
his tongue touched her clit the feeling was so intense that Caroline's body
arched off of the table and she grabbed his head with her hands and held it
against her pussy.  The farmer began to eagerly lap up her juices sticking his
tongue deep inside her making her cry out with pleasure.

Tim was watching the couple and was surprised at how Caroline had reacted he had
expected her to put up some resistance after the obvious repulsion she had felt
towards this stranger.  But instead she was giving herself freely to him and he
could feel his own cock growing hard.  He quickly discarded his trousers and
underwear and walked over to where Caroline's head was hanging off of the table. 
He put his cock to her lips and she eagerly opened her mouth to accommodate him. 
Tim eased his cock deep into her mouth feeling her fighting her gag impulse as
it went further down her throat.  As soon as he was all the way inside her he
began to pump his cock in and out of her mouth.  Her head began to bob up and
down matching his pace and her tongue was running up and down the length of it
as if she was licking an ice-lolly making Tim groan.

Caroline couldn't believe that she was taking part almost willingly in this but
there was something guiding her deep inside her and it was hard to ignore.  The
tongue being shoved in and out of her pussy was making her almost lose her mind
and it was only Tim's cock lodged deep in her throat that prevented her from
screaming out loud. Instead her moans and groans came out muffled whilst her
breath hissed loudly from her nose as she dragged in much needed oxygen.  She
could feel her heart almost pounding out of her chest as her orgasm grew near
and in her excitement she was bobbing her head up and down Tim's cock so fast he
was fast loosing control and he soon pumped his warm salty load deep into her
throat.  As soon as Caroline felt Tim's cock begin to tense she knew that he was
close and that knowledge drove her closer to her own orgasm.  As she eagerly
drank Tim's warm salty load Tim kept pumping his cock in and out of her mouth
making her milk every last drop that he had.  Finally Tim was spent and he
withdrew his cock and Caroline let her head hang down off of the table again as
she tried desperately to get her breath back but the farmers tongue wasn't
allowing her to as it was bringing her closer to her own orgasm. 

Suddenly the tongue was withdrawn from her pussy causing Caroline to meow in
disappointment and frustration and she looked down her body to see what had made
him stop.  The sight that she saw filled her with fear as she saw the largest
cock she had ever seen approaching her pussy.

"Oh my god you'll kill me if you stick that thing in me."

She said. The farmer just chuckled at her and began to push it inside of her. 
She felt it going inside of her stretching her pussy to dimensions she felt it
was never meant to be stretched. She gritted her teeth and held on to the end of
the table tightly with her fingers with such strength she was convinced that the
top of the table would come away in them.

"It's too big stop..Please stop your killing me."

She begged. But the farmer ignored her and kept pushing himself deep within her. 
Finally he was all the way inside her and he began to pump his cock in and out
of her causing Caroline to moan.  He felt her pussy's muscles gripping his cock
as he continued to pump slowly in and out of her.  Caroline was almost in a
world of her own. She had never thought or felt it was so possible to feel so
stuffed despite John being so big this guy was still stretching her pussy
further then she had before. As the farmer moved so agonisingly slow in and out
of her she felt the stirrings of longing and anticipation.  She couldn't believe
that her body was going to betray her and began to try and get the guys cock out
of her so that she could get away but Tim grabbed her shoulders and held her to
the table. She thrashed around trying to dislodge the cock and throw Tim's hands
off of her but all she succeeded in doing was exciting the farmer still further
and forcing his cock deeper into her already stretched pussy.

Tears began to fall from her eyes as she realised that there was no escape from
these two men and that she was going to be raped for the second time in as many
days.  Seeing her relax and accept the situation Tim loosened his grip on
Caroline's shoulders and the farmer began to thrust in and out of her more
vigorously.  Soon Caroline's tears had stopped as she was swept up in the pre
orgasmic state that she so feared and loved.  She knew and was surprised how
much of a response these men could get from her and she began to wonder if she
was a slut who enjoyed nothing more then being used by men. As her excitement
grew she began to match the farmers thrusts with her own. She began to use her
virginal muscles to begin to milk the cock within her trying to bring him off.
She grabbed the farmers' head and shoved his lips against her breasts and
ordered him to "suck her nipples." Tim watching all of this was surprised at her
strength of passion.  He watched in a state of awe as her figure writhed beneath
the farmer taking control of the situation making the farmer her slave rather
then the other way around.   

The farmer also realised that he had lost control of the situation and hearing
the washing machine begin it's spin cycle he quickly lifted her from the table
and deposited her on it with his cock still deep within her.  The combination of
the vibration from the machine and the cock deep within her soon meant that
Caroline had lost control. The machine as it spun teased her clit and it also
made her body jump up and down upon the pounding cock. From her heavy breathing
he knew that she was near her orgasm and soon he was proved right as her body
rose from the machine and she let out an almost ear piercing scream.  As she did
so the farmer let out a grunt and a groan as he too shot his load deep within
her. As she felt the cock within her begin to spurt Caroline screamed again and
she held the farmer to her as he pumped what felt like a river deep within her.

("Thank god I'm on the pill")

She thought as again and again the cock spasmed and spurted its warm sticky load
into her. She felt some of it running out of her and down the crack of her arse
before pooling under her on the top of the washing machine.  She thought that
now he was spent the farmer would let her down but instead he held her clit
against the corner of the machine and made her cum again.  As the machine
finally stopped it's spin the farmer finally lifted her off of the machine and
withdrew his now limp cock from within her.  Caroline's legs felt like jelly as
she tried desperately to find her footing so that she could take out of the
machine her skirt, blouse and stockings.  She studied each item critically and
was satisfied to find that they were fine and there was no permanent damage. 
She threw the items into the dryer and prayed that the skirt wouldn't shrink but
time was short and Tim needed to get her home soon or John would be there
wanting an explanation as to where they had been. With the dryer started
Caroline turned to face her tormentors who had taken seats at the table so that
they could watch her loading the machine drinking in the sight of her tight arse
as she bent over giving them a view also of her pussy which still leaked cum. 
They could see that her thighs were also coated and they glistened in the
sunlight that streamed through the window.

Tim felt his cock begin to stir at the sight of her and as soon as she turned
back to face them he stood up and walked over to her.  Without saying a word he
grabbed her and kissed her deeply on the lips until he had her breathless and
heady.  She hung limp in his arms surprised at the intensity of is kiss.  She
offered no resistance as he led her from the kitchen and out into the yard. Tim
spotted what he wanted and led her over to a muddy part of the yard.

"Get on all fours for me slut."

He directed.  So wrapped up in the haze of that kiss Caroline did so. She
guessed what Tim's intention was so stuck her arse up in the air and her head to
the mud.  She shuddered as her breasts went into a cold muddy puddle but she
remained where she was knowing that escape wasn't an option.  She felt his cock
enter her and she was grateful for the cum inside of her as it meant that her
pussy was well lubricated.  Tim began to thrust in and out of her forcing her
face deeper into the mud and her nipples made a wake like a ship charging
through the sea.  Tim began to thrust harder and harder forcing Caroline to
groan and her head again and again into the mud.  Her breasts made swishing
noises in the water. She couldn't believe the feelings coursing through her body
as the mud and water swirled about her body.  Her nipples due to the coldness of
the water had grown hard and erect.  She had never felt so dirty or felt such a
sense of abandon quite like the one she was feeling now kneeling in the mud for
this man to fuck her.  She began to thrust her hips back against Tim's cock, as
her orgasm grew nearer.  Finally she felt Tim's cock begin to pulse just before
the first spurt of his cum hit her insides.  Feeling it drove her over the edge
and she began to cum herself.  Tim kept pumping in and out of her until they
were both spent. 

Caroline collapsed into the mud breathing heavily desperately trying to regain
control of her breathing and senses.  Tim collapsed on top of her pressing her
body deeper into the mud.  His hands idly played through her hair that was now
caked in mud until he felt able to get off.  He loved her he realised at that
moment and that feeling surprised him.  He bent down and helped Caroline up onto
her feet and he looked at her mud and cum covered body.  She stood there meeting
his gaze confused at the feelings she felt towards this guy for she was supposed
to hate him instead she felt the stirrings of love towards her tormentor.  The
farmer broke into their thoughts then saying that the dryer was finished and
that it was getting late which meant that his wife would be home soon.  The
mention of the wife bought Tim and Caroline back to reality and they were
rushing back inside when Tim suddenly pointed out that there was no way she
would be able to go home in that state.

"Well there's no way she's coming inside like that!"

Said the farmer.

"There's a hose around the side of the house you can wash her off with that."

Both Tim and Caroline dashed around the house and found the hose.  Caroline
gasped and struggled to breath as the ice cold water hit her body.  She tried to
get into a ball until Tim pointed out that if she didn't get clean he wouldn't
be able to get her home.  With that thought she stood as still as possible and
allowed the hose to play over her body.  She felt her nipples grow painfully
erect as the water hit them and she had to fight down her urge to cover herself.
She screamed as Tim shoved the hose up between her legs to wash out her pussy. 
Finally though Tim was satisfied that she was clean so they hurried to the back
door where the farmer stood with a towel for her and she quickly used it to dry
herself as best she could.  She was still shivering from the water as she
slipped on what clothing she was allowed to wear.  Then with a kiss goodbye to
the farmer they dashed out to the car.  Despite the risks of being caught by a
policeman Tim sped back towards town.

As Tim finally pulled into the car park near her home Caroline glanced at her
watch.  She noted that Tim had got her back with plenty of time before John was
due home, which was a relief.

"I will be coming for you tomorrow same time as today.  You are to be naked for
me for I'm bringing the clothes I want you to wear.  Same with your make up I
will direct you how and what to apply."

Tim said.

"Yes Master I will be dressed as you order me to be when you arrive for your
slut."

She replied feeling a slight thrill go through her wondering what he had in
store for her.  He leant over to her and kissed her hard like he had in the
farmers' kitchen so it was a surprise for Caroline when she realised that she
was standing in her front room.  Shaking herself back to reality she quickly
hurried in to the bedroom where she shed her clothes and changed into a pair of
jogging bottoms and a T-shirt before starting dinner.  Hearing a key in the lock
she hurried into the hall and leapt into John's arms before he was properly
through the door.

"I'm sorry for last night and this morning Hun.  Please forgive me and lets not
fight any more."

John held her in his arms a minute looking at her before finally saying,

"Ok lets pretend last night never happened."

Caroline smiled at him before heading off towards the kitchen letting him shed
his coat and briefcase.

"So what have you been doing today babe."

John called from the front room.

"Oh not much had a nice relaxing day waiting for you to come home."

She replied as a smile played on her lips.



The End of Chapter Two




Blackmailed Wife

Chapter Three



Caroline's eyes filled with tears as John's cock entered her.  This was the man
that she loved so much and yet she had betrayed him with another man.  Worse
then that she had just spent the day with two men and allowed them to fuck her
and she had found herself enjoying it.  As John began to move his cock in and
out of her he saw the tears and she could see concern cloud his face.  As he
moved to stop she grabbed him and locked her legs around him.  She gripped his
cock with her virginal muscles and gasped,

"No don't stop fuck me make me yours."

John looked down at her and said,

"What's wrong hun why are you crying?"

"Because I love you so much my darling and I thought I had lost you for good
last night."

John leant down and kissed her before saying,

"You'll never lose me babe your mine for ever."

He again leant down and kissed her and began to move his cock in and out of her.
One of his hands grabbed one of her breasts and began to grope it as he kept his
cock moving in and out of her in slow measured strokes.  Caroline was in heaven
as she felt his cock in and out of her. Caroline had had a moment of panic when
John had commented about her shaved pussy but she had explained it away saying
that it was a surprise for him.  She thrust her hips in time with his strokes
and showered his face and upper chest with kisses as her hands groped his arse.
Caroline felt like she was floating off of the bed as she felt her orgasm draw
near.  John always had known what she wanted and how.  He worked his cock in and
out of her faster as he sensed her impending orgasm.  His mouth closed around
one of her nipples and he began to suck hard upon it causing her to rise up from
the bed thrusting her breast up to his mouth as her hips increased there thrusts
in time with John's until finally she came.  John kept up his thrusts bringing
her off again and again until finally he shot his load deep inside of her.  As
Caroline felt the first jets hit her insides fresh tears formed in her eyes and
she pulled John head into her neck. She bit her lips to stifle her sobs so that
he wouldn't see that she was crying again, for she knew that John would keep
pressing for an answer as to why she was crying. They lay in each other's arms
kissing and cuddling until finally they fell asleep still entwined together.



All too soon morning came and Caroline hurriedly made John breakfast as he
showered and dressed. As soon as John was dressed he came and sat at he table
and he started buttering a slice of toast as Caroline put a cup of tea before
him.

"So what are you up to today baby?

John asked.

"Umm I was thinking of going out and have a look around the shops today see what
is on sale."

John reached into his blazer pocket and withdrew his wallet. Opening it he
rifled through it counting out some of the notes inside it. Then he drew some
out and handed them to her,

"Here's ?200 bye yourself some nice new clothes or something it has been a while
since I last treated you."

Caroline put her arms around him and kissed him before saying,

"I love you Mr Wade and I'm lucky to have you."



John looked at her and smiled then he glanced over at the clock on the wall and
said,

"I'm afraid it's time for me to go or I'm going to be late."

He put another slice of toast in his mouth as he accepted his coat that Caroline
was offering to him.  As soon as he had it on they walked to the door together.
He took out the slice of toast and gave her a warm long kiss before opening the
door and stepping outside. As he walked away he called back,

"Have a nice day at the shops hun. I love you see you later."

"I will my darling and I love you too."

Caroline stood in the doorway waving until he was out of sight. Then she shut
the door and hurried into the bathroom and got into the shower herself.  Whilst
in there she made sure that she re-shaved her pussy and also made sure that her
legs and under her arms were shaved as well.  Satisfied that she had got herself
clean and was freshly shaved she turned off the shower and stepped out of it. 
She grabbed the towel that was sitting on the toilet awaiting her and went into
the bedroom where she dried herself.  Once Caroline was dry she sat in front of
the mirror and brushed her short shoulder length hair getting all the knots out. 
When she was satisfied that she had got all the knots out Caroline sat there
wondering what she should do next for Tim had ordered her not to be dressed when
he arrived.  Having nothing better to do she walked into the kitchen and put the
kettle on and got a mug out and made herself a cup of tea which she then took
into the front room.  She sat at the table with it and it was then that she saw
the money that John had left her and she felt a pang of guilt thinking about
what Tim was likely to get her to do today.  She felt herself beginning to cry
when the doorbell went.

In her distressed state she went to the door without thinking and opened the
door to find a parcel delivery guy standing there.  It wasn't until she saw his
eyes pop out of his head that she remembered that she was naked and she felt her
face going red as she used her hands to cover her breasts and shaved pussy.

"Yes can I help you?

Asked Caroline feeling her face growing redder whilst for some reason she felt
her pussy beginning to grow wet under the gaze of this man.  "What's wrong with
me?" she wondered.

"I have a parcel here for a Mrs Wade."

Replied the delivery guy as his eyes still drank in the sight of her naked body
which Caroline's hands were unable to cover completely.

"Yes that's me."

Caroline replied.

"Just give it to me and go please or I will call your supervisor and make a
complaint."

The guy didn't seem to be bothered by her threat and just stood there staring at
her making no attempt to hand her the parcel.

"It needs to be signed for."

Angrily Caroline grabbed the pro offered clipboard and signed her name where he
indicated. She was aware that now she was holding the clipboard she was letting
him see all of her but again she felt a thrill go through her pussy under this
strangers gaze.  She found herself taking her time and began to act dumb asking
him to again making him point out where she was supposed to sign again. 











Finally though she decided that enough was enough and she knew that Tim would be
along soon expecting her to be waiting for him not acting like some whore
flirting with the delivery guy. She took the parcel but put it down so that as
the guy walked away he was able to see all of her. As he got to the steps that
led down from the patio she shook her tits at him and began laughing as he
practically fell down them. She was still laughing as she shut the door and took
the parcel into the front room.  She cleared a space upon the table and looked
at the postmark to see where it had come from. She wondered if John had bought
her something as a surprise, so eagerly she opened it.  Peering inside she box
she found an envelope with the words "hello slut" upon it. Seeing those words
her heart sank for she knew that this parcel wasn't from John it was actually
from Tim.  She wondered how long Tim had been plotting to blackmail her, for him
to have had time to arrange to have a parcel sent to her so soon. With dread she
opened the envelope and withdrew the letter that was inside and began to read
it,



Hello slut,

I trust that you enjoyed yourself standing naked before the delivery guy just
now. In the parcel you will find your clothes and makeup for today. I want you
to wear your six inch heals again today they will set off the dress perfectly. I
want you to use lots of the make up that I have provided you with so that you
look like a whore. You have 30 minutes to get yourself ready and outside in the
car park where I will be waiting for you.

Tim

P: S if your not outside within 30 minutes you will find me gone and I will be
going back to the office to show John some of the pictures of you and your lover
boy.

Caroline felt the urge to cry again as she first looked at the clock upon the
wall and then began to take out the items that were inside.  The first item was
a dress, "if you could call it that she thought." As she looked at the picture
on the wrapping that encased it.



 There was a collar as well like the one in the picture, as well as plenty of
bright coloured make-up. Looking at the clock upon the wall she saw that she
only had 25 minutes left so she hurried into the bedroom with the clothes and
the make- up. As quickly as Caroline could she applied the make-up trying to
give herself the look that Tim wanted her to have.  Satisfied that she had done
as good a job as she could she stepped away from the dressing table and went
over to the dress. She picked it up feeling the PVC material.  It had strings
all the way down the front and she quickly undid them and put the dress on. As
soon as it was on her first thought was that there was no way that she could go
out in this for it hardly covered her arse or her shaved pussy. But then she
remembered the penalty for none compliance with Tim's orders she picked up the
collar and feeling shamed she strapped it around her neck.  Then she slipped on
her shoes and then went back into the front room where she put the ?200 John had
given her into her purse found her keys and then walked to the door. She stood
there in the hall trying to get some courage up to be able to step outside when
the image of waving goodbye to John this morning went through her mind and so
feeling determined she opened the door and stepped outside.



She locked the door and then feeling self conscious of how little she was
wearing she made her way over to where she could see Tim was parked. She knew
better than to just get straight into the car so she stood before the driver's
side of the car to let him get a good look at her.  As it turned out he wasn't
the only one for the workmen on the nearby building site saw her and they began
to wolf whistle and call out to her. Caroline felt her face going red again
under all of this attention for she had always been shy of her body. Tim made
her stand before him for what seemed an age for Caroline before he finally said
anything,  "God you are so beautiful I knew that dress would look perfect on
you."  Hearing this she again wondered how long he had been plotting all of this
but she bit her tongue and kept standing there before him and the workmen who
were all trying to get a better look at her. Despite her shyness and horror of
the amount of attention she was getting Caroline made no complaint as one of
Tim's' hands reached out and began to lift the hem of her dress. In fact she
found herself opening her legs to allow him a better view and access of her
shaved pussy.  The workmen seeing what Tim was doing increased their catcalls
and began to shout out what they thought that he should do with her. As his
fingers ran through her labia Caroline let out a sigh and she felt her pussy
getting wetter by the second, which again left her feeling confused. As his
fingers began to rub her clit Caroline lost control of her hips and she began to
move them backwards and forwards against his fingers. Looking over at the
builders she felt laughter rising within her again as she saw their eyes popping
out of their heads and she could see that they were in danger of falling off of
the scaffolding due to their attempts to watch the action. But then her laughter
froze in her throat as Tim began to move his finger in time with her bucking
hips.  As the fingers began to rub her clit more insistently she almost forgot
that she was outside with an audience and let herself go. Her head fell back and
she began to moan louder as Tim kept playing with her clit until she finally
went over the edge and came.



"Get in the car slut lets go we have an appointment and we don't want to be
late!"

On unsteady legs Caroline made her way around the car to the passenger side and
got in giving the builders a view of her bare arse, which made them cry out
again.

Tim started the car and drove out onto the main road. After a while Caroline
decided to risk asking a question,

"Where are we going today?"

At first Tim ignored her then suddenly he said,

"We are going to Great Yarmouth you have an appointment for some lessons."

"Lessons what lessons?

Caroline asked worried and confused as to what Tim had lined up to torment and
humiliate her today. Tim chuckled at her before saying,

"You will find out soon enough my dear."

For the rest of the drive Caroline just sat there self conscious of the looks
she was getting each time a car passed by or they stopped at a set of traffic
lights.













At first she had tried to pull the hem of the dress down further to try and
cover her pussy but after a while she realised that the attempt was futile for
there just wasn't enough material to make it possible so she had given up.  Tim
had watched her attempts to cover up and had inwardly laughed at how
self-consciousness she was about her body after the show that she had just put
on for the builders.  He also knew that very soon a lot more men would be gazing
at her body, but they would be paying for the privilege. A thrill ran through
him as he thought about the plan he had to further humiliate Caroline once she
had become more comfortable in her new role.  Tim drove into Great Yarmouth and
drove straight out to the sea front. He drove along it until he came to a place
he could turn and did so. He then drove slowly along behind one of the horse
drawn taxi's until he saw the alley way beside the club that was their
destination for today. As Tim parked the car Caroline turned to him and asked,

"What are we doing here?"

Tim turned to her as he switched the engine off and asked her,

"Did John give you any money this morning?"

Caroline was in shock at hearing this.

"Ho..How did you know about that?"

She stammered. She began to wonder if Tim had told him everything after all and
this was John's way of tormenting her for her infidelity? She began to feel
miserable thinking how much John must hate her right now and she felt the
familiar sting in her eyes as tears began to form. Tim seeing her eyes beginning
to water guessed what was causing her distress and he pulled her over into his
arms. At first she resisted but in her distress she felt that she needed to hold
onto someone even if it was this bastard who had ruined everything.

"It's ok hun really he doesn't know anything about our little secret."

He soothed her as he ran a hand through her shoulder length hair.

"He... doesn't? You promise he doesn't."

Caroline said feeling a glimmer of hope.

"I told you that if you co-operated he wouldn't know a thing and so far you have
kept your side of the bargain so I have kept mine. Your wondering how I know
about the money aren't you?"

Caroline didn't trust her voice by now so she just nodded her head against his
chest. Right now she felt very close to Tim and she thought that if she wasn't
with John then she would love to be with this man. She wondered what it would
feel like to lie in bed with this man romantically rather then like yesterday on
all fours in the mud of the farmyard. 

"He had the money because it is time for everyone's bonuses to be paid and this
year has been a very good one for the company."

Tim explained. Caroline felt her eyes growing wetter as relief flooded through
her knowing that John hadn't found out anything about her betrayal.

There.. there, hun. You don't need to cry everything's all right. All you have
to do is walk into the club and ask for gin. She will then explain what the
lessons will contain and when you will be required to attend them. You must also
hand her the ?200 John gave you this morning.

"Bu..but he gave me that money to buy myself something nice to wear."

Caroline stammered.

"But you have something nice to wear for him tonight haven't you?"

Tim said pointing at the dress she was wearing.



"This! I can't tell him I spent all that money on this."

"Ok then tell him that you have used some of the ?200 for dancing lessons or
joined a gym and the dress."

"Yes I could tell him that."

Caroline said brightening at the thought. She could also imagine the reaction
she would get from John when he saw her in the dress tonight. Feeling better she
made sure that her make up was straight in the rear view mirror and then stepped
out of the car. Nervously she made her way into the club and walked over to the
bar. She asked the bar man where she could find gin and she soon found herself
standing before gin herself. Caroline explained that Tim had sent her and very
quickly she was relieved of her money. Then gin led her over to the stage and
they stood on it looking out over the bar.

"Now as you know Caroline you are here to learn how to dance."

"Yes I am. At least that's what Tim told me I was here to learn."

"Well you're here to learn how to pole dance and lap dance in fact."

Caroline was shocked.  She felt her knees turn to jelly and she grabbed onto the
pole that went from the floor to the ceiling.

"I can't strip in front of anyone."

Gin sighed before saying,

"In that case I will refund you your money. Tim also asked me to tell you that
failure to take part in these lessons will result in him driving you straight to
the office and calling John in for a private conference. During the conference
he will show John the videos of you in action and all the photos of course. I
have seen them myself and you would be really great in this kind of work because
you're such a shameless slut."

Caroline knew that she was trapped. She also felt determined not to cry again
today no matter what happened, until she was alone at home.

 "Ok what do I have to do?"

She asked. A few hours later Tim saw Caroline stagger out of the club. He could
see that she was exhausted and knew that gin had given her a thorough work out.
She opened the car door and slumped inside. Tim looked at her noting the beads
of perspiration running down from her fore head down her face and finally down
between her breasts. He lent over to her and kissed her on the mouth and he
pushed his tongue into her mouth. Caroline was tired but she had found that the
kind of dancing that gin was teaching her had made her horny. As Tim's' tongue
went into her mouth she grabbed him and started to return his kiss with a hungry
need.

"Fuck me you bastard."

She hissed at him before she got out of the car. She walked around to the bonnet
of the car and after hitching up the hem of the dress she leant over it sticking
her bare arse and pussy into the air. She looked at him through the windscreen
longing for him to get out of the car. Tim meanwhile was sitting there still in
shock. What had happened, he wondered?  Caroline had suddenly turned into a
raving nymph after just one lesson with gin. But then thinking of his
experiences with gin he knew that that was no surprise. He remembered the first
time that he had set eyes upon her. And then just as he was doing to Caroline he
had managed to set gin up and ensnare her for his own pleasure. She was 34 yrs
old and still a real hotty. She was 5ft tall with lovely dark auburn hair. Her
black eyes were like pools you could easily drown in and her tits were to die
for. For someone her height it was surprising to find that she had 38dd sized
breasts.





It had been obvious that she was self concious of her body and her tits
especially, so he had delighted in making her get her tits out for strangers and
then finally making her work in this club. That had been 6 yrs ago and even
though Tim had destroyed all of the material that he had used against her she
still obeyed and helped him out to ensnare a new girl to toy with. However if
all went well this would be the last girl he would toy with for he intended to
keep Caroline as his own for good. Seeing Caroline still across the bonnet
looking at him with lust burning in her eyes Tim felt that this truly was the
girl for him. As his cock sank into her sopping pussy and he heard her sigh he
truly felt that this was the girl for him and he intended to win her for
himself.



End Of Chapter Three




Blackmailed Housewife

Chapter Four

By John Wade



The weekend came partly as a relief and an annoyance for Caroline. With her
feelings changing towards her tormentor she was happy to get as much distance
between them whilst at the same time part of her wanted to be near him.  But
despite her turmoil she was still able to have a lovely weekend with John. With
the sun out they were able to go out for long walks and have a picnic by the
river. Each night they lay in each other's arms in bed and made love. They were
like two lovers who haven't seen each other for weeks. But all too soon the
weekend came to an end and once again Caroline found herself getting ready to
meet Tim for a new week of torment. As always she had a shower making sure to re
shave her pussy and the rest of her body. After she had dried herself she went
and made herself a cup of tea and sat at the table waiting for Tim to arrive.
Even though she expected it when the doorbell went it made her jump and on
unsteady legs she went to the door. Cautiously this time she made sure that her
nudity was concealed by the door and found Tim standing there. She let him in
and followed him straight into the bedroom where he turned and grabbed her to
him and kissed her deeply. She found herself melting against him and returning
the kiss she knew that it was so wrong and yet it felt so right. She moaned as
his hands ran up and down her body and then over her breasts. As his fingers
found her hardening nipples she grabbed him to her as hard as she could and
ground her groin against his bulging cock. She grabbed one of his hands from her
hardened nipples and dragged it down between her thighs to her dripping pussy.
She cried out as his fingers sought and found her clitoris and they began to
tease it from its hood.

"Yeeeeeeeeeessssssss that's it right there."

Caroline hissed as his fingers began to flick her clit. She dragged him down on
top of her as she fell back upon the bed spreading her legs for him. She grabbed
his head and pushed it downwards so that his face was against her breasts. As
his mouth sought a nipple she thrust her chest upwards to aid him and she began
to moan as his tongue began to swirl around her nipples and his fingers kept
moving across her clit. For what seemed an age she lay there lost in a sea of
lust and pre orgasmic delight until she could stand it no longer.

"Please get your cock inside me now. I need to feel you inside me."

Tim had been waiting for this moment. As he got up from on top of her Caroline
cried out in frustration and made a grab for his cock but he was too fast for
her and managed to get out of the way of her hand. He then stripped himself
slowly before her watching her as she flicked her clit with one of her hands. He
saw the desire in her face and eyes and knew that she was falling for him
despite her strong love for John. He wondered if her feelings for him matched
his for her? And also would her feelings grow to be strong enough to eventually
want to leave John for him?

Caroline lay there watching him strip slowly. Her lust and need for a cock
inside her threatened to drive her out of her mind and she felt like getting up
from the bed and just ripping what clothes he had left on his body and throwing
him to the bed. She couldn't understand her feelings for this man after all the
things that he had made her do and would make her do in the future.











She moaned as her orgasm drew nearer due to her lust for him and the fingers she
was using upon herself. She longed to beg him and scream at him. But knew that
that would only please him and make him torment her still further so she gritted
her teeth and hoped that it wouldn't be much longer before he finally got on top
of her and shoved that magnificent cock of his into her dripping hot pussy.

Later on Tim lay upon her feeling her chest rise and fall beneath his head. He
had been shocked and had found himself losing control of the situation as she
had began to control and demand of him what she wanted. Finally he had had to
tie her to the bed so that he could finally thrust into her and make her submit
to him. He had teased her ruthlessly once he had had her bound and had in the
end had to gag her with a pair of panties for fear of the neighbours coming to
investigate what was going on. As a nice touch he had run the panties threw her
dripping snatch until they were soaked with her juices. He had loved the look of
longing and pain that was in her eyes as he had run his hands over her body but
never touching her breasts or pussy. He knew that she had hurt her wrists
terribly fighting the ropes that held her to the bed but at the time he had been
lost in the haze of his own need for pleasure. Over and over again he had made
circle after circle upon her skin always hinting that he would touch her where
she wanted him to touch her. As he had finally run his hands onto her breasts
she was almost out of her mind and came almost immediately the moment his
fingers touched and began to play with her nipples. He had almost been thrown
from the bed as she had almost taken flight. If it hadn't been for her bonds he
was convinced that she would have been airborne. She had screamed again and
again as he had pounded his cock in and out of her. She had thrashed about so
much he had thought that she was having some kind of fit. He looked into her
face which had such a calm and serene look now as she slept still bound to the
bed. He then decided to see how much damage she had done to her wrists and
ankles so as gently as he could he untied her wrists. Caroline moaned in her
sleep but she didn't seem to awaken so Tim carried on unbinding her. As the
first rope came away he drew in his breath and muttered an expletive seeing how
red raw it was. He found the same with her other wrist and ankles. He began to
think that this time the game was up for the both of them for there was no way
that she could hide these wounds from John. As gently as he could he got off of
her and went and got her dressing gown from the hook on the door and then put it
on her. He was surprised that she didn't seem to awake or even know that he was
doing anything to her. He then packed a bag of her clothes and took the bag out
to his car. He then backed the car to the bottom of the steps outside the flat
and went back into the flat and into the bedroom. He found Caroline's eyes open
and she was looking down at her robe with a confused look on her face. She was
also beginning to look at her sore wrists and ankles. As she saw him re enter
the room she looked up at him with tears forming in her eyes.

"How am I going to explain these to John? When he sees them I'm going to have to
tell him everything and that will be the end of us. You promised me that he
would never find out if I did what you wanted."

Tim looked into her face seeing it crumpled up with despair and felt his heart
leap. He felt jealous of what John had and it looked like he never could have.
He knew then that though she felt a love for him it would never be as strong as
the one she had for John.

"Listen your going to come stay with me for a week."

He held up his hand as her mouth opened to protest.





"Hear me out Hun. Phone John and say that you have had to go see your mother or
sister even due to being ill. That way you can have some time for your wrists
and ankles to heal. And he won't know a thing."

He saw Caroline thinking about it for a bit and then with a sigh she reached for
the phone behind her and made the call. Both Tim and Caroline had felt a wave of
panic go through them when John had said that he was on his way home to go with
her but in the end she was able to put him off much to their relief. Then very
gently Tim had picked her up and carried her out to the car in just her gown and
lay her on the back seat of his car. He then went and recovered her blanket and
put it over her and then locked the door of the flat and set off for his home.
Caroline lay there still too exhausted due to the amount of orgasms he had made
her endure wincing each time the blanket or robe caught her raw wrists and
ankles. When they finally arrived at Tim's home he drove straight into the
garage and shut the doors behind the car before getting Caroline out and
carrying her inside. He went straight up to the bedroom and lay her down upon
the bed and then went and ran a bath for her. He made sure that he put lots of
soothing bubbles into the water and then went back for her. She moaned and had
to bite her upper lip due to the pain from her wrists and ankles as they entered
the embrace of the water. She lay there in the bath letting Tim wash her body
and gently soothed her wounds. She wondered how John would cope without her for
a week and she also felt a pang of guilt at the thought of spending a week in
another man's home and in his arms and bed. Tim meanwhile was loving having her
here. It was something that he had long dreamed and now he had her to himself
for a full week at least.

Later after she was dry he again lay her this time nude in the bed. He then put
some antiseptic cream on her wounds and wrapped bandages around them to try and
stop her itching them and making them worse. Then after kissing her lightly on
the forehead he left her to sleep whilst he made dinner. They lay in bed
together eating it watching TV. They both seemed happy to just lie there without
saying a word as they eat. Then after dinner Caroline snuggled against him and
Tim put his arm around her. This felt so right they were both thinking and yet
for Caroline the spectre of John was always there and she knew that however much
she loved this man it would never be as strong as the love she had for John. She
lay there watching television until she finally fell to sleep still wrapped in
Tim's arms.

The next morning Caroline awoke to find herself alone in the bed. To begin with
she couldn't figure out where she was for the surroundings were different to the
ones she was used to waking up to find. Then her wrists and ankles began to
throb and she remembered where she was. She swung her legs out of bed and
recovered her robe and went into the bathroom and used the toilet before going
downstairs, She followed the sounds of crockery chinking together and the smells
of bacon being cooked and found herself in the kitchen.

"Morning Tim"

Said Caroline. She watched as Tim jumped at the sound of her voice. When he
turned to her she could tell from the look on his face that he was surprised to
see her standing there.

"I didn't think you would be awake by now."

He said.









"As you can see I'm making breakfast for us both so why don't you take a seat
and pour yourself a cup of tea there's a pot on the table."

Caroline slipped into a seat and poured herself a cup of tea and gently sipped
at it watching Tim dash around dishing up the bacon, eggs, sausage and toast
that he had been cooking for both of them. As he put the plate in front of her
Caroline felt her mouth fill with saliva and she realised how hungry she was.

"I want you to come to the office with me today."

Said Tim suddenly.

"But I can't John will see me and know that I lied to him."

Said Caroline obvious fear in her voice.

"No he won't we will be in the office long before he will be and you will be
hidden in my office out of sight so to speak."

Replied Tim confidence in his voice. He knew that today was going to be a risk
but if it came off he should have a lot of fun and who knew she might enjoy
herself to. Caroline could tell that she had little choice but go with him so
reluctantly agreed. Straight after she had finished eating Tim inspected her
wrists and ankles. He noted that they were looking a little better but he still
thought that they should be re- wrapped in fresh bandages. When he had finished
his inspection he directed her to go and get washed and to make sure that her
pussy was freshly shaved for him. She did as she was told wincing at the sight
of her wrists and then as the water hit them. When she entered the bedroom she
wasn't surprised to find her outfit for the day laid out on the bed for her. Tim
had left her a white blouse; black bra, which she knew, would show through the
blouse. Her tight grey skirt and her new high heels were also laid out for her
and she was surprised to see a pair of white thongs with a butterfly motif on
them among the items that Tim had laid out for her. She quickly dried herself
and got dressed and made her way downstairs. It was an odd feeling wearing
panties for the first time in a week. Tim saw her enter the room and felt the
breath almost knocked from his body. The outfit hugged her in all the right
places and the black bra showed nicely through the blouse as he had intended.
The bra was see through, as well so it wasn't difficult to make out her hard
nipples. The heels emphasised her legs and made her a lot taller then she was.
Yes she was truly beautiful and he mourned the fact that John had found her
before he did. Caroline saw Tim's adams apple bobbing up and down so guessed
that once again he was overcome by her looks. She felt a wave of pleasure go
through her and she felt her pussy beginning to grow wet as she realised what
power she held over this man. John was always telling her how beautiful she was
but she never had believed him or had always pretended to him that she didn't.
It was a joke between them that she was forever fishing for compliments. Seeing
him struggling to regain some control made her laugh out loud at him and she saw
the anger flash through his eyes at her. But instead of fear she felt another
thrill go through her at the thought of what he would like to do to her. Still
without the power of speech Tim patted the sofa and Caroline dutifully sat down.
Tim got the fresh bandages and antiseptic and went to work on her wrists and
ankles. He tried to be as gentle as he could but Caroline still winced and had
to fight back screams as the antiseptic sent to work for it felt like it was
burning her. Then he wrapped the bandages around each wrist and ankle and then
put the first aid box away leaving Caroline sitting there.









He saw how she was trying to fight back tears as he returned to her and so he
sat beside her and pulled her to him and cuddled and whispered comforting words
to her. He hugged her for a while but then forcefully he made her pull herself
together and led her out into the garage and got her settled into the car. He
then went and opened the doors and then after locking up the house he got into
the car and began to drive them to the office. After a while Tim saw her
relaxing and settle back down again so he went back to concentrating on his
driving.

Caroline was more then happy to just sit there and watch the world going by
wondering what new torment he had in store? She was also worried that despite
his assurances to the contrary, John would find her and the cat would be out of
the bag. She wondered how he was coping without her and she was also worried
that one of her family might phone him asking for her and she wondered what
excuse she could give as to where she really had been? But then that was
assuming that John would want to listen to her and hadn't just thrown her out of
the flat and out of his life for ever. Fear began to course through her body as
Tim drove the car into the car park hoping that either John or one of his
colleagues would see her. It was bad enough that she was here when she was
supposedly elsewhere let alone being in the company of Tim. That and the
bandages surrounding her ankles and wrists would surely have tongue's wagging.
But Tim had timed it right and there was no one else around and in no time she
was safely hiding in Tim's office. Despite the fact the office door was closed
and locked she still feared the door opening and finding John standing there
with anger in his eyes demanding to know what she thought she was up to. But he
didn't and the sound of the other workers began to filter through the door as
they entered the office and began to take their seats behind their desks ready
to start a new day. Caroline was just about to ask Tim why she was here when he
said,

"Strip off your clothes Caroline."

She was shocked by the order and her fear increased wondering what he was going
to do to her knowing that other people were just the other side of the door and
if they heard any suspicious noises they would surely come and investigate. She
looked at him with a plea in her eyes but the look he returned hers with told
her that he was serious so quickly she began to shed her clothes. As soon as she
was naked he told her to hang them in the closet and then to stand before him.
As quickly as she could Caroline obeyed him and stood before him as directed
wondering how he would explain why she was standing nude in his office. For the
next five minutes or so Tim amused himself by getting her to pose for him in
different positions. He noted how her eyes kept darting to the door and guessed
what was running through her mind. Finally though Tim knew that the time for the
morning meeting was getting close and that therefore he needed to get Caroline
secreted away out of sight. He stood up from his desk and went over to the door
that led into the conference room and made sure that there was no one in there
already. To his relief there wasn't so he beckoned Caroline over to him. He then
took her hand and led her into the room. As they stepped into it they heard
voices he felt Caroline trying to pull her hand from his. She wanted to run back
into the office but he held onto her tightly and dragged her over to the top of
the podium at the head of the conference room. He pulled back the curtain and
pushed Caroline inside and pulled the curtain closed behind her. She hunched
inside the podium frightened as she heard the door open and then the voices got
louder and she heard the scraping of chairs as everyone took their places around
the table for the meeting. After a while she heard Tim calling for quiet and
then to her fright Tim asked John to go up to the podium to give the morning
presentation.



She hardly dared breath as John stood before the podium and began to speak. She
heard the clicking of a slide projector every now and again. After a while she
felt her legs beginning to grow painful from the scrunched up position that she
had to stay in to keep out of sight. This was the worst torment that Tim had put
her through so far being so close to being found out by John. All it would take
would be one sneeze and that would be that. What was worse would be that it
would happen before John's colleagues and that would be the ultimate
humiliation. Finally though to her relief the presentation ended and after a few
questions she heard Tim call an end to the meeting. As the chairs began to scrap
and the door was opened she heard Tim walk over to the podium and speak with
John. Her fright increased when she heard Tim ask John how she was.  She heard
John tell Tim that she was out of town for a while due to her sister being ill.
Tim commiserated the fact that she wasn't around and then guided John out of the
room. Caroline huddled there fighting back tears as she began to think that Tim
had forgotten that she was here. She didn't know how long that she had to stay
there before she finally heard the sound of someone walking towards the podium.
She feared that it was John coming back to get something that he had forgotten.
She had to stifle a scream as the curtain was suddenly opened. She sat there
huddled trying to conceal her nakedness waiting for her eyes to adjust to the
light after being in the dark for so long. As she saw hands reaching in to her
she tried to shrink further into the podium fearing that they were the hands of
John or someone other then Tim. But then her vision returned along with the
soothing voice of Tim. As quickly as he could he got her out of there and back
into the office and locked the door behind them. He then began to rub her legs
trying to get some circulation back into them. He then dried her tears and sat
her behind his desk and showed her the sandwiches that he had got for her.
Caroline was shocked to discover that he had left her there all morning and it
was now lunch -time.

"I'm sorry hun this was the first opportunity to come and get you out of there I
have had people in and out of my office all morning."

He explained as he poured her some tea as well as a cup for himself. They then
sat in silence as they ate their sandwiches and drank their tea. When they had
finished their food Tim wrapped her coat around her and quickly took her out of
his office to the ladies toilet and just as quickly got her back inside. Once
back inside he took the bandages off of her wrists and ankles and again treated
them and then put new dressings on them. He was satisfied to see that the wounds
were looking much better and to his relief it didn't look like they would leave
any scars. Again Caroline found herself standing naked before him as he sat
behind his desk looking at her, as she had to take up the poses that he directed
her to take. He then amused himself taking Polaroid pictures of her in the
poses. After a while he had her sitting behind his desk pretending to be a
secretary even though she was nude. Then he had her lay upon the desk or crouch
upon it in her high heels. All too soon though both of them heard the sounds of
the workers returning to work so Tim put his camera away. He then sat Caroline
at the other desk that was in his office and spent the next hour making her type
some of the letters that he needed to have done by the end of today. By the time
that the letters were done it was almost time for the afternoon meeting so again
Caroline found herself in the conference room secreted in the podium. The
difference this time however was that Tim was going to be holding this meeting
and so would be behind the podium.







He directed her that during the meeting that she had to give him a blowjob. She
was horrified by his request but knowing how close that John was and how easy it
would be for Tim to reveal all of what she had been up to including the pictures
that he had just taken in his office that John wouldn't listen to her pleas. So
as soon as the meeting began she took out Tim's cock and began to run her tongue
over the tip of it before putting the head of it inside her mouth. She tasted
his salty pre cum as she began to take his cock deep into her throat and then
she began to bob her head up and down upon his cock. She listened surprised at
how calm he sounded despite what she was doing. She amused herself therefore
with running her teeth along the length of his shaft and was pleased to here his
voice go a little high pitched. After that she amused herself every now and
again by suddenly running her teeth along his cock and she heard some of the
people at the meeting sniggering and asking him if he was alright. One of the
women even said jokingly that anyone would think that Tim was getting a blow job
and she felt Tim stiffen as did she as they both wondered if she had seen
anything. After that Caroline stopped dragging her teeth along his cock and
concentrated on making him cum and was soon rewarded as she felt his cock begin
to spasm and then shoot it's warm salty load into her throat. She had to fight
back the urge to moan as again and again his cock shot his load and she kept her
head moving up and down the length of his cock milking it of all of the cum he
had. Again she was surprised how controlled Tim was as he continued the meeting
as if nothing was out of the ordinary. When she judged that Tim was spent she
then used her tongue to clean his cock and then as gently as possible she put it
back inside his trousers and quietly pulled the zip back up. Finished with her
task Caroline then settled down to wait for the meeting to finish.

Tim had been in heaven for the whole meeting as Caroline had blown him off with
her husband only a few steps away. He wondered if John had fantasised about her
doing that to him as he had been doing his presentation this morning? It had
been a frightening moment when June had jokingly asked him if he was getting a
blowjob for she had made to stand up and come over to see for herself. But to
his relief she had sat down again. He had felt the sweat pouring off of him and
he hoped that the others would put it down to how warm it was in the room. He
had had to grit his teeth a few times as Caroline had teased his cock with her
teeth and then as his orgasm had approached. He had almost swooned as he felt
his cock begin to pump his cum into her throat. Feeling her throat constrict
about his cock as she tried to swallow all of his load. Then finally the meeting
came to an end and it also meant the end of another day. As soon as the office
was deserted he went and got Caroline out from her hiding place in the podium.
As she stood before him he saw some of his cum had dripped from her chin onto
her tits and strands of it hung from her nipples like strands of a spiders web.
She suddenly giggled and said that she hoped that he had liked his blow job. The
anger suddenly rose within him from nowhere and he slapped her face. She cried
out and held a hand to her cheek and looked at him with tears forming in her
eyes.

"That's for trying to be clever bitch!"

Tim said. You almost gave the game away. But as fast as his anger had risen it
left him as he looked into her eyes that looked at him with such a hurt
expression that he felt himself falling into them. He grabbed her and despite
the cum that covered her tits he drew her to him and hugged and kissed her and
apologised.







At first she had been all for leaving him and going home and sod what John would
ask her when he saw her bruised cheek and bandaged wrists and ankles and he
feared that he had ruined everything. But then after a while he was able to get
her to calm down and he was able to lead her out of the conference room and into
the toilets where he cleaned his cum off of her. Then he led her back to his
office and helped her dress and then he fixed her make up so that the bruise
upon her cheek was hidden. After locking up the office they went back out to the
car park and got back into Tim's car. He had decided that he was going to take
her out for a meal. He knew a quite country pub that also had rooms so he hoped
that after their meal he would be able to find a room. Caroline didn't say a
word to him or even look at him. He guessed that despite the fact that he had
apologised to her she still hated him for that out burst. They soon reached
their destination and he led Caroline inside the pub and found them a table and
left her sitting there as he went and got them a drink and arranged a table for
dinner. He also inquired about the possibility of a room and to his relief he
discovered that the bridal sweet was free. He paid for the room as he paid for
the drinks and accepted the key. He then returned to the table and found
Caroline sitting there still. He explained that he had managed to arrange a
table for dinner but he didn't mention the room yet.  They were called to their
table just after they had started drinking their second of the evening. They
followed the waitress to a table by the window that looked out upon the river
and as they waited for their orders they watched the boats and the ducks and
swans floating by. She still hadn't said a word to him but then as the first
course came at last she finally began to speak.

"I'm sorry for what I did but what you did was worse."

She said with obvious steel in her voice. He looked into her face and again felt
himself being drawn into her eyes.

"I'm sorry hun I really am haven't I apologised enough already?"

She seemed to think about this for a while then after a quick touch of her cheek
she nodded and then she began to eat. Tim did the same and for the rest of the
meal they exchanged small talk.

"Have I got a dance lesson with gin tomorrow?"

Caroline suddenly asked. Tim started as he suddenly realised that indeed she
did. Therefore as quick as they could they finished their meals knowing that
Caroline needed an early night so that she would have energy for the morrow. He
knew that gin was really working her hard and already she was looking the better
for it. After Tim had settled the bill Caroline began to make her way towards
the door that led out to the car park and it was then that Tim revealed to her
that he had a room arranged for them. They went up and he opened the door. He
stood back so that Caroline could enter first and he heard her gasp and exclaim
about how lovely the room was. He entered it noting the wooden beams that lined
the ceiling. He saw that the windows offered a panoramic view of the river and
surrounding countryside. But he saw that it wasn't any of these that had caught
Caroline's eye. It was in fact the large four poster bed. It had curtains
hanging from each post so that the occupants could be shielded from the rest of
the room. He stood there in the doorway wondering what it would be like to have
her here as his bride? He could almost see her in a white gown her veil flowing
behind her as she walked around the bed as she was now. He could see the joy on
her face as like a child she swung round one of the posts before giggling she
fell on her back upon the bed. She flung her arms above her head and bent her
head back so that she could see him.





"Hey why are you standing upside down?"

Asked Caroline giggling. Seeing him standing there almost frozen to the spot
made her giggle again and then he saw a wicked grin grow as she began to reach
for the buttons of her shirt. Ever so slowly she began to open them just the way
that gin had taught her to. She hinted at opening her blouse once the buttons
were all undone and then suddenly she did. She then stood up and came round to
the post closest to him. She began to gyrate against the pole as if it was a
lover rubbing her breasts that were still encased in her bra. Then she slipped
the blouse slowly off of each shoulder and then down each arm and let it fall to
the floor. She kicked it away from her before her hands went to her bra. She
unclipped the clasp behind her and then held the bra to her body still moving
her body sensually to music only she could hear. Slowly she brushed each bra
strap from her shoulders still keeping the bra clasped to her so that it covered
her breasts. She leant forward still moving and running her tongue over her lips
and then she whipped the bra from her and threw it to Tim who struggled to
regain control to be able to catch it. Seeing his discomfort made her laugh
again but she didn't stop her dance. The skirt was next and just as expertly she
was able to remove it hardly breaking her rhythm and it to was kicked across the
room to join her blouse. Now in just her panties she again grabbed onto the post
and ran her body up and down it. First slowly then faster and faster as if it
was a lover she was holding onto. Tim had had to sit down by now on a nearby
chair for his legs felt like they were made of jelly as he watched Caroline
dance for him. He felt his cock growing so hard that it strained against his
trousers and after a while it began to hurt so he had to release it. Seeing it
Caroline left the post and walked over to him. Instinctively he reached out his
hands for her but she gently pushed them down beside him. She then placed her
hands on his shoulders and used them to steady her as she danced for him close
up. She wiggled her breasts in his face and when he poked his tongue out to lick
them she pulled them away and wagged her finger at him and shook her head. Then
after a while she began to slip the panties down off of her hips and by cleverly
moving her hips and legs she was able to make them travel down her legs and then
eventually down about her ankles. Carefully she stepped out of one leg and then
flicked them off of the other so that they joined the other pile of clothes.
Naked now but for her shoes she danced and rubbed her breasts and pussy against
his face driving him almost mad with longing for her. Then one of her hands took
hold of his cock and placed it at the entrance of her pussy. He tried to push it
inside her but she firmly gripped it and stopped him. He couldn't believe how in
control she was and how much he seemed to like it. She began to move her hips in
circular motions so that the tip of his cock was rubbing the entrance to her
pussy and her clit. For what seemed an age she taunted him like this before
finally letting him enter her. But still she wouldn't let him move his hips. She
kept up her circular motions as she slowly fucked herself with his cock. Finally
she let him suck in a nipple and she sighed as he did so and began to speed up
her motions. Her hands were still upon his shoulders and he could feel that she
was putting more and more of her weight on them as her excitement grew. He
listened to her sighs and he could feel her chest heaving to get much needed
oxygen as her orgasm neared. Then finally she let out a loud moan and he could
feel her juices beginning to coat his cock as she came. She kept her rhythmic
motion however trying to aid his cum and make her cum again and again. She cried
out as he began to move his hips unable to hold back any more. He matched her
rhythm and then decided to make one of his own and soon he had regained the
upper hand.





Her gasps and his moans filled the room as they fucked each other for all they
were worth until finally Caroline felt his cock beginning to spasm inside her
just before the first jet of his warm sticky cum hit her insides. She gripped
his cock with her vaginal muscles and milked him for every drop he had.

Tim was sitting up in bed looking down at the sleeping form beside him. Idly he
was running his hands over her body but she was so tired that she hardly stirred
as he did so. The only light that was in the room was the moonlight that
streamed through the windows for they hadn't bothered to draw the curtains. He
wondered what he was going to do seeing the feelings that he had for this girl
for today he had found out that he was going to have to leave her soon for he
was being sent to another office. He didn't think that despite the feelings that
she obviously now had for him that she would want to leave John and go with him.
He wondered what she would do after he had left her? Would she pine after him or
would she find another man who could dominate her? Maybe she would even ask John
to do it. But he knew that he couldn't tell her yet that he had to leave she was
too happy right now. He leant down and kissed her and he saw a smile cross her
lips as he said, "Good night my little one."



End of Chapter Four




Blackmailed Housewife
Chapter Five

"Just look at the state of her!" Screamed gin pointing at Caroline who was
standing nude upon the stage. "How can she dance in that state you tell me that
you stupid fuck!" Tim Caroline could see was fast losing it and she quickly
stepped between them. "That's enough the pair of you!" Caroline screamed at
them. She tore off the bandages and showed gin the wounds. "See they are almost
healed and the night I dance for real is still a fortnight away and they will
have healed by then right?" gin and Tim stood there staring at her as if seeing
her for the first time. "These ones might but if he won't stop his little games
then the next ones won't be and I won't be able to think about sending you out
before the punters with bandages on your wrists and ankles." Tim took a deep
breath and then agreed not to tie her up or if he did to be very careful as to
what he used. "Now then love if you would excuse us we have some work to do see
you back here in two hours ok?" Said gin. Tim chuckled after what I saw last
night I don't think that there's much more you can teach her." Gin studied them
both noting the sheepish grin on Caroline's face, which was fast going crimson.
"Oh having a little practice were we dear," gin chuckled. Caroline kept her eyes
down cast and nodded not trusting her voice. Gin laughed before saying "theirs
nothing to be ashamed of hun it's good to practice on someone before the big
day." Caroline felt relief flood through her for she thought that gin might be
disappointed or angry that she had danced for Tim before she had finished her
training. She had felt so good last night and had loved being in control driving
Tim mad with lust. Gin had told her that in this job you could feel such power
and until last night she hadn't believed it. Now she couldn't wait to try it for
real. With a final wave Tim left the club.

For the first hour gin had her going through the routine that she had used on
Tim. She had been pleased at how surprised gin seemed to be as to how fast she
was coming on so far. "I can see what Tim meant about there not being much more
that I can teach you but there are still a few more tricks that you don't know
yet." Ok then lets go over how to use the pole seeing that you have got the hang
of the lap dancing side of things but that doesn't mean that you stop practising
either on Tim or by yourself!"

With that gin walked over to the DJ's booth and put on some music and walked
over and onto the stage. She told Caroline to take a seat which she did so and
then watched gin go through her pole dancing routine. As she watched Caroline
found herself studying gin's body. She was 5ft with dark auburn hair. Caroline
loved looking into gin's black eyes that resembled two black pools. Like herself
gin shaved her pussy Caroline noted as gin stripped off her panties. She watched
as gin shook her 38 DD breasts at her as if Caroline was one of the paying
customers. Caroline began to wonder what it would feel like to lie with gin and
explore her body? She looked at gin's breasts and felt the urge to get up and
walk over to her and touch them but she stayed in her seat too scared of gin's
reaction. Finally the song ended and gin beckoned Caroline onto the stage and
began to show her how to slide down the pole using only her thighs to hold on.
The first few times that Caroline did it she screamed out in pain and it was
only the quick reflexes of gin that saved her from crashing to the floor on to
her head. Each time that Caroline found herself in gins arms she felt the all
too familiar stirrings of lust coming from her pussy. She tried it again only
with the same result the only difference was that this time gin didn't release
her but held her looking down at her. Caroline felt her heart beating faster and
harder until she felt that it would burst out of her chest as she saw the look
of lust in gin's eyes.

Caroline reached one of her hands up to gins' face and cupped her chin as she
kissed her on the lips. Then their hands were exploring each other as their
tongues hungrily searched each other's out. Gin suddenly lightly pushed Caroline
away from her. She saw the confused look and the hurt in her eyes. "Not here
love anyone could walk in." gin said indicating the door. "And besides the two
hours are just about up and Tim will be coming for you." "But I need you, to
feel you," moaned Caroline as she reached out for gin again. Gin stepped back
out of Caroline's reach. As it turned out not a moment too soon for the door
opened and in walked Tim. He saw how the two girls were standing there looking
awkwardly at each other and him. He could also see that Caroline's face was
flushed and he wondered what he had disturbed?

Caroline quickly excused herself and picked up her clothes and went into the
ladies to clean herself up. She stood before the mirror telling herself what a
fool she had been. She couldn't understand why she found herself being attracted
to gin after all she hardly knew her and yet there was something about her that
appealed. She half expected gin to come in after her but to her disappointment
she didn't. She fixed her make up and then put her clothes back on and after a
few deep breaths she stepped back out into the club.

She found Tim and gin sitting at one of the tables talking and giggling. A pang
of anger went through her as the thought that gin might have told Tim what had
happened and that they were now laughing at her expense. The thought was
reinforced for when they saw her coming they both stopped talking. But as
quickly as her anger appeared it evaporated when gin explained that Tim had been
called into the office so gin was going to stay at Tim's tonight to keep her
company. As gin said it she gave her a wink and a smile and Caroline felt her
heart beginning to beat faster again. She had to fight down her excitement
fearing that if Tim found out what they would be doing while he was out he might
change his mind and insist that Caroline go with him to the office again.
Fortunately Tim didn't seem to have noticed anything and so they quickly walked
outside to where Tim's car was parked. Both girls got into the back and spent
the journey laughing and giggling like a pair of schoolgirls. Tim noticed this
change between them and guessed the kind of evening they had planned wouldn't be
a restful one in front of the TV. The girls tried to remain calm and casual
hoping that Tim wouldn't see the looks they were giving each other and that they
were touching each other as they walked by each other. But Tim didn't miss any
of it but he managed to remain discreet for fear that they might change their
minds. He had already set the hidden cameras up ready to catch all of the action
so that he could watch it later when he returned. It would be another thing to
hold over Caroline and he might even be able to snare gin back into his grip. He
wanted revenge for how she had managed to turn the tables on him last time.

To the relief of the girls Tim finally said that he had to leave for the office.
They came with him to the garage and waved him off and then with him out of
sight they quickly went back inside the house. Caroline was the first through
the door and was beginning to walk towards the front room again when gin grabbed
her arm and pulled her into her arms. Before Caroline knew what was happening
gin's mouth was pressed against her own and gins tongue was running over her
lips before it delved into her mouth. Their arms reached for each other's
clothes and they began to undo buttons and zips stripping each other off in
between kisses. They dragged each other's clothes off and threw them out of the
way and then embraced each other their hands exploring each other's bodies.

Their sighs filled the kitchen as they reached for each other's breasts and
teased and pulled their nipples. Gin didn't say anything for a second then
grabbed Caroline and dragged her from the table. Caroline found herself turned
round and bent over the table before she had time to register what was
happening. She cried out as the hand struck her bottom. She turned her head but
gin ordered her to face front before continuing to spank her. Having to face
front Caroline discovered made the spanking more painful for without being able
to see what was going on her other senses were heightened. Again and again the
hand was bought down on Caroline's defenceless bottom until gin's hand was too
sore to continue. After directing Caroline to remain in position gin went and
searched in a draw until she found a wooden spoon. Caroline meanwhile hearing
gin rattling around in the draws wondered what gin was up to she was also
finding that the spanking and the thoughts going through her head as she
imagined what gin might do to her was making her wet. Finally the rattling
stopped and Caroline heard the drawer being closed and then she heard gins soft
footfalls returning towards her. Caroline longed to turn round and see what it
was gin had been looking for and was obviously planning to use upon her already
sore bottom but she feared that to do so might mean further punishment so she
stayed looking straight ahead. The anticipation and excitement of what was to
come made her quiver and her juices to flow faster. What was happening to her
she wondered? She shouldn't be getting this excited of the thought of having
pain inflicted upon her and yet her pussy was becoming wetter by the second.

The sound of gin's voice startled her and she jumped as if gin had struck her,
"I know that I told Tim that you shouldn't be marked but you need to be taught a
lesson girl." And with that she again set about Caroline's bottom only this time
with a wooden spoon. Caroline didn't have the chance to ask why she needed to be
taught a lesson before the spoon began to strike her. Even if she had asked gin
wouldn't have been able to explain she just suddenly felt an inexplicable urge
to punish and hurt this girl. Again and again the spoon struck her bottom and
thighs making her scream and dance about as she tried to relieve the pain from
her where the spoon had struck her. The heightened senses made sure that she
could feel the heat and the sting from each hit upon her arse and to Caroline it
felt like it was on fire and that it must surely be glowing brightly enough to
light the room.  Tears streamed down Caroline's face and pooled upon the table
as gin mercilessly set about her bottom and thighs. The she let out a loud
piercing scream as the spoon was bought up sharply between her legs to strike
her pussy. Gin let her dance around for a bit until she was back into position
before again bringing the spoon up against Caroline's pussy. Gin used the spoon
a total of six times upon Caroline's pussy making sure that the last two were as
hard as she could making Caroline scream and dance even louder.  Caroline's body
shook as she sobbed from the pain from her pussy and arse. She hoped that gin
had had her fill of punishing her so was horrified when gin ordered her to get
on the table upon her back. Once she was in position gin ordered her to "stick
her tits up" "No please not my tits as well! Haven't you done enough to me?"
Pleaded Caroline. SMACK the spoon came whistling down upon Caroline's left tit.
Caroline cried out and tried to get off the table but gin forced her back down
on to it. New tears were flowing from Caroline's eyes as she looked at her left
breast noting the red imprint of the spoon head where the spoon had struck her.
SMACK the spoon struck the hand that cupped her breast causing Caroline to
scream and shake her hand trying to lessen the sting in her fingers.

With her hand out of the way the spoon began to strike her breasts again and
again it went on for what seemed an age. As the spoon hit her nipples the tears
flowed faster and she screamed all the louder.  The loudness of her screams made
gin stop for fear of the neighbours coming round to investigate. She looked
around the kitchen for something to gag Caroline with and her eyes fixed upon
the wash cloth. Without thinking Caroline stood up and looked down at her
nipples and experimentally began to touch them making sure that there was no
damage during the lull. Her thoughts were to run from the house back home but
then the thought struck her that if she did that then either Tim or gin would
come round with the pictures and it would be all over. Too late she saw the
spoon streaking towards her hands, she cried out as the spoon struck her fingers
allowing gin to push the cloth into her open mouth. Without thinking about her
battered breasts, Caroline put her hands behind her for fear of the spoon
hitting them again. Satisfied that Caroline was sufficiently gagged Gin worked
the spoon all over Caroline's breasts until not an inch was left untouched.
Caroline miserably lay there with her breasts stuck out for the spoon knowing
that it was useless to try and resist screaming into the cloth that was stuffed
into her mouth until the spoon thankfully stopped.

Caroline blinked away the tears and looked down her body horrified at the sight
of her breasts that were red and welted. They felt as if they were on fire and
she moaned as gin cruelly began to run her hands over them. And yet despite the
pain Caroline was feeling the stirrings of pleasure building. Soon her moans of
pain had turned to ones of lust. As gin continued to run her hands over her
breasts setting fire to them again and again Caroline began to wiggle her hips
and rub her legs together. As her need rose higher and higher she began to beg
gin for release through her gag. Gin had wanted to see what was special about
this girl that seemed to have captured Tim's heart. And now seeing how she
reacted to punishment she could see all too clearly what it was that attracted
him to her. At first she had seen the pain etched on Caroline's face and in her
eyes as she ran her hands over her breasts. Then as she watched Caroline's face
intently she had been shocked to see the pain turn to lust and the smell of her
excitement was assailing her nostrils. Knowing what was so special about
Caroline made her feel worse for she was even more convinced that she would
never be able to convince Tim to take her back now. Not with Caroline around
anyway that thought made her own tears begin to flow. Caroline hearing the sound
of gin's sobs looked between the valley of her breasts. She wondered what had
distressed gin so much so suddenly? After the display of cruelty Caroline
doubted that it was now remorse that gin was feeling. Despite the pain that gin
had just inflicted on her Caroline found herself wanting to comfort gin so
fighting the pain in her chest she sat up and pulled gin into her arms cringing
as gin's body came into contact with her welted breasts. Caroline held gin to
her and gently rocked them backwards and forwards and after removing her gag
began to whisper soothing words to gin trying to get her to talk about what had
distressed her so.  For what seemed an eternity to them both they hugged each
other as gin let out her sorrow and anguish stubbornly not revealing to Caroline
what was wrong.  The thrill of feeling gin's fingers suddenly between her labia
made Caroline gasp. Gin took her time teasing Caroline always hinting that she
would touch her clit but always veering off at the last minute. Gin noted how
Caroline's pussy was already soaked with her juices from the spanking that gin
had inflicted on her. Gin patiently toyed with Caroline always avoiding her clit
easily moving her fingers aside at each attempt by Caroline to move her hips so
that her fingers would brush it.  

Gin waited until she was sure that Caroline was as high as she was going to get
without her touching her clit and finally did so. Caroline cried out as she had
an orgasm so powerful that it surprised them both. Gin began to rub Caroline's
clit slowly building Caroline back up to the peak of pleasure then she bent her
head between her wide open thighs and put her tongue to Caroline's clit and
began to flick it with her tongue. "Wait!" Caroline called out making gin pause.
"I, I've never been with a girl before I don't know what to do," said Caroline.
She saw the look of shock on gin's face and then a large smile broke out on her
face, "Just relax honey and enjoy," said gin before she lowered her head back
down to Caroline's clit. As gin began to lap at Caroline's clit she tasted her
juices and she felt her own juices begin to flow. Caroline reared up as gin's
expert tongue began to lap at her pussy. Gently gin pushed her back down again
upon the table and then whispered soothing words to Caroline as she also ran a
hand through Caroline's hair. When Caroline seemed to be calm gin returned to
what she had been doing. Caroline felt as if she was in heaven as gin expertly
lapped at her pussy and clit.  She had always wondered what it would be like to
sleep with a woman and now she knew. She had always felt that it was so wrong
before and the mere thought of it had filled her with horror. But now it felt so
right so natural. She began to wonder what had bought about the change in her
way of thinking? She knew that she should feel horror and revulsion having
another girl lapping at her clit and yet she found herself willing to give
herself up to gin. She had been surprised how turned on she got every time that
she was spanked and she began to wonder if there was something wrong with her.
She wondered and longed to find out what it was like to be in gin's position and
couldn't wait to find out how another girl tasted. She felt her body shudder
with delight as gin expertly lapped at her clit and even shoved her tongue
inside her causing her to have her second orgasm. As her orgasm ripped through
her body gin let out a squeal of pain as Caroline's thighs gripped her head
tightly.  She tried to pull her head from between Caroline's thighs but the grip
was too strong. Helplessly she had to endure the pain until finally Caroline's
body relaxed enough. Gin rubbed her head as she stood up looking down at
Caroline.

Caroline saw the pain in gins' eyes and she sat up upon the table apologising
profusely and pulling gin into her embrace. "I'm sorry I hurt you I didn't mean
it." Caroline sobbed.  Gin fought to control her anger and then reassured her
that it was ok before gently disconnecting herself from Caroline's embrace and
helping her off of the table. Taking her time not wanting to pressure Caroline
gin laid down upon the table feeling the wet puddle of Caroline's juices upon
her arse as she spread her legs. Hesitantly and nervously Caroline bent her head
down to gin's pussy noting the faint musk of gin's arousal filling her nostrils.
She listened and obeyed gin's instructions and began to eagerly lap at gin's
clit as she had just done. Gin fought to retain enough control to whisper words
of encouragement and instructions as to where she wanted Caroline to use her
tongue. Caroline eagerly obeyed gin's instructions delighting in how even with
her inexperience that gin's juices were soon freely flowing from her to be
lapped up by her tongue. She had licked her own juices from her fingers after
she had played with herself and she was delighted to discover that gin's were
very similar in taste to her own. After a while Caroline felt confident enough
to experiment and soon gin had lost the little control she had been able to
retain and she thrashed upon the table as her orgasm ripped through her own
body. Having learned her lesson from what had happened to gin; Caroline used her
hands to hold gin's thighs open.

Caroline kept lapping up gin's freely flowing juices until she judged that gin
had come back down from her peak. Caroline withdrew her tongue from gins' pussy
hearing gin moan as she did so. Caroline stood up and looked down upon the
panting girl seeing the distant look in her eyes as she tried to focus. Gin held
her arms out and Caroline walked into the embrace wincing slightly as her
battered breasts came into contact with gins. The girls lay there in each others
arms whispering words of love and passion as their hands freely explored each
others bodies until they decided to go up to the bedroom and continue in comfort
there.

By the time Tim got home he found the house dark and silent. He parked the car
and closed the garage doors behind him and went into the kitchen. As he reached
for the light switch he was aware of the familiar scent of women aroused hanging
in the air and he felt his heart begin to pound with excitement. Once the light
was on he noticed the piles of discarded clothes lying on the floor and when he
walked over to the table he saw stains that when he put his nose to them had the
definite scent of a woman. As he walked away from the table he kicked something
that spun across the kitchen. He walked over to where it had landed and was
surprised to find a wooden spoon and again his heart beat faster and he couldn't
wait to review the tapes from tonight to see what had been happening whilst he
was out.  Quietly Tim walked up the stairs his ears desperately trying to pick
up any sounds coming from his bedroom. He had pressed his ear up to the door
before carefully opening the door trying not to make it squeak and peered in. As
he had suspected he found the girls cuddled up together fast asleep both of them
had smiles upon their faces and there was the scent of woman hanging in the air.
He made his way over to the bed picking up the duvet from the floor and gently
began to drape it over the girls' naked bodies. He was on the side of the bed
that Caroline was and as he worked his way up her body he was surprised to find
fresh welts upon her arse. Looking closer he could recognise that some of the
welts and bruises were in the shape of the wooden spoon that he had found on the
kitchen floor. He finished covering the girls and after kissing each one lightly
on the forehead he quickly made his way downstairs and into his study. Locking
the door behind him he went over to the bookshelf and opened the secret panel
hiding behind some of the books and stopped the recorders and rewound them as he
fixed himself a drink. He then settled down to watch the action from the night.
As he watched he felt his excitement grow especially when gin set about
Caroline's body with the spoon. He freed his raging hard on and began to work
his hand up and down his length as he watched the spoon fall again and again
upon Caroline's body. Like Caroline Tim wondered what had driven gin to be so
cruel and was just as surprised when gin began to cry. But then the hoped for
action began and he began to wank himself faster thankful that the study was
sound proofed so that his moans wouldn't wake the sleeping girls. "Things were
coming along nicely very nicely indeed," he thought to himself as he shot his
load over the screen upon which there was a close up of Caroline's face in
orgasmic delight. A movement out of the corner of his eye drew his attention to
the monitor that was connected to the camera in the bedroom. Turning to it he
saw that the girls were stirring and getting themselves ready to come
downstairs, quickly he cleaned the screen up and himself and then locked and re
hid the cupboard before he left his study and went to the kitchen.




By the time the girls got downstairs Tim had made a start on the breakfast. He
noted how they tried to act casual as he asked them, what they had got up to
last night?" He also noticed how Caroline sat gingerly upon a chair and she was
wearing one of his shirts, which hung loosely on her body. He made a point of
leaning over her and giving her tits a squeeze and was rewarded with a sharp
intake of breath. As quickly as she possibly could Caroline excused herself from
the table and made her way up to the bathroom and ran a bath. After taking off
the bandages from her wrists and ankles she began to lower herself into the
bath. As the water touched her welted arse and tits making them sting, she let
out a moan of pain.  After a while she smiled and let out a sigh of relief as
the water began to soothe her. As she lay there soaking Caroline wondered how
John was coping without her? The thought of John made her instantly feel
homesick and she longed to be there in his arms right now and that she had never
been so stupid to have had an affair and be caught so as to leave her open to be
blackmailed. Remembering Tim's instructions before she got out of the bath
Caroline made sure that she shaved her pussy, legs and under her arms. Then
after wrapping a towel around herself she made her way into the bedroom where
she quickly dried herself and then looked over at the bed for the clothes that
she had laid out for the day. But instead of the clothes that she had lain out
she found a pair of handcuffs and a blindfold. There was also a note telling her
to get herself dry and then put on the blindfold and sit upon the bed await
further instructions. With feelings of dread Caroline obeyed the instructions
feeling helpless and afraid with her eyes covered by the blindfold.

She sat there for what seemed an age before she heard soft footsteps enter the
room. She opened her mouth to speak but a finger placed over her lips silenced
her so she sat there quietly her feelings of excitement and fear building as
whoever it was moved around the room.   Finally the person walked over to her
and lightly picked up her left arm. Caroline felt something cold touch her arm
and she guessed that her wrists were going to be re bandaged before the next
stage. She was soon proved right as she felt the bandage beginning to be wrapped
around her wrist. With her wrists treated and covered the process was quickly
repeated on her right wrist and then her ankles. Caroline heard the footsteps
walking away again and she had the feeling of being left alone again. Dutifully
she sat there with the blindfold still on waiting for them to come and prepare
her for whatever it was that they had planned for her today. "How long had she
been here," she wondered? "What new torment had they come up for her and when
would she be allowed to go home? Were other thoughts that troubled her as she
sat there? As the hand wrapped around her arm Caroline jumped and instinct made
her try to draw her arm away, for she hadn't heard anyone re-enter the room. By
now Caroline suspected that it was gin in the room with her and this was
confirmed as she felt herself being pulled against her body and a hand began to
run over her head soothing her and calming her down.  Gin waited patiently until
Caroline had calmed down and then gently clamped the first cuff upon her left
wrist. She smiled as Caroline allowed her to cuff her hands behind her and then
let her put on the pair of 5inch heeled shoes that Tim had picked out and
ordered gin to dress Caroline in. Then she carefully helped Caroline onto her
feet and helped steady her until she was able to stand up by herself.



Gin walked over to where she had laid out the clothes that Tim had instructed
her to dress Caroline in today and picked out the cupless bra. The straps were
detachable so gin didn't have to uncuff Caroline's wrists to get it on her.
Caroline groaned as the underwire bit into her breasts until gin had rearranged
the bra to accommodate them. Playfully gin tweaked Caroline's nipples making
Caroline gasp as she did so before returning to the pile of clothes. Gin picked
up the gym skirt and wrapped it around Caroline's waist and then did up the
buttons. Gin noted that the skirt was so short that it only just covered
Caroline's pussy and arse. The final item of clothing was a small cardigan that
was too small to close completely over Caroline's breasts but at least it
offered some chance of modesty for her. With her dressed gin led her over to the
dressing table and helped her sit down before the mirror and after warning
Caroline not to open her eyes or she would be punished gin removed the blindfold
so that she could apply make up to Caroline's face. Once gin was pleased that
she had made Caroline up the way that Tim wanted her she replaced the blindfold
and left her sitting there as she tidied up the bedroom. Then carefully gin
helped Caroline to stand back up and then led her out of the bedroom and then
gingerly down the stairs and into the kitchen where they waited for Tim to
appear. As they stood there Caroline was fighting to keep her emotions under
control, the mixture of excitement fear and sexual tension made her have to
fight for breath and she could feel her heart pounding within her chest so hard
that she felt that it might burst out of it.

Tim watched gin first prepare Caroline and then herself with smug satisfaction
in his study. He felt a thrill go through his body as he saw Caroline in the
full outfit that he had picked out. He loved the way that her breasts were
pushed outwards and well presented in the cupless bra just the way that he had
hoped that they would be when he had bought it. He wished that gin could come
with them for today's fun but she had appointments and also a few auditions
today. He switched the camera to the one that was in the kitchen. As he panned
the camera up and down Caroline's body he noted that she was fighting to control
her breathing and he again delighted in how her body reacted. Finally he turned
off the monitor and re hid it in it's secret compartment and then walked to the
door and unlocked it and stepped through out into the hall and locked the door
behind him. He stepped into the kitchen to find the girls still standing
patiently for him. He indicated to gin that she should take Caroline out to the
garage which gin did carefully helping Caroline down the step. After the girls
had stepped out Tim went over to one of the cupboards and took out the bag that
he kept there. After quickly making sure that there was everything that he
needed for today he stepped out of the garage and shut and locked the door
behind him. He walked round to the boot of the car and threw the bag in and then
after closing it he helped gin to get Caroline into the back seat and safely
belted in. Again Tim was pleased how quietly Caroline accepted what was
happening to her and he gently kissed her on the forehead and was rewarded with
a moan and a smile. After closing the door he went and opened the garage doors
and then got into the car beside gin. As they drove out of the drive and started
off down the road Tim thought to himself that, "today was going to be a very
interesting day indeed." 

End of Chapter Five











Blackmailed Housewife

 
  Caroline Wade
   jim
  2
  79
  2006-08-29T01:31:00Z
  2006-08-29T01:31:00Z
  1
  3050
  17390
   
  144
  40
  20400
  10.2625
 

 
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Blackmailed Housewife

Chapter six

By Master John

&nbsp;

Caroline sat in the backseat of the car
wondering where Tim was taking her and what he would do to her when they got
there. It was an almost heady mixture of fear and excitement that coursed
through her body and mind as different scenarios ran through her head.� But the blindfold upon her eyes made it
impossible to tell where they were and caused enough disorientation to make it
almost impossible for her to tell in which direction they were headed. So
silently she sat there listening to gin and Tim laughing and joking together as
if they were a couple out for a morning drive without a practically naked girl
sitting cuffed and blindfolded in the back seat. With her hands held behind her
she was thankful for the seat belt that held her upright in the seat as Tim
negotiated the various turns and roundabouts as he made his way to gin�s house.
It was when Tim pulled up at some traffic lights that gin decided that she had
better check on Caroline and if necessary re close her cardigan over her bare
breasts. Sure enough when gin looked she saw that they had fallen out and were
on show for anyone that cared to look. Glancing around she noted that the
driver of the car beside them was looking at them so without studying the
driver or his car further she quickly closed the cardigan over Caroline�s
breasts as best she could. Having made sure that Caroline was ok gin turned her
attention back to the cars around them and it was then that her face went white
with fear as she saw the police car driving up behind them. But even as she
turned to tell Tim about it she could see that He had already seen it.

&nbsp;

�Just stay calm� he managed to reply
calmly though inside his mind was screaming like gins� mind must be, to get the
hell out of it before they were arrested. He laid a calming arm upon gin and
with his eyes signalled to the back of the car where an agitated Caroline was
whining into her gag and beginning to struggle on the back seat with her cuffs.
Gin quickly leant over into the back of the car and tried to calm Caroline down
again and cover her bare tits back up again telling her that if she made too
much of a fuss they were sure to be stopped. That seemed to do the trick and
gin was able to sit back down again. All three of them jumped when the siren
and lights suddenly started on the car beside them. �This is it� they all
thought. But then the police car roared off to the left and disappeared as
quick as it had appeared. As the police car disappeared into the distance they all
let out a sigh of relief and Tim missed that the lights had changed in his
favour until the cars behind started to lean on their horns and started yelling
at him. Pulling himself together Tim put the car into gear and continued on his
way to gin's so he could drop her off.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Fortunately they were able to get to
gin�s without further mishap and as soon as gin had opened her garage doors he
drove inside and switched off the engine. Tim then quickly got out of the car
and opened the backdoor to check on Caroline. But the minute she heard the door
open Caroline started to scream and kick at him and it took almost all of his
strength to restrain her long enough to reassure her that she was safe at gins�
house. Finally reassured Caroline allowed Tim to lift her out of the car and
carry her into the house. With the blindfold still in place Caroline was
unaware where she was being taken and it was with a shock that she found
herself seated on a cold wooden surface making her moan into her gag. But her moan
was ignored and she was ordered to kneel up on the table which with some help
from gin she assumed from the feel of the hands that were on her.� With her in position her wrists were
inspected for damage and to her relief Caroline heard Tim assure her that there
was no damage. Satisfied that his slave wasn�t harmed Tim went through to the
front room closely followed by gin. He ignored gin until he had poured himself
a glass of whisky, which he drank in one go. It was as he was pouring himself a
second glass that he finally turned to gin.

�Do you know how close we came to being
arrested today? Said gin angrily as she pushed past Tim to pour herself a drink
to calm her nerves.

�I�m sure that if you and Caroline had
just sat there calmly they wouldn�t of noticed how she was dressed� He replied
with a calmness he didn�t truthfully feel.

�You have that girls whole life in your
hands and yet you don�t seem to care that you almost bought it all to an end.
What kind of a heartless bastard are you?� said gin feeling more angry at how
Tim was trying to make out what had almost happened was such a trivial thing.

&nbsp;

Tim stood there for a few minutes as he
stared into his glass trying to think of something to say. But no matter how he
looked at it gin was right about one thing and that was that he held Caroline�s
whole life in his hands. It wasn�t by choice that Caroline had been half-naked,
blindfolded and handcuffed in his car. He had always been jealous of John since
he had introduced his wife to him. Caroline had been so shy and obviously
self-conscious of her body even though she had a figure a lot of girls would
kill for.� He had been enchanted with her
each time she had smiled at him or the other people she had been introduced to
and the fact that it had made his heart beat faster then he had ever felt it
before made him hunger for her more. It had been so obvious to him that John
and caroline were both truly in love with one another and yet he knew that he
had to find a way to conquer this girl and soon. Knowing how close they were
Tim needed to come up with a way to keep John away from home longer and longer
and make him so tired that Caroline would soon be so hungry for someone around
to show her some love and attention. Once she was at that stage he thought it
would be easy for him to move in for the kill and claim her for his own.�� As he had hoped it had started to work like
a charm and soon John was having an argument down the phone as he called to
tell Caroline that he had to work late again for the 4th time this week. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

After 2 months of John having to work
late and some weekends as well that Tim finally decided to move in for the
kill. But he found that he didn't have to go to her she had come to him. It had
been one of those moments of chance that he had spotted Caroline and a man
coming out of one of the hotels in town. His heart had beaten faster as he
watched them kissing before they had walked away in opposite directions. He
knew that he had finally found the way to net his prey. If he could find a way
of getting some evidence on her with the man he had spotted her with he knew
that he would be home free. After that he had started to hang around the hotel
as often as he could in the hope of finding out more about the man that he had
seen Caroline with. But it hadn�t been at the hotel he had seen the man again
it had been at an awards night and to his delight he found out not only his
name he also found out that he was married too. After that it had been easy to
take some pictures of Philip and Caroline together either coming out of the
hotel or in a restaurant with Caroline and then taking them to Philips office
and confronting him. As he had suspected Philip was horrified at the thought of
his wife finding out about his affair. With Philip now under his control it had
been easy to get him to arrange a meeting with Caroline in the hotel room they
normally used. He had arrived early and so he was able to get inside the
wardrobe and decide what angles he would be able to take pictures without being
seen. It had been agony to be in that wardrobe as the couple had made love
inches away from him as he captured it all for posterity on his camera. Philip
made sure that he turned caroline towards the wardrobe as often as he could so
that he could get a lot of facial shots so there would be no denying who it was
in the pictures. As soon as caroline left Tim had stepped out of the wardrobe
and after warning Philip against doing something stupid like trying to warn
Caroline and what the consequences would be if he did so. He had then set off
home to get the pictures developed so he would have them when he confronted his
new slave. 

&nbsp;

Despite the photos He had feared that
caroline would laugh at him before throwing him out, then calling John and
telling him everything and taking her chances. But instead she had folded to
his demands and had been more then willing to do his bidding to keep her
shameful affair a secret. Since then she had thrown herself into obeying him
and even seemed to be developing feelings for him but he was left wondering
were they real or were they just an act for his benefit? He knew that if he
asked gin what she thought she would laugh at him seeing that once upon a time
she had been one of his victims. But then she had ended up having the last laugh
as she had managed to turn the tables on him hence she had been given enough
money to set up the strip joint she now ran. The memory of waking up to find
that horrible device locked around his manhood made it twitch and he had to
fight the urge to reach inside his trousers and shorts to reassure himself that
it was now free from the cage it had spent 6 long months locked inside. The
night she had drugged him again so she could tie him up and tease him with the
key still made him wake up sweating at the sight of one of the keys melting in
the glass of acid. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

At the time she had tried to make the
deal to win his release claiming that there was only one key to the lock, but
he was still too proud and stupid to know when he was licked. In fact he was
still stupid enough to think he had the upper hand and so she had dropped the
key into the acid and he had helplessly watched it melt before his eyes.� After that he had begun to cry and beg for
her to find a way to get the lock undone and she had suggested calling the fire
brigade to cut it off for him or take him to casualty. But both of these
suggestions they both knew would lead to his humiliation. Gin had delighted in
making sure he knew what it felt like to be at the mercy of someone else in an
attempt to make him give up all the evidence he had against her as well as some
compensation so she could set herself up in business. The chastity device made
sure that every attempt of his cock to get hard would cause him pain so he
would try to think of other things. But gin would always make sure that his
mind would soon be back on the erotic by dressing in next to nothing or sending
him sexy pics of herself or the girls she was auditioning for her new place, to
his place of work. Like caroline the other day, gin would also delight in
dancing for him teasing him until tears of frustration and pain ran freely down
his face as his cock had strained against the cage that was locked around
it.� But still he hadn't broken and given
into her demands and so she had renewed her efforts to humiliate him still
further. He had soon come to regret being so stubborn as the photo collection
gin was building of him dressed or posed in ever more humiliating ways grew
ever larger along with the video one as well. The nights he had been tied up on
all fours as she took his arse with a dildo or vibrator became endless to him
along with the whips she tried out on him as well as other more painful things.


&nbsp;

Since then they had had a mutual respect
for each other as well as a good friendship. Still there were times that he
wondered if all the copies of everything she had had of him had been destroyed
like she had assured him just in case he tried anything. That time with gin in
charge had shown him just how alike they thought and just how imaginative she
was. He had thought about trying to get together with her but she had shown no
interest in him so he had given up the idea just as soon as it had popped into
his head. But of late he was beginning to feel that there had been a change in her
towards him. A softening towards him that she hadn't shown him since before he
had stupidly tried to blackmail her into doing his bidding. Despite his
feelings for caroline he found himself wondering what it would be like to try
and live out the rest of his days with gin? After all she had no ties apart
from the bar so no one would be hurt as she could easily find someone to run it
in her place if not sell it altogether, but there was still that doubt about
how she felt about him that made him hesitate.�
And so once again he pushed it to one side and got back to thinking how
to get caroline where he had intended to take her today without her being
spotted. Considering that the police would more then likely be more then eager
to pull over a car that had a bound and gagged girl sitting in one of it�s
seats to find out what was going on she would have to be hidden out of sight.
This was a shame as he had had something in mind to humiliate her while they
drove to where he intended to have some more fun with her. But he knew that if
they were stopped then John would hear about it and questions would be asked as
to why they had been together let alone why caroline was dressed the way she
was. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

He turned to where gin had been standing
only to let out a curse when he realised she had left the room without him
noticing. He hated the way she could do that but then John had the same habit
it would seem. Many a time he had jumped out of his skin as John or gin would
suddenly be there in front of him as if they had materialised out of thin air.
It didn't take a genius to guess where she would be right now and when he
walked towards the kitchen he found that he had guessed right as he could hear
gin talking to caroline. He walked as quietly as he could wanting to see what
they were up to as well as what gin was up to the captive caroline. 

&nbsp;

As He neared the kitchen Tim could hear
gin speaking softly to caroline but it was so soft He couldn�t make it out to
begin as a result. As He tried to creep quietly towards the entrance to the
kitchen Tim wondered what He would see and some of the images that went through
His head fast made His cock grow hard. But when He could finally see He
discovered a scene far from the ones that He had imagined. He watched as gin
gently cleaned caroline�s face with a cloth wiping away the make up tracks that
had run down her face from under the blindfold. As she did so gin kept talking
to her so softly that Tim couldn�t make out what was being said. He could see
by the way caroline was relaxing whatever it was gin was saying was having the
intended effect and caroline relaxed and allowed gin to wash away all traces of
the make up that run due to her tears of fright. As Tim continued watching gin
gently removed the blindfold from over caroline�s eyes making her blink as the
light flooded into her eyes after being kept in the dark for so long. Gin
gently placed her hands either side of caroline�s head and then made eye
contact with the captive girl and smiled at her. After a moments hesitation
caroline returned the smile as best she could as the gag still remained where
gin had secured it. The 2 girls remained that way and seemed to be speaking
with their eyes rather then spoken word. The air was filled with electricity
that made Tim�s hair stand up as the 2 girls stayed that way for what seemed an
eternity. Then as soon as contact had been made gin�s smile grew still wider
before she placed a kiss right on the centre of the ball strapped into
caroline�s mouth and then began to remove the rest of the make up that had been
ruined by the captives tears.� 

&nbsp;

With the ruined make up removed gin
reached to her make up bag she had placed beside caroline on the work top and
began to reapply it. As she did so Tim thought that there was something
strangely erotic watching gin doing the captive girls make up as the captive
just sat there accepting and trusting gin. He had to stifle wanting to call out
to gin to do caroline�s make up a certain way as He was scared of spoiling the
mood. He was also curious as to how gin was going to make her look, so tried to
stay as still and quiet as possible lest His presence be given away. Gin worked
slowly and with a confidence of someone that was more then used to doing a
bound girl�s make up every day. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Caroline for her part was getting turned
on at feeling so helpless as gin did her make up for her. The last time someone
had done it for her was the day she walked up the aisle to marry John. The
thought of Him almost made the tears flow anew. But she managed to fight them
back part out of not wanting to upset gin by ruining all her hard work and
partly because she knew there was far worse things that could be being done to
her then being made to sit still as her make up was applied. She was surprised
at the feelings that were stirring within her especially in her belly and
between her legs but there was something about being helpless like this not
being able to see how gin was making her look. After all if gin wanted to she
could make her look silly, like a whore or just another woman going about her
daily business. Of course those that were going about their daily business
didn�t do it with their hands held behind their backs, a gag strapped into
their mouths tits barely concealed by a cardigan and a blindfold. Again she cursed
herself for being so stupid to get involved with another man after all if she
hadn�t she wouldn�t be sat here like this instead she would be out and about
getting shopping or waiting to welcome her husband home. Again she had to fight
the urge to cry at the thought of how hurt John would be if he knew what she
had done and how she had been paying for it since.

&nbsp;

Tim watching all of this could see the
turmoil inside caroline by watching her eyes. Part of him wanted to run over
and comfort her and tell her that it was all over he would run her home and he
would never bother her again but another part hungered to see how far he could
push her before she broke. It was seeing the way she was starting to rub her
legs together that finally made him decide to keep using her as it was more
then obvious the slut was starting to get off on all of this. He had hoped that
she would come to like it in some way but at the same time He wanted her to
hate what she was being made to do as he knew that would keep her off balance
and make her more pliable to His whims. As He continued watching gin completed
her work on caroline�s make up and seemed satisfied with what she had done.
From where He was standing and the fact that gin was standing blocking off His
view, Tim couldn�t see caroline so He wasn�t able to appreciate gins handiwork
just yet. He was surprised when gin suddenly got a hairbrush out as well as
some bands and set to work on her captive�s hair. First she took caroline�s
hair out it�s pony tail and then gin set to work on the hair style she had
decided for caroline. It was as she started working that Tim tried to move into
a better position, but by doing so He gave away His presence. Gin turned and
looked at Him for a while, as did caroline over gins' shoulder. He could see
that Gin�s eyes were full of confidence and laughter while caroline�s eyes
still showed she was in another place, while at the same time concern was there
as well. The concern caroline felt was due to the fact she was worried she was
going to be taken away before gin had completed the make over she was giving to
her.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

But as it turned out she needn�t of
worried as gin suddenly turned round and helped her down onto her feet as she
called over her shoulder to Tim that she wanted the keys to the cuffs. Tim
almost without thinking reached into a pocket and handed them over and then
stepped back letting the 2 girls pass by Him. He tried to follow them up the
stairs but gin firmly told Him to stay downstairs and await His surprise.
Feeling frustrated and almost foolish as He watched the 2 girls make their way
upstairs. He listened to the sound of their footsteps and then the sound of a
door closing followed by a key being turned in a lock. It was that sound that
told Him it would be useless to do anything but what gin had told Him to do. So
with a final wistful look up the stairs wondering what was going on He went
back into the front room and fixed Himself another drink and settled in for a
long wait.

&nbsp;













Blackmailed Housewife
Chapter Seven
By
Master John


While Tim was sat downstairs waiting for the girls to reappear a nervous caroline was standing in the main bedroom that gin had just locked them in. Despite her nervousness a shiver of excitement went through her as she saw the lustful look in gins eyes as she turned to look at her still bound captive.&nbsp; After what seemed an age gin finally broke the silence by ordering caroline to sit in front of the dressing table. Carefully she sat down on the stool as she had been ordered to and was glad that she managed it without over balancing despite not having her hands to help her down. Gin came and stood behind her and began to brush out the pigtails that she had put caroline&#8217;s hair into back at Tim&#8217;s house. All caroline could do was sit on the stool watching gin brush her hair out into one long ponytail before wrapping it round and round until she had made a bun. Quickly gin used a few scrunches to secure the bun in place atop of her head. 

�Stand up�, ordered gin. Almost without thinking caroline struggled to obey the order as best she could. In the end it was obvious that despite her best efforts the only way she was going to be able to get up right was with some aid which her captor provided. No sooner was she standing up when she felt the clasp and then the zip of her skirt being released and then the skirt was pulled down off her hips and down her legs.&nbsp; Despite the fact she was cuffed and was finding it hard to balance herself gin got her to step out of the skirt so she was stood there in just her heels and cardigan as well as the cuffs.&nbsp; Gin then came and stood in front of her captive and looked her straight in the eyes before speaking to her again.

�Now I am going to undo the cuffs but I don&#8217;t want you to do anything but stand where you are. If you obey no harm will come to you and this will be a pleasurable experience for both of us.� 

At the mention of pleasure a smile broke out on gin&#8217;s lips only for it to quickly disappear again as caroline was reminded how unpleasant things could be for her if she tried to get away.&nbsp; Seeing the look in gin&#8217;s eyes caroline could only manage to nod to show she understood what she had been told to do. Satisfied that caroline wasn&#8217;t going to cause her any trouble gin walked back around her and undid the handcuffs and put them on the dresser within easy reach if caroline should show any signs of breaking her promise not to resist.

� strip slut!� barked gin suddenly and again without thinking caroline moved to obey as quickly as she could, not wanting to spoil what sounded like a not too unpleasant afternoon with this woman who she still wasn&#8217;t sure was an ally or an enemy as she always seemed to change just as she seemed one thing or another.&nbsp; As she stood there naked in this woman&#8217;s bedroom caroline wondered if she was ever going to find out one way or the other and whether when she did it would make things worse or better for herself. 


Nervously and also a little turned on, curious and scared all at the same time she watched as gin also undressed and then beckoned for her to follow her through the door which she knew led to the bathroom which was a surprise to her as she had been convinced that gin had something more painful in mind for her especially after the session they had had in the kitchen downstairs.&nbsp; The thought of that session made her shiver as she remembered what she had been made to endure including the wooden spoon. Caroline knew she would never be able to see a wooden spoon let alone use one in the kitchen without wanting to clamp her legs tight shut at the memory.&nbsp; As she had been thinking back over past events she noted that gin had been busy running a bath and was now busy pouring in some bubble bath that had a nice smell to it so that she knew that when the occupant or occupants in this case got out they would smell nice. After the hell of the drive here caroline longed for permission to get in and enjoy a long hot soak but she had a feeling that this wasn&#8217;t for her benefit after all so she wasn&#8217;t here of her own free choice.&nbsp; 

With the bath full gin stopped the water and then ordered caroline to get into the bath. As she got into the bath caroline was glad that her arms were free due to the fear of water that she has had since childhood.&nbsp; Once she was sat and comfortable gin told her to keep her arms by her sides, unless she was ordered to move them elsewhere. With that gin started to bathe caroline noting how smooth her skin was as well as it&#8217;s almost milky white texture.&nbsp; From the very first time she had met caroline gin had guessed that she had never been with a woman before but it was also obvious that she wasn&#8217;t against being with one so it had been no surprise how she had reacted to the sessions they had had both here at home and the strip club.&nbsp; For a long time gin washed caroline but always avoiding her breasts and her pussy delighting in how each time she got close caroline would thrust her breasts or pussy out towards her hands seeking to be touched there.&nbsp; For a long time the only sounds in the bathroom was the sounds of their breathing, the slap of water and the occasional moan of disappointment as gin&#8217;s fingers again managed to avoid touching her where she so needed to be touched.

For her part gin was fighting hard to contain her own lust as her excitement grew and grew as she sensed and watched caroline&#8217;s reactions to what she was doing to her.&nbsp; She was surprised at how well caroline was managing to stick to her orders to keep her arms by her sides despite the obvious needs to touch herself or be touched by gin.&nbsp; A few times it had looked like her hands were going to leave her side but each time with an effort caroline had managed to force them back down to the stage she was now having to almost sit on them so as not to move them until such time as she is given permission to move them.&nbsp; Finally gin managed to make herself stop teasing caroline and gently slid into the bath behind caroline so that she was able to support her body as well as still have access to it.










A hiss of triumph left caroline&#8217;s lips as finally gin&#8217;s fingers sought out and rubbed her nipples. Feeling gin&#8217;s sticking into her back she leant back and wiggled so that she got some friction on them and was rewarded with a gasp and a squeeze on each of her own breasts.&nbsp; Despite the order not to move her hands caroline reached behind her until she was able to find gin&#8217;s slit and she began to run her fingers up and down it enjoying the feeling of the smooth skin of the labia as she started to turn the tables on her captor.&nbsp; As her fingers finally reached gin&#8217;s clit gin reared up so violently she almost threw caroline out of the bath making her cry out in terror only for her cry to be muffled as she was bought crashing back into the water.&nbsp; As her head went under panic over took her and she began trying to fight her way back to the surface but no matter how hard she tried she just couldn&#8217;t find her way up. Gin sensing her panic was trying to help her back up but the harder she tried the harder caroline seemed to fight her for all sense of reason had left her and she seemed to think gin was trying to hold her under rather then help her up so she fought all the harder.&nbsp; Finally in desperation gin grabbed the plug and pulled it out and then held on to caroline trying to reassure her and comfort her as the water level dropped lower and lower until she was able to breath in much needed air.&nbsp; A mixture of tears and mucus covered the poor hapless girls face along with a lot of her long hair as well making her a very pitiful sight.&nbsp; She reached for a flannel and gently wiped caroline&#8217;s face and removed the hair from her face then helped her out of the bath and back into the bedroom.&nbsp; It was obvious to gin that shock or fear of something had set in because caroline was shaking almost uncontrollably whilst at the same time she was clinging onto gin as if her life depended on it so she gently and as quickly as she could dried them both off and then guided caroline over to the bed and got them both in it and they both laid there until caroline was finally calm enough to explain what had happened.

As it turned out caroline had a fear of water due to something that had happened to her as a child and it seemed that even showers are a struggle for her when it comes to water getting into her face.&nbsp; The 2 of them lay there talking and even laughing as if they were a couple of old friends without a care in the world until the moment was destroyed by a knock at the door and the voice of Tim demanding to be let in as there was a lot to do and he and caroline needed to get going to get them done.&nbsp; Gin reluctantly got out of the bed and threw on a robe and went to the door and unlocked and then opened it and stood back so Tim could enter the room.&nbsp; But he only took a few steps inside before he saw that caroline wasn&#8217;t dressed so he ordered her to redress and be downstairs in 10 minutes or else and with that he was gone back downstairs.&nbsp; Not wanting to anger him caroline got out of the bed and retrieved her clothes from where gin had put them and then started to try and put her hair back the way it was but her hands just wouldn&#8217;t stop shaking as the possibilities of what he might have in mind for her this afternoon kept running through her mind so gin set about re doing her hair.&nbsp; Neither girl said anything to the other but when their eyes met in the mirror of the dressing table it was obvious they both had the same thing on their minds.&nbsp; Finally with her hair in place there was only one thing to be done and with a couple of clicks caroline was once more a captive without control over her life or what happened to her.&nbsp; As quickly as she could gin reapplied caroline&#8217;s make up and then they went downstairs together and back into the living room where Tim was waiting for them.

As they entered the room gin was surprised and more then a little annoyed to find Tim on her computer as there were things on there she would rather noone saw especially him. She made a mental note to add a password to it so he wouldn&#8217;t be able to use it in future and hoped that he hadn&#8217;t been looking at any of the files as now wasn&#8217;t the time for their contents to be revealed. Nervously she walked around the desk to stand behind Tim and was relieved to see he had been looking up train times rather then anything else.&nbsp; Without looking at her Tim held one of his hands out into which gin placed the key to the hand cuffs which was quickly placed in a pocket lest he forget it.&nbsp; Have you got a coat that she can wear? asked Tim. Yes I think I have one that will fit her replied gin and with that she went out to the cupboard under the stairs where she kept her coats and picked one out that she didn&#8217;t wear all that often.&nbsp; As she walked back into the living room she was surprised to see that caroline was now standing before the desk without her hands cuffed. Gin offered the coat to caroline who put it on and then as directed zipped it closed.&nbsp; Critically Tim walked around her making sure that she was well covered and that no one would guess that under the coat her breasts were barely covered.&nbsp; Satisfied that everything was covered for the next part of their journey he nodded and then got his own coat on and led the way to the front door.&nbsp; 

The three of them stood in the hall way the girls looking at Tim each with a look of puzzlement on their faces as to what he had been planning whilst they had been upstairs.&nbsp; Each girl noted that a bag had appeared by the door and each guessed that Tim had got it from the car that was hidden in the garage.&nbsp; They each thought that they might know what was in it and both also knew that it wouldn&#8217;t be too long before caroline not only found out what the contents were but would be having them used on her.&nbsp; Finally Tim spoke to gin thanking her for letting them use her home as a shelter whilst the heat hopefully had died down after being spotted out driving. He then went on to explain as the police might still be on the look out for the car he had decided that caroline and himself would continue their journey by train so therefore he would be leaving the car where it was and arrange to pick it up sometime later. Gin wasn&#8217;t too put out by this as she was hoping that when he came to pick it up he might divulge what he had been up to on this strange journey and why he had had caroline dress the way she was.&nbsp; With the arrangements made Tim picked up the bag and then opened the door and guided caroline over the threshold and down the path.&nbsp; Gin stood in the doorway watching as they walked down the road.&nbsp; She waved as she saw that caroline had turned in her direction and was rewarded with a smile and a wave back.&nbsp; Gin stood there until they were out of sight and then closed the door and dashed to the front room to try and figure out if Tim had been looking through the files or whether he had only used it to search for train times as he had appeared to be.










It was still bright and sunny and the coat gin had given her to wear was fur lined so it wasn&#8217;t long before caroline was sweating heavily as they began the walk towards the station.&nbsp; Tim for his part didn&#8217;t seem very talkative in fact he seemed in a hurry and it was a real struggle for her to keep up with him.&nbsp; Walking along like this reminded her of all the times she had gone for walks with John and she wished she was with him rather then walking with Tim to be made to do god knows what or have god knows what done to her at his hands.&nbsp; Finally they arrived at the station and as there was a queue at the ticket office Tim used the ticket machine and then grabbing one of caroline&#8217;s arms ran out onto the platform and onto the train that was getting ready to pull out. In fact no sooner had they got on board that the alarm to indicate the doors were closing went off and the train engine began to roar and they were off.&nbsp; Tim guided them to the nearest empty seats so that they could sit beside one another and indicated that she should get in.&nbsp; Again this reminded her of being with John as she always insisted at being by the window so she could look out and see where they were going.&nbsp; Of course those times had been for pleasure and fun this time she doubted that she would be having either experience.&nbsp; Again she wished she could open the coat she was wearing but when she went to undo it Tim had hissed at her to leave it as it was so unhappily she had sat there watching the scenery go by as the train hurtled along the tracks to wherever it was he taking her.&nbsp; 

Not long after the train pulled out a ticket inspector came along and checked their tickets.&nbsp; Caroline was surprised when Tim and the inspector began to chat and it soon became apparent that they knew one another very well indeed.&nbsp; The inspector&#8217;s name as it turned out was Trevor who knew Tim from when they were at school together. From the way Trevor kept leering at caroline she had the awful feeling that he knew who she was and that this was no accidental meeting and her fears were soon confirmed when Trevor assured Tim that he had managed to acquire the items Tim had asked for, and that everything was arranged for the day after tomorrow.&nbsp; It was a relief for caroline when they pulled into the first station meaning that Trevor had to go and check peoples tickets as they got on and off before checking the rest of the passengers on the train.&nbsp; Tim for his part was chuckling at the thought of something but didn&#8217;t seem in the mood to reveal what so caroline went back to staring miserably out of the window watching the world go by until finally as the train was pulling into a station Tim indicated it was time to get off.&nbsp; As they got to the doors they found Trevor waiting for them and it was no surprise to her when Trevor pinched her arse and said he looked forward to seeing her again soon and how much he was looking forward to her carrying out her promise to him for having done so.&nbsp; Tim just smiled and pointed out that what was arranged was partly a surprise for her so asked his friend not to reveal anything else.&nbsp; He also apologised for not being able to do it today but as the weather was so nice today he had decided to take caroline for a walk in the country.&nbsp; Caroline didn&#8217;t fail to notice the way Tim winked at Trevor when he said it nor could she miss the lurid grin on Trevor&#8217;s face as he said he wished he was able to join them.&nbsp; With a final goodbye Trevor buzzed the buzzer to tell the driver all was clear and with a roar of the engine and a cloud of diesel smoke the train departed leaving them both on an empty platform in the middle of no where or at least that&#8217;s what it looked like from where caroline was standing.&nbsp; The good thing about it being isolated for caroline was that she was finally given permission to undo the coat before they set off away from the platform.&nbsp; Feeling cooler but even more nervous now they were obviously close to the objective that Tim had in mind caroline followed Tim along the lane.
Meanwhile gin was still searching through her computer trying to find out what Tim had been up to whilst she had been upstairs with caroline when suddenly a message box appeared on the screen from someone she didn&#8217;t recognise.&nbsp; Curious as to whom it was and what they wanted she opened the box only to discover that it wasn&#8217;t her account but Tim&#8217;s.&nbsp; It seemed in his haste to leave he hadn&#8217;t signed out from her computer.&nbsp; Gin wasn&#8217;t sure what she was going to say as she wasn&#8217;t sure of the style that Tim had online so she was partly relieved to find it was a message sent by someone who was confirming that he would be meeting Tim at the arranged time and place today and how much they were looking forward to having fun with caroline!

Oh my god muttered gin as she began to search through the computers archive to find out what it was Tim had been arranging.&nbsp; As she read through the log something she saw disturbed her so much it wasn&#8217;t a hard choice for gin to shut down the computer and run upstairs and quickly dress especially when she saw one of the men who had said he would be there.&nbsp; A quick phone call to a friend and a car was soon parked outside into which gin got in and gave directions on where he should drive her as fast as he could.&nbsp; As he pulled out onto the main road gin hoped that they wouldn&#8217;t be too late getting there.

As gin and friend started driving to where they were Tim had guided caroline to a clearing near the water of a river where he laid out a rug and then started laying out the food and drink that he had bought with him.&nbsp; It was a lovely sunny afternoon and the setting so perfect caroline was sure that anyone walking by would think they were 2 lovers having a picnic as opposed to blackmailer and victim.&nbsp; There was still a part of her that was on guard as she was sure that Tim had something else on his mind then having a romantic picnic but as yet she had been unable to see any danger so allowed herself to relax a little and sat down on the rug opposite Tim and accepted the glass of wine that he handed her.&nbsp; When the food was laid out they began to tuck in enjoying the sight of the sun playing off of the water along with the occasional boat as it headed either to Norwich or from there.&nbsp; The couple even returned the wave&#8217;s of some of the people on board making caroline relax all the more until she became aware of the stirrings inside her.&nbsp; 

From where Tim was sitting he could see that the drug that he had dropped into her drink was starting to have its effects on her even though she was desperately trying to hide it.&nbsp; Glancing at his watch he knew that it wouldn&#8217;t be long before the first of the guests were due to arrive so he knew that he needed to prepare caroline.&nbsp; He knew where he could put her so that it would be hard for any one on the boats going past to be able to see what was going on yet anyone walking by on the shore couldn&#8217;t miss her.&nbsp; This was where he had arranged for those he had been talking to online to look for her.&nbsp; Standing up he helped caroline to her feet even though it was a bit of a struggle as her legs weren&#8217;t very steady due to the drug.&nbsp; He had thought about not drugging her and just dragging her and securing her but due to the weather there was just too much river traffic to risk her screaming and struggling.&nbsp; Carefully he led her into the nearby shelter of the tree&#8217;s and bushes he had selected for today&#8217;s fun.







After resting caroline against a tree Tim reached into the bag and began to get the equipment that he needed to secure her.&nbsp; Walking over to her he got her to open her mouth and inserted the o ring gag and then strapped it tightly behind her head.&nbsp; With her gagged he then took off the cardigan and her skirt just leaving the shoes on her feet he then lead her over to the fallen tree trunk he had chosen to secure her over.&nbsp; It was just the right height to support her on all fours as this was how he planned to have her found and used.&nbsp; He forced her onto her knees before the trunk and then guided her body over it.&nbsp; As he had hoped her tits hung free so they were accessible as well as her pussy, arse and mouth.&nbsp; Using croquet hoops and a mallet he secured her ankles so that he legs were held wide enough so that someone could approach her from behind and fuck either hole. He also used another 2 to hold her knees in place so she couldn&#8217;t try to eject her rider.&nbsp; A further 2 hoops and her wrists were held uselessly to the ground and his captive was just that a captive with no way of getting herself up off the trunk.&nbsp; But just to make sure he used rope to secure her to the trunk until caroline and the trunk were as one.&nbsp; With her body secured Tim started playing with her nipples until they were rock hard and then despite her screams of protest he placed a pair of clover clamps on her nipples with a chain running between them.&nbsp; Again she screamed as she saw Tim approaching her with a hammer and a nail and wasn&#8217;t much happier as he secured the middle of the chain to the trunk as the clover clamps bit deeper into her nipples as they and her breasts were pulled down and back.&nbsp; When she saw the blindfold tears ran down her face and she tried to beg him not to place it on her but the last thing she saw was his smiling face as he pulled it down over her eyes.&nbsp; With caroline ready Tim got out the little wicker basket and took off the cling film that had covered it revealing the condoms that he had placed in it earlier that day and he placed it at the foot of the trunk between her legs and then walked back to the rug to wait for the fun to begin not knowing that along with those that he had invited there was an uninvited guest on their way.

Gin was getting more and more frustrated at how slow they were being forced to travel.&nbsp; In fact right now was even worse as she was stuck at a level crossing so was going no where.&nbsp; How can they say it&#8217;s quicker by train muttered gin as they sat in the queue of traffic waiting for the crossing gates to rise next to the train station.&nbsp; She and her companion had thought of going the other way round but had feared on a day like today the bridge would be in use and that they would get stuck going that way.&nbsp; Plus there was the chance it might get stuck in the up position as it had done last summer.&nbsp; Of course being so sunny everyone and his wife wanted to go to the seaside so it had taken her a long time to get this far only to be held up again when the crossing barriers had gone down.&nbsp; At last she huffed as the train finally pulled out of the station and started on its way towards Norwich.&nbsp; But the barriers still didn&#8217;t rise until a train came from the other direction into the station.&nbsp; Later she would think to herself that if she had known that the last train had dropped off some of the guys Tim had invited and that the other train held a few more she wouldn&#8217;t have insisted that they carried on but called the police as they would have been able to get there quicker. But as she didn&#8217;t know they carried on their journey when the barriers finally went up allowing the flow of traffic to start flowing again.&nbsp; 

As it was she still had no idea how she would get caroline away without becoming involved herself but she knew she had to try, that of course was assuming the car towing the caravan in front of her wasn&#8217;t going in the same direction as they were. 

Those that Tim had invited of course hadn&#8217;t had to worry about traffic on the roads as they had come by train, as it had been pointed out that it would be easier to get there and back via that route.&nbsp; Tim had helpfully supplied directions from the station to the clearing he had bought caroline and the picnic things to so the men didn&#8217;t have to worry about getting lost and missing all the fun that had been offered to them.&nbsp; A few of them knew one another so it was a very happy group that walked into the clearing where Tim was waiting to greet them.&nbsp; Of course they immediately wanted to know where caroline was seeing that he was there on his own.&nbsp; More then a few of them said they had known this was some kind of a wind up and started to head back towards where they thought the station was only to set eyes on a fallen tree trunk over which was tied the girl they had come to see.&nbsp; They all walked over to her and looked down on her making comments about how they couldn&#8217;t believe that she was so ready to allow this to be done to her.&nbsp; Of course with the ring gag caroline wasn&#8217;t able to put them straight about that but then she doubted they would believe or care if they did. 

Despite their obvious excitement there was more then a few of them embarrassed about undressing in front of the others so it was suggested by Tim that they all went back to the rug where there was a supply of drink to help relax them.&nbsp; The mention of drink and the fact it was such a hot day most of the group eagerly followed Tim and watched as he pulled on a string and recovered the cans of beer and lager he had been cooling in the river.&nbsp; It turned out some of the group had also bought drink with them and so the string was attached to the new cans and they were lowered into the river to keep cool for later.

Not everyone had gone with Tim for a beer after all he had come here to enjoy the girl not drink himself silly not that the group would have noticed him he thought to himself as he looked down at his prize.&nbsp; If he had wanted to drink and look at her he could of stayed home wanking himself to the pictures of her that had been put up on the website he had found the details for today&#8217;s fun on.&nbsp; Seeing the weather was so warm he had no problem stripping off his clothes and then kneeling in front of her.&nbsp; He noted how the clamps bit into her nipples and how the chain drew her tits down and back towards the trunk over which she was bound and couldn&#8217;t resist torturing them still further loving to hear her cries of protest.&nbsp; He even loved the drool that was dripping from her held open mouth it was almost exactly as he dreamt it would be. Fascinated and excited he let his fingers scoop up a chain of&nbsp; drool that was dropping further and further towards the ground where there already was a pool forming and after tasting some he stuck the rest back into her mouth.&nbsp; As he did so caroline felt like she was going to be sick but fear of what might happen helped her force the bile back down her throat.






For years Steven had been interested in bondage and other aspects of the lifestyle though he was far too shy to approach a girl and ask her out let alone ask if he could do the things he had long fantasised about doing.&nbsp; He loved reading stories where the girl was an unwilling participant but of course she had always been unable to deny the fact she was submissive by nature and soon was enjoying the fact she had been put into her place.&nbsp; Finding Tim&#8217;s website had been a great find as finally here was someone who unlike himself was unafraid to force a girl into her natural position and here she was in the flesh for using and abusing, the silly slut.&nbsp; Mercilessly he made the clamps dig further into her nipples and stretched her breasts further and further until they were just cones of flesh.&nbsp; Despite the gag caroline&#8217;s screams seemed to be getting louder and louder and fearing that the others might try and stop him he let go of her nipples letting the breasts return to their normal size and shape.&nbsp; The sudden release and resultant bouncing of her breasts caused her further pain as the clamps bit deeper as the chain between them was too short to allow them much movement.&nbsp; Tears ran down her face from under the blindfold and she struggled against the hoops and rope that held her in place but it was no use everything held and she was held in place for whatever else her tormentor had in mind for her.

The power that Steven felt course through his body was like a drug and he craved to have more of it.&nbsp; Never in his wildest dreams had he thought it would feel like this to have someone at his mercy and willing to do whatever he told her to do.&nbsp; Even though he could hear the others laughing and joking over their beers and part of him knew he had arrived with them the other part of his mind told him that caroline was only here for his enjoyment in fact she was now his to do with as he pleased.&nbsp; After all that part of him reasoned wasn&#8217;t that what she had said on the website do with me as you please and I mean anything.&nbsp; There had been something about there being limits but from everything he had read limits were there to be broken as was a woman&#8217;s will.&nbsp; With the right amount of force there was nothing that a woman wouldn&#8217;t learn to enjoy and besides they craved a man to be strong enough to make them do anything their Master desired them to.&nbsp; With his conscience comforted in his own twisted way Steven happily thrust his cock through the ring gag and into his slave&#8217;s mouth and reached back down to her tits and began to enjoy himself seeing how far her tits would stretch.&nbsp; The thrill that went through his body as her screams reverberated along the length of his cock drove him to trying harder and harder to stretch them.&nbsp; It wasn&#8217;t long before the need to cum over took him and it was a real struggle to redraw from her mouth.













Pain her whole world was pain she couldn&#8217;t think clearly her tits felt like they were being ripped from her body.&nbsp; The things that Tim and gin had done to her were nothing compared to what she was being put through now.&nbsp; Tears flowed freely down her face as she wondered how much longer this would go on.&nbsp; Even with the blindfold in place she guessed there was only this one guy present which in a way she was grateful as she didn&#8217;t think she could take another abuser right now.&nbsp; Again and again she had tried to get away from the hands as they had sought out her breasts to begin tormenting her again but Tim had done too good a job at securing her and helplessly she had been made to endure more and more pain from her tormentor.&nbsp; Even though she longed to cause him some pain back the ring gag held her mouth wide open and her teeth were held well away from the cock she longed to bite so he could experience some of the pain she was being exposed to.&nbsp; It seemed even her screams caused him some kind of pleasure and she was left wondering what kind of psycho Tim had handed her to and for how long?&nbsp; She had been surprised when she had sensed he was about to cum that he hadn&#8217;t done so as he seemed to be in need of a release but then she guessed there was more then one hole that he would want to deposit his load into.&nbsp; She wondered why she had been left with just this person for she had sensed and heard the large group surround her and been convinced that she was going to be gang banged and yet the majority had seemed only interested in the drink on offer rather then her and she had been left at the mercy of this person who&#8217;s ability to gain pleasure seemed to involve ruining her body.&nbsp; Then to her relieve he stopped torturing her breasts and he even removed his cock from her mouth and she hoped that it meant someone was coming or he had even decided to go and join the others.&nbsp; But instead of leaving caroline heard the sound of a bag being put down in front of her along with the sound of her tormentor looking for something in the bag.&nbsp; From the clanking of metal on metal caroline&#8217;s mind was filled with dread as images of what he might be getting out of the bag began to appear in her head.

It wasn&#8217;t just in caroline&#8217;s head and mind that such terrible things were manifesting themselves they were in gin&#8217;s as well.&nbsp; Unlike caroline though gin knew who her assailant was and what he was capable of.&nbsp; He had been a regular at the strip club until things had gotten out of hand and his obsession with one of the girls had gone far beyond the norm.&nbsp; When he first started coming every night gin had just seen him as another punter who thankfully wanted to come back night after night and spend money at the bar as well as paying for private dances from some of the girls and tipping the ones that danced on stage.&nbsp; But then after a while things had changed and he had started only staying if one of the girls in particular was working.&nbsp; Again in a way gin had thought nothing of it as a lot of the regulars started doing the same with other girls so she thought again he was like all the others.&nbsp; True when Nancy was dancing god help anyone that got in his line of sight or tried to have a private dance before he did but normally the bouncers were able to calm him down with a few words and no blood was spilt and that was what mattered at the end of the day at least it had then.






Like most things it had started small he would bring in small gifts for Nancy such as flowers or a box of chocolate so Nancy flattered and also thinking that as she had a fan it might mean extra money for herself began to concentrate more on him when he was in then the rest of the punters.&nbsp; Unfortunately it just seemed to make things worse not better and soon the gifts weren&#8217;t flowers and chocolates they were items of jewellery and clothing.&nbsp; The clothing more often then not wasn&#8217;t a problem as it was the kind of thing she could wear on stage so again no alarm bells were rung and gin hadn&#8217;t felt the need to step in and put a stop to it nor had anyone else for that matter.&nbsp; Of course it turned out afterwards there had been a few who had wanted to step in but as she hadn&#8217;t they felt they were worrying about nothing so had remained silent.&nbsp; Then came the night when he had arrived dressed in a tuxedo and was carrying a large box under one arm.&nbsp; There had been a few cat calls and jeers from some of the punters when he first walked in until they saw who it was and quickly they died down while everyone held their breath waiting for the explosion.&nbsp; But to everyone&#8217;s surprise he had just calmly walked over to where gin was standing and handed her the box asking her to give it to Nancy.&nbsp; Curious as to what this was all about gin had set about doing just that.&nbsp; As soon as Nancy set eyes on the box the look on her face was one of shock and bewilderment.&nbsp; It didn&#8217;t improve when gin explained who it was from but like Pandora&#8217;s Box the girls just had to see what was inside it and so carefully opened it to reveal a dress that took their breath away as it was so beautiful.&nbsp; 

Carefully Nancy had taken the dress out of the box and held it up before herself as she looked in the full length mirror in the dressing room.&nbsp; All the other girls had stopped what they were doing to also have a look at this latest gift.&nbsp; It was a black dress with a corset type top that did up at the back with ribbons the same colour as the dress. The material was so soft to the touch and it whispered as it moved as Nancy studied herself and it in the mirror critically looking for flaws but she couldn&#8217;t see any.&nbsp; The skirt had a wire support so that it flared at the bottom and revealed the wearers feet.&nbsp; It was after she had taken the dress out that the shoes had been discovered.&nbsp; They were a full 6 inch heel but then she was used to walking and dancing in them that they wouldn&#8217;t be a problem.&nbsp; The thing that bought the most gasps was the fact that there was a padlock on each clasp meaning that once she had put them on she was going to be wearing them until the key was produced.&nbsp; They had searched and searched but couldn&#8217;t find a key so they knew who must have those.&nbsp; There was also a new pair of stockings that had sequin roses sewn on to them in the box.&nbsp; The skirt of the dress also had the same pattern as did the shoes.&nbsp; Finding a note at the bottom of the box Nancy quickly read it and then smiled before heading off to the stage to do her shift.&nbsp; Gin hadn&#8217;t been surprised when she had read the note to discover that the dress had a cost and that cost was to have dinner with Steven.&nbsp; 

Of course the girls all knew the rules about dating punters but she also knew that the girls did it out of hours so knew there wasn&#8217;t anyway she could actually stop them from doing so, after all they were free to do what they wanted with their own time.&nbsp; True she could fire them and get more girls in but she was sure that they would do the same plus there were far too many regulars who came for particular or a particular girl to lay any of them off.&nbsp; No the best she could do was keep an eye on them and try and protect them from anyone hurting them or worse.&nbsp; So with this in mind she had helped an excited Nancy dress in the outfit that date had provided for her and even arranged for Roger one of the bouncers who sometimes doubled as her chauffeur to drive them to and from the restaurant Steven had booked a table at.&nbsp; 
Still despite the precautions she had made gin couldn&#8217;t stop herself worrying and had stayed by the phone waiting in case Roger phoned her.&nbsp; But the evening had progressed and there had been no call and as she locked up and then said goodnight to the last of the staff there was still no sight of Roger or any phone call from him so she assumed that all was going well.&nbsp; It was while she was counting up the takings that the phone had finally rang and she had picked it up expecting it to be Roger to tell her he was on his way to pick her up but instead to her horror it was the local police station asking if she would confirm that Roger was an employee as was Nancy of her club.&nbsp; Despite her insisting on being told what was going on the person at the other end said that they were unable to discuss what had happened over the phone.&nbsp; Quickly locking the takings into the safe gin had rang a local cab firm and soon was at the police station asking to speak to someone about what happened.&nbsp; As it turned out the detective dealing with the incident was heading out of the police station when he heard gin inquiring about the people he was off to interview at the hospital so quickly ushered her into an interview room to find out what she knew about them.

Gin had been shocked to be told both Nancy, Roger and Steven were at the hospital know not as shocked when she had found out they were there not because of a car accident as she had first assumed upon learning that all 3 people were there.&nbsp; As her mind tried to make sense of what she was being told she told the detective all about how Steven had been coming into the club for a while now and that he had taken a shine to Nancy and that tonight he had come into the club with a new outfit for her and an invite for dinner.&nbsp; The detective said he understood this from Steven but was surprised when gin revealed that Roger had been sent to chauffeur them to and from the restaurant as Steven had been claiming that Roger was a complete stranger and had in fact tried to abduct Nancy which is why Steven had stabbed him several times with a knife he had managed to get off Roger in self defence.&nbsp; The police were unable to ask Nancy what had happened as her throat had been cut, though the quick actions of an ambulance crew that had happened to be passing at the time had saved her life though she was still in theatre and could be for quite sometime to come.&nbsp; There had been a knock at the door sometime after that and from the look on the desk sergeants face gin guessed it wasn&#8217;t going to be good news and prepared herself for the worst when the detective sat back down opposite her.&nbsp; Thankfully it was good news as Nancy was out of surgery and the team that had worked on her had high hopes that she would live though her voice would never be the same again.

They had driven to the hospital in silence both brooding about their part in the case.&nbsp; For her part gin blamed herself for not stopping things sooner but as Roger told her later on hindsight is a wonderful thing after the event.&nbsp; From speaking with him and later with Nancy herself gin had been able to put together what had happened long before it had all come out in court.&nbsp; The evening had seemed like just another date Nancy had had with the only difference being she had been given a new outfit for the date.&nbsp; She had fully expected that Steven would want sex with her in fact from her experiences with men so far that was all that seemed to be on their minds when they asked her out.&nbsp; They had enjoyed a pleasant evening together laughing and chatting and all the people in the restaurant called as witnesses during the case agreed outwardly it had looked like they were a new couple enjoying each others company and there had been no hint of the horror that was to bring to a bloody end everyone&#8217;s pleasant evening.&nbsp; 
Everyone seemed to agree things went wrong when one of Nancy&#8217;s past flames had come into the restaurant worse the ware for drink and had tried to pick up where he had left off.&nbsp; Nancy not wanting to cause a scene and in the hope of avoiding trouble had taken him back outside and hailed and cab and sent him on his way.&nbsp; To the onlookers it looked like the trouble had been averted and people went back to enjoying their meals. That was until Nancy walked back into the restaurant and been met with a torrent of abuse and accusations of carrying on with another man behind her dates back.&nbsp; Nancy had tried to calm him and tell him that the man that she had just thrown out was someone from the past and he was just that the past but Steven was beside himself with rage and made a grab for her across the table.&nbsp; Nancy had managed to step back out of the way and Steven had crashed into the table angering him still further.&nbsp; Roger hearing a commotion had rushed in to find out what was going on and found himself face to face with a teary and terrified Nancy who had asked him to take her home.&nbsp; 

Not needing to be told twice Roger had guided her outside and opened the passenger door for her.&nbsp; As she had got into the car she had seen Steven coming out of the restaurant holding a steak knife and had tried to warn Roger but it was too late. Steven had been on him and had plunged the knife several times before using it to slash Nancy&#8217;s throat.&nbsp; Though injured Roger hadn&#8217;t been out of the fight and had managed to get back to his feet and had taken great pleasure in helping some of the other people from the restaurant in disarming and then restraining Steven until the police and ambulance arrived.

Despite all of the evidence against him Steven had got off lightly and the sentence had almost been a joke to all those that were involved in the case except for Steven, who still held to his claim that he was the one that had been wronged.&nbsp; The only good things to come out of the whole mess was soon after the case was all over Nancy and Roger had married though they had since moved away from the area as Nancy said there were too many memories of what had happened around just about every corner.&nbsp; The second thing was that the other girls finally took seriously the rule about not dating the punters and there had been a great cooling of relations between the girls and the punters.&nbsp; It had cost the club some custom but after what had happened gin felt it was a small price to pay for everyone&#8217;s safety.&nbsp; And yet here he was again back in her life and again there was a girl at risk and she was determined that this time she was going to stop him no matter what the cost.

Meanwhile Steven had laid out all the things that he wanted to use on this girl who had offered herself to him.&nbsp; There were a couple of rat traps along with a couple of mouse traps and an assortment of alligator clamps to use on her.&nbsp; There were also a couple of whips as well that he had long imagined using on a girl such as this one and show her who her Master was.&nbsp; With everything laid out and his need to cum becoming almost painful he decided to fuck her before having some more fun with her, so positioned himself between her legs and without ceremony or thought for her own comfort began to thrust his hard cock inside her.&nbsp; The screams that accompanied him doing this almost made him cum there and then but he was determined he was going to fuck this bitch long and hard before he would allow himself the pleasure of cumming so tried to think of other things as he worked himself deeper and deeper into her pussy.&nbsp; 
He loved the feeling of the smooth lips opening to envelop his cock and was a little disappointed at how quickly she seemed able to produce her own juices as he had hoped to torture her with some long drawn out thrusts while she was still dry.&nbsp; But for Steven his fun was coming to an end as he had failed to notice that the sound of laughter was growing louder as the others finally felt lubricated enough to go ahead with what had been planned.&nbsp; Tim led them all back into the area he had secured caroline and was surprised and taken aback to see Steven kneeling behind caroline fucking her as he had been sure that everyone had been with him having a drink.&nbsp; He was even more disturbed to realise that there was a fair amount of equipment laid out as he had thought he had made it clear that this was to be a meeting for sex and nothing else and he went as far as to say so.&nbsp; The others were just as angry to see that someone had been having all the fun while they had been relaxing and getting to know one another.&nbsp; They all started advancing towards Steven telling him to clear off out of it if he knew what was best for him, which with some muttered threats he had quickly done so after bundling his toys back into his bag and re dressing.

Kneeling in front of caroline Tim had gently removed the gag and given her something to drink and then after checking that she was ok he had replaced the gag.&nbsp; Standing back up to undress himself he was quickly replaced by one of the others who almost without ceremony thrust his cock into her mouth.&nbsp; Meanwhile one of the others was playing with her clit despite having found that her juices were flowing nicely already.&nbsp; He waited till caroline was screaming in frustration and need before finally inserting his cock into her pussy.&nbsp; Caroline had never been double teamed before and struggled to get used to the rhythm that the men using her mouth and pussy were trying to set so that as one withdrew the other pushed back inside her.&nbsp; Finally after some false starts caroline got it and soon the three of them were happily working together.&nbsp; Of course as she had already known the movements she needed to make to aid the men using her meant torturing her already sore nipples due to the clamps still attached to them but her excitement and need was so much that she didn&#8217;t care plus after a while she was finding the pain mixed in with the pleasure she was receiving from the cock as it brushed her clit and g spot was making things even better.

It wasn&#8217;t just the clamps she was finding enhancing her experience as she discovered that due to the blindfold her other senses were heightened to heights she had never had them before, so that her body tingled to the touch of the men&#8217;s fingers as well as their cocks as they each took turns to use her mouth and pussy as well as stroke her breasts and gave her arse an occasional playful smack.&nbsp; No sooner would one hole become empty it was quickly filled again by someone else.&nbsp; Despite the basket of condoms no one was bothering to use them and Tim was glad that caroline was on the pill though of course there were worse things to worry about then her getting pregnant.&nbsp; In fact he wasn&#8217;t the only person thinking along those lines caroline was doing so as well.&nbsp; She was worrying how she would explain to John if it turned out that one or more of the men using her suffered from an STD.&nbsp; Yet despite her worry she was getting more and more turned on as her holes were used over and over again for god knew how many men&#8217;s pleasure.&nbsp; It had been something of a fantasy for her to be used like an object for men and even women&#8217;s pleasure but she had never thought it would come to anything as she had taken her vows she had made on her wedding day very seriously.&nbsp; She loved the feeling of each cock pumping their load into her pussy she had never felt so dirty and so alive at the sametime.&nbsp; 
She loved the feeling of the cum leaking out of her pussy and running down her thighs though she longed to be able to see it for herself.&nbsp; Having gotten used to it inside her it was easy for her to guess when Tim fucked her though she had been alarmed when he had suddenly withdrew his cock from her pussy and thrust it into her arse using the other men&#8217;s cum and her own juices as lubricant.&nbsp; It wasn&#8217;t often she allowed John access to her arse even though she did find sex that way just as pleasurable if not more.&nbsp; She moaned into her gag bringing pleasure to the man who was currently using her mouth as the vibrations travelled along his cock.&nbsp; The groans of Tim and the man in her mouth filled the clearing as they thrust harder and harder into her as their excitement grew.&nbsp; Caroline&#8217;s tongue felt so tired it had never worked so hard in all its life as it had for since this orgy had begun.&nbsp; Part of her longed for the blindfold not to have been put in place but then in a way it made it easier for her to cope with what was happening to her not seeing who they were.&nbsp; Of course part of the reason the blindfold was in place was so that she wouldn&#8217;t be aware of the video camera that Tim had set up to capture the event.&nbsp; 

Finally caroline felt the cock in her mouth spasm and soon felt the first splashes of hot cum soon followed by Tim&#8217;s cock filling up her rear passage.&nbsp; As waves of pleasure coursed through her tired body she struggled to swallow the load being deposited into her mouth but despite her best efforts some spilled out onto the ground beneath her as the cock was removed.&nbsp; By this time caroline really hoped that the event was coming to an end as she felt exhausted and all she wanted to do was curl up in a nice warm bed after a long hot shower to wash herself off.&nbsp; Her hopes were raised when the clamps were removed from her nipples along with the hoops that had held her over the trunk.&nbsp; She felt many eager hands help her to her feet and then to support her as she tried to walk out the cramp from being held in one place for so long.&nbsp; As she walked around she could feel the cum running out of her pussy down her legs and she wondered what she must look like?&nbsp; Of course she had no idea about the camera or that it was capturing exactly how she looked and it was also being made ready to catch the last act of the orgy.&nbsp; Caroline found herself being laid down on her back in what she guessed to be the centre of the clearing and then to her horror her wrists and ankles were taken by a hand until she was stretched out.&nbsp; Again the hoops were used to secure her wrists and ankles so that the men had full access to her body.&nbsp; She sensed the men standing around her though with the blindfold in place she was unable to see what they had in mind for her next.&nbsp; Unseen by her each man tried to cum over her once more and more then a few were able to including a very excited Tim so that her tits and belly and even her already cum filled pussy were coated with cum.. But then the men weren&#8217;t finished yet but first the blindfold was removed so that she could see what was coming and also for the first time the camera as well.&nbsp; There seemed so many men there caroline could hardly begin to count but then all thoughts of trying to were wiped from her mind as the first jets of piss hit her in the chest.&nbsp; Despite the gag she tried to scream out in protest but they turned to spluttering as someone aimed for her open mouth.&nbsp; As much as she tried not to she was forced to swallow some of the bitter tasting piss that man after man seemed to delight in aiming inside her mouth.&nbsp; By the time the men left the clearing having redressed and said their goodbyes it was a very soggy caroline they left behind.&nbsp; Having seen everyone off Tim shut down the camera and then went and released caroline from the hoops and helped her stand up.&nbsp; Not wanting to take her home in the state she was in Tim guided her to a part of the bank where she was able to lower herself into the water of the river and then with his help get herself out afterwards.&nbsp; 
The only thing he hadn&#8217;t counted on in all of his plans was the fact that caroline couldn&#8217;t swim and her fear of water.&nbsp; So with no other choice he had stripped off and aided her to wash herself off as best she could so at least she wouldn&#8217;t smell as bad as she had after her dousing from everyone.&nbsp; 

Steven meanwhile was watching all of this from some nearby bushes waiting for what he felt would be the best time to strike.&nbsp; Seeing them go into the water naked seemed as good a time as any so calmly and confident that no one else was around to disturb him he stepped out onto the path and headed towards the waters edge.&nbsp; Unfortunately for Steven he hadn&#8217;t been the hunter on this occasion he had been the hunted and the hunter seeing their prey step out into the open took great delight in using the large log they had picked up for this exact moment to hit him over the head and he fell to the ground unconscious with thoughts of what he was going to do to caroline still going through his head.

Tim and caroline had been shocked and afraid when they had seen Steven suddenly appear from the bushes next to the path that they needed to take to get back to the station as both of them were undressed and had no way of getting to their clothes before Steven could get to them.&nbsp;&nbsp; Though not as shocked as when gin had appeared as if by magic behind him and hit him over the head with a log.&nbsp; As quickly as they could they dried themselves at gin&#8217;s insistence and then packed everything up and set off for the station to begin their journey home.&nbsp; Despite trying to get an explanation out of her gin just reassured them she would explain all soon and begged them both to leave.&nbsp; As they turned the last corner before the clearing disappeared from sight for good caroline could of sworn that she saw someone else along side gin standing over the man that had tried to attack them but as the light was failing she couldn&#8217;t be totally sure.&nbsp; Still she was glad to be going home as John was due home and right now being with him was where she wanted to be so she could feel safe and secure.&nbsp; With this happy thought comforting her caroline happily got onto the train and even managed to not feel disgust and revulsion when it turned out that the same guard as earlier was still on.&nbsp; Visions of being in John&#8217;s arms in a very hot shower followed by some wild passion meant that she was able to block out what Tim and the guard were discussing even though she was aware her name was mentioned a few times.&nbsp; 

Getting off the train she had started walking so fast towards home even Tim was finding it hard to keep up with her but as she got to the entrance of the car park that led to her front door she slowed down so he could catch up with her.&nbsp; A little out of breath Tim stood opposite her and handed her a parcel and instructed her to open it once she was indoors and hang up the contents.&nbsp; He would give her further instructions in the morning when he arrived to pick her up.&nbsp; With a final good night Tim started walking in the direction of gin&#8217;s house as he wanted to find out who that guy was and how gin knew him.







Caroline meanwhile ran through the car park and up the stairs towards the front door.&nbsp; Her heart leapt with joy as she saw that the hall light was on meaning that John as promised was indeed home.&nbsp; Quickly she opened the door and dashed inside only pausing long enough to lose her coat before dashing into the bedroom where she stripped off before wrapping herself in her bathrobe. Once decent she went into the front room and threw herself into John&#8217;s lap and snuggled into his out stretched arms.&nbsp; For as long as she could she stayed that way until finally she dragged him off to the bathroom and after undressing him, into the shower and then into bed for a long over due catch up.&nbsp; Later on as John was on the phone ordering dinner caroline opened the package and hung it in the wardrobe as ordered only briefly noting that it looked like a uniform like the conductor had been wearing and then quickly got back into bed, before John noticed she had moved.&nbsp; For tonight at least she was with the man she loved and she intended to make up for as much lost time as possible even though she was sore from today.&nbsp; Later as she fell asleep happily cradled in John&#8217;s arms she couldn&#8217;t help but wonder who the strange man was and what he had to do with gin and how she had come to be there in the first place?&nbsp; Still she thought that&#8217;s something to ask another day and right now there was something she would much rather be doing and with that she gently rolled John onto his back and began to tease his cock back to life before straddling him.&nbsp; As his cock slid inside her caroline sighed in satisfaction and happiness and began to slowly ride him happy that she was in control for a change she delighted in teasing him long into the night before finally they fell asleep happy and contended.

















Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master John


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





