BDSM Library - Space Wars




Space Wars
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: On a planet being overrun by an alien invasion a squad of troops maintains a rear guard until they are overpowered and captured.  The captives are then packaged for transportation to an alien "processing" facility and an unknown fate that awaits.
Space Wars

By Ironclad

Part 1 of 5 - Capture

The battalion had been acting as rearguard to the remains of the command as they
endeavored to escape from the defeat outside the capital five days ago.  Food
and water were running low and ammunition was now being scavenged from discarded
equipment left behind from the main force.

After five days of fighting withdrawal the battalion was now reduced to little
more than a third of its original strength.  Lieutenant Ariadne Wehman was
Officer Commanding the 3rd company since Captain Overton had been vaporised by
an aerial mine in the morning.  Major Owen having being decapitated by a Chazon
Bladerunner outside the gates of the city the day the retreat started.  The
balance of the company had been reduced to Sergeant Major Jones, 3 other NCO's
and 35 other ranks, all tired beyond belief and suffering form shock at the pace
and fury of the defeat.

The feisty Lieutenant with the blonde bob commanded the respect necessary for
command in a tight situation like this. Standing just over five feet 3 inches
tall in her bare feet she was built to inspire with a body that was recorded in
her military file as  "Stats: 40-26-36 Bra Size: 34EE".  What she lacked in
height she made up for in attitude and stamina.

The company was well equipped by the standards of the rest of the retreating
force. Every soldier had their full issue of kit and equipment designed to
protect them from both the environment and the enemy.  Ariadne was equipped the
same as the other soldiers.  This included a silver spray painted on thermal
insulation covering her body from neck to wrists and ankles.  She was then
dressed in a finely webbed trauma resistant skin tight coverall consisting of
tiny sealed water filled tubes which in turn was covered by the standard
synthetic battle dress overalls.  Her kit was completed with a carbon fiber
armored vest and ballistic helmet, not to forget the belts, pouches and M87
Needle Rifle.

The company was dug in for the night outside a ruined school on the outskirts of
a small town guarding the right flanks of the Battalion.  Sentries had been
posted for the night and coffee brewed as those not on duty collapsed into a
welcome sleep.  With luck the battalion would reach the evacuation point at
Spaceport East the day after tomorrow and be evacuated away, as the planet could
clearly not be held against the force the Chazon's had deployed.

Through out the night sentries reported noises coming from the right flank. As
dawn approached, concerned that the enemy might be attempting to get around the
flank of the rearguard Ariande sent Sergeant Major Jones and five soldiers out
on a patrol to investigate.  All was quiet for 15 minutes and then the night was
penetrated by a single solitary scream.  High pitched and penetrating it chilled
those who heard it to the bone.  Surely nothing human could make that noise.

A few shouted commands and the company came to arms.  Soldiers shaking off sleep
grabbed their needle rifles and ran for their firing positions expecting the
enemy to appear at any moment.  Ariadne called for the Communications Operator
Corporal Westcott to grab a flare launcher and follow her as she ran to take up
position next to the sentry closest to where the patrol had departed from.

Eyes strained into the weak early morning light looking for movement. 
"Something's out there sir' said Private Chisnall.  "You can see movement in the
mist over there."

Ariadne strained and looked.  Sure enough there was something coming towards
them.  "Stand to arms" she called in warning to the company as she shouldered
her needle rifle and flicked the safety switch to automatic.  "Fire a flare" she
ordered Westcott.  The night turned into day as the flare exploded into life 100
meters ahead of their position.

"Shit, It's the Sarge!" exclaimed Chisnall.  Indeed it was, staggering towards
them, holding the stump of one arm across his chest he looked up.  "Look out
they're right be......." The warning dissolved into a scream as Jones' chest
exploded from behind as a hail of needle projectiles ripped into him from
behind.   At the same moment 40 to 50 Chazon gunrunners burst from the tree line
behind Jones firing as they came at a rush towards the position.

Ariadne calmly told the other two "Fall back to the main position" and as one
they commenced to run the 50 meters back to where the main body of the Company
was located.  They ran like all hell was behind them, as indeed it was and even
as they dived for cover an accurate burst of fire cut Chisnall down.  As they
turned to look they could see that the initial rush of the enemy had been
stopped by the intensity of fire laid down from the remainder of the company.

At that moment a flare burst into light right above their position, someone
yelled, "cover".  Then the lights went out.

Ariadne pushed Westcott off herself and rolled over in a daze groping for her
weapon.  The remains of the first platoon were scattered around her in the
attitudes they had been thrown by the VapourAir mortar bomb blast.  The effect
was akin to a flash bang grenade used by anti-terrorist squads multiplied by a
factor of 20.  Westcott's body had shielded Ariadne otherwise she to would have
been out for the count.

As she staggered to her feet Ariadne could see the enemy troops closing in
rapidly. She turned and ran for the nearest cover, a doorway in the ruined
school.  As she dashed into it a needle trailing a gossamer thread of wire
smashed into the plastic frame and emitted a crack of energy.  "Shit, they've
switched to stun mode to take prisoners," she thought as she he dove for the
floor and then raised herself to look out of the shattered window.

The gunrunners were pouring into the position she had just left.  A few of her
troops were starting to move but every movement was greeted by a needle shot and
the energy crack that accompanied the 50,000 volt shock delivered to knock the
prisoner unconscious.

Ariadne started to move towards the back of the room looking for cover when with
a crash a VapourAir grenade smashed through one of the windows and hit the floor
near her feet.  In desperation she kicked out and the grenade rattled across the
floor towards the door only to explode right in the doorway.  The force of the
blast threw Ariadne off her feet and she hit the rear wall of the schoolroom
with a heavy thump.  The doorway had protected her from part of the explosion
and her body armor had provided some protection when she hit the wall, but she
still slid down the wall in a dazed state ever as the first of the gunrunners
burst through the doorway.

They came in hunched low and with their dual-purpose needle/ stun guns at the
ready.  Stunned and barely aware of what was happening Ariadne groped for her
rifle.  The two gunrunners were in no mood to mess about.  Their own commander
had been about to enter the doorway when the grenade went off and they were
rather pissed off at the effect the blast had had on him.  As soon as they saw
Ariadne move for her weapon they opened fire.

Ariadne felt the pain of simultaneous impacting needles briefly before she lost
consciousness.  The first tore through her sleeve and pinned her left forearm,
its velocity carrying it a good inch into her flesh.  The second hit her in the
upper thigh, again penetrating the soft tissue for nearly two inches before
stopping.  A split second later there was a flash as the two gunrunners
delivered their 50,000-volt shocks into the stunned Ariadne's body.  She was
flung back against the wall and crumpled to the floor still twitching form the
massive electrical charge.

Epilogue:

When she awoke the sun was high in the sky.  She had a headache of mammoth
proportions and couldn't move her arms or legs, it took a few moments to
remember where she was.

Ariadne was staked out on the open ground behind the school.  Her arms and legs
were spread-eagled wide and manacled to four pegs secured in the ground and a
plasteel collar was mounted around her neck.  Looking to her left and right she
could see four of her soldier were likewise staked out, Tina and Corporal Debbie
on her left, Linsey and Roxanne on her right.  Also off to the right two more of
her soldiers, both male were secured to the side of the school building
spread-eagled in a vertical position.  All had been stripped of their weapons
and body armor and the slashed remains of their combat overalls were in an
untidy pile some feet away.

Lifting her head Ariadne could see that she also had been stripped of her
equipment.  All she was left with was the silver thermal paint insulation, the
webbed skin tight coverall... and the manacles and collar.




Part 2 of 5 - Transport



The red sun blazed down on the captives. The roof of the building sheltered the
two men manacled to the wall, but for the five women there was no shelter from
the sun's rays.

From her position, staked out and exposed, Ariadne had her first good look at
the Chazon gunrunners.  They were about the same height as humans but much
bulkier, like someone on an overdose of steroids.  They wore trousers and boots
but their upper bodies were bare.  They had human heads and their exposed bodies
were a mix of human colored flesh on the upper arm, shoulders and upper chest
but appeared to consist of dark green shiny, bony plates on the rest of their
bodies.  Their lower left arm ended in a double-barreled combined Needle Rifle/
Stun Gun with a pincer mounted beneath the short barrels.

As she watched half a dozen gunrunners were carrying long transparent tubes and
stacking them by the schoolhouse.  Each tube was some two and a half meters long
and one meter in diameter and had several plug like fittings scattered around
its outside.

Two more gunrunners appeared carrying what can be best described as ball gags
and started to fit them to the girls staked out in the yard starting with Tina
and Debbie. Struggle though they did the manacles held them firm while the ball
gags were inserted and the straps tightened behind their heads. 

When he had finished with Debbie one of the Gunrunners moved across to Ariadne
and knelt next to her head. Roughly he grabbed the blonde's hair with his
left-hand pincer and jerked her head up.  At the same time his right hand rammed
the ball firmly into Ariadne's mouth, she tried to push it out with her tongue
but the Gunrunner was already pulling the straps tight around the back of her
head.

Linsey and Roxanne were next and at the same time another Gunrunner gagged up
the two male soldiers on the wall.

Another of the aliens now approached; this one carrying a vicious looking curved
bladed knife.  He knelt down between Ariadne's widely splayed legs and lowered
the knife towards her unprotected vagina.  His pincer then grabbed the web suit
and the knife descended and cut through the flimsy suit like a scalpel through
butter.  The Alien sliced the suit from Ariadne's groin to the collar and then
cut down both legs and her arms.  The suit fell away leaving her shapely body
now totally exposed with only the a silver spray painted on thermal insulation
as protection.

Within five minutes all the captives had been stripped in the same way.

At this point a hover platform arrived. It had a flat bed back on which was
located a machine with lots of tubes and wire protruding from it along with
eight sets of cradles.  These were located four on each side and looked to be
made to hold the transparent tubes that had arrived earlier.

Two of the Aliens now proceeded to carry one of the tubes around to the back of
the hover platform while another two went over to the two men on the wall. 
Straining as she might Ariadne could not see what they did, but one of the men
slumped forward as he was released from his manacles and the caught by an alien
who then carried him over his shoulder around to the back of the platform.

Fifteen minutes later the second man was also removed and about fifteen minutes
after that they came for the first of the girls.

They started with Tina and this time Ariadne could see exactly what they were
doing.  The first alien knelt down and grabbed at Tina's round left breast with
his right hand.  He squeezed tight until the small brown nipple was standing
proud and then with a swift movement of his left pincer jabbed a long hypodermic
needle right into the tip of the nipple until it was about two inches into
Tina's breast flesh.  The girl's body arched upwards and then collapsed. The
manacles were released and she to was picked up and carried around behind the
hover platform.

Next to go was Corporal Debbie and fifteen minutes later they came for Ariadne.

A rough hand grabbed her breast just below the nipple and squeezed hard.  In
spite of her fear Ariadne found the experience and threat of the needle somewhat
erotic and her nipple stood very erect very quickly.  The pain of the needle
entering her body was exquisite as the needle thrust right into the centre of
the erect nipple and plunged into the large breast.  She felt a shot of warmth
from the liquid the needle expelled into her breast and then felt a single shock
wave raced through her body as her muscles went limp.  She could not move a
finger and yet she could still feel every nerve in her body and was conscious of
everything happening around her.  With a twist of its wrist the alien detached
the body from the hypodermic leaving the needle behind firmly embedded in the
young Lieutenants nipple.

She felt herself being picked up and then thrown over a rough shoulder.  The
Alien carried her over to the near side of the hover platform where a
transparent tube was already waiting for her.  The tube had been split in half
along its length and its lid was open with the bottom being half full of what
looked and felt like silicone.  As Ariadne was lowered into it to lie on her
back, with her arms laid out above her head and her legs slightly separated so
that she resembled an upside down Y, the liquid oozed up to half envelop her
body.

One of the Chazon now leaned over her and hissed at her "You are being prepared
for transportation to a processing center.  For this you will be maintained in a
state of conscious immobility so that your body will function and can be
properly monitored to ensure that you are fit for processing on arrival"

Another Chazon now appeared carrying a collection of colored hoses with various
silver attachments on their ends. "Due to the primitive nature of your
nutritional system we will first connect you to the waste disposal unit prior to
activating the life support unit"

The aliens held up a 25mm diameter black hose with a 250mm long perforated
bullet shaped attachment on the end.  "Once inserted the end of this will expand
to three times its current size to ensure a proper fit." Hissed the alien as it
leant forward and reached down between her legs.

Ariadne could not see what they were doing but soon felt the end of the hose
press against her tight little anus. A slight pressure and the thing slid easily
into the virgin orifice then with a snap and a click the other end of the hose
was attached to a plug fitting at the foot of the tube.  Another click and there
was the uncomfortable feeling of the end expanding inside her anal passage.

Another black hose was produced only this one also had a 250mm long attachment
only with a bulbous head and perforations down the length of its shaft.  The
alien held the attachment up and twisted its base.  Ariadne's eyes nearly popped
out of their sockets in horror as six fine needles snapped out around the
circumference of the bulbous end.  "Good the locking system works on this one"
it hissed as it bent over to insert the wicked thing between Ariadne's legs.

She felt the end of the probe as it entered her tight little vagina.  The alien
pushed hard until the end was resting against her cervix, he then gave it one
more push as he twisted its base activating the locking system. The pain was
intense as the six small needles stabbed into the inner wall of her vagina.
Ariadne screamed, but the gag permitted no noise to escape her lips and the end
of the tube was attached to its socket in the bottom of the container.

As she whimpered in silence another tube, this one green was produced with a
catheter on the end.  This was inserted into a one way valve in Ariadne's ball
gag and pushed down her throat.  "That's the nutrition hissed the Chazon, now
for the air supply"

Another green tube with a double catheter and clip arrangement was produced and
inserted into Ariadne's nostrils.  After being inserted for some 150mm the clip
was applied locking the arrangement to her nose.  The ends of the green tubes
were then attached to plugs at the top end of the container and a small set of
clear goggles was produced to cover her eyes.

Now a handful of thin yellow tubes was produced. "These will monitor your life
support functions and administer either sedatives or adrenaline via sexual
stimulation as required to keep you in some degree of stability while being
transported."

First a tube with a small socket was attached to the needle remaining embedded
in Ariadne's left tit. "That's the sedative line pass the monitor" hissed an
alien voice.

Another needle was produced and the same procedure as previously applied. First
the rough squeezing of Ariadne's right breast followed by the merciless thrust
of the long needle right into the center of the erect nipple and deep into the
breast tissue.

Finally the last tube was produced along with a piercing gun.  Ariadne felt
fingers peeling back her clitoral hood and the cold end of the piercing gun
being applied to the base of her clit.  A short sharp shock and she was pierced. 
A set of small metal rings was produced and after a couple of attempts one the
right size to fit the circumference of Ariadne's clit fitted around the base of
the nub and a pin inserted through the piercing to hold it in place.  The last
tube was placed over her erect clit and with slight slurp of suction it sucked
the little bud into its open end. Then with a half twist the fitting was locked
onto the ring at the base of her clitoris and with that they were finished.



"Right close this one up." was the command.



Two Chazon lifted the lid of the container and placed it on the base.  A large
blue hose was attached to a socket in the centre of the lid and with the turn of
a handle more of the silicone mix started to enter the now sealed tube.

Ariadne could not move a single muscle, but she could feel the warm glutinous
silicone pouring into her tube and flooding over her body.  Within five minutes
it was complete.  She could still see out through a green haze of silicone and
the wall of the tube, but could hear and feel nothing.  That was until they
lifted her tube onto the hover platform and activated the monitor unit.

She felt a tingle deep in her right breast as the monitor probe activated.  This
was followed by the sensation of her clitoris being gently sucked deeper into
its tube then slowly released, then sucked in once more.

The long journey to the processing center had begun and it would be a very long
journey.




Part 3 of 5 - Examination

The hold was opened and the first of the hover platforms was being unloaded.  At
the end of the unloading platform two small droids were applying bar codes to
each of the four tubes on either side of the hover platform as they went past.

The code in each case recorded the date of arrival, the ship, platform and tube
itself.  Thus the code appended to the fifth tube on the sixteenth hover
platform unloaded were 34241201-475-165.

Inside that tube the earthling known as Lieutenant Ariadne Wehman looked out at
the surroundings through the green murky haze of the silicone that held her in
place for transit and thought "what now?"

The hover platforms moved off under their own power and headed down into a
tunnel.  Apparently they were either preprogrammed or remote controlled. After
about 500 meters they turned off into one of a series of storerooms, drove up
hard against the wall and stopped.  Another two platforms arrived and as the
last one stopped the lights went out.

After seven weeks of transit time in the hold of the space ship the captives had
lost all sense of time.  How long they remained in the storeroom in their
silicone tube capsules they had no way of knowing. Twice lights came on for long
enough for a platform to start up and leave the room.  The third time this
occurred Ariadne's platform was the one to move.

The platform traveled down a series of tunnels and finished its journey in a
large circular room filled with machinery, tables, several droids as well as
half a dozen Chazon.  These were not however gunrunners.  These Chazon looked
similar but were taller, thinner and lacked the bony plates. Instead of a gun
fitting on the lower left arm there was a metallic hand with long sharp fingers
of twice the normal length.  Around the hand there floated several thin metal
tentacles, maybe 3 or 4 millimeters in diameter with various fittings on the
ends.  None of this looked friendly enough to encourage any degree of proximity
let alone a handshake or bodily contact!

One by one the captives were removed from their capsules with Ariadne being
fifth in turn. Two of the Chazon handled this operation.

She felt a shot of warmth as the needle in her left nipple expelled an extra
dose of sedative into her breast. A hose was connected to the bottom of the
capsule and another to the plug where the silicone had been pumped in.  There
was a hum of machinery and the silicone was flushed out as a chemical wash was
pumped in and then drained in turn.  At the same time Ariadne experienced the
warm feeling of a chemical wash being flushed into her anus and vagina via the
"waste disposal" attachments.

The loading process was the more or less reversed.  First the Goggles, nose and
mouth catheters were removed.  Next the anal plug was reduced in size and
removed and with a twist of its base the locking pins retracted and the vaginal
fitting was also slid out of the moist bed it had occupied for so long.  Ariadne
could not help thinking how good it felt to have the intrusions removed from her
body, though she could not help but wonder what permanent damage may have been
done and whether or not her once tight little pussy and anus would ever tighten
up again!

They would.

Next the suction tube was removed from her clitoris, which, though she could not
see it had trebled in size from the 2 months of exercise and stimulation it had
received.  When she saw it later she would wonder if it would ever return to its
original size and be a cute little bud tucked neatly away behind its hood?

It wouldn't.



Finally the needles were removed from her nipples which had doubled in size due
to the effect of the chemical introduced to her body. Again this was a permanent
side effect of the transport process.

Finally only the ball gag, neck and clitoris collars remained and they were not
removed but left firmly in place. Indeed the growth of Ariadne's clitoris meant
that its collar was so tight around its base that it would require surgery to
remove it and that was not part of the Chazon processing program.

Also, The effect of the chemical wash had removed the silver thermal coating so
Ariadne now found herself for the first time totally naked in the presence of
her captors.

Two droids now took over and lifted Ariadne from her capsule onto one of eight
large x shaped table that were spaced at equal distances around the
circumference of the room.  Wrist and ankle straps secured her and then two
worktables were wheeled into place on either side of the examination table. Each
had a tall tower on it that was equipped with a myriad of attachments and
instruments on the ends of long thin metallic tubes and wires.

The Chazon now took over from the droids and the examination commenced.  First
nearly two hundred fine wires were attached to Ariadne's body using acupuncture
type pins.  These were attached to her arms, hands, feet and legs. Several were
inserted into the top of her head.  Then they inserted more needles into her
body, breasts and genitals. The needles were clustered thickest in the most
sensitive spots on her body. Hands and Feet had received more than their fair
share while her breasts looked like porcupines with some 25 needles in each with
a concentration around her nipples.  Likewise some twenty were inserted into
Ariadne's Labia and even one into the end of her clit.

One of the Chazon faced her and spoke out loud. "Welcome to the processing
center captive 165."  "This is the examination center where your motor functions
and reactions will be tested to determine what category of processing you are
suitable for. In the event that the initial motor tests are inadequate you will
be assigned for category three processing immediately.""

He paused then continued "If the results are favorable you will then be measured
up for suitability for category one processing. If determined inadequate you
will be assigned for Category two processing immediately."

"In the event that prove to be potentially suitable for processing you will be
further assessed in a practical environment prior to being confirmed for
immediate Category one processing."

Even as she attempted to digest what this all meant Ariadne's body was racked by
electrical impulses. Her back arched and she strained against the straps that
restrained her wrists and ankles but she was firmly held.

This part of the investigation continued for nearly two hours.  The electrical
waves varied. Sometimes all two hundred pins activated at once, sometimes the
current traveled in waves.  It might start at her feet and run to the top of her
body or vice versa. Sometimes it would start in her arms and run across her
body. Other times it would start in her breasts or genitals and radiate out.

All the time banks of computers were recording all that happened.  Every tweak
of every muscle was recorded along with what result was generated by each
different charge.  By the end of two hours a complete diagnosis of Ariadne's
motor and muscular functions, reaction and reflexes resided in the computer
database.

With the last huge zap delivered to tender breasts Ariadne collapsed back onto
the table.  With a metallic voice the computer announced " processing....
processing.... processing.... processing.... object 34241201-475-165 categorised
suitable specimen for category one or two processing."

The needles were removed and Ariadne was left to lie in peace while the remained
of the captives from her hover platform were examined.

Private Linsey Woods had been the company clerk.  She was fit and strong but had
always been less coordinated that the rest of her buddies.  The tall lean
brunette girl had been given the role of clerk because of this and had been the
butt of many friendly jokes over the months they had been together.  Seven of
the eight captives in the room were classified as "suitable specimen for
category one or two processing." In Linsey's case the verdict was different.

"object 34241201-475-166 categorised restricted to category three processing."

She was placed on a surgical type trolley and removed from the room immediately.

The stage two examinations now commenced for the seven remaining captives. As
Ariadne lay restrained on her X shaped table two Chazon walked around the table
inspecting her. Though she couldn't understand them the conversation they had in
their native language went something like this.

Chazon #1 "Good specimen, fit, and healthy."

Chazon #2 "Yes, bit short though. What do you think?"

Chazon #1 "Yeah, I agree, But those Orbs might be useful, they're damn big by
human standards!"

Chazon #2 "Hmm, Interesting organs those, apparently some sort of un-evolved
feeding device for off spring"

Chazon #1 "You shit me!?"

Chazon #2 "I shit you not.  Heard it for my brother on Capricorn Nine.  They
took a whole community prisoner and he saw it with his own eyes.  Their females
feed their young just like a Boordang Beast does on a farm in the country."

Chazon #1 "Well bugger me"

Chazon #2 "Yep, well at least they serve a useful purpose in providing all that
additional internal load carrying space, better that a bolt on back pack!"

Chazon #1 "Reckon this specimen could pack quite a load with those two.  Hey,
lets get on with it or we'll miss tonight's Fozeball game."

They started with the laser calipers took key measurements of Ariadne's limbs. 
They next conducted a laser scan of her body and matched it with the caliper
results to calibrate the scanner.  The table was tilted to a vertical position
and the interest the aliens took in her ample breasts surprised her.  The poked
and prodded and took multiple caliper measurements. Her nipples were pulled and
extended and they even turned the table upside and onto its side down to measure
how her breasts moved with the effects of gravity.

Ariadne had always been proud of her breasts and found the handling and fondling
quite a turn on.  It spoilt the whole effect however when the aliens brought out
a particularly large set of calipers, which they applied to each breast in turn
while the table was upside down.  The beautiful breasts were hanging down and
each received a sizable electric shock as the aliens tested for flesh density
and total internal volume of each breast.

Using probes from the two towers the aliens next measured the dimensions of each
and every orifice on Ariadne's body. They started with her ears, used log
flexible probes on her nostrils and mouth.  Her lung capacity was measured by
clamping her nose and inflating her lungs with air via a tube attached to the
ball gag. Her vagina and anus were treated to larger probes that expanded to
completely fill the cavity and then kept expanding until her ultimate capacity
for each passageway had been determined.  Another probe was inserted into her
anus that passed right up into her bowl and expanded in there to confirm its
maximum capacity as well.

Finally a complicated double probe was inserted into Ariadne's vagina and up
into her womb with a small attachment that fitted onto her clit collar.  Over a
period of 15 minutes this simulated her clitoris and dilated her cervix to its
maximum while again expanding inside her to confirm the maximum capacity her
womb could tolerate without permanent damage.

Again all the data was loaded into the computer and the results were to hand
even as the aliens were deflating and extracting the cervical expander. "Object
34241201-475-165 categorised suitable specimen for category one or two
processing pending practical testing."

The computer also generated a small plastic tag with a sticky back that was then
affixed to the front of Ariadne's neck collar. Although she could not see it,
and would not have been able to read it in the event that she could see it, the
collar label stated in the Chazon script:-

34241201-475-165

Processing Category 1B

Height 25.4, Head 8.4, Neck 5.2, Arm 7.0, Chest 12.0, Breasts 16.0, Waist 10.4,
Hips 14.4, Leg 12.4.

Internal organs pass, Orifices pass, Upper body mass pass-excellent,

Specimen suitable all aspects for processing Categories 2&3.

Failed Height for Category 1: Upper body mass warrants exemption.

Specimen Approved for processing in any category.



Chazon #2 "Told you she was a bit on the short side"

Chazon #1 "Yeah you did, But I was right about those Orbs.  Looks like they
impressed the computer too!."

Chazon #3 "Hey cut the yak and get on with it.  If we get the monitoring gear
installed we can get out of here for the night"

The monitoring gear consisted of transmitters built into small metal rings
suitable to be attached to the body.  They would capture everything from brain
wave patterns and blood pressure to adrenaline levels and respiratory
performance and transmit it over a short distance to the main monitoring
computer.

The two Chazon used the stiletto fingers on their left hands to perform the
piercing.  First Brain wave transmitters were inserted into the lobes each of
Ariadne's ears.  Next her left nipple was stretched and pierced near the base
for a blood rate and pressure monitoring ring and the right nipple pierced for a
respiratory monitoring ring. Following the nipples her belly button was pierced
and a ring inserted to monitor gastric activity.

Finally a series of piercing was made in her labia and one in her clitoris hood.
Each labia minora was pierced for one adrenaline monitor and back up blood
pressure monitor and a sexual stimulation monitor.  The ring inserted in
Ariadne's clit hood however was different.  It was no a transmitter but a
receiver though its purpose was something she would not find out about for a
while yet.



Ariadne's table was now tilted to the vertical and wheeled into a storage
cupboard in the wall.  The Chazon the locked up the other captives and the
examination room door and went home to watch the Fozeball game on broadband.




Part 4 of 5 - The "Practical Test"



The examination of captives from platform 16 had been completed.  Tina and
Raymond had failed stage two.  Both like Ariadne were too short, but unlike her
did not have the redeeming feature of oversized upper body mass to compensate. 
They were allocated to category two processing immediately the examination
centre was opened in the morning.  Linsey of course had already been allocated
for category three processing the day before.

The only identifying difference in categories obvious to the five left behind
was that whereas Linsey had been taken away on a surgical trolley the other two
were wheeled out still secured to their X frame tables. Shortly after this the
five were given injections that put them to sleep.

Debbie and Ariadne woke to find themselves in the centre of a circular green
floor some 12 meters in diameter with a green floor that was surrounded by
thick, still undergrowth up to five meters tall. On either side was a tall,
smooth one meter diameter white column about two meters in from the undergrowth.
In the centre of the floor was a one meter diameter white circle that the girls
lay on. There was no sign of walls but there was a mirrored ceiling about 10
meters above the floor.  A single bright spotlight illuminated both the center
of the arena and the two girls who both glistened with the reflection of the
light off their heavily oiled naked bodies.

As they examined their surroundings a metallic voice suddenly boomed out from
somewhere overhead. "This is the practical testing chamber and here you will
undergo your final test to determine the most suitable categorisation for your
processing."

"The organism surrounding the arena is a pheromone feeder ground creeper. As you
will discover it is attracted to certain pheromones that are contained in the
coating applied to your bodies."  The voice continued "Once the test arena
lights are activated it will wake and seek to feed. It moves slowly, about three
of your earth meters per hour"

At this point the center white patch started to glow purple and the voice
continued. "The only safe spot is in the white zone, Therefore you must fight to
see if you can stay in the safe zone".

The speech ended and the whole roof lit up with bright illumination. As the
lights came on there was an immediate reaction in the undergrowth that started
to rustle with individual branches and leaves weaving and waving about as if
searching for something.

The girls looked at each other and knelt together in the center of the white
zone. They stayed still in the center of the room for nearly half an hour with
only the rustle of the slowly approaching undergrowth to keep them company.  The
two girls held each other for comfort and talked quietly about their
predicament. There had to be a catch, they could both fit in the safe zone, so,
what did they have to fight? 

All the while the rings that had been inserted transmitted data back to the
categorisation computer.

Suddenly there was a mechanical whirring noise and the girls looked up to see
one of the columns was disappearing into the floor.  As it retracted they could
see that it was hollow ... and occupied.  They heard another noise behind them
and looked to see the second column was also disappearing.

The things that occupied the hollow columns had apparently once been human
males.  They were of human height but their bodies had grown out of proportion,
like one of those action movie stars on a steroid overdose and then plus some!
The man-things were covered in hair and from each of their groins hung an over
large penis that looked like it had received a complete steroid dose all of its
own!  The man-things glistened with oil as heavily applied to them as it was on
the two girls and as the latter looked on the man-things heads lifted up
groggily and shook as if waking from a deep sleep.

The two things looked up and around.  Their gaze took in the undergrowth and
registered its movement. They were concerned.  The saw each other and they were
still concerned about the undergrowth.  They then saw the two girls and forgot
about the undergrowth as their enhanced basic urges took hold.  Debbie and
Ariadne saw all this and while they didn't recognise any expression on the faces
of the two things, there was no mistaking the physical reaction that occurred
when the man-things stared at the girls

The man-things started to move, slightly clumsy they fixed their eyes on the two
girls and slowly started to circle their prey.  The girls stood back to slippery
back and faced the man-things, turning slowly but not wanting the things to come
any closer.  After half a circuit the man-things started to slowly move closer
to the center of the arena.  Eyes never leaving the girls, penis's enlarging to
unbelievable length and girth they started to slowly move closer to their prey.

The Man-thing nearest Ariadne moved first. For something so large that appeared
slow its speed took her by surprise.  Hands reached out and groped for her
breasts as the beast moved in. Thanks to a combination of quick reactions, short
stature and the slippery oil, Ariadne was able to duck under the man-things arm
and get past it.

Debbie, however was not so lucky.  Distracted by the movement behind her she
looked over her shoulder to see what was happening. The man-thing in front of
her sized its opportunity and lunged forward to grasp her in a bear hug as its
height and weight bore her 5 foot 8 inch frame to the ground with a slippery
thump.

The first beast had by now turned and was stalking Ariadne who was slowly
backing up and keeping a wary eye on the thing. However she was not looking
behind her and as she got within half a meter of the undergrowth several vines
shot out. One licked towards her butt cheeks, another appeared to be heading for
her groin and a third made a grab for her right ankle which caused her to
stumble.

The man-thing saw this and lunged forward to grab her, One large hand managed to
grab her right breast but again she was lucky. The proximity of the undergrowth
must have caused the man-thing to be slightly hesitant and Ariadne was able to
recover and again duck out of the way.  A combination of oil and her soft breast
foiled the grip of the man beast and Ariadne rolled away again.

As she came back up to her feet Ariadne could see that Debbie was in some
difficulty.  The man-thing that had grabbed her had her pinned on her back with
one large hand restraining her hands above her head.  The other had managed to
push her legs apart and it was now attempting to insert its over large erect
penis into her vagina!

Ariadne didn't hesitate but raced to he friends aid.  She grabbed the man-thing
by the shoulder and tried to pull him off Debbie but was unsuccessful.  She
raised her right arm to deliver a solid punch to the side of its head only to be
stopped as a large hand grabbed her wrist from behind.

The man-thing twisted her around and delivered a solid whack against her chin
with its free hand. She was thrown to the ground by the beast, which then threw
itself down on top of her. Ariadne found herself pinned with a large hand
restraining her hands and another cruelly squeezing her left breast.  The
man-thing used its weight and strength to push her legs apart and although she
fought hard to prevent it, the oil now worked against her as the man-thing was
able to slide in first one large thigh and then the other between her shapely
legs forcing them apart.

Then after letting her breast go long just enough to position the head of its
penis between her pierced labia it thrust its hips forward.



The observing Chazon let the man-beasts rape the two girls for nearly an hour
before extracting them from the arena by teleporter. The two exhausted girls
were left sprawled on the floor, where the pheromone feeder ground creeper would
soon take over the work begun by the man-beasts and pump both girls for all the
pheromone it could extract in the course of a single night.



In the monitoring center the computer had completed its assessment of the days
events.

"object 34241201-475-165 categorised suitable for category one processing."

"object 34241201-475-164 categorised restricted to category two processing."



Examination Epilogue

The others never saw Linsey again.  She had been removed to a medical school
surgery where over the next week Chazon medical students experimented with her
to determine the extremes that their enemy's bodies could accommodate.  Students
from various medical disciplines tested Linsey's resistance to extremes of heat,
cold and of lows and highs in atmospheric pressure, reaction to pain and
stimulation. All in all, a bewildering range of tests were conducted with an
even more bewildering range of instruments, many wickedly hooked and sharp.

Some students focused their experiments on specific parts of Linsey's body while
others subjected her whole body to tests. All her orifices were subjected to
capacity testing with the same probes as previously used, only this time the
safety switches that restricted damage to the subject were switched off. At
various times through the week her limbs, breasts and stomach and genitals were
surgically incised to examine what the internal effects of such extremes were.

The last students to have their turn with Linsey's body were those from the
school of vivisection.  These took most of her last day to complete their
detailed cross sectional study of Linsey's body. It was quite a struggle to keep
the girl alive so that they could examine working parts not dead ones, but they
were successful.

It is a testament to the advanced nature of Chazon medical research that Linsey
survived for a week, treatment that on Earth would have killed any person within
half a day.  The tragedy for Linsey was that the Chazon's low regard for human
life forms meant that they did not see the need to use painkillers in what they
regarded as animal research.

To be continued in part 5 - Processing




Part 5 of 5 - Processing



Part 5.1 - Processing Debbie

"Object 34241201-475-164 categorised restricted to category two processing."

The metallic voice of the computer cracked over the surgery P.A system. It
continued, "On completion of processing to equip object as a embryo production
unit object will be assigned to farm 14D for activation."

Debbie shivered in fear.  Secured to the X shaped operating table and severely
gagged with a ball she could do little else.  A Chazon surgeon leant over her
and started to explain what they were going to do to her. "You are to be
prepared for servicing by the Category Two males that you have already met in
the arena."

The Chazon then selected a hooked scalpel from his tool table and as Debbie
looked on in abject horror he commenced to slice open her abdomen. His assistant
then brought over the evisceration hooks and working as a team they removed her
stomach and bowel. These they replaced with artificial organs designed to
improve processing of nutrition and recycle waste.  Before they sewed her up the
Chazon inserted a waste disposal tube into her tight little anus and connected
it to the recycling "bowel" to handle overflow.

The next part of the operation involved the use of a circular ring attached to
an overhead arm by three metal-coated cables. This was lowered over each of
Debbie's breasts in turn and carefully positioned prior to activation.  Once in
place a switch was pressed and eight large needles slowly penetrated Debbie's
large soft breasts and once embedded 5 cm into the soft flesh they commenced to
dispense a large dose of growth enhancing hormones.

Over the 15 minutes that it took to treat each breast, the Chazon affixed a
titanium ring at the base of each of her dark brown nipples and secured it to
the breast with a series of titanium staples.  The rings were equipped with snap
fittings that were a larger version of the one already fitted to the base of the
girls swollen clitoris.

The Chazon then wheeled out a small X shaped table, much like the one Debbie was
on, only padded with soft leather and with arms only half as long as those on
the operating table. With what passed for a grin the Chazon supervising surgeon
told her "We will now size you up for you new bed". Debbie wondered what this
meant and then, as she saw the various cutting instruments and bone saws the
Chazon produced from the tool table next to the operating table, she screamed
loudly within the silent restraint of the ball gag.

With her legs removed at her knees and her arms at the elbows, Debbie was in a
sorry and hysterical state. In her dazed state the Chazon at long last seemed to
demonstrate pity as he leant over her and asked "Would you like to know no more
about this?"  The pitiful and pretty girl nodded her head vigorously with a
pleading look in her eyes. She realised her mistake when the Chazon moved the
bone saw down towards the top of her head and she felt the sharp bite of the
first incision of the lobotomy occur

After a week in recovery the once pretty and now mindless thing that had been
Debbie was transferred to farm 14D.  During that week her breasts had tripled in
size and started to produce milk at a rate that required her to be connected to
a milking unit twice a day.  This was done via tubes with suction cups that
clipped onto the rings implanted around the base of her nipples.

Once her wheeled X shaped bed was installed in it's cubical within the farm
complex, Debbie was connected up to the life support unit. An automatic feeder
attached a tube to her gag four times a day to provide the necessary nutritional
intake that her body needed, while her anal tube was attached to the main waste
disposal unit via a connection in the floor. Like a battery hen the lighting was
controlled to condition her to a cycle of two six hour days and two six hour
nights per twenty-four hour day so that her metabolic rate and therefore egg
production speeded up.

Every six hours the automated milking machine relieved the pressure on her
swollen breasts, while at the same time it attached a suction tube to her
clitoris to ensure the stimulation required to maximise milk extraction. The
milk was transferred to the farms packaging plant, where it was processed into a
popular Chazon children's drink which was supplied to the market in any one of
four unique flavors.

The main purpose of the farm was however the production of eggs and embryos. To
this end Debbie was to be serviced by man-things for the six hours of "daytime"
twice every twenty-four hours. Once every two days the Chazon farmers visited
and harvested her eggs for processing. A few would be allowed to develop into
full grown humans for processing, some would be used for research and many would
be packaged and sold on the luxury goods market as a unique form of caviar that
the Chazon elite had acquired a taste for.

It all made no difference to Debbie, she was destined to spend the rest of her
short life adrift in the thoughtless world of her emptied mind. The void only
punctuated by the many regular bouts of extreme sexual stimulation which the
farm processes provided.

Part 5.2 of 5 -Processing Ariadne

"Object 34241201-475-165 categorised suitable for category one processing."

Ariadne heard the metallic voice of the computer continue. It continued, "On
completion of processing to equip object as a close combat unit object will be
re-categorised as a citizen class five and assigned to the 78th Assault
Regiment."

Ariadne was again secured to an X shaped operating table.  This one had two
fixed arms above it and a small table with its own arm stationed alongside the
arm of the "X" where her left arm was secured. The arm positioned above her and
to her left was equipped with half a dozen wicked looking attachments that
included various bone saw and scalpel fittings.  The second arm was positioned
above her and to her right and had a complicated set of fittings that included
several evisceration hooks, what looked like an adjustable "apple corer" and
what some sort of sewing machine needle arrangement with coils of filament fiber
optic cable attached to it.

The table to her side had its own arm equipped with a small bone saw, two
scalpels and a form of staple gun with titanium staples.  Resting on the table
was a prosthetic lower arm constructed from plasteel, though, instead of a hand,
the arm ended with a one-meter titanium combat blade. The blade had a short
needle gun barrel built in above it and a three-fingered pincer was positioned
on the end of the arm underneath it.

On another table situated on Ariadne's right hand side there was a range of
clear plastic containers of various sizes containing mechanical items. These
ranged from a small round orb table resembling a squash ball up to a football
shaped object about 20 cm long with tubes protruding from its surface.

One of the Chazon now addressed her. "Welcome to the processing workshop captive
165. You are one of the fortunate ones who has been selected as suitable
material to be come a citizen soldier of the Chazon Empire." This will entail
some degree of change to your body, but when we have finished you will have
vastly improved functionally though, with the exception of the integrated combat
equipment, you will be externally virtually unchanged from your current
appearance."

The Chazon indicated the table with the prosthetic arm and blade. "The close
combat attachment over there will replace your lower left arm." Ariadne followed
with her eyes as the surgeon moved across to the table and picked up the first
of several jars to show her the contents, in this case the squash ball. "We have
here a sonic scanner and targeting sensor that will replace your left eye. It
will be connected to the neural brain wave override implant (here he held up a
silver web arrangement shaped like a skull cap) which will be inserted under the
skin of your skull."

She would have screamed if she could have, but once again being fitted with a
ball gag Ariadne was unable to do anything more than squirm in horror and listen
in shocked silence.

The Chazon continued. "In terms of improving your ability to function in a wide
range of environments we will replace some of your more primitive organs with
artificial replicas of Chazon equivalents."  He now held up a large irregular
shaped object.  "This atmosphere filter will replace your right lung.  It will
enable you to function in a wide range of breathable environments, both gas and
liquid, that would otherwise be fatally toxic to your current organs."

Moving on to the football shaped object he held it up in his right hand while
also displaying a large sausage shaped floppy tube in his pincer.  "This
arrangement will replace your current digestive tract and bowel.  We have here a
state of the art nutrition extraction unit and waste recycling processor.  With
this you will be able to extract about twice the nutritional value you currently
obtain while consuming half the volume of food.  It will also enable you to
process anything that is biodegradable instead of the limited range of
foodstuffs you humans commonly feed on."

"Of course your breeding womb will no longer be required so we will remove it
and replace it with this." The Chazon surgeon picked up yet another container,
"here we have a control integration and tactical communications unit, this will
be connected to the other key fittings and your neural net by the fiber optic
filaments on that arm over there which the needle equipment will thread under
your skin."

"There will also be a fiber optic wire threaded internally to link with the
receiver ring implanted in what you call your clitoral hood. This will enable
remote instructions to be assimilated by you when they are transmitted from the
central command unit."

Moving along the surgeon now held up a pair of what resembled over large
silicone breast implants. "Here we have a sensor and targeting computer and a
nuclear battery pack.  The first will be implanted into your right breast, once
its internal tissue has been removed. This will also require the removal of your
nipple and its replacement with a microwave radar transmitter sensor." "The
battery pack will be incorporated into your left breast and then both units will
be linked into your system with fiber optic filaments."

"Finally we will fit the adrenaline stimulation equipment to facilitate
transportation in hyperspace." Ariadne recognised the type of fitting the Chazon
now held up. It was about 250mm long with a bulbous head and long shaft with a
base that, as the Chazon twisted it, caused six fine needles to snap out around
the circumference of the bulbous end. This fitting however had a small tube with
a fitting on the end that she could see would match up with the ring fitting
mounted at the base of her enlarged clitoris.

"Anyway" said the Chazon, "we had better get started or we'll be here all
night." With that he pulled the right hand arm across and pulled down the sharp
circular blade of the "apple corer" fitting. He carefully positioned it hard
around the areola of the nipple on Ariadne's right breast. As his foot depressed
the starter switch that activated the blade and he pressed the rotating blade
into the soft breast flesh the Chazon was whistling a tune, as only someone
happy in his work can do.



Epilogue

The company had been acting as advance guard to the battle group as they
advanced towards the capital.  The initial Chazon forces had been scattered in
the attack yesterday and the force was aiming to exploit their success before
the aliens could bring in fresh reinforcements.

Captain Jamie Forrester was company commander and was a man who maintained a
burning hatred for the enemy.  He had been a man processed since his fiancee,
who had been a serving officer in another battalion of the regiment had been
posted as "missing believed killed" soon after the Chazon had invaded the system
12 months earlier.  He was now leading the company in pursuit of a group of
retreating Chazon having driven then out of a small settlement towards a tree
line in the distance. "Skirmish order, fix blades, look out for the enemy" were
the instructions he issued into his Tactical Radio for the company.



As they approached the tree line the Chazon attacked, As the company moved
forward in extended order a mix of Chazon Bladerunners and Gunrunners about 100
strong charged out of the trees and swept into the advance guard.  The combat
rapidly dissolved into a series of viscous skirmishes between human and alien.

Jamie gathered his command squad closely about him and launched an immediate
counter attack against the center of the Chazon attack.  He knew that if they
could overthrow the close combat equipped Bladerunners then the Gunrunners would
be quickly broken. He yelled a battle cry and pushed his blade equipped M87 out
in front of his body and charged.

They cut into the Chazon line and killed several before a fresh wave of
attackers bore down on them.  As Jamie rallied the squad around him, one of the
Chazon broke away from the pack and made straight for him waving its blade arm
like a wild thing.

Jamie looked around and saw the thing racing towards him, he raised his rifle
but hesitated a moment, something was wrong here, the Chazon looked familiar.
Height? Shape? As it got closer he stared at its face.  It was twisted with hate
and yet looked familiar?

All at once it came to him and even as he cried out in horror "My god... its
Ariadne...!" the Bladerunner thrust its meter long blade through his neck and
cut his voice off forever.

Fin




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ironclad


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





