BDSM Library - The Self Realization of a Dog Slut




The Self Realization of a Dog Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Boy meets girl, and dog. Total surrender to humiliating sexual abuse. A man's deep sexual need for punishment and is fulfilled through total self abasement at the foot of a sadistic women and her dog.
The Self Realization of a Dog Slut

By usemyhead@hotmail.com

I have always wanted to be forced to fuck a dog. I have seen Mistress Sierra's
website and read her stories which have aroused me tremendously. I have
contacted her by e-mail and have arranged to meet her. I have told her that I
want to be completely humiliated and fucked by a dog for the first time in her
presence, and filmed.

I asked what I should wear to our first get together and I am told to come to
her door at night almost totally naked, just wearing ladies frilly underwear,
dressed like a whore, and to bring my drivers license for proof of my identity.
I arrive at her door in Reno, NV and knock, waiting very excitedly, holding my
drivers license in my hand. I am wearing only a flimsy baby-doll nightgown and
shear panties that have been cut through in the front with a razor. My large
erect cock and balls are obvious as they push up the cutaway part of my panties
sticking out in front of the nightgown. My cock is fully erect, hard and
throbbing. I have on high heels and look ridiculous.

She answers the door and through the half opened door looks me over and whispers
menacingly "you filthy dog sucking cunt" and stares at me. She then says, "Your
drivers license, you little whore".

"You know you look like such a whore," she says coyly as she reads my name and
address, "just right for my doggie" with a sarcastic twinkle in her eye, and
puts my license in her pocket.

She grabs my cock and twists it hard and with the other hand pulls me in the
front door of her house by my balls and slams the door shut. I trip over my
feet, doubled over in pain in her hallway, and she slaps me hard across the
face. Letting go of my balls, she slaps me to the floor, just inside the door.

"Now kneel there a minute fucker!" she screams, "let me get a good look at you".

This gives me a chance to look at her, too. She is wearing a miny dress, fishnet
stockings, a garter belt with no underwear and I can see her hairy pussy. She
notices I am looking intently at her pussy and touching my cock, so she smacks
me across the face and pulls me up by the hair and looks me in the eye, pulling
my head backwards and hurting me.

 "You want to eat me, fucker?" she says as she spits in my face. "You like my
pussy, I thought you liked dog cock?"

I can hardly get the words out, but in a trembling voice I say, " yes ma'am, I
like your pussy and dog cock very much".

"You will eat my asshole wimp!" "Clean me up, like toilet paper... lick the shit
out of my ass while my dog fucks you. "Hows' that"?

My cock is pounding as she lets go of my hair and turns around, lifts her leg
and shows me her dirty asshole, laughing sadistically as she looks back at me
over her shoulder.

"But first bitch, me and my doggie want to have some fun with you, now get back
on your knees and crawl into the living room with your ass in the air".

As I crawl in to the room I see a large black dog on a leash, he is looking at
me very excitedly.

"You like dogs?"

I say, "Yes ma'am".

"And he likes you too, I can tell".

She pulls me over to the dog by my hair, pushes my face to the floor and pulls
down my panties. I can feel the hot breath of the dog sniffing my asshole. She
orders me to keep my ass in the air then takes a belt and begins to beat me
hard. I stay motionless, and after 20 lashes my ass is very red and begins to
burn. She then spreads my ass cheeks open, inches from the dog's muzzle. The dog
begins to whimper and pulls excitedly on his chain. She twists me around by my
ear facing the dog and holds my head to the floor. She orders me to look up at
the dogs erect cock. She demands that I suck the dog's big red penis.

"Eat him, now", she yells viciously in my ear and bites into my ear lobe.

I crawl underneath and begin to nibble on the tip of the dogs cock and kiss it
sweetly, over and over, while licking it softly.

"He wants your cock honey, he wants to be your little bitch", she says to her
dog as she pets him, while I suck hard, managing to get his cock half way down
my throat.

The dog is now frantic with excitement as I suck and lick his cock and balls.

She bends down and whispers in my ear, I can see her hand under her dress
stroking her cunt "I am getting my camera now to take lots of pictures of your
sorry ass with a dog cock pounding your hole", she says, "I plan to make a major
use of you, and humiliate you good, fucker".

After licking the dog's cock I feel I can cum even without touching my cock. I
get back around and have my ass in the air anticipating the dog to start fucking
me. I start wiggling and moving my ass in front of him in grinding motions; he
begins licking my asshole.

When she returns with her camera I look imploringly at her and say breathlessly,
"Please make him fuck me good Mistress Sierra".

"Ok", she says, "my dog will fuck you good, but first, we are going to hang a
sign around your neck so we can take your bestiality pictures and let everyone
know what a filthy dog-slut you are".

She takes my driver's license out of her pocket and she prints my name carefully
on a large sign fitted with a string.

While she is preparing the sign that will hang around my neck she tells me, "Now
let me get this strait, you are going to let me take pictures of you with a dog
cock in your ass, full faced, with your name on this sign, correct?

I say, "Yes ma'am", ashamed but very aroused. She seems amused.

She continues in a loud sarcastic voice almost seething with contempt as she
walks back and forth in front of me in high heels, "I CAN'T BELIEVE what a
FILTHY FUCKING LITTLE WHORE YOU ARE! I have never seen a little cock sucker like
you want to fuck a dog this bad! But you will be a big hit on my website,
though, and get me lot's of traffic".

She hangs the sign around my neck with my name on it, and while I watch her set
up her camera, I am in ecstasy by the thought of being humiliated this way and I
start to rub my cock. Seeing this, she immediately lets the dog off his leash
and he quickly mounts me. As he is jabbing me, trying to get his cock in, she
straitens the sign around my neck, tells me to smile, and starts taking
pictures, walking around me aggressively. I love the feel of the dog's cock as
it slides around and over my throbbing asshole, and I look strait into the
camera with a look of excitement and shame, following her with my head and eyes
as she takes picture after picture from various perspectives.  All the while, I
am working hard on helping the dog to get his swollen cock in my aching ass,
turning and twisting my hips so he can screw me. She moves to my back, turns the
sign around my neck, and gets a good close-up picture of the dogs cock sliding
up the crack in my ass, I turn my head as far back around as I can so the
picture shows my face.

She tells me "The problem is whore, your ass is not spread wide enough. Get your
hands back there and spread your ass cheeks, you filthy dog fucking bitch"

Now with my asshole spread wide, I feel the dog's cock shoot in deeply and stay
in as she takes several more pictures and walks back around to face me. It
hurts, but I feel strangely satisfied.

As she moves in front of me, she pulls up her little skirt and starts to finger
herself just inches from my face. She tells me over and over what I fool I am
for letting her take pictures of me with my real name and how she will use it
against me if I don't do what she says from now on; she tells me that she now
controls me. She tells me the pictures clearly show my face, name, and a dog
cock in my spread ass. She asks me if I want the pictures posted on her website,
I answer, "yes ma'am".

Letting me know she is in control seems to excite her. She stops fingering her
pussy occasionally and orders me to kiss her clit, and each time I softly kiss
her swollen clit she has a little orgasm. After each wave of pleasure, she stops
and slaps me hard across the face, giggling. She asks me if I like the taste of
her pussy. Each time when I say, "yes ma'am, I do" she slaps me again, on the
other side of my face. Tears start to run from my eyes and my nose is bleeding.
My face is very red and starting to swell as the tears flow down; all the while
I am grunting and excitedly humping the dog hard, wanting to feel his cum in me,
so badly.

While I continue to get fucked, she turns around and kneels on her hands and
knees in front of me pushing her ass in my face.

As I position my face in her ass she says, " Keep your ass spread wide for my
dog, and start to lick and suck my ass hole, clean up every bit of shit you find
you sorry whimp".

I love the smell of her asshole and pussy as I gently lick all around her anus
darting my tongue in and out, caressing her anus with my lips, slurping up her
pussy juice, stopping now and then to lay soft passionate kisses inside the
crack of her ass, and on her ass hole. Then I start licking deep inside her
anus. All the while, I am helping the dog to fuck me, deeper and deeper; he is
humping me wildly.

The dog's cock is swollen in a knot and I am now his bitch as I lick, suck, and
make love to her asshole, kissing it, telling her I adore her as I strive to
penetrate her colon with my tongue. She has several orgasms as I tongue fuck her
ass and I am glad I am bringing her pleasure.

A sense that I have found my true identity comes over me. I know that I am happy
and satisfied being dressed as a worthless whore and licking the shit out of a
total stranger's ass hole.

Just then I feel the dog explode inside me, and hot wet dog cum spurts out my
asshole. I realize I was meant to be a filthy dog whore and have found my true
place in life, with shit and pussy juice dripping from my lips, and an animal's
cum dripping from my fucked ass.

Still tonguing her asshole, I reach down and grab my pounding cock. I jerk off
thinking how total strangers and maybe even people I know will see my complete
humiliation; my full face shot on her website, a picture of a dog's cock in my
ass, and my name for all to see. I orgasm heavily thinking of how the whole
world will see how much I like to suck assholes, in a pretty pink nightee, eat
shit and get fucked by a dog. And I have her to thank for releasing that little
dog-sucking whore I always knew was inside of me, just waiting to get out!!

After I am spent, she keeps me kneeling at her feet and informs me, while
smoking a cigarette, very matter of fact that she is going to use the pictures
she has taken to blackmail me. She used a Polaroid and spreads the pictures out
in front of me, explaining exactly how she will use them, and the captions she
will use under each picture. To further humiliate and punish me, she continues
to criticize and berate me for an hour. She interrogates me asking me how I felt
when I first tasted her shit, how I liked the taste of the dogs balls, would I
like to lick up the dogs cum. I have another erection and she orders me to beat
off licking up the dogs cum from the floor, while taking still more pictures of
me. Before I leave she has me sign a contract requiring me to report back once a
week for further punishment, and pay $200.00 for each humiliation session. She
makes me sign an agreement that I will suck and fuck any animal and eat the
asshole of any person that she so desires, anytime she desires. 

Very many people are excited by what they are seeing on her website each week,
and she arranges to rent me out for others to abuse. I become a full time dog
slut whore for persons from around the world vacationing with their pets in
Reno, NV, giving performances in real time through her online web TV, for her
amusement and profit. Privately, she continues to humiliate me night and day as
I eat the assholes of the men and women friends brought to me, no questions
asked.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Usemyhead


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





