BDSM Library - Rank Has Its Priveleges




Rank Has Its Priveleges
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Unemployed and out of work, a young woman must perform dictation.
Rank has its Privileges
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com


Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2003 Couture

***********


It was exciting to look at the young brunette 
applicant sitting in front of my desk, especially 
knowing what I knew about her.   The clothes were 
cheap polyester from one of those discount stores.  It 
was the same thing she wore at her interview, except 
she had on a different shirt.  She had a nice set of 
tits on her and she looked so sweet - so innocent.  

She sat with her legs crossed demurely, white knuckles 
were visible from her clasped hands, and her foot 
swung nervously.  Whenever she would unclasp her 
hands, it would be to push a stray brawn lock that 
never seemed to stay in place behind her ear.  She 
looked about my office as if to take it all in, rarely 
stopping to look me in the eye.  She was clearly 
nervous.  She had every right to be.

"Peggy, I think I am prepared to extend an offer of 
employment to you, but there is an irregularity on 
your application we must discuss first," I said.

Her green eyes got big as saucers and her eyes darted 
back and forth in a panic.  She gulped.  "Ah - what is 
that?"

"Well you see," I said.  "It has come to my attention 
that there are some - shall we call them 
irregularities that you didn't mention on your job 
application.  For instance, it asks on the second page 
if you have ever been convicted of a crime and you 
said no.  However, when I did a background check, it 
turns out you were convicted of shoplifting.  What did 
you do, think I wouldn't check?"

She tried unsuccessfully to blink back her tears.  
"Please," she said.  "I've tried being honest before.  
I don't even get an interview when they see that.  I 
was having a tough time in my life then and I've had 
counseling for the-the. . ."

"Stealing," I prompted her.

Her cheeks turned crimson.  "Yes.  And it won't ever 
happen again."  She shook her head as if to say, no 
way - no how - not me.

She was crying now - a nice cleansing cry, which was 
nice.  I find that women are so much easier to deal 
with after they've had a good cry.  Being the 
gentlemen I am, I opened my drawer and gave her a box 
of tissues.  

"Thanks," she said, wiping her nose and cheeks.

"This is good," I said.  "You and me talking like this 
. . . cutting through all the bullshit.  Because that 
is what it's going to take from here on out - 
*complete honesty*.  Do you think you can do that?  Be 
completely honest?"

"Yes."  The tears were already drying up.  She was 
still pretty even with the smudged makeup.

"How long have you been looking for a job?"

"A year and a half."

"How are you making ends meet?  Boyfriend or parents?"

"Parents."

"Are those the only suitable professional clothes you 
have?"

"Yes . . ."  She looked down and rubbed her hand over 
the shiny fabric as if to make it disappear.  "I'm 
sorry."

"Nothing to be sorry about," I said.  "Look, I'll be 
honest with you; the deck is stacked against you.  
Someone else can come in and do much less and get much 
more than you ever will, if you know what I mean.  
Take me for instance.  I'm five-six and was balding in 
high school.  Do you think I didn't have to claw, 
elbow, and backstab my way into this position?  Let me 
tell you.  I had to work five times as hard as I would 
if I were taller and more executive looking.  It was 
tempting to give up so many times, but I went the 
distance."

Her eyes shown.  The cry and maybe my speech probably 
had her feeling pretty positive right now.  She would 
need all the positivity she could manage.  

"So Peggy, let me ask you a question.  Are you willing 
to go the distance?"

"Yes sir."  She stuck her chest out proudly, giving me 
a glimpse of her luscious ivory breasts.  "Yes I am," 
she finished.

"Good.  You have some great things going for you that 
I never had.  For one thing you have big green eyes 
and a pair of sexy pouting lips.  Lips that . . . 
well, honestly, lips that men refer to as lips that 
were made for sucking."

The big green eyes shown with tears again, but they 
were still pretty.  The lips - the lips still made me 
hard as a rock.  She picked up her pleather portfolio 
from my desk and made to stand.

"Put that back Peggy and keep your seat.  We are 
talking honestly here.  Two adults.  You and me.  Now 
answer me a question.  Have you ever given a blowjob 
before?"

"Yes, but that was-was-was with my *boyfriend*."

"And he probably looked a lot better than me.  Well, 
I've given jobs to girls before.  Girls who were 
better qualified.  Girls who didn't have a record.  
Girls who haven't stolen anything.  Do you see where 
I'm going here?"

She sat back down, clutching the portfolio 
desperately.  "Yes, sir."

"Good.  So don't get all holier than thou on me.  
We're not so different you and I.  Now are we?"

"No," she managed to squeak.

"Can you tell me what is so bad about it?  I'm clean.  
I don't have any diseases.  I don't expect sex.  Just 
a little eye candy to get me aroused and a quick 
blowjob . . . . .here and there."

Okay, I wasn't being completely honest here.  I would 
expect blowjobs - lots of them - and for them to be 
done well - professionally even.  And the eye candy.  
She would make for good eye candy.

She was looking to the side.  She was thinking it over 
which was good.  

"No sex?" she asked.

"That's right.  No sex.  Only a quick BJ, just like 
Bill and Monica."  Anyway, sex is overrated.  I much 
prefer blowjobs.  With sex you have to worry about 
foreplay and the whole nine yards.  With sex you have 
to worry about kissing and love and cuddling 
afterwards.   With blowjobs things are much simpler.  
Blowjobs are for my pleasure only.   Blowjobs allow 
you to retain your power.  You can receive a blowjob 
almost anywhere and most importantly, I've never had a 
bad BJ.

She was still thinking, but she hadn't said no.  She 
just needed me to sell it.  I was good at selling 
things.

"Look, just think of it as a stepping stone.  This 
will get you out of your parent's house and on your 
own.  You'll also have a job and you know what they 
say.  It's easier to get a job when you have a job."

She blinked back the last of her tears and glanced 
down at my crotch.  "You're really going to give me 
the job?"

I wanted to smile.  I wanted to laugh.  She bought it 
hook, line, and sinker.  I did my best to contain my 
emotions.  "I said so, didn't I?"

"Okay . . . okay, I'll do it."

"Good.  Why don't you lock the door and go ahead and 
get started."

"Now?" she asked with disbelief.

"That's right.  We're not friends.  We're not lovers.  
This is just a business relationship.  What do you 
think I'm going to do, trust the word of a convicted 
thief?"

"But there are people out there."

"And the door is locked," I said.  "Look, get your 
stuff and leave or get up and lock the door."

She got up, locked the door, and stood there dumbly.  
Jesus, this was going to be harder than I thought.  

"Now come over here.  That's a girl.  No, get up from 
there.  Give me a little show first. . . some eye 
candy to get me in the mood."  I was already hard as a 
rock, but I wanted her to work for it.  

"I don't understand."

She understood alright.  She just needed to be told - 
wanted it to be my idea.  

"You know a small striptease.  Nothing elaborate.  A 
little bump and grind, a flash of panties, and show me 
your tits.  Get me in the mood girl.  Otherwise, 
you'll be down there all day."

She made a pathetic attempt at showing off a little 
thigh and bellybutton.  My hard on was fading.

"Look, you better start taking this seriously.  I 
could start you off at twenty thousand or thirty 
thousand," I said.  "Think about it." 

 That made a difference.  She wasn't good, but in time 
she would learn.  She knew enough to wiggle her hips 
and rub her hands over her body.  She gave me a 
glimpse of her white cotton panties.

I winced.  She blushed.

"Those will have to go.  Not now, but you will be 
required to wear something much sexier from now on."

She slowly unbuttoned her blouse.  

"Where do you get your underwear, Kmart?  No, don't 
answer that.  Go on, take it off.  You might as well 
buy some that you can unhook from the front, because 
I'm going to want to see your tits whenever you blow 
me."

She took her blouse off and laid it carefully on the 
table.  Next, she slipped the bra straps from her 
shoulders and shyly attempted to turn around.  

"No," I said.  "Face this way."

She spun the bra around and unhooked the clasp.  Her 
breasts were large with fat bumpy areoles and long 
pointy nipples.  Mmmm- my favorite.  If she were my 
girlfriend I would have kissed them.  Things being as 
they were, why bother?  I leaned back in my chair and 
spread my legs.

"Take my dick out."

She fished my cock out of my pants and held it in her 
hand, slowly pumping it.

"You do know the difference between a blowjob and a 
handjob don't you Peggy?"

She looked down at the dick cradled in her hand and 
nodded.

"Kiss it up and down.  That's a girl.  Look at me 
while you are doing it so I can see those pretty green 
eyes."

She looked up expectantly from in between my legs.  
She was perfect.  I knew I wasn't going to be able to 
last long.

"Now suck it.  Cover your teeth with your plump lips -  
yeah those cocksucking lips.  Mmmmm . . . oh yeah.  
You were made for sucking cock, do you know that?  Now 
what I want you to do, is every once and a while take 
it out of your mouth and open your lips and kiss the 
head."

She did as I asked, but it wasn't the effect I was 
looking for. 

"No, not like that."   I lifted my cock up and guided 
her below it by her neck, then tilted her face up.  
"Pucker those fat lips and open your mouth just a 
little."

She did.  The head of my cock was now framed by her 
puckered, lipstick smudged lips.  It was perfect.

"That's beautiful, now I want to see it poking out of 
your jaw.  Shit, no, not like that.  Here let me 
help."

I turned her head so that her jaw bulged out from my 
cock.  Her fat lips were wrapped around my shaft.  
God, she was so fucking hot.  "Look at me, Peggy."

She stared up at me with those big green eyes, while 
she licked the underside of my shaft with her velvet 
tongue.  

"Fuck you're hot.  I bet your boyfriend wanted you to 
blow him all the time," I said, causing her cheeks to 
color.  "Come on baby, I'm ready to cum now.  Suck me.  
Suck me hard and fast and cup my balls."

She descended on me, fucking me with her hot mouth.  
It was obvious that she had done this before and fell 
into a rhythm.  However, I was never going to be her 
usual anything.  I was going to turn her into the 
Queen of blowjobs before I was finished with her. 

"Faster Peggy faster," I urged, holding her hair out 
of the way so I could see her in action.  "Suck-suck-
suck-I don't hear you sucking."

Her mouth slurped and slobbered, as she sped up and 
down my cock.  I felt the cum rising up. I almost said 
wait, here let me do you.  Can you believe it?  I was 
so used to . . .well reciprocating that I almost 
forgot I didn't have to anymore.

"Ugh-ugh- you sweet cocksucker.  I'm ready.  I'm so 
fucking ready.  Don't you dare stop sucking," I 
warned, leaned back in my seat, and gripped the 
armrests hard.  Fuck, it was going to be a big one.  I 
felt my cock swell and grow even harder.  My cum 
surged.  Goddamn, shit, she made me cum like a fifteen 
year old.   My balls emptied, pumping my hot juice 
into her mouth.  She made a sound of discomfort, but 
kept going diligently.

I pulled her head from my softening cock.  Her lips 
were closed and some of my semen leaked from between 
her pursed lips.

"Open your mouth so I can see it." I said.

Her face blushed a bright crimson and her eyes filled 
with tears.   She clearly didn't want to do it, but in 
the end she closed her eyes and opened her mouth.

"Let me see your tongue.  Wow, I sure gave you a load, 
didn't I?  I haven't cum like that in a while," I 
said.  "Go on, you know where it goes now.  Down the 
hatch."

She grimaced, made the cutest little grimacing face 
and swallowed.    

"You were wonderful sweetie.  Now clean my cock off, 
the put it back in my pants.  After that, you can 
clean yourself up."

She silently obeyed, avoiding my eyes the whole time, 
as if I were a stranger, which was fine by me.  

"Can you start tomorrow?" I asked.

"Yes sir," she squeaked.

"Good," I said, taking out my wallet.  "I'm going to 
give you my credit card and I want you to go get some 
attractive clothes.  By attractive, I mean tight, 
short, and thin and do not, I repeat, do not buy them 
at the discount store.  New panties and bra with the 
same specifications.  I don't care what the other 
women around here wear, you'll wear stockings and 
heels to work -- everyday.  If I'm going to have to 
look at you for eight hours a day then I expect to 
look at something nice.   Okay?"

She nodded her head, taking my credit card.  

"Smile sweetie, I expect smiles and a friendly 
attitude if you are going to work here," I said.  "And 
a thank you for the advance would be nice."

Her face brightened with a smile momentarily.  "Thank 
you," she said.

"Save the receipts.  I'll let you pay me back on 
time."  God, it was good being me.  

****************

One year later. . .

Peggy entered the office and locked the door behind 
her.  She was almost unrecognizable from before.  Her 
hair was a mass of platinum blonde locks.  Her clothes 
had been ordered from the Victoria's Secret catalog 
where I insisted she buy all her office clothes from.  
Today she wore a pinstriped skirt that hugged her hips 
and it was split up the thigh.  Beneath her tight 
sportcoat, her white blouse was unbuttoned just below 
her chest, displaying a lace bra and her firm round 
breasts.  She wasn't only my secretary, she had 
transformed into every man's fantasy secretary.

She carried a bag over her shoulder which she put on 
my desk.

"You look particularly sexy today Peggy.  You trying 
to get extra points for your evaluation?"  I asked.  
"Well, I can be swayed at the last minute if you know 
what I mean.  So give me an extra special show today.  
You better go all out."  I can be a real bastard 
sometimes, can't I?  Truth was, I had already written 
up her evaluation and it was a good one.  The best I 
dared give her.  

Peggy gave me a special smile as she reached over the 
desk, her firm young breasts hanging low in her top, 
and turned the radio on real low.  Then she walked 
back to the door, well, strutted was more like it; one 
foot stepping to the inside of her other, swinging her 
hips, working that firm fine ass just the way I liked.    
When she reached the door, she piled her long platinum 
blonde hair on top of her head, turned around, and 
stuck the arm of her glasses in her mouth.  The 
glasses were my idea of course.  Something about a 
sexy girl in glasses gets me hard in a minute, and I 
was hard already.  

"Mr. Henderson," she said.  "Have you seen my new bra 
yet?  It's really sexy.  Would you like to see it?"

"Sure," I said.  "I'd love to."

"I don't know," she said, her fingers already undoing 
the buttons of her blouse.  "You are like my boss and 
all."  

"But you like showing off to your boss though don't 
you?  The way you dress everyday, showing off your 
body.  You think I don't know you are trying to seduce 
me?  You think everyone in the office doesn't know?"

It failed to make her blush, but oh how it used to.  I 
was the only male in an office full of women.  And 
when Peggy showed up for her first day of work in her 
tight revealing outfits and high heels, a hush fell 
over the office as all the other women stopped and 
stared, knowing instantly how the new secretary got 
her job and how she intended to keep it.  Oh, how 
Peggy blushed feeling the heat of their stares.  She 
was on her knees in my office within minutes.

Peggy sat down on the edge of my desk with her long 
legs crossed.  Her skirt rode up showing off the tops 
of her stockings and her ankle bracelet.  She opened 
on side of her blouse, showing off her bra.  It was so 
thin; I could easily see the outline of her pink 
nipple through the fabric.  "Do you think it's 
pretty?" she asked.

"I really can't see very much of it."

She stripped off the blouse and swayed her body to the 
music.  "Can you see now Mr. Henderson?"

"It looks nice so far, Peggy," I said.  "But I was 
wondering.  Do you have panties to match?"

"How did you guess?"

You know, as much fun as it was to play the innocent 
secretary game, it wasn't what I wanted today.  
"Peggy, how about cutting the innocent act and hopping 
up on the desk.  I want you to be bad today.  I want 
you to throw that shit in my face," I said.  "Oh and 
don't forget to take off your heels.  I still have 
scratches up there from the last time.

I finally got a little blush out of her.  She liked 
playing the innocent or even the seductress, but never 
the stripper.  Lucky for me, she wasn't being paid to 
like her job.  Smiling, I watched as she took off her 
heels and then I helped her on the desk. See, I can be 
nice too.  She was wearing stockings and I didn't want 
her to slip trying to climb on top of the desk.  I 
turned the radio to something a little more agreeable, 
"Dirty Deeds, Done Dirt Cheap, by AC/DC.  How 
appropriate.

She danced, for me, wiggling her body on top of my 
desk.  She turned away from md, and shrugged off her 
bra straps.  When she turned around, she held the bra 
cupped to her breasts, pulling it away seductively, 
her well shaped breasts dangling like fresh fruit, 
eager for the picking.  

"Come on, Peggy" I urged.  "Work it for me.  You know 
how I like it."  She ought to know.  I had taken her 
to strip bars after work, so she could see how the 
professionals did it.  After that, I made her 
practice-practice practice, and gave my own 
suggestions on how she could improve upon it.

She squatted down, and ground her hips, working her 
pussy right in front of my face, just the way I liked.  
The small band of fabric that was her panties, slipped 
up between the folds of her cunt lips.  God, she was 
one hot piece of ass and I was the luckiest boss in 
the world.  

"Fuck, it looks like your pussy is trying to eat your 
panties," I said.  "Come on, let me see it.  All of 
it."

She stood back up, and hooked her thumbs in the 
waistband of her panties.  Turning around, she lowered 
them to tease me with a little asscrack.  Then, back 
to the front again, until I could just make out the 
faint trace of naked pussy.  
  
"God damn, I'm hard as a rock."  I said.  "Let me take 
'em off and so I can see that pussy baby."

She sat down and put her stocking covered feet in my 
lap.  While I worked at divesting her off her panties, 
she massaged my cock through my pants with her feet.  

Peggy's pussy looked so inviting.  Her shaved moist 
lips parted, displaying her aroused state.  Above them 
was a tiny triangle of hair two inches long by one 
inch across.  The very size of her pubic triangle was 
part of her unwritten job description, as was the 
belly button ring that glittered on her stomach.

"Spread those legs, baby," I urge.  "I want to see the 
inside too."

A small gasp escaped her lips, as she spread her legs 
wide and thrusts her hips up.  Her pussy, so wet and 
inviting.  Would you believe I hadn't fucked it yet?  
Unbelievable as it sounds, it was true.  I got my 
daily and sometime twice daily blowjob, but never had 
her pussy.  Judging from some of her disappointed 
looks and her obviously aroused state, I could have 
gotten into her pants if I wanted it.  But, let's face 
it.  I had blowjobs on command and a totally non-
complicated relationship.  The last thing I wanted to 
do was fuck with it and mess it up.  

"Turn around," I said.  "I want to fuck your mouth."

Her eyes begged, 'Please, can we do something else?' 
But she swiveled around dutifully, leaned her head 
back over the edge of the desk and her hair cascaded 
down in my lap.  He big green eyes were big and 
pleading, 'Don't do this.'
But it was her evaluation day after all, and I had no 
intention of making it easier on her.  That's why I 
wanted to fuck her mouth; something I tended to save 
as a punishment.  Oh, I know, she would rather be down 
on her knees doing me right and she would do me right.  
She was an expert at the tongue flutter, the ball 
suck, the short jab, the tongue massage, the urethra 
tease, the twisting fist.  As I said before, I was the 
luckiest boss in the world.  

I stood up and pushed my pants and under shorts down 
to my knees.  She opened her mouth and did her best to 
level her throat, while I pushed my cock in.  "Spread 
your pussy for me," I ordered.  "I want to see that 
wet pussy while I fuck your mouth."

She grunted and the gust of hot air tickled my balls 
as she obediently spread her pussy lips.  I was in 
heaven.  I pushed into her mouth in one long stroke 
until my pubes were hitting her chin.  I could feel 
her gag involuntarily at the intrusion.  Oh, how she 
hated it.  Not so much because it was uncomfortable, 
but because she couldn't talk right when it was over 
and it also caused red stretch marks on either side of 
her painted lips.  It was embarrassing to her and she 
did her best to avoid other people when it was over.  
A fat lot of good it did her, being the bastard that I 
am, I would usually call up one of the other ladies to 
work with her on a report when it was over.  

Just thinking about it caused the cum to boil in my 
balls.  Fuck, I thought of last night's basket ball 
game, working through every possession to keep from 
cumming too soon.  I wanted to savor the moment.  When 
I got control again, I sped up the pace.  Her breath 
was coming harder.  Peggy was still holding her pussy 
lips open, but now one finger was dancing on her clit 
in tiny circles.  

"You know better," I said.  "Play with your nipples 
for awhile."  We were here for my pleasure, not hers.

I felt her angry grunt vibrate against my cock.  Her 
long painted red fingernails moved up, tweaked and 
pulled at her nipples.  Fuck!  I had to think about 
the referee's most fucked up call just to get my mind 
back in order.  I fucked her faster.  Her throat was 
tight around my cock.  Her breathing labored.  Fuck - 
fuck.  

I tried to think about the basketball game but 
couldn't.    Shit, I was gonna cum.  And then, before 
I could, she had grabbed my dick and pulled it out of 
her mouth and sat up.

"What the fuck!" I almost shouted, forgetting 
momentarily where we were.

She coughed and wiped the spittle from her lips, and 
pointed a finger in my face.  "I can't do this 
anymore," she said, her voice rasping and husky from 
my ravaging of her throat. 

"What?"  I was astounded.  "Have you got another job 
offer?  You moving in with some asshole?"

"No," she said.  "Look, I know you've been giving me 
bad references . . . and you think I don't know how I 
always seem to get overtime when I'm dating someone.  
Or how you happen to show up at my house at all kinds 
of odd hours just to be sure I don't find a way out of 
our deal?"

"Look," Crap, I was hard and needed to cum.  The last 
thing I or Mr. Happy wanted was an argument.  "I know 
I can be a jerk sometimes, but I've looked out for you 
haven't I?  I took a chance on you when no one else 
would.  You're one of the best paid secretary's 
around.  And on Secretary's day, who always has the 
best presents?"

"I don't give a shit," she said.  God, she really was 
pissed.  "This arrangement sucks.  And we're going to 
have to work something else out."

I wanted to grin at her unintended pun, but she didn't 
seem to be in a very humorous mood.  I damn sure 
wanted to keep her.  She wasn't a bad secretary and 
she was incredibly hot, not to mention her oral skills 
which had grown considerable.  And most importantly, 
Mr. Happy didn't want me to lose the best damn thing 
that had happened to him since I discovered 
masturbation at age thirteen.  

"What do you want?" I asked

I expected her to face me down.  Argue me down to a 
blowjob a week.  Get some time off.  Make me promise 
to give her a good reference.  Instead, I was 
astounded as she bent over the table, spread those 
long gorgeous legs, and made herself available to me.  

It was obvious what she wanted, but I was still a 
little pissed off at the way she had got in my face 
about the whole situation.  I didn't hurt that I was 
back in control of the situation again.  So, instead 
of plowing into her like a new field, I teased her hot 
hole with the head of my cock.  She tried to lurch 
back against me, but I pulled out and resumed my 
teasing.

"Peggy," I said.  "I'm not sure what it is you want.  
Why don't you tell me?"

She tried to push back against me again.  It was 
obvious what she wanted, but I wanted to hear her say 
it.  She grunted, she groaned, and she arched her 
back.  God, she was oh so fuckable.  Yet, I had been 
sucked off at least once or twice every workday for 
the last year.  I felt I was in a much better position 
of strength than she was.  And eventually, I was 
proven correct.

"I don't care about that stuff, I just need you," she 
gasped.  "I need you *in* me.  I need you to *fuck* 
me.  Fuck, I need you in my pussy so bad.  Please, I'm 
begging you.  Ugh, I'm - oh God, I'm desperate."

It was music to my ears.  "You were desperate for a 
job, and now you're desperate to be fucked," I said, 
still teasing her cunt.  "Personally, I rather like 
our current arrangement.  But, you do have a hot 
little pussy.  Do you mind if I take it for a test 
drive?"

"Yeeeesss!" she groaned, as I speared her with one 
long stroke.  "Oh yes, that's it, fuck me.  Fuck me 
hard."

"Quiet," I hissed.  Peggy sucked on a couple of 
fingers to muffle her cries, while I sped up my pace.  
God, she was hot and oh how she was wet.  My prick 
glistened from her abundant honey.  It wasn't long 
before I realized I was going to bust a nut and which 
I wasn't ready for.  So I pulled out and began teasing 
her yet again.  She moaned in dismay and tried to push 
back and impale herself on my cock.

"Mmmm, that was nice," I said.  But you do realize 
that by putting your pussy in play, so to speak, that 
you just put everything. . . "  I pushed my cock about 
half way in her tight cunt, stopped, then pulled all 
the way out.  "And I do mean everything."  I moved my 
cock about half an inch up, and pushed against the 
tight pucker of her ass.  "South of the equator in 
play?  Do you understand what I'm saying?  I want to 
test drive your ass for awhile now . . . see which one 
I like better."

Peggy didn't pull away.   Instead she pushed back 
against me.  "Ugh- just ugh -  oh, God, please don't 
hurt me," she whimpered.  

"It shouldn't hurt much," I soothed.  "Just try to 
relax."  And then I pushed into her tight little 
button-hole. 

"Oh god - Oh god," she gasped, struggling to retreat, 
but being held fast by my desk.

"Keep it down," I hissed.    Shit, what was she trying 
to do, get us caught?  For my part, I slowed down and 
stopped when I was about midway in her ass.  I gotta 
tell you, it was pure pleasure.  Tight?  Tight, 
doesn't even begin to describe what I felt when I was 
in her ass.  It was like having my prick milked by a 
hungry velvet glove.  I fucked her a few times, very 
slow.  In slow and out slow.  Only sticking it halfway 
each time.  I would have liked to have done more, but 
Peggy was making entirely too much noise, even with 
three fingers crammed in her mouth.  Just be patient, 
I told myself.  

"You have one hot little ass on you Peggy," I said, 
pulling out.  "I'm going to have to do that again.  
Yeah, proper like."  Her ass was so cute and her 
pucker was all angry and red. I poked it with my 
finger, causing her to gasp, just for fun.

Next, I moved around the desk and pulled her fingers 
from her mouth.   She knew what I wanted, but turned 
her head to the side, trying to avoid it.

"Come on Peggy," I said.  "Around the world baby.  How 
else am I gonna know which hole I like best?  Besides, 
it's gonna have to go here before it goes back where 
you want it.  You know what I mean?"

She examined my prick with a look of distaste, but in 
the end, she wanted it in her pussy more than she 
didn't want to suck it.  Reluctantly, she opened her 
mouth and took it in.  

I fucked her mouth for a few minutes then pulled out 
and went back to the other side of the table and 
flipped her over.  Her pussy was at the perfect 
height.  I dispensed with the teasing and pushed 
roughly into her.  I pounded her cunt to the beat of 
the music.  I wanted her to know she had been fucked.  
Peggy winced and grunted with each thrust.

"Play with your pussy and nips baby," I said.  "I'm 
getting ready to cum and I want some eye candy to go 
along with it."  And I was getting very close to 
cumming and no amount of imagining ballgames or the 
report I had due in an hour was going to delay it any 
longer.  

"You on the pill Peggy?" I asked, forcing myself to 
slow down just a bit.

She shook her head.  "No," she muttered.

"But you want me to cum inside you, don't you?" I 
asked.

She shook her head no, but that wasn't what she said.  
"Yes," she hissed.  It came out as no more than a 
whisper.

"Then tell me," I urged.  "Tell me where you want it.  
Tell me what you want, you dirty thief."

"I want it in my pussy. . . I want you to cum inside 
me."

Her hands grabbed my ass and pulled my hard inside 
her.  

"Did I say to stop playing with that pussy?" I asked.  
She shook her head and moved her hands back down to 
her crotch, resuming the old circle-roo around her 
clit.

"Faster," I demanded and with a gasp, she dutifully 
obeyed.  

My pace sped.  God damn, I was getting close and she 
was so fucking beautiful.  And the amount of control I 
had over her made me even hotter for her.  She was my 
secretary - my ultimate secretary.  The stockings, the 
ankle bracelet, the toe ring, the belly button ring, 
the long nails, and the platinum blonde hair was all 
for me.  It should have been enough for any man and 
yet I wanted more.  "I want you to go to the clinic 
after this and get a prescription for the pill, okay?"  
I grabbed her by her nipples and pulled.  

"Yes," she gasped.

"Yes, who?" I asked.

"Yes, mmm-ahhh Mr. Henderson."

"They require and exam for that, don't they Peggy?" I 
said.  Oh yeah, the cum was rising now.  It was going 
to be soon.  

"Yes, Mr. Henderson."

"I want you to go straight there when I'm done fucking 
you, do you understand?"

"Ugh, yes sir, Mr. Henderson."  Her longs legs wrapped 
around my waist, pulling me into her with every 
thrust.  Her cunt clamped on to me tightly.

"What will they think of you showing up with a cuntful 
of cum, huh Peggy?  And you better not sit down along 
the way unless you want a wet spot," I said.  I could 
feel my balls spasm.  It was no holding back, it was 
either in her or on her.  "Ugh-I'm coming . . . where 
do you want it?  Where do you want it."

Her eyes were closed and her face was twisted with 
passion.  "In me!  In me!  Oh God - oh god - cum in my 
pussy!  Hurry . . . fuck-fuck-fuck, I'm coming too!" 
she cried.

Jesus, she was loud.  I covered her mouth with my hand 
as I continued to fuck her, pumping jet after jet of 
cum into her tight cunt.  I fucked her as hard as I 
could, knocking papers to the floor.  Peggy bucked 
beneath me like a bronco, lifting her ass off the 
desk, while holding my tightly gripped between her 
strong thighs.

I felt weak when it was finished, but there was still 
more to do.  As I pulled out of her, I put her hand to 
her cunt.  "Hold it all in," I ordered.  Then I helped 
her step into her panties.  When she moved her hand, 
my cum leaked, staining the crotch.

"You're not seriously going to make me do this are 
you?" she asked.

"Oh yeah," I said.  "You're gonna do it.   And then 
you're gonna tell me all about it tonight."

"Tonight?"

"Yeah," I said and kissed her.  "Tonight when I fuck 
you again."

"Please," she begged.  "Don't make me do this. . 
.they're going to - to spread me.  Oh God, they'll see 
everything.  What will they think?"  She looked down 
at the floor, refusing to meet my gaze.

"They'll think you just got the fucking of your life."

"B-but, what will I say?"

I tilted her chin up, forcing her to look into my 
eyes.  "You'll say, yes sir, Mr. Henderson."

She bit a quivering lip.  Her big green eyes gaped 
like saucers.  "Yes sir, Mr. Henderson." 

"Besides, I'm sure you will think of *something* to 
tell the doctor or nurse.  Tell them you fell down and 
landed on your boss's prick on the way to lunch," I 
said and patted her on the ass as she walked meekly 
out the door.

Oh yeah, rank has its privileges.

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





