BDSM Library - Clueless, Cher's friends




Clueless, Cher's friends
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cher discovers her new mental powers...and uses them well against those she wants to pay her some personal offenses...
CLUELESS, CHER'S FRIENDS

(FIRST CHAPTER)



Cher was very upset with Sidney; Sidney had worn the same red dress that she
wore, and it was the worst thing possible.

Cher was vain of being always in the clue, fashion, music, cinema, guys or
meals. Also her close friends were always in the clue; it was her task.

She had visited the week before a parapsychologist with some friends; it was a
spiritism session.

The medium-parapsychologist got overwhelmed with Cher's aura; he told her she
was the person with more hypnotical power he had ever seen (and I've seen a lot,
he said). They were apart and Cher laughed in the medium's face.



She talked with Dion, her best friend, about that and they couldn't believe it
at all.

"He only wants to play with you, don't believe him"said Dion, a real nice black
teenager.

"Why?"

"Maybe he wants you to get into spiritism".

"And if I had this great power?"

"What would you do with it?"

"Sidney would pay for what se had done!"

They were in their high-school in Beverly Hills and there was Sidney smiling at
them.

"She's a bitch"said Tai, another of Cher's best friends.

Cher began to desire that Sidney would apologize her and that she would refuse
it.

And suddenly, and absolutely unexpectedly Sidney approached her and:

"Apologize me, Cher. I didn't know you were gonna wear that dress, you don't
know how much I sorry".

"And how you will sorry it"thought Cher to herself. Maybe the charlatan was true
at all.

Lately she desired the teacher to finish the class soon. It also happened and
she realized she had the power inside her.

She and her friends went out to the schoolyard and they lay down over the grass.

Cher didn't want her friends to know about her new secret so she didn't tell
them a word.

But she kept on disturbing Sidney; she was walking with her sickening daddy's
daughter friend and Cher made Sidney trip into a puddle. When her friend was
going to help her she also fell and in her falling she grabbed Sidney's skirts
and tore it.

When Sidney and Mary Joe (it was her name) stood up with their soaked clothes
everybody could see Sidney's violet panties. She run into the rest room as fast
as she could, and Mary Joe run with her.

Dion and Tai were laughing heartily of Sidney, Cher kept on thinking about their
new powers.

Cher tested if they could work without seeing her target, so she desired Sidney
to wear Mary Joe's blouse (Sidney had larger than the mean breasts and Mary Joe
was almost as plain as a table). When they got out of the rest room Mary Joe was
wearing Sidney's green blouse (real loose, for certain) and Sidney wore Mary
Joe's blouse, more than a blouse it seemed a top, everybody could see her naked
belly.

Cher get satisfied with the test and went to console Sidney.

"See you tomorrow, Sid".

"See you tomorrow, Cher".

When Cher arrived home her stepbrother was kissing and touching up his redheaded
girlfriend.

Cher felt very horny and instantly decided what to do with Sidney; she would be
her sexual slave, and she would be sorry of her thoughtlessness.

But right now she wanted the redheaded to eat her pussy so she desired her
stepbrother to go away (and Anne to stay).

He remembered he had to go back to the campus (he was studying in UCLA) and
suggested Anne to wait him, he wouldn't last a lot.

She kept on looking TV and Cher sat with her. Anne (who was 22) put her hand
underneath Cher's skirt and caressed her thighs. Cher pretended to be disgusted
(she was enjoying it too much) and stopped Anne's hand.

"Sorry, I don't know what had happened!"Anne said.

"It doesn't matter". And Cher approached her head to Anne's and then they french
kissed.

Cher had never frenchkissed another woman, only a couple of guys, and she was
still virgin. She didn't want an upstart to deflorate her, she preferred a
cinema star or a great and famous sportsman.

Anne, it wasn't her first lesbian experience, was caressing all Cher's body
while her tongues were into each other's mouth. Then Anne put Cher's blouse off,
and also her bra, and then she played with the teenager nipples. Cher's breasts
were not as large as Sidney's ones but they were fine for her age.

When the kiss finished, Anne began to lick Cher's nipples and with her left hand
she lowered Cher's skirt and caressed her pink silk panties.

"Eat my pussy, Anne".

Anne was possessed by a strange power and she obeyed.

She removed Cher's panties and discovered her tiny patch of sprouting golden
blonde pubic her. Her tongue licked Cher's labia while hands curled her pubic
hair.

Then she spread her labia (Cher was having the time of her life) with her hands
and began to lick the tiny clit (it was the first time that Cher was touched
there for someone different than herself).

Her crotch was moistened and she reached her first non masturbating orgasm. She
screamed as a fool but nobody was at home.

The tongue fucking lasted almost a quarter an hour.

And then Cher suggested Anne to lick her ass hole.

Anne lay on the floor and Cher was straddled over her head with her ass hole at
the level of Anne's tongue. Without hesitate she began to lick and lately she
inserted her tongue into the virginal hole.

Cher was in a dream and began to ride Anne's head. If Anne had been a guy Cher
would ask her to fuck her wild, in that moment her virgo wasn't important at
all.

Anne's head was bathed with Cher's juices and when they kissed each other once
again Cher could feel her own juices taste.

Cher got dressed and the both of them were watching TV when her stepbrother
appeared. Nothing had happened between them.

Anne and Patrick (Cher's stepbrother) went into his dorm.

Cher wanted to know what was happening into Patrick's room. She wanted so much
that she discovered she had gotten into Anne's mind. She was giving him a head,
licking his shaft and allowing his cock deep into her throat.

The throbbing cock discharged a couple of spurts of semen into Anne's throat,
she swallowed it all.

"Patrick, eat my pussy"Patrick couldn't believe it, Anne had never before asked
him for it, also Anne was astonished.

He was not a skillful pussy-eater, he had spread her labia and he couldn't fir
her clit but Anne was moaning and dripping with excitation. He finally found her
love button and she came almost instantly, it was her best orgasm.

Patrick fucked her wild and he was dumbfounded with her slutty behavior. He had
always thought she was not a passionate lover but her behavior had incredibly
changed (Cher was sending order after order to Anne's mind). Patrick exploded
once again inside Anne's box, she sucked his wet cock once again and when it
recovered her former stiffness asked him for fucking her ass.

Patrick had never ass fucked her, not even proposed her to. He had practiced
anal sex in some university parties but never with Anne.

She put her on all fours, her crack was wet with her pussy juices and Patrick's
cock got into her ass hole easily.

At first it hurt her a little but when he began to pump and with Cher playing
with her mind she felt most excited than never before. Her screams and moans
resounded all over the house and Cher began to masturbate her. Her mind was so
horny connected to Anne's body that she was dripping as a fountain.

When it all had ended Cher thought on what to do the next day. Oh yes, she would
turn Sidney into a slut.

She thought all night long and she was so amazed at her wickedness. When she
woke up in the morning her bed was completely soaked and her pussy kept on
dripping. It was saturday and they hadn't class.

Cher didn't know if Sidney was virgin, but it was not a problem at all.

All morning long she did her homework and parked her powers.

She went with Dion and Tai to the shopping center and they spent the whole
afternoon. Then they met Sidney and Mary Joe, and Cher made Sidney spilt her
refresh over her clothes. Her white blouse became transparent at her breasts and
her nipples were so clearly exposed that everybody noticed it.

"Sidney, you are always wet, aren't you?"Cher giggled.

"I don't see what's funny"Sidney upset answered.

"Mary Joe, why don't you borrow her your t-shirt?"asked Dion"I love your belly,
Sid".

"You are a black whore"and she grasped Dion's curled brown hair.

They struggled hard and Dion (Cher didn't help her) won easily and she straddled
over Mary Joe, who had her T-shirt torn, her breasts (very little ones) fully
exposed.

"What did you say, pale whore? I want you to say me you are the worst bitch all
over the world and that you don't deserve me to talk you".

"I won't do that, black beetle"Mary Joe spitted her. And Dion slapped her face
and tore her skirt.

"You will say that or you will go back home completely naked".

"I'm the worst bitch all over the world; I don't deserve you to talk me".

Dion stood up and Mary Joe tried to hide her nakedness.

"You are in a great shape, Dion"said Tai. "Why didn't you give her a good
thrashing?"

"She will get if she keeps on behaving this way".

Cher thought to herself that also Mary Joe deserved a good lesson.

They went back home and Cher and her friends got into her bedroom (Patrick was
enjoying Anne one more time).

They began to talk about sex but the conversation was much more dirty than
usual. Cher wanted their points of view on what to do with Sidney and Mary Joe
but she didn't want to ask them directly.

"What a slutty mind you have, Dion"said Cher"You had made me blush". But her
mind was working real fast. Sidney and Mary Joe would never forget her revenge.

It was late at night (Cher didn't go to any party) when Cher tried to introduce
herself into Sidney's mind. She got it with little effort (maybe that Sidney was
asleep eased her task). Cher discovered that William (Sidney's brother and
Cher's friend, she had met him in a party and he wasn't so push as his sister)
was sleeping at home; his mind was Cher's new target.

She made him fell horny as never before.

"OK little guy. You're gonna get up and rape your slutty sister; I don't want
you to give her any pleasure, this night may become Sidney's worst nightmare.
When you have ended you won't remember it but you will see Sidney as the fox she
is".

She knew she could guide his mind with her own thoughts but she enjoyed it more
saying them.

William awoke completely sweat, with his cock stiffened and with a strange
feeling on his mind. He went into the kitchen and drank some water.

When he was going back to his bedroom he passed in front of his sister's bedroom
closed door. He didn't know why but he opened the door.

She was completely asleep, with her silky nightgown.

He lost his self-control and suddenly, with one jump, he straddled her body; she
got completely dumbfounded but before she could scream her brother shut her up.

He lowered his pajamas (he was wearing no shorts) and his cock rubbed against
her nightgown.

Sidney felt completely defenseless when her lovely Willy pulled her nightgown
up.

"You're not gonna scream my prudish sister, or you will sorrow it the rest of
your life. I'm gonna free your mouth, keep silent".

She wanted to scream but something inside her (Cher was working on her mind)
didn't allow her to do it.

William was rubbing her thighs with his prick, her sister kept with her panties
on until he tore them.

With one savage stroke he inserted his whole dick into her sister's dry cunt.
She felt a terrible sore inside her virginal vagina, and it increased when her
cherry popped.

She was silently crying, she couldn't believe what had happened. Her brother
came inside her and when he pulled his cock out it was bathed in blood.

"Good night, little sister. Not a word of it, you know".

Sidney was virgin (before that night), even she never had touched herself there.

How could her brother had made her this? How could she had stood silent? She was
crying unconsoledly when she got into the bathroom. When she cleaned herself,
removing all the bloody (and the white ones) spots from her thighs and her pubic
hair.

Her labia sore her a lot but Cher (who was having a splendid time) suggested her
to play with herself.

When she guided her index finger into her sore and now wet (water) cunt and she
orgasmed Cher put on her mind the image of William above her.

"Well my slutty Sidney. You won't forget it, you know, but you can't tell it to
anybody and tomorrow you will keep with your usual life. Why don't you go
tomorrow to the soccer match?"

Sidney completely ashamed after her masturbation and with the image of William
above her on her mind went back to bed. She couldn't sleep that night.

Cher discovered herself with three fingers into her cunt but real carefully not
to break her hymen. Well, it's Mary Joe time, she thought.

This time it was harder to Cher to get into her target's mind.

She wasn't asleep, she was in a stupid party in her cousin house.

It was completely boring, the guys seemed queers and the girls nuns. Cher
couldn't understand how Mary Joe could have been enjoying it. Cher discovered
that her uncle (Mary Joe's one) was a catholic priest. Exactly then Cher
discovered what to do with Mary Joe.

Under Cher's influence Mary Joe and her uncle (he was called Sam, it's not a
joke) went into the deserted kitchen and they closed the door.

Cher was doing a great job she thought working with two awaken minds at the
time.

Mary Joe picked a canarian banana up from the fruit bowl. She peeled it while
her uncle unzipped his trousers. Mary Joe got on her fours and inserted the
banana into her cunt when her uncle  introduced his cock into her mouth and
began to fuck her mouth. Right now Cher gave back Mary Joe her full
consciousness. She wanted to stop but she couldn't, her arm shoved the banana
inside her at its will (or at Cher's one) and her head was property of her uncle
who was grabbing her by her hair. He came in her throat at the same time that
she orgasmed (she was not virgin at all). Sam kneeled down and picked the banana
(well, the rest of it) and put it into her niece's mouth. It was soaked with her
cunt juices and he glided it until her throat. Mary Joe wanted to stop it but
she couldn't. She tasted her own juices completely ashamed what had happened to
her? She ate the banana and her uncle put her on her fours once again and
exactly then he came for the second time (what a sprout! Just like he hadn't
come for a long time) over her hair and face.

When they came back to the living-room (with Mary Joe's hair covered with her
uncle's sperm) the crowd noticed what had happened. They giggled and commented
but nobody told her a word.

Cher knew that it was an unforgettable night for her "friends" and the best of
all was that it has just started.




SECOND CHAPTER



At 4 o'clock in the morning Cher awoke with a doubt in her mind; she didn't know
if she had to discover her game to her victims; could it be more pleasant than
keep on the shadow? For a while she would keep on moving the puppets from the
shadow.

That sunday Cher (with Dion and Tai) went to the soccer match. It was the most
fashionable sport and Cher and her friends took pleasure in looking twenty young
boys in shorts running behind a ball.

Cher got satisfied when she saw Sidney (dressed in an awful black dress and with
rings under her eyes when she putt her sun glasses off); Mary Joe was not there,
she had been chastised for her parents (and she had cleaned her hair before
going home). Cher got dumbfounded when she saw William with Sidney. Cher was
seated near enough to them and she greeted them.

The match was real interesting. The Beverly Hills high-school team won by 4-3
against Santa Monica. When it left twenty minutes to the end of the match
William went out of the stadium and Sidney went down to the Beverly Hill's
changing room.

A security man didn't let her get into until Cher, that was into Sidney's mind
acted. The security man not only let her in, he also got into and then he jumped
over Sidney; he undressed her (she didn't struggle, she seemed to enjoy it) and
he tied her spread-eagle over the stretcher, her legs wide open. He caressed her
labia (she only wore a black garter bell) and then he masturbated himself and he
came in her panties, he gagged her with them and blindfolded her with her
clothes.

When the match finished the players came into the changing room. Cher, sure of
herself,  played with all their minds.

"What a lovely present!"said the captain looking at Sidney.

All the team got naked and one by one they fucked her. They were sixteen players
(not the trainer or the staff were there) and the sixteen enjoyed her tied and
gagged present.

She struggled at the beginning, she couldn't understand herself, how could she
had gone there? Her cunt was dripping of her juices and of the semen of all the
team; her vagina couldn't old one more drop, was plenty of life seeds.

Lately the sixteen players came at the same time over her breasts.

They kept on playing with their present, now untied but without being owner of
her will, under the shower; the goalkeeper glided a bar of soap into her cunt
and her grunts were so audible that the other players joined the party. Some of
the players knew Sidney, but it didn't matter them. Cher was completely
satisfied.

When Sidney could come out the changing room she was so sore and humbled she
didn't notice she was wearing no panties (a prize for one of the players). She
discovered it when she seated in the taxi and her sore vulva touched the leather
of the seat.

She also forgot the money and the cab driver was paid in kind; he was the
eighteenth man who enjoyed her honey and the first of fucking her mouth.

Sidney, at home, was near to suicide her but Cher, in her mind, gave her
courage. She closed in her bedroom and spent the whole afternoon long crying.
She had no more tears.

Cher let them alone for a couple of days; just enough time to the first rumors
were heard.

Sidney's reputation fell to a minimum; people whispered about her performance
into the dressing room, and as often happens they exaggerated what happened.

She didn't care about that, she had enough troubles for herself; she had changed
her dressing way, her mini-skirt became the shortest of all the high-school, her
make up the sluttiest and she always wore in black leather.

Fortunately, she thought, nothing strange had happened during the last 48 hours
but she couldn't forget her frightful weekend.

That wednesday Mary Joe's chastise finished and Cher had new plans about her.

That Mary Joe was a xenophobe was a think real known for everyone.

The only black person she talked to was Dion, and not exactly kindly.

Cher wanted it to change but she didn't know exactly how to do it. She had to
make Mary Joe believe that her new opinion about black people was of her own.

It happened in the recess. Mary Joe went into the bathroom. Emmanuel and
Charlotte (a black couple, Dion's friends) passed in front of the door, they
began to french kiss each other and got into the rest room. Mary Joe was
applying lipstick to her licks when she saw the horny couple.

Emmanuel, when he noticed they weren't alone said to Mary Joe:

"Please, don't talk anybody about it".

Mary Joe's answer (she thought her reflex answer) was to kneel down, unzip
Emmanuel's zipper and grabbed his stiffened black cock with her hands. She began
to lick its shaft and slowly inserted it into her mouth, with the shaft deep in
her throat.

Charlotte, previously so surprised to react, ordered her to stop. Emmanuel stook
his cock out, it was bigger than ever.

Unexpectedly Charlotte pulled her skirt up, lowered her panties and approached
her shaven black crotch to Mary Joe's mouth.

Mary Joe began to lick Charlotte's labia and in a few seconds her tongue was
buried into Charlotte's wet cunt.

Then Emmanuel ordered her to lie on the floor; Mary Joe separated her tongue
from Charlotte's box and obeyed Emmanuel. When she was on the floor Charlotte
straddled over her and her pussy eating rebegan. And suddenly Mary Joe felt that
black loaf of meat into her cunt, her waist slightly lifted. Her juices began to
flow and also Charlotte's ones, Emmanuel looked like a stallion with a motor
inside.

Charlotte came and a few seconds late also came Mary Joe. Emmanuel kept on
fucking that pale girl (his first white pussy) and his cock was getting bigger
(if it was possible).

Mary Joe came for her second time and Charlotte began to lick her hard rock
nipples.

When Emmanuel noticed he was going to cum he stook his cock out and came into
her girlfriend mouth.

Gush after gush of his semen went into Charlotte's mouth, she made an effort not
to swallow it. When the unload finished Charlotte, with her mouth plenty of
semen, french kissed Mary Joe and gave her his boyfriend seeds. Mary Joe
swallowed it all (and it was a lot) without hesitation. A few drops kept on her
chin (she didn't notice of it). They got dressed and went back to the class.

When the three of them entered into the class (the professor was explaining, it
was late) their companions got dumbfounded with Mary Joe's appearance. And the
dumbfound increased when they realized the jism in her chin. Sidney, that was
seated beside her, told her to dry her chin. Mary Joe blushed and Cher, not far
away, sketched a smile.

After ten minutes Mary Joe's usual ill will against black people went back and
she felt nastier and more ashamed.

When after the class Dion asked her friend Charlotte what had happened, and she
explained Dion it all, the both of them grinned. Of course the news ran faster
as the wind and Mary Joe's shares dropped. Neither Sidney nor Mary Joe would
never be between the most popular girls of the high-school.

That afternoon Cher began to write a diary; she hidden it under lock and key
when Anne went into the house.

Patrick wasn't there but it didn't matter Anne at all.

Cher wanted to enjoy another afternoon as the previous one so she began to work
into Anne's mind.

Cher knew that something had changed into her friend's mind, previously it was a
prudish one but then it seemed a courtesan one.

Anne got naked and Cher gave her a vibrator she found into her brother's messy
bedroom.

Without hesitation Anne pushed it into her cunt and when the whole 12 inches
were in she switched it on.

She was moaning and gasping as a fool when Cher showed her her naked crotch.
Anne began to eat Cher's pussy and she seemed the most expert lezbo courtesan
all over the world. Cher was completely soppy and her cunt dripped as an opened
faucet. When Cher had reached her third pleasure (Anne lost the count on how
many the vibrator had given her) Cher went into her brother's room and went back
with chinese balls.

Cher soaked it into Anne's juices and then glided the six balls, one by one and
real slowly into Anne's ass hole. Anne was in the seventh heaven.

Then Cher ordered Anne to lick her ass hole and Anne's tongue ran eagerly to its
target. Anne stook her whole tongue into Cher's ass hole and she could taste
Cher's bowels (it's an euphemism), it was real naughty and disagreeable but she
was so wet and horny deep into her nth orgasm that she didn't care at all.

When Cher thought that she had had more than enough ordered Anne to stop licking
her.

Cher switched off the vibrator and pulled it out. Cher picked the chinese balls
thread and with a strong tug pulled them out. Anne screamed in pain, she didn't
expect that surprising end but it wasn't unpleasant at all, she came once again.

Cher kneeled down and began to lick Anne's swollen labia, soaking her chin and
drinking Anne's juices. Cher had never eaten a pussy and it was also an exciting
experience. And the next Anne's orgasm was an unforgettable experience for Cher.

"Cher, I'm self crazy about your golden pussy"said Anne after their tidying-up.

"I like you like it. And what about my nipples? Today you haven't taken care of
them".

"You don't know how much I sorry. I promise I will the next time".

"Another think, Anne. Keep on making Patrick happy, he looks like another man
since the last time".

"Right now I know the whore I am. I enjoy sex with Patrick and I want him to
enjoy with me. But it's nothing comparable to you".

"But he's your boyfriend and I'm not, and I don't want to be so we'll keep on
being friends".

"You're the most adorable friend I've ever got. I will clean your altar when you
let me. I'll be your slave if it pleases you".

Cher was satisfied, she stopped working on Anne's mind a long, long time ago, it
was Anne's will.

"So see ya tomorrow".

And when Anne left the house Cher ran into her bedroom and wrote her new
experiences.




(THIRD CHAPTER)



Cher  had new ideas about her two friends. It was almost closing time so she
hadn't time to lose.

She ordered them to meet each other in front of the cinema they used to go (it
was completely crowded, a great premier) and then to enter into the sex shop in
front of the cinema. Some of the people in the queue knew them but it didn't
matter them.

The saleswoman was turning the pages of a bondage magazine, waiting the closing
time.

They bought all kind of vibrators, dildoes, candles, sexy lingerie, chinese
balls etc. They also bought an inflatable man with a 13 inches plastic penis
(called Rod). Their credit cards could afford all their sluttiest purchases and
they went back home with real huge packages.

William, who didn't remember her sister's raping, was completely sure that her
lovely sister had become the biggest whore in all LA.

That night the both of them slept with the biggest dildo deep into their
dripping cunts. Cher thought they need a good shaving and their arses still
untouched.

Cher came thinking on her new plans.

She had a dream that night and she noticed she still was virgin; she knew she
had to change it as soon as possible. Who would be the fortunate one to
deflorate her?

A lot of the cutest young cinema stars passed by her mind but she didn't make
up. She wanted to lose her virginity with a man with his whole will untouched,
not using her hypnotic powers.

Each day in high school had become a hell for Sidney and Mary Joe.

Cher's intentions for the day were so simple; she left Sidney alone for the
moment and ordered Mary Joe to get into the boys rest room where she had to give
a head to each guy.

She had to swallow all the jism and she had more than fifteen customers. Her
stomach was plenty of semen and she would never forget that ooze taste.

But the worst happened when her cousin Jim (he thought she was a frigid bitch)
got into the rest room.

He had heard (completely dumbfounded) about Mary Joe's performance with his
uncle Sam but he didn't believe it until he saw her with jism in her lips
commissure.

He thought what to do with her (Cher was not currently working on Mary Joe's
mind, she had ordered her to stay there and give all the guys an unforgettable
present).

Mary Joe kneeled and unzipped his trousers. When she had his tool in her hand
and her mouth was approaching Jim stopped her.

"On the floor, bitch".

She obeyed her cousin, her will completely absorbed by Cher was not strong
enough to refuse her cousin's orders.

"I'm here to have a piss and I will. Drink it all".

And from his cock a golden and hot rain began to fall into his cousin's mouth.
She felt so humiliated she thought in suicide herself.

The wee had not just fallen into her mouth but all over her face. She was
crying.

When Jim had finished his task he said:

"What a lovely piss. Dear cousin, what about the blowjob you wanted to give me?"

With tears on her face, the most unpleasant taste on her mouth and with her
moral low she put his flaccid cock between her lips. She had to blow up and down
just to revive his penis. It was her longest blowjob, it seemed her centuries
and when she thought he was going to cum he ordered her to stop. he put his
penis out from her mouth and he came straight to her hair.

"I'm not less than uncle Sam. It's your semen time".

And he grabbed her head and leaded to his crotch.

She began to work on his cock and then another student appeared.

"Get your place in the queue, guy"Jim said him."Don't you like this wee smell
over here? Great work Mary Joe"he gasped.

It was a torture for Mare Joe and when he came, lasted even more than before,
his cock was replaced in her mouth for the other guy's one.

When Cher got back to Mary Joe's mind she discovered what had happened. She
never heard about "golden rain" and it pleased her a lot.

She also noticed Mary Joe's dyed blonde hair (Jim was not the only guy to cum in
her hair). Cher ordered her to clean her hair and to get back into the class.

Almost everybody in the crowd knew what had happened in the guys' rest room and
they saw her as the most despicable whore. Some of her companions had enjoyed
her mouth and they were whispering.

A strong wee smelt was into the class.

That afternoon Cher made another test. She wanted to know if the other could see
her if she told them she was invisible.

The test was a complete success and she machinated how to degrade even more her
"friends".

She took her brother's video camera and she decided to visit them.

Mary Joe was completely depressive and Sidney was worried about her closest
friend. Cher suggested Mary Joe to phone Sidney and to meet in her house.

Cher was waiting Sidney, invisible and armed with the video camera and her photo
camera, when she arrived they got into the house.

They went upstairs (Sidney didn't know) into Mary Joe's room. Her face was wet
with her tears and she felt cheered up with the visit of her friend.

"What had happened this morning?"asked Sidney.

"I don't know. Something had made me act the way I did. I sucked at least twenty
cocks and my cousin Jim had pissed me all".

"But what is this something?"

"I don't know Sidney-and she began to cry-I'm making odd things for the last
week. In which kind of slut is this something turning me on?"

"You know that something similar is happening to me. All the soccer team raped
me last weekend and I don't know why we had bought that kind of perverted
items-she said pointing out the package of dildoes and another toys".

Cher was not recording the speech. She let them express themselves, they cheered
up.

Party time, thought Cher and began to record. You're going to shave your cunts,
I want them smooth. You can use shaving soap and Mary Joe's father razors. Oh,
and I want a big banana deep in your cunts.

While Mary Joe went down to the kitchen and picked up a couple of big bananas
Sidney looked for the soap and the razors.

Cher found into the toys what she was looking for.

When they got into the room they tossed the first place.

Sidney was the lucky one. They peeled the bananas and they glided them into each
other cunt (their cunts were real wider than a week before). They were moaning
and Cher forbidden them to cum until she ordered to.

Mary Joe soaped her best friend crotch, that lovely black pubes.

It was the first time that Mary Joe used the razor, she worked it out. The most
delicate part, her friend's labia almost caused a tragedy but she cut the banana
instead her friend's inner lips.

Cher was real near taking close-ups and photos. She was playing with herself.
She was not there for anybody, she was invisible.

When Mary Joe finished Sidney worked in her friend's crotch.

She was more skillful than Mary Joe, she had shaven her legs a couple of times
(late she depilated her legs).

When she finished and their cunts were burning on fire Cher ordered them to eat
each other's banana (without putting them away from their position). They got a
69 position and they succeeded at the end. The bananas were completely soaked
and it became almost a pussy eating.

Get up and show me your smooth pussies-ordered Cher.

I know you want to cum, don't worry, you'll do when the time arrives. Why don't
you glide a couple of fingers into your boxes? Keep on fingering yourselves.
Your fingers are soaked, well, suck them off.

Cher suggested Mary Joe to pick up the double-dike dildo and she suggested Mary
Joe and Sidney to fuck each other with it.

They lay on the floor joined together by the dildo.

They fucked each other hard and inch by inch they were approaching shoving the
dildo deep inside their cunts.

At the end their thighs were separated by less than a centimeter, the whole
dildo into their bodies and  their hot cunts in touch."Keep on moving your
waists, why don't you struggle to get more dildo?"

They moved as hard as they could and their gasps and moan were so loud that Cher
came for the excitation.

I want you to cum as you have never came before, my sluts.

It sounded louder than a heavy metal concert. The floor was completely soaked
with their juices and they were completely attached to each other.

Cher was recording it all, what a film she was having!

And now, why don't you fuck your ass hole, Sidney, your time.

Sidney, she didn't know why, picked up one of the strap on dildoes and buckled
at her waist.

"Mary Joe, on your four"said Sidney.

Mary Joe obeyed and Sidney, with her sore slit and her plastic dick (the widest
she found) walked to Mary Joe and put some vaseline around and into her best
friend ass hole, when she glided her lubricated finger into her friend's ass
hole she screamed in pain. Sidney lubricated her ass hole walls and when she put
her finger out she tried to insert the dildo.

The dildo was one of the widest in the sex shop and Mary Joe's hole was so tight
that Sidney had to shove with all her energies to stick the tip of it. Mary Joe
was crying and screaming, her voice was louder than a soprano one.

Little by little, and with a lot of screams, the dildo was getting in.

When the whole of it was inside Mary Joe's ass hole Sidney began to pump.

"Mary Joe, cum for me"suggested Cher.

More or less what happened with Sidney was the same.

Cher had fulfilled that day's target; their crotches were shaven and their ass
holes weren't virgin any more.

"Well my girls. I'm leaving"thought Cher. They couldn't hear her, or understood
her at all but she wanted to say.

This night you will wear for me not just the usual dildo into your cunts,
besides this I want you to wear a cucumber into your ass hole. And tomorrow
morning you will lick the shit of it. Have a good night.

That night her friends ass holes stretched even more. The cucumber was cold
enough but they couldn't fight against what?

Mary Joe didn't go to high school, when Cher noticed it she suggested Mary Joe
to fuck herself the whole morning long (her three holes and she could use Rod).
As a matter of punishment she couldn't cum.

Sidney went to class but she almost couldn't be seated. Her ass ached her a lot.




(FOURTH CHAPTER)

That day they had one of the monthly classes of sex. It was a bore, completely
theoric and no images. Cher wanted to give life to it and made Sidney came as
loud as she came the night before, after the double dicked dildo.

When she finished the class gave her an ovation, they thought she was
pretending. She was completely blushed.

"What a lovely performance, Sid"said Cher lately"Have you tested it before?"

Sidney didn't answer, Cher didn't force her to.

The teacher (a fifty years old fat man) called Sidney; she went into his office.

He wanted to know why Sid had acted thay way.

She didn't know how to answer it but Cher got into her mind and forced her to
give him a blowjob.

His first dumbfound was supplied with his excitation, he was a dirty old man but
he had no chance to enjoy such young flesh. He came into her mouth and lateley
he fucked her still sore pussy.

"You deserve a punishment little slut"said the teacher"You will come here each
recess and I will teach you about sex".

Sidney knew for sure she was in trouble deep.



Mary Joe had fucked herself with each dildo and vibrator. Rod had probed her
cunt and ass. She had came at least twenty times that morning and she was
exhausted.

Cher had visited her mind from time to time and had suggested her to guide into
her cunt and ass all kind of fruits and vegetables.

When Cher arrived home she noticed that Mary Joe was so worn-out she had fallen
asleep with an incredible cucumber deep in her ass, a carrot and some cherries
in her cunt and Rod's dick in her mouth.

Cher felt sorrow of Mary Joe and let her alone the whole afternoon.

Sidney wasn't so lucky. Cher made her pick up a butt plug from the package and
shoved it in her ass. She was ordered to wear it al the afternoon long.

Cher heard her stepbrother talk about a savage brotherhood party in the
University. Sex, drugs and alcohol everywhere. She thought it was the suitable
event for her friends.

As soon as she noticed she suggested them to go to the fraternity building.

They were dressed as the whores they had become.

Nobody paid attention on them; they were the youngest there but their sluty
clothes weren't out of place. Almost the half of the crowd was drunk and they
weren't enjoying the party. And in that moment Cher ordered to get into the rest
room and to provide a good head to everybody.

It didn't take a long time. When Sidney had sucked two guys and Mary Joe three,
one of the eldest members of the brotherhood discovered them and decided
anything better to do with them (Cher was in that decision).

"What are you doing here, little bitches? Why don't you enjoy the party? Come
with me"

Cher let them go and they didn't know it was a trap. A couple of drunk guys
grabbed them, naked them and tied over a big table, spread-eagle, head to head.

"Pussy competition!" screamed one of them.

A couple of queues were made at their feet. The guys were lowering their
trousers. In Sidney's queue they were at least 25 guys, only 15 in Mary Joe's
one. The rest of the crowd was around the table and the contestants.

"Well, two queues of twenty"

Five of the Sidney's queuers went to Mary Joe's queue.

"Brothers, you know the rules. You will fuck them until you cum; when you came
you have to let the next one. The first of these two lovely sluts who made cum
her twenty guys wins.

The two first pussy fuckers took their positions and the referee, the brother
who had discovered them, whistled.

They began to pump as animals, it was a competition.

And suddenly, nobody expected it, a couple of girls went up the table, put their
knickers down and straddled over the girls' faces. They were fucked and they had
to eat pussy.

"Hi referee"-said one of the girls."The first of them who make cum ten girls,
wins".

"It's not into the rules, let's make it a friendly competition.

Sidney's fucker came first and he was replaced by the second one. Their cunts
were so wide that it was more difficult to make their fuckers cum.

Two immense pails went into the room and the non participating guys began to
masturbate them; they dropped their semen into the pails At the end they
fulfilled it at all.

Sidney was in the lead; twelve of her guys came and just ten of Mary Joe's. In
the pussy eating it was different. Mary Joe was more skillful.

The sixteenth Sidney's guy lasted an eternity and Mary Joe grained ground.

Finally Sidney won 20-19. She also came at least four times.

"It's been our shortest competitions; they are our new recordwomen"said the
referee."We want you to recover yourselves so we give you this treatment". They
were untied, their weak legs and their sore pussies.

Some of the brothers put the pails on the floor and they obliged Sidney and Mary
Joe to kneel down.

"You're gonna drink it all. Let's begin."

Sidney and Mary Joe's heads were sunk into the jism pails. They knew they had to
drink it all with their hands at their backs. They were doing it eagerly. The
girls in the party began to piss into the pails and all over the two friends
bodies.

"What a lovely taste"said the referee."What a pity, it's all for our
recordwomen. I would kill for it".

They felt nausea and they were drowning into the half-full pails when the guys
discharged more semen into them. And also one of the brothers dropped a bottle
of vodka.

Sidney thought she could never got rid of that nasty taste. Mary Joe had this
taste in her mouth for a couple of days before.

Mary Joe finished and the referee raised her hand. Her face was all soaked with
jism.

Sidney was the loser, there still left at least a quarter of the contents. One
of the brother picked the pail up and dropped the semen-piss-vodka  combination
over Sidney. She felt  humiliated bathed in semen but this feeling grown when
one of the girls pissed at her face.

"And now it's my time"said the referee.

And he ass fucked first Mary Joe and late Sidney with his massive cock. He
stretched their wide enough ass holes.

"We will give you a present"said the referee."You will get an unforgettable
memory of this night".

And one girl appeared with a box. It was plenty of rings and other piercing
elements.

Mary Joe was pierced in her nipples, her navel, her tongue, her nose and all
over her ears. With each puncture she screamed.

"And for our winner, the special medal"

Sidney was pierced in her nipples, her navel and in her pussy (three rings on
each cunt-lip). She screamed, cried, struggled with all her energies.

"What a lovely snatch. I want to use this new cunt for the first time" And the
referee fucked her. She felt an incredible disease in her labia, the rings sore
her as anything before.

Cher's stepbrother, influenced by her sis, was recording all the session.
Fantastic scenes for the movie.

He drove them to their houses. They were so humiliated and exhausted (and drunk)
they almost couldn't get into their houses. They went to bed with the dildoes in
their sure cunts, a cucumber in their ass holes and a nasty taste on their
mouths.

That saturday morning Cher saw the film of the party. She felt pity for her
friends but she was enjoying it at all. Their reputations were sunken and she
knew they were near to kill themselves. But she wanted more, maybe not a lot but
more.



Anne went to visit Cher. The blonde girl was so tired she invited Anne to get
with her into the bed. There Cher ate Anne's pussy under the sheets. Late they
were so attached to each other that their bodies became one. Their tongues
screwed in, their sweaty bodies as close as possible. Cher lead Anne to her
crotch and the redheaded began to work in her golden friend's altar, Cher
enjoyed so much being eaten. She wanted to be all her life long with a tongue in
her slit, licking her labia, caressing her clit.

Cher wanted somebody to share her actions, it would be even pleaser if everybody
else knew what was happening.

With Anne's tongue deep in her cunt, making Cher came time after time, Cher
decided that Anne was her perfect confidante.

And Anne was so deep in love with her (no hypnotical powers allowed) that Cher
was sure she would help her.

"Anne do you think I'm a bitch?"

"How? You a bitch? You're the most lovely person I've ever met"

"Maybe you haven't that opinion about me if you know what wicked things I do. Do
you know Sidney and Mary Joe?"

"William's sister and friend?"

"Yeah, you know them. I had turned them into whores, they're nearby to suicide
them and the worst of all is how much I'm enjoying it".

"If you enjoy it, it couldn't be bad. Whatever makes you feel satisfied is a
great think. What have you done to them?

Cher didn't answer; she got up and switched the video camera and the TV set on.

Anne gloated the images over, and during the filmation she shoved into her pussy
everything she found.

It was not the reaction that Cher had expected. She thought that Anne was a
reasonable grown up and that she would make her sorrow.

On the contrary, Anne was getting her best orgasms, maybe she had never seen
before the things that happened in the brotherhood party.

"Patrick talked to me about piercing"said Anne when she recovered her
breathe."He wants me to pierce my navel, maybe I will".

"Don't you think I'm a bitch?"asked Cher for the second time.

"Of course you're not. They're having the time of their lifes and they are
discovering at all what they are, just as I discovered the first time I met you"

"You've gotta know I used my hypnotical powers on you".

"And you don't know how grateful I am. My life had changed, every day, every
hour is a new experience and my dark side had come to life. I'm so good student
as I used to be (she was studying with Cher's brother) but now I know I'm not as
shy as I thought. And I owe it all to you"

"And what do you think I should do right now?"asked Cher.

"Maybe you better talk me it all since the beginning, lately we can work it
out".

Cher confessed to Anne all her wicked things and the redheaded was getting ever
more excited. Her pussy was on fire when she asked Cher to eat it.

Cher ate her friend's cunt, her head bathed in the womanhood juices and with her
friend's clit between her teeth.

Anne was moaning so loud that they didn't hear Patrick.

When he saw his stepsister kneeled eating his girlfriend's pussy he had a hardon
almost instantly.

Cher was so deep between Anne's legs she didn't notice her stepbrother was on
the room enjoying the show.

"Well, my little tiny stepsister bitch, why don't you fist-fuck my
girlfriend?"he wanted Anne to feel sorrow, he wasn't jealous but his slutty
girlfriend made his lovely stepsister ate her up (and she had to pay for it).

Cher obeyed Patrick, it wasn't unpleasant at all and if her stepbrother would
try to made her anything she didn't want she had her powers to avoid it.

Her whole hand glided easily in the fantastically well lubricated Anne's cunt;
she was moaning ever louder than before.

"You can insert your hand even deeper my sis"and Cher kept on pushing. Cher was
slightly rotating her wrist into her stepbrother's girlfriend's cunt. She hasn't
ever been so deep in anybody. When Cher couldn't bury her arm deeper Patrick
took a photo (it wasn't of his own will, Cher wanted to have a reminder of that
moment).

She noticed that her stepbrother's mind was the strongest she had ever used, she
had to make important efforts to let it go.

Cher stuck out her arm, completely soaked and began to suck it. Patrick unzipped
his jeans and his cock was as erected as an obelisk.

"Cher, suck my cock" and Cher kneeled and inserted her brother's massive cock in
her mouth. She had never given a blowjob and she noticed she didn't know how to
do it. She was licking the shaft, trying to get the whole monster deep in her
throat. Patrick helped her moving her head (he had grasped her).

She could feel how the massive cock was getting bigger and bigger in her warmth
and, suddenly and dumbfoundly she noticed it was her stepbrother's will, she
couldn't or she didn't want to control him.

She made an effort and suggested Anne to eat her cunt. It was successful, maybe
Patrick had become immune to her powers. With a cock deep in her throat, she was
getting gagged, and a tongue in her cunt Cher was enjoying her most
unforgettable afternoon. Patrick came in Cher's mouth and his stepsister
swallowed it all, she didn't know how many times she had cum in Anne's mouth.

Patrick's penis held its hardon up immediately and when Cher thought that this
loaf of meat was going to deflorate her Patrick buried it into Anne's stretched
cunt (she was on the floor with her tongue into Cher's golden pussy).

Cher, for a moment, had desired Patrick to rape her, she was so horny and wet
that she almost asked him for. But she reminded he was her stepbrother and that
affair could worsen their relationships.

Patrick came into the redheaded and seemed completely tired.

A quarter of hour late everything had ended; Patrick and Anne seemed a couple of
psychology students and Cher an angel face teen.

"I saw your friends Sidney and Mary Joe yesterday"said Patrick."They were the
main attraction of the party".

Cher and Anne knew what he was talking about but they pretended they didn't.

"What did they do"asked Cher.

"Maybe you shouldn't hear it. They had become a nasty couple of bitches" It was
his last word, fortunately he didn't suspect of her stepsister.

Cher discovered she could sail into Patrick's mind but she couldn't influence
him. And also discovered his most perverted fantasies, she felt so horny she
decided to put them into practice with Sidney and Mary Joe.




(FIFTH CHAPTER)

Sidney couldn't take away from her mouth the taste of pissed semen. She had
washed her teeth a lot of times and ate all kind of strong taste food but it
didn't work out. All her body sored as hell, her rings ached her, specially her
labia's ones.

Her parents began to suspect about her behavior; her unusual interest to
cucumbers, the way she had changed her cloth-style and specially her
irascibility. Her cunt lips kept swollen and she couldn't forget that night
party. She felt so humiliated she wanted to kill the referee.

Mary Joe wasn't better than her friend. Her piercings weren't so hidden as her
friends and everybody could notice of them.

Fortunately they didn't pierce her labia. It was her only solace; she could hear
Sidney's grunts while the savages pierced her most tender flesh. But Mary Joe
remembered her nipples felt the sorrow when they were pierced, and her pierced
tongue when she drank water. She had habituated at the semen taste in her mouth
(and almost the wee taste) so she didn't try to take it away washing her teeth
(she knew it was completely useless).

Cher had to look into her stepbrother's papers, looking for his adult reviews.
She knew that what she was looking for was there. She found it in a bdsm
magazine, she got dumbfounded when she saw the photos and when she read the
text. She selected one of the advertisements, maybe the cruelest one.

Lately Cher decided who will be the fortunate one to enjoy that special session.
Sidney was the "lucky one". Her other idea would be for Mary Joe.

Mary Joe and Sidney went together into Sid's house.

They got into her room and then they repeated the shaving. Cher, who had
suggested them to do it, wanted them to eat each other. Mary Joe paid special
attention on Sidney's pierced labia (and in the cunt-ring indeed). Sidney felt a
mixture of pleasure of pain deep inside her, maybe at all that pierce was not so
bad.

Cher let their mind free but they kept on eating each other and lately they made
use of the double dicked dildo for  their own  will.

Cher was getting excited, her friends had turned into real bitches, her work was
near to the end; her latest ideas would be a suitable climax.

Cher got surprised when Sidney picked the strap on dildo up and buckled it at
her waist. She ass fucked Mary Joe and lately she received the same attention.

Cher gave Sidney the latest order, she had to go that afternoon to the Master's
address. Cher, invisible, went with her.

The door had no signal about the activity inside.

She rang the bell and a bald woman opened the door.

"You are Sidney, aren't you".

"Yes, I am".

"The master will receive you in a couple of minutes, come with me".

Sidney paid the session in advance. If she would be the owner of her will she
wouldn't pay that incredible sum. Her credit card had enough funds.

The master was a thirty years old young, a broad smile, intelligent eyes.

"You're Sidney".

"Yes, I am".

"From now on you will say Yes, I am, master"he said."Are you sure you want what
you ordered by phone?"

Sidney didn't know what he was talking about, but without hesitation she
answered "I'm here master. Yes, I'm sure, master".

"You're my youngest client. I mustn't admit you as a client, you can carry me a
lot of troubles" indeed without Cher's actuation he had never accepted a minor
as a customer.

"Sidney, get into the playroom".

She felt frightened when she saw the room, mirrors everywhere. There were
chains, cuffs and all kind of odd instruments over there.

"Slave, strip you slowly. I want to enjoy your body".

Sidney obeyed. Cher was recording all the session. Sidney was wearing no bra or
knickers. The master was studying her, getting surprised by her customer's
piercings.

"You've been made a good job" he said studying her cunt-rings. He noticed they
were recent.

"Slut, come here" he said. The master attached her waists together with a cuff
over her head; he lifted her until the cuff's link joined a hook on the ceiling.
Her feet didn't touch the floor. The master also attached a spreader bar to her
ankles.

"Don't try to struggle, bitch. It will begin in a few seconds".

He picked a paddle up and began to thrash her ass. Sidney screamed in deep pain
as her ass was getting redder.

He stopped for a while and settled a couple of clamps in her pierced nipples. He
added a {put a suitable weight} weight to each clamp. Her pierced nipples began
to stretch and she felt they could tear. He caressed her pierced labia, playing
with the rings. Her wet was dry but he solved it in a minute.

"You're not enjoying it at all, bitch. Don't worry, you'll do".

He thrashed her ass once again even stronger than previously.

He finished paddling her ass. It had turned as red as a tomato.

Sidney could see her buttock reflected in a mirror.

"It had been an aperitif. The good times will begin real soon".

He lowered her and untied her wrists and the spreader bar.

A couple of masked assistants prepared a set of ropes; they tied them to the
ceiling hooks.

The master began to tie each rope to Sidney's wrists and ankles; the fifth one
was tied to her collar (he had settles a leather collar, a present for his
customers, with a link). Her legs were wide spread, she was fully exposed
streaming.

He settled a ball-gag in her mouth.

"I don't want a bitch to shoo away my neighbors. If you close your eyes I will
stop until you open them. You have to see the scene. That's what the mirrors are
for".

He picked up a nine tails cat and thrashed the air.

"After each hit I want you to lift your hips just to expose your lips. I will
apply vaseline on them; it won't decrease the pain but I don't want you to
blood".

He settled the vaseline in her pierced labia and began to thrash her wide open
pussy.

Sidney couldn't believe that a so painful thing could exist. She lifted her hips
the first five time but she couldn't (not enough energy) the sixth time.

"You can't disobey your master. You'll be punished."

He caressed her sore labia (she felt a frightful pain inside), he picked up a
cucumber and he shoved it deep in her ass. She didn't react as he expected (he
didn't know that almost six hours a day her ass was filled with a bigger
cucumber than this).

"Oh, I can park my car in your slutty ass hole".

He  called one of his assistants, a masked woman with pierced nipples joined by
a golden chain (also attached to a big ring in her cunt), and he ordered her to
glide her whole arm into Sidney's ass hole.

Sidney tried to struggle against the invader but she couldn't.

When the girl's elbow were into her ass hole the master began to whip her cunt.
He also thrashed his assistant arm but she didn't protest. He whipped her at
least fifty times, she lifted her hips after each one and she didn't close her
eyes.

He finished the session. He untied her and said good-bye to her.

Her crotch was as swollen as if a billion bees had stung it. She almost couldn't
walk, her face was wet with her tears and her ass and ass hole sore her even
more than her crotch.

Cher went with her to her house.

"Well, it's Mary Joe last time. Nice to meet you, Sidney".

Cher began to work in Sidney's mind. She wanted to confort her, it had been the
last time she played with her.

Cher went to Mary Joe's house. She made her open the door and wait her in her
room with Blinky, her Saint Bernard.

She made Mary Joe strip in front of Blinky and spread honey in her cunt and in
her ass hole.

Blinky didn't react (Cher knew that she could work with its mind but she
preferred Mary Joe's one) and Mary Joe was getting closer to her dog. It smelt
the honey and began to lap it, probing with its tongue deep into Mary Joe's
pussy (she was on her four). She came with the tongue in her cunt. Lately Blinky
lapped the honey in her ass hole. At the end the Saint Bernard jumped and guided
its massive dog cock into her cunt.

The fucking lasted a lot of time (Mary Joe was continuously cumming) and when
Blinky came inside her (and its cock got enough smaller) stuck it out.

Mary Joe grabbed its flaccid cock and put it in her mouth.

She gave her dog a head and its jism tasted different than the human.

"Nice to meet you Mary Joe" thought Cher and left her with Blinky, playing her
own will games.



That monday Sidney and Mary Joe didn't go to high school.

Sidney was recovering of the session and Mary Joe was playing with Blinky.

Cher made one of the teacher put one biology movie, she changed it previously by
her two friends one.

Everybody in the high school could see their companions' attitude.

They never went back to high school.

Sidney and Mary Joe left Beverly Hills and went to live together in Las Vegas. A
couple of years late they opened a brothel and they earned money enough to
afford their perversions. Mary Joe loved animals, she bought a farm and Sidney
became the madam of the business.

Cher didn't work with them, she only visited their minds from time to time to
know about their lives.

The end.

Jorge Garcia.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jorge Garcia


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





