BDSM Library - Boobytrapped: A Love Story




Boobytrapped: A Love Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A college student visits a friend from high school and stumbles upon a roommate's bondage gear. Curiousity kills the cat.
The following text is a work of fiction. Any resemblance of characters to actual
persons, living or dead, is probably caused by my picturing them when writing
the story. No, wait, they're fictional. Totally fictional.

(c)2003 by Restrained



Boobytrapped, a Love Story

by Restrained



"Christ, finally!" Jeanette exclaimed when she spotted a blue Honda pulling out
of a curbside space. She'd been circling the block for almost 20 minutes since
pulling off the freeway into the densely-populated college town, pausing every
20 feet or so to allow for drunken revelers stumbling into the street out of the
dark. This, on top of a two-hour drive from Malibu had made her very eager to
get out of her car for a while. She turned on her blinker warningly when a red
Toyota slowed near her space, but the other driver wisely moved on and Jeanette
carefully squeezed her Jetta into the gap.

After retrieving her bag from the back seat and chirping her alarm, Jeanette got
her bearings and started down the block toward 6323. The dilapidated condition
of most of the houses along the street seemed strange juxtaposed with the
expensive-looking new cars that lined both curbs and filled the driveways. She
walked up the driveway to 6323 Dos Pescados.

This house, on the sea-side of the street, was nicer than most. It was a
two-story, with light blazing out of every window. There were three cars stacked
in the driveway.

Jeanette took a quick moment to check herself in the mirror of a white BMW. Her
dark, curly hair was a bit flat after the drive, but other than that she thought
she looked pretty good. She walked up and knocked on the door.

A young Korean woman with candy apple-red hair answered the door. She wore her
hair in two short pigtails. Jeanette noted her sort of punk outfit with
bafflement: jeans raggedly cut off at clamdigger length, a thin black dog collar
around her throat, and a belly shirt bearing the cryptic slogan "Exact Change
Only."

"Hi, are you Jeanette? Lissa's upstairs, come on in," she said with rapid-fire
delivery.

Jeanette walked in and followed the Korean girl into a reasonably well-appointed
living room.

"I'm Sunie," the girl said, leaning backward against the bar that separated the
kitchen from the living room. She gestured over toward a young guy lounging on
the large couch. "That's Brian."

Brian, a scruffy-looking grunge-type, waved briefly, then returned his attention
to the TV, which was showing some sort of game show or extreme sports
competition, Jeanette wasn't sure.

"Hey Lissa!" Sunie yelled. "Your friend's here!" She turned back and smiled at
Jeanette. "Drop the bag, stay awhile."

Jeanette laughed and put her bag on the counter.

"So," she asked casually, "Do you guys live here with Lissa?"

"I do," Sunie said, taking a sucker from a bowl on the counter. "Brian's my
boyfriend. He kinda lives with me at the moment." She offered Jeanette a sucker,
which she declined.

"Do you go to UC?" Jeanette asked.

"Yeah," Sunie said around the sucker. "Physics. You?"

"Pepperdine," Jeanette said, embarassed as usual by the assumptions people
generally made about her based on her school. "Pre-law."

"Cool." Sunie glanced at Jeanette's clothes. "You go to high school with Lissa?"

"Uh huh." Jeanette looked around. "How many roommates do you guys have?"

"Five of us, total. There's four bedrooms. Lissa's got hers. Her roommate is
gone for Spring Break. Me and Brian share one, but he doesn't count. Kat, who's
out on a fishing trip or something (she's a marine biologist), has one, and our
other roommate, Ian, has his own, too. He's physics, too."

"Is that how you know him?" Jeanette asked idly.

Sunie smiled crookedly. "Nope."

Any follow-up Jeanette might have asked was trumped by a shout from the stairs,
as Lissa bounced down them and ran over to her. "You made it!"

Lissa grabbed Jeanette and gave her a near-throttling hug.

"Wow, you look great," Lissa said.

Jeanette smiled, noting that, as usual, Lissa looked better than she did. Blonde
hair, perfect. Perfect body. A twinge of familiar envy briefly passed through
her, but she discarded it quickly.

"You too."

"What are we drinking?" Lissa said to Sunie.

"I was going to make some margaritas," Sunie said, looking querulously at
Jeanette, who nodded enthusiastically.

Sunie smiled and went into the kitchen. "We rented some DVD. Brian! What movie?"

"Beautiful Mind," Brian said, without looking up.

"Sounds boring," Lissa said, "But Russell Crowe can bore me anytime!"

Jeanette groaned but Sunie cracked up.

Ice, a blender, and a few hundred watts later, they were all sipping some decent
strawberry margaritas. The chitchat wandered from college (almost over) to grad
school. Brian and Lissa had no plans, Jeanette had her LSAT coming up, Lissa had
already been accepted to some school Jeanette had never heard of. The DVD was
forgotten in favor of some reality game show in which contestants were covered
with live leeches. Jeanette nursed her margaritas a bit, though she got
pleasantly buzzed. Lissa and Sunie were a little ripped and Brian loosened up
quite a bit and proved pretty funny.

A little after 1 AM, Lissa yawned.

"Well, I'm going to hit it," she said. "Jinny, let me get you set up in Kat's
room."

"Set her up in Ian's room," Sunie said, laughing, "She'd get a kick out of it."

"Ha ha," Lissa said dryly. She grabbed Jeanette's bag off of the counter and
headed upstairs.

"What's wrong with Ian's room?" Jeanette asked, not wanting to miss the joke.

"Oh, nothing. It's just... Ian's a kind of strange guy, you know?"

"Um, no."

Lissa opened one of the three doors at the top of the hall, revealing a small
but nice and clean bedroom. She put Jeanette's bag next to the bed.

"Well," she said, "He's ... you know, not scary or anything, just one of those
kind of Goth-types. Room's all decorated in black and stuff. Not creepy, just a
little off."

"Oh. All the Goth guys I know are gay."

"Well, he's not gay, that's for sure," Lissa said with a wicked smile. They both
laughed.

"Are you guys...?" Jeanette said vaguely.

"Not exactly," Lissa said. "Anyway, this room is the only one without a
bathroom, but I don't know when Ian's coming back."

"No, it's fine. I just want to sleep now, anyways."

"See you in the morning, then," Lissa said, closing the door.

Jeanette sat down on the bed, kicked off her boots, and laid back. It had been a
long day but she wasn't the least bit tired. She picked up a Stephen King book
off of Kat's nightstand and read a few pages before putting it down again.

She sat up and pulled her overnight bag out of her larger one. Peeking out into
the hall, she remembered Lissa saying the other two bedrooms had bathrooms. She
knocked lightly on the one across from hers and got no response, but she could
hear running water. Peeking in, she saw a girl's bedroom and a closed door to
what must be the bathroom.

Jeanette looked briefly at the third door, presumeably Ian's, and thought
briefly about using his bathroom before deciding to use the one downstairs, next
to Sunie's bedroom. She started downstairs but stopped about halfway down at the
sight of Brian and Sunie. Jeanette stared for a moment.

Sunie was straddling Brian on the couch, moving up and down slowly. Her hands
were behind her back and Jeanette could see Brian holding her wrists there with
one hand. His other hand held the black collar she wore, pulling it tight
against her throat and forcing her to almost lean backward. Sunie's face was
flushed, her eyes closed, but she was clearly enjoying herself. Jeanette watched
transfixed as Sunie moaned and struggled a bit, but obviously was none too eager
to escape.

Slowly, Jeanette backed up the stairs. She sat down at the top of them and
listened to the faint sounds from below. Her hand wandered briefly toward her
crotch before she stopped it and she felt a flare of embarassment at her own
excitement.

As quietly as possible, she went back into Kim's room and shut the door.

Damn, she thought, he was fucking her like ...

She couldn't even complete the thought. Jeanette didn't consider herself a
prude. She wasn't a virgin or anything so quaint, but she'd only been with Matt,
her ex-boyfriend. He was good-looking, funny, and all that, and he had been
pretty ... standard, she supposed. A good time, but not particularly exciting.
"I've had too much to drink," she laughed at herself.

But she still needed a bathroom. She opened the bedroom door and crept into the
hall. She could still hear water running in Lissa's room, but nothing from
downstairs. She felt briefly tempted to walk downstairs, interruptions or no.

Or maybe, she thought, I'd like to interrupt them. Maybe they'd decide I needed
to be taught a lesson ...

She shook her head to clear it, and seriously wondered at where her mind was
wandering.

Jeanette walked to Ian's door and knocked on it softly. As expected, there was
no answer. She opened it gingerly and peeked in. Quickly, she ducked into the
room and closed the door behind her. She felt for and found a light switch, and
the room was bathed in cool light from a floor lamp in the corner.

It was pretty much what she'd expected. Kind of goth-arty with a big
black-bedspreaded bed. A sturdy-looking black leather and stainless steel chair
sat in front of a clutter-free black desk. Some cables on the desk probably
meant a laptop got parked there occasionally. A few posters of bands she'd never
heard of were on the walls, but the decor was pretty sparse, otherwise. On the
far side of the desk, an open door presumably led to the bathroom, while a
closet door sat closed on the opposite wall, next to a window with drawn blinds.

Jeanette was a bit let down by the plainness of the room, having expected
something more faux-sinister. She made for the bathroom and closed the door.
Changing into her pajamas, washing her face, and brushing her teeth took a few
moments, then Jeanette sat down to use the toilet.

She found her mind wandering again. The image of Brian holding Sunie,
controlling her, occupyied her thoughts. She squirmed a little, and was tempted
to masturbate then and there, but the thought of doing it on some strange guy's
toilet seat was a bit much. She finished up and washed, still bothered by the
weird feelings that had come over her.

After making sure the bathroom looked pretty much as it had when she came in,
Jeanette flicked off the lights and walked out into Ian's room, closing the door
behind her. She thought she might take a quick peek in Ian's closet, still
looking for something to justify Lissa's weird description of the guy, but she
cursed and bit her lip when she accidentally kicked something hard lying next to
the bed.

Sitting down on the bed and nursing her toe, Jeanette glared angrily at the
culprit, a fist-sized, metallic thing like a small bike lock. Her glare turned
to puzzlement and then disbelief as she reached down to pick the object up.

It was actually two cuffs, joined by a short chain. The cuffs swung open
heavily. She was staring at a pair of heavy-duty handcuffs. Shackles, more like,
she thought. They were very heavy, perhaps five or ten pounds, but sleek and
somehow almost attractive in their design. "Clejuso Nr. 15" was engraved on each
cuff, next to a keyhole.

"Oh my god," she whispered, supressing a giggle. She looked down at the carpet
and saw a pair of small keys and a thought gripped her. She thought of Sunie
wearing these cuffs, hands behind her back, while Brian fucked her. She was
embarrassed, even by herself, at the thought, but it wouldn't go away.

Suddenly, she remembered Lissa's remark about getting together with Ian.

Lissa, in these, she thought. I wonder if he used them on her. She pictured
Lissa, wrists imprisoned in the heavy cuffs, held down on the very bed she sat
on while the mysterious Ian did ... whatever he wanted to her.

It was too much. Jeanette put the cuffs on the bed and her right hand went into
her pajama bottoms. Even a slight touch surprised her at how wet she'd become,
and she massaged herself gently. She looked down at the cuffs and thought about
them on her own wrists, thought about herself in Lissa's or Sunie's place,
helpless. She looked again at the keys on the ground and a perverse impulse
gripped her.

Picking up the handcuffs, she gingerly put her left wrist in one and closed it
with a ratcheting sound. She paused for a moment, as the sound had been louder
than she'd expected, but there was no sound outside the door. She put her right
wrist in the other cuff and ratcheted it closed as well. The cold metal fit her
wrists very closely and there was no way she could get out of the cuffs without
the key.

She put her cuffed hands in her lap, again sliding her right hand into her
pajama bottoms. Even a small amount of stimulation from her hand was enough to
trigger a startlingly strong orgasm and Jeanette practically bounced on the bed
with the sensation. Finally, she laid back across the bed, putting her cuffed
hands above her head and imagining a hand holding them there. She closed her
eyes and breathed heavily for a moment before reality gradually caught up with
her.

Jeanette sat up, smiling and red-faced. She bent down to pick up the keys and
carefully maneuvered her hands to insert the key.

It didn't fit.

Jeanette's expression turned quickly from frustration to puzzlement to alarm.

"Oh, fuck," she said quietly. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck."

She got up and knelt down on the floor, scanning under the bed for another set
of keys. There was nothing else under the bed. Trying to stay calm, Jeanette
went first to the desk, trying to open the drawers. They were locked. Then she
tried the closet. Locked.

"Oh dammit, dammit, dammit, shit," she cursed. The cuffs were heavy on her
wrists and she couldn't do much with her hands other than pull vainly on the
closet doorknob.

A door opened out in the hall. Jeanette froze.

A moment later, a soft knock came at the door.

"Ian, are you back?" Lissa said softly from outside.

Jeanette hurriedly tried to get the bathroom door open. One of the cuffs struck
the door with a loud clunk. She heard the door open behind her and she quickly
stuck her cuffed hands under her pajama top.

"Ian? Hey-- Oh! Sorry, Jinnie," Lissa said when she saw Jeanette. She wore only
a long T-shirt. "I thought you were Ian, and ... Oh, were you using the
bathroom?"

"Yeah. Yes," Jeanette said too quickly, nodding for unneeded emphasis.

Lissa looked at her strangely, stepping into the room and closing the door
behind her. "Are you okay?"

Jeanette's heart was pounding and her face was rapidly going red. "Yeah, I just
wanted to finish ... I forgot my ... overnight bag in the bathroom," she
managed, gesturing lamely with her left shoulder at the door.

Lissa smiled quizzically. "Do ... do you have something under your shirt?"

"No, I'm just tired ... I just, um, got some water on it and I wanted it to dry
...?"

Lissa walked toward Jeanette, who couldn't back up more than a single step
before bumping into the wall. Lissa lifted the bottom of Jeanette's shirt,
revealing the silver cuffs. Her hand shot to her mouth.

"Oh, shit," she said, giggling. Jeanette turned even redder.

"Lissa, I am SO sorry," she said, nearing tears. "I am so ... I just thought ...
I tripped, stubbed my toe on them and I saw them and the key and I was just --
God, I'm sorry," she sobbed.

Lissa hugged her, inadvertently pushing the cold cuffs up between them. She
looked Jeanette in the eye, smiling.

"It's okay, it's okay."

"God, I am so embarassed."

"I know. Believe me, I know," Lissa said with an odd smile.

"What do you mean?"

Lissa laughed a little and bounced up onto the bed. She sat on it, leaning back,
with her legs dangling over the side. She gave Jeanette an arch look.

"That's how he got me," she said.

"What? No!" Jeanette giggled, her embarassment mitigated by the idea she might
not have been the only person to do something so stupid.


She wiped her eye and sat down on the leather chair, facing her friend.


Lissa nodded. "A while back, we had a party. Some couple had locked themselves
in my bathroom and I really had to pee, so I came in here. When I came out of
the bathroom, I thought I'd sneak a quick look at Ian's closet, because I'd ...
heard a thing or two. I saw a few things that, well, I'd never seen before,
anyway."

"Geez, me too," Jeanette laughed. I was going to snoop a little bit because of
what you said earlier.

Accidentally kicked these." She held up her shackled hands.

"And the rest is history," giggled Lissa.

"So how'd you get them off?"

"Well, after the fake key thing, I looked around for a bit, but finally put a
towel over them and went to find Ian." She paused, her expression unreadable.

"And?" Jeanette prompted. "Where was the key?"

"Ian had it," Lissa said with a puckish grin.

"Oh, crap."

Lissa nodded.

"Well where the hell is he?" Jeanette was becoming alarmed again.

"I don't know," Lissa said. "I know he's not out of town, but I haven't seen him
since this morning."

"Oh shit, Liss, you have got to be kidding me!"

"Calm down, calm down," her friend chided. "He'll probably be back later."

"Yeah, but what am I supposed to do, say 'Hey strange guy, I was snooping in
your room and fell for your little handcuff trick, please let me go?'"

Lissa laughed. "Pretty much."

Jeanette sighed.

"C'mere," Lissa said, patting the bed next to her. "Don't sit there and pout."

Jeanette got up and sat on the bed next to her friend.

"So," Lissa said, "What motivated the self-bondage experiment?"

"Shut up!" Jeanette shoved her with her shoulder as Lissa snickered.

"No, really," Lissa said, smiling now, "what gives?"

"I don't know, really. I guess ..." Jeanette shook her head. "I guess I've never
really had somebody, you know, 'take charge.' It's ... sex just seems kind of
... dull, sometimes. Then I saw--" she stopped, embarassed.

"Saw what?" Lissa prodded.

"Well, I was looking for the bathroom and I saw Sunie ... and ... and Brian. On
the couch. And they were ... I mean, they were really going at it. He was
holding her wrists behind her back and had her by that dog collar thing she
wears and ... I don't know. It just, like, flipped a switch in me or something."

"Wow." Lissa looked sideways at Jeanette, her head cocked at an angle. "So you
were wondering, what? What it would be like if a guy took you like that?"

Jeanette shook her head slightly. "It was the sight of her, really. That kind of
tense helplessness. I had images of it running through my head. Some of myself
... some of her, even." She blushed in embarassment.

Lissa laughed quietly. "What, none of me? I feel left out."

Jeanette reddened even more and Lissa's smile dropped to a sly grin.

"Oh, you are a bad one, aren't you?" she taunted. She reached over and grabbed
the chain between Jeanette's cuffs.

Jeanette started in shock. Her heart was pounding, all of a sudden. She pulled
back, a bit, but Lissa had a good grip on the chain.

Lissa twisted and stood up on the floor, almost straddling Jeanette's knees. She
bent forward, pulling the chain up toward her chin.

"So what images did you have of me, Jeanette? Bound and helpless? But it's you,
really, isn't it?" Her face was predatory.

Jeanette, breathing hard, found no answer. She shook her head slightly, a if
denying what was happening. Lissa leaned in on her, pulling her cuffed hands
upward and over her head. Jeanette was pulled backward til she was lying on the
bed, Jeanette only inches above her. She could feel Lissa's weight pressing
their breasts together. She felt heat as Lissa's pussy pressed against hers --
heat from both of them.

"Lissa, I'm ... I'm not ..."

Lissa smiled and shushed her, "Shhh, I know, I know. It's hard. Tell me you
don't want this. Tell me to stop. Tell me anything you want, and I'll keep doing
what I think you want." She pulled back a bit, locking eyes with Jeanette. "But,
say 'tortoise,' and that's it." She waited.

Jeanette understood Lissa's meaning. If she said "tortoise," a word totally out
of context, all of this would stop immediately. But if she didn't, she was giving 
Lissa license to do anything she wanted. She opened her mouth to speak. She'd say 
it, and they could just laugh and go to bed. The word died in her throat as she 
stared into Lissa's eyes, felt her wrists, pressed to the bed in the heavy cuffs.

"Lissa, please ..."

Lissa broke into a feral grin. She sat up, straddling Jeanette's hips, and pulled
off her T-shirt. Jeanette breathed in sharply, still shaking her head feebly. She
realized, with sudden embarassment, that she was grinding her crotch against her
friend's through her pajama bottoms.

Suddenly, Lissa's weight was off of her, and she found herself alone on the bed.
She looked up in frustrated puzzlement.

"We should really retire to my room," Lissa said. "Just in case. We wouldn't
want you getting out of those cuffs too soon, would we?" She helped Jeanette
stand and steadied her, as she wobbled a bit. Then she grabbed the handcuff
chain in one hand and led her captive to the hall door. She opened it a crack.

"Coast is clear," she reported, and pulled Jeanette with her into the hall and
quickly into her own room. Closing the door behind them, she released her hold
on the chain.

Jeanette looked uncertainly at the bed and then back at Lissa.

"Oh, not yet," Lissa whispered. She knelt down in front of Jeanette and loosened
the bound girl's pajama bottoms. Slowly, almost excruciatingly slowly, she
pulled them over Jeanette's hips and ass and down her legs. Just as slowly, she
slid back up Jeanette's body, her hands caressing every curve.

Jeanette breathed heavily. This was more than just erotic contact like they'd
had in the other room. She knew she could stop it, but she also knew she
wouldn't. She shuddered as Lissa's hands slid up inside her pajama top and
cupped her breasts. Lissa's face rose before hers, the height advantage was
Jeanettes, but she felt small. Lissa was in control and Jeanette could see that
in her eyes she knew it.

Lissa leaned forward, pulling Jeanette toward her, and kissed her. Jeanette
nearly fell over, and would have, had Jeanette not been holding her. She found
herself sitting and then lying back on Lissa's wide bed, her hands raised above
her head once more, fingertips lightly touching the brass bars of the headboard.

Lissa straddled her on the bed again, and leaned forward til her breasts nearly
rested on Jeanette's face. She was fiddling with something, with Jeanette's
hands. When she leaned back, Jeanette pulled and felt her hands bound to the
headboard. She looked upward and saw a simple black belt wrapped around the bars
and looped around the chain between her cuffs.

Lissa leaned forward then, her weight pressing fully on Jeanette's bound form.
She paused for a moment, looking like nothing so much as a cobra preparing to
strike, then planted a fierce kiss on Jeanette, pressing her into the bed. She
slid down Jeanette's body, pulling up the front of her top to trace the route
with her tongue. Lissa lingered on Jeanette's already erect nipples before
sliding down her belly and finally reaching her pussy.

Her tongue rasped across Jeanette's swollen clit like a match striking, and the
bound girl yanked at the cuffs holding her, gasping. Lissa was bold and sure of
herself. She teased Jeanette's pussy mercilessly, working steadily with a finger
inside her and her tongue batting Jeanette's clit almost randomly. She had a
damnable rhythm that kept Jeanette straining, wanting, but just short of orgasm.

Finally, Jeanette felt it building beyond control. She pressed her hips upward,
trying reflexively to smash them against Lissa's mouth, but Lissa was ready for
that. She pulled back, suddenly and expertly flipped her friend onto her
stomach. As Jeanette's wave broke and the orgasm surged over her, one of Lissa's
hands still stroked in and out of her pussy, while the other delivered an
open-handed slap to her ass. It was like a jolt of electricity, over and above
the orgasm, and Jeanette thrashed on the bed uncontrollably. She cried out,
finally, and sagged to the bed, gasping for air.

Lissa turned her back over and lay next to her, kissing and comforting her. She
undid the belt and Jeanette rolled into her, sobbing with the sheer shock of it
all. Within a minute, Jeanette was sound asleep, clinging to lissa's
sweat-sheened naked body. Lissa smiled and closed her eyes, anticipating an
interesting weekend.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Restrained


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





