BDSM Library - Mine




Mine
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A beautiful girl is abducted and brought in a far castle, where she's enslaved by a sadistic Master, that enjoys tying, torturing, raping and deeply controlling her, in a good variety of ways. Although, sometimes, he likes allowing his slave some indulgences, so that he soon succeeds in completely bent the girl to his control. Many chapters are planned.
Mine

(M/f, NC, Real., Abduction, Enslav., Tort, Rape, Enema, Modif., Chastity Belt)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com





Brief

A beautiful girl is abducted and brought in a faraway castle. There, she's
enslaved by a sadistic Master, that enjoys tying, torturing, raping and deeply
controlling her, in a good variety of ways. Although, sometimes, he likes
allowing his slave some indulgences, so that he soon succeeds in completely bent
the girl to his dominion.

Many chapters are planned.





Introduction

Dear reader (... if there will be one at least ...), this is a descriptive
realistic enslavement tale of a physically and psychologically ideal and perfect
creature. There is not a great plot, only few turn up now and then, and only in
the following chapters.

In fact this is only the first chapter of at least ten. There are new ideas in
each of them (not all of them are absolutely original, of course). I hope you
will enjoy it.




The arrival (01o Chap.)

(M/f, NC, Real., Abduction, Enslav., Tort, Rape, Enema, Modif., Chastity Belt)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com





How is not important, the important thing is that I've got power, money and
power.

In this little lonely land I can do whatever I want.

Around people love me, and in the case, they would even protect me.

I've given them some benefit with my business. The secret is simple, take care
of own affairs without exceeding, without exploiting too much the others, at
least not the nearest others.

In a third world country like this is not difficult thing, if you have a certain
sum to invest.

In these terms I'm a king. A king in my castle. A castle in the desert.

Trust me, you would like it. So much!

My castle is beautiful, architecturally and ornamentally, but although it looks
like a fortitude, is impenetrable from the outside and chiefly, from the inside.

Everything is computer and camera controlled. It is whole discreetly comparted:
every person allowed to enter in the castle wears, voluntarily or involuntary, a
marker, like a bracelet or a collar, like that of anti-shoplifting. The computer
is, hence, able to hide a person to another by simply locking some doors in the
right sequence. The insulation level is definable and it could start from the
simple physique separation to the absolute conceal, physical, audio, olfactory.

Hence is possible to allow workers to take care of the inside of the castle and
at the same time to receive some guests, avoiding any contact among them and the
labours.

Sure, you can't ask to all kinds of guest to wear a marker, but the computer
doesn't allow non marked people leaving the safe zones.

For the workers is simpler matter: to work to the castle it is mandatory to wear
a jacket or some similar thing. If they were it off, an alarm would ring and
that employee would be estranged from the castle.

Another kind of guest... HAS TO wear a special marking collar, very resistant,
and, in the implausible case that the collar is removed, the alarm would ring
and the special guest would be immediately confined in the room where it is. 

Almost perfect you know?

My first bedroom is adorable, fresh, relaxant, spacious. But I almost never stay
there. I prefer my second bedroom. My enormous second bed is all furnished.
Between straps on the mattress, chains from the bedposts and rings on the
canopy, it is possible to fasten a girl in any desired pose. The only limit is
your fantasy.

Also the first dungeon is very furnished. In this dungeon fantasy is not a
problem since is enough stimulated. It is a big room, with a great lot of
instruments, and a rack, wooden horse, gynaecological table with strong
stirrups, restrained chairs, chains from the ceiling, cuffs from the walls,
cages, a beautiful girl cuffed in a cell... still fainted on the cot: my new
toy.

The second dungeon ... ... maybe later we will talk about it, now I need to
prepare the girl for her awakening, and her becoming.

She doesn't know what she has just happened her yet, I will explain her soon.

First I remove her the steel manacles and I put her on four comfortable stuffed
leather cuffs, and I tighten them a little in place. They set snugly but without
jeopardizing the blood circulation.

I bring a seat to the centre of the dungeon and I sit her on it. I connect her
wrist cuffs to two chains that come from two ceiling points, rather distant
among them.

I then connect her ankle cuffs to chains that come from two openings in the
floor, even distant.

With a remote I withdraw the four chains. My unconscious captive is now sat with
her arms spread at the level of her shoulder and her legs semi spread. Her skirt
keeps her knees wide only 30 cm, while her feet are more apart. This pose is
more excited, because it valorizes her bottom. What haunches!

She doesn't wear pantyhose and she lost the shoes, but I would substitute them
any way.

She's 23, and she's very beautiful. Slim waist but full breast. She is wearing a
bra, and although I can't define yet the exact form of her breast, it is at
least 36D, or even DD.  

She had a lot of care of herself, her long legs are carefully depilated, surely
with depilatory wax. At this moment I can well see only her shin bones and feet,
but is already possible to guess that her legs are magnificent, formed an
slender at the same time, a dream.

Her long, lightly curled red hairs are disarranged now, but not too much,
despite the trek.

I am impatient to see again her stunning green eyes; will they be pleading or
defiant?

Because the long travel, she stinks a little, but not for long again, soon she
will perfume anew, and only for me.

It is time to gag her, she's near to wake up. After having softly explored these
inviting lips, I put her a rubber covered ring gag, and I buckle the gag straps
behind her head, under her hair. I insert a plug in the ring-gag and I bolt it
in place. I chose a plug that dips for 3 cm in her mouth and that has some holes
to allow her to breath and also to vomit, in the case. Her stomach might
contain, in fact, some liquids. And for the few next days I will provide her
only almost liquid foods, to avoid she suffocates, since she's not accustomed to
take a gag for many hours at day ... and night, yet.

Ok, now I leave the dungeon, I will return when she will be well awakened, ready
to understand my words.

I rejoin my special guest 3 hours later.

She's awakened. And she's standing! She rose her skirt up to the buttock to
parting more her knees and now she stares at me puzzled, with arms widened at
the waist level and legs spread a little more than half meter. I can see her
white panties between her inner thighs, and especially I can admire entirely her
naked, stimulatingly parted, beautiful legs: a spectacle. I need to whip them as
soon as possible.

I ignore her attempts to talk me, I push aside the chair and with the remote I
widen more her ankles, to 1.2 meters, then I elevate her arms just that they are
almost completely widened at 45 degrees up. I don't lift her from the ground, I
like to see my victims squirm under my attentions, then I usually leave them
some slack.

I drew behind her a little desk with some tools above, I approach behind her and
I support my hands on her sides. She's very exposed:

&lt;You are gagged cause I'm not interested on your arguments. You'd better
understand immediately that by now, my words are the most important things for
you. My words and my wishes, in truth&gt;.

While I speak she continues wriggling and articulating bellows: my wait is
ended.

I withdraw some footstep, I grab a single tail whip and I strike her hips about
ten times each one. I stop with big effort, her smothered howls are invitations
to continue, each contortion exposes new targets, I'm really getting on.

I approach again behind her, I wrap her belly with my left hand, I lean out over
her right shoulder and with my right hand I turn her face to mine. She's still
crying, howling subdued. Tears strain from her wet green eyes. Now she will
listen to me:

&lt;As I was telling you, my words and my wishes are the most important things
for you now.

In this moment I'm not interested to anything that you might see. Later, perhaps
in few hours, perhaps in several days, you will be allowed to pose me some
question, but, make a lot of attention,&gt; I tighten the grip on her chin
&lt;you must have great care of your questions, because I will never lie to you,
never! I'm not obliged to answer you, but if I will do, I will say you only the
truth. Do not ask what you do not really want to know! Do you understand?&gt; no
response.&lt;Do you understand what I'm saying?&gt; nothing. I withdraw again
and I repeat the whipping, but this time of 15 strokes each leg, and this time I
have her thighs wrapped from the whip up to the inner.

&lt;Do you understand my words?&gt; This time the answer "yes" or better
"yeeeees" it is clearly comprehensible also through the gag, and for good
measure she is also nodding violently.

I take back the position at her back. Her amazing eyes are lovely pleading now.

&lt;I will never lie to you. This is my first obligation toward you,
remember.&gt; And it is truth. &lt;My second and last obligation is that I will
not disfigure you, or kill you, unless you try to disfigure me, harm me or kill
me. If you do this, with or without success, I will be fierce with you. I will
drag you in my second dungeon, in which I have medieval torture instruments,
from which operating doesn't exist recover. Please, do not force me to use it!
Do never make attempts to my health and security. Any other disobedience or
breach will be punished here, in this room. Every thing you may see in this
dungeon, and you will know everything what it contains, are built to inflict
pain, to amuse a sadistic like me, but it is also studied to not harm the
victim... to not harm you&gt; she's really scared now, but she stares at me
attentively. She will never forget these words, sure. &lt;I will whip you again
and again, but every whip in this room are not bleeding. Perhaps I will brand
you in some way, impressing forever my own on you, but without disfiguring you,
never impairing you in any way.&gt;

Again warm tears, she begins understanding her new condition.

Now I slide my left hand up, slowly to her breast. I softly knead alternatively
the left and the right full tit through the suit. I ponder them, they weigh a
lot. And while she swings the head and her chest to avoid my touch, I slide my
other hand down, under the edge of the already rose skirt, I rise more the
skirt, and finally I slide slowly under the fabric of her panties. She is
fighting my right hand now, lowering her pelvis the most possible, howling more
desperately, but no avail, between her and the fabric, my hand is already
caressing the shaggy mound. I slide over her pussy and my middle finger tenderly
slips between her moist warm lips, it plunges undulating few time 2-3 cm inside
her. By means of my left hand, still freely working on the big breast, I can
feel that my slave is gasping, exposing even more her libidinous tits.

I suddenly retire, and with a no point knife, I cut her suits in one motion,
from her nape to her butt. I cut the remains drawstrings and she is naked. I
turn few times around her, studying her, admiring her:

The waist is slim like I imagined, her red striped legs are better than those of
a mannequin, flat belly, not only for her position, is really flat!

Red pussy hairs. But the most beautiful surprise is the breast!

Her tits are full, but not really firm. They are a little saggy, like two big
dropping water-balloon, with two dark pink areolas on the tip and, at the centre
of the areola, they rises, for more than 1,5 cm, two suckables nipples, 1,5 cm
at least of diameter.

This kind of form is perfect for bound-breast torture and besides, it reveals,
over every doubt, that her breast is natural.

I've been very lucky this time.

I cannot withstand anymore. I grab the whip and I begin to whip her, slowly
turning around her. Her smoothed cries fill the room, her struggles turns me on,
I must be cautious, she's too attractive, I risk to overdoing. I force myself to
space the strikes, carefully selecting the target: below her left tit, over the
right, onto the centre of her luxurious back, on the left buttock high, onto the
right buttock high, on the left buttock low, on the rear hips... and again, and
again, on her belly, on her front hips, also on her calves... . I'm unable to
stop, but, after about 15 minutes, little time if you watch TV, but endless if
you are whipped for the first time, she fortunately (for herself) releases her
bladder.

I laugh loudly and I stop whipping her. Instead my prey is weeping loudly,
swinging her head from one shoulder to the other in misery.  

I wash the floor with the hose and I take a bottle of healing oil. I sprinkle it
profusely all over her panicky and trembling body, agreeably massaging it with
my hungry hands. I massage and I explore her, flowing over her long legs,
outside them and between them, up to the capitulate pussy, in every crevice,
probing her holes, circling her round and fascinating welted buttocks, and her
magnificent tits. I massage with oil those falling balloons with so much gusto,
lifting them, kneading them, from behind her and from in front of her, tasting
and sucking the perfect nipples, slightly pinching and twist them till to erect
them both. I don't forget her offered clit however. I tease it, massaging it
through its hood, sometime uncovering it, greasing it. I am convinced that it
has swollen, although only a few.

I am very horny, but is too early to fuck her.

She has calmed down now, she shivers a lot less, and she restarts to fight me in
slighter way that at begin.

The action of the oil has also kept away her little stink.

&lt;Are you thirsty?&gt;. "Yes" she nods emphatically. I unbolt and withdraw the
plug from inside the ring gag and I substitute it with one shaped like a teat
from the mouth side, and with a tube from the external side. I connect it to a
container full of orange juice that I hang to a chain near the head of my toy.
&lt;Drink how much you want, but don't be in a hurry, you have whole the time.
In the meanwhile listen to me, very well &gt;.

I take again my position behind her, with one hand on her pussy and the other on
her breast. My hands work calmly on her and in her, while, busy to drink, it
seems that she's only uneasy.

I squeeze one tit roughly, she jolts and yelps, she coughs and some drops of
juice come out from her nose &lt;drink! But listen to me, attentively!&gt; she
turns to my face, it is difficult thing to drink with the head so much turned,
but, after all, she has to drink slowly!

&lt;You are mine! You are my slave&gt; both my hands underlines this phrase. She
stares scared at me, interrupting drinking and breathing. &lt;We are... you are
far, very far from your house, your city, and also from your country. This
collar will marks you for the computer&gt;. I produce a leather covered collar
&lt;The computer will control all your movements inside the castle, no way for
you to flee, but, in the case, where could you ever go? In the outskirts you are
the only white woman, and if someone find you he would bring you here again.
Thinking on well, it should be a tricky situation, think to how I would punish
you... right here!&gt; she gulps &lt;funny don't you? Make a smile!&gt; and with
both hands I squeeze the sides of her waist. She jolts violently and she
launches a series of muffled and goggling "no no no noooo noooo" more or less
laughing. I remain immobile: she's highly ticklish!

I'm been very, very lucky.

I click the collar around her neck and I bring again my hands to pussy and tits.
She stays calm, she doesn't imagines yet what a lot of enjoy I will take in the
future from her ticklish.

Despite its strong resistance, the marker collar appears like a simple black
belt, high not more than 2 cm, rather slim and flexible almost like simple
leather. All around it ports 4 steel O-ring that hang from the collar like
precious pendants from a rich necklace. Under each base of them there is another
steel buckle in which it is possible to thread a strap.

It wears comfortingly, free to move up and down, allowing my teeth to reach
every spot of her sinuous and now throbbing neck.

With a special tool it is possible to remove all rings and buckles, but the
collar is permanent.

&lt;Your person do not exist any more. Your only purpose now is my
entertainment, my amusement, my enjoyment. Unfortunately for you, I enjoy so
much inflicting suffering, then I will torture you a lot. I don't need valid
reasons to torture you, I will do when I like, how I like, and every breach from
you will add new tortures: it is better for you that you behave! Your rules are
simple: every my order or wish or desire, explicit or not, is your must!&gt; she
gulps again and the green eyes restart to weep. Silently. &lt;Continue
drinking... Rose! Yes... this is your new name, your only name! Do not forget it
or I will punish you!&gt;. Rose weeps plentifully now, still silently, and she
resumes drinking with difficulty.

I leave her to drink during another long attentive exploration of her luxurious
body, but this time I'm rough, causing her several distresses, she fights my
hands some more and she yelps often, but no avail, I do everything I want, as my
right.

Rose body seems to never end. I incessantly find on it new curiosities, a new
curve, the velvety of the skin, an innovative method to measure her tits, latest
limit of extensibility of a nipple, a fresh place where to pinch her butt, a new
edge of her pussy lip, a new pussy hair tuft to pull... never ending.

After an half hour of Rose struggles I check the orange juice. She drank 3/4 of
litre of it. Good, she needed it.

&lt;Rose. I would like to un-gag you, but I want you to not speak! Listen well:
I don't demand that you be silent, you can moan, groan, and also cry if you are
in pain, and you will be, you simply have to not speak! No questions, no
requests, no agreements, no phrases! You may only answer to my questions or
commands, do you understand? If you violate this instruction, you will be
immediately gagged anew and punished, ok?&gt;. She has nodded whole the time;
she evidently doesn't bear the ring gag any more.

I did. She stays quiet. She only follows my movements with her wet pleading
eyes, lapping continuously her lips, and she assumes a confused expression, when
it is evident that I'm managing for an enema, and surely not for me. Her
expression becomes then scared when it is clear that the 20 litres container,
full of medicated water, is the bag of the enema! Frightened, she begins to
moan. Rose ignores that the outlet of the container is flux controlled, in rate
and amount. I can set how many litres to administer her, and in how much time
administering them.

Now the nozzle! Is a type with internal inflatable balloon to prevent
unauthorized expulsion (from 1,5 deflate, to 6 cm fully inflate), and external
inflatable balloon against too deep insertion (from 1,5 to 6 cm), and inflatable
mid section to prevent unwanted outside liquid spill (from 1,5 to 4 cm). Indeed
the mid section is used to simply stretch the sphincter of the subject.

While I approach to Rose with the nozzle she struggles and her bewails increase,
but widened like she is, there is nothing she could do about. I kneel behind
her, I lube very well her inside and the nozzle, and I insert. Though she starts
to cry a little, she doesn't oppose a real resistance to the intruder.

I connect the pomp to the valve of the internal balloon and I pump it full of
water. Rose howls leisurely. I detach the pomp and I do the same to the external
balloon. I amuse myself looking her lovely buttocks that are parted more and
more.

Then is the turn of the more funnier middle section: I connect the water pomp
and I give a pumps. She immediately understands the danger and she begins
writhing and howling slightly. I pump two times more. The slight howls becomes a
shout "Nooo Stooop Stooop Pleeease". It hurts her. I have not reached the
maximum inflation yet, I would be around to 3 cm but for a not accustomed
asshole it is already enough. &lt;Rose, be careful: I consider this kind of
words only moans, but I recommend you to not articulate sentences! Remember!&gt;
. She answers me with a really pleading "ooooohhh".

&lt;I don't understand why are you in trouble... I can't believe that such a
beautiful girl like you is still virgin in her ass...  answer me, is your ass
still virgin?&gt; "Yeees, Pleease" &lt;Good girl! We needs therefore to train it
with great care&gt; and I pump another time, receiving an horny "Noooooohhhh
oohh oohh oohh" as answer. I connect the enema pipe to the well-fixed nozzle.

&lt;Now I give some rest to your legs and arms&gt; I loosen the ankle chains in
order to reduce the distance between her foots to half meters. She may stand up
on her feet. I lower also her arms to her breast level. I have positioned the
enema tube in the way that she can't reach it, but also if she would, it is
better that she doesn't try any foolishness! 

&lt;You can move a little, and if you are tired you can kneel. I will return
later, when you are full&gt;.   

I sneakily set the enema outlet control to dispense one litre of water and I set
to flux it in half hour. I switch on and I move out.

Going out I give a last glance to Rose. She's very beautiful, and she's mine!

I stay out the dungeon for one hour; I think she filled the wait with a great
sense of fullness!

I found Rose knelt on the floor, with her arms wide and her red head desperately
leaned on her left shoulder. When she senses me she lifts the head and she
hopefully stares at me biting her lower inviting lip.

&lt;Stand up! Open wide your legs!&gt;. I drew a big basin under her and I
manage to free her asshole. &lt;When I tell you, crouch yourself on the basin
and free yourself, but not before I tell you!&gt; She nods hopeful.

Managing to free her I cuddle persistently her belly: Feeling that usually flat
and perfect belly so swelled, fills me with an intoxicating sense of power.

When I spill the water from the middle section the relief on Rose's body is
evident. Spilled all sections I withdraw the nozzle. She remains.

I move and &lt;Free yourself now!&gt;.

After she did I do cleanings while powerful aspirators quickly brings away all
bad odours.

I clean Rose also, that has again been pulled wide, then I lube her and the
nozzle once more and I repeat the insertion!

After a second of disconcertment Rose understands that she will soon take
another enema, what she doesn't know yet is that this time I will set the water
to 1.10 litre.

I remember her once more time not to talk, cause she continuously emits many
"Nooo ooo ooo Nooo Noooo ooo" and "Please Pleeeease" with a crying subdued voice
... ... like a music, a incredible music, interrupted by a series of protesting
yells during the pumping of the middle section... ... rock and roll!

After 15 minutes from the start of the second enema I sit some step behind Rose
&lt;Don't you find boring this wait? Me yes! I think that we can found something
new, don't you?&gt;. Really scared she tries to follow me, but I'm already to
her shoulders. From under her armpits I present her a chain like that of dog
leashes, 40 cm long, to whose two extremities they are connected two rubber
covered clothespins, with rather strong springs.

Ignoring her pleading I seize one tit and I put on the first clothespin on her
nipple. At the release of the spring my slave begins shoutong desperately to
take it off, "Aahahaa get it off! Pleaaase get it oooff I can taaake iiiit.
Pleeeaase". Instead I connect also the second clothespin &lt;No Rose. You are
wrong, now you will see that you can take them, and for how long I desire&gt;. I
leave her to shout and shake freely, because every shake of the heavy chain adds
more pain to her perturbing tits. After some minutes she calms down a little,
then I take my usual position &lt;You spoke! You must be punished!
Immediately&gt; I grab her aching tits and I begin to maul them, jerking the
chain, twisting the clamped clothespins, kneading tit and clothespin together.
Her shouts are become very loud, she shakes desperately to avoid my merciless
hands. After many minutes she has become totally passive, she weeps and sobs
loudly and continuously. I stop punishing her, but, obviously, I leave the
clothespins and the chain in their perfect places.

During the fourth enema she begins to howl also many "Stooop Stooooop
Pleeeeease", that I however consider wails. Moreover I should be idiot to
prevent her to emit such exciting melody. On the contrary, I think that I will
tolerate also some more words, if the exciting level of her music continues
growing.

I reached... Rose reached 1.5 litres of filling, and to caress her full filled
belly is more inebriant, so greatly that my hands keep amused there for longer
time. I also start a new exploration, rough, but not at all fought by Rose.
Beside, from the third enema I have not even owed tightening the limb chains,
always weeping, howling and yelling, Rose has always kept the laying that I'm
imposed her. Cleverness or renouncement? Will see.

During her last release I consist that the spilled water is wholly clear: my
hidden purpose!

I bring the whip and I move in front of Rose.

&lt;Rose! I have a great urge to whip you again and for long time, at least one
hour, perhaps much more.&gt; "Oh noooo pleeease ..." &lt;Shut up immediately!
There is an alternative. Address to me as Master or Sir and answer me: have you
something to exchange? If it is interesting, I could accept it in substitution
of the lashes. Agreed upon that this accord applies only for one day. If you
propose me something good, nothing lashes at least up to tomorrow morning. Then,
your offer?&gt;. She's comprehensively puzzled and astonished. &lt;Then?&gt;
"Wha... What kind of offer? What can I do?". I suddenly lash once on her flank
&lt;Address to me as Master or Sir!&gt;. "What would you like from me Master?
Money? Perhaps I might..." &lt;Be silent! I don't need money, this is not a
ransom, you are mine, mine! Your entire world is here now. If you have something
to propose to me tell it, else I immediately begin to whip you!&gt;. "Nooo,
please Master I... I..." Lowering her luminous eyes, with remorseful voice "Do
you want to have sex with me Master?" &lt;Oh, what initiative! But like this
what would be my interest? I can take you at any time, I can whip you how much I
want and then I can take you, by front and by rear, what is my advantage from
this agreement? I want to help you a little, you took a right way, but it is not
enough, try again, but quickly!&gt; I guess she's understood  "... Master, if
you agreed I will be very good, I will do what you want..." I whip her again,
and although her plead I continue for many seconds. I strike her almost 20-25
times all around her and I stop.

&lt;Stand up! Stand up!&gt; She has ruined on her knees in the vain attempt to
protect herself. &lt;You will do what I want in any way! I'm not interested to
what I already have! Last chance!&gt;. She fights her cry and "I will be really
good Master, I will be a slut, I will suck you, the best fuck that you have ever
had, I swear Master, I will be the best..." I strike her again once, and
thinking to not have convinced me, she fells again on her knees, head bowing,
sobbing loudly and desperately. &lt;Ok! I'm oriented to accept, but is not
exactly enough. Stand up and listen to me. I will fuck you on my bed this night.
No one slave has been in my bed before days of whipping, but you are surely
special, do not dare to disappoint me. I expect from you at least as much as you
promised, not a bit less, or I will whip you twice. Moreover to accept your
offer I need that you are a little fitted&gt; "fitted, Master?" &lt;You will
soon know the meaning of fitting. Now I will fit you with some furnishing then,
if you agreed the exchange, I will bring you to my bed, otherwise, still fully
fitted, I will whip you for hours.

I lube again her ass and I put on a new nozzle in her ass. Rose expression is
absolutely confuse, but she's too worried for what is becoming to her that she
stays silent, she weeps a lot, but silently. As usual she hauls longly when the
inflating of the middle section stretches her not accustomed yet asshole.

The invading side of the new nozzle is identical to the first one, but the
external side is like a pony tail, or better, is like a pony tail whip: is a
tail constituted by many fringes of soft black leather. Hided between the
fringes there are the connections for the inflating pomp and for the enema pipe.

What a spectacle, a beautiful and sexy girl likes this with a tail! The view of
the tail hanging between her lustful parted legs is incredible! I'm impatient to
see her to walk.

I wrap her waist with a leather belt high almost 4 cm with D-ring and others
connections bolted all around, but I leave the belt very slackened.  

Now the bra. I remove the tit-clamps. I tighten her ankles chains, bringing her
feet 1 meter distant, then I disconnect the upper chains from the wrist cuffs.
For the first time from her wake up she may lower her arms beside her flanks.

I take a leather harness, a kind of bra, without bra cups, every breast owes to
pass through special belt accommodation and then hang out. I order her to hoist
her arm in front of her and then I slip her the harness-bra. I manage a little
to have her breasts passed trough the belt, while I draught them by the sore
nipples she makes many grimaces, but she remains silent and still, and still
weeping. I buckle the harness-bra behind her back, and I connect it to the front
and rear collar buckles. I tighten it a little. Above each tit, a leather strap
3 cm wide, hangs free. I wind each strap around the base of each tit, causing
them to spurt out from her chest. I don't really tighten them, I simply take
these straps tensed. It is not painful, and the blood circulation is not
compromised in any way. The pain arrives when she will lies down over her
breast, or when I will lay down over her. Anyway with thus magnificent breast
trust out like this, her lustfulness is increased even more. I will go crazy for
that slave! And it is not even the last of her improvements!

I now connect a strap from the waist belt to the centre of the harness-bra,
covering a little her bellybutton, but it is not griping.

&lt;Hands behind your back, slave!&gt; I click her wrist cuffs together. Then I
wrap her forearms with another leather strap and I tight it severely. She cries
out while her breast is even more trust out. I bring her elbows to 5-6 cm
distant. When she will be more used I will bring her elbows to touch. I notice
that she's very flexible, there.

Last thing for her breast, I connect the centre of the clamp chain to the centre
of her bra, between such a tits that soon they will torture again. For the
moment I leave the clamps swinging freely over her belly.

Now I can loosen the foot chains and disconnect them from Rose ankle cuffs.

She closes her legs for the first time and the leather tail brushes them gentle.
I can read the strange Rose sensation from her expression.

I draw a high stool and I order her to support her on it. I enjoy her troubles
on supporting her plugged arse over the stool, she manages to minimize them at
her best.

I un-buckle the ankle cuffs, her legs are completely naked now.

&lt;Lift your right foot&gt; I wash her foot ankle and thigh with a sponge, I
dry her with a towel and I slip her a sexy white and embroider nylon stocking.
Meanwhile I'm lifting the stocking to her upper thigh, her leg automatically
assumes a very sexy pose, like a commercial spot of nylon stockings. I wonder if
it is a part of our agreement or if it is her nature.

I slip her hosed foot inside a black sexy shoe with 8 cm heel and an embedded
ankle cuff.

I repeat the process also for her second leg.

I draught her off the stool and I connect a leash to her collar and she's ready!

&lt;You are ready. Your response now. The bed or the whip for tonight?&gt;
bowing her head "...The bed,... Master".

By the leash I invite her to walk through the dungeon, some loops around me.

I already saw her walking on high heels when she was free, but now...

She's practically naked, except for some belts, a pair of shoes and a pair of
sexy stockings.

Her body is all covered by red welts of my whip, her arms are harshly bonded
behind her back, chest forced up, her breast shameful thrusts out in more than
one way, and totally naked pussy, except for her exquisite red pussy hair, and
finally the humiliating leather tail down from within her ass. But despite all,
and despite her head bowed by the shame, her figure stands proud, her pose and
her walk is that of a mannequin... and she's mine!

I feel an urgent need to whip her ass, but I respect my promises.

Following her I conduce her to my bedroom to claim my credit.

At the sight of my big and furnished bed, Rose stands frozen few seconds, then
she stares at me with pleading eyes. &lt;And that's not all, you will touch by
yourself. Kneel on the centre of the mattress, ass on your talons, knees well
parted and stand&gt;.

I undress myself completely and I reach Rose over the bed, I kneel behind her
silent and still. Breathing trembling she leans back, turning her head,
searching my mouth with hers. I grab her by her shoulders &lt;I have promised to
not whip you, and I will respect the pact, but this doesn't mean that I won't do
you badly!&gt; staring me hopelessly, Rose eyes resume to shed tears and she
parts her leaned out lips to say something &lt;Don't worsen your situation
arguing about. I told you that I will never lie, it is truth, I don't whip you,
and also I don't subject you to other likewise harsh and time protracted torture
kinds, but it is better that you accept the fact that when I take you, you will
be always set in some troubles, cause I wish like this!&gt; a glint of surrender
glimpses in her green eyes &lt;Starting now, you may talk, if you will retain
that it could be useful to satisfy your part of the agreement, obviously only
bed phrases. And remember, if I think that you undertake little, at any time we
could leave the bed and join again the whip. Last thing: don't try to simulate
an orgasm. I realize simulated orgasm, and I don't bear it. And Is very hard
that you could climax these first times, in any case I give you my permission to
come... it is a franchise, catch it carefully&gt;.

Thinking well it will be a great triumph for me if Rose would climax the very
first day &lt;Rose, listen to me: I would really like that you climax this
evening, if you will offer yourself to me up to this point, I will give you a
prize: Tomorrow I will allow you to take a bath of 3 hours. I will leash you on
the bathroom and I never touch you for whole the time, except to change your
restrains. Clearly I have to control you, but you can do whatever bath
activity... except to masturbate yourself. As I already have said, to climax for
you is a franchise now, don't waste occasions and don't simulate!&gt;. Then I
pull her and I kiss her desired lips, and I slide my right hand on her very
protruding bound big breast, easily to grasp constrained like it is.

Rose replies my kiss, very engaged, she offers me her tongue, she caresses mine
while it invades her mount, searching inside her, violently, to assert my
dominion also into her. I lay her down now, and I permit that she stretches her
legs, but well spread and with her knees up, to easy allow my right hand to
tease her sex. I pinch it, rather cruelly, causing Rose to yell into my mount...
I like it. My left hand also is source of Rose yells by incessantly torment her
tits. It is a real pleasure to hunt her tits alternatively: they are gathered
and stretched out from her chest by the wrapping straps, and they explodes
aloft. Like this, although they are such big, is easy to squeeze them with a
single hand.

Still eating her lips I can feel Rose discomfort in her arms cruelly laced
behind her, but she has to accustom to this arrangement, she will be put on very
often, and more tightly.

Anyway I may notice a good level of movement. I think her arms are more flexible
than I supposed.

My lips let Rose's mouth to eat some her exposed tits, but I leave one hand on
her mouth. Rose shows high generosity with my fingers, which, therefore, are
never leaving empty her mount. My index and thumb joke to find, grasp and pull
out her compliant tongue, my other fingers, on turn, search into her or they
make to suck by Rose lips.

After having sucked and eaten such a provoking tits I slide more down. I entrust
my both hands to have care of Rose's condemned tits, one each, and I begin to
bite her hairy mound, a little hard. The violent reaction of Rose is
comprehensible, she almost hits me. I rise "Master please I'm not ..." &lt;Don't
worry, Rose. I take provisions!&gt;. I connect her cuffs-shoes of two belts
coming from the bed sides, and I wrap two new straps immediately above her
knees, this way she's in the same wide spread position as before, but this time
she cannot leave it for any reason.

I lay down and I restart from where I was interrupted, biting her sex. Her
violent struggles and screams can only excite me more, and I become worse also
with the poor tits. She begins to swing violently her free torso to subtract her
tits from the torture, but my fingers are fastened on her escaping nipples.
These nipples ask only to be twisted and squeezed, and I satisfy them profusely.

Suddenly I forget her nipples and I interrupt biting her, I focus me on licking
her clit hood: I evidently have become distracted!

I like her clit, I expose it parting her pussy lips with my thumbs and with my
tongue I gently tease it and I massage it trough its hood. Sometimes my index
finger or my tongue probes her entry. Rose passes rapidly from a phase of
convulsive breath to one of long moans. Undoubtedly after such a painful day she
really would needs some tenderness, but she's not here to relax! I get up to
reach a pipe that comes from under the bed and I connect it to the nozzle-tail
still stretching and hurting her asshole, then I take a narrow vibrator and I
return to my prize, to the same position than before I switch it on and I begin
to tease her clit using the vibrator tip. At few cm from the nozzle the pipe has
an hand valve and an hand pomp. I joke a little, waiting that she relaxes anew,
then I set the valve verse toward the nozzle and I begin to squeeze the pomp.
Feeling that her belly restarts to fill, Rose emits some "hoooh hoooo" with an
exalting surrender voice. I pump without pause, the flux is faster than in her
previous enemas, and the sensation is alarming. Rose doesn't know that, in every
moment, I can read the exact amount of water that is invading her, and she can
only hope that I not exaggerate. Instead I know that I will surely exaggerate,
having placed the electronic upper limit at 2 litres, I still must decide where
to stop. This is the reason because I haven't gripped her waist belt. 

I calmly lick her pussy, continuously teasing her clit with the vibrator, and
pumping her full of water.

Reached 1,5 litres Rose begins shaking and loudly moaning, I can feel her belly
having long cramps. I stop pumping. I insert now the thin but long vibrator
inside her pussy, very deeply. She suddenly froze and she stops also to breathe
just a moment before to start breathing shortly and rapidly. She stays immobile
during my deep exploration, she seems waiting something terrible... that never
arrives. In fact I continue to tease her inside very gently, but the effect of
the deeply stimulation joined to intestinal cramps is unbelievable: Rose pelvis
begins having rhythmic and violent contractions that shake whole her helplessly
body. She says nothing, trying to breathe, but it is clear that she's in most
pleasure than distress.

Still working with the vibrator I move me beside her, and I reach again the
reddened clit, that seems asking me to continue the hood massage: my right hand
uses the vibrator, my mouth on her clit and my left hand meets anew her offered,
aching and then irrefutable breast. Under the new pain on her tits, she
commences screaming. Screams that appear strange cause the contractions. At this
point I notice that her pussy begins to drip, and without hesitation I leave the
tit and I quickly pump more water inside her belly and I increase also my clit
licking...

and she violently climaxes: I may see the drip growth and I feel new rhythmic
contractions coming from inside her pussy. Her clit is stiffened inside its hood
and I concentre more again on it, causing Rose pelvis to wriggles more. She
moans very loudly now, I decide to claim her thanks. I leave pomp, clit and
vibrator and I climb up to her face: I not even arrived that she tosses to me,
kissing me gratefully onto whole my face and neck, without rest, without
restrain. Even when she feels that I start again tormenting her tits she only
converts her moans in shouts, without decreasing her gratefulness. Still kissing
her I pull out the vibrator and I lean over her, grabbing her head with both my
hand and I support my chest weight on her comfortably tits. Normally thus big
tits would had flowed aside. Instead the merciless harness is jamming her bound
breast under me. Her screams within my mount are tickling me, I really enjoy and
I'm horn, I want to fuck her, but I'm worried to lost control and to crush her
over-pressured belly with my bottom weight, till now I supported it by my
knees... and her soft tits. I reach the pump and I reverse the hand valve,
allowing the water to return back. Her relief is immediately evident. Safely, I
put now my cock-head on Rose entrance: she smiles at me, for the first time, I'm
pleased. I push my cock a little further and Rose throws herself to my neck, she
sucks me, kisses me and nibbles me! In different circumstances I would had to
harshly punish her, but the truth is that this girl is really special, and I
must also admit that being nibbled by her is fantastic!

I begin to fuck her, penetrating her alternatively deeply and less deeply, with
incessant rhythm, without hurry, enjoying her wetness, her moans, her never
stopping lips and tongue... and teeth. I feel her lower body follow my thrusts,
exciting me more, and I decide to torment it. I then slide my hand on her bound
spread inner thigh and I pinch rather badly all over it. It is really hard to
describe the sensation of her yells on my neck and face: at every new pinch her
body quivers a little, a music of suffering amuses my ears, a breath hits and
heats my skin and a wave of vocal vibrations penetrate in my underlying muscles,
then all is followed by a pleasure moan that reinforces the effect...

I think I will go crazy!

Meanwhile I fuck her this way I sense that her belly is flat again. Tossing a
glance to the flux indicator I notice that she's totally emptied. I grab the
pomp and I reverse anew the valve. Through her stretched asshole she feels my
activities on the pipe and she stares at me worryingly, but when I start giving
small pumps synchronously with my thrusts, she overturns her eyes and her head
collapses back. Her extended throat vibrates for her continuous low tone howls.
I then begin to eat her long slim neck, my mouth fights with the collar for its
possess.

I feel that I slide better inside her. She rises her head and staring me she
opens wide her perfect white and perfect green eyes, from her half open mouth
comes out a billowing deep wail: she's coming again! We staring in our eyes and
we are reading on it. Her only think must be: "it is impossible that suck a
bastard rapist could make me cum like this". Instead my eyes are saying: &lt;You
was already mine, I could make you everything, now I own also the power to make
you enjoy it... You are mine!&gt;

Maintaining a regular rhythm of thrust I lengthen her orgasm for a while,
unfortunately I approach to my own orgasm only when his one is already
decreasing. Perhaps it is better like this, because when I lift my head to come
my way, she restarts to passionately takes care of my chin, throat, upper chest
and shoulders... I climax really highly on her welcoming body. I continue to
thrust till I softening, then I collapse over her, my head beside his neck, my
chest painfully squeezing her detained tits. 

After few moments of absence I look at her: she stays with mouth open and
tensed, and eyes shuttered, she screams for the pain on her tits, but not a
sound comes out from her mouth. I enjoy the situation for some seconds, then I
lift from her. I check the flux controller, she contains one litre. I reverse
the valve to empty her.

She maintains her eyes closed, but she's really relaxed now, I can guess that
she is still tasting her last orgasms.

I drink and I draw near her a glass of orange juice and a wet sponge, then I
lift her torso by her shoulders and I slide behind her back. I present her the
glass &lt;want to drink some?&gt;. While she drinks I enjoy the view of her
beautiful, welted and all over pinched legs, also under the stockings, still
bounded widened. I use the sponge to clean some her pussy.      

Lowered Rose and put back the glass I untie her legs. She slowly stretches them
with her usual mannequin movements: I immediately turn on again.

By her calves I drag her head to the centre of the bed, then I padlock her leash
to a hanging chain from the canopy. I roll her on her belly causing her to yell
for the weight on her breast. I spread again her legs about a metre and I lace
the ankles cuffs to special straps on the mattress. Now I release her elbows and
I disconnect the wrist cuffs from each other. Her limbs are aching highly. I
wait that she recovers her arms.

&lt;You surely earned the bath tomorrow, but you must still avoid the whipping
session, now you will have your last occasion&gt;. She doesn't understand what I
mean yet. &lt;On your four!&gt; I lace her wrist cuffs to others straps and
she's fastened in dog pose. &lt;Lift your head, look ahead and still&gt; What
spectacle! Such sinuous beauty bonded on all four, legs wide and a leather pony
tail hanging from her ass. Harness that constricts and stretches her already big
tits, that, hanging under her, they exhibit whole their magnificence. Below the
breast the clothespins dangle unemployed by their chain. Her longs slightly
curled red hairs descend by her ears, her shoulders and her back, and finally
the leash that hangs loose from the canopy remembering to everybody that this is
my pet.

Turning around her I can enjoy her buttock: it is like an upside-down heart...
and is the right shape for such lovely butt! I possessively cuddle her waist and
belly for a moment before gather all tail fringes and lacing them up to her
waist belt. Beside one bonded foot, I prepare some tools, hided by a towel,
then, face up, I slide my chest under Rose, threading between her arms, up to
reach about her knees with my shoulder.

Needless to add any word, Rose face descends on my cock, still dripping of our
both sex juices, and she begins very very gently sucking its head. It is more
like a kiss than like a blow. The softness of her lips and her tongue thrills me
and my dick. She slides sideway, descending to the hairy base, she laps
copiously all around, she softly kisses my nuts and she climbs again to the
head. Now, taking my dick in, she gives me many strong sucks, moving her head up
and down, then she restarts anew the route, this time from the other side.

I feel such good that I forgot that from my position I could torment her pussy.

I can see her clit hood that seems to await my attentions. And I can feel her
full tits brushing my belly. I suddenly decide to punish them for their
arrogance &lt;Up!&gt;. She does, and I place the dangling spring clamps on her
guilty nipples. I cut off her touching protests with &lt;Down! And take back,
with at least the same enthusiasm!&gt;. Bewailing loudly she restarts her
excellent task while her arms are trembling for the ache in her sensitive tit
points. &lt;Lower also your bottom, I want your clit in my mouth!&gt;. She lifts
her chest to have a view and slowly she widens more her knees, carrying her clit
right to my half open mouth. Then she takes back the previous job.

I can feel Rose more tensed because the remarkable pain on the nipples, she's
become a little convulsive by the discomfort, and this improves her performance.
She has also started, unaware, shaking her butt, and her clit is moving between
my lips with it. My tongue massages the hood and also all around the tip of the
clit. I like its taste... and yes, also this delicate and defenceless clit is
mine!

After a while of heaven I turn my head to free my mouth &lt;Rose I'm near to
come. If you don't swallow every my drops, I bring you in the dungeon and I whip
you all night long! Remember also to never, never stop to blow me before I give
you the permission!&gt;. She completely froze for a second, the proof that she
doesn't likes so much the idea, then she unwillingly restarts. &lt;And this will
also occur if you dare to ruin the conclusion of this job&gt; She immediately
restores the right rhythm. I decide to inflict her some more troubles. My hand
slides under the towel and grabs a necklace of pearls of 2 cm of diameter.
&lt;Lift your butt&gt; I already oiled the pearls, then I begin to insert them,
one by one in Rose pussy, meanwhile Rose mouth moans longly around my dick. When
10 pearl are inserted, I reach the pomp and, again, I pump water in her abused
belly. She protests plainly, with many loud groans and yells, but she understood
that it is better that she doesn't stops the blow, or I will get the opportunity
to whip her however.

I pump rather fast cause I'm near to come, causing Rose to swings her butt left
and right. She's great!

Realizing that I'm close, Rose strokes faster and sucks more hard on my cock,
and I increase the pumping. &lt;Lower your bottom!&gt; and I bite the end of the
necklace of pearls &lt;Up!&gt; Lifting, she slips some pearls from inside her:
She shouts most for the surprise than for the hurt, but I'm enjoyed a lot, and I
begin to come in her mouth. Remembering my words she sucks me frantic, I feel a
great undertow on my dick, is wonderful!

I collapse, and for at least 10 minutes I stay still, enjoying my past orgasm
and the good work that Rose is still doing on my softening dick, according with
my orders.

I reverse again the valve to flow out Rose belly, pumped with 1.5 litres during
the blow.

I slip from under Rose and I face her to see her relief expression during her
new emptying... good idea! Whole sweating for the ordeal, her expression is a
mix of relief, fear and supplication: I have not communicated her my decision
about the whipping yet.

I free her wrist cuffs from the mattress and after lifted Rose on her knees, I
lace them behind her and to a piece of rope that I thread through a ring pending
from her rear collar, then by that rope, I hoist her hands up to her shoulder
blades. Rose fear prevents her even to groan.

I free also her ankle cuffs from the bed, the leash from the canopy and I pull
her from the bed. She follows me remissive, while her eyes start weeping in
silence. Following her I conduct her in the centre of my special guest bathroom,
enjoying the view of her leather pony tail that flits over her thighs. I padlock
her leash to a long chain coming from the ceiling &lt;Open wide your legs
Rose.&gt; &lt;Tilt ahead&gt;. I kneel behind her, I deflate the nozzle and I
withdraw the humiliating tail from her ass. She breathes deeply in relief.

Now I release her arms. &lt;Tomorrow morning I will keep you here and you will
have 3 hours, as I promise. But now you have only 15 minutes to pee, to take an
innermost washing&gt; I indicate two gynaecological squeezable lavages on the
sink&lt;, brush your teeth, wash your face and your armpits, comb your hair and
put on a light make up. Do not lost precious time to search around some escape
or something to use to escape, this bathroom is studied against it: nothing
sharp or pointed, when you will need to use shears or lames I will must be
present. No electricity here, the hairs dryer and the wax heater work by hot air
produced outside. Armored glasses protect every mirror and lamps. Nothing toxic
and no long lace or string. A computer controls your position and consequently
adjusts the slack of your leash... No way to shun me, and at every attempt I
will punish you painfully... Yes Rose...: You are mine!&gt; She stares at me
with scared eyes &lt;Hurry up now, you will find all you need over the sink!...
Last thing, massage your body with this healing oil. You have the permission to
lower your stockings and to untie the straps around your tits, but when I come
back you have to be dressed exactly like now&gt; I turn to exit when I hear her
trembling voice "M... Master?..." Astonished I face anew Rose, that immediately
spins terrorized her eyes. She realized that she made a mistake and now she
doesn't know what to do to not worsen the situation. I'm glad of Rose behaviour,
she is been very entertaining, and today is her first day! I decide to reward
her, I pretend nothing &lt;What, slave Rose?&gt; She gulps "... A... Are you
satisfied of me Master?" &lt;Are you wanting to know if you have avoided the
whipping session?&gt; "Yes" I staring at her waiting  "Yes... Master" &lt;I will
tell you later&gt; and I step out!

I betake into a normal bathroom to refresh myself for the night. When I return,
Rose is standing facing the mirror over the sink, she just ended putting on the
make up. Seeing me she almost starts to cry in fear &lt;You are not late! I came
earlier. I want watching you. Go on!&gt;. She relaxes a little but she remain
tensed, however she obeys. Her body is tilted forward exposing her amazing butt,
she glistens for the oil, also her slender legs glisten in all their length, as
the stockings are rolled down. The tits straps hang under her chest together to
her oiled breast.

She finishes the make up. To lift her white hoses she supports each foot over a
stool, offering me a high level exhibition. Then gracefully she delicately wraps
again the base of her tits with the straps, thrusting them out in their full
arrogance, and finally she comes to the bath centre, exactly where I leaved her.
She stares at me interrogatively, standing, erect, with her arms along her
sides.

&lt;If you are hungry you may drink this soup&gt;. I offer her a bowl full of
hot dense liquid soup. "Y..yes, M...Master, I'm really hungry... Master". She
takes the bowl &lt;Slowly, don't burn yourself&gt;. I calmly wait her she
finishes it, still standing there, naked. And I offer her also a glass
&lt;Drink, brush anew your teeth and return to me&gt;. She does.

I tighten her still loosen waist belt and, among her groans I tie again her
wrists behind her, up to her shoulder blades.

&lt;You are perfect. To whip you like this would bring me to heaven.&gt; "Ohoo
Noooh Pleeease Master Noooh" &lt;Shut up!&gt; she shuts, but, crying, she falls
on her knees then more down, with her ass on the floor and her legs excitingly
gathering beside her. I bring one knee on the floor, I grab her chin and I pull
her face toward mine &lt;Unfortunately I respect my word also with a slave
without any right like you. You have respected your engagement and I will do it
my turn&gt; her face brightens in my hand &lt;I can wait; I will whip you
another time&gt;.   

I take the leash from the computer controlled chain, and I conduct her anew to
my full furnished bed. &lt;Get over and lay down, face up, on the mattress right
side, head on the pillow&gt;. I take a chain from the bed foot and I padlock it
to her right ankle cuff, letting only 5-8 cm of slack. Then I padlock half metre
of chain between her ankle cuffs. I roll Rose prone, she moans for the pain on
her tits, and I free her wrists from her back. I take now a chain from the
headboard, I thread it through the same ring in the rear of her collar and I
fasten the chain to a D-ring buckled on her waist belt, still behind her. I
tighten the chain almost without slack. Finally I connect, to this upper chain,
others 2 pieces of chain of 40 cm each. I link them 40 cm far from her collar
toward the headboard, and I fasten the free extremities to Rose wrist cuffs. I
roll Rose on her back: she cannot bend her torso and she cannot also bend her
right leg. Only her left leg has 50 cm of freedom. Her hands cannot lower under
her head, but she can lift them and widen them. I roll her again on her right
flank; she's faced toward the right edge of the bed, half metre far from it.
She's ready for the night! ... She's ready for me!

I distend myself on my right flank, behind her, free and easy I pass my right
hand under her and I immediately reach her addictive pussy. Rose breath cuts
off. She instinctively tries to keep close her legs, but soon she recons that
she's not in the position to avoid my touch. My left hand is cuddling more
quietly my property, but soon it will find its big and insolent usual targets
and it will torment them justly.

Sucking Rose nape and ears, massaging and probing her two lower entrances,
kneading and pinching her incredible breast, cradling my self with her moans and
thinking to the torments that I will inflict to my captive tomorrow, I finally
fall asleep, but just before it, a beautiful thought:

... She's mine.



... More to come



By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




The jewellery (02o Chap.)



(M/f, NC, Real., Abduction, Enslav., Tort, Rape, Enema, Modif., Chastity Belt)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



Oh well! Morning! What a motivating day, today!

She's still asleep. I go to the bath. Next I prepare for breakfast.

I return to my captive. She's supine, head and hands on the pillow, she's like a
surrender. Her beautiful eyes are following me, they are so scared.

I haven't understand yet how she can be so sexy in her predicament: her left
leg, that a little more free to move, is slightly bent and tilt over the right
one; not even a mannequin could assume such a sexy mannered pose. Rose is not
simply my sex slave, she's a slave sexy, my sexy slave. 

I free her right ankle-cuff (shoes-cuff) from the chain, and I draw her toward
the bedpost, she's almost sat. She may use her hands, even with short loose.
&lt;I have a yoghurt for you, heat it, then I will bring you to the bath for
your prize&gt;.

Instead of conducting Rose directly to the bath, I bring her for all over the
castle, her hands, over again, are dragged to her shoulders blades. I follow her
to enjoy the spectacle of her parade, her legs and butt... to enjoy of her, of
my exquisite personal toy. I explain her the security system functioning, I want
she understand that she can't flee. Sometimes she silently weeps, good, she
begins understanding her new slave condition.

When we pass near the east windows, the desert's sun starts joking with her
Rose's red curled hairs, either, those upper and those lower, and I can only
think that such a fine creature... is mine!

I lead Rose into the 'special guests' bath, where I connect her leash to the
computer controlled pending chain, then I undo her hands. &lt;Rose you have 3
hours for yourself. You can do whatever you want but masturbate. There is a
camera that randomly grabs shots of you. It is better that you avoid to delay
too long on washing your intimates!&gt; &lt;Here, you will find every supply for
the woman care. You may undress completely except the collar, which it is
permanent!&gt;. Meanwhile I'm speaking, I'm unlocking the micro padlocks all
over her outfit.

&lt;When the three hours will depart, start dressing over again like now, get
clean in and out, perfumed and oiled. Since these last duties are for my
advantage, I give you a further half hour time&gt; I hand her a clean pair of
white stockings and I leave.

A promises is a promises. 3 hours and half of freedom... almost freedom, for her
two last night orgasms.

Hard to wait, owning Rose! But the wait inspires me some more wickedness for
later, and moreover I have also some work to do.

Obviously I frequently check Rose behaviour by the cameras.

Time !

I go to take Rose. She's ready. To the bathroom centre, with her full breast
already trust out by harness and straps. I can perceive that she's more relaxed,
surely it is merit of the long warm bath that she just took.

Unfortunately I still have some things to do away, and even if the computer
might easily control Rose during my absence, it is too early to leave her free
in the castle. Moreover, I will exploit this time to prepare her body for the
next step.

&lt;Lift your hands and spread half meter your legs&gt; She trembles and she
hesitates, I start my hand toward her breast, but before it reaches the target,
Rose rapidly lift her hands.

I tie her wrists to an hanging chain, high over her head, then I seize her
nipple and I pinch it very hard. "Ahhaahaahaaiihiihii..." &lt;Obey me
immediately, it is better for you!&gt;.

Then I remove her the waist belt, and I replace it with a leather corset that
wraps whole her waist. I slowly lace the rear straps rather tight. More than I
tight the straps, more than Rose's arse becomes more round and inviting. Also
her chest, thrust further up, exposes more again her already helpless breast.
But the most interesting corset purpose is another one: from its front, a strap
is suspiciously hanging between Rose's well parted legs.

Rose starts moaning as soon as I start lubricating her two lower entrances. She
guessed that I have some unpleasant gifts in store for her. In fact I suddenly
slip a little rubber anal plug into her asshole. In her pussy, instead, I insert
first an egg-vibrator then a small and short rubber cylinder, almost 4 cm long.
That way the egg is positioned at her G-spot level. Finally I apply a tiny
clitoris vibrator to her pussy entrance. I oil also the rugged internal crotch
strap surface, then wrap her pelvis with it. Obviously I buckle the other strap
end to the corset rear, tugging it very good. Rose moans loudly, by the
extraneous bodies inside her and by the unpleasant action of the many little
rubber studs all over sprinkled onto the crotch strap surface. But she smartly
doesn't dare to close her legs without permission.

&lt;Close your legs!&gt; I hobble 30 cm of chain between her ankle's shoe-cuffs,
then I release her hands from the ceiling and I tie them behind her back. I wrap
a strap over her forearms and I tighten it till her elbows are touching, excited
from her loud complains.

I place the vibrators control at her corset side, and I plug there the two
electric wires that are spurting from her squeezed pussy.   

&lt;Almost ready my dear!&gt; And I produce the ring gag with the holed plug
bolted on it. I slip it in Rose's mouth while she is uselessly swearing that she
would remain silent.

&lt;Yes, Rose. I know you would remain obediently silent, but, in all
conscience, it is not a matter of noise. In my castle, you could scream as loud
and how long you want... I'm gagging you only to improve your submission
status!&gt;.

Holding the leash I conduct a weeping Rose to the dungeon, enjoying the
spectacle of thus round butt swinging rapidly cause the hobble chain that is
forcing her erotic legs to do short quick steps.

Rose shrinks when she sees me to open the door of a cage so little that even a
dog would found uncomfortable. Rearing, she also tugs the leash that I'm
griping. &lt;Inside!&gt; She pulls more against the leash.

&lt;Ok, you don't want to enter the cage, have you forgot something, perhaps?
Yes sure! You forgot your nipple toys!&gt;. And I put on her nipples the usual
two harsh rubber covered clamps, eliciting desperate muffled screams from her.

&lt;Can you enter the cage, now, or do you think to have forgot some other
things?&gt; Crying loudly and shivering in pain, this time Rose crouches herself
and enters within the little cage, with many difficulties. I required that Rose
entered the cage rearing. Once inside, Rose can only kneel on the stuffed floor
and stare at me pleading. &lt;Yes, you are right, this time is me that almost
forgets to start the vibrators&gt; I insert my hand through the bars and I
switch on the control on Rose waist.

She jolts and she begins howling for the stimulation onto and inside her &lt;See
you later slave!&gt;.

I came back to Rose after few hours. She gazes at me hoping and moaning, all
sweating in pain, great discomfort and, sure, great unfulfilled excitement.

I open the cage. She moves with a lot of troubles, bit by bit she comes out from
the cage, and she needs my help to stand up. Once standing, her still unsteady
legs betrayal her, and she fells toward me. I embrace her, and Rose stares at me
in a kind of gratefully way. She's incredible, she's the perfect slave!

&lt;Taking such a position for so long is surely hard thing, but if you would
imagine what is waiting for you, you would surely prefer to return inside the
cage&gt;. Her look becomes terrorized.

I loose the pelvis strap and I empty her holes &lt;Now support your arse on the
edge of the cage and expose your pussy to its owner! Be relaxed, I will simply
check my property, nothing pain&gt;. Silently weeping she supports on the cage
and she slowly widens her knees. Her soft butt flesh is dug by the iron wires,
but she can't use her still tightly tied hands to ease it.

I kneel facing her exposed pussy. She drips! But more important thing, her clit
is reddened and swelled! ... she has amused!

I start licking it tenderly, massaging its hood, circling it, I lovely tease it.
After few hours of successfully stimulation by the vibrators, shouldn't be
difficult thing to bring it full excited.

Rose distress cries soon become faulty-hidden moans of pleasure. I also gentle
use the clit-vibrator, and the phenomenon arrives. Her clit swells more and
fully emerges from its protection. That's was my aims, and I stood up. She opens
her eyes and she stares at me totally confused, frustrated, ashamed &lt;We will
continue later, maintain yourself hot like this! Now stand up my beautiful
slave&gt;.

I release her arms straps and I connect her wrists to the sides of her leather
corset. It is more comfortable position for Rose and more useful arrangement for
the next device that is waiting for her.

While I drag her by the leash, Rose begins struggling and screaming, she just
understood that our aim is the gynaecologic bench. Poor Rose, she's without
defence at all against me: I simply have to grip the chain between her still
pinched nipples, to easily persuade her to follow me and to take yielding place
onto the terrible table. I sat her over it, I capsize her to join the lateral
collar's rings to the bench headrest. Next, one leg to a stirrup, then the other
one, after having released the hobbling ankle's chain.

I fasten her legs with further leather straps.

It is an easy task now to shift her wrists from her waist up over her head,
wide, to special arm stirrups coming out from the bunk back. I also join her
corset to the table and I wrap another strap over her chest, immediately below
her throat. Finally I tilt the headrest 30 degrees back and I fasten Rose's
forehead to it with another belt ... she's at my mercy, and she's well aware of
it, she's whole trembling.

I wait a little that Rose calms down, she's very desperate and exposed. Her
chest and belly are disposed horizontally, arms widened over her head and thighs
even more widened and lifted up at 30 degrees. Her head, backward tilted, is
disposed parallel to her rise thighs. Her calves are parallel to her chest. I
even tied her toes to special little supports, forcing this way her feet to stay
excitingly distended, following the lines of her smooth shinbones. 

&lt;Comfortable, isn't? by the time you will feel comfortable only when deeply
exposed to your master, like now, believe me&gt;

She tries to stare at me, following me with her pleading and weeping green eyes,
moaning under the gag. I know that she would do everything I wish to be
released. But I'm not interested now.

I take out the nipple clamps and I release the straps that are wrapping her
tits, because soon I will need her nipples erect at their top.

I sat on a stool between her legs and I immediately pinch hard her inner thigh,
causing Rose to jolt and scream, but the binding is over enough to contain her.

&lt;Dear slave, you are a beautiful being, and under my ownership and control
you are even better, but is still possible to increase more again either your
glamour than my ownership and control over you, and at the same time amusing me
a lot&gt; While I speak I smear hot depilatory wax over her pussy, from the top
of her outer lips, down, to her asshole. She's rather furnished, and I like
pussy hairs, but not everywhere. Then I smear with wax only her pussy, leaving
unsoiled all her mons-veneris triangle hairs, I love this soft red tuft. I also
don't like hairs over the legs, but she already removed them by herself when she
was still free... long time ago.

She slightly wriggles for the hot of the wax sensation, but she already
understood that soon a pull away will arrive, although she can't imagine how,
and then, in comparison this unpleasant sensation will seem a delight.

I stood up and I move behind her head and I unbolt the plug from the ring-gag,
then with a remote I tilt the entire gynaecologic bunk tower me, adjusting her
head vertically disposed and close to my crotch. She's upside down, and her
pussy is at the level and at the mercy of my hands. I strip myself and I
disrespectful put my hard cock through the ring gag, into her unwilling mouth.
What a delight! Feeling her hot tongue fighting the rude intruder and her
muffled protest around me! And it is only the beginning!

&lt;Rose, last night I noticed that you haven't gulped me. Today, other than to
decorate your body, I will train you to deep throating technique. I recommend
you to carefully follow my rhythm, or you will suffer much more than
necessary&gt; her muffled cries become a continuant dirge. I think she doesn't
like the idea... good.

&lt;I prefer that you learn fine, hence I will warn you two seconds before every
thrust, at least at the beginning. Use them to deeply inhale, cause I will
remain inside your throat as long as I like&gt; I give her some more minutes to
calm down, then &lt;You have two seconds to inhale!&gt; And I thrust slowly to
the back of her mouth, only for few seconds, then I withdraw. She breaths
heavily, but it hasn't been an hard ordeal. &lt;Again, but this time it will be
for real. Inhale!&gt; This time I trust more deep and I stay still: for the
first seconds she has some slight convulsions, then she wriggles more intensely,
I stay still few more seconds bringing her to violently struggle, then I
withdraw. She coughs some times. After a minute &lt;Ready?&gt; and I plunge a
little more deep, but this time I want to stay there. By pinching (hard) her
asshole I grab the edge of the depilatory wax and I start to slowly tear it from
Rose's pussy. I thrust me more deep, enjoying her choke around me, and her
violent wriggles. I've decided to finish the depilation, and I stay still there,
bit by bit pulling whole the wax length. Then I come out and I move apart: she
groans loudly, coughing hard and she also vomits on the floor.

After having all cleaned with the hose, I return to my position, with my dick
still in Rose's mouth.

&lt;My dear slave, I have to prepare you for your residence in my castle. In the
meanwhile I would like that you entertain my cock head with your tongue&gt; She
continues sighing, ignoring my order &lt;Ok, as you prefer. I will do my job
staying inside your throat: two seconds!&gt; And I trust inside her all the way
deep, without regards, and I simply stay there for many seconds. I withdraw only
when Rose starts to frantically massage my pelvis base with her sweet tongue.
&lt;You has understood at least! Ok, but I have to punish you for your
disobedience: breathe in!&gt; I repeated the same wickedness few times, during
which, Rose never stops properly massaging me, twirling her tongue around me.
What satisfaction! She's learning. She's my slave!

&lt;Ok enough, now behave or I will punish you badly!&gt; I start on
disinfecting many Rose's pelvis spots. She protests for the itching on the most
intimate, but she continues her job on my cock head.

I manage to don't move too much myself inside her, to avoid to climax too soon.

Now I'm ready to improve Rose's beauty and subjugation... Two concepts that
coincide in Rose case!.

With my left hand I seize Rose's right inner labia and I pull it out. Then I
grab a pliers with a tiny punch and I leisurely pierce it, at the half length of
the lip. Rose loud howling is enthusiastic! Is not a protest, it is a paean of
the inevitable!

I insert there a slim gold ring, 1 cm of diameter.

I obviously repeat the procedure on the next inner labia, enjoying another
desperate scream around my invading cock. I enjoyed Rose's anticipation shiver
too.

Next I decide to pierce her a couple of 2 cm rings to the upper sides of her
saggy mound, just below the ideal line of panty's elastic.

It is so marvellous to work on Rose in such a way. I would pierce her for hours,
but I have only another jewel in store for her pelvis, just a little more
difficult to put in place.

I line two elastics bands from the lower sides of her corset, I connect a flat
clothespin to each band, I grasp the upper limb of each inner lips with a
clothespin.

The result is that Rose's clit is totally exposed, and Rose begs terrorized to
my cock head.

Her clit is not a 'big clitoris', but it is even not too little, is however well
visible, also when not fully swollen, and when is completely swelled is also
quite seizable. Is this way that I need it now, swelled!

I start to tickle it again. Despite the fear and the pain, she has to be still
easily excitable, thanks to the long teasing hours in the cage and next.

And it is: after some minutes of stimulation while she calms down, her clit
restarts to grow, slowly. Rose's breath becomes a little heavy and instead of
continuing to avoid my invader cock, she begins to massage it nicely.

I'm a little sorry for what I am about to do, but I've no choice, I need her
clit erect, then I can't anaesthetize her in any way.

I quickly wear a headphone to focus me well, and I continue delighting her until
she's about to come. But in truth, I'm studying her. I'm feeling her clit's
shape, following its now turgid shape along its length. 

As ready, I seize a special syringe, shaped like those for snake poison suction,
without needle or needle lodge, indeed totally open. I apply some gluey liquid
on the syringe head and on Rose's swollen exposed clitoris, and I apply the
syringe's open head on it. She gulps as she feels her precious sensitive sexual
organ sucked into the syringe. The special syringe is also rather thin, its
internal diameter is few millimetres, Rose's clit head is a little squeezed
entering there. The sensation has to be only strange at first, but I need her
clit well trapped, then I continue to withdraw the syringe piston till the love
button is painfully encased almost 1,5 cm inside the plastic tube. Rose starts
to bawl in pain and fear. To maintain my full concentration I withdraw my cock
head from her mouth. I lock the piston slid and I take a special curved needle
mounted on a comfortable handle. The needle is curved one time to produce a
hook, and a second time to lay the hook aside. The hook remains hence in a plane
perpendicular to the handle.

I aim the needle point to one side of the poor clit base, and I thread it toward
Rose, parallel to the clit, following it inside its hood, along it, for about 1
cm, then I spin the syringe and I tilt the needle point toward the inner
clitoris shape, and I get through it. Then I came out along its other side. The
clitoris holing procedure is finished, I've horizontally pierced Rose's
clitoris, not in its exposed head, that I prefer intact, but in its hided body,
just at the beginning of its elegant bent inside the woman body. When the
syringe will be removed the clit pierce will results more than 2 cm under the
clitoris exposed part, inside its hood.  

Rose is at the paroxysm, she screams like a crazy, without pause. Not could
seeing what it happens, feeling such a pain in such a private and delicate
place, she is surely thinking that her precious sexual organ has been extirpate.

Since it is impossible to calm her down, and since I don't need anymore her
cooperation, I etherize her.

Now I can also slip out the headphone from my hears!

I take a special made piercing-ring, is the analogous of a standard slim golden
piercing-ring of 1 cm of diameter, but it is not exactly round, it is oblong,
its total length is 3 cm.

Is really better for Rose to be asleep, cause I found many difficulties to
insert it in place. The final result is that Rose's clitoris is pierced about 2
cm inside its hood, and the oblong piercing-ring emerges straight and parallel
to the sides of the clit button, stretching slighting aside its lateral
protections hood. Moreover, since the clit body has been captured meanwhile it
was erect, now the clit button is somehow gathered and forced a little out, then
the sensitive button bulges more than before, and I'm sure that it will remain
like this forever. Rose clit is more exposed now, for me! The piercing-ring
length continues straight sideways the love button, then it has the curve, and
at the curve centre there is the slim junction. It is like Rose's clit had a
fender, or a kind of roll-bar! When it will be healed, it will be an handle to
directly masturbate her hidden clit-shaft!

She is more and more mine!

I carefully disinfect each made piercing.

When Rose awakes, she finds herself still fastened to the bunk, but the bunk is
now tilted forward, her thighs are horizontally now, torso 30 degrees reared,
forehead freed and mouth emptied.

This time her aching crotch is at the level of my hungry dick! 

&lt;Welcome back... &gt;  "Ohoh ooohh, what have you done to me, you ruined me
MONSTE..." &lt;Shut up immediately! I've not ruined you at all! Your sexual
capability are not compromised. I've only pierced you, in an unusual way at
least, but is only a piercing! Do never doubt again of my words or I will become
very angry!&gt; &lt; can we restart now or do you have others good ideas?&gt;
"Ohoo noo Maaster, no mooore I beg you... Please...".

I reached one labial ring and I pull it a little. She screams. Maintaining the
tension I intimate her &lt;Shut up! Or I draw it seriously!&gt;. After a minute
of tension and screams I leave the gold ring go and I insert my cock into Rose's
sore pussy. Rose pain moans get me more hard, but she's not ready yet, I can't
climax yet.

I bent a little and I reach her nipple with my mouth. I suck it really hard, for
at least 2 minutes, then I rapidly pinch the full erect nipple and half areola,
and I pull it hard. Then I place a big needle at the junction line between
areola and pale flesh, and I pierce Rose tit side by side under the areola. She
shrieks loud in pain, and again, during her sufferance, I thrust my cock deep
inside her, in her lovely contracting vaginal canal, adding her more pain with
my rhythmic pelvis movement over her abused pussy.

During the last piercing I paid attention to not pierce Rose mammary gland,
although I made a piercing quite deep and long.

In the fresh tit hole I thread a curved rod, shaped as a slight an smooth omega.
Its shape is 5.5 cm wide and 2 cm height. This 'omega' rod is indeed the
internal 'half ring' of this special piercing. To its external apexes I buckle
another half ring to complete the circle. The external 'half ring' is a perfect
5 cm half circle, and its free extremities fit around the spurting extremities
of the inserted omega rod, fencing them securely, but allowing a mutual
oscillation. The result is a kind of complete almost round piercing ring, of 5
cm diameter, solid thickness, able to fold in half. This way Rose tit brings a
big piercing ring around her areola, but the external side of it is freely
pivoting up and down, as a tilting drawer handle ... a hot flesh drawer.

After some deep thrust inside her body I stop and I begin sucking her next
nipple. She immediately starts crying, knowing what will soon follow.

Adorned the second tit too in the same way, I withdraw few footsteps to admire
my subdued: a spectacle! Seven rings are marking my property. Two of them are 5
cm of diameter that sprout and hung down, following the lower border of Rose's
areolas. The most likely thing that they inspire, is to lift them horizontally,
to thread a finger through it, and to pull!

Others two of them poop out from her pussy sides and ask only to be chained, in
order to control that lustful body like a puppet. 

At least they all are seven more ways to enjoy or torture my captive.

But I'm not finished yet.

With the remote I tilt Rose more forward, her torso is now vertically. She
stares at me scared, she guesses something bad. I fasten again her forehead to
the headrest, erect.

&lt;Open your mouth Rose&gt; scared, she disobeys. I silently keep a pair of
elastic twines, I kneel and I wickedly tense one elastic between her left labial
ring and her left mons-veneris ring, and I do the same to the right twins.

The pain must be sharp, and Rose knows that very well now.

&lt;Now you will take these elastics for long. Open your mouth now, or I will
stretch more the elastics!&gt; now she complies zealous. &lt;Tong out!&gt;
&lt;More out!&gt;. After few minutes Rose's tong sides is supplied with two 1,5
cm golden rings.

&lt;Last one, Rose!&gt; Soon I will be able to leash you by your noose! A loud
heartbroken sobbing follows my words. But I however pierce her septum and I
thread in another 1,5 cm golden ring.

Unfortunately her ears are already pierced, then I simply insert there two
irremovable gold rings of 3 cm with connected 3 cm of chain and another ring
pair at their ends. The rings at the ends of the ear's chains, are smaller, 2
cm.

She trembles, and she's all blood stained. &lt;Ready! Now I will disinfect you.
Relax now, I won't put you anymore improvements for today&gt;.

I start to very gently rub her wounds with powerful antibiotic cream, slowly,
circling them, caressing them. She however jolts once in a while, but she has
started to believe to my assertions, she really tries to relax, despite the
unavoidable pain that even the lightest touch causes to her fresh piercings.
Moreover the wicked elastics are still torturing her pelvis.

I continue in that lovely way for almost half hour, then

&lt;Ok Rose, you have been well disinfected now, later I will give you also one
injection of antibiotics &gt; She stares at me waiting something bad &lt;I want
to fuck you now. Do you prefer here or on my bed?&gt;

What's better, to be raped on a bed where I expect cooperation, or to be raped
on a torture room full of terrible instruments?

"O... On the bed... Master" she replays lowering her eyes.

&lt;Good, but remember that on the bed I will expect your cooperation, no matter
the pain that you get from your wounds&gt;

"Y... ... es Master"

Wow!

I return the table horizontally. I release all restrains except her four
extremities.

Then I shift her wrists to her corset, and I free her legs from the stirrups.

Moving her legs, Rose grimaces a little. &lt;Do not hope that I release the
elastics. You will take them for long to pay your misbehaves&gt;.

&lt;To the bath first&gt;. I lead her to the bathroom. I leash her and I free
her hands &lt;You have one hour to be ready for me. If you need it, you can
release the elastics, but do not forget to put them anew on, before I come
back!&gt;. &lt;You can drink if you want, I return in one hour&gt; I indicate
her the mineral water and a yoghurt bowl.

One hour later, Rose is to her place, to the bathroom centre. Wearing breast
harness, tits straps, corset, cuffs, collar, white hoses, heeled cuffed shoes
and new jewellery hanging all over her perfect body. I check the labial elastics
tension, she hasn't tried foolishness. 

Her pose is a little bent forward, in the attempt to ease the pain from the
elastics, she's lustful!

I got the sudden urge to punish more her arrogant body, and she needs it also to
better understand what she is waiting her if, later, she wouldn't satisfy me
properly.

Again I tie her wrist to her shoulder blade, but I pull them uncomfortably,
constricting them higher. There is not danger that she chokes, because the
collar is connected to the harness-bra, and it discharges there the strength
from her twisted arms.

I move away and I return with a riding crop an anal plug tail and a red
ball-gag. Under her scared look I plant her the ball-gag, then I order her to
bend, and, among her moans I plug her asshole with the well greased butt-plug
with attached the leather tail.

I take the leash from the controlled system and from behind Rose, I begin to
stimulate her to move with the riding crop. I don't emit a word, I hold her by a
collar leash, and with the crop I do her to jolt. She screams a lot under the
gag, for the pain by the crop and by the stretched pussy inner lips and by the
others piercings. But surely she screams also because she doesn't understand
what she has to do to comply me.

Nothing to do, I strike her at intervals but incessantly, and hit by hit I bring
her all over through the castle. I'm heartless, I hit her butt and her thighs
mercilessly for an half hour, making her to run along the endless hallways, up
onto the stairs, through my huge living rooms, my garden... till she fells,
exhaust, knelt, bent down on her thighs. And I stop.

After a minutes in which Rose takes back her breath, I gently tug the leash, to
call Rose standing up again.

What follows is a little show: Sobbing and yelping she lifts a little her torso
and then rocking to her left, she quickly slips the right knee from the floor
and she supports that foot on the ground, showing very well her lustfully thigh.
The consequently tension increasing of the still working elastics, causes her to
desperately yelp on the ball-gag. Pushing over the right foot  she begins to
lift her body, slowly, vacillating unsteady on her heel, managing to keep her
balance despite her hand evilly tied 10 cm under her nape and the constrictive
corset wrapping her waist. While she climbs her big and bound breast swings
under her bent chest, and her highlight butt and legs muscles to tremble under
the effort. The anal-plug-tail fringes brush her legs above the white stockings.
Finally she stands, with her usual exciting attitude: proud body pose and eyes
humbly bowed, and it is another great show.   

By her nipple ring I hurriedly conduce her to the bedroom, I don't pull her
because she is following me adequately. Arrived on the room I quickly slip her
the gag and I throw her onto the bed. I follow her and while she is supine I
grab her head and I drag her on my angry cock. She immediately begins sucking me
passionately, her way to beg me to not torture her anymore. Instead my free hand
reaches her sore pussy to torment it further. She restarts screaming, around my
cock, while I pinch her and I pull the pussy rings from the bad elastics, or I
invade her. After a while of this painful game during which Rose never stops
sucking me greedily and screaming in pain, I jump over her and I penetrate such
an aching pussy... and I'm unable to believe what becomes after a minute of
thrusts: I feel Rose's legs that lift from the mattress and wraps my chest; I
see her infinite eyes to roll backward frantically; I hear her moans to grow up
of intensity and to lower down of tone, with the same rhythm of mine; I notice
that I slide into her more and more better then... the impossible! She comes
again! And hard. And me, at such a inebriating feeling, I climax my way.
Unforgettable!

She searches my mouth and she kisses me passionately for some seconds then...
suddenly, she freezes. She stares at me guiltily, and silently she starts
weeping, and she turns her face aside, away from my gaze.

&lt;Rose, by now you can freely talk. You can ask or say everything you want,
politely of course! I will tell you when to return silent. Remember that I'm not
obliged to answer you, but if I will do, I will tell you only the truth&gt;.

I release the straps around her tits, and I lower to release the cruel elastics
and I slip out the plug-tail. Then I leash her to the head bedpost. I also free
her hands from behind her, leaving them free for one moment. Enough for today I
think, for both... almost enough.

I return over her. She continues weeping silently staring aside.

&lt;I know, you are ashamed because you are let yourself go without being
forced, without being blackmailed, but you are wrong: since you are mine you are
constantly blackmailed, constantly forced, explicitly or implicitly. And your
subconscious already advertised it, and it reacts consequently. Moreover, one
orgasm is the only way for you to ease the pain that I continually inflict to
your body, it is obvious that you need that chip of joy, no matter if it arrives
from your torturer or from someone else&gt;.

She faces me now, staring at me perplexed.

&lt;Don't be ashamed here, in that prison you have no choice, you need this to
bear what it happens to you.&gt;

She's more relieved, she stares at me with some kind of hope, but... &lt;And
perhaps... partly is also your own nature!&gt; She suddenly becomes remorseful
&lt;Surely yours is a nature of a sexual creature. All your poses, your body,
your movements, they expresses only sexuality. Is your nature... and my
luck!&gt;.

I have certainly put her some doubts, cause her expression is so puzzled, but
she has stopped crying.

"M... Master, what you will do to me?" &lt;This night I have to joke with your
new jewels. I think that it will be painful enough, and I don't think that I
will do more. I will rub your body too, perhaps I will fuck you again, or I will
take a blow, but I really don't think that I will torture you in evil ways.&gt;.

"Master, I mean..." I have gently grasped her nose ring &lt;I know that you
didn't mean 'that night'... but you must be more punctual with your questions:
you want to know what I will do to you while you are here, or how long I will
take you here? Or you want to know what I will do with you after?&gt; I like to
tease her, it gives me a great sensation of owning!

"A... After... Master" &lt;I don't know yet. It is sure that I won't kill you,
but I have already explained you this point yesterday. I've sold some former
slaves to sheiks for their harems. I have even freed some others, but they were
particular conditions.&gt; "What conditions?" &lt;Change question!&gt;

"How long... " &lt;I don't know yet, but surely I will hold you here for many
months&gt;.

Rose starts again weeping "You will torture me like this for whole the time?...
Master?" &lt;No, I will find always new tortures for you... I like torturing
you, and you are here for my pleasure. Sometimes you could avoid the planned
torture proposing me an alternative, like last night, sometimes I will give you
some rest, but you are here to be punished, you deserve it and you will be! You
are already lucky that I don't like damaging torture, and that I like allowing
my captives to climax often.&gt; &lt;Finally you are lucky that I find you
really especial, and probably I will continue to reserve you a treatment more
easy than usually&gt;.

&lt;No more question for today slave, take back your properly silent attitude!
And now turn on your side, your back toward me, to allow me to please with your
body. If you resists to my invading hands, I will tie also your legs, and I will
be worse.&gt;

She takes the pose of last night, and I tie her wrist cuffs to a strap from the
outer border of the bed, then I take my place behind her. As last night I slip
my right hand under her waist, wrapping her pelvis and I reach her pussy. My
left hand instead wraps her chest from above her, reaching her great tits, that
hang more, since I loosed the tit-straps. This night my hands are like in a
pleasure park, with a lot more toys to have fun. I have to exploit the vantages
of that recent wounds.

My both hands begin playing with the gold piercings. My right hand plays with
both pussy lips, together and separately, pulling them and twisting them, and
digging into Rose's pussy as deep as possible. I'm not rough of course, I'm
quite soft, but also this light treatment is very painfully with those fresh
wounds, and more than Rose bewails for the pain, more than I like hurting her. I
save somehow her clitoris, cause I know that it is really proved, and I look
forward for its healing.

My mouth tastes her shoulders and neck, while my hands torment her pussy and
nipples causing Rose to moan subdued. And after a lot of delights, with the
pacifier Rose's flesh in my mouth, the playthings in my hands and a lullaby in
my hears, satisfied I fell asleep.



By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




Rest day (03o Chap.)



(M/f, NC, Real., Abduction, Enslav., Tort, Rape, Enema, Modif., Chastity Belt)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



Today Rose needs and deserves a rest. And me too I need to calm down a little.

I have even to work at least. 

I awaken Rose with a slap on her lustful arse. &lt;You have one hour for the
bath&gt;.

While I leash her to the bathroom &lt;strip you completely&gt; I begin unlocking
every micro padlocks except, obviously, the collar one... it even hasn't one!
&lt;When I return you must wear only wrist cuffs, clean white stockings,
shoes... and collar&gt; &lt;Like usual you have to clean yoursel in and out, oil
your body, perfume you and put some make up, like you wanted to be ready for a
lover&gt; &lt;You will find a little brush on the sink, use it to keep clean
your new jewels. Have also a soak of betadine on your pussy&gt;.

When I return she's ready, standing proud to the centre of the room, eyes down.

Her breast, free, hangs over her chest. The many little gold rings and chains
hanging from her exalt her beauty.

I approach her and I begin to carefully disinfect each piercing with a powerful
medicine.

Despite the pain Rose stills, knowing the importance of this process.

While I medicate I smell her. The perfume that I provided her is a roses
fragrance, and Rose... she smells like a fresh rose. Sometime I kiss and taste
her, she shivers in fear at every touch. She turns me on!

Terminate to medicate her I lock the micro padlocks and I... dress her:

I attach a piece of red cloth between the two pierced rings at the upper sides
of her shaggy mons-veneris. The red fabric wears like a little short red curtain
over her pelvis that barely hides her sex: the Y2k evolution of mini skirt!

After a first astonishment moment,  looking herself in the mirror, Rose escapes
an hint of smile. She likes her new skirt! Me too! My design!

The red curtain is so short that Rose's pussy is barely in view from under it.

Then I tie her arms behind her, like usual, I bring her hands to her shoulder
blades, but looser this time, I drag her hands only at her elbows level of or
just a little upper.

I detach the leash from the controlled chain and I drag her toward the dungeon.
She uncertainly follows me and she starts begging me in a desperate way
"Maaaster pleeease, ... I'm afraid..."  &lt;Shut up, or I have to punish you&gt;
"Ohooo Noohh ooo, pleeease...". 

In the dungeon I drag her to the centre, I leave the leash and I begin to turn
around her, observing her, her beauty, her helpless, her hopeless, her
subjugation... to me.

&lt;Kneel! Wide!&gt; she does slowly but promptly, staring at me hopeful. 

&lt;If I give you a journey of relative rest, would you be grateful?&gt; "Yes
Master I will, very much, have I to do something Master?" &lt;Understand me
well: I don't promise you nothing, but perhaps, if I have a good time with you,
I will give you a journey to the swimming pool&gt; "Anything Master, anything!"
I approach her &lt;Good, but remember this is not a pact, I can change my mind
at any moment! Even if you behave flawlessly&gt; She throws herself toward my
legs, caressing me with her cheek and her sinful breast "Yes Master, as you like
Master". I withdraw astonished: she's incredible. At her third day in slavery
she has attitudes of long trained slave.

&lt;Are you ever been in love for someone?&gt; "... Yes... Master" &lt;I don't
think so, in that case you would have given it your asshole. Anyway, I will
bring you to my bed, and I expect that you behaves like a madly in love girl.
You have to be really passionate. If you will satisfy me, maybe I decide to
bring you to the pool and to leave you there, alone, without harsh torture
devices on. If you like to try to earn the rest, run in the bedroom and stand me
over the bed. From this moment you can tell only bed phrases... Remember to not
even try to simulate orgasms. If you come there is the chance to gain some
slight rewards, if not, I could decide to revenge on you a little, since now I
know you would be able. But if I caught you lying me in any way, I would brand
the word LIAR onto your belly!&gt;. After an endless second during which she
examined the reliability of my menace, she silently starts nodding 'No, no, no'
scared. Then, always silently, she climbs and she moves like a mannequin toward
the bedroom, she already knows the way!

I follow her up to the bed onto which she has knelt to the centre, with haughty
torso and bowed eyes.

I climb behind her and I immediately grasp her tit and her pussy, fondling them.
She replays stretching out herself toward me, searching my mouth, and she starts
kissing me, deeply, passionately. 

We make love, like two lovers... almost: It is an impossible thing to own a
beautiful creature like Rose without punish her body in at least some slight
ways. While Rose gives her best to comply me, I cruelly pinch her inner thighs,
her bosoms, I jerk her gold rings, causing her to moan or even to scream. But
her desperate desire of some rest, and, surely, to avoid the impending whip,
makes her to accept gladly my many injustices.

Immediately after each of my spites she restarts searching me and displaying
herself to me.

She moves around me rubbing me, inviting me, she makes me feel like she is would
really desiring me.

I can follow the growth of her auto-imposed excitement by probing her wet and
wet pussy.

And she even climaxes! While I'm gently sucking her just ringed and still aching
clit, although I was painfully pinching her nipples, she comes, moaning loud for
the pain and the pleasure.

Without pause and without letting go her tits, I climb over her and I begin
fucking her, or better, raping her, but instead of fighting the raper, she lifts
anew her legs wrapping my back, following and leading my thrusts, rhythmically
clasping my raping penis. I embrace her and I roll her over me and I push her
torso erect. Not a single word is necessary, Rose begins thrusting around me,
sustaining herself by her knees. I enjoy the view of her big breast's bounces in
the ride, and I begin to slap hard her arse. She screams, because I'm really
cruel, but I've lost my control, I'm close to orgasm. I roughly grab her right
tit to pull her aside allowing so my right hand to spank her better. Then I
change tit, to spank her other side, more excited by her distressed shouts.

Despite the pain on tits and arse she never dares to stop thrusting, she knows
that longer I will endure, much more I will spank her.

In fact Rose strikes continue till I climax, in ecstasy, owning her body into my
hand, her cry in my hear, my seed deep inside her...  She's mine!

I collapse on the pillow and Rose collapses over me, sobbing.

I'm not sure she came again, I think yes.

After a minute of respite I lift my head and I face Rose. I silently gaze at
her. She stares at me some seconds, but she's not puzzled, she knows her duties.
Then, still silently, she slides down, to my crotch, and she begins licking
gently my wet and softened cock. She kisses it, cleans it, sucks it, until it
gets hard anew. And then she continues loving it, abandoned. Relaxed, I enjoy my
captive, caressing and grabbing her hairs. She works slowly, as she would like
relaxing me more, to satisfy me. Her new rings in her tongue tickle my shaft,
improving my pleasure, they have been a good choice. Squatted between my thighs,
her hands behind her back, busied to please her owner, Rose is always a
spectacle. I endure a lot, I've lost time cognition, but I'm sure that Rose was
working on my cock at least for an half hour, before I come again. And I come
inside her hot mouth, while she hungrily sucks every drop of me, perfectly. And
without pause, as I instructed her, she doesn't end working, until I stop her,
after another ten of beautiful minutes.

&lt;Ok Rose. Lift you on your feet across me, and stay, while I admire your
body..., while I admire my property, from below it&gt;. It is not simple thing
to stood over a mattress with high heels and hands tied behind the back, even
with your absolute owner that is helping you a little, but Rose manages to
comply her owner anyway... Good slave!

Her just molested new piercings have bleed and some smeared trickles dirt her
body.

I admire her pussy under the mini mini skirt, and her proud big tits, and her
flanks, and legs... Ohhh, I've been very lucky this time!

&lt;Ok Rose get down from the bed&gt;.

She kneels over me and she goes down from the bed.

I conduct Rose anew in the dungeon, she hesitates at the entry &lt;Ahead! Do not
dare to protest!&gt; She shivers and sobs. I tug the leash and I roughly spin
her facing me by her shoulders &lt;Do not dare to protest and widen your
legs&gt; she weeps obeying. I kneel between her legs and I softly and carefully
wrap the clit ring with a small piece of transparent film, like that for foods.
I wrap in the same manner also the labial rings. She yelps, but she understands
that my aim is not to hurt her. Then I smear Rose's mound hairs with a kind of
sticky gel and I cling over them another piece of plastic film.

&lt;Now we wait that the gel dries a little&gt; "... Master ?..." &lt;Soon you
will clearly understand my intents Rose&gt;.

Just to pass the time I walk around my scared property, sometimes I caress her
hairs, sometimes her red lips, that Rose justly parts to allow me to freely
probe her mouth inside. I caress possessively her bottom, and I give it a good
pinch.

The gel is half dried now, &lt;Move to that corner&gt;.

There is a strange couple of boxes over a likewise strange stool. &lt;Face me
and go back up to the box&gt; When she did, I shift the second box to enclose
her basin and upper legs among them and I lock some locking devices all around.
Rose breath begins heavy. I approach her face and I softly support an hand on
her cheek, while my thumb slides gently into her mouth and it caresses her cheek
internal side &lt;Relax Rose, I'm only taking a mould of you, from your upper
thighs to your waist, the only pain that you will feel, it will be due to
these&gt; and I produce a couple of semi-rigid, rather slim, rubber plugs, that
I lube and I slowly insert in her lower holes, causing her to grimace a lot and
emit some slight yelp. &lt;As you may notice, their dimensions are not
worrisome, you have to admit that it is not a real torture, they are simply
needed from the mould&gt; these two nozzles have at their ends a kind of base to
grip in the dry chalk. In truth I will not use chalk, but a specific material
for body mouldings.

I set some sheets of paper that will allow the two half moulds to separate when
the chalk will be dry, then I begin casting the chalk.

While I drain the liquid chalk I pay high attention, plunging one hand into,
that it adheres very well to Rose's body, chiefly to every pussy crevice.

&lt;The arrangements that I made with the gel and the film will prevent that
hairs and rings grip with the chalk, besides they will improve the moulding
result&gt;.

The boxes are full.

&lt;I have to be sure that you won't move Rose. Now I will thread some big
needles through the walls of the box, but I don't want to wound or to hurt you,
I will introduce them slowly and I will stop when they will softly touch you,
then don't dare to move at all slave!&gt;

I do. This way every attempt to move would result very unpleasant for Rose, and,
worst, I would surely notice it.

In half hour I unlock the boxes and I slowly pull the first one toward me
&lt;Walk with the box Rose&gt;. She carefully follows the frontal box movement,
having felt that the two plugs are planted in that mould portion. Then I begin
lowering the stool under the frontal box. Although her comprehensible fear, the
lubricated pliable rubber nozzles slide easily from her inner most, letting Rose
only scared and stained. Only her piercing clit has gripped a very little, but
the chalk released it almost immediately, causing Rose only a great fear and a
yelp of anticipation.

&lt;Ok, another one and we finished&gt; After having washed her with a hose and
dried her with a towel, I wrap her waist with a special synthetic belt, of slim
thickness and slightly deformable material. I tightened it well, and I buckled
it at her back. Her waist is rather constricted now and the special belt
material is perfectly following her forms, but she's surely not in trouble,
she's only uncomfortable.

Now I repeat whole the procedure to take another Rose mould.

When finished, half hour later, I free her waist and I wash her anew.

&lt;That's that! Go ahead! To the bath now, then on the swimming pool!&gt;

"Hooh, Thank you Master".

Cleaned and perfumed she's awaiting me to the centre of the bath, her right
place.

I prepare her like before: hands behind her but not so high, and micro skirt. I
also leave her stockings and heeled shoes, I love her with them, even if in a
swimming pool!

I produce some little red floats, as those for fishing, but smaller, with 5 cm
of wire attached on each one. Once into the water, she will doesn't feel a very
tug, but only their irksome presence. I connect a float to each hanging ring, 2
to the pussy, 2 to the nipples, 2 to the ears an 1 to the nose. I spare only her
clit and her mons-veneris two, on which I've already attached the red micro
skirt.

She's ready to be lead to the centre of my castle, to the rim of my swimming
pool.

The roof above is almost transparent. The sun light makes it very pleasant and
relaxant.

One swimming pool's side isn't vertical, it is a ample staircase that kindly
dips into the water. 

&lt;I think that I will leave you here some hours. You can take all the sun you
want, as the coverage is a very good UV filter. Your skin will however remain
white for your master pleasure. From the external side, the coverage is also
semi reflecting, so the desert sun power is mitigate, and no one, even flying
over the castle, can see anything inside the castle. Otherwise you can stay
under the sunshade. If you are thirsty you can drink from this tray, by the
straws. In the same way you can take soup or yoghurt if you are hungry. You can
have music. And if you need to pee I've left you a basin in that corner. I have
made tense a grid under the water, so you can access whole the swimming pool
with tied hands without risks. The entrance is also really easy, also with
heels. I would like to see you in the water if I get a pause from my business,
then I suggest you to plunge very often. This way the little floats that I've
connected to your piercings will have many occasions to remember you that your
body belongs to me now&gt;.

Talking her, I bring her to the lateral edge of the pool, her back to the water.
&lt;Have a good rest Rose, enjoy it, because for tomorrow I've some bad things
in store for you&gt;.

A glance of terror flashes through her green eyes, so I feel the need to
reassure her &lt;Rose, Rose. There is nothing to be afraid, because there is
nothing you can do to avoid it. You will get whatever I will like to give you,
my dear... You are a slave now, my slave&gt;.

I wrap her slim waist and I grab her hairs. I twist her head backward and I kiss
her, deeply, then my hand slides under her micro skirt and invades her helpless
pussy. I know I'm rough, but Rose, moaning, cleverly continues kissing me
passionately, and she even lifts one leg to allow my invading hand to better
molest her inner.

The nose float digs into our both faces and its wire pulls her still aching
septum, but it seems she doesn't care about.

She's very soft and sexy, but I've to go, then I suddenly move away and I push
her in the water behind her. She shouts, but after few seconds of instinctive
fear to drawn, she realizes that the grid supports her with the head over the
water, and she calms down. She even escapes a broad smile, she likes my pool!

&lt;Remember to plunge often, I like seeing you on the swim!&gt;

I get in my office, to evade some affairs, but my work is slower and longer than
I supposed, cause I have left the TV spying Rose. I am frequently brought off by
her movements, her lustful and gentle body, her polite manners beside her
predicament.

As instructed or maybe as she simply likes, Rose gets in the swimming pool many
times. She rises standing with difficulty, cause her tied hands, and she walks
slowly and magnificently toward the stairway that leads her in and out the
water. Her micro skirt makes her incredibly provoking. She steps down the stairs
like an used mannequin, sexily swinging her haunches to maintain her balance
over the high hells. She can't swim, obviously, but she however manages to sway
someway, pushing by her legs.

Then, after few minutes she comes out, in the same sexy manner, while the water
strains from her lustful body. And she returns to lay over the deckchair, under
the sun... she's in vacation, to the Mediterrane!

I gladly think of her distress for the feeling of her shoes and stockings
constantly wet. I like her with them, and I like that she continuously senses
her totally dependence by my caprices.

Sometimes I see her to drink or to heat by the straws.

Occasionally I come down to Rose, frightening her, but I simply pull up her
stockings, or I just stare at her for sometime, saying nothing. Then I leave,
with Rose's great relief.

Hours pass, I come down to Rose to tell her to don't plunge any more, because
soon it will be too dark.

The internal temperature is all controlled, but I don't however want taking the
risk that she get sick.

At 9:00pm I'm hungry, but is too soon to make Rose to serve me, and for this
reason my humor abruptly becomes dark, like the just arrived evening.

&lt;Time to go to sleep! Hurry up, in the dungeon!&gt; I roughly met my pray,
and I strike her hip with the crop, weeping away her just retrieved little peace
&lt;I want to find you knelt near the door of your cell, run!&gt; and I strike
again her arse &lt;Not a word! Not one!&gt; and I strike her another time.
Weeping loudly she runs toward the dungeon.

I found Rose weeping, knelt, staring at me hopeful, puzzled. 

&lt;No Rose, you have right behaved, this is not the reason for my rage. But I
don't need any reason to enrage, I am, that is all! Maybe by the time you will
become able to foresee this kind of things, and it would better for you that you
will be. And you will also be able to avoid them, but for the moment you can
only pay the consequences, cause you are the slave and I'm your owner!&gt;.

I open the cell door and I drag Rose inside. I padlock a chain from the wall to
her collar and I free her ands from behind her only to reattach them to the same
collar chain. She can't lower her hands under her tits. &lt;On the cot slave!
Lay down!&gt;. I connect the collar chain to the headboard, shortening her
chances of movements.

Then I unlock her wet cuff-shoes and I slip them off. I also roughly slip her
stockings.

I would like that she begged to come into my bed, in that case, sure, I would
calm down a little. But instead she stays silent, maybe for fear, maybe because
she prefers staying far from me. I won't interfere in any way, despite she's
only at her second slavery day, and I shouldn't expect so much, tomorrow I will
have my revenge on her.

I obviously could immediately do her to repent having preferred the cot to my
bed, applying her few evilly distresses for the night, but if she acquires that
the night on the cot means pain, I will never know when, and if, she will
prefers my wicked companionship to loneliness.

So, I simply cuff and tie her ankles to the bed foot, she can't even bend. I
gratify myself knowing that she can't have pussy gratification if I'm faraway.

I also get off her micro skirt.

I quickly disinfect her piercings and, although the temperature is checked, I
pull a sheet over her defenceless, forcefully outstretched, naked body.

I leave, and after having some whiskeys, more disappointed, I go to sleep my
way... alone and more and more angry.



By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




Revenge (04o Chap.)



(M/f, NC, Real., Abduction, Enslav., Tort, Rape, Enema, Modif., Chastity Belt)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



The following morning I wake up very angry and I join Rose downstairs at once. I
would have several things to do away, but before them, I urge putting her in
great pain. She will learn to behave properly toward her Master... or she will
learn to suffer a lot more than necessary.

She's blissfully sleeping distended on one side, peacefully alone on her cot.

I come into the cell and I awake her with a sharp spank onto that inviting
buttock.

I roughly plant my knee on her back, forcing her onto her stomach, then I switch
her hands to behind her neck and finally I release her from the cot and the
wall.

When she starts pleading at me for my rough manners, I cut her off
&lt;Silence!&gt; I forcefully draw her to the bath, where I leash her just
before unshackling her hands &lt;Usually! You have one hour&gt;.

When I return I found Rose at the bath centre, waiting for me, totally naked but
the collar, shivering in fear and shame. &lt;I give you 20 more minutes to
entwine a braid, a strong red bride that has to come out vertically from the tip
of your head, make it with all your hairs.&gt; I hand her a leather thong
&lt;And you have to entwine this leash with them, well braided within your
hairs&gt;. &lt;You will find many ribbons over the sink. I will stroll here
about to check your job, but it will be better for you that you won't need my
intervention. Use most of the leash length within the bride, it has to be well
fixed to your head. And not a question, if you get it wrong I will make you to
realize it!&gt;.

&lt;Work calmly, you have plenty of time!&gt;.

Trembling, she moves near the sink, and facing the mirror she complies my order
with the diligence of a beautiful slave.

She's unique, with her hair pulled up, Rose has assumed a kind of regal
semblances, like a princess, my princess... slave!

She done a good job, I'm sure that the leash would sustain even her full weight,
but this is not my aim. Anyway I order her to kneel and I give few good yanks to
her braid, not to check it, only to amuse myself with her shouts.

&lt;Good job, stand up now, slave!&gt;

She's frightened, she feels that I'm enraged with her for something.

I put her four leather cuffs, but nothing charming, no sexy shoes, no stirring
stockings ... no lovely micro skirt, I want she senses that today is a different
day, so different.

I put her the leather harness-bra, and I wrap her tits with the straps, like
usual without tightening them much.

Those globes that spurt out, trapped and exposed, are showing at the same time
Rose's vulnerability and my power over her. I tie her hand behind her back, to
her shoulder blades, high! She would choke if the collar was not linked to the
harness. She weeps, cause she understood that it will be a long day for her.
"Please Master, I will do everithmhff..." I roughly put the ring gag between her
jaws, with a multi-hole plug already mounted, and I fast it behind her head.

&lt;No agreement today, only pain for the slaves! A lot of pain!&gt; She howls
on the gag. Her knees bent by the fear: she has right to have it!

I lead Rose in the dungeon by the braid leash, and I tie her ankle cuffs at two
bolts in the floor, forcing her foots one meter apart.

I switch her wrists to a pair of ceiling chains. With the remote I lift her arms
high and spread. She has to stood now.

I decide to clasp her extended waist with a leather corset, well tight, of
course. Like last time, her butt becomes rounder and more exciting, while her
chest thrusts obscenely out her defenselessly breast.

&lt;You are ready Rose, we can start amusing us!&gt; She has never stopped
weeping, but when I show her a long pliable rubber cock, 3.5 cm of diameter, 30
cm long, while my fingers are probing and lubricating her asshole, she franticly
starts nodding her head, screaming at me something muffled and desperate. But I
continue lubricating her asshole for long, enjoying her useless supplications,
then I kneel behind her and I start inserting the rubber dick deep into her
asshole, slowly, enjoying her desperate and muffled screams. I last the
insertion for at least 15 minutes, during which I naughtily slip few cm inside,
then I withdraw a little out, prolonging her torment, eliciting more Rose's
howls. The rubber plug hides a little vibrator in its middle section. It bulges
a little the malleable material. It is obviously this bulged portion of the
invader that I amuse myself to push in and out more insistently, causing many
distresses to my Rose.

Into her pussy I planned to insert a necklace of pearls of 2 cm each, with some
cm of thread interlacing them. I take my preferred position, behind her, leaned
out over her right shoulder, my left hand tormenting her tits while the other
hand slowly works on her soft pussy. I slip the 5 greased pearls deep inside
Rose, one by one, pushing each one with all my middle index. I don't forget to
explore a little Rose inside at every pearl, I also pinch her, now on her labia,
then on her hood clit, sometimes hard, sometimes softly. I force myself to save
her pierced clit, it still has to ache enough, and I need that it heals as soon
as possible. It is beautiful to possess her like this, feeling her to shiver in
pain or in surprise. Surely she never allowed anyone to know her body so
profoundly like I do in this days. Surely even her own she's never dared so
much, but now she belongs to me, and I've all the rights to know my property
better than any others, her own included, cause she doesn't belong to herself
anymore.

I continue using the pearls insertion to torment her sore pussy, enjoying her
cries and her attempts to withdraw her arse. But every time she withdraws, my
pitiless hand follows her pelvis' escape and continues tormenting it regardless.
And sometimes I even use one of the two fresh labial golden rings to drag her
pussy forward, toward her unavoidable fate. &lt;Soon, when your piercings will
be healed a little better, we should apply some weights to carry, you can't wait
for, isn't? &gt;. I have really good time with her desperate wail of pain and
fear. 

I had followed the five pearls by a little egg-vibrator and finally I inserted
the short cylinder that will maintain the egg under Rose's responsive G-spot.
Rose's moans are enthusiastically. Her voice tone has become more low, and so
hot. It seems that she is guarding something very valuable inside her, something
hurting, invading, filling, unwilled, but precious! I think she begins enjoying
that kind of humiliating invasions of her body.

I have my hands dripped of lubricant, but I'm sure that my captive too has
helped to lubricate them.

I enjoy these moments of Rose's renouncement by rubbing long time both her slits
with a lot of lubricant. Then I reach the studded strap dangling behind her from
the corset, between her legs, I buckle it in the corset front and I tighten it,
very well.

She complains a lot at the feeling of the countless little rubber studs digging
in her most precious skin, it is a discomfort certainly not overcame from those
of the rubber cock and the pearls trusted deeper inside her.

It is time to switch on the vibrator hided into the anal plug and that of the
egg-vibrator, both minimum power. finally I buckle the batteries to her leather
corset side.

Rose general discomfort is evident by her grimaces, but now and then she also
emits some very low tone moans, in resonance with the vibrators, although for
the most part of time, she continues weeping and howling for the fear and the
pain. but I've even not commenced my cruel game.

&lt;Dear Rose, you won't believe it, but this so uncomfortable crotch strap it
is not a torture, instead it is a protection... be happy!&gt;. She's really
terrorized now I can see her to tremble, she shakes all over.

Without releasing her feet from the floor bolts, I connect another pair of
ceiling chain to her ankle cuffs, that way, later, changing her position will be
simple thing.

She's ready for my whip!

&lt;As I just said, the crotch strap is to protect your clit and your innermost
from the whip, for the moment&gt; she tries begging me desperately through the
gag but... &lt;...I will whip you very well today, and I will also enjoy
listening to your screams&gt; I unbuckle the plug from her ring gag. &lt;The
only relief that I will allow you, is something to drink, the vibrators' action,
and the fullness sensation inside your pussy and asshole... if you enjoy them
good for you, otherwise they will simply worsen your deserved suffering!&gt;

I begin walking around Rose, observing her fully spread, trembling, beautiful
body. 

&lt;I know what you are thinking: how can you escape from my whip? No way... by
now, but perhaps, only perhaps, if you would have tried something before,
perhaps you would have at least mitigate my desire to punish you. How? I don't
know! This is your problem! Your big problem. It has become the most important
problem of your life!&gt; she weeps silently, looking at me astonished &lt;I
already told you that the only purpose of your new life is to please me, and not
merely to obey my orders! As soon as you will acknowledge this concept, as soon
as you will focus on it, as soon that you will be able to found means to
redirect some of my enjoyments from your pain to something else!&gt;.

My whip land over her abdomen at the end of this phrase. It hits her just under
the corset's edge, catching her by surprise while she was evidently reflecting
over my words. But the poor Rose even hasn't enough time to scream for the first
blast of pain, that the whip is already cruelly caressing her shapely bottom.
Now she finds the time to cry aloud for both, but I strike her again and again,
maintaining some seconds between a strike ad the next one, but without a kind of
real respite.

She never ceases to try begging me to stop among her continuous piercing
screams, but the ring-gag fixed into her mouth is hindering her pleads, and
anyway, I surely wouldn't stop anyway. Instead I continue striking her glorious
body, searching her most inviting spots to hit, feeling my rage flowing through
me to my whip, then through the whip to Rose's skin and then from Rose's
agonizing body springing back to me, converted into waves of pure pleasure.

I strike her arse and haunches without mercy while she wriggles her bottom in
the desperate attempt to avoid at least a single kiss of the whip's leather,
screaming by the foul pain, ignoring that barely five minutes have passed,
nothing, compared to what she still has to take.

While I leash her I regret to have protected most of her belly with the corset,
but the sight of her thinned waist, with just below such a shaped ass, gives me
back for the lack. And I retaliate over it, leashing it mercilessly, starting
just below the corset's edge down to her rear thighs.

Ohohoh she sings very stridently now! She shakes her head at every slap, she
squirms desperately her lower lovely body, but her lovely lower body is mine,
like any other part of her, and I've decided to cruelly beat it, to affirm my
domain, and to have the right revenge for her fault of the last night, and to
take my pleasure.

Fortunately her ring gag is made with an amortized material, otherwise she would
surely broke some teeth during this terrible agony.

I pause a moment and I grab her hairs to face her to me &lt;I like whipping a
female, but to whip you is much better. I think I will continue for long... Have
you something else to do today?&gt; I withdraw when she tries again to beg at me
and I restart whipping her upper back. I perfectly criss-cross it in few
strokes.

Rose protests are decreasing, it is time to take back the strengths.

I put down the whip. I grab her red head by the braid with one hand, and with
the other one I pour some water into her mouth. She drinks, coughing and
spilling out the most part.

To revive her massaging her body with the oil. I incredibly like touching her,
she's really alluring.

Caressing her lower belly and pelvis I can feel the naughty double buzzing
inside her.

I also enjoy myself by pressing onto her inner plugs through the crotch strap,
teasing her. And she responds to my teases with her low tone sexy moans, at
every push! Evidently her extreme need to alleviate the agony, induces Rose to
collect every minimal, or even only potential, available source of pleasure.

Her butt is so reddened, with a lot of swelled stripes. I rub it for long, with
the healing oil, eliciting her wails of pain &lt;It hurt even touching it,
isn't?&gt; she tries a confused "Yes Sir", but &lt;So you may feeling better the
bite of the whip on it!&gt; "Ohh hhh noo hhh oooo". &lt;Enjoy your vibrators, I
come back soon.&gt;

I leave the dungeon to take some cafe. I get back one hour later.

Her low mewing is audible by the hallway, it suddenly become a begging howl as
she sees me to seize again the whip.

I approach Rose, just behind her back, in my usual post, restarting to tease her
well protected and well filled holes and I even grab her big, provoking
thrust-out tit. I knead it without many regards while I talk to her &lt;I would
like playing a little with your innermost, but unfortunately they are protected
from the strap, hence, to enjoy myself I only can whip you&gt;

Pulling the plaited leash I force her head back, then I buckle her braid to a
D-ring on the corset rear. I don't haul it so much, I don't want that she
injuries her neck bone in a spasm of pain, I simply want that she stares up.

While Rose is yelling by the fear, aloft, desperately, my whip take anew back to
torment her mercilessly, with the same nastily calm cadence.

I got many new interesting targets, like her calves and her flanks, but after
few minutes I begin to whip her incredible breast, causing Rose to revitalize
the screams' volume.

Her "staring up position" allows my whip to land from every direction, hitting
her lustful tits from all sides.

During the breast whipping the pain must be unbearable, since Rose screams are
like we had just started and her limbs are pulling at their restrains
spasmodically. She energetically twists and among her yells she seeks me at her
sides, she frantically begs me to stop, I guess she is trying to promise me
whatever, everything to ease only for an hint my cruelty.

&lt;As I already said, I like whipping you, and I'm not tired at all yet &gt;.

And I continue whipping her bosom few strokes. Sometimes I budge more distant
and I start hitting her fresh pierced nipples with the whip tip.

What likable game: I stood in front of my captive to take aim, a little delay to
increase the suspense, then the strike. If I hit the mark, my slave's scream
really excites me. Instead, if she dares to shift in order to avoid the due
knock, I give her four or five rapid lashes all over her haunches and the
consequently prolonged howl is likewise full exciting. Not bad!

I've increased the intercalating time between the leashes, her breast's skin is
so tender, I don't want to exaggerate, and I don't want that she passes out,
losing this fun. I strike her once every about a minute, there's no hurry. And
that mere minute of pause isn't even enough to fade down Rose's muscles' torture
contraptions!

Another long, wonderful, half hour of whipping is passed, I'm worried to injury
her, to loose my control, then I stop... for the moment.

She's sweating plenty. Her body glistens all over by sweat and oil.

Heedless to her blubber and her fraught pleads, I oil more her whole reddened
and swelled body, I also grab her head and I manage to kiss her, through the
ring gag. Gorgeous! After just few seconds in which she is still almost unaware,
Rose responds to my kiss at her best, greeting my invading tongue like a gift,
no, better, like a king, a king that is meeting her princess... her princess
slave!

To better allow her to kiss me I release the braided leash from her corset.

I enjoy my power over Rose for a while, entrusting my hands to remember to the
rest of her body too, that the king is me!

Since I still cannot invade her lowest holes, I'm really tempted to tickle her,
but I have decided to hold such a delight for the next few days, and I don't
want to spoil her the surprise. So I continue teasing her lower parts with
pinches and rubs.

&lt;Time to change position!&gt;

I lower her punished body over a stool that I dragged under her. With a such
beaten butt, even merely to seat is an hard thing, in fact Rose manages to push
her trunk forward, trying to support her weight with her not stricken yet inner
thighs. &lt;Yes my captive, now you could find some support on your inner
thighs, but soon even these save sections of yours will follow the fate of your
arse. I didn't forget them, I'm simply waiting to have you in a better position
for it!&gt;

Staring at me with her beautiful, charged of tears, eyes, Rose takes advantage
from the slack of the wrist chains to lowly rub her cheek and her aching tits
onto my flank. Wow!

I roughly grip her red braid and I jerk her head back &lt;Every other girl after
such a crude treatment she would surely thrown onto my crotch, trying boorishly
to take my cock in her mouth, to give me to understand that she would be ready
to do everything. But you... not you!&gt; She moans excusing, trying to nod
against my clasped hand &lt;Oh yes Rose, I well know that you are ready to do
everything too, I'm sure that you would give me an unforgettable blowjob. But
your manners are more polite, and perhaps there is even a little remnant of
pride that prevents you to behave vulgarly. You know Rose, I like so much your
refined manners, never excessive and chiefly never vulgar despite the adverse
circumstances. I'm really glad of that. For later, I'd planned to uncover and to
whip mercilessly your pussy, but you have just earned to spare it. Moreover I
will shorten your today whipping session.

Do not forget what kind of things could permit you to earn something, they could
avoid you a lot of sufferings. You can drink again now&gt; I poured some more
water in her still fixed open mouth. &lt;Respite Rose, we will restart our
amusing game later. I said that I would have shortened it, not that I would have
cut off a so entertaining pastime!&gt;. I leave the dungeon among her submitted
whines.

I return two hours later, she's asleep, legs mercilessly spread, somehow bent so
that to allow her crotch to support on the stool, arms wide and up, head
reclined on her raised shoulder.

She awakes feeling me untying her legs from the floor. But she knows to have
nothing to be happy about.

By the braid I compel her head facing up, again without forcing too much her
slender neck.

With the remote I shorten her ankle chains. Her feet slide forward then they
lift on air.

Guessing what is about to happen to her, Rose starts to cry aloud.

I take a special stool, slightly stuffed, and I place it under Rose's waist,
supporting her some, then I bolt it to the floor and I wrap Rose's waist with a
belt, assuring her to the stool.

I arrange the wrist chains under two hooks, so they are now coming almost
horizontally, finally I tighten all the four chains.

Rose finds herself very spread, her belly facing up, a little bent at her waist
level, with both her lower limbs pointing high and wide, while her arms are
spread but almost horizontal. Her chin is pointing up and the braided leash
prevents her from rising her head, she can turn her face a little at sides, but
she has to stare horizontally.

Her legs are obscenely spread, they await my whip. I'm sure that after today
treatment, Rose will think of me as someone to amuse and to entertain in every
possible way, at one's best. Everything in order to avoid such a kind of
tortures! And I'm sure she has already understood it, cause she's howling at me,
searching me despite her head coercion, calling me, talking to me, begging at me
frantically.

I kneel in front of her upside down face, staring at her I put down the whip
over her fastened body and I grab one of her aching tits, causing her to jolt.
&lt;Now you will be grateful to your crotch strap, it will protects you while
cruelly I whip your inner thighs. The whipping session will terminate with this
last thing and another one, you will soon discover in what it consists. I
couldn't abdicate these delights at all, but I will give you something to
distract you from the pain on your legs&gt;. Without letting go her tit I stand
up, and finding herself perfectly facing with my proudly erect cock, Rose
immediately understands what I meant, and she launches a long subdued moan.

She cutely doesn't dare to avoid me, I simply have calmly to insert my cock head
trough the ring gag. At once she begins treating it like the important guest
that it is, like the landlord. Her hot tongue caresses it, twirling all around
it, playing with it, massaging its edges, tenderly poking its little hole...
she's exceptional, but both of us know that today this is not enough &lt;Like
last time, before to thrust myself inside your throat I will give you few
seconds to take your breath, don't waste even one instant of that time, because
today I will remain inside you longer! If I notice that you are in trouble, and
believe me you will be, I will allow you more seconds&gt; She howls briefly
around me. &lt;We make a test... breath!&gt; she inhales plenty two time, then I
agreeably slide inside her, not all length, but enough to choke her. I linger
inside Rose's throat, kneading her both welted, swelled, aching, exposed, large
tits, causing her to squirm violently by the pain and by the choke. Then I
withdraw from her throat, letting my cock head still into her mount. I feel Rose
breathing deeply, the fresh incoming air and the hot outgoing one, cuddle nicely
my whole dick &lt;This is a very pleasant entertainment, and there still are
some more rules to deploy&gt; My right hand release its tit and reaches the whip
handle. Feeling that, Rose starts crying and sobbbing aloud. &lt;Save your
strengths and breath, you have height seconds of air!... seven... six... 5...
4... 3... two... &gt; I synchronize the count down with her last deep
inhalation, then &lt;... one!&gt; and I slip myself all inside her throat. And
my right hand starts whipping her, with the usual slow unmercifully cadence.

I wickedly aim the inner thighs of my poor victim, unable even to scream,
because, beside having filled her asshole and her pussy, I have just invaded her
soft mouth and throat too!

She can't move, she can't scream, she even can't breath, she can't avoid my
rage, she only can squirm violently improving my pleasure, and she can also
suffer, a lot!

I'm in heaven. I'm only able to search and to cruelly strike one new innocent,
defenseless target after another, with my cock buried inside her mouth. Enjoying
her brutal and silent agony, I can only think that... she's mine!

I allow her breathing after about 4, 5 strikes, one strike every few seconds.
She needs to breath, to regain her strength, to be ready for the next series.

After 5 or 6 of such amazing series, I decide it is time to perform the last
delight, then I place again the whip onto her belly, she is my new bench. My
left hand eventually releases her left tit and I move to her raised bare feet.
Also her feet are fine shapely, a true sin that I like heeled legs.

I thread a tiny strap through the ankle chain and I wrap it around the base of
her big toe, securing her foot along the tensed ceiling chain. I repeat the
operation on her next foot, and then they are both at my mercy. I don't know if
Rose has already understood the purpose of that last binding, because she hasn't
even complained, perhaps she's too weak, or perhaps she knows that she has
nothing to do about. She only moans when, from among her full striped spread
legs, I grab anew the whip.

Anyway at the first lash on the plant of her sexy right foot she surely has
cleared the situation. She jolts, trying desperately to withdraw her condemned
foot, but her attempt is twice useless, first because I've bound my slave very
steadily, second because, while she couldn't look toward her feet, Rose doesn't
know that I will strike the other one next! Her disappoint is underlined by her
defeated scream at the feeling of the excruciating pain in that so susceptible
skin. But her admission of my conquest, excites me more, and I incessantly
continue hitting her sensitive foots-plants, at least ten time each, one shot
every minute. She has to carefully taste every bit of suffering that her master
prescribes her! She will pay a lot of attention of her master rights by now.

Then I remember to have something to do also from the other side, and I switch
anew to Rose's awaiting open mouth.

She is still loudly sobbing in high pain. I silently stood in front of Rose's
face, with my head cock inside her mouth, I take pleasure from the vision of
Rose's naked body panting heavily. Whole her body is decorated by many red and
swelled stripes, unequivocal marks of my authority.

As soon as she gets back, Rose's tongue restarts to smooth the arrogant
intruder, in her usual ladylike way, slowly and passionately. The piercings in
her tongue add more stimulation on me, she's great!

By now I'm not in a hurry to whip her anymore, I enjoy her view and her job for
a while, and I also get great satisfaction from mauling and pinching all over
her subjugate perfect body.

I poured other healing oil over her. I feel her firm flesh that slides under my
hungry hands, I reach also her sore thighs, the oil will assuage the sting of
the lashes already receipts, but it will exalt that one of those that still have
to come.

Sprinkling her abdomen, my palms feel a buzz that remember me that the vibrators
are still working inside her belly. Then I rub a finger along one edge of the
crotch strap, close to Rose's pussy, she's wet. After having groped near her
pussy for a little, I taste my finger, it is wet and it is neither oil or sweat!

Now it is a certainty: she loves vibrators!

I restart rubbing my property with the oil, and I can't certainly exempt me from
oiling and squeezing thus alluring big breast, among Rose's howls.  

&lt;Ok slave, we are playing again with your legs, you have to breath deeply...
&gt;

I begin to get tired of that game... no, not really, ... never!

I would amuse like this for hours... is Rose tongue that attires me above all
things. I want it, soon!

&lt;... Yeees&gt; and I thrust myself inside her. I'm more excited now, I decide
to not lash her, I would not control myself. I continue to enjoy kneading whole
her body, chiefly her tits, and also her pussy sides, threading underneath its
protection strap.

I withdraw from her throat. Meanwhile she recovers her breath I brush her body
with my whip, causing her to shiver in anticipation. &lt;I know, I'm a too
concessive master, but however, do not hope to have entirely avoided my whip,
poor Rose&gt;.  My cock head takes again its position, making to be gently
fondled by Rose's tongue, it isn't preventing her to breath, but I start over
lashing her legs, with the usual slow cadence, one strike every 30 seconds, 1
minute. I strike her both inner thighs many times, hitting from right and from
reverse, cruelly. I also embellish more her crotch, all around the protective
strap.

The sensation of her frantic screams around my dick is simply wonderful.

Sometimes, in a jolt of pain by a lash, Rose shakes her head laterally so
violently that she expels my dick, but every time that this occur, by her own,
she seeks me anew, and as she founds me, her tongue knows well how to make
excuse herself. Good slave!

I would like to come inside her throat during the whipping, but I prefer she
senses my orgasm as the most important thing, and also that she learns to
cooperate for it. Then I prefer stopping the leashes until to come.

So, I leave the whip, &lt;Breathe deeply few minutes, my dear slave, I need to
come, and I will do it into the deep of your throat!&gt; ... &lt;Ready? ...&gt;
I begin pumping myself in and out of her, not fast, not slow. Whereas, I'm not
so close to climax as I thought and Rose is about to pass out, I have to
withdraw, allowing her to revive.

I continue pumping myself only into her mouth, while she takes back her breath
massaging her master tool with her tongue.

After few minutes an exceptional thing happens: I'm intent to enjoy her tongue
and to rub my hands all over her body, when Rose taking advantage of the short
slack on her braid restrain, she nods at me, moaning slightly. She is telling me
that she's ready to engulf her owner again!

I remain astonished, &lt;Ok Rose, inhale...&gt; I try to pump kindly, but I also
urge to come, I'm so close. I withdraw almost immediately &lt;Breathe once!&gt;
and I plunge again down, I pump 3, 4 times and I get out &lt;This time I'll
climax, be ready! Breathe last time!&gt; I begin climaxing at my second pump,
and I start thrusting faster, unloading all mine into her throat, while Rose's
tongue is gladly working at the base of my shaft... how to see...: perfect!

I withdraw from her that she has almost fainted,

She trembles and shivers continuously, I think is enough!

&lt;Calm down Rose, if you obey me, I will become oriented to untie you. All
your body carries the marks of your owner. Just softly touching it will remind
you that you are not free anymore, that you belong to me. I'm almost satisfied.
It would be the moment to uncover your pussy and to whip your slits, up to make
you faint many times by the pain. But unfortunately I've promised you to save
your pussy... today&gt; She shakes in fear. I begin massaging and oiling her,
pleasantly and softly, she surely would enjoy it, if only her body wasn't so
aching.

After having removed the stool, by the remote control I raise Rose up, while she
finds herself anew upright, but always a little spread. I allowed her legs to
close to half meter apart, while her hands are far 1.5 meter, lowered at her
ears height. She barely stands  up by the pain on her feet and by that one into
her intimate holes and by the cruel ordeal. &lt;If you are unable to stand up I
can lift more your hands, do you want it?&gt; She answers franticly "Na, na
...haster" shaking her head still restrained backward. &lt;Ok, better like
this!&gt;

I continue to gently massage her until she fades down to tremble. Then I
unbuckle her crotch strap and I remove it from the corset. Rose relief is
immediate, she intensely breaths few times. I can notice many little red spots
all over the crotch skin of my slave, they are souvenirs of the rubber studded
layer of the crotch strap. I've poured some oil on my hand and I start massaging
also her crotch, down to her legs and finally to her feet. (Yes I know... oil
and lubricant are sets in my heart!)

The short rubber cylinder slips out from Rose's pussy almost by itself during
the massage, soon followed by the little egg-vibrator... Rose inside is properly
lubricated! To extract the pearls, I would have to pull them by their string,
that is dangling between Rose's thighs, but I will do it later.

Also the long anal plug remains in its lovely hole. I slowly unthread it till
the bulge at its middle, and I leave it there, for half length still inside her,
still stretching and vibrating her anus, while the remaining half length is
protruding out, bent a little down for its own weight, swinging slowly. She
moans, the vibrator is exactly to her sphincter, &lt;Yyyeeeess, I known that you
like it! But I guess that you will like lesser this!&gt;, and I slap the
protruding thick rubber tail. She grunts in pain, then she groans while the
rubber continues swinging freely from her anus. 

I've loosened Rose's head constrain, but not completely &lt;bow your head in
front of your owner!&gt; She would obey me, of course, but she arrives even not
to stare horizontally, the braid leash, still tied, prevents her head to lower
under a snooty posture. Exactly what I wanted!

&lt;We had become swollen-headed, I see! Ok, would you like at least to kneel
milady?&gt; she obeys, her arms are distending whilst she slowly bents her
knees, then she supports one of them onto the floor, then the next one, always
staring at me, still ignoring if this is only an humiliating joke or if it hides
something worse.

I loosen more the limbs' chains and I adjust a light padding under her white
knees &lt;Please milady, could you kindly widen your knees so that I can access
to my property?&gt; I thread a leather strap around each of her thighs, and I
link them to the floor. I like the idea that even if she wanted to do it, she
would be never able to close her legs!

I lowered her hands to her forehead level, but they are still widened, about 1.5
meters. Her knees are tied almost half meter wide. I kneel behind her
&lt;Remember to not talk without permission, or you will return laid over the
stool... &gt; then I unbuckle her ring-gag and I begin kissing her neck, while
my left hand torments again her condemned tits and while my right one is finally
able to play anew with its preferred crevice. I have good time penetrating Rose
canal, inserting the still vibrating egg up inside her, squeezing so new liquids
from this addicting fruit.

I elicit a Rose's low tone moan at every push that I give to the egg. I amuse to
pull it down a little by the string and then to push it again deep inside her,
to get in contact with the pearls.

I cause more sexy moans, although filled of pain, cause I don't forget to grab
and twist the halfway inserted anal stretcher.

Her hopelessly tits are musical device for my cruel left hand too.

I'm a musician, and my captive's body parts are my instruments! And she sings a
lot, and aloud, and good. I'm surprised that her hot voice isn't even minimally
hoarse... better!

As soon as she gets avail, Rose's mount finds some target on me, to kiss
fervently. It could be my mouth, but also my forehead, or one of my pitiless
hands, my cheek, she also takes in my whole nose, I'm really delighted!

I rise and I move in front of my kneeled princess &lt;Milady, you are so
obstinate on keeping such an arrogant posture that I think that the better way
to make you to understand your real predicament is to order you to give to me a
great, beautiful blowjob&gt;.

By the remote control I lower a chained trapeze to my forehead, I grab it with
one hand to support myself, then I approach my semi erect cock to Rose, that,
without delay, but still not hungrily, she captures.

Since she can't bow her head, she needs to tilt whole her body forward. Hence I
withdraw half pace, meanwhile she follows me, never loosing my tool her arms are
hence thrown backward, more distended. Her hands are lost in defeated abandon.  

Her job is incredible as required. Since I've just had an orgasm, I was sure to
endure for a while, I believed that she would have had troubles, using only her
mouth, to keep me well hard, and to make me to climax again,  but I was wrong.
She's so gentle, so passionate, so subdued, so beautiful that I'm already full
excited in a couple of seconds, as if I hadn't climaxed for a week.

I feel her to suck me hard, to massage me under my head-cock, as she would ask
to my body to give her to feed. And while she receives nothing yet, she's gently
pumping me, from her lips to the back of her mouth, in order to induce my body
to give her the desired gift. She doesn't deep throat me, but for the moment I
don't have desire of it.  

The physical stimulation is great, more improved by her un-willed tongue
piercings, but the sensation of her always ladylike manners is even better, I'm
in heaven. I have put one hand over her head, I don't lead her at all, I simply
follow her head movements, to notify to my pet that she's getting my
approbation, my permission. I'm also groaning loudly in pleasure. If I wouldn't
had the trapeze close to me, I would surely lost my balance many times. However,
even if hanged, I swing a lot, but Rose's mouth never loses my shaft, its
suction is tough and she pursues my crotch like an hungry hunter.

&lt;Milady, in order to humiliate you more, as you deserve, I command you to do
not swallow my juice until I give you my authorization. Take it all into your
mouth, moreover without stopping your job until I tell you, without swallow and,
obviously, without loosing a single drop. When I will be satisfied I will give
you my permission to swallow, next,  eventually when I will be satisfied, I will
give you the permission to stop the blowjob. Clear?&gt; She stares at me while
hot tears fill her eyes, I can see in her eyes the urge to answer me, but she
justly doesn't dare to interrupt her job &lt;Good choice Slave, not to interrupt
a most important job instead of giving me the answer! I will reward you assuming
your cute silence as an  'absolutely yes, Master' answer&gt;.

I really can't say how long this joy has lasted, I think about 15 minutes, but
what I may certainly say, is that I have had another great orgasm, and I have
enjoyed whole of it, feeling my slave sucking my dick, feeling my juice flushing
all around it, both in her unwilling sweet mouth. As usual, I enjoy my slow
softening inside my still sucking slave. I like this sensation, and I can dwell
like this how long I want, she's my slave, she has to do everything I want, for
how long I want... because she's mine!

&lt;Ok milady you can swallow my cum, but only bit by bit, I want that you enjoy
my taste&gt;

She follows submissive my order, despite she really doesn't like eating cum. New
hot tears confirm that.

Even softened, I dwell into her mouth for some time, then, without ordering her
to stop the sucking game, I slowly withdraw.

She follows and she follows me, tensing the straps and the chains, she increases
the suction action pulling me more to her, but no avail, finally she looses me,
and immediately she stares at me scared &lt;You have my permission to stop your
blowjob, milady!&gt;. She breathes relieved. I like teasing her in every way,
she's a creature that inspires wickedness, that needs them.

I move behind Rose, I kneel there, I pass my right hand under her right big tit
and I thread it up, between her boobs. I seize her chin, still compelled well
raised by the braid leash &lt;You don't have lost your stuck-up attitude yet,
milady!&gt; "B... but I can't... Ma" &lt;Oooh shut up! This is not a correct
answer! I'm never be wrong! Slave!&gt; and my left hand gives a harsh pinch on
her sore left pierced areola  "Haaahaaa... Y..eeeees Siiiir, I'm really
haughty... Siiiir" &lt;Better, really better, go ahead! What I have to do to
persuade you to loose such an annoying attitude, milady?&gt; She's all shaking,
she guessed that this cruel game could bring her a lot of more tortures "...
Perhaps ... Sir, ... perhaps... if you do to me something... of really... of
really... humiliating! Yes Sir, something of really humiliating, perhaps I will
finally understand my predicament... Master" &lt;Very good slave! You are very
clever, you avoided to suggest me to hurt you more. Ok, as you prefer! I have
something in mind that I think it will be very humiliating for milady&gt; I
tighten the braid restrain, more firm than before, so that she has rotates back
all her head and she harshly has to stare at the ceiling. Then I take back with
my hands, possessing her body greedily. I insert anew the vibrating egg into her
pussy, I push it up and down inside her love canal, while I softly caress her
innocent tits and I slightly pull her nipples. I kiss her full extended throat,
I gently twist the still stuck rubber invader. By now she emits a single long
moan. I am really pleasant. She has passed a journey of very harsh pain and
nastily internal stimulation, I know that an orgasm it would give her a great
solace, and a relief is the only thing that she needs in this moment. I hence
start stimulating her clit, very softly, seizing it so gently, sliding its hood.
Then I move myself under her, between her wide constricted thighs, and I
continue stimulating her clit with my mouth, very softly, very pleasantly. I
penetrate her, with tongue, or finger, or egg, or with two of them. After few
minutes I feel that she's very close to come. She's moaning in pleasure and
fear, her thighs are shivering almost continuously in anticipation, she's
dripping fully... She's ready to climax.

I continue to lovely rubbing all over her body and chiefly her drip pussy
&lt;Milady do you think that to be brought to an unwilled orgasm could be an
enough humiliating thing?&gt; "Yees ...  yees... Maaasteeeer... Yeeeesss"  She
wants it, she needs it, but...

&lt;Yes, milady, it would be a so humiliating thing, but in the circumstance, I
think that there is something really more humiliating for you: not climaxing at
all!&gt; and I suddenly stand up. I grab the water pipe and I sprinkle her with
cold water. She gasps for whole the time of the sprinkle, and still after, till
she starts weeping.

I quickly remove the egg, the pearls and the dildo from her, but despite the
distress and the pain she doesn't react at all, whereas she's totally abandoned
in an unrestrained aloud weeping. She desperately weeps toward the ceiling, like
a baby missed in the wood.

I know that she's not weeping for the mere orgasm lack, the cause of such a
sudden desperation is much more profound.

I wait few minutes, then I kneel again behind her, in my usual position, and,
like usual, I lean over her right shoulder while my hands aim their usual
targets, but I tease her sensitive parts very gently, paying great attention to
not stimulate her aching clit at all.

&lt;My sweet Rose, I know your trouble. I have brought you to ask me... no
better, not simply to asking it, witch it would mean a sales-talk. I brought you
to really craving to climax by my abusing hands, and even worse, I brought you
to expose it to me, to a stranger, to your raper, such an intimate desire.

In that moment of deep abandon you have exposed your spirit, and with my nasty
reaction I have suddenly put you in comparison with yourself. Is what you have
seen that has humiliated you in such a strong way, completely. Your world is
definitively felled today. Even if I would free you, and be sure that I don't
even think of it, even if I would take you back to your previous home, as a free
woman, you won't be the same person than before anymore, because today, as you
has well achieved, you has really, totally, absolutely, limitlessly invoked to
be... MINE.

Moreover, while you already well know that I won't let you go at least for long
time, you have sorrowful realized that you ARE really, totally, absolutely,
limitlessly ... MINE, and, this, forever!&gt;.

A long sequence of loud blubbers confirm me that I've hit the mark.

I leave her knelt there, alone, with her head still tightly pulled backward, for
an half hour, to calm her down a little.



By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




Rose's cell (05o Chap.)



(M/f, NC, Real., Abduction, Enslav., Tort, Rape, Enema, Modif., Chastity Belt)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



When I come back I release Rose from straps and chains and I undo her head from
the corset as well. I slip her on a red ball-gag, which I buckle behind her
head, and I lead her to the bath, whit her hands are tied to her shoulder blade,
like usual. She hobbles resigned before me, silently tracking the way by
herself. She snuffles often, but she died down weeping.

As usual, I leash her to the computer controlled ceiling chain, then I remove
her the corset.

With her hands still drawn up to her shoulder blades, I settle her onto the
toilet and I tie her ankle cuffs at special eyelets sideways of it &lt;If you
have something to do, do it! Otherwise respite. I will return in a half
hour&gt;.

I return, I flush the toilet and I free her hands and her ankles. &lt;Wipe
yourself and take your position to the centre of the bathroom &gt;

I personally strip her completely... except the gag and, obviously, the collar.

She stays there, staring at me perplexed: why the gag?

&lt;I'm not in the mood to listen to anything, then take the gag!&gt;.

&lt;Release your hairs!&gt;.

While she does it, I fill the tub of warm water, and I pour there an exotic mix
of healing bath-salts.

&lt;Take place into the tub now!&gt;. She obeys, but the stinging effect of the
hot water over her many stripes, compels her to plunge slowly, with many
grimaces and muffled yelps.

I sit on a stool just beside the tub, supporting my forearms over the tub's
edge. &lt;Lift and widen your knees, expose my property slave!&gt; I hand her
two gynaecological squeezable lavages &lt;Use them... now!&gt; She stares at me
ashamed, pleading at me with her wet, defeated, eyes &lt;Do you need a little
help?&gt;. She trembling starts obeying, while hot tears begin to fall over her
half immersed breast. &lt;Slowly and deeply, slave!&gt;.

&lt;Now stand up and carefully wash whole your impudent body! Always slowly&gt;
She doesn't need more injunctions this time, she stands up into the tub and with
soap, shampoo and sponge she complies my order. Useless to describe such a show,
her superb wet body glistens exposed. Each one of her lustful curves is even
more exalted by whip marks following its sinuosity. While she bents to sponge
her legs Her big striped breast hangs and bounces excitingly just few
centimetres in front of my hungry eyes, and when she washes it I discover a new
show &lt;Wash again your tits, better, make them move. Let them flow between
your hands, treat them as merchandise to sell... Even if we both know that they
already belong to someone... Don't you?&gt;. I would liked listen to her answer,
but the ball-gag saves her from this last humiliation. She can only nod at me,
but she softly and excitingly closes her eyes doing it. I'm hard again! I think
I will take her soon another time.

&lt;Ok slave, down! Rinse yourself now, and stand up again!&gt; She ladylike
sits and rise up again. &lt;Support your right foot over the tub edge!&gt;

With a powerful disinfectant I treat her piercings. Meanwhile I give her an
injection, I explain her that is a specific antibiotic that will prevent
undesired infections. Her reaction betrayals a sort of relief mixed with
gratitude and a sensation of comfort...

&lt;Get out from the tub and wait for orders into your spot!&gt; She takes place
to the centre of the bathroom.

&lt;Sprinkle this balsamic oil all over you, then put on sexual lubricant, an I
suggest you to do it very well!&gt; She has a start &lt;Then perfume yourself,
then dry and comb your hairs in a pony tail &gt;.

I already seen Rose massaging herself, but the sight of her that she fingers her
own private holes with lubricant is a different thing. She's preparing her inner
most to be abused, but despite this, she is doing it so simply, like she was
still combing her hairs. The only lack is due to her shivering, still shaking
her by the just endured ordeal. My slave!

Once she finished I reach her from her back. First of all I place her two
wrist-cuffs... she naturally already offered me her wrists for them. Then I wrap
her waist with another leather corset and I begin buckling it. I tighten it
rather taut. It is not the same corset of before, it is a special one, with many
disquieting devices built in and a special strap dangling in front of it. There
is a nozzle installed onto the strap!  Rose begins having difficult breathing.
&lt;Relax Rose, you will surely be keen on this device.&gt;

I wrap the strap around Rose's crotch, sweetly slipping the special nozzle
inside her vaginal canal. One cm at a time, then I buckle it to the rear corset
securing the rubber intruder inside my slave, while Rose gasps more by the fear
than by the modest distress. The nozzle is 18 cm long, soft and pliable. Its
thickness is less than 1.5 cm at the base and it is even slimmer near its head.
But the spherical rubber tip bulges anew to 2 cm of diameter.

The chunky strap leather covers whole Rose's sex, then it becomes a steel wire
over her anus, then it becomes again a thick leather string for the rest of her
ass slit, and finally it widens in a leather triangle up to the rear of the
corset. In truth the steel wire travels from the front to the rear, along Rose's
crotch, but for almost whole the track it is hided into the thick leather. Only
over Rose's anus it reveals its robust presence.

I do her to wear a clean pair of white stockings and heeled shoes with embedded
ankle straps. She gets some amusing difficulties to bend with the nozzle plunged
inside her with moreover her pelvis squeezed by the corset.

Next I order her to wear the harness-bra and to wrap her guilty boobs with the
tit-straps. Finally I buckle her wrist cuffs to short hanging chains from the
rear of the corset. Her hands have now only 5 cm of slack from the upper centre
of her back.

&lt;You are ready my dear. To your cell now, go ahead!&gt;

She walks unsteadily, but not too slowly.

&lt;And now I will explain you the purpose of your new corset. The corset,
together with the crotch strap, is indeed a chastity device, you may freely use
the toilet and you may take a shower with it. With this chastity belt you cannot
rub your pussy against something, but unfortunately this is not a personal
chastity belt, and you would surely be able to slide a finger under it and to
have self-satisfaction... Which is a strongly forbidden thing for you, of
course&gt;

In the meanwhile I'm connecting a long, tiny, flexible but strengthened, tube to
the vaginal nozzle, bolting it to the crotch strap, between her legs. Then I
connect the other end of the tube to a special connection onto the cell wall.

&lt;In order to avoid that you yield in temptation, you need to have your hands
tied. However even this chastity belt has its special advantages. Thanks to its
tube and to these powerful batteries,&gt; I indicate the thick coverage all
around the waist belt &lt;the chastity belt is also a teasing device and a
torture device&gt; She turns pale. I produce a remote control, I push a button
and Rose legs immediately bend, she almost falls: the nozzle buried into her
love canal has started pouring water, not in pressure, but with profusion, she
surely feels her inside swelling a little. Water leaks on the floor along her
thighs and flows away through the floor outlets.

&lt;This functionality of your chastity belt are at my only discretion. Wherever
I am in the world, I'm able to send encoded order to the main computer through a
simple mobile phone. So I'm able to plan any kind of shower, with or without
warning you. You will get what, and when, I'd like that you have to get!&gt;.

I stop the water invasion.

&lt;Move next to the cot now! Turn over.&gt; She moves in front of the cot. I
free her hands and I unbuckle the micro padlocks of the harness-bra &lt;get out
your bra slave!&gt; &lt;Unfortunately this is not a simple test, I must go away
for business this evening. I will return at late night. But don't worry, this
devices is well tested, and before to leave, you have the chance to fulfil your
master one more time&gt;.

She has her breast free now. I take a pair of chain, 30 cm each, I fix one end
of each chain at Rose's front collar ring and the other end to a wrist-cuff. She
can't move her hands away from her neck more than 30 cm, and she's allowed to
widen them for at most 60 cm. &lt;Now kneel wide on the floor, near the edge of
the bed, your back toward the bed border&gt; I draw a little carpet under her
knees. &lt;Lean your back over the edge of the bed&gt; the edge of the mattress
pushes right behind her breast, so her tits are now the most exposed part of her
beautiful body. &lt;Put your hands at the sides of your lustful tits and thrust
them out at the centre of your chest, for the moment there is no need to push
them hard&gt;

The junction line of her big boobs is like a little arse, I need to fuck it, but
before it I've to torment her further.

 &lt;Meanwhile I'm away, you will however feel my dominion over and inside your
body, and also in your spirit, since I can at any moment to tease you like
this&gt; I press one remote control key and the nozzle begins to vibrate inside
Rose pussy. She gasps and moans disappointed, cause she has understood that I
will surely tantalize her defenceless inside in every moment, exciting her
badly, without allowing her to come at all. And it could be for long! 

&lt;Do you want to know how, at any time, I can remember you that you are a
slave that have only to suffer?&gt; she widens her eyes and she gasps in terror
&lt;like this!&gt; and I cruelly press another key. She jolts violently, she
leaves the assigned position and she throws erect, then she bends, following her
hands that have already aimed her pelvis. Her "Haaarrrgg" under the gag is
great! &lt;Then you need some help to resist?&gt;, and I manage to fasten her in
the requested position, strapping her calves to the floor and then tying her
rear collar ring to the mattress. &lt;We attempt again to see what happens to a
slave that gets a little electric discharge in her most hided inside&gt; She
frantically begs me through the gag, leaning desperately out her hands toward me
at the maximum chains allowance, she wriggles in anticipation. I linger many
seconds enjoying her desperation, then I press the same key again. She can't
lift this time, she can't crouch herself in protection, she may only scream and
squirm, hopelessly.

Once she gets anew able to understand me &lt;This was only the middle intensity,
I could be worst&gt;, she throws anew toward me scared &lt;but not for now, and
not even for this first days. Surely I will jolt you many times with the minimum
intensity or little higher. Only if I'm really inspired I will use again the
middle intensity like you just tasted. For example if I'm out with somebody and
I have a really boring fuck or otherwise a very great fuck, then I would enjoy
the thought that you, far from me, are jumping in pain by my hand&gt;. She
cutely has assumed anew the right hands position: squeezing together her sublime
chubby tits. &lt;The kind of jolt that instead you will surely, and copiously
receive, will be like this&gt; the minimum intensity causes Rose to gasp and
jolt. She still launches a disappointed yelp, but immediately after that she
calms down. She has not even let go her tits, only a sharp jerk.

&lt;Sometimes I will surely send you also this kind of shock, just a little
worse&gt; this time she lets go her boobs and her throat emits a rather long
howl, before breathing heavy for few seconds, but she agrees that it is nothing
compared with the middle intensity. I would like to know her reaction at the
intermediate setting between the just savoured and the terrible middle position,
but I will do her a surprise!

&lt;You are like a bad dog with a training collar! My pet&gt;

She has gathered again her striped and still sore tits.

&lt;Everything will be recorded and catalogued, I can't receive your images or
sounds outward the castle, for security reason, but I will enjoy each single
torment of your at my homecoming&gt;.   

Then I lean over her, I reach and I unbuckle her gag, I even increase the slack
of her neck from the mattress, she's easily able to raise her head. &lt;Be
silent, now I want to take a great tit-fucking with you. Release your tits&gt; I
lube their internal surfaces &lt;Ok, collect them again!&gt; she obeys
&lt;Squeeze them more, or, if you prefer, I could tie them with a strap&gt;
"Noh, please Master, I'll do it properly... Aaaaaahh". Yes, she is pushing
rather hard her large tits one against the other when I straddle her and I
insert my shaft in that lustful hot new slit. Fabulous, is so soft, so hot. I
slide freely, buried in such a precious fold. I slide gleefully, feeling the
pressure of her compressed breast, that, among lashes, piercings, pinches and
squeezes and eventually this compression, it has to give her a not easily
bearable pain... very good!

While I run between Rose's aching tits, I use the remote control to I start and
stop the vibrator concealed into the chastity belt plug, inside her love canal.
She moans at every vibration period, by now I know for sure that she likes it.
Hence I have good time by giving her this delight and by denying it to her.. By
her moans I see her great disappoint. I also switch the vibrator intensity, but
for the time being I use only the lowest 2 and 3 positions (there are 6 of them,
it is really powerful!).

&lt; I know, I know, you would prefer leaving it on, and at higher intensity,
but unfortunately I love frustrating you. But perhaps you can take some comfort
from a lavage!&gt; and I start the water to flow deep inside her. She gasps and
moans aloud, yes she takes a great discomfort, which it means a great enjoyment
for her torturer.

I leave the water flowing. &lt;Slave, I can't allow to wasted my seed, no matter
if it happens over such a beautiful breast, you have to save it, ok?&gt; "Y...es
Master" &lt;Yes Master what?&gt;

"...I will collect it... Master... advi... Please Master, let me know when you
are close to come. ... Master?" &lt;Well! Yes my slave, I will do it, and in
order to reward you for your conscientiousness, I immediately set the
electricity intensity to the lowest level&gt; and I wickedly shock her delicate
internal. She jolts violently and she inhales deeply "Oh ooho ohoo oh" &lt;The
water propagates the electric shock all over inside you, whole your precious
cavity becomes in touch with it, and this is the effect. I guess that so far,
you don't even certainly know if you like it or if you suffer it. Anyway, you
will surely have more of them&gt; She inhales deeply in expectation, staring at
my finger over the remote, I press and she panics, but I've pressed the vibrator
start, the third intensity. When she realizes it, she exhales slowly, moaning
pleasantly. I allow her to enjoy this moment, then I shock her anew. She spins
her head side to side on the mattress, growling downcast, if I would continue
I'm sure she would start to purr, but I've finished my time. I stop the water,
then the vibrator. She raises her head from the mattress and she stares at me
puzzled &lt;I'm about to come my slave, what do you have in mind to do, in order
to avoid to waste my seed?&gt; she opens her mouth &lt;Good, it is the third
load today. At this rate I'm sure that my cum will start liking you!&gt; Hot
tears come down from her surrender eyes, but she doesn't dare to close her
mouth. I start the water and the vibrator and meanwhile she moans grateful, I
grab her hairs, I give a last electric shock to her inner pelvis, causing Rose
to jolt, then I move forward and I make her to conclude my exciting ride. I
climax as soon as she takes me into her comfortable mouth. She hardly has the
time to start sucking my spurts. I've got another great orgasm, Rose arouses me
like nobody before.

I'm in heaven, I simply stay still, while she finishes draining my chlorophyll
from my stem. When I return over the earth I notice that Rose is still sucking
an massaging me with all my juice still into her mouth, and she's still silently
weeping, she really doesn't like the men's juice. Good, but I want that she
doesn't get used to it too soon! &lt;Swallow it, bit by bit!&gt; She does it,
and she continues to entertain my softened dick &lt;Listen to me Rose, to keep
my seed in mouth is not a permanent rule, it is not like the always valid rule
to swallow it or to suck me until orders, it is only a momentary order. Swallow
immediately my seed if I haven't explicitly ordered you to keep it in mouth&gt;
I clearly notice a slight shining of relief in her eyes. She doesn't understand
that this way I will make endure her discomfort much longer!

I take a bowl and I place it under Rose, and I wait that it is full of the water
still coming out from her inner washing. Then I take it and I untie her neck
from the mattress &lt;Swallow Rose, I want that you taste yourself&gt; She
unwillingly obey, coughing a little and weeping silently. &lt;take the last sip
into your mouth&gt;. I free her legs from the floor and I kiss her, deeply,
tasting her own taste from her mouth, drinking from her. My left hand grabs one
tit while the other one seizes her red pony tail, forcing her head in the
desired position. She abandons herself to me, falling anew back on the cot,
allowing me to pinch her body more easily, never interrupting to kiss back her
cruel Master, without even try to close her knees. &lt;I want you Rose, all of
you, your body, your mind, your soul, your desires, your joy, your dreams. I
will torture you until I've drained every drop of hope from you, and more, and
more, I will bring you to think only to your owner.&gt;  While her upper lip and
tongue continue kissing me, her lower lip falls open with a "Ohh hoohh oohh
noooh" : touching wails of fear and desperation. Then she immediately takes back
kissing her Master with full strength.

I stop the water but not the vibrator. I disconnect the pipe from her chastity
belt and from the wall.

&lt;I have to go now, I will return tomorrow... I hope. I leave some bowls with
straw over this little table, you will be hungry!&gt; The table is a shelf that
protrudes from the wall.

&lt;With this chastity belt you can use the toilet, for solids and liquids
wastes.&gt; Is a steel toilet, it protruding from the wall too &lt;the toilet is
auto-washing, you can activate a water squirt toward your inners, by pressing
this button with your foot&gt;.

&lt;When I return I will bring you to the bathroom to wash you properly&gt;

&lt;Encased into the wall, behind a blinded glass, over the little table, there
is also a computer screen. Everything here is slave-proof. If I have orders for
you, I will send them to the main computer, and you will read them there...
Useless to warn you to obey promptly.

 &lt;Don't be sad, I will make you to feel that I think of you by your chastity
belt&gt; I produce a cellar phone and I press a key, after few seconds Rose is
jolting &lt;I will call you very often, the battery-belt assures high autonomy
to the nozzle!&gt;.

&lt;Stand up now!&gt;

I release her hands, only to make her to wear anew the harness-bra, then I retie
them to the rear of the corset. &lt;You have the aroma of your Master on your
breast, you can well smell it in my absence&gt; I kiss her again. &lt;Kneel
properly now, you have to greet your Master that leaves!&gt;

She lowly kneels in front of me, wide, tilted forward but facing up, staring at
me humiliated and subdued.

Satisfied I leave the dungeon and after having bathed myself, I leave the
castle.

In my car I decide to stop Rose's vibrator, she has to know that her only source
of pleasure, has just left the castle.

Unfortunately my business are more binding that I presumed. I return home only
once at day and sometime even once every two days. Every time I return home, I
immediately go in the dungeon, where Rose waits for me with fear, obviously, but
day by day with more and more trepidation.

Fear, because she knows that the first thing I do is to enter into the cell, to
roughly lay her down onto the cot, and lay over her. I roughly squeeze her
trapped breast, I bite her nipples, I pull them, painfully, I pinch her thighs
without mercy among her desperate wails and screams. But I'm in a hurry, I would
like it, but I can't have her properly, I have to go, then I have to quickly
punish her! After having made her to scream for few minutes I lay supine on the
cot.

At this point Rose knows that her daily physical torment is already ended. Now
she has quickly to slides down to my crotch and to give me a quick blowjob. I'm
in anger for such a unpleasant hurry, but I've big troubles in my business, and
I've no choice.

After having climaxed into Rose's hot mouth I always release her hands and I
leave her alone into the cell to clean it some, while I prepare the changes:
food and drink for the cell, clean stockings and shoes for Rose and a complete
dress for me in the bathroom. Then I tie again her arms and I drag her in the
bathroom, I leash her, I free her hands and I slide out her the chastity belt.
While she has a quick bath in the tub, I get a shower, in the same bathroom. I
look at her in the tub that she lingers a little in the care of her pussy, but
she knows that if I only suspect something she would have many troubles: if I
can't come properly, she has not to come at all!

She brings the chastity belt into the tub with her, she has to wash and
disinfect it, she will have to wear it again, when dried.

She heals her piercings and she oils her body. Meanwhile I shave myself, she
dries and combs her hair. Then she lubricates her sex and, every time weeping in
shame and frustration, she wears the other chastity belt, identical to the first
one, but dried and with batteries fully recharged. She also has to put the wet
chastity belt in the drier and to plug the battery charger. She wears the
harness-bra then she waits for me standing in her spot, while I dress myself to
go out again.

When I'm ready I tie her wrist behind her corset and I bring Rose anew into her
cell.

All is ready, I can leave.

While I'm away I never forget to call her... or better, to transmit commands to
her chastity belt. I tease her, I start and stop the vibrator at any time, day
and night. I jolt her with electric discharges to the vaginal plug very often.
Sometimes, only when I really desire her, I shock her up to the middle
intensity, but usually I alternate the two first intensities or the third al
least.

But, after every series of electric jolts, I leave turned on the vibrator, at
the third or fourth level, for at least 15 minutes ...  ...  ... To comfort
her... I will go crazy for this slave!

The routine is each day the same, except that sometimes Rose bewails for the
ache in her shoulders, so that I tie her wrist to the front of her collar for
the following 24 hours.

But day by day, at the moment of my departure, Rose's expression becomes more
and more sad.

Along two weeks with such a runaway rhythm, I've noticed that she's becoming
more perturbed at my departure than at my arrival.

And at the 15^* day something is really changed. I found Rose... astonished in
her cell. I don't know why she's so astonished, perhaps she realized that she
was waiting for me. Instead of screaming she moans aloud during my pinches over
her thighs and when I grip her tits.

But she begs me... "Master... Master Pleeeasee Master, ... Pleeeease ..."
nothing more, no requests, nothing... I like it! I'm excited and I push her head
to my cock. She gives me the same rapid blowjob, but this time, when finished, I
have to tell her two times that she could terminate, because she was continuing
sucking me.

Then in the bathroom, instead of moving to her spot, she moves toward me and she
commences helping me to dress, very carefully, to avoid to spot me of body oil.
Then, while she adjusts my necktie knot, with delicate movements of her slender
fingers, the same plead "Pleeease Masteeer... Pleeease,  .... Pleeeease
Maaaasteer ...." Oh... I'm in heaven, I like it, I feel her mine!

The sexual deny, the rude treatment, the inner teasing, the blinded loneliness,
have took a great effect! She begs her Master, simply! It is all she needs: me,
my attention!

&lt;Fuck! Undress me! But you will have to severely pay for having interfered
with my business!&gt; &lt;First of all, strip your chastity belt!&gt; I haven't
locked it yet.

She hasn't even acknowledged my menace, she slips the corset and the strap, she
grabs a towel and she quickly wipes the body oil from her, then she starts
undressing me, flitting around me, not in hurry, but willingly. I'm delighted
from the dull rustle of the ceiling chain which she carefully strives to avoid
hitting me. She slips me one cape and she composes it finely over a stool or to
the clothes-stand.

As soon I'm naked, without a word, she moves to the sink and she oils anew
herself, then she walks to her spot, to the centre of the bathroom, she breaths
shortly, with open mouth, and she shivers in place.

Her head is not bowed, she stares almost forward, but in this moment her
sensations have to be very confused. Her glance is disoriented, and her short
gasping makes her to sway ahead and backward. Waves of her confusion are running
along the collar chain toward the ceiling.

I'm amazed for such a behave... she's perfect. I run in the dungeon, and I
return with some straps. I face her staring her puzzled eyes, incredibly white
and incredibly green. It seem that she's about to speak, but she only continues
staring at me, silently, shivering, panting.

I know, of course, in thus muddled state, only an order can give her some
comfort.

&lt;Spin!&gt; I connect her wrist cuffs together and I wrap a strap around her
forearms. I tight it, strictly, I bring her elbows to touch, but she stays still
silent, she only alternates gasps and attempts of deep breaths.

I release her leash from the ceiling chain &lt;Go to the dungeon, you will find
my whip in the centre of the floor. Take it with your teeth and bring it in the
bedroom... you will have a long day my dear briber&gt; only for a second her
eyes betray a doubt, the doubt that perhaps she just made a great mistake, but
immediately next she runs toward the dungeon.

Her free butt swings over her stockinged and heeled slender legs, me... I
certainly have not been wrong deciding to remain home.

I wait for Rose in my perfect bedroom, I'm naked in front of the bed, staring
the door. I have prepared a little tool assortment over the mattress, hided with
a towel, in the case I would need them. In a corner a wet sponge is ready. She
arrives, she comes to me and she kneels in front of me obeying of a my sign,
staring at me, biting the nasty whip. I wait. I stay there. I gaze at my slave,
my perfect slave at my feet. I stay still... almost. I'm so glad of Rose, of
that situation, of a slave that begs her Master to be his, that my cock raises,
in front of her face, it becomes full erect. She escapes a hint of smile, then
her expression becomes a question: she have to take it?

I extend my right hand, and Rose turns her head to support softly the whip
handle in my palm. I smugly grip it, then I nod, and Rose begins kissing gently
my cock head, slowly she takes it, bit by bit. She licks it, she sucks it, she
soaks it. Her head tilts and twirls on me. Rose's whole body is dancing with the
cadence ... She's deliberately pampering her Master's sex, uncontrolled.

&lt;Wow, slave! Be warned now, I won't accept anything less than this anymore...
Ok, enough, now you have to pay your impudence of before, stand up! Over the
bed, to the centre, face down!&gt; I tie her ankles, widened, at two straps
coming from the mattress lateral edges, then I begin lifting Rose's wrist away
from her waist. She yelps, then she screams, then she tries to follow her
wrists, rising her arse from the mattress, but I continue pulling them away, at
first, upward, then toward the headboard. Rose screams become more intense,
she's of course persuaded that I decided to dislocate her shoulder and she
continues lifting her butt and diving her face onto the mattress until,
satisfied, I connect her wrists to a chain coming from the headboard. She has to
stay like this now, so exposed, to me. Her neck and right cheek are firmly
pushed onto the mattress, her legs are half bend and widened, and very tensed in
the effort to lift her butt, her arms are almost vertical.

I rub her for a while, I massage her oiled butt, I pinch all over it, I tease
her ringed clit, and chiefly I probe and explore both her too exposed holes. She
moans under my hands, low, low tone, pleased... how to resist?

But eventually I withdraw and I start heatedly whipping her arse.

Moans yielded to screams now. She begs, but I continue incessant, I hit also her
stockinged legs, I endure 2 or 3 minutes lashing her without any pause,
continuatively. Then I drop the whip and I jump to her arse, I point my tool to
her pussy entrance, and while Rose is still screaming, I enter into her, but not
more than 3 cm and I stop there. Rose suddenly ceases screaming and after few
astonishment seconds of "Maaaasteeeer pleeeease Maaaasteeer .... Pleeeeeease
pleeeeease" I move: &lt;Oh no Rose! You are still in punishment, don't you
remember?&gt; and I wickedly withdraw from her pussy only to point at her
asshole. I firmly begin to thrust me in, while Rose falls in totally confusion
"Ohh oh oooh oooh". I plunge into her tight hole. I'm wrapped, wrapped of Rose.
And I begin pumping, avoiding to thrust toward her G spot at all. Rose's
discomfort increases, and her confused wails become rhythmic yelp, then a
constant howl of pain and frustration. &lt;Dear slave, as you can see, I can get
all gratifications I desire from you, without, for this reason, allowing you to
reach any fulfilment. You are mine, entirely, you dig up pain if I decide to put
you in pain and only if I decide it. Likewise you may have joy only if I like
allowing you having it. I truly hope to be as soon as possible able to induce
you in orgasm against your own will too, cause you don't belong no longer to
yourself, and this right is only mine!

For the moment I'm already surely able to deny you any kind of enjoyment as long
I like, no bribery, no agreement, NOTHING TO DO. Only your master can decide it,
and worst, I can also tease you more deeply&gt; I slide my right hand all around
her waist, below her, and I gentle massage her clit hood, causing Rose to
immediately start moaning aloud in pleasure. &lt;Don't delude yourself in vain,
your Master hasn't given you the permission to come yet!&gt; and I yank her
inner labia by one piercing ring. Rose shout is utmost, then she sobs out loud,
defeated, she even seems ignoring the pain from my thrusts into her ass.

I leave her just a moment, from below the towel I take two long slim elastic
twines. I tie each Rose's labial pussy piercing ring to one nipple piercing,
tensing it only a little, they are not really hurting, then I re-enter Rose ass
and I restart thrusting. She's not extremely happy of the elastic twines, but
shortly she will really hate them.

In order to own more my subdued victim, I use her tit's external sides like
handles to force my thrust. I pull them and in the same time I twist them, she
can't ignore me no more now, she's loudly imploring me to stop. &lt;Oh no slave,
you have to take it, for as long as I'll like, and moreover you will take also
this&gt; with two fingers I entwine the elastic cord, looping them around my
fingers, pulling her labias and her nipples rather hard. She responds screaming
aloud, franticly, hopelessly, and in the middle of this melody... I climax into
Rose.

I come inside my hot slave's ass. I come while she screams by the pain and while
she weeps for the frustration of the denial of any sexual appeasement. While
she's so badly tied that she even cannot writhe by the pain that I'm so
delightedly inflicting her. Tortured in the body and in the spirit, defeated,
humiliated, she's feeling that she's mine! And I come greatly inside my totally
surrendered slave.

I like this power over her suffering, but I'd love reaching a likewise power
over her pleasure too, then I pick up again the whip and I rub it on her back
"Nhooo, no moooore Maaaaster pleeeease. Master no more strikes, please have
mercy of mheeeee, Maaasteeer". Savouring her anguish I hit her back only 3 or 4
time, then I hit her wide spread calves and sole's feet. Rose's uselessly
attempts to struggle improve more this game, that I continue onto her tender
thighs for about 10 lashes, then, after her screams have become frantic, I stop,
I leash her collar to the headboard and I release her wrists from the chain. As
soon as she's allowed to lower her arms to her back, her body drops exhaust onto
the mattress while my poor Rose breaths heavily for the relieve. I free also her
ankles from the bed, merely for a moment, in which I spin Rose supine and I tie
anew her ankles to the same widening straps.

Feeling herself anew spread and exposed even more than before, Rose starts
begging me "Noooo Master Pleeeease, I will never do it again Master Please
Masteeer..." I leave her to beg, while I thread two straps around her knees to
keep them well widened. Her sweet pussy is gaping defencelessly. I don't drew
them to touch the mattress, I like to feel her knees swaying, but open, well
open, totally exposed, ready for my wicked whims.

"I swear Master, I will never dare again Maaaseter pleeeease, forgiiiive meee
Masteeer... I was feeling so lonely, Masteeer".

I sponge my cock, then I kneel among her spread thighs, I seize her harness-bra
just between her tits and I lift her chest from the mattress, to me, she yelps.
I pinch the elastic twines still tensed between her nipples and pussy lips, I
pull them 30, 40 cm, enjoying her grimaces and her howls. After a minute of pain
I release them from that point, making them to lash her belly and enjoying her
following yelps. She's my guitar, I'm a composer!

After played an excellent song for several minutes, I shift almost behind her,
to her right side, a perfect teasing posting. With my left hand I grab her head
by her red hairs and I face her to me. With my left elbow and forearm I'm
holding her chest. My other hand slides to her helpless pussy, and I immediately
begin affirming my rights there, not roughly, but firmly. &lt;Rose, Rose, if I
would really thought that your behaviour was inappropriate...&gt; while I'm
talking I gently seize the clit ring and I softly budge it in and out, and since
that almost elliptic piercing ring captures the Rose's clit inner continuation,
I am masturbating the body of her clitoris, under its protection, inside Rose.
I'm slightly pulling and I pushing it, rhythmically, constantly &lt;... I'd
never brought you in my bed, now you would be in the dungeon, chained to a
torture device, and the pain that you has just got here would be a smile in
comparison. And I would entertain you there at least 6, 8 hours&gt;. She stares
a me attentively and puzzled, but sometimes, a pant, or a short belly
contraption, betrays that the piercing game is really interesting for her body.
With a glance between her thighs I have the confirmation of my expectation, in
fact Rose's clit is so engorged that is lifting the woman hood like a little
tent, and its head is spurting out from its centre. With a finger I track its
shape. It's so excited, that whole its shape is swelled and stiffened, a real
delight. &lt;You are in my bed because I like your attitude, you are so good
Rose, believe me when I tell you that today you earned many rewards for your
next future&gt;. She starts having some abandonment moments, she closes her
green eyes and she sighs, then she forces herself to regain the right attention
to my words, but her excitement is increasing and increasing out of her control
capability. &lt;The whip is by now integral... &gt; She have lost too much
attention toward her Master, I release her clit ring and I grab the whip, I
stood up upright onto the mattress, Rose fells on it and I stamp on her hair
with my foot, nailing her head down. And I begin lashing her lustful body all
over, frenetically, strongly, swiftly. I lash her breast, her thighs, her feet,
while Rose screams are filling the room. As suddenly as it begun, the abrupt
punishment stops, and the owner takes back the exact position as before and he
takes back doings as before. &lt;You have to pay great attention when I talk to
you Rose, your life depends on my words, never forget it slave!&gt; "M...  F... 
... Forgive me Master, forgive mee" &lt;As I was just saying, the whip is, by
now, integral part of your life, I will whip you anyway, cause I like it&gt;. My
deep clit massage has already restarted to bear fruits, Rose expression is again
pleased and scared at the same time, she sighs, and she is goggling, she forces
to stay focused on her master, but it is hard and hard thing. &lt;The question
is how and how much you will be whipped, think of above!&gt;.

With my never stop invading little finger, I constantly check her raising
wetness. She is really excited, but this game is very interesting for me too, I
talk to Rose only to tease her, to have an excuse to interrupt her pleasure by
making her responsible of it &lt;As your owner I have the duty and the pleasure
to punish every your misbehaves, that will add tortures to the tortures that I
will inflict to you only for my pleasure, obviously, the punishments have to be
worst than the amusements...&gt; she blinks her eyes, she is dripping
plentifully, she is about to loose again her control, and she does, she closes
her eyes and she starts moaning uncontrollably, she have almost exceed the
orgasm edge. It is anew time to bring back her. I stand up and I whip her
vigorously her hips, thighs and breasts. She abruptly returns on the ground, on
my mattress, restrained and exposed, under my total control. Without a word I
take over again the same wicked tantalizing activity. I talk her and she doesn't
dare to interrupt me with pleads, but soon she falls anew onver the edge, and
anew I enjoy bringing her down to the utterly reality.

She weeps now, she has understood, and she's so far sure that I will never allow
her that climax that she's craving so desperately. It is a thought that arouses
me a lot, to bring her back into her cell right now, incredibly excited, with
her sex blinded under the wicked chastity belt for another week or even more...

But she's Rose, she's especial, her disillusioned, humiliated, desperate weeping
touches me, and excides me as well... I like her, I like when she suffers, I
like when she enjoys.

I bring anew Rose on the edge, and when she starts wailing in expectation of the
umpteenth waking up, I stop the massage and I bring her head closer to my face.
Then another bit closer. Staring at her, silently, slowly approaching her lips.

Her beautiful visage suddenly turns lightened in hope and she forces more her
head toward me, parting and portending her warm lips. Feeling that I'm allowing
her lips to, slowly but, constantly approaching to mines, she tenderly closes
her eyelids, as she wanted savouring this moment. I restart massaging her clit
by the piercing, eliciting her a true squeal, that eventually drowns into my
mouth. I continue stimulating her, while she expresses me her gratitude with the
only unrestrained part of her body. She's kissing me as she wanted to enter into
my mouth, she's receiving my tongue like the best gift that she has ever seen.
She caresses it so softly that I would never suspected it possible. She kisses
me as she loved me, lost. She's rubing her torso and tits, toward me, offering
them to me. I wriggle out from her mouth &lt;Rose if you continue offering me
your tits like this, I will be obliged to painfully abuse them!&gt; No way! I'm
speaking, but her mouth continues kissing and licking my face, my eyes, my chin,
and again she takes my whole nose in... Instead, at the sound of my menace she
manages to rub her breast with more vigour against me, moaning, whining... then
her voice becomes more low tone, I hold her more firmly, toward me, and I
increase the stimulation strength and speed on her about bursting clit, and,
with a loud howl in my mouth... she comes. She has got rhythmic contractions
that are almost bending her, I've to maintain her head up, she's dripping
plentifully, and she's howling waving.

She's in heaven, with her personal devil to her flank.

Her eyes are closed,  she climaxes and she climaxes, caught into a never ending
orgasm, she's lost, nothing exists, except her body, her joy and the source of
that joy: her Master.

I continue stimulating her, keeping her in that ecstasy as long as possible. And
she endures! I think that she passed from one orgasm to the next, anyway the
result is that she is coming for minutes, incessantly, she drenched the sheet
under her sex, she lost any grip with the reality, she only shakes in pleasure
trapped between my arm and my chest, and I've to toil in order to keep her
there...

&lt;Enough!&gt;

I sharply hit her clit hood with my middle finger, like a boy with a marble. She
responds with a strident yelp, and she lands, but she never stops kissing and
rubbing her master, howling by the sharp pain in her indecently turgid clit.

Kissing her, I lay her down &lt;I'm hungry slave&gt; and I move between her
spread legs. Her broaden clit is awaiting for its owner to feed it properly.

I love that little chained mound. With the trapping ring, it is totally at my
disposal, and with such a past orgasm is now so swelled, so reddened, so exposed
and, chiefly, so, so, so sensitive! I suck it, I tease it, I pull, I taste it.
I'm just a little rough, but it is quite enough to trill Rose directly in her
brain centre. Rose's torso wriggles a lot, remembering me that her swinging tits
are awaiting my attentions too. In a normal situation she'd surely have begged
me to stop, but she understood her rule, and she wisely do not dare it. She
shakes and tosses about, even violently, moaning and hauling, but saying
nothing. Meanwhile, I continue penetrating both her holes with one hand while my
next one is hunting her breast. The sensation of Rose's large and trapped tit
into my hand exalts the taste of her grown and trapped clit in my mouth. I want
her, but I linger another minute with that clit, because Rose is climaxing
again, and I like feeling her contraptions with my lips, while I'm unkindly
biting her guilty sex.

After she finished, without letting go her holes, I climb to her mouth, where
Rose was already waiting for me "Oooohhh Maaaaasteeeer mmmmm..." and she
restarts kissing me all over she's able to reach into my face and neck.

I slip my hand from her sex and I seize both the elastic cords still ready for
proper uses. With them I stretch her pussy lips, then, while she's hungrily
kissing my neck, I commence increasing the tension. She howls in fear, then she
whines in pain, but I don't stop increasing the tension. Then I lift my chest to
better enjoy her agony. I'm supported only on my knees and one of my hands, that
is pushing onto the mattress besides Rose's shoulder.

But now, another incredible thing arrives from my slave. One of those things
that distinguishing Rose from the other slaves. She forces on her thighs,
pulling at the spreader ankle straps, so hard to succeed on lifting her torso
under mine, following me aloft, then she grips her teeth on the same spot of my
neck that she was kissing before I lifted up. Then, slowly she lowers herself
anew on the mattress, dragging me down with her. Arrived both onto the mattress,
she begins to suck and to licks and massage the baited spot of my neck, fully
engaged... I'm very pleased. I'm so astonished that I've released the tension on
the pussy piercing, and Rose interrupts one instant her agreeable job only to
tell me "Pull it now, if you like Master, as hard as you want, till to tear them
out, but pleeeease, don't move you away from me again, Master... Stay with
meeee, Masteeer!".

...!

No words can describe my emotions. I'm a king! My slave dares to overcome and to
scratch her master because she wants him. Regardless of what a kind of
punishment she is risking.

I only feel that I have to have her... now.

Obeying my slave, I enter into her pussy without lifting my chest from her, I
thrust myself inside her greedily, wanting her, desiring her... having her.

&lt;So, Rose...

... Be mine now!

... Slave!

... My slave!

... Be mine as you loved me!

... Be mine like no one had never dared to belong to someone!

... Be mine Rose, and I assure you that you will be punished for that!

... Don't worry about it!

... You will pay it hard, I swear!

... You will expiate such a awful blame,

... along whole your life!&gt;

 "Ooohh ooohhh ooohhh ooohhhhh no, nhhnn nhhn nhhnnn MMhhMMM... oooohh
YYYYEEEEEES, yyyeeeeeeesss, I'm yoours Master... I belong to yoouuu, like no
one, I'm yooouuurs, my owner... my Sir... my Master... TAAAKE MEEEE...
pleeeeaseee"

She climaxes again, deeply, screaming, shaking, abandoned, subdued, .... MINE.

Enjoying her wails, her words, her orgasm, her violent pelvis contraptions, her
helplessness, feeling her body totally exposed, quivering for the past pain and
for the present pleasure, cuddling my whole face and neck in the amiably
attentions of her mouth, I'm almost to come my way.

But I miss something, and I slide one hand to her tied spread thigh, and I pinch
it, cruelly, eliciting a loud Rose's scream, muffled from my dominant mouth. And
satisfied, I climax my way, pinching her, hard, for long. I feel my body that
attempts to spurt more, despite having ended its escorts... and I fall. I fall
over Rose's body, over her trapped and soft breast, exhaust, glad, satisfied,
conqueror... winner.

I know that I'm badly hurting her tied tits with my chest weight, and I enjoy
it, while Rose, although tensed by the pain, she's still kissing my ear and
cheek, incessantly.

I benefit from this pleasingly sweet respite for more than half hour, then it is
time to get up.

I drag Rose in the bathroom and, as usual, after having leashed her to the
computer-controlled chain, I unlock all her restrains, except (the irremovable
collar and) the elastic twins that are still connecting her pussy lips with her
nipples &lt;Prepare you for a long evening and night as toy for your owner. I
suggest you to deeply wash and lubricate yourself as well, and get perfumed, and
to depilate yours legs and armpits, and to do every possible thing to be the
most entertaining possible. It is too late for my business today, I have to stay
at home, hence it has to worth it at least. I have to do many excuse's phone
calls, I will return in few hours. If you need to untie the elastic twines you
may do it, but you have to connect them again when I come back&gt; I approach
her and I pull her nose ring to me, and facing her: &lt;Remember Rose you are
always under my control, also if I'm far from you... Never, never dare to
stimulate yourself without my permission. Today I've already been very
magnanimous with you, you climaxed enough, I would not easily forgive you!&gt;.
I spin to exit and, walking, I give her one last instruction &lt;Wear the clean
stockings, the cuffed shoes, wrists-cuffs and the harness-bra... besides the
elastics twines, clearly&gt;.

When I return to the bath, more than three hour and half later, She's waiting
for me, standing in the centre. Beautiful like ever. With her body proud and her
head bowed, perfect!

I hand her a cup of soup &lt;You can eat if you are hungry, then brush again
your teeth&gt;.

After she done it, I connect her wrists behind her, drawn well up, to her
shoulder blades &lt;What I'm about to do it is not a punishment, I have to
exploit these few hours, cause from tomorrow morning I have to deal again to my
business. Yes, the cell awaits you at least for the next 10 days, like the just
passed two weeks&gt; a halo of sadness descends over her eyes &lt;Therefore this
evening has to be full... I'm putting you in such a distressing predicaments
that I even don't know if you will be able to sleep&gt; her sadness becomes
instantly pure fear.

I un-link her collar from the ceiling chain &lt;You have to be prepared, run to
the dungeon and lay over the gynaecologic chair, put your legs into the stirrups
and wait for me there&gt;.

She started weeping and she is about to beg me, but a single nod discourages her
to attempt anything. Weeping she obeys. I follow her, enjoying the view of her
naked and striped butt, swinging defencelessly, whereas her hands are compelled
up behind her back, while she sexily walks through the hallows and the dungeon,
then going up to the dreadful woman's chair. With some difficulties she sits
over it and, trembling, she lays over her bound forearm, then, one by one, she
slowly lifts both her white stockinged legs, placing them into the strong eager
stirrups.

I travel a couple of time around the chair, enjoying the view of my slave,
scared and spread, trembling subdued to her unavoidable fate. I'm casually
caressing her body, causing her to shiver often, then I pause beside her and I
wrap a restraint around her belly. I tight it rather good. She's breathing
heavily. Then I slide to her neck, and I link her collar to the bench. I kiss my
captive, which, trembling, she endeavours to respond with me, but the
contractions of her scared weep are preventing her lips from doing it well.

I move to her trembling legs and I tie them at their ankles, knees and thighs.
Rose's reaction is so interesting. Having her legs eventually tied down gives
her an evident relief: no more doubt now, she will take whatever her Master has
in store for her, without any sort of resistance! Deeply scared by the totally
exposure to her torturer, she only may sincerely pleading at him.

I enjoy her pleads for long, enticing my slave by showing hesitant hints of
interest, then &lt;Unfortunately I'm tired, I desire laying down. We will taste
the possibilities of this beautiful chair another time, for this evening I will
simply set you a single device. Have you already peed my dear?&gt; I start
massaging her well lubricate pussy "W... w... what Master?" &lt;No matter, we'll
see shortly&gt;. I take a horizontal steel speculum that I grease and I gently
introduce into Rose pussy. She emits shorts howls of fear, that become short
screams of pain while I widen it up to 4 cm. The Rose's internal rose flesh is
even more defencelessly now. I move to her face to enjoy her sensations &lt;How
do you feel slave? I haven't stretched you too much isn't ?&gt; "Mmaaaaaasteeer
pleeeeeease Maaaaaster, what are you doing to meeee?" &lt;You are open to your
Master, why to worry?&gt; "I'm afraid Maaasteer Pleeeasee Masteeeer pleeeease" I
start rubbing her body, her big tits, her quivering belly, I give some tugs with
the elastics, I approach her mouth while I slide a finger inside her open pussy,
tracking its walls &lt;Kiss your owner, opened to him, totally exposed, subdued
and mine!&gt; and I dive into her mouth to get a great surrender kiss. We endure
kissing and I endure my amusing rubbing for many minutes, then &lt;Ok, the
device now&gt; "Hooo ohhho...".

I move to her exposed pussy, I slightly medicate it and I insert a sterile and
lubricate special Foley's catheter into her urethra, slowly, softly, because it
is not her urethra that I want to torture this night. She howls, but she doesn't
scream.

I know that the speculum wouldn't be really necessary to set a catheter, but
this way I think is better, and is me who takes decisions.

After 5, 6 cm, warm urine starts flowing through the catheter, then, whilst her
bladder is releasing its golden content into a bucket, I advance the catheter 3
cm more, and with the first pomp I begin inflating the balloon to its internal
extremity. It will prevent the catheter to slip out. Then I withdraw the
catheter till I sense the internal balloon to force. At the feeling of that
extraneous object trapped inside her bladder, Rose suddenly jumps.

Ignoring her, I inflate a second balloon, all around the surface of the catheter
in order to do it to adhere perfectly to Rose's urethra walls. This new worst
sensation drives Rose in dread, but I don't force the inflation at all, it is
surely uneasy, but not very painfully. Anyway I close the micro valve and by now
Rose's bladder is under the absolute control of its authentic owner!

I move anew to her head &lt;If I'll like the kiss that you are about to give to
me now, I will untie you from here and we'll go back to my bed&gt; She
immediately throws toward my lips, but I draw aside &lt;One important thing,
listen to me very well. You are my property, and me, and only me, can decides
when and how you have to be tortured! And I don't want to torture you by pulling
the catheter. Then I order you to advertise me if you feel the catheter pulling,
ok?&gt; "Y..yes Master".

We kiss, very pleasantly, obviously.

I remove the speculum and I free her from the chair &lt;Take the whip and wait
for me over my bed&gt;.

After having gripped the whip with her teeth she runs out.

I catch some tools and I follow her.

She awaits me knelt in the centre of the bed, the whip over the mattress in
front of her.

Between her spreads thighs the 50 cm spurting catheter underlines that her body
it is not her property anymore. The two elastic cord are slightly tensed among
her pussy lips and her breast tips, she's like a guitar.

I hide the tools under a towel as usual, and I join my captive. I kneel beside
her. Her perfume is a dope for my nostril, I sniff her shoulder, her neck, her
hairs, and I feel very, very, good. I caress her welted sexy curves, I circle
her tits, I'm very gentle for the moment. Rose knows that this sweet moments
will end soon, she shivers often, she remembers that she still has to suffer a
lot this night.

I reach the catheter and I connect it one hand pomp and a bag of water. The bag
is filled only half capacity, however it contains a full litre of sterile water.
One litre is too much I know, but I need a supply to impress Rose.

I set the valves to the filling way, and I slowly give 6 full squeezes to the
pomp... 300 cc.

Rose breath cuts off. &lt;Need to pee my dear ? ... No way for the moment! You
may whistle if you want !&gt; and I begin to play with the elastic cords,
causing Rose to yelps many times. I amuse myself pulling a cord, jerking her
sensitive parts, and then leaving it go suddenly, lashing Rose body, eliciting a
long howl then a sharp shout each time. After some hits she's on the edge of her
tolerance, she knows that if she moves to protect herself I will tie her and I
would surely increase the pain level. I enjoy her desperate attempts to resist,
but I know that she will breaks. I'm right, she breaks, but instead of moving
away from the hurt source, Rose throws herself toward me, to my mouth. She
kisses me frantic, passionately, I'm really glad, and I instinctively decrease
the elastic tension, and I even turn the catheter's valve to empty Rose's
bladder. She moans in great relief.

 &lt;Ok Rose, lay down now, I tie you for the night&gt;. I tie her almost like
the first night, laid on her right flank, the back of her harness-bra chained to
the headboard, the chain threaded through the rear collar ring. Hands chained
also to the headboard but by independents chains. Her right ankle chained to the
bottom of the bed. Unable to bend her body and her right leg, and unable to
lower her hands under her neck. But I tie her left leg differently: I wrap her
ankle and upper calf with two straps, that I connect to a chain from the canopy.
This way I can lift or lower her left knees as I desire by a remote command. To
begin, I lift it, so her thigh is almost vertically, while her calf is
horizontal. Her sex is totally exposed at my mercy. 

I'm exhaust, not for today, it is very soon, and it has be an agreeable journey,
but for the past two weeks of frenetic business. But I want her in more troubles
this night. Then I turn again the catheter's valve and I give 6 full slow pumps.
She immediately gasps for a moment then "Noooooo nooooo".

&lt;And now we need something to tease your bladder from outside too... Even it
is not really definable outside&gt;. I produce a 3 cm diameter dildo from under
the towel and I show it to Rose &lt;What do you think about this?&gt; "Ohhh ohhh
noooo". Well lubricated, I point it to her asshole and I start inserting it in
Rose's body "Maaaaster pleeeease pleeease" &lt;You have to take it! Keep quite
or I'll gag you and I'll take the wider size&gt; "Ohhh ohhh oh oh oh no nohhh"
&lt;Enjoy the stretching in your ass, it is mine, I can stretch it how much I
like&gt; and I start slipping 3 cm in and 2 out.

 Rose body writhes and her long howl becomes loud, but I continue the wicked
insertion, I want her in hard trouble this night. "Enouuuuugh Maaaasteeeer
pleeeease" In about 10 minutes I reach the maximum insertion of 20 cm, &lt;My
dear slave, now you will feel a great urge to pee, but instead you will taste it
for long&gt; and I start the powerful vibrator inside the rubber dildo. Her
reaction is enthusiastically, she starts writhing and stiffening rhythmically
her butt and pelvis muscles, in the useless attempt to ease the urge to pee, 
succeeding only in worsening the pain in her stretched asshole. Realizing that
this kind of distress will last for all the evening and night, she starts crying
and pleading "Maaasteeer pleeease, I can't bear this for so loooong, Maaasteer I
will do whatever you want pleeease let me peeeee pleeeeaaase, even just a
liiiittle".

I lay myself behind her, like usual, I pass my right hand under her flank to
reach her defenceless pussy. She gasps when I penetrate her without regards with
my medium finger. I enjoy the feeling of her distress from inside her, her
contractions, her desperate useless wriggling.

I softly pinch her labia &lt;No Rose it is not this that you have to take whole
night long... but this!&gt; and I squeeze another two full pumps of water into
her bladder&gt; "Ohoooooh noooooo noooo" &lt;Now you contain 400 cc of water,
but I like that you have to get at least 500 cc my slave, half litre!&gt; and I
begin squeezing another pump, very slowly. "Nooooo noooooo Maaaaasteeer have
meeeercy pleeeeaaase I can't taaaake iiiit, it is too muuuuch..." continuing to
slowly filling Rose's bladder up to half litre I harshly twist her innocent
labia. Her shout is immediate and aloud, hence I slip two of my left hand
fingers into her mouth to delight me better by her agony.

I'm being torturing her inside, and I sense it thrusting my fingers inside her
mouth and pussy. I've gripped her!

As I was hoping for her health, she doesn't even dare to bite me, even though,
by the agony, she doesn't adequately welcome my fingers, but I will forgive her
for that lack, she's in a rather good agony at least. After almost a minute of
bawls I ease the grip of her labia and I continue to lightly punish her pussy
and nipples slowly joking with the elastic cords. For the pain she only yelps,
but she pants for the last tribulation and she shivers all over for the overfull
bladder.  

I move my right hand anew to explore her pussy, while with my other hand I lower
her left leg by the remote. It is a great sensation to feel my tormenting hand
to be wrapped between her warm thighs. Moreover, while she anyway grants me any
kind of access, it is like she was encasing my hand to protect it while it works
on her inner... I instinctively start teasing her clit ring with my thumb,
eliciting a new reaction, despite her troubles, she also emits some low tone
moans ... she's incredible!

I wrap her with my left hand too, which, like usual, reaches her bosoms and
begins roughly massaging them. She's totally embraced by her owner, laid at her
back. Her whole body is at my mercy, also her inners, also her internals. I can
feel her disappoint to be molested, her suffering to be punished, her shuddering
to be overfilled, her submission to be owned... her wetness to be stimulated...
she's beautiful... and she's mine!

But I'm not satisfied yet, I don't know why but I'm unable to relax, unable to
fall eventually asleep, I need more.

Then I get the catheter, I think that I will torture Rose emptying and painfully
refilling her bladder until I do myself sleepy. But during the first drain out,
Rose, my new slave, performs another of her exceptional exploits. Just after
released the valve, my left hand takes anew to torment a Rose's nipple, but just
the subsequent instant, at the emptying sensation, like a snake, Rose spins
herself between my arms, wrapping her legs with the canopy chains, slipping out
my finger from her pussy and snatching her nipple from my grip. And she gently
enfolds my nape with her both chained hands. She smiles at me, she kisses me
once and in a sigh she whispers "Ohoooh thaaaank yoouuu Maaaaster" another kiss,
much longer, while I'm totally astonish and passive! But she continues with
another sigh "Maaaasteeeer pleeeaaase pleeeeaaaseee" &lt;Speak !&gt; "Master
please embrace me pleeeaaasee hold me"...

I don't know if she is naturally or if she's cute up to this point, or even if
she's simply desperate up to this point... no matter, I will understand it by
the time, for the moment the only important thing is that now I feel good, very
good, I suddenly feel relaxed and satisfied.

Without a word I lift myself "Nhoooo Maaaasteeer" but she hushes as soon as she
realizes that I'm freeing her legs. I unchain her left leg from the canopy and
her right ankle from the bottom of the bed, then I retie her left leg to the
bottom bed chain. She cannot bend, as before, but now she's laying on her left
flank, facing me, with her right leg completely free.

I arrange the catheter behind Rose back and I lay next to my slave, that
receives me very well "Ohhoo Maaasteeer pleeeaaase embrace meeee now,
pleeeaaase" I'm glad to satisfy her plead, and I hold her firmly, rubbing her,
caressing her, but, during a long deep kiss, I seize the pomp, I turn the valve
and I give a full slow squeeze. She freezes and she stares at me in fear and
apprehension. Her beautiful eyes start weeping again, but she says nothing. With
a grimace I give three more full pumps into her condemned bladder, then while
her gaze becomes hopeless, I give one last pump. &lt;You have earned half dose
for the night, 250 cc, not more, not less&gt; The relief lights her wet eyes, a
smile, then a grip behind my neck and the master is trapped in a long gratefully
kiss by his slave!

&lt;If only you weren't Rose... I...&gt; but this time is me that grips Rose in
a kiss, and during that long kiss I slide my left hand between her legs. Feeling
my hand, Rose raises her free knees to allow me to better dominate her crotch,
and her calf passes around me, wrapping pleasantly my lower body.

&lt;Ohoo, yes, my slave, I like it, good move! If you may ask to have your anal
plug removed... if you don't prefer enjoying it longer!&gt;

"Maaasteer, pleaaase, remove it, pleeeeaase".

I indulge her in this pleam then &lt;It is not that's all my dear, you have to
feel my total power over you a little more... inside you&gt;. While I talk I set
the catheter's valves so that the pump is direct connected with the bladder and
insulate from the water bag. The first effect is that Rose's bladder empties a
little, till to fill the pump... which is in my hand. It is a really interesting
game to squeeze and to release the pomp, filling and emptying for that quantity
my captive's bladder, causing her to continuously moaning and gasping one time
for relief, one time for distress.

After a short pause which she needs to understand her predicament, Rose restarts
searching me, kissing me all over she's able to reach, moaning hopelessly.

I roughly grab her hairs and I twist her head back, without interrupt pumping.

&lt;Describe me your present sensations, Rose&gt;

"Mmmm mmmm ... I... I feel my misery Mmmmaster..." &lt;Ahead slave, remember to
do not dare to lie to me!&gt; "I feel that I can do nothing... Master... I have
to take whatever you have in store for me... I'm really frightened, Master."
&lt;Inside! What do you feel inside your body now?&gt; "I sense your hand,
Master... I sense your fingers inside me, I sense them through the pomp. I sense
them tensing my bladder as you decide... mercilessly or more kindly... ... I
feel your power over me Master... the only thing I can do is to try desperately
to gratify you in any way... my only chance... Master... My only chance to
survive, Master".

Hence, realizing her predicament, humiliated, she starts crying. And, ashamed,
she covers her face with her chained hands.

I quickly release her hairs and the pomp and I free her wrist cuffs from theirs
chains to immediately tie them behind her back, while she's desperately wailing
"Nooooh Nhooo pleeeeaaase, I'm so ashamed...".

I take anew my position, squeezing the pomp with one hand and twisting her head
across the headboard chain with the other one &lt;Cry Rose, cry in front of your
owner, I like you, Rose... very much... cry freely, cry for me!&gt;.

I enjoy her wails for some minutes, then &lt;I'm really glad that you distracted
me from my business today. I needed a rest. Surely tomorrow I will give my best
and it is your credit. I have a gift to reward you for your today's behaviour,
you will surely like it so much. I will give it to you tomorrow morning, now
take care of my slumber Rose, take care of your Master&gt;.

I release her head and I get in touch with her still exposed pussy. I'm not
rough with her, I rub her back gently, slowly squeezing and releasing the pomp,
I'm tenderly teasing her pussy, I softly stimulate her clit ring, enjoying its
prompt swelling, and Rose's gratitude to my mouth, face and neck. The better
thing to eventually fall asleep. 



By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




The Chastity Belt (06o Chap.)



(M/f, NC, Real., Abduction, Enslav., Tort, Rape, Enema, Modif., Chastity Belt)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



Morning. I feel very good!

I awake Rose with a full spank onto her round ass.

I free her from the chains, leaving her arms tied behind her back, and I order
her to kneel on the mattress. From behind her, I cuddle her abdomen for a while,
enjoying the tension on her bladder, still increased during the night &lt;need
to pee?&gt; "Ohh yeees Masteeer... Please let me pee Master" &lt; Later,
perhaps! For the moment I think that it is not enough yet &gt; and after having
adjusted the valves I start to slowly squeeze more liquid into her body. Her
reaction is immediate "Nhoooo nhoooo, I can't taaaaake, I will exploooode
Maaaasteeer pleeease have mercyyy.... Aaaahhaaa"

I stop only after having completely emptied one pomp... only one at least!

I lock the valves, and then I unplug the bag and the pump from the catheter.

She's in trouble, sure, she barely understand my orders &lt;run in the dungeon.
Place your ass on the gynaecologic chair, spread your legs and wait for me
there!&gt;

I place the whip between her teeth, she attempts to move, but instead I hold
back her on her knees. I rub her abused body, I sense her high distress, she
shivers and trembles, but she stays in my arms. &lt;If you let to fall the whip
I'll fill you more, Rose&gt; I chafe her sufferer belly with one hand, and I
maul her lustful breast with the other one. She wails, I'm rough. I pinch her
nipples, I twist them, mercilessly. She can only scream, she has no chance at
all, the whip in her mouth prevents her even to try to calm me down by kissing
me, or even to turn her head toward me.

She weeps and screams under my attentions for at least half hour in which I
uselessly try to make her to release the whip. I would get my aim by simply
tickle her flanks, but I like to inflict her some other pain like this.

I grab her hair &lt;Get down from the bed, do not kneel&gt; She obeys, but she
have to stay bent forward, while I stamp her head on the border of the mattress.

I leave the bed to inspect Rose's ass. She stays bent on her high heeled foots,
with her knees almost touching &lt;Spread your feet my slave... more... more...
good&gt;, I tie her ankle-cuffs to the floor. She have a very bitch pose now, a
trembling bitch.

I release her hands from behind her back and I tie them wide to the mattress.

&lt;Leave the whip now, I need it!&gt; "Nnnnhoooo Pleeeaseee..."

I grab the whip, then I sit on the border of the mattress, between her arms,
placing my excited member right under her mouth. She immediately starts to blow
me. But her high urge to pee causes her to operate too frantically, too
unrestrained. A totally unusual behave for Rose, she has to have a very great
distress... good, time to increase it! I raise my hand and I land the whip right
between her buttocks, striking her asshole and pussy. Rose shout is loud. She
couches herself to protect her innermost, pleading me to not hit her there any
more.

&lt;Get up slave, we are just at the beginning!&gt; "Nhooooooo Pleeeeeaaaase
Nhooooo".

Have a blowjob in such conditions is incredibly exciting.

My captive have to please my member as better a woman can do, to distract me
from to whip her sensitive places. While me, I mercilessly hit her, to enjoy
from her pain and her wails, to have her to engage further, and to hinder her
work and then extend the blowjob and the joy from it... Moreover Rose is really
full of pee and her suffering is very exalted.

I protract the game for more than 30 minutes, she's in great distress, she
sweats many an she trembles all over. 

She crouches down almost at every lash, wailing desperately, hardening me more
and more.

Finally, unfortunately I come, greatly and satisfied.

Some minutes in which Rose continues her lovely action, then &lt;To the bath
slave, you have earned to pee!&gt;.



One hour later I join Rose who's waiting for me in her place, ready, fully
cleaned, oiled, heeled, disinfected, and perfumed, standing proud, with her red
head bowed in shame, as usual. She still has few shivers, but they are more and
more low.

&lt;This is my gift for your great behaviour of yesterday&gt; I show her a brand
new and beautiful chastity belt, steel, leather and acrylic made, so slim...
perfect.

As the previous one, is wire type, but some joints are evident along the
powerful rear wire. More lodges are present in the front side and the internal
side is a technological revolution. &lt;Despite its slim line, this chastity
belt is a masterpiece of technique and strength. The various lodges, joints and
accessories, allow many layouts, from the most comfortable to the most wicked.
You will notice by the time&gt;.

&lt;The most important thing is that this chastity belt is shaped exactly for
your body. Do you remember those two moulds of yours which I've taken? This is
the result! A chastity belt which follows exactly your forms, every crevice,
even the most inner. The front side mounts an acrylic, interchangeable mould,
which will match perfectly with your pussy and mons-veneris. The belt hides
internal steel armour that makes the acrylic mould to stick perfectly to your
body. In order to avoid you to stimulate yourself by pelvis movements, this
acrylic 'pussy mould' is allowed to slide few centimetres along the crotch
protection. It is also possible to settle on it a little acrylic plugs to assure
a perfect positioning, without the risk that you could use it to reach
orgasms.&gt; ...  &lt; ... Little plug... it is not necessary that I decide for
a little plug, I've a full selection of plugs and dildos on which to choose, for
all purpose and size. I can also decide for two plugs, vaginal and anal...  or
even tree, anal, vaginal and urethral! I have some more wicked ones of them
containing vibrators or electric contacts... You will love them!&gt;.

She has started to silently weep, staring feared the belt, &lt;Moreover also the
acrylic mould merges a steel skeleton, a kind of spring, to assure the perfect
contact with your pussy, guaranteeing, hence, the inaccessibility of your
sensitive parts from anything than me. Even your pussy piercings have been
reckoned. There are perfect lodgements to accommodate your pussy rings&gt;.

&lt;Like the previous belt, you may urinate and defecate with it, if no urethral
or anal plugs are mounted! The acrylic mould is fully canalised so that to allow
an effective hygiene through injections of water or medicaments in case of long
time wearing, through special inlets. And the rear steel wire will simply splits
your faeces in two. Is your duty to maintain you and your chastity belt always
perfectly clean&gt; &lt;For matter of hygiene I've had also acquired another
belt, twin of this one. You have to alternate the use of them&gt;.

&lt;Why are you weeping then?&gt;

&lt;Haven't you understood the most important advantage of my gift yet?&gt;

She stares at me puzzled, now.

&lt;Wearing this chastity belt you cannot gratify yourself in any way! You can't
touch yourself or stimulate you, also with your arms and legs totally frees!&gt;
She has a gleam of hope, she has understood now.

&lt;Yes Rose, with this device of sexual gratification denial, I can lessen my
control over you.&gt;

She gasps, she's enthusiastic now, perhaps too much &lt;This doesn't mean that
from today you will be always untied, but only that if I'm in the mood, I can
allow you to stay with hands free, to read a book or to behave cleanings or
others duty that I will think opportune&gt;. &lt;Remember that I like you tied,
I like to think of you well tied waiting for me, you haven't gained the use of
your limbs at all. Your chastity belt only allows me to reward you with a
certain degrees of freedom now and then.&gt;

&lt;Last thing Rose: Remember that you are always under my total control, even
out from your cell, even out of the dungeon, even out of the underground floor,
.... even out of my castle... Don't try foolishnesses. The only thing that you
are able to do is to procure me some embarrassment, nothing more, and in that
case you would pay very hard, believe me, Rose you are MINE!&gt;

&lt;Your life, out of here, is ended! I've made to find some evidences in your
name, Rose, do you remember your last travelling in your past life?&gt;

Her expression becomes terrified!

&lt;You are now an international wanted my dear, a drug messenger! Some friends
helped me on building the many false evidences that pin you guilty.&gt;

"NNNNNNhoooooooo you lie! Noooo. LIAAAR... it is impossible! Fuck yooou!"

&lt;Shut up! You will be punished for this!&gt; I was waiting such reaction, and
I immediately tightened her collar chain by the remote, dragging Rose unsteady
on her tiptoes. She doesn't wears the harness-bra, then the strength on the
collar is whole endured by her neck, chocking her. She can't protest more now.
First thing, I grab her elbows &lt;It is possible, of course! Anyway what the
difference for you? You are condemned anyway! You can't flee from me, and not
even from your next master, if I decide to sell you&gt; I link her elbows
together with a wide strap, causing Rose to interrupt her desperate wailing with
a smothered shout. I place another strap around her wrists for good measure.
Then I hobble her ankles cuffs with 30 cm of chain.

&lt;You have transformed a reward day in a punishment day, your gift have to
wait that you definitively accept that you are hopelessly MINE! Yourself do not
exist any more, you are my slave, my toy, my caprice, my victim!&gt;

&lt; I can only do one thing to prize you today: to gag you, to prevent you to
misbehave more&gt; and I push a holed ball-gag in her gaping mouth and I buckle
the straps behind her red head. I loose the collar chain only a little to ease
her to breath, then I leave her just the time to reach the whip, then I release
her from the collar chain. Grasping the leash I give her about ten hits, all
over her lustful body &lt;Run into the dungeon, wait for me near your cell,
hurry up!&gt;. She obeys whining.

When I join Rose, she's squatted toward the cell bars, in the useless attempt to
protect herself from my whip. I face her to the cell bars and I grab her wrists.
I drag them high, causing Rose to bent, and then I tie them to the steel bars.
Her head is downward and her butt is at my mercy, but is not enough. I also tie
her ankles, wide, to the bars, and I thread a strap from the bars that wrap her
belly. This way if she lost control or if she faints, the waist strap will
sustain her, preventing Rose to dislocate her shoulders.

&lt;Do you think that your piercings are healed enough?&gt; Her bosoms hang down
freely. Among Rose's shouts, from between her spread legs, I grasp each nipple
ring and I join them to the respective ring at the sides of her collar with two
short and powerful elastic cords. They are cruelly pulled, the pain is surely
remarkable.

Excited from Rose's cries, I choose a paddle &lt;I'm honored to introduce you my
preferred paddle. It is a bit stuffed, in order to avoid to damage your skin,
but its service is not hampered at all, as you are about to ascertain&gt; and I
hit her buttock side. She groans behind the gag, and she wriggles her ass in the
attempt to escape from my rage... no way! &lt;Do you like it ? You will have as
much as you want, right now&gt; At the end of the phrase Rose emits a long wail,
that give to me the start of a great, long, spanking. I hit her without pause
all over her beautiful ass and the external sides of her upper thighs. Her
screams reaches the maximum almost immediately, at the fourth or fifth hit. She
sways frantically her butt, she pulls desperately her legs, but, obviously, the
only thing that she really can do is... to undergo, how much I like...
because... she's mine!

I justly chastise Rose's misbehave along many minutes, savagely among her
suffocate continuous, loud shouts, till she faints.

Her arse has become swelled and purple red, a simple caress would be enough to
torture her more.

I release my victim from the bars and from the floor. I take advantage from her
unconsciousness to make her a surprise: I arrange her for the second part of her
penalty.

I insert an internal vibrator inside her asshole, and then I fill it with the
long rubber plug, 30 cm. The little but powerful vibrator is deep inside her
bowel now, only its power cable spurts from Rose asshole, beside the rubber
invader.

Then I insert a narrow, but long, rubber cylinder into her pussy. This cylinder
is long enough to almost brush her cervix, without hurting her, because is made
in soft rubber. Along its length the cylinder brings 4 conductive collars, all
connected to an electric wire that spurts out from its base.

I wrap her crotch with a strap, kept in place by the corset. I don't tighten the
corset to much, only enough.

Using many leather straps all around her thighs, ankles and knees, I firmly tie
Rose in fetal position, but her arms, which are wickedly locked behind her back,
with elbows rather close, but not in contact, and her nipples, still cruelly
stretched by the elastics to her collar.

Constricted like that, I insert my slave into the narrow cage, where I tie the
rear straps of her ball-gag to an upper bar, to sustain her head horizontally.
She can lift it, but she cannot lower it to ease the tension on her nipples too.

I hung the cage up, one meter from the ground, in the centre of the dungeon.

She wakes while I'm been connecting the electric wires to the control system.

&lt;Relax slave. I've not decided yet how long you will remain in thus
comfortable position, I can only tell you that perhaps it will be matter of
days, not of hours!&gt;.

Her desperate, long, loud, subdued wail is the sign of her suffering, fear and
late regret. 

&lt;Don't desperate you, you will be well entertained, sure! Like this...&gt; I
start the vibrator deep plunged inside her belly, to the minimum power. &lt;...
And this!&gt; I jolt the dept of her pussy with a low electric discharge.

She shouts and she struggles frantically, painful and frightened.

The words "Maaasteeeer", "Pleeeeaaaase" and "Nhoooo" are perfectly
understandable even through the gag.

She calls me desperate, many and many time, &lt;Answer me with nods slave. Would
you like telling me something?&gt; Yes &lt;Would you like telling me that you
have understood your predicament here in my castle?&gt; Yes &lt; Would you like
telling me that you'll misbehaves like this never again?&gt; Yes yes yes &lt;
Would you like pleading me to forgive you?&gt; Yes yes yes &lt;I already knew
all those craps! Now suffer... for long!&gt; long cry. &lt;I have to go for my
business now, see you tomorrow my dear!&gt; and I leave.

One hour, two or tree like this are really discomforting, but more than 5 or 6
is a rally bad torture. Pain, cramps, desperation... good! Moreover, for whole
the time I'm out, I enjoy myself tormenting Rose by sending commands to her deep
and powerful vibrator then to the shocking plug. I almost break my phone cellar
doing it. Thinking to the terrible effect on Rose, my excitement grows hour by
hour, but I'm able to come back home only after almost a day.

I found Rose asleep, she has to be exhaust to succeed to sleep in such a
predicament, I've cruelly jolted her again not more than half hour a go.

I wake her with a sprinkle with the hose, I've to wash her, and her piss from
the floor.

"HHHHaaaaasthhheeeeeeer, ..." she pleads incessantly, hysterically, she suffers,
sure.

I sprinkle all over for some minutes.   

&lt;I need to rest for 3 - 4 hours, if you totally and absolutely agree my
conditions I give you a truce from this punishment&gt; "HHHHeeeesss" ...
Obviously!

&lt;Listen to me very very well: do not plead for mercy, you will surely return
in the cage, immediately&gt; A lazy yes &lt;Don't even talk at all, you are
still in punishment, you are still gagged even if I grant you to empty your
mouth for few hours&gt;.

&lt;Now the usual shower and bath activities, then you can have to drink and
something to eat.&gt;

I release her from the straps, but she is still unable to move.

I empty her inner and I release her sore nipples. I conduct her to the bath by
the leash, she slowly crawls ahead me.

One hour later she feels a little better, cleaned and restored. She stays
silent, even if she weeps continuously.

&lt;Crawl over my bed&gt;

I tie her in the centre of the bed. I tie her knelt, with her knees and wrists
tied to the mattress. I disposed her like a sphinx.

When I lay down I have her slim wrists under my thighs, her body between my
knees and her mouth to my crotch. 

&lt;Now slave I want a great, great blow job, not too long, not too quick. When
I'll have climaxed, after you have swallowed every drop, and after I'm softened,
you have the permission to end to suck my tool. Instead you have to massage my
whole crotch for whole the time of my rest&gt; She stares at me puzzled &lt;You
don't have to make me to come again, you have to sweetly lick and massage whole
my pelvis zone, at your better. Don't be in a hurry, work slowly but
continuously. If I found you asleep my rage would become uncontrollable. I want
a long relaxant massage, it is your duty to find the way to satisfy me, if you
are not able to relax me, I will please myself torturing you much longer and
more cruelly&gt;.

&lt;Now begin, and remember, I want to orgasm only once, next I want to relax
deeply!&gt;

She starts with the blow job. I enjoy some minutes, then &lt;You are proceeding
well, very good, but I like to increase my amusement&gt; and I land a strike of
my whip over her already sore ass "Ahhaaaaaa" &lt;Do not dare to pronounce even
the word 'No'&gt; another lash "Mhaaaaa" then a "Mmmhhhmm" on my over-excited
dick. She cutely continues her job despite the whip, but her more big esteem is
to avoiding at all to scratching my penis with her teeth... she is perfect!

A blowjob with whipping is a thing that gives a real sense of power, and such
power over a beautiful creature like Rose is terribly exciting.

After I had a strong orgasm that Rose greedily swallowed, my captive meekly
begins the second part of her duty.

She starts gently licking my balls, and then she uses her soft lips to pinch my
flesh all around my sex. The great sensation relaxes me profoundly. I put down
the whip, and after a caress over Rose's hairs, I fell over the edge of a sweet
sleep. Just an instant before to definitively fall, I sense Rose that uses her
hairs to tickle my crotch.

The alarm clock rings 3 hours lather.

I wake up rested, beside the short time.

Rose is still working, pleasingly, besides her tiredness is truly evident.

I'm in a hurry, I can't enjoy more of Rose's massage.

I get up. Rose head falls on the mattress, she's exhausts.

I untie her from the mattress and I hand her a glass &lt;Drink!&gt;. Then I
bring her to the bath &lt;Piss!&gt;.

She obeys me unreservedly, she has not even uttered a syllable.

&lt;I give you 10 minutes, and then I have to go... And you, you have to take
your place&gt;

She silently starts to weep... I'm touched... What a benevolent master I am!

&lt;Answer me Rose, what is the purpose of your life now?&gt; ... &lt;Answer me
extensively&gt;

"... To please you... to enjoy you, to satisfy your wishes, to obey your
orders..." &lt;Ok, enough. Now listen to me. When I return in the bathroom I'm
allowing you to tell me a single phrase. If you propose me an interesting
exchange, I would accept it and I avoid you the remainder of your punishment&gt;
A light of hope revive Rose's eyes.

After 15 minutes I return. I found Rose in her spot, lashed to the computer
controlled chain, hosed, heeled, oiled, combed, perfumed, and wearing the
harness-bra laced around the bosoms, ready for her Master mood. 

&lt;You can tell a single phrase Rose, I suggest you to do not waste it&gt;.

"Master, forgive me, I will dance for you. I'm a good dancer, I'm so sexy when I
dance for someone, Master".

&lt;VVVVVeeeery gooood! I'm very impressed. Ok Rose, I accept your proposal, but
now I've to go, and you are too weak to dance. I will claim mine when I will
think suitable.&gt;

I take her new chastity belt and I lodge on it a rather small vaginal acrylic
plugs. A big one would be surely more interesting, but I don't want that she's
able to use it to stimulate her G-spot. Well lubricate I hand the belt to Rose. 

&lt;Wear it, very carefully&gt; I'm controlling whole the process. The chastity
belt matches perfectly to Rose body. With one hand I check the perfect
correspondence between Rose's pussy forms and the internal surface of the belt.
Once locked, the belt clings Rose very tightly. No one finger can reach her
pussy or clitoris, nothing to do. Rose's sex and any Rose's sexual satisfaction
are my exclusive matter!

I apply and lock a belt battery pack around the chastity belt waist band &lt;It
is already connected, this way I can greet you at any time&gt; Rose has a
glimpse of fear.

&lt;Unfortunately the battery pack can't be effective as a wall powered system,
but you will surely enjoy it anyway&gt;. &lt;Into your cell now!&gt;.

I leave Rose between the steel bars of her cell, for the first time since she's
here, with her hands cuffed in front of her. I hobble her ankles with 15 cm of
chain. There is no need to cuff or hobble her, but it is so exciting to think
that your slave is chained only for wickedness.

&lt;You can have a rest as long as you like, but I suggest you to walk times in
times, to get your body used to the chastity belt.&gt;

The cell lighting is computer controlled, and is programmed so that, even the
cell luminosity follows the external circle, but I will never leave Rose in
totally dark.

&lt;Later, in the evening I will send some message to your belt, to remember you
that your master thinks of you every time. Bye bye my stuff!&gt;.

It is hard to go to work with a creature like Rose that awaits you at home. That
awaits only to be owned... Anyway I've to maintain my realm, and I need
resources.

As I supposed I need to sleep out this night... a fucking room hotel.

I send 10 mild electric shocks to Rose pelvis, and then I start the vibrator. I
will stop it after I'd take a shower. My 'good night dear'.

3 days far from my castle, far from Rose.

She has to feel very alone and annoyed. Surely she has also to feel herself
rather salty, although in her cell she's allowed to have a basically sort of
hygiene. She knows how to wash her chastity belt by forcing water through the
apposite inlet. However I'm sure that she is dreaming a shower and a real
toilet.

Fortunately I've left the liquid food containers full, although after 3-4 days
it has to be become unpleasantly. In the future I have to change arrangement,
but this time she has to accustoms, ... at least... she's a slave!

I come back home the evening of the fourth day.

Before to join Rose I stop a couples of hours in the control room to quickly
browse trough Rose recordings.

She has timidly tried to reach under her crotch protection in few occasions,
probably only to check her blinding level.

More insistently have been nipples teasing and caressing, surely they haven't be
occasionally. She has played a lot with her so interesting areolas piercings.
I'm glad of this, if I had wanted to prevent it, I would have taken provisions.
Instead this way she can only grow her excitement and then her frustration.

Two hopeful eyes welcome me while I'm approaching the cage and I'm opening the
door, but she quickly withdraw scared seeing me so frowning.

&lt;Bad move Rose. To escape from your master it is not an appropriate
behaviour, don't you?&gt;

"Why are you angry with me Master? I was impatiently waiting for your return" 

&lt;You are incredible Rose. You are able to remedy a truly bad situation with a
simple phrase or motion&gt; &lt;Learn this Rose: You will never be able to
exactly predict my intentions. Your rule is to behave at your best to please me,
when I kiss you or when I whip you, indifferently&gt; &lt;Today, for example,
I'm not enraged with you at all, I'm simply very tired, nothing more. Are you
that have stupidly risked enraging me. But I'm too tired to enrage.&gt;

&lt;Now... have you had cold?&gt;. "N..no Master". &lt;Other needs?&gt;, "I
missing you, Master", &lt;Material needs!&gt;. "No, Master". &lt;Have you often
washed your inner chastity belt?&gt; "Yes Master". I already knew that, through
the recordings.&lt;Well! Now we rearrange your cell, you have to learn quickly,
soon it will be your exclusive duty&gt;.

She doesn't perfumes, but she even doesn't stinks at all. She has managed to
keep her cleaned at her better.

To allow her to work faster I un-cuff her, but I amuse myself by letting her
still hobbled.

&lt;To my bedroom! You have to change the sheets&gt; It is not a simple
operation, because the many straps and other constrains that cover the mattress,
but she has to learn very well such kind of jobs.

&lt;Now I allow you to take a long bath. You have to carefully clean your
chastity belt and then you will wear the twin one. In the bathroom you will find
a special cream to heal the marks of these new chastity belts. As usual, I want
you perfectly cleaned, oiled, perfumed and so on. Remember to keep yourself well
depilated, I dislike hair over armpit and legs, instead I love the beautiful
tuft between them. The wax heater is always on&gt;. &lt;...Needless to remember
you to do not dare touching between your legs too long, your enjoyment is my
only will!&gt;. She blushes, I hit the mark.

I lead Rose naked into the bathtub full of hot water, unrestrained, except for
the ceiling leash. Her relief is evident. I sit over the tub edge and I hand her
a gynaecologic lavage. She seizes it shedding shame tears. &lt;Widen your knees
and plunge the nozzle&gt;. While she obeys I bend over her and I softly kiss her
sweet mouth, my left hand slide along her arm up to her hand. I hold the ball of
the lavage through her hand. I don't squeeze, I simply follow her fingers while
she grips the ball by herself. And I kiss her mouth, relaxed, conqueror.

She has understood my pleasure, and she continues to slowly squeeze the
gynaecologic lavage inside herself, responding enthusiastic to my kiss. She also
passes her left arm around me. She rubs my back, I've the impression that she
really likes my kiss... I'm glad.

&lt;Temptress! I've no time for you now. Go on!&gt;

I leave the bath.

When I return I found Rose in her spot, ready, except for the chastity belt. She
has still her pussy naked and she stares at me puzzled. &lt;No my dear, nothing
for you. Put on your sexual denier right now... No, better, your punishing for
that slack will be this:&gt; I fumble some and I produce a rather sized
butt-plug that I buckle to the rear steel wire of the chastity belt. Then I
threw Rose's wrist behind her back, up to her shoulder blades. &lt;You have
earned a second plug in your chastity belt, unfortunately for you it is only for
this night, because I don't know how much I've to stay out next days, and I
can't prevent you to defecate for more than 2-3 days. Now bend over the sink and
wide your legs, and don't dare to argue about, or I would decide to punish you
more extensively for your naughtiness!&gt;.

Weeping she obeys, knowing what is in store for her.

Once lubricated her little hole, I please myself with her many cries during the
anal plug insertion. It is 3,5 cm of diameter, enough to keep Rose in good pain,
however, she stays still. 

Instead the slim pussy-plug slips easily in place. She sadly follows me while I
lace the chastity belt on her. Then I lock every micro padlock and I take the
leash from the ceiling chain.

By the leash I drew her face to face with me and I slide my other hand to her
crotch, over the preventing device &lt;My good is shuts away now, are you
pleased?&gt; I laugh while her stunning eyes become more wet. &lt;No, don't be
ashamed Rose, I know that you feel lonely into your cage. I know that you would
need some gratification, but if I can't enjoy properly of you, all the more so
you can't absolutely enjoy at all... Simple!&gt;. &lt;You are mine Rose, your
body, your pain, your joy, and even your soul... You are simply mine!&gt;.

She weeps silently, she has started to believe in that new reality.

I bring her to my bedroom. I decided having a blowjob then another crotch
massage during my respite. I lace her to the mattress like last time, in the
sphinx position, with her mouth in work position. &lt;You have to blow me, then
massage me for a couple of hours, I've not to come a second time, I've only to
relax. Then, if you are sure that I'm deeply asleep, you can stop...&gt; before
to lie down I connect the power line to her anal plug and I start its internal
vibrator. She gasps. &lt;Good night my dear&gt; she starts blowing me weeping
loudly.

Next morning, after having allowed Rose to bath and to prepare herself as usual,
I put her the chastity belt with only the little pussy plug. Then she has to
wear white stockings and four leather cuffs, but only the two of the wrists with
micro-padlocks, and, obviously, the un-removable collar. I give her a pair of
heeled shoes, also without padlocks.

I bring her in her cell, where I've prepared some little facilities. Her
beautiful breast bounce freely at every heeled step.

&lt;Don't get above yourself, but I've to admit that I'm relatively satisfied of
you, slave. I'm pleased by your appeal for me, and I think that your progresses
have to be rewarded&gt; &lt;This time I leave you some packs of milk and also
the soup is sealed in single dose packs. You have simply to drill them with a
straw. Have tree portion of soup a day, tree of milk and who much water you want
from the sink. I leave you something to read, so that you could relieve the
boredom&gt; over the cot I've spread few books. Indeed this is not really a
reward, instead it is a spiteful tease, while all the books are hardcore, they
talks about girls that have sex and orgasms: they will excites Rose to make her
mad of desire, whilst the chastity belt will avoids her any relief.

&lt;I've to go very far, and I wont be back before 7-10 days&gt; Her glance
becomes scared &lt;Don't worry, I will keep you informed of my health so often
&gt; I wrap her waist with a thick belt &lt;This is a long life battery pack. I
can send commands to your pussy plug for more than a week... and I will
certainly do it&gt; My words don't calm her at all. &lt;Surely I will fuck with
someone in such a long period, and when you will receive a sequence of 3 - 1 - 3
shocks, know that I'm been fucking, and be happy for your master&gt;. I have
finally succeed in having her forget the fear, her glance has become more sad
than scared.

&lt;You have all you need to keep yourself good and clean, remember to have
great cure of yourself, because you are mine, and I would surely never forgive
you if you spoil my property!&gt; &lt;I've provided you with many towel&gt;
&lt;As you have already noticed, your ankle cuffs and your shoes are removable
by yourself. You have my permission to remove the ankle cuffs once a day for 10
minutes, in which you can also replace your white stockings with a clean pair.
For the shoes, if you want, I give you the permission to slip them off to sleep
and also during the day, but, during the day, not for more than two hours.&gt;

&lt; I leave your limbs unrestrained for the first time, but I give you an
important rule, don't dare to disobey me: you can sleep in every pose you like,
but you have to have 3 limbs tied to the cot. Before to get asleep, you have to
lock 3 cuffs to a cot snap-link. You have to do that blatantly, so that the
camera could record you very clearly. The cot borders are provided with many
snap-links, you may decide to have all your cuffs tied to a single spot, if you
like! Keep always one hand free in order to be able to free yourself the
following morning ... a week tied to the cot and alone, would be terrible for
you, in that week and in even in the following weeks, cause if I found you not
ready as I've ordered, you would be harshly punished&gt;.

&lt;If I have other orders for you, I will send them to the main computer by
phone, and you could read them on the screen... Useless to suggest you to obey,
cause I can check your conduct at my return&gt;. It is true: the timetable of my
coded phone instructions, like vibrator starting and ending or electric shocks
or orders for slaves, are logged, and I can go up to the corresponding camera
recording sequence very quickly, with my videodisk recording system.

&lt;Since you have to wear the chastity belt for so long, remember to clean it
more often than usual. Use the little hose to inject lot of water and many times
at day&gt;.

&lt;You have also to keep well cleaned your cell. Use the bucket and the
rag.&gt;

&lt;Now I've to go, comments?&gt;

... Roooose, she drive me crazy... : she moves towards me, head bowed, and she
gently supports her hands on my upper chest, at the sides of my throat, then,
raising her wet eyes to me "Come back to me Master, as soon as possible...
Please".

I've still to understand if she's so sly or if she's really accustoming to her
slave condition, anyway I've been really lucky with her!

&lt;You are incredible Rose. Take a look under your pillow, Rose, I've prepared
you a surprise&gt;

She moves to the cot a little wary, but a broad smile shines on her face while a
fine, rose, transparent, sexy nightdress is unfolding from under the pillow.

&lt;Say nothing, wear it!&gt;... She's beautiful, she's sexy, and she's mine!

&lt;If I return daytime I expect that you are perfectly ready, perfumed, oiled
and so on. As soon as you know that I'm here you have to immediately wear your
shoes and strip the nightdress&gt;.

&lt;You are too beautiful Rose, I've to torture you, a lot... and cruelly!&gt;.

I leave Rose dumbfounded in her cell and I go.


By Kray

A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!

                                                          Kray20@lycos.com

More to come ...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





