BDSM Library - A Session on the Bars




A Session on the Bars
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Once again Colonel Marcos and his sadistically enthusiastic assistant, Anna Perez, have a young female student to interrogate. This time Linda Chou has the misfortune to discover the colonel's skill in using an old fashioned magneto... 
A Session on the Bars
Cortez

'Now, my dear if you will just slip your clothes off, we'd like you kneeling up
on those bars beside you...'

The girl whimpered, just as they all did, as she peered through the glaring
lights at the ominously simple piece of apparatus bolted to the bare concrete
floor at her side. Just a pair of parallel wooden struts, just over shoulder
width apart and each one fixed across two solid, knee high posts. The flat
narrow top of each bar, and the thick leather straps that dangled down from
them, were dark and stained with moisture and hard use.

'The clothes off now, my dear... or would you like my men to strip you?' The
colonel chuckled, 'some women enjoy being forced, I believe...' The warning, and
the memory of the leering, unwashed thugs who'd manhandled her earlier when
she'd been arrested at the demonstration, was enough. Her head bent in shame,
the slim, attractive young student began undoing the buttons of her cotton
dress. 

In the hot, sticky darkness of the cellar, her interrogators watched avidly,
enjoying the view of smooth brown skin as she tried to hide her naked breasts by
holding the dress against her body. 'Remember, I want everything off... even
those,' the colonel's voice carried softly from beyond the lights. The girl
dropped the dress reluctantly, her trembling fingers grasping the narrow
waistband of her brief white panties as she slowly started to remove even that
inadequate covering. She peeled the little triangle of material away from her
mound then reached between her legs, tugging the narrow cord free from the cleft
of her buttocks.

Her interrogators watched as the naked girl instinctively curled her body round,
using her arms in a desperate attempt to shield her cunt and nipples from their
gaze. The colonel smiled to himself. In a few minutes, once she was strapped
into position, it would be exactly those places that they would work on first.
'That's better, my dear. Now, Lieutenant Perez will help you onto the bars...'

Anna Perez, Colonel Marcos' most trusted assistant, was a slim, attractive woman
in her mid twenties. As usual for their shared torture sessions, she was dressed
in a short, white doctor's coat, her bare legs hinting that beneath the crisp,
white cotton she was naked. High cheekbones and short cut black hair gave her
face a severe appearance but, like the colonel, her dark eyes were alight with
the excitement and cruel anticipation of what they were about to do to the
pretty young student before her. She pushed the girl quite gently, her soft
shoes making no sound on the bare concrete floor, until the quivering young
students was standing where she wanted between the wooden bars. 'Hold the front
of the bars with your hands then get your knees up.'

Shivering violently, but too scared to make any further protests, the girl
scrambled awkwardly onto the narrow bars, wincing as she was forced to kneel
along the rough wood, straddling her legs wide apart. 'No, no, knees forward...
right forward, now kneel up...' Trembling and terrified, but obedient to the
woman's quiet commands, the young student edged forward, inch by inch, until she
was poised at the front of each narrow beam, leg muscles quivering as she fought
to keep her balance.

Once satisfied with the girl's position, the lieutenant worked with the speed of
long practice, ankle straps first, then the wide, thick straps over the top of
each calf to hold the knees hard against the wooden rail. With the girl's legs
secure, Anna Perez took her time tightening the oiled leather straps in turn,
moving round the short bars to pull each strong brass buckle tighter and
tighter. The girl moaned and whimpered as her shins were clamped down against
the wood and her flesh bulged out from each side of the leather straps.

Anna Perez scratched her nails across the pink soles of the girl's feet now
jutting out into thin air over the end of the bars. She smiled as the girl
squirmed, trying to curl those tender little feet away from her touch. The
straps held her fixed against the bars, all she could do was twist her ankles
and flex her toes...a little. She stroked the delicate flesh of the girl's
instep again, listening for that shuddering gasp as she tried to control her
reaction to that tickling torment. Perhaps it would be fun to play with her feet
a little more later on in the session.

Anna left the exposed soles along and took the girl's arms, pulling them
backwards. 'Hands together...' The nylon tie made a sharp 'zzziip' as she yanked
it tight around the girl's slim wrists. Finally, she reached up for the rope
dangling from one of the hooks bolted to the beam above the bars. She pulled it
through the girl's cinched wrists and snapped the metal clip back on itself to
complete the loop. In the darkness, two of the guards hauled the rope taut,
dragging the girl's arms up and away from her back, forcing her body to bow
forwards.

'Naaaah! Please...no, please...'

The girl's sudden cries and protests were ignored. A near silence fell in the
underground chamber as the rope was secured. The only sounds coming from the
bowed figure of the girl alone in the pool of light, a figure that shivered and
trembled, chest moving rapidly as she panted with fear and strain beneath the
hot glare of the lamps, her thighs strapped wide, the taut cones of her breasts
swinging gently... ready for the colonel to begin.

The stillness was broken by a rattle of equipment and the girl twisted her head,
staring frantically to her left to see what was happening. Her eyes opened wide
and a soft, muffled scream came from her throat as she saw the polished wooden
box with its side handle and brass terminals, the coiled wires and the plastic
tray of clips, probes and needles on the battered top of the trolley.

'No, not that, no, I haven't done anything, no, no, please no....' The babbling
pleas and frantic shaking of her head made absolutely no difference at all. Anna
just smiled and moved the trolley into position so the babbling girl had the
best view of the magneto that was the colonel's favourite toy. Having listened
to, and ignored, all those student stories of the regime's treatment of
prisoners for years, Linda Cho was about to discover the agony of torture for
herself.

The colonel walked into the pool of light as Anna Perez reached under her torso
to fondle the girl's dangling breasts and nipples. 'Now Miss Cho, Linda... you
are going to discover some of the truly agonising things we do to naughty little
students...' He paused, watching his assistant's expert hands stroking the
helpless hanging curves. 'I think we'll start with those delightfully available
breasts that I see Lieutenant Perez is preparing for me so carefully.' He picked
up two shiny brass alligator clips, the thin red wires from each one snaking
back to the connections on the magneto, and opened the jaws so the girl could
see the wickedly serrated teeth.

Anna grinned with excitement she watched the colonel gently opening and closing
the viciously toothed electrodes in front of the girl's horrified gaze. She
picked up a blue and white tube, squeezed some clear gel onto her fingers and
reached under the young, eighteen year old student's arched body, using just a
feather light touch of her fingertips to coat the dark brown aureoles and long,
stiffening nipples with the glistening gel...

Watching his young victim biting her lip in growing, unwanted arousal, the
colonel wondered if she realised that the gel being worked so skilfully across
her teats was specially prepared to improve electrical contact in the skin. He
grinned to himself, thinking with a familiar, delicious thrill of what he was
going to do to this girl in a few moments time.

He watched with growing pleasure as the girl's body gradually reacted to the
teasing stimulation of those slippery, expert fingers working her nipples into
thick, gleaming stubs. Then, after three or four more minutes Anna Perez looked
up at Colonel Marcos across the moist copper sheen of the girl's back, her hands
still cupping the dangling cones with the forefinger and thumb of each hand
stretching the hard, erect tips out to show that the girl's nipples were ready
for the clips to be applied.

Linda Cho had bent her head down, transfixed in horror as the man and the woman
so calmly and deliberately prepared her body for torture. Her breathing became
faster and faster, a hard rhythmic panting on the edge of panic as woman held
the firm, warm weight of her left breast cradled delicately in her palm, holding
it still to assist the colonel in positioning the shiny, brass jaws right along
the rigid peak. She felt the woman's hot, excited breath in her ear as the
colonel's fingers relaxed and the brass teeth closed... 

'Aaaah, oh God nooo! It hurts, it hurts, take it off!'

Linda squirmed madly as the metal teeth bit deep into the nerve-rich tip. Her
torturers just laughed, letting her jerk and flail about enjoying the sight of
her breasts slapping and bouncing, the brass clip dancing wildly with each fresh
convulsion. In the background Linda could hear crude comments and coarse
laughter from the guards and they too enjoyed the show. After all, there was no
real hurry, and besides, everyone knew that it was going to happen all over
again when the colonel clamped the brass teeth onto her other tit...

With both clips in place, the colonel stroked Linda Cho's hair, enjoying his
victim's growing terror before he stepped back to the little table...and
prepared to spin the handle of the magneto.  'Shhh, Linda, we're ready for you
now... so, watch my hand carefully. Can you feel it? As I turn this handle, so,
now... you feel the pain? Oh yes, yes I see you do...' The colonel wound the
handle for a few moments, sending the first surge of current through the thin,
red wires and into to the girl's nipples. The little machine wined softly and,
for a split second, it seemed as though nothing happened. Then, almost in slow
motion, the girl reared back against her bonds, muscles and sinews locked rigid
as the electric shock ripped through her body.

'ARRRRRGGGGGHHHH!'

The demented scream tailed away and Linda Cho flopped back against the straps
and the supporting rope, her breath coming in heaving gasps as she tried to ride
the pain of that first, awful shock.

'Ready again...' the colonel said as the pinioned girl slowly opened her eyes
and stared at the grinning figure in front of her. He moved his hand and the
mocking smile widened, 'watch the handle now...' The whine of the magneto was
louder and more urgent this time. Once more the girl reared up, her mouth
yelling her agony upwards to the vaulted ceiling, fingers and toes writhing
madly as the lancing fire of the current scorched across her nipples.

'AAAAH, Nooooooo! AH! AAAH! ARRRRGGGGHHH!'

For ten interminable minutes the colonel played the young girl like an
instrument of pain. The whining song of the magneto rose and fell as he spun the
handle, deliberately varying the speed and surge of current so that each time
Linda Cho bucked and twisted in a delirium of agony. Pinned to the bars that
held her thighs apart she could only flex her hips and upper body in response to
the white agony of those repeated shocks.

Her two torturers smiled at each other as they watched the wild dance of her
breasts, the way the clips and wires flailed madly as she jerked and jolted at
the devilish, fizzing touch of the electric current. But the little teeth held
firm despite all her efforts; each clip gripping a now-swollen, purple nipple in
an excruciating vice of steel.

With the sadistic skill of long practice, the colonel stopped turning the handle
as the girl's cried took on the hoarse, ragged edge of exhaustion. Almost
casually, he removed the clips, watching the girl fighting to master the new,
thudding agony of returning circulation. Linda Cho cried out again, a thin
despairing wail this time, as Anna Perez fingered the tender, pressing the taut
swollen flesh so that both of them could enjoy the sight of how she twitched and
moaned at the lightest touch.

Lost in her worlds of pain, Linda didn't think about the obscene straddle of her
thighs; or how the delicate, intimate folds of her cunt where exposed for her
torturers attentions too. All she could think about was the agony of her breasts
and the fresh stabbing pains each time the woman's fingers touched her. Then the
colonel spoke again.

'We'll move on, I think... allow an hour or so for her tits to swell up a bit
more and she'll scream at the touch of a feather,' the colonel laughed. The
woman smiled too; excited by the knowledge of where the agony was going to be
applied this time. She walked round behind the strutted girl, hands running over
the slick curves of her buttocks before probing the deep valley to finger the
soft, crinkled bud of the girl's anus.

She leaned over, whispering into Linda Cho's ear, building up the fear and
anticipation of the next stage of the dreadful torture. 'A little bulb up here
and then...' Her hand slid forwards, cupping the bulge of Linda Cho's cunt and
stroking the wet, sensitive flesh at the entrance of her vagina with one,
knowledgeable finger. '...Then you will pray for us to go back to frying your
tits. I guarantee it!'

Anna Perez loved any chance to use the bars, the position left a man's cock and
balls, or a women's cunt, so wonderfully wide open for all the delicious things
that could be done to them. She remembered last week's session with the young
man on these very bars. Only eighteen, but so well endowed...she recalled
dreamily...sliding one hand between the buttons of her white coat to caress the
naked bulge of her cunt; a single finger slipping between the already slippery
lips to stroke the little fleshy hood guarding her clitoris.

Once the guards had forced him into position astride the bars and strapped him
down, she'd spent half an hour playing with his genitals. Masturbating him
slowly while using the gel to provide an unbearable slippery sensation as she
fondled and caressed the heavily veined shaft whilst her other hand rolled and
fondled the soft weight of his testicles to bring him to the very brink before
stopping. The wonderful excitement of letting his near-climax subside and then
using her fingertips to torment the glistening, engorged dome of his glans, one
finger teasing round the curving rim until he was again thrusting and jerking in
the desperate search for that final, exquisite touch. Finally she'd used the
long expert strokes that brought him to a sweating, jerking peak he'd been
unable to resist. He'd bucked and thrust against the straps, mindlessly fucking
her busy fingers until those last arching spasms sent thick jets of semen arcing
out onto the floor as he came. Teasing him with coarse encouragement, making him
gasp and twitch whilst milking and tormenting his slippery cock until pleasure
became unbearable and he cried aloud in pain and frustration..

Anna rubbed her thighs together, feeling the growing wetness against her busy
finger as she remembered waiting for him to recover then... the slow, skilful
pleasure of working the young man's eight inch cock back to full hardness
followed by the wonderful excitement of wiring him up. First the thin wet
leather lace round the base of his cock, wrapped tight to hold him throbbing and
rigid for the torture. Then, the big clip gripping his testicles, Oh God he'd
squealed at that! Playing with his cock again, rolling the skin right back while
the colonel fastened the connections to the magneto and then putting on a rubber
glove before using the thin copper probe. The colonel working the magneto as she
slid the carefully rounded copper rod up his urethra, working it in and out
slowly and gently...each movement extracting squeals of agony that had made him
sound like a woman in labour.

Oh yes, Anna Perez loved using the bars...

For her own amusement, whilst the colonel prepared the other electrodes, she
picked up a slim, black vibrator. Licking the curved plastic rod she placed the
rounded point in the dimpled folds of Linda's anus. 'Ready again Linda?' She
pushed gently. The colonel saw the girl's eyes widen as she felt the intruder
slipping through the ring of muscle into her back passage. He chuckled, trust
Anna to keep her amused... as usual, his assistant was whispering to her victim,
savouring the gasps and panting breaths as Linda Cho gradually responded to the
stimulation she was feeling.

Her thumb found the little switch in the dildo's handle, 'Ready to come for us
Linda?' The buzzing was quiet and muffled as the vibrator came to life deep
inside Linda Cho's rectum. Anna moved the handle, turning it gently so that the
rounded point buzzed and fretted against the delicate tissues inside the girl's
body.

To the colonel, quietly enjoying the way Anna Perez was playing so intimately
with their subject, the effect of the vibrator was much more obvious and
dramatic. Linda Cho's head lifted and her whole body surged forwards, her mouth
opening, fishlike, in a gasp of amazement and shock as she felt the sensations
being generated deep inside her by the thin, vibrating rod. About thirty seconds
later she began to cry and plead once more as she realised the rod was going to
force her to a climax despite her pain and exhaustion.

'Oh not that, t-t-turn it off, no nooo, oh, OH, Oh God, oh yes... I don't want
t-t-to...oh god yes, yes, YES!' 

Over the minutes the cries changed, Linda thrusting her hips to and fro, trying
to push the vibrator deeper and deeper into her body as she worked herself to a
climax in a flood of moisture and spasming muscles. As Linda's orgasm sent her
into that familiar chanting, bucking rhythm, Anna locked her free arm round the
girl's waist, trying to hold her madly bucking hips still enough so she could go
on working the vibrator's buzzing tip against the most sensitive parts of her
anus and rectum. Ignoring the pleas and cries of outrage she kept the girl
impaled on the buzzing rod working it in and out until the screams of despair
told her that Linda Cho had reached her second climax forcing the girl to stay
at the peak of pleasure, despite her desperate cries for the maddening torment
to stop.

'Naaah, oh please, please! Aaah....aaa-aaaah...nah....naaah...oh, oh
yes...yes...YESSS!'

The words were blurred into a mindless gabble as Linda rode the anal vibrator
like a mad thing until she was left panting and shivering on the very edge of
collapse. Almost on the brink of coming herself, Anna Perez pressed the button
and the muffled, hornet-like buzzing stopped as she carefully slid the vibrator
free leaving Linda hanging on the ceiling rope, the sweat pouring from her body
and dripping onto the concrete floor below.  

The colonel watched the girl's slack, exhausted face for a moment and then held
up the object he'd been connecting up. 'Now you've had your fun Linda... it's
time for us to tickle that pussy of yours.' In the colonel's hands, the polished
metal electrode looked like another sex toy. A bulbous, egg-shaped top swelled
from a thick shaft that ended in a black plastic collar about two inches wide.
Below the collar, a black, rubber handgrip extended a further three inches. A
flex curled from the base of the handle... a flex that trailed back to another
brass connection on the side of the magneto.

The girl's breasts jiggled and swayed, her ribcage heaving frantically as she
tried to catch her breath after her sexual ordeal. She bent her head to stare at
the device he was holding. The colonel grinned at her, squeezing some of the
clear electrolytic gel onto the rounded top. He worked it carefully over the
whole surface, making sure she could see everything he was doing. 'Your see, my
dear, this is going where that little vibrator was a minute or so before...Oh,
no, no... don't worry that it's too big, Linda, I assure you it will slide in
easily... and...' He caressed the smooth rounded top, 'once this bulb is well up
inside I'm afraid you just won't be able to push it out again.' He laughed,
flicking the black collar with his nails, '...and this is just to stop you
swallowing the thing completely in all the excitement.'

Bending down he held the electrode under her body until Anna could reach down
and take it off him. Making sure the wire trailed free along the floor under the
bars, Anna pressed the oiled probe in between the slick spread cheeks of Linda's
bottom until the polished head nuzzled against the ring of her anus. Colonel
Marcos nodded for her to begin, reaching up to hold the girl's chin in one hand,
gazing intently at her face to savour the expressions as the probe was inserted
slowly into her rectum. 

'No, not up there, you can't it won't g-g-g-go...UH! The colonel watched the
dark brown eyes widen as the bulb started to stretch the tender ring of muscle.
'OOOOH! Oh G-God, N-n-n-nooo t-t-t-t-toooo m-m-much, pleeeassse!

Both her torturers grinned at hear the sudden frantic panting as Linda tried to
deal with the dreadful stretching pain of the bulb's entry. Linda's face
contorted in a sudden spasm and she rocked violently against her straps as the
bulb of the electrode popped abruptly through the tight ring of muscle, once
inside she could feel the fullness of it sliding slowly up into her rectum.

'AH! OH G-GOD! No...no...naah...naaaagh....Aaaaarrrgggh!!'

Anna Perez twisted the handle gently from side to side; making sure the girl was
fully impaled by the device, with the plastic collar pressing hard into the
fleshy rosette of her anus. 

'So, now we're ready for the front, Linda. Let's just spread those lips a
little, shall we...' As the colonel spoke, Anna pressed herself against Linda's
back, her arms reaching round and over the achingly spread thighs. Her fingers
stroked the shaved delta of the girl's mound before they moved down and inwards,
tips just parting the plump leaves of her labia, toying with her secret flesh so
that the eighteen year old student shivered and trembled, still in pain from the
breast torture and the stimulation of her recent orgasms.

The lieutenant's fingers slipped deeper, the fingertips of each hand fondling
one of the fleshy petals until she could peel the young girl's labia apart.
Spread wide open it was easy for the colonel to use one finger to touch the
fleshy hood at the top of the crimson gash, rolling it from side to side until
Linda Cho's clitoris stood proudly erect and she was once more whimpering and
babbling with a mixture of arousal and fear, ready for their next agonising
attentions. 

He picked one of the alligator clips he'd used on her nipples. He smiled at her
again as she understood what he was about to do. Gabbling in terror, she forced
her head down, peering at her own cunt as the little jaws of the crocodile clip
touched the tender skin on either side of her clit. 'Ready, Linda...,' the
colonel said softly, letting the muscles of his fingers relax.  The jaws closed
over the little nub and Linda screamed again as she felt the stabbing pain of
the brass teeth biting into her clitoris.

Colonel Marcos chuckled as he stroked the girl's pain-wracked face, gently
caressing her cheek and moving the wet strands of hair pasted to her skin.'
Shhhh, no not yet, Linda, not yet...save your strength.' He lifted her chin so
she could look across at the polished wooden box of the magneto, 'remember the
handle!' He smiled sadistically, 'let me turn it a few times...then you can
scream for us properly...'

The lieutenant let go of the girl's labia, allowing them to fold back around the
brass clip, and walked round to join the colonel. The two of them took an
enjoyable few moments to stroke and fondle the girl's face and breasts,
murmuring quietly to her and explaining in graphic detail what was going to
happen.

Finally they both left her alone and Colonel Marcos moved over to the little
table 'So, Linda, time for you to discover what it feels like for yourself...'
Linda Cho screamed and babbled uselessly as she saw him reach across to grasp
the worn handle on the side of the box...

Anna Perez edged her hand back between the buttons of her white coat, her
fingers stroking the slippery wetness that had soaked her genitals since she
helped with the girl's initial torture. She slid the fingers of her right hand
up into the slit of her cunt as the erotic sight of the girl strapped helplessly
on the bars whipped at her senses. Linda Cho's beautiful tawny skin was shiny
with sweat; her bedraggled black hanging down, almost obscuring her tear-stained
face. With her arms at full stretch up behind her, the cones of her breasts
still dangled free of her body, each one shivering and jiggling slightly as she
tried to control her racing breathing.

But what was bringing the woman to the very brink of her own orgasm, and
creating the abject terror in Linda Cho's mind as she stared down the length of
her straddled figure, was the sight of the two electrical connections attached
to the most sensitive points of the pretty young student's body. The red wire
jutting from the slit between the full lips of the girl's cunt with only the
very end of the brass clip showing where the toothed jaws held her clitoris in a
cruel vice; and the black flex protruding from the probe buried in her anus,
both snaking away between her straddled thighs to the magneto's brass
connectors. The movements of Anna's fingers became more urgent as she saw the
colonel touch the handle.

Silence fell as everyone paused, even Linda's frantic gabbling please were
stilled as the colonel's hand moved in a slow, deliberate circle. Just one,
single, shuddering gasp broke the stillness...then the colonel's hand moved
again, circling faster and faster and the rising whine of the magneto filled the
room.

As though defying gravity Linda Cho rose against the straps that held her, hips
thrusting forwards, her body arching impossibly backwards and her teeth bared in
a grimace of agony, as she was galvanised by the current surging into her cunt
and the delicate tissues of her rectum. Wild, inhuman sounds bubbled in her
throat, her eyes stared up at the ceiling... and a single piercing scream of
total agony echoed round the hot, sticky dimness of the underground
interrogation chamber.   

'AAAAAAAARRRRRGGGGGHHHHHH!'

The colonel kept the handle turning for over half a minute, varying the speed so
the girl's maniacal screams rose and fell as the current surged through her
genitals. When he finally let the diabolical machine whine to a halt the screams
turned into frantic, choking sobs as the girl fell forward, barely conscious and
only supported by the wrist rope.

Colonel Marcos waited for a few tormenting moments. 'Ready again, Linda?' The
machine whined and the girl surged upwards once more as the fire blazed through
her clitoris and the current burned and seared the delicate inner membranes of
her rectum.

'NOOOOOOOOOooooooooooo! AAAAArrrrrrggggggghhhhh!'

Another scream of outrage and agony ripped through the cellar. For Anna Perez
the sight of the current once again jerking the girl up into screaming, muscle
wrenching spasms was just too much.  Her racing fingers brought her to her own
swift, hard climax, her cries of release lost in the sounds of Linda's torture.
As Anna closed her eye's and licked the slippery juices from her finger tips
Colonel Marcos stepped up to the broken figure on the bars and once again lifted
her head.

'Now, my dear, shall we go on or will you give me the names of your friends?'
His hands caressed her cheeks, wiping the tears of agony away as he spoke so
gently and quietly to the shivering girl. 'Yes, yes...it hurts so much, I
know... but the machine, the little clips, they don't know...don't care how much
they burn and sting... they don't get tired like you...the pain just goes on and
on and on.'

He bent closer, listening to the whispered, pleading babble. 'Yes I know
Linda... you want it to stop so badly, we understand that too...so why not tell
me what I want... the names, all the names.' He waited, watching the slow
beginnings of defeat in the brown eyes before him. 'Perhaps, just to help you
decide we'll let the machine give you a little reminder... while Anna moves that
toy inside your bottom...'

'Oh God, Oh God...no, no you can't! Not more! You'll kill me no, no, NO! I'll
t....'

The colonel knew she had broken... but he enjoyed his work. The confession would
come...it always did, but he was enjoying the girl's increasingly desperate
efforts to make him stop. He knew her pleading eyes were fixed on his hands as
he moved back to the table and gripped the handle one more. His hand circled
slowly and the magneto began its moaning song of pain once more. This time Anna
Perez crouched behind the straddled figure, one hand braced on the wooden
upright while the other held the insulated hand grip jutting from between the
girl's bottom cheeks  to twist and slide the bulbous anal electrode slowly in
and out; letting the fizzing, torturing shocks play up and down the sensitive
inner walls of the girl's rectum.

Between them the two torturers kept Lind Cho bucking and screaming for a full
five minutes before they finally let her collapse against her bonds once more.
Colonel Marcos parted her labia and delicately freed the clip from her now
swollen and scorched clitoris. Linda squealed and jerked as the teeth came free
from the taut, sore nub now standing out so prominently.

Then, it was Anna's turn to make her squeal again, making the most of removing
the bulbous probe very slowly so that Linda's cries gave way to  groans of a
different, deeper agony as the wide head was slowly pulled out, stretching the
tender, abused membranes of her anus. Linda gave a final, shuddering gasp of
relief as she felt the polished dome head slip free.

'Now Linda...what about those names?' the colonel purred softly, 'or would you
like Anna to put the clips back on your nipples now they've had a chance to
swell up properly...'

Linda Cho looked at the brass alligator clips swinging from their red wires in
Anna Perez's hand, and then stared down at the taut, horribly swollen stubs of
her nipples...each one still a throbbing and burning agony. Her tears splashed
onto the rough concrete floor.

She would tell them everything, everything they wanted... but she also knew it
didn't matter what she told them... very soon the woman would attached those
electrodes to her nipples and clitoris... and the man would smile at her as he
turned the handle on that horrible wooden box...and she would scream as the
agony of her torture began all over again.

Linda Cho was crying because she knew there was nothing at all she could do to
stop it happening...absolutely nothing at all...    




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cortez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





