BDSM Library - A World for the Taking




A World for the Taking
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Taking things was a part of Lisa's life she hoped to one day escape.  But then. . . 
A World for the Taking
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2003 Couture

***********

I watched my mother rub the fuzzy fabric between her 
fingers.  Not looking at the cashmere sweater, just 
feeling it.  Her eyes were directed elsewhere.  At 
someone I didn't want them directed at.

"You want me to distract the saleslady?" I asked, 
trying to get her mind on her 'shopping'.

"No," she said, still looking out of the corner of her 
eye.

I knew who she was looking at without even turning my 
head.  I had noticed the group of girls earlier, the 
way they looked around to see if anyone was watching, 
but not even noticing Mother or me . . . amateurs.  
They whispered to their small friend with glasses.  
They were trying to get her to take something.  She 
was obviously scared, and didn't want to do it, but it 
was obvious her resolve was weakening.  The worst part 
was, judging from the look of the other girls, they 
probably wouldn't even let her keep it.  

"You want her?" mother asked.

"No thanks."   

"Maybe I should take her then?"

"Mother. . ." I let it hang.  She could be so 
exasperating sometimes - downright embarrassing.

Her nostrils flared.  I looked over and watched the 
girl put a brightly colored blouse in an empty 
shopping bag.  My mom went around the other side of 
the clothing rack stalking the poor girl.

"Come on Mom, why are you even bothering with her?"  I 
caught her by her sleeve. "She's nothing - not even 
enough to take."

I was scared.  Not of the girl getting taken, but 
scared because the girls went to my school.  What in 
the world would I do if they found out what kind of 
person mother really was?

"You know when I was your age, I had taken dozens," 
mother said.

"But Mom," I said.  "That was a long time ago and 
things have changed.  Besides, I'm going to school so 
I can have a real job."

Mother ran her fingers through my hair and looked down 
at me with a disappointed glare.  "I see that I've 
done a 'real job' of spoiling you. Do you think we 
could afford the lifestyle we lead, without mummy's 
work?"

"I know that's what you do mom, and there's nothing 
wrong with it.  It's just that maybe I don't want to 
do it.  I'm not like you."

"You're more like me than you know."  That damned 
knowing smirk again.

"No I'm not."

"Yes you are."

"Am not."

"Okay sweetie, let's not argue," Mother said, as she 
reached over and rolled a silk blouse through her 
fingers.  "And they call this silk?  This is crap.  
I'm going to go see if I can find a store that doesn't 
have seconds."

"The shirt is fine Mother."

"Maybe for you," she said patronizingly.  "Surely they 
have something of quality in this mall.  Really, I 
wouldn't even come in here if it wasn't for THEM.  
Tell you what, I'll meet you in the food court in an 
hour.  "

To tell the truth, I was glad to leave her.  It wasn't 
the clothes that she didn't like.  Mother liked 
clothes.  But there was one thing she loved more than 
clothes and that was taking.  It was obvious what her 
mind was on today.  She would probably take someone 
today and I didn't want to be around when she did it.

I shopped for awhile and tried on a new pair of shoes.  
The saleswoman wasn't very helpful or attentive, so I 
put my old shoes back in the box and left.  An hour 
later I met mom at the food court.  We ordered sushi 
and sat down to eat at one of the small tables with an 
umbrella on top.  Why people put umbrellas on tables 
that are indoors, I'll never know.  

"You Take?" Mother asked.

"Just a pair of shoes."  I showed them to her and she 
was her usual critical self.

"Want to see what I took?" she asked, beaming proudly.

"Sure."

She showed me the contents of her bag, a very young 
looking brightly colored shirt.  Not mother's style at 
all, but the look in her eyes said she was pleased as 
a peach.  She was smiling like the cat that ate the 
canary.

I thought it was for me at first, but then my stomach 
lurched as I recognized where I had last seen the 
blouse.  "Mother, you didn't."

Her eyes twinkled.  "Oh but I did.  I'm sorry sweetie, 
but I couldn't resist.  She was just too easy.  It was 
like finding fifty dollars on the ground and no one 
was looking.  Oh, and you were right, she does go to 
your school.  Isn't that nice?"

Damn, it was all my fault.   I should have never left 
Mother alone.  Not when she had that look in her eye.  
Now, what was I going to do?  Yes, get out of there as 
quickly as possible.  "That's it then mother.  Okay, 
we're leaving right now.  Quick, before she sees us 
together.  I don't want to have to move again."

Mothers smile grew wider.  Sometimes I hated her.  She 
could be so infuriating.

"Oh, I don't think she'd like that very much sweetie," 
she said.

"This is serious mother.  I have to go to school with 
these people.  It's bad enough I've had to move around 
all my life.  But this, this is totally and completely 
unforgivable," I said, being as forceful as I dared 
without being noticed by the other diners.  "Tell me 
what you did."

"I did the old undercover security officer routine.  I 
gave her a good searching and then I took everything.  
I've put all the new purchases I bought with her 
credit card and checks in the car already."

"Damn it mother," I said.  "She was just a girl.  *I* 
could have taken her.  Why couldn't you have taken 
someone else?  Someone more worthwhile."

"Like who?" Mother smirked.

"Oh, I don't know," I said.  It was so exasperating 
talking to her sometimes.  The point wasn't, who it 
was, just that she shouldn't cause me problems by 
picking people I might know.  "Someone like that woman 
there," I said, nodding at a young woman passing by.  
Mother would never have chosen someone like her 
though.  The woman obviously had money, judging from 
the clothes she was wearing, but she had an aloofness 
that suggested she was better than everyone else.  
It's hard to take from someone who won't even look at 
you.

"Take her then," mother said.

"No!"  I wasn't taking anyone.  "We're leaving."

"If not for yourself or for me, then do it for Penny."

"Penny who?"

"Your little friend from school," she said.  "I didn't 
just Take her money. . . I Took *everything*.  She's 
in a restroom stall, naked as the day she was born.  I 
told her I would send someone back later with her 
clothes."

"Where is she?" I demanded.  "We're giving them back -
- right now."

"I'm not telling," she said smugly.  "I'm not telling 
unless you Take . . . her." She nodded at the 
retreating from of the woman I had noticed earlier.

Damn it - damn it - what was I going to do?  "Someone 
else mother.  Someone easy."  Why did I pick her 
anyway?  Why couldn't I have chosen a young boy or an 
old man.

She just smiled and shook her head.  The bitch!

"What do I do?" I asked.  

"Figure it out."

"Fine," I said as I got up.  I refused to let mother 
know she had gotten the better of me.

"You're really going to do it?" Mother asked.

"Yes," I said.  "Do I have a choice."

"I was just teasing you honey," she said.  "Sit back 
down and finish your drink.  Then we can go home or 
maybe Take someone together.  Someone easy."

"But, what about Penny?"

"Fuck Penny," she said.  "What's she to *us*?"

"She goes to my school," I said.  "But I'm not just 
doing this for Penny . . .I'm going to take that 
woman, because you don't think I can."

"Sit down Lisa," she said.  "Think it over.  You know 
better."

"I'm Taking her."  I knew I was being stupidly 
prideful, but I couldn't help it.  Mother thought she 
was better than me because I went to school and had 
bigger plans in live. .  She thought I would end up 
just like her . . .a Taker, lifting things here and 
there and hustling people to make a living.  

"Do it then," she said, shrugging her shoulders.  
"I'll be waiting in the car and ready to go in an 
instant.  Do you remember where we parked?"

"Yes, mother."

"Then do it.  Take her."

"Fine."  I was already beginning to regret my 
decision.  Why hadn't I agreed with her and just went 
home?   Now she was safely in the car and I had to try 
to Take that rich woman.   Well, I would show her.  I 
got up, taking my diet Pepsi with me, and casually 
followed the woman.  I still had no idea what to do.  
How to Take her?  The shoplifting trick wouldn't work, 
not for someone like her, not even if I could plant 
something on her.  No, she would just buy her way out 
of it with a laugh.  I followed her to a few stores, 
watching, but not letting anyone know I was watching, 
from a safe distance.  

Mother would probably have known what to do, but I 
didn't have a clue.  Maybe I could pretend to be a 
salesgirl and offer her a real good deal -- cash money 
for whatever she wanted.  Nah, she'd never go for it.  
What I needed, was to get inside the woman's mind.  
What made Miss Stuckup tick?  

It was amusing to watch the sales woman fell all over 
herself to help Miss Stuckup.  But finally, Miss 
Stuckup found something she liked and went to the 
dressing room.  This was my big chance; it was now or 
never.  I picked up a shirt I didn't even like and 
followed her.

I was still clueless on how I was going to Take her.  
While she had her pants down, I could easily snatch 
her purse and run.  Only problem was, security would 
be after me and I couldn't give Penny her clothes 
afterwards.  That damned stupid girl!  I wouldn't even 
be doing this if it wasn't for that fucking Penny, who 
just had to go and shoplift in front of my mother.  I 
pictured Penny naked, nervous, alone, and waiting for 
someone to bring her some clothes.  I must admit the 
thought of her - naked and alone - aroused me.  It 
also gave me an idea.  I went to the next dressing 
room over from Miss Stuckup and quickly shed my 
clothes.   I was naked as Penny, but I wasn't Penny.  
I was smarter - a Taker.  My heart sped and I prayed 
my plan would work, but was what I was doing right?   
It didn't matter.  I had to do it to help my classmate 
and to teach my mother a lesson.  But, this wasn't 
like taking a pair of shoes from a company that pays 
its executive millions of dollars a year.  This was a 
living breathing person.

I imagined Miss Stuckup vainly preening in front of 
the mirror.  I imagined her being cruel to the people 
who waited on her.  The people she treated like dirt.  
Yes, Miss Stuckup deserved it.  She deserved to be 
Taken.  It was only fair.  I was doing the world a 
favor.

I summoned up my nerve, pushed my purse underneath the 
small space beneath the dressing room stall and the 
floor, and then rolled under myself.

Miss Stuckup sputtered and spat, her eyes wide at the 
sight of my naked body.  "Wh-what- get out - oh my god 
- get out."

I put my hand over her mouth.  "If someone comes in, 
I'll say you tried to rape me.  Do you want that to 
happen?"  I said it all serious like, no smile or 
giggle - one hundred percent pure business.  I was no 
longer a high school senior but a full fledged Taker.

Her face grew pale.  She closed her eyes and shook her 
head.  

"Good, cause I'm only fourteen," I lied.  I'm 
eighteen, but what was she gonna do, check my license?  
"And if you get caught with me, then that would make 
you one of them - like - sex offenders or something 
wouldn't it?  You know, even when you get out of 
prison, they are gonna make you register with your 
state and the city you live in."  Miss Stuckup looked 
like she was going to faint and I warmed to the role 
and the power I felt.  "Not to mention the women in 
prison.  I think they would be hard on a someone who 
messed with a child, much less a rich bitch like you, 
ya know?"

Tears streamed from her eyes as she nodded her head.  
She was mine.  I had Taken her.  Sure as shit, I had 
Taken her.  Now, I only had to keep her off balance 
and not let her think.

"Did you just look at me, like you think you're better 
than me, stuck up bitch?" I asked angrily.  She 
didn't, but that wasn't the point.  She shook her 
head. 

"You think your clothes make you better than me, Miss 
Stuckup?"

"no," she managed to squeak.  

"Then take 'em off.  Hurry," I urged.  "I'm not 
fucking playing.  Do I look like I'm playing?"

"No," she said, her eyes pleading.  Her top was off 
already, and soon her skirt lay in a puddle at her 
feet.  

She stood in front of me blushing and I stared at her 
in disbelief.  She was wearing garters and stockings, 
panties on outside the garters.  I knew in that 
instant it was her husband who had the money.

I fingered one of her garters, sweat had broken out on 
her brow, as she vainly tried move away from me.  "Are 
you some kind of whore Miss Stuckup?"

"No," she whispered.  "I'm ahh- married . . . and my 
husband."

"Likes you to slut for him?"

"Please," she begged.  "What do you want?"

"I want you to take off your bra and panties bitch.  
Now do it, or I'll scream rape, I swear it!"

She took off her bra first.  Her breasts were large, 
but fake.  A nice Beverly Hills job though.  She slid 
her panties off, and hid her sex behind her hand.  

"Not so much better than me now, are you Miss Fake 
Boobies?"

She shook her head again.  "Please what do you want?" 
she begged, her cheeks burned a bright crimson, as 
tears welled in her eyes.  

Instead of feeling guilty, I honestly felt like 
laughing and had to do my best to give her a mean 
angry look.  "Move your hand.  What are you hiding, 
you don't think I haven't seen a pussy before?"    

She moved her hand and I was momentarily speechless.  
Her sex was a smooth as silk.  Damn, what women will 
do to keep a rich husband.

"Wow, it's smooth," I said in awe.  "I reached down to 
touch her, to see if it was really as smooth and soft 
as it looked.  She moved to stop me.

"You know better," I warned and she withdrew her hand.  
I touched her and met no resistance.  Her pussy was 
amazingly soft, without a hint of stubble.  I also 
discovered that she was also . . . growing quite wet.

"Amazing," I said, still rubbing her.  "Do you wax 
it?"

"No, oh, I ah - it was ah - laser."

"I'm turning you on, huh?  You fuck an old guy I bet, 
but you like girls, don't you?  Huh, Miss Stuck-up, 
you like girls?"

"No-ah!" she gasped.

"Little girls?  Is that it, you like young girls?"

"No, oh God, please stop," she begged.  Though she 
shook her head no, her she opened her legs wider.  Her 
pussy was positively gushing and her nipples grew 
erect.

I heard the outside door to the dressing room open and 
there was a knock on the door to our stall.  "Is 
everything okay?" the saleswoman asked.

I could feel Miss Stuckup tense in my hands.  I could 
smell her arousal and I could almost hear her 
thinking.  This could be her last chance for help, but 
what could she do, with me behind her, my finger 
delving into her sex.  How could she explain it?

"No," Miss Stuckup said. "I'm fine.  I ah I ah need to 
ugh- be left alone ah - while I'm changing if you 
don't mind."

As soon as the door closed again, my fingers sped.  
Her pussy made wet smacking sounds as I fucked three 
fingers into her sex, rubbing her clit with my thumb.  
"Please stop- ah- oh -please don't do this," she 
gasped.  And yet, she spread her legs, making herself 
all the more available to me, bracing herself on the 
wall with her hands for support.

"Now let's get back to business," I said, as I pushed 
a finger in her ass.  "Do you like young girls, baby, 
is that it?"  I had my hands full now, filling her 
from the front and back.

"No- ugh - no, oh God," she gasped.  "Please stop."

So I did, but I kept my fingers inside her to keep her 
manageable, but I didn't move them.  Then inspiration 
hit.  "You don't like young girls, you want to *be* a 
young girl, don't you?  That's why you have a bald 
puss, isn't it?"

She shook her head, tossing tears left and right.  

"What's your name?" I asked.  

"Diana - ahhhh- Diana."

"Well, Daina-ahh Diana, that's an awfully big name for 
such a little girl, I think I'm gonna call you Dee-Dee 
for short, is that okay with you?"

"Yes - ugh," she whimpered.

"Yes, Miss Lisa," I corrected.

"Ahh, yes Miss Lisahhh,"

"Dee-Dee, what are you doing out here in this big-ol' 
mall all by your lonesome?"

"Ah, I ah don't know."  She moved back against my 
fingers.

"Poor Dee-Dee, alone in such a big mall all by her 
little self.  Did mommy leave you?  Are you lost?  Do 
you want Miss Lisa to take care of you little girl?"

 "Yes, Miss," she said in the cutest little voice you 
could imagine.

"Good girl," I cooed.  "Okay Dee-Dee, do you want to 
play a game?  I know, let's play the horsy game.  Do 
you want to play the horsy game?"

She nodded her head, actively moving up and down on my 
fingers - riding me.  It was what gave me the idea in 
the first place. 

"Good girl, it looks like you already know how to 
play.  Go on girl, ride the horsy."

Her hips moved up and down faster and faster.  Her 
moisture was soaking my whole had and I could feel my 
own puddling beneath me on the hard seat.  It wasn't a 
young girl's ass bobbing up and down on my arm, but a 
woman's ass.  Full and thick, bucking and thrusting 
with years of experience.  It she was doing it because 
I was making her.  Fuck if I wasn't getting turned on.

"Ah-ah-ah," Diane cried a little too loudly.

"Shush," I urged.  "Be a good girl."

"B-but-ugh- my ass is burning."

"So?" What?  Like it was my problem or something.  
"You want to ride or not Dee-Dee?"

She gave a plaintive whine, her hips bucked faster.  

"Look in the mirror," I ordered.  "Look at yourself."

She looked at herself in the mirror and gave a long 
moan.  It set her off, and her body shook when she 
orgasmed.  When she stopped, her body squeaked as she 
slid down the mirror, until she sat next to me.

I wiped my hand clean on her clothes and rummaged 
through her purse while she recovered.

"What are you doing?" she asked, but the fight had 
long since gone out of her.

"Getting a few things, Dee-Dee" I replied.  

I held up a few of her credit cards.  "Which has the 
smallest limit?"

Puzzled, she pointed to her Discover card.   I took 
her money, the discover credit card, and her license.  
"Which is the key to your house?"

She hesitated and then pointed.  

"I don't think you will like what happens if I find 
you've lied.  I've got your license, so I know where 
you live."

Tears welled and she pointed to another key.  The 
little bitch had lied to me.

"That's a good girl, Dee-Dee," I said, patting her 
knee.  "Now tell Miss Lisa what you will do to keep 
this quiet."

"Anything," the tears were flowing now, and if I 
wasn't feeling so horny, I probably would have felt a 
little guilty.

"How much is it worth?"

"It's not my money, it's my husband's."

"How much?"

"Ten thousand."  She saw my look and quickly amended.  
"Okay, maybe fifteen, but I don't even know how I'll 
get it without him getting suspicious."

I reached between her legs and stroked her sex.  She 
made no effort to stop me.  "It's okay Dee-Dee, I 
don't want you to get in trouble," I said.  "Now think 
real hard and tell Miss Lisa how much you think you 
can get each month without getting caught."

"Ah, two hundred," she said.  She was responding to my 
fingers again.  I had her right where I wanted her.

"Miss Lisa." I corrected.

"Two hundred Miss Lisa."

I diddled her clit, and the poor thing was gushing 
again.  What a pervert.  "Only two hundred Dee-Dee?  A 
pretty and smart girl like you is only worth two 
hundred dollars?"

"Four hundred.  I think I can get four hundred Miss 
Lisa."

"I want you to think real hard Dee-Dee.  Maybe we 
could even play little girl games again.  And I'm not 
going to be able to play little girl games if you are 
in prison.  I think when they see your pretty boobies 
and bald little girly puss, those hard prison women 
are gonna want to play big girl games -- *rough 
games*.  So tell me Dee, how much is it worth hmmm?  
Hhow much to play little girl games."

"A thousand, Miss Lisa" she gasped.

She gasped even louder when I stuck my wet finger in 
her ass.  "That sounds like a very good number from a 
very smart and pretty little girl.  Now here's what I 
want you to do. . ."

I gave Dee-Dee instructions on what was going to 
happen.  When she left, I had her write me two checks 
for five hundred a piece.  I would meet her in a month 
for the thousand in cash.  In return, I would play a 
little girl game with her.  She didn't realize it yet, 
but she would be playing big girl games before long - 
rough games.  Oh yes, I had a lot of ideas for Dee-
Dee.  

I told her to get as far away from the store as 
quickly as possible and not to come back because I was 
going to file a rape report when she left.  As long as 
the checks kept coming in, she was safe.  She was 
crying when she left, but she also seemed relieved.  
It could have been much worse.  I had Taken her, but 
she could live with it, and I wasn't greedy. 

I left right after she did.  I never filed a report; I 
had no intention to.  My mother was waiting for me in 
the car.  I guess the smile on my face told the story.

"You Took her," she said, hugging me.  "I'm so proud 
of you.  Now, let's get out of here and you can tell 
me all about it."

"It's okay," I said.  "No one will be coming out."

She looked at me as if she didn't quite trust me.  
"How much did you Take?"

I gave her the check for five hundred, along with the 
three hundred in cash I lifted, and beamed proudly.

"Three hundred?" she winced.  "And what the hell where 
you thinking?  A check!  She'll stop payment before we 
can cash it.  Did you get any cards?"

"She won't stop payment," I said, and showed her the 
credit card.

"Not a bad Take," she said, handing me the cash back.  
"You've earned it.  The rest will go to your room and 
board.  It's high time you started pulling your own 
weight around here.  Why I was paying my own way by 
the time I was sixteen.  You've just turned eighteen 
and you haven't even started."

"Yes, mother," I groaned.  "And mother, what about the 
girl in the bathroom?"

She tossed me a bag.  "To hell with her, Lisa.  I 
would have thought your first take would have 
straightened you out."  

Maybe it did.  I felt different inside.  More 
powerful.  Strong.  Yet, in a way, I owed it all to 
Penny.  If it wasn't for her, I would never have had 
the courage to take Diana as successfully as I did.

"The clothes mother," I repeated.  "You promised."

"You are too obstinate to be my child.  Oh, well, 
here's her damned clothes.  She's in the lower 
restroom by Talheimer's, but I don't even know why you 
want to bother.  I've already Taken her.  There's 
nothing left."

"She goes to my school," I said.  "Besides, I may even 
be able to work out a deal where she can do my 
homework."  Mother could be so one dimensional 
sometimes, but she began to catch on when I mentioned 
homework.  I had learned with Diana, there were things 
you could take that didn't come out of a wallet.

"That's good, now you're thinking like a Taker, but 
with money, you don't need homework or school"  Mother 
hugged me again.  "How's it feel?"

"It feels good.  Real good," I said.  "And don't worry 
about me mother.  I'll catch a ride home.  If I can't, 
I'll call you, okay?"

"Sure thing sweetie, you've earned it.  But don't let 
this one Take go to your head.  Stick with mummy and 
everything will be just grand."

"Thanks mom."

I tossed Penny's clothes in the trash, bought some new 
ones along the way.  I also stopped at Walgreens and 
bought a disposable camera, and made my way to the 
restroom.  I knocked on the locked door.

"Who is it?" she asked, timidly.

"Someone asked me to take this bag to a girl that was 
in here."

"Thank God," she said.  "Toss the bag under."

"Unlock the door," I said.

"No - I ah can't."

"Fine.  See you later."  I walked back to the door, 
but I knew she wouldn't let me leave.  

"Wait," she called.  I heard the latch slide open.  
When I opened the door, she was on the commode, an arm 
over her breast and a hand over her crotch.  

"My God," I exclaimed, feigning surprise.  "You're 
naked!"

"Please give me the bag," she pleaded.

"No fucking way!" I said, pretending to recognize her 
for the first time.  "You go to my school don't you.  
Oh shit, you're Penny Hudson!"

She started crying.  I coerced her with the bag of 
clothes and eventually got the whole story out of her 
of what happened with Mother, even though I already 
knew.

"Wow, what a story," I said.  "What was it like?  Were 
you scared?"

"It was horrible.  I don't know when I was scared 
most.  When I thought I was going to be arrested for 
shoplifting or when I was robbed and she skipped out 
with my clothes."

"God, could you have imagined if that woman made you 
do things?  What if she made you do sex things.  I 
mean she had you naked.  Did she like touch you?  Did 
she make you kiss her?"

"No, no she didn't," she begged, clearly growing 
uncomfortable with my new line of questioning.  
"Please, can I have my clothes now?"

"Oh I don't know.  Maybe I'll go find some students 
from our school and tell them you are in here doing 
sex things for strange women."

"Oh no," she cried.  "You wouldn't."

"Oh yes, I would," I said.  "But, not as long as you 
do what I want."

"What do you want?"  Her voice trembled, but she was 
no longer crying.

"I want you to take your hands and put them on top of 
your head, and then I want you to lean back and spread 
your legs."

"Please no," she begged.

"It's me or them," I said.

"Oh, God, I can't believe I'm doing this," she said, 
as she closed her eyes and obeyed me.  Her hard 
nipples were stiff and pointing and the moist pink 
folds of her sex peaked out from her nether lips.

I fished out the disposable camera and took a quick 
picture.

"What are you doing?" she squealed, covering her 
nakedness back up.

"Call it insurance," I said.  "Move your hands.  It's 
too late now.  Or do you want me to pass out copies of 
this around the school?"

"No, please don't.  I'll do what you want," she said, 
resigning herself to her fate.

"I know you will.  Now put your hands underneath you 
breasts and offer them to me.  Flash.  Good girl.  So 
shy.  Now, spread your legs.  Come on Penny.  What 
will everyone think if they see this?  Flash.  Good 
girl.  Blow me a kiss. Oh that's it.  So sexy.  Lick 
your lips for me.  That's my girl.  Now, spread your 
lips for me.  No, your lower lips.  You know the ones 
I mean.  I want to see all your naughty parts.  You 
better do it.  I'm not playing games with you.  Yeah, 
that's it.  Spread them for me.  Oh yes, hold that 
pose.  You're getting wet.  Can't hide from me.  
That's it, give me a pretty blush.   Wow, people would 
pay good money for pictures like these."

"Please stop," she whimpered.

"It's too late to stop.  You know that and I know 
that.  We've gone too far to stop," I chided.  "Now, 
tilt your hips and spread wide for me.  I want to see 
everything.  Even your dirty hole."  I snapped a few 
more pictures, and to her dismay took a few close-ups, 
before putting the camera back in my bag.  

"Don't worry Penny," I said.  "No one will ever see 
these as long as you are my special friend.  And you 
do want to be my special friend, don't you?"

"Yes . . ." she said.  She really didn't want to be my 
friend, but she *had* to.  It was the only way.

"Yes, Miss Lisa," I corrected.  Time to get this 
relationship started on the right foot.  "Now ask Miss 
Lisa if you can touch her pussy."

"I'm not like that Lis-I mean Miss Lisa," she whined.  
"I ah-like boys."  Whether she did or not was too 
fucking bad.  Dee had left me in a bad state already 
and by now I was going to cum or bust wide open.

"You ever been with a girl?" I asked.

"no. . ." she replied meekly.

"Then you don't know then, do you?" I asked, and then 
leered down at her naked and very aroused body.  "And 
I know I've aroused you.  I mean, just look at you."

Penny blushed prettily as she glanced down at her 
sordid state.  Her lean thighs pressed tightly 
together.  

I turned to leave.  "Maybe you want to take your 
chances with someone else. . ."

"Wait . . ." she said.  She looked down at her naked 
and aroused state, and then at the bag in my hand.  
She nodded her head like a scared little bunny.

"Ask me." I said.  "I want to hear you ask for it."


She hesitated, opened her mouth up to begin, but 
couldn't find the words.  She tried again.  "Uh-can I 
touch you . . . Miss Lisa.  Can I touch your . . . 
pussy?"  She said, clearly uncomfortable with saying 
Miss Lisa as well as pussy.

"Yes you may Penny," I said.  "But gently now.  Start 
at my calves and caress your way to my pussy."  God, 
it was wonderful.  I loved Taking.

Finally her fingers reached my hot sex.  Her touch was 
electric.  God, I wanted her.

"See, you've made me wet.  Isn't that wonderful?"

She nodded.  She didn't look quite as scared as she 
had before.  

"I expect you to answer yes, Miss Lisa or No, Miss 
Lisa with every question."

"Yes, Miss Lisa."

"Would you like to see it Penny?  After all, I've seen 
so much of you."

"Yes, Miss Lisa."

"Then ask me."

"Please Miss Lisa," Penny said, with her voice 
trembling.  "May I see it?   May I see your  . . . 
pussy?"

"Good, girl," I said.  "Lower my panties from beneath 
my skirt."

She obeyed mechanically and moved to raise my skirt.  
I grabbed her ear and twisted.  "Did I say you could 
see it, bitch?  Did I give you permission to look at 
my pussy?" I demanded.

"No," she yelped.  "No Miss Lisa."

"Do you think you deserve to look at my pussy you 
stupid shit?  After you let a grown woman steal your 
cloths and who knows what else?  Well, do you?"

"No Miss Lisa," she begged.  

Damn, she was crying again.  "Don't cry Penny," I 
soothed.  "Maybe there's something else you can do so 
you can still be my special friend."

She sniffed, and dried a few tears.  "What?"

"Maybe if you promised to close your eyes, I would let 
you put your head underneath my skirt and give me a 
special kiss . . . a special kiss on my special 
place."

She hesitated a moment, her face was etched with the 
battle of indecision raging within.  "Yes," she 
finally breathed.

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, I promise to close my eyes.  May I give you a 
special kiss Miss Lisa . . . on your special place."

"Oh, I think that would be wonderful . . . friend," I 
said.  "Now, close your eyes.  That's good.  And hold 
still while I put my leg on your shoulder.  Don't be 
scared now, because I'm putting my skirt down over 
your head and it might be dark.  Isn't that nice?  All 
safe, like a bug in a rug."

"Mmmpppff," she grunted.

"You don't have to talk Penny, just give Miss Lisa a 
special kiss.  Mmmmmm, that feels real nice,"  and it 
did, so soft and magical.  But I wanted more.  So much 
more.  "But Penny, I was thinking about a French kiss.  
You've given them to boys before, haven't you?  Just 
pretend that it's my mouth and you're giving your 
special friend a French kiss."

I grabbed the top of the stalls so I wouldn't fall, 
otherwise I surely would have.  The sensation of her 
kiss, the way her mouth opened and sucked at my pussy 
while her tongue delved inside of me, turned my legs 
to jelly.  

"Now stick that tongue in deep.  Pretend you want to 
tickle my tonsils with it. . . Oh!  That's it - oh 
fuck -you are gonna make me cum and I want you to lick 
up every drop," I gasped.  "Oh fuck.  Promise me.  
Ahh-promise to lick every drop."

"Yeth mith Litha," she murmered.

"Ugh, keep going bitch.  Oh fuck, suck my clit you 
little queer.  You better get used to this, because 
you're gonna be doing it a lot. Lot's of special 
kisses for your special friend.  Yeah baby, cause I 
love it.  I love your sweet mouth.  I'm going to let 
you give me special kisses all the time.  Oh  -fuck -
fuck -fuck I'm coming.  Don't stop - don't stop - oh - 
don't stop. . ."

When I came down from my orgasm, I made her close her 
eyes while I got myself back together.  "I want you to 
give me a ride home." I said.  "Give me your car 
keys."  And she did.

"Yes, Miss Lisa," she replied.  She kept looking at 
her pussy, as if to say what about me?  Well, what 
about you?  

"Oh yeah, here's the bag, the lady wanted me to give 
you."

When she saw the contents, her look of disappointment 
was intense.  "Where are my clothes?"

"That's what she gave me," I said, shrugging my 
shoulders.  I knew what it was, I picked it out 
myself.  I one piece tennis skirt I found at a hip hop 
store along the way.  It was white with three red 
stripes down the side and an Adidas logo on the front.  
It was also a few sizes too small.  "Go ahead, try it 
on.  It should be fine."

"I can't wear this," she said, looking down at her 
body.

And what a body it was became obvious when she put the 
skirt on. It did nothing to hide any of her charms.  
It was stretched so much the pink of her nipples were 
displayed through the weave of the fabric.  It went 
beyond a glove, it was a second skin.  And her dorky 
glasses made her look even more attractive.

"Lisa - I mean Miss Lisa, do you have any money at 
all.  Oh God, anything.  Let me wear your panties at 
least."

"Look, I'm not the one who lost all her clothes.  Now, 
I'm leaving and I have the keys to your car, so are we 
going or not?"

She shivered.  The fear was causing her nipples to 
point out even more.  "Yes, Miss Lisa," she said.

"Where are you parked?" I asked.

"By the front entrance Miss Lisa."

"I'll tell you what," I said.  "I'll walk behind you 
and whistle if I see you showing off your dirty bits."

"But. . ." She started, then seeing that she didn't 
have much choice in the matter, eventually nodded.  

"And I think you should thank me for my help and for 
being your special friend."

"T-thank you Miss Lisa for your help and being my 
special friend."

"You're very welcome Penny."  I gave her a peck on the 
lips which obviously startled her.  I could taste 
myself on her lips.  Not bad.  I gave her a little 
tongue, and she froze up at first but eventually 
responded to it.

We left the restroom and within fifty yards, her skirt 
had ridden up, exposing a good inch of her bottom and 
I could make out the tell-tell pubes of her mound and 
traces of moisture streaking down from her thighs.  I 
whistled and smiled as everyone turned to look at her 
struggle to pull her skirt down in the back.  God, she 
was making me hot again.  I loved the look on her face 
when she turned back to look at me imploringly.   I 
wondered if she would look at me the same way when we 
got back to her car and I rubbed her off.  Or better 
yet, I would watch while she rubbed herself off.  
Maybe even take a few more pictures . . . I had a 
several exposures left.

God, I loved Taking.  I was still pissed at Mother for 
manipulating me and not having faith in me.  It was 
obvious she expected me to fail.  Well, I had 
succeeded . . . in spades.  She had no idea how well I 
had succeeded.  Maybe she wasn't as smart as she 
thought she was.  She didn't even know I had kept most 
of the Take for myself.  I thought of her again and 
wondered if I could Take her - Take my own Mother.   
For a moment, I stopped looked at pretty Penny 
struggling to retain her modesty and glanced around me 
in the mall.  

I saw them for the first time . . .a world full of 
people. . . just waiting to be Taken.

Then End

***********

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





