BDSM Library - An Evening for Susan




An Evening for Susan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wife who forgets to make house payment is punished before her close friend in different ways.
An Evening for Susan

Chapter I - The Calm Before the Storm

Susan sat at the dining room table nursing her morning coffee, smoking a
cigarette. A smile crept across her face as she mused on the morning activities.
Her right hand drifted to her lap and her fingers pressed against her feminine
mound through her shorts. Lost in the moment she felt the flutter of excitement
run through he body again. One of the things that she and Chris really loved was
showering together. The warm water hitting their naked bodies, the tender feel
of soapy hands gliding over flesh. Ever since Susan's best friend developed
breast cancer, they had been diligent in checking for any tell tale signs. First
Chris would check Susan's ample breasts, his fingers delicately moving around
her tit, pressing, searching. Susan's eyes would close to his touch, his soapy
hands holding her titties like two ripe melons, then squeezing them together and
a final pinch of her budding nipples that would make her giggle.

Then it was Chris's turn for inspection. Susan would hold him close and cup his
balls in her hand gently probing as she looked for anything that might indicate
testicular cancer. When she was finished her soapy hands would glide up the
shaft of his cock, lingering at the head and pinching it slightly between her
fingers. Kissing, fondling, bathing titties, buns and thighs, Chris would sit on
the shower seat and eye level with Susan's plump vulva he would lather it up
with the special shaving gel and then with a new razor he would carefully shave
away the little stubble that had formed. His fingers moving her labia this way
and that, he left her as slick as the day she was born. Then it was a special
salve that he worked into her soft mound, massaging Susan's thick lips as he
grasped them between thumb and fore finger in a kind of milking motion, causing
Susan to quiver and push her sex against his touch. With both hands, he spread
the mouth of her sex wide displaying to his gaze and the spraying water, the
pink glistening inner membranes, the little bud of her clitoris and the small
hole of her urethra. The total exposure made Susan blush wildly. With his little
finger, he pressed against her little pee hole, actually managing to insert the
very tip of his finger, threatening to thrust the entire digit up the tiny
entrance to her bladder. Susan moaned as she could no longer hold back, and when
Chris removed his finger from her little hole, a gush of yellow liquid shot like
a hose from the center of her sex mouth and cascaded on Chris's chest, bathing
him in the warmth of her water that splashed down over his cock and balls. Chris
released her labia and they closed like flaps leaving only the thin line of her
womanly division, and the stream of her pee now became a spray the length of her
slice that continued to splash against his body and his rock hard shaft.

Then there would be more washing, playing.  Susan's face pressed against the
shower wall, her legs spread, her back arched, her eyes closed tightly and a low
crooning coming from her lips as Chris's fingers washed, pressed, caressed the
entry to her bottom. Susan loved anal, and Chris could make her cum and cum, the
ever-gentle touch of his fingers on the bud of her ass, his finger searching,
touching and then dipping in until two fingers slowly rhythmically slid in and
out of her ass while Susan moved with them. During all this, Chris watched as
the syrup of Susan desire fell in long strands from her parted slice to the
floor of the shower. And when she was almost exhausted from cuming, she would
turn and go to her knees, grasping his cock and balls and sliding it deep into
her mouth, her tongue swishing across the head of his prick, searching out the
little pee hole, forcing his cock deep into her throat, her lips at the root of
his shaft, and then slowly out and in again, until she felt his balls contract,
heard his heavy breathing and opening her mouth wide to accept the sperm that
erupted from his cock and shot down her throat and lay on her tongue. She drank
every drop, convinced with showing her love for him, and her desire to have him
all. She licked at the small drops that remained.

Susan's fingers had pushed the material of her shorts into her gash and her
fingers were moving up and down her slice as she remembered it all. Suddenly,
she was rocked into reality as the phone rang.




Chapter II - Punishment is the Answer

Susan immediately noted the anxiety in Chris's voice, the sense of urgency, and
butterflies ran through her body. "Chris what is it?" she asked in alarm.
"Susan, did you make the payment on the summer house last week?" he responded
with a sound of defeat in his voice. Together, they had taken a sizable loan out
on their ideal vacation house in the country. A beautiful place situated on 5
acres of land that included a small lake. The beautiful house was a dream. This
payment was crucial, because the deal they made was one that could backfire on
them and crush them. The payment had to be made on time; it was the most
important thing in the world. Susan froze in panic and she stammered almost
incoherently, "Ch-Chr-, Chris, I, I," but she couldn't get the words out. Tears
were streaming down her cheeks as she pressed the phone to her ear and heard
Chris choking back his own tears. "It's all lost, everything, we've lost it all,
the house, the land, all our furnishings." Susan was choking now on her own
sobs, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry I forgot," she sobbed quietly. The phone was dead,
and Susan sat devastated.

She called back, her voice a tiny whisper, "Chris please forgive me, I beg you,"
feeling that she was loosing everything. Chris was quiet, and then said evenly,
"It's in the past, we can't go back now, we just have to go on." Susan denoted
the little bit of hope in his voice and it gave her hope too. "I am so sorry,
Chris, I know I need to be punished, please you must." "I don't know Susan,"
Chris replied, "I just don't know what to do." Susan was pleading, "Chris I
deserve it, and it's all my fault. Please, I want us to go on from this, I need
this." she begged. "It will be punishment Susan, not pleasure," Chris said
determinedly. "I know, I agree, it must be, and I deserve it," Susan confessed
in a weak voice, knowing that if it happened, it would be hard on her, but it's
what she wanted. Chris's voice changed now, and it took on an aura of authority
and command, and it made Susan feel more reassured even as it made her shiver.
"You have arrangements to go shopping with your friend Carol tomorrow. Call her
and cancel, but be sure to tell her why you are canceling and that you are going
to be punished. Do you understand Susan? Don't lie to her, because I guarantee
that I will find out. When that is done, call me back," and the phone went dead.




Chapter III -  A Friend's Request


Susan wasted no time in calling her close friend Carol. It was difficult but she
told Carol the story and then weakly alluded to the fact that she was being
punished. Susan and Carol had been friends for almost forever, and shared most
of what happened in their lives. Once, some time ago, Susan had mention casually
that she had gotten a spanking, but when Carol showed great interest, Susan
joked it off and hoped that it would be forgotten. Carol expressed her concern
for Susan and the situation and asked her to call her soon.

"Yes," Chris said into the phone that beeped in his office. "Chris," this is
Carol," the voice replied. "Oh Carol, hello," Chris said. "Chris, Susan just
called...," "Yes, I know Carol," Chris said cutting her off, "I told her to
call. I'm sorry about tomorrow, I know how you girls enjoy getting together."
"It's alright Chris," Carol responded, "Susan, explained the situation, and I
understand how upset you must be." "Well, it's been a hell of a morning to be
sure," Chris, answered." "Chris," Carol started, "I know this is going to sound
crazy and pretty wild, but, well, gee I don't know how to phrase this," "Just
say what you feel Carol, you Susan and I have been friends for a long time.
"Well, ok, you see Chris, I would really like to witness Susan's punishment."
"Whoa," Chris said loudly, "Carol, I'm not sure you know what you are asking. In
our house, punishment takes the form of corporal punishment." "I think I know
that Chris," Carol said, "some time back Susan confided that she had been
spanked. She tried to blow it off, but it really intrigued me, and today, when
she said that she was going to be punished, I just knew that it would be rough."
"Yes, Susan's bottom is going to be roasted to well done," Chris announced.
"Please Chris," Carol pleaded; I've just got to see it. I'm not sure why, but
it's driving me wild thinking about it." "Well," Chris said leaving the phrase
unfinished, then, "Answer this question truthfully Carol, and I will consider
your request, are you wet?" Carol was taken aback by the question, and halted in
her answer and then knowing that everything hinged on what she said she replied,
"my panties are soaked Chris." He could almost feel her blush over the phone as
he instructed, "Carol if you are to be involved you must do exactly as I say, no
questions asked." Carol hesitated only briefly before she consented.

The buzzer on Chris's phone rang from his secretary, "Sir, your wife is on the
line." Chris returned to Carol. "Carol, hold on and listen," then he punched a
button and Susan was on the line. Carol was able to hear, but unable to
participate in the conversation.

"Chris," Susan said apprehensively. "Yes, I'm here Susan. Listen and do as I
say, understood?" "Yes," Susan replied seeking to do everything in her power to
put this all behind them. "Go into the bedroom and remove all your clothes,
now!" Chris instructed. There was a lull in the conversation and a few minutes
Susan was back on the line. "Ok," Susan replied. "Ok what?" Chris asked. Susan
blushed at being made to announce her situation. "I'm naked," she said over the
phone." "Bare twat naked?" Chris demanded to know. Carol listen breathing
heavily at the words being used and with her right hand she squeezed her sopping
crotch. "Yes," Susan said. "Yes what? Young lady, Chris chided making her say
the words he wanted to hear, "I'm bare twat naked," Susan blurted out, her face
turning red in embarrassment, even just between he husband and herself.

"Open the bottom drawer of the bureau," Chris ordered and Susan complied. She
found a sack and when opening it gasped in surprise. It was the biggest butt
plug she had ever seen. "Do you have what I think you should have in your hand?"
Chris asked. "I think so," Susan stammered. "What is it?" Chris demanded. "I
think it's a butt plug," Susan replied. "Exactly," Chris confirmed. Susan looked
at the plug and gulped. The plug was huge, and she couldn't imagine an asshole
that could take it. And not only that it was covered with little spiked bumps
that surely would wreak havoc on the interior of anyones tender ass. Chris
instructed Susan to coat it with the KY jelly that was also in the drawer and
after she had done so, he told her, "Now get it up your ass girl." Susan
shivered at the explicitness of his words. "Chris, I don't know, it looks so
big." "Susan, you just better do as I say, and describe it all," Chris demanded.
Carol was listening intently as was Chris as Susan proceeded. "I'm spreading my
cheeks, OOOHHHHHH it's so big, AAAAHHHHHHH, it's half way up, UUUGGGHHHHHH, fuck
those points are scraping my ass walls. AARRRREEGGGGUUU, it's up, it's in all
the way Chris," Susan announced breathing quickly. Carol, listening, jammed two
fingers deep into her cunt and against her clit. "Alright, then put on the thong
panties to keep it in place, and leave it until I call you back," Chris
instructed. Susan put down the phone, donned the panties and began to walk with
the plug moving in her ass. It wasn't painful, but terribly uncomfortable, and
the pointed knobs on the beast were constantly chafing her asshole chute.

Chris punched a button, "Carol, I'll pick you up on the way home, be ready," he
said.




Chapter IV - More Preparations

With the plug securely embedded, Susan felt full and stretched wide.
Unfortunately, she had things to do, and could not just sit or lie, but had to
move about, and that made the plug move and gyrate within her, causing all kinds
of sensations. As she went about her duties, she reflected on her situation.
Discipline had always been a very dominant part of their relationship. Susan
knew that discipline took two forms; one was punishment and the other erotic.
Punishment was delivered rapidly and forcefully, with no attention to the sexy
or the sensual. It was of a much shorter duration and the focus was on pain and
correction. Contrasting punishment discipline was erotic discipline. It was
administered slowly with and emphasis on excitement and arousal. It might hurt
or sting briefly, and sometimes even longer, but it was accompanied with intense
feelings and sensations of pleasure, and almost always ended in orgasm.

Susan knew that when Chris arrived home, she was due for some intense
punishment. Her stomach turned at the thought, but she also felt guilty about
forgetting the payment and what that lapse of attention had cost, and she wanted
the punishment as a kind of deliverance and redemption. Never the less, she
dreaded what was to come. She felt fairly certain that she would be dealt a
stern lecture and then an old fashioned spanking. She had lived with Chris long
enough to know that he considered the blistering of a woman's bottom to be the
most appropriate "punishment." It also affected Susan psyche, as it caused a
mature woman to break down and revert to the feelings of being just a naughty
child who needed to be taught a lesson. As she went about her chores, Susan knew
that her bottom cheeks were going to need some tending to for the next few days,
but she was also aware of how her cheeks were widely separated at the moment,
and she was somewhat perplexed by Chris's orders. The butt plug, while it chafed
and made her bottom sore, was not punishment; it was erotic discipline, and one
that pushed Susan's buttons big time. She knew that, and so did Chris, so why
had he ordered her to do something that would bring her pleasure? And, she
certainly was receiving pleasure from the plug up her ass. The small crotch of
Susan thong was soaking wet with her juices. Reaching down, she immodestly
pushed her labia apart so that the tight strip slid into her gap and pressed
against her engorged clitoris, which found great pleasure at the friction
against the wet material. At the same time, Susan felt guilty at enjoying
herself when she should be feeling bad for all that had happened. It was indeed
mixed feeling that assailed her at the moment.

After about an hour and half of the butt plug riding within her like a spiked
dildo, the phone rang and it was Chris again. "How is your ass feeling Susan?"
Chris inquired. "It's sore and raw," she replied. "I hope you're not enjoying
this," he said sarcastically. Susan blushed and kept quiet. "Ok, back into the
bedroom Susan," he ordered and when she was there he instructed her to remove
her thong and the plug, which left her feeling empty. A gust of air seemed to
enter her and cool the raw inner lining of her bottom tunnel. "Now get the
medium size plug Susan, and coat it with KY," he instructed. Susan followed his
orders, taking the large plug that was smooth and pointed and smearing the jelly
on it, know that it would take the place of the larger plug. "In the drawer you
will find a can of cayenne pepper Susan. Now liberally sprinkle the pepper over
the entire head of the plug. "Oh please Chris, it's going to burn, my ass is all
chafed from the other," Susan wailed. "Do as you are told young lady and spread
your cheeks and get it up there. Susan put down the phone and proceeded to
comply with Chris's orders. Over the phone Chris could hear Susan grunting and
then squealing as the plug contacted the bruised walls of her rectum. With her
right hand she held the plug in place, and with the other picked up the phone
and said, "Ok Chris, it's in, and it hurts." The burn was just starting as the
cayenne pepper began to work. "Run in place," Chris demanded, and Susan pressing
the plug with her hand lifted her legs and began to run. The result was
dramatic, the plug like a piston in her ass, massaging the pepper deep into the
chafed lining. After a few seconds, Susan began to perspire and Chris heard her
hollering over the phone, "AAAAIIEEEEE, IT BURNSS, MY ASSS IS ON FIRREEEE!!" she
wailed. "One half hour Susan, and then I'll call back, and," he said with
emphasis, "KEEP YOUR HANDS AWAY FROM YOUR TWAT." Susan stopped running and began
to squirm as she held the plug in place. Her bottom truly was on fire as the
pepper lit a bonfire deep inside her. But at the same time, and she knew not how
or why it happened, she was so enormously aroused, and her pussy dripped like a
faucet. Sexual arousal attacked her body and her nipples became rigid. She
longed to furiously frig her erect clit, but she was under orders not to touch
her pussy, and she was trying her best to comply. Finally, she could no longer
control her desire, and she moved to the bedpost. Chris had ordered her not to
touch her twat, but that didn't necessarily mean it couldn't be touched by
something else. Her clit wouldn't be appeased. Her right hand still pressing the
plug, she bent her legs and pushed her sopping snatch hard against the post. Her
labia, swollen with desire, split and Susan jammed the wood hard against her
little man, screaming at the pleasure that gripped her. Then she lost all
composure and bending, then pushing up, she rubbed her gash up and down on the
wood until orgasm flooded through her.

Did she collapse did she lose consciousness? She wasn't sure, but the plug was
still in her ass, and it was still hot from the pepper when the phone rang a
half hour later.

Susan tried to focus on Chris's call, but she was in a daze from the intensity
of her orgasm. The bedpost was covered with her cum. "Susan, pay attention,"
Chris admonished her," and she did her best, "yes Chris." "Alright here are your
instructions: removed the plug from your ass (it slid from her leaving her
little hole still open and slowly closing back) now I want you to administer a
salt water enema. You are to hold the water for 20 minutes before expelling.
When that is done you will give yourself a warm milk and molasses enema, again
holding it in for 20 minutes. I want the straps laid out on the dinning room
table, and you standing in the corner of our bedroom naked when I come home. Is
that understood?" he asked. "Yes Chris," Susan replied, "but which strap did you
want?" "ALL THREE!" he almost shouted into the phone. Susan's stomach turned and
she grimaced and bit her lower lip. 'All three of the straps' suddenly had her
wide-awake. That meant the razor strap, which burned like a hot frying pan. And
then the leather three-inch wide strap, which was meant for only two parts of
her body, her tender boobs and the plump fat of her pussy mound.  And finally,
the groove strap, a wicked leather strap that resembled a radiator belt on a
car. Susan's lip quivered in anticipation of a strap that could cut like a knife
into both the groove of her ass and the groove of her precious cunt. Trying to
force the horrible images out of her mind, Susan set about her enema cleansing.
She knew that Chris was aware of her deep excitement from things "anal" and
especially enema's, and so he couldn't not know that the two enemas would also
come with two orgasms. "Oh my god, what is he doing," Susan thought.




Chapter V - It's Punishment Time

Chris was well aware of what he was doing. He knew that Susan's punishment would
be severe, and he knew that having spent the day having several orgasms would
calm her down tremendously and make it easer for her to accept the ass
blistering she was going to get. He also had some post spanking plans that would
help her out of the rump-roasting ordeal.

Before leaving Carol's driveway, Chris once again quizzed her about her
willingness to do all that he asked. Carol was almost beside herself in
anticipation. She had never been so excited, so much so that she was shaking
like a leaf. She had tried eating something, but it wouldn't stay down. Is it
possible for a woman's vagina to clench and unclench on it's own? It sure felt
that way to Carol. Chris tried to calm her down by asking about her interest.
She confessed that she had been deeply intrigued and excited with spanking and
discipline for many years, but had never done anything about it or even knew
how, but had fantasized often about spanking situations. She told Chris of an
incident that happened when she was a senior in High School. She was visiting
her girlfriend, and witnessed the girl's younger sister getting paddle by her
mother. Carol said it wasn't at all erotic (in the normal sense) the girl got it
fast and on the seat of her shorts and screamed like a hyena, but Carol said it
drove her wild and she masturbated many times to the image of that day. Chris
asked if Carol had a desire to be spanked, and she said that she didn't think
so, but giving a spanking was another thing and drove her crazy with desire.
Chris thought that was as shame as he looked over at the fairly attractive 45
year old seated next to him. She had huge boobs, which were obviously enhanced
and stood full upon her chest, nipples visible beneath her summer dress. Chris
had a sudden fantasy of how delicious it would be to take a ruler to those
globes until they danced like crazy on her chest. Ah too bad he thought. His
gaze traveled down to her slender waist and the small bottom, which caused her
boobs to look even bigger. Her legs were nice too, and he noticed that she
wasn't wearing stockings. Probably just panties underneath, he mused as they
pulled into the driveway of his and Susan's home.

Once inside the house, Chris motioned Carol to the leather sofa, and she sat,
crossing one leg over the other. Chris took off his tie, and placed his coat on
the chair. He went into the kitchen and returned with two glasses of white wine.
Handing one to Carol he told her to relax, and she was grateful for the wine. He
walked over to the dining room table and found the three straps laid out exactly
as he had ordered, then going to the hall he called out, "Susan, come to the
living room."

Hearing Chris call her, Susan's whole body trembled in anticipation of what lay
ahead. She knew the drill, having done it many times. Hands on the back of your
neck, walk erect with dignity. She left the bedroom and entered the living room.
Chris was sitting in his usual chair and she approached. At first Susan didn't
notice the figure sitting on the sofa, but then she gasped the sight and her
eyes widen in surprise and a combination of fear and embarrassment. "Carol," she
screamed, her hands and arms flying in all directions to cover her nakedness.
She turned to run from the room, but halted immediately with Chris's command,
"STOP RIGHT WHERE YOU ARE YOUNG LADY," and Susan blushed in horror at his words.
"Get back here right now," he ordered and Susan's mind fought to obey against
the desire to run from her shame. She turned and faced Chris, unable to bear
looking at her friend Carol. Her left arm covering her breasts, and her right
hand hoping to shield the nakedness of her sex, she shivered in embarrassment.
"What is she doing here," Susan wined in a low whisper, a tear falling from her
eye. "Well, I thought that since you are unable to keep your engagement for
tomorrow, that she ought to share in your punishment," Chris announced. Susan
bowed her head in shame. Carol for her part was flushed in sexual excitement at
seeing her friend so displayed. Chris order Susan, "put your hands to your sides
and stand up straight Susan, I don't think you are hiding anything Carol is not
fully acquainted with," he chided, and Susan blushed scarlet. To further her
humiliation, Chris turned to Carol and said, "Certainly you've seen titties and
pussy before haven't you Carol? Carol on her part, played into the game, and
announced, "Why yes, I believe I have, in fact I'm quite well acquainted with
the two features. Susan dropped her hands and stood erect, her breasts full on
her chest, the nipples pointing out stiffly, the swell of her vulva a pouch
between her legs, and the division of her cleft pronounced and strikingly
visible and alluring. Both Chris and Carol drank in Susan's deliciously naked
body, but for much different reasons.

Chris adored Susan's body, and loved looking at her when she was naked. He
watched often as she moved about the house, reaching, twisting, bending and
everyday movements, which cast the features of her body in different lights. He
loved her succulent breasts, their pointy nipples, so tasty and so sensitive,
the flair of her hips and the swell and curve of her bottom cheeks. He loved
looking at her vulva, and felt he could do so for hours. Her skin was so soft
and silky there, and the way that her mound jutted out between her thighs, the
gentle fold of her labia, so thick and tender pressed together protecting the
entry into her. Shaved and completely bald the seam of her division was
deliciously portrayed. Susan never ceased to blush as his eyes made love to her.
Her cheeks were rosy as she cast down her gaze from his eyes. But her blush this
time was one of embarrassment as well, for not only could she feel his eyes
parting her slit, but the eyes of that of her fiend Carol as well. She had never
been naked in front of Carol before, although she had seen Carol naked. They had
plans to go somewhere, and Susan had arrived early and Carol met her at the door
wearing only a bath towel. As they talked, Carol seemed unconcerned with her
nudity as she continued with her preparations. Susan had blushed and turned her
eyes aside when Carol's large breasts were revealed. Carol even seemed to be
taunting Susan, as she turned and spoke making sure that Susan could see her
patch of pubic hair and thick fig beneath. It was then that Susan came to
realize that her friend just might be a lesbian. Susan put two and two together
and was surprised that she hadn't figured it out before.

Now standing totally naked before her friend, Susan could feel Carol's eyes on
every inch of her body. Where Susan had turned her eyes from Carol's naked body,
Carol on the other hand made no pretense of doing so, but eagerly looked and
stared, even bending forward slightly to get a better look between Susan's legs.
Chris didn't fail to notice.

Chris began with a long lecture about Susan's forgetfulness, and all that the
current event had caused them. Susan kept her head bowed, fidgeting and biting
her lower lip as the scolding continued. He brought out all her bad behavior and
Susan winced that her good friend was privy to things that she was horribly
ashamed of. "I would have thought with all the spankings you have received girl,
that you would have learned a thing or two," he stated, and Susan cringed at his
words, no longer a self possessed woman and wife, but feeling very much the
naughty teenager being scolded and about to be spanked for her misdeeds. "Go to
the table and bring me the razor strap," Chris ordered. Susan's lower lip began
to quiver and she turned and went to the table, knowing that the moment of
punishment had come. She returned and handed the strap to Chris who had risen
from his chair. "Do you deserve this Susan?" he asked, and in a low whisper,
with her eyes lowered she said, "yes." Chris moved to Susan's right side and his
left hand grasped her left upper arm tightly. He moved her to where she stood
only three feet away facing Carol. Chris then bent and kissed Susan's left cheek
and raised the strap in the air.

A deafen crack filled the room as the strap came down and then up connecting
with the swell of Susan's naked bottom. The crack, which sounded like a
firecracker, was that of leather striking bare skin. Susan's whole body tensed
and her buns contracted against the fury of the strap and she pushed her pelvis
forward and struggled in Chris's grasp. The initial fire made her eyes wide as
saucers and her head shot up, her mouth opening in anticipation of the howl that
was coming from the very depth of her being. But before she could scream, the
strap cracked furiously five more times on her bare cheeks. Chris was wailing
away with only her bottom as the target, and the tongue of the vicious razor
strap tore at one cheek and then the other and then right across the crease of
her ass. Susan shrieked as if she was being murdered. As her howls and wails
filled the room, the strap continued to ascend and descend at a rate that made
the leather seem a blur in the air. At what point she broke, it's impossible to
know. Was it the 15th stroke or the 27th? It was impossible to tell, but there
was that moment when Susan lost all composure and went wild as her bottom cheeks
were burnt to a crisp. It was impossible to escape from Chris's vice like grip
of her upper arm, but she jumped, danced, tried to fall, run, kicked and tried
to get away with every fiber of her being. The strap scalded her and with all
her struggles and kicks, the strap tore at places she would rather not have
touched. Several times the strap caught her right leg, her outer thigh, and no
fewer times did the strap stray between kicking legs and stripe her inner
thighs, and the very tip of the strap rip at the bottom of her feminine slice,
which Susan announced with a high pitched squeal that made Carol squirm on her
seat. As it continued Susan's eyes were flooded with tears, which ran down her
face like a river, her nose was running and her mouth wide with blaring screams
and howls at the top of her lungs. If every punishment spanking she ever
received could be combined into one, this would be it. When the strap was
finally silenced Susan's bottom cheeks were scarlet and welts cris-crossed the
entire of her ass and lower thighs. Even after the strap and had stopped
blistering her, Susan continued to think that she was being spanked, so much did
it burn. Chris released Susan, and she went into her spanking dance, bawling and
howling and blubbering like a four year old. There was no thought of
embarrassment for her exposed titties, that bounced on her chest like a she was
an exotic dancer, or the stripe of her split vulva that she flashed to every
part of the room. Susan was lost to the horrible burning of her bottom cheeks
and all that entailed.




Chapter VI - Carol's Lesson Continues

Chris cast a glance at Carol who sat transfixed with the scene, her hand buried
between her legs. She later told Susan, that she was convinced that during the
spanking she could see Susan's twat mouth opening and closing in silent screams.
Or could it have just been wishful thinking?

After a good five minutes of ear splitting howls from the spanked girl, Chris
was able to approach Susan and engulf her in his arms. She buried her face in
his shoulder and sobbed uncontrollably.


When Susan's sobs had subsided somewhat, Chris directed her over to the corner
and told her to stand there. She was still crying at the pain in her bottom and
her hands were lightly trying to rub at the hurt, touching her buns as if they
were gold, and emitting little yelps as she contacted a welt or two.

Chris tuned towards the sofa and Carol. She was sitting with her legs pressed
tightly together, and a look of pain on her face. "What is it Carol," he asked
noting her expression. Carol couldn't look at him, and cast her eyes downward,
"I, I, I," she stammered, "I had an accident." Chris smiled widely and chuckled,
"You peed in your panties?" he said. Carol blushed crimson. "Stay right there,
don't move," Chris instructed, and he left the room only to return a moment
later with a towel that he handed to the embarrassed woman. "It's leather, it
won't stain," he said and then, "I was thinking that Susan is a bit embarrassed
and nervous being naked in front of you anyway. It would help if you were naked
too, take off your clothes." "Chris, I can't, not in front of you," Carol
squirmed, trying to dry the area around where she sat. "Oh you can Carol, and
you will, remember our agreement," Chris said in no uncertain terms, "Now get
the dress over your head and lose the bra and panties," he demanded. Carol
blushed again at the explicitness of his words and standing, drew the summer
dress over her head and off. Her bra and panties were a matching set, and she
reached behind her back and released the snap, letting her enormous boobs flop
on her chest. "Your panties are pretty soaked anyway," Chris chided as Carol
bent to push them over her hips and down her legs. "Be careful not to let any of
your piss get on the rug," Chris said, and Carol used the towel to wrap her
panties in. "You better pat dry your snatch too Carol," Chris said, "or is that
twat juice that you made when Susan got blistered?" he asked. Carol ran the
towel over her thatch of dark pubic hair feeling ashamed to look at him. Carol
was really quite introverted despite her interest in domination, and the words
that Chris used, both shamed her with their explicitness and at the same time
aroused some hidden desire in her. Everything was new to her tonight. She handed
the wet towel to Chris and sat back down. After putting the towel in the hamper
Chris returned to the living room and Carol who was sitting with her legs
together and her arm covering as much of her boobs as possible and certainly her
stiff nipples. "Carol, you have some beautiful boobs, you shouldn't hide them,
put your hand down," Chris told her, and reluctantly she did so. "I complemented
you on your tits and you don't say anything," Chris played with her. "Thank
you," Carol said softly. "Hold them up for me," Chris ordered. "Chris I really
shouldn't be doing this, please," she pleaded. "Oh I don't know Carol, you
probably would like it if Susan was doing this to you, but anyway, look over
there," and Chris pointed towards Susan and her swollen red bottom. Carols eyes
enveloped Susan's scalded rear end, and Chris said, "Would you like for me to
paint your bottom that color Carol?" Chris asked. "NOOOOO!!" Carol returned
loudly. "Then you should be most happy to show me your boobs, right?" he said.
"Yes, I am," the woman said quickly afraid of what the strap might do to her
virgin cheeks. Carol put her hands under her large boobs and lifted them up for
Chris to inspect. "Lovely," he responded, and Carol was quick to reply, "Thank
you." "Now let's see your pussy Carol? Chris demanded, "Susan told me some time
back that you enjoy showing it." Carol's face turned crimson at the knowledge
that Susan had confided such a personal revelation. "Spread your legs Carol,"
Chris said smiling, and the woman parted them, "father," he instructed and Carol
obeyed. "Scoot a little forward, and push your snatch up," Chris said
embarrassing the shy woman with his words. Carol did as she was told, and Chris
studied her most private part. "That's quite a little forest you have Carol. If
you lived in this house, you could say good by to all that fur," he noted. "Yes,
I noticed," Carol, replied in reference to Susan bald pussy mound. Chris got
closer to see the fig Carol exposed beneath her fur. Her pussy was distinctly
different than Susan's in appearance. Hmmm, he thought to himself, all pussies
are not alike. Where Susan's mound was plump and her labia thick and pressed
together revealing a 5 inch slit down the middle, Carol's vulva was shaped more
like a clam jutting out from the center between her thighs. Her inner lips
protruded and were thin in appearance. It would be easy to clamp your entire
hand around her sex and hold it all at once, even clamping it tightly so that
the inner lips pushed out even more. "Open your snatch," Chris ordered, and a
very red faced Carol, reached between her legs and with her fingers pulled her
labia aside so that Chris could look directly into Carol's cunt. It was darker
than Susan's, the membranes rippling. Carol was slick with excitement and white
mucus was glistening from the folds of her inner twat. Chris much preferred
Susan's lovely pouch to Carol's fig, but he didn't voice the thought, instead he
said, "That's a very succulent looking pussy Carol, very nice indeed." Then he
stood and announced. "Susan shall we continue." Susan turned from the corner and
came to him.

Susan was grateful for the cold washcloth Chris handed to her. She let the damp
cloth wash her face. Her eyes were red from crying. Looking at Chris, she didn't
need to speak to be understood. Chris said, "Yes, go ahead," and Susan pressed
the cool cloth to her still hot bottom cheeks. The little bit of soothing helped
a great deal. As she did so, Chris spoke. "It seems Susan, that your friend
Carol has a secret desire to be a dominatrix. I believe that she got a great
deal of excitement out of your little spanking," he said looking over at Carol.
"Little Spanking," Susan thought to herself, "it was anything but little."
"Isn't that right Carol?" Chris asked, "You enjoyed Susan getting her ass
blistered, didn't you? "Carol looked up, her large titties heaving on her chest
and said clearly, "Yes, very much." "In fact, you would like to spank Susan
wouldn't you?" Chris asked. "Yes," Carol said, avoiding Susan's eyes. "Well
maybe some day you will have the opportunity," Chris advised, "but you have a
great deal to more to learn before you can begin to call yourself a dom. And, I
was thinking that perhaps if you pay close attention, Susan and I would be happy
to teach you a thing or two," Chris continued turning towards Susan, "Would you
get the middle strap on the table Susan," he instructed. Susan turned once again
showing her swollen bottom to the two of them and went to the dining room table
and returned with the next strap. About 16 inches in length and three inches
wide, the leather was stiff but pliable, the end of the strap had rounded
corners. She handed it to Chris who in turn gave it to Carol. "Feel it Carol,
test it's weight, if you want slap it on your hand a bit." Carol looked with
great interested at the strap, her fingers massaging the slick leather, her
breathing getting heaver with the images that were running through her mind. She
couldn't believe that Chris was going to strap Susan's bottom again, it was
already punished badly, any more and he would break the skin. Carol found the
whole scene tantalizing and terribly exciting, but maybe she was in over her
head, she wondered.




Chapter VII -  Things move Upwards

Chris smiled as he surmised that Carol had no idea what the strap was for.
Turning to Susan he said, "Explain to Carol the purpose of the strap Susan,"
Chris instructed. After all that she had been through, Susan still was able to
blush scarlet as she gulped with the order. It was one thing to be naked and
have your bottom spanked in front of another person. That was horrible enough,
but to have to describe what you are going to receive, the discipline that is
meted out, well that was really hard, but she did her best. Not able to look
Carol directly in the eyes, she said, "This strap is for having one's titties
spanked," she choked out. Carol's eyes widen in disbelief. Chris said to Susan,
"one's?" And Susan quickly corrected herself, "my titties." "Titties, you mean
you're going to strap her boobies," Carol said half excitedly and half
fearfully. "Carol you've so much to learn if you are going to be a
disciplinarian," Chris said, "No discipline session of a naughty girl is
complete without a good tittie whipping, and as severe as it might sound to you
these globes that you girls are endowed with, when administered correctly, can
take a good blistering." Taking the strap from her hands, Chris continued,
"Would you like to find out?" "Oh NO, NO," Carol yelled both hands instantly
covering her large titties. "You're going to have to have your titties whipped
someday if you really want to make another girls boobs dance, other wise you
won't know how severe, severe can be," Chris said, "but I realize all this is
new to you and so, we'll go easy and let Susan demonstrate." "Arms behind your
back young lady," Chris told Susan. She did so, pushing her shoulders back, and
straightening up so that her boobs rose on her chest. A second later the tip of
the strap stung her left tittie just below the nipple. Susan let out an audible
gasp. Chris reached forward and cupped her breast massaging the part that head
been stung, he then stepped back and with his backhand he made her right tittie
leap up, and then fall back down on her chest. Again, he massaged the stripe
that was forming. Susan smiled inwardly with the knowledge of what was
happening. Chris was an expert at this kind of discipline, and he was able to
kiss her boobs and make it look and sound like he was in the midst of tearing
them from her body. But, Susan realized that her punishment was over with the
scalding of her bottom, that the tittie whipping and all that would come would
be erotic discipline. Yes, it was sting, but it would be delivered slowly, with
touching as well, and as her nether regions would already attest, she was
getting wet from arousal. To the uninitiated novice, it appeared that Chris was
giving Susan a good tittie whipping, but in reality he wasn't hitting her half
as hard as he had previously. Susan knew that Carol had no idea, and so she
decided to give her friend a show she wouldn't forget. Susan was a pretty good
little actress herself. "OWWWIEEEE MY BOOBBBIEEESSS!!," Susan screamed, jumping
up and down, hands grabbing madly at her delicious globes. "GET YOUR HANDS OFF
YOUR TITS YOUNG LADY," Chris ordered, and Susan complied, bring her arms to the
side, tensed, stretched, fingers wide in a gesture of anxiety. She bent her
chest slightly forward, her luscious mounds of meat hanging. Chris fired off two
good crackers that caught each mound and made them dance on Susan's body.
"AAAAIEEEEEE," Susan screeched, "STOP STOP CHRIS, MY BOOBIES ARE ON FIRE, THEY
BURN," she shrieked. Casting a glance over at Carol, Susan saw that her friend
had spread her legs and her hand was frantically at work grabbing her twat as
she enjoyed seeing Susan get her boobs tortured. Even the slightest of strokes
would of necessity leave a pink swatch on such fair a complexion, and Susan's
breasts were no exception, they were streaked with bright pink patches. Chris
was quick about landing two more strokes, this time the tip of the strap
catching the sensitive little meaty nipples. Susan howled, "OHHH SHITTTTT MY
NIPPLES YOU'RE GOING TO TEAR THEM OFF," she wailed as her hands could no longer
be silent, and they flew to her little buds and grabbed as they stung like
crazy. Chris allowed Susan to bounce around crying about her boob spanking and
massaging her tits unabashedly. He caught a glimpse of glistening between her
legs and smiled to himself, "and the Academy Award goes to Susan," he mused.

As Susan calmed down, Carol made the statement, "Shit, Susan's tits must be raw,
does it hurt much?" she asked Susan who was busy shamelessly rubbing her boobs.
"It's like my boobs were laid in a searing hot frying pan," Susan replied
smiling deep within. "But as you can see Carol," Chris said, taking hold of one
of Susan's stiff little nipples, "There is no real damage done to Susan's
beautiful melons.




Chapter VIII - No! Not There


But enough about titties," Chris announce, "I think we've got other things to
fry. Susan, I believe that this strap has another function as well, why don't
you tell Carol what it is." Susan again blushed with her assignment. "Well," she
said reluctantly, "it's also for spanking my pussy." "WHAT!!!" Carol screamed in
absolute surprise. "You can't be serious, that's dangerous isn't it?" she asked.
"Yes, it can be if not done correctly Carol. Here come closer," Chris said as he
guided Susan in front of the woman who was incredulous with all that was taking
place. Carol leaned forward to where her face was about two feet away from
Susan's bulging pussy pouch. Pressing his fingers against Susan's thick labia he
said, "You see Carol, most of the vulva is fatty tissue," and he cupped and
pinched the lips together lightly, "even up higher," and his finger moved above
Susan's slit, "there is a nice pad that will sting beautifully." "Of course,
there is this pubic bone," and he moved his fingers against it, "and you have to
be careful to stay away from it," but other than that, with the proper
experience, this delicate, sensitive portion of a woman's anatomy can be made to
burn delightfully." Carol just stared unbelieving. "But, when strapping a
woman's vulva," and he traced his fingers lightly on Susan's lips from the top
of her slit to the bottom, "the emphasis needs to be on sting, and not on
hitting hard." "Well, I guess I have a great deal to learn," Carol replied
shaking her head. "Carol, the first time you apply the strap between a girls
legs, will be a memorable experience for both you and the girl. It is a highly
charged erotic experience for you as well as the recipient. "You mean she can
actually find pleasure in this," Carol questioned. "I'll let Susan answer that,"
Chris said turning towards her. Although embarrassed with such intimate talk
Susan complied, "Yes Carol, pain and pleasure can come together in a way that is
highly exciting. If you pay close attention to when the strap cuts my labia,
you'll notice that my singing takes on a much different tone. If you have an
opportunity to spank a girls naked bottom sometime, make it a point that when
she is kicking, to get a slap in between on her bare vulva, and notice how her
cry will change dramatically. The proper sting will light a fire within, and we
know what's in there, don't we Carol." Carol blushed scarlet.

"This is a very important part of a discipline session Carol. It's a
transitional moment when punishment begins to be fused with pleasure. And that's
true with the tittie spanking as well," Chris instructed. "It's really important
for you to understand this Carol, if you are serious about becoming a
disciplinarian of woman." "I am serious, this is one of the most exciting things
I have ever experienced," Carol said firmly. "Then you must understand it at
it's core, stand up," Chris ordered. Carol complied, coming to her feet in front
of the sofa. "Legs apart Carol," Chris told her. "Chris, I can't," Carol said
fearfully, her hand covering her mound. "The sooner you know this the better
Carol, of course I can always tie you, but that might make it worse for you."
"No please don't tie me, I'll do as you say," and the woman parted her legs
about a foot and dropped her hand from in front of her pubic hair. "Legs further
apart girl," Chris demanded, "and present your snatch," Carol wasn't quite sure
what that meant, as she separated her legs a good three feet apart. "Susan, I
think Carol might need a little help in presentation," Chris said, and Susan
took over. "With your legs apart Carol, bend your knees slightly, and suck in
your butt cheeks, pushing your pelvis forward, and your pussy up and out," Susan
instructed, taking the position. Carol followed Susan's direction and then began
to plead, "Really, I don't know about this, I'm afraid," she stammered, but
before she could finish her statement, Chris took stock of the situation, and
with Carol in such a position he could clearly seen her clam jutting out beneath
the wispy hair, and the strap whipped out and up and a full 4 inches of the
leather molding to Carols naked twat and then snapping off. The response was
electric. Carol jumped two feet in the air as if doing a jumping jack and her
hands flew to her blazing lips. "YOWWWIEEEEEEEEE!!" the whipped woman howled in
a high pierce wail. When she hit the floor, she almost bent double as her hands
grabbed the injured meat and she pressed her legs together frantically against
the sting. Chris took the opportunity of Carol's position to flick two menacing
stripes on her extremely large boobs, one for each, licking at her large
areolas. "IIIIEEEEEEEE, NOOOOOO," Carol screamed bolting upright as her hands
and fingers rubbed madly at the burning nips.

"OHHHH THAT HURTS AND BURNS," Carol squealed as her hand immodestly grabbed and
rubbed her meaty twat. With her inner lips protruding from her slice, the strap
had tore into them and stung them with fury. Carol pulled at the thin lips
rubbing at the burn and stretching the inner labia a good two inches out from
her twat mouth. Both Chris and Susan found the display extremely exciting and
while Susan rubbed her own labia, Chris's hand pushed against his rock hard
cock. "Now you have an idea of what Susan is going to be feeling in just a few
seconds," Chris said to Carol who had one hand at her pussy and the other trying
to assuage the bite on her striped globes. "Shit, I've never felt anything like
that in my life," Carol said, "Is my cunt bleeding?" she asked. "Absolutely
not," Chris laughed. "In a minute or two, you'll be feeling another kind of
heat," Susan told her friend.

"When strapping a woman's pussy mound," Chris continued with the lecture, "there
are any numbers of positions to put the girl in," he said. "You've already seen
one, and it isn't necessarily the best, but it is very suggestive and quite
embarrassing for any woman, for it draws all attention to her twat mouth. As
Susan can tell you later, I have blistered her twat in a number of ways, but for
today I want her in a lying position on her side," Chris explained, motioning
Susan to the sofa and having her lay on her left side, her face towards the back
of the sofa. Lifting her right leg, he positioned her ankle on the top of the
back of the sofa. In this position, with her legs just slightly parted, Susan's
very lovely vulva was plump between her legs, her thick pussy lips readily
available, and the beautiful line of her slice fully visible. "Now Carol, if you
will stop masturbating for a moment, and come here, we'll continue," he said.
Carol's fingers reluctantly left her pussy which had now become quite heated
with sexual excitement and without stopping to think of her actions, she lifted
her fingers to her mouth and licked her own juices from them as Chris smiled.

Reaching between Susan's thighs Chris gently touched the soft skin of Susan's
pussy, his fingers gliding over the swell and finding the folds and the slope of
her slit. His hand felt delicious to Susan, and she sighed, just before the
tender touch turned to a scorching searing sting. The strap swished through the
air and as Carol watched, her eyes as wide as saucers, the strap caught Susan
directly over her slit, the leather burning both of the tender lips. Susan
pitched a high piercing scream as her tender pussy mound was spanked. She was
barely able to keep her legs open and she clawed at the sofa, trying to hold on
as she bucked her hips to and fro as if she was searching for some imaginary
cock to split her division. "OH DAMM THAT STINGS," she wailed aloud. A lovely
rosy hue was beginning to color both lips. Chris's fingers were massaging the
sting into her meat as he spoke, "You'll learn Carol, that it's not necessary to
use many strokes to get the desired affect. I'm sure you can't tell me how many
times the razor strap blistered Susan cheeks, but it was plenty, that isn't
necessary when dealing with the pouch." The strap struck again, and a loud
"CRACK" echoed through the room as the leather kissed Susan's twat lips for a
second time, and Susan threw her head back and told the heavens how much her
feminine slice hurt. As Susan danced her rosy colored puffy mound in the air,
Chris turned to Carol, "Observe closely Carol, it's not all just pain," and he
captured the swollen little split peach and his finger pinched the lips apart
and a drizzle of warm juice spilled out. Catching her nectar with his fingers,
he scooped as much from her slit as possible and then with his fingers covered
her entire vulva. The glistening heightened the color and it looked almost
cherry red. "Notice what a little wetness will accomplish Carol," he said and as
she drew closer the strap again found it's mark on Susan swollen vulva and she
sang out with the burn. "AAAAIIEEEEEEEEEE!!!," she shrieked.

As Susan withered under the heat and the pleasure of her pussy spanking, Carol
spoke tentatively, "Chris, please could I...?" she hesitated not sure about what
she was asking. "Could you what Carol?" Chris asked already knowing the answer.
"Could I try the strap?" she replied, the excitement evident in her words. Chris
turned towards Carol and answered, "I'm sorry Carol, but no you can't," he
stated firmly, then, "let me explain, it's for two reasons. First and foremost,
you are not experienced enough yet and you might inadvertently hurt Susan, and I
could never allow that to happen. Secondly, in my home no one is allowed to
discipline Susan except me. I know that you and Susan have been friends for a
long time, and I hope that your friendship will continue, and if between you and
Susan, you want to enter into some kind of spanking arrangement, that is fine
with me, but it must be between the two of you, and I'll leave it at that. I'm
sorry to disappoint you Carol," Chris said, reaching out and caressing Carol's
tittie in the palm of his hand. "I understand Chris, I would never want to hurt
Susan either, and it's just that all this has made me so excited," Carol said.
"Don't worry Carol," Chris said reassuringly, "if you really want this, someday
you'll have a beautiful naked woman leaping three feet in the air, her eyes
bulging, her boobs dancing on her chest and a fire burning out of control
between her legs, and it will make you cum like never before." "Now one more
lesson," and moving back to the focus of their attention, Chris drew her close
to where Susan lie, her hand vigorously rubbing the scalded lips. "Move your
hand Susan," Chris instructed. "Ohhhh Chris, my pussy is already scorched," she
pleaded. "Just one more Susan, and then we move on, push your snatch up," and
Susan struggled to do so, the swollen mound glowing red, the lips thick and
gleaming with her juices. Carols eyes widen even more with the next stroke that
cracked between Susan's thighs. Chris's wrist snapped and the leather tip of the
strap actually entered a good inch between the two thick ridges of her lips and
licked like molten lava at the sensitive inner lining, cutting the very entry
leading to Susan's womb. The cry from Susan's mouth was blood curdling as her
whole sex erupted in fire. She kicked her legs wildly, pressing her thighs
together against the searing pain, her fingers wanting to jam themselves into
the cavity of her sex and yet afraid what the touch might bring. Carol's own
pussy was erupting too, in a serious intense orgasm, while the inner recesses of
Susan's tortured twat bawled the elixir of excitement, her slice filling quickly
with her juice. Chris let each woman; find her own resting place before calling
them back to reality.




Chapter IX - It's all in the Groove

The color of Susan's freshly spanked pussy pouch was no where near the color of
her blistered and bruised bottom, none the less, it was painted a nice warm
cherry color and made her swollen clef a prominent focal point of her body as
she stood and walked. Chris was hard as he looked at it and then went to her and
cupped her mound in his hand and made her wince and grimace as he rubbed and
squeezed the sensitive fig. "Oh my pussy, it aches," Susan squealed as Chris
dipped his finger between the swollen red lips and searched for the fine cut the
leather had made inside of her. Finding it, he worked it with his finger as she
held on to his shoulders and cried, "OW OW OW!! She was extremely wet and his
finger made a slurping sound as it worked itself around in her slice. Finally
letting go of her, he led both of the naked women into he dining room.

He instructed Susan to get up on the table on her back, pulling a chair forward
so that she could climb up. "Oh Ow, aaahhhh," Susan announced as her still very
sore bottom cheeks connected with the hard wood of the table. Chris helped her
until Susan was lying flat on her back on the table. "Carol, go to the end of
the table where Susan's head is," he told the woman, and Carol did as she was
told taking her place. Susan looked up and into the eyes of her friend. Chris
meanwhile began to lift Susan' legs in the air and press them back towards her
chest. When her ankles were parallel to her boobs, Chris instructed Carol to
take a firm grasp, an ankle in each hand. Doing so, Susan's position was that
now her ass was thrust into the air, her twat and asshole parallel to the
tabletop. Actually her ass was pretty much off the table and she rested on her
back and shoulders. Carol held Susan's ankle's fast and even spread them a bit,
so that Susan's recently blistered twat fell open by about an inch and a half,
revealing the pink inner membranes, her little pee hole and stiff little
clitoris. Looking intently at Susan's lovely pussy made Carol's mouth water, and
she was eager for a time alone with Susan, to see if her friend would respond.
She knew that Susan's wasn't a lesbian, but perhaps she was bi, that was
something to hope for Carol thought.

Chris took up his place overlooking Susan's bottom from the end of the table and
reaching out picked up the last strap. Lifting it up he showed it to Carol, and
spoke, "Susan, what is this," he asked. Susan closed her eyes and answered,
"It's a groove strap." Carol could only stare in disbelief, feeling her own
pussy clench and unclench in new waves of excitement.

"I'm sure Carol that I don't need to point out which two grooves we are talking
about," Chris said as his finger traced a line from the top of Susan's slit to
the bottom and then another from the bottom her slit through the crack between
her ass cheeks. "When using a groove strap Carol, we are intent on two
particular points, one is this little puckering hole," and his finger encircled
Susan's little ass hole, "and the other is of course this little finger here,"
and he tweaked Susan's little clitoris which peeked its head out from under it's
hood. Lifting the thin strap over his head, he brought it down with precision so
that almost the length of it landed all at once in Susan's ass crack. A red line
appeared down the center of Susan's groove as her body tensed with the stroke
and she grunted, "UUUGGGGGHHHHH." Susan was wiggling on the table, but Carol
held her firmly as Chris delivered another stroke, this time making the target
the little entry into her bottom. Chris was an expert at making the very tip of
the strap connect and snap at the little bud. Susan's bottom cheeks tried
valiantly to clench against the cut, but it did little help. "IIIIEEEEEEEEEEE,"
Susan wailed as she felt as if a bee had decided to deposit its stinger in the
little hole. Chris knew that Susan was driven wild by anything anal, and that
while it stung like crazy, her sexual juices were flowing. Both he and Carol
watched as Susan's twat canal filled with the white syrup of excitement and
lust. Susan was on the brink of orgasm. Chris turned his attention to her other
groove, that glistened in a warm pinkness begging for attention. Susan's eyes
were closed and she didn't see the strap ascend in the air and then come down
swiftly and with force right into the slot of her naked snatch. The leather
exploded against her sensitive membranes and kissed wickedly her clitoris.
"AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHOOOOWWWWIEEEEEEEE," Susan wailed in a cry that was mostly a
response to the intense fusion of pain with pleasure. Her clit seemed to come
alive and throb as it tried to adjust to the intense sting. In reality, the cut
was diminished in intensity because of the copious amount of twat fluid that
filled her slice. When the strap landed between her parted lips, Susan's juice
was splattered into the air, and her thighs and ass were covered with her
excitement. The stroke, while definitely felt, was one of sexual pleasure for
Susan, but before her body had an opportunity to react and once again fill the
little reservoir with it's pool of pussy juice, Chris brought the strap down
once again, this time delivering more sting and burn as the strap tore at all
that lie between those two delicious lips that he loved. Susan's bottom bucked
with the lick, and Carol was hard pressed to hold on but she managed as Susan
was pushed over into orgasm. Chris, attune to Susan's sexual ways, allowed her
to be and to enjoy her orgasm to it fullest. When she had returned to the scene,
he told her to take hold of her legs and hold them behind the knees, keeping
them towards her chest. He then told Carol to come to his end of the table.

"Ok Carol, I think it's time for Susan to have a little soothing, let's get that
tongue of yours busy doing something other than panting." Had she not been a
lesbian, Carol might have objected, but she was only too happy to go down on her
friend. Susan let out a yelp as Carol placed her hands on her bruised ass
cheeks, and dipped her head downward. Susan immediately forgot the sensation of
pain as she felt Carol's cool tongue glide from the top of Susan's ass crack to
the bottom. Twice more Carol licked the entire length of Susan's crack as if it
were an ice cream cone, before settling on the little opening to her friend's
bottom. Susan all but swooned with the wonderful sensation of Carol's tongue in
so intimate a part of her body, but when Carol went to work on the little
asshole, Susan nearly exploded. Certainly she had heard of "rimming" but it had
never been done on her before, and she couldn't believe the wonderful exciting
feeling that came with Carol's probing tongue, which swished around her little
hole and poked it's way inside of her. The orgasms came one after another, and
when Carol moved up the path to dip her tongue between Susan's pussy lips, she
began to tremble.

As all this was happening to Susan, Chris had drawn up a chair behind the bent
over Carol. Sitting down, he found himself level with Carol's bottom cheeks, and
his hands pressed between her legs, and Carol instinctively shifted, parting her
slender thighs and giving him the access he wanted to her dripping snatch. Chris
was particularly interested in the thin flaps of her labia minora and how they
extended past her labia majora, and he took one between thumb and fore finger of
each hand and stretched and pulled till they were a good two inches out from her
twat, then pulling them to the sides so that her clam shell like twat opened and
her juice spilled out. As Chris's fingers explored the inner reaches of her
cunt, pinching her clit and slowly sliding two fingers in and out of her pussy
channel, Carol went at Susan's clitoris with a fury, licking, biting and sending
Susan into ecstasy with her well trained tongue, licking and eating a twat the
way only a woman can. Susan was building towards a crescendo, her head thrust
back, the veins in her neck tense and pulsating as a slow cry came from the very
center of her, and built with her orgasm until she was filling the room with a
different kind of wail than before. As Susan was lost in orgasm, Carol under the
ministrations of Chris's diligent fingers began to scream with her own orgasm.
Her lips buried in her friends boiling twat, her face smeared with Susan's
juices, she howled with pleasure and drank furiously from the never-ending flood
of Susan's passion.

When it was over, Chris carried Susan to bed as Carol tried to put herself
together. In the car on the road home, she was quiet, exhausted and spent with
the evening's affairs. There would be time to talk about it later. Chris
returned home and slipped between the covers coming close to Susan and wrapping
his arms around her they slept deeply.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Crackdancer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





