BDSM Library - Jay's Bad Day




Jay's Bad Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A teenage boy gets some painful and humiliating treatment from two girls and another boy.
From: Max Smart (max_smart@hotmail.com)
Subject: Story: Jay's Bad Day - ffm/m - severe, edgy, fun 
This is the only article in this thread  
View: Original Format 
Newsgroups: soc.sexuality.spanking
Date: 1997/08/14 
 
STOP!! This is a story about corporal punishment involving teenagers and 
a twelve year old.  If this subject might disturb or offend you, please 
don't read it.  It is purely fantasy and I do not advocate any of the 
actions described.




Max Smart - 1997

"JAY'S BAD DAY"

It was all the girls' idea, tricking Jay into a crooked strip poker 
game.  He deserved it, though, and I happily joined in the conspiracy.  
All but one of us had a fabulous time.

I'm Sam, and I'm 16 years old.  The girls are Chris and Julia, both 15.  
Jay is Julia's younger brother, a very irritating and obnoxious 12 year 
old.  I have a crush on Chris and we're "sort of" going together, 
although nothing has really happened between us except for a little 
smooching and slow dancing.  We all live in the same block and have 
played together for years - which is one reason it's kind of hard for 
Chris and I to graduate from kiddy playmates to teenage lovers.

I actually kind of like Jay.  The person that was really out to get him 
was Julia, on whom he was always playing tricks and persecuting in 
various ways, such as embarrassing her in front of dates.  He's a red 
headed, freckle-faced kid with a fair amount of baby fat still hanging 
around.

Recently Jay had pulled a few tricks that really pissed Julia off.  He 
had pulled her bikini top down when they were swimming at the local 
country club pool, giving a brief but ample eyeful to quite a few boys 
from Julia's class and making her so embarrassed she begged her mother 
to let her switch schools.  He had stolen a pair of her panties and run 
them up the flagpole at school.  And finally, he and a couple of his 
friends had burst into Julia's room and caught both Julia AND Chris in 
the middle of changing clothes.  Chris had on her underwear, but poor 
Julia was completely naked.  This was the trick that pulled Chris into 
the act, and it turns out that this was a big mistake for Jay.  He 
shouldn't have gotten Chris mad.

Julia is a cute, short, blond, with a nice plump figure.  She has a 
great butt, I must say.  She may be very intelligent for all I know, as 
may Jay, but neither of them has let on if it's true.  Chris, I think, 
is very smart and very clever.  Of course, I DO have a crush on her, so 
I might be biased.  Chris is tall, maybe 5'10", and very curvy.  She is 
a brunette with curly hair and fabulous dark brown eyes.  One think I 
didn't know about her until the episode I'm about to relate was that she 
could be pretty mean if you got her mad.

I was invited to take part for two, possibly three, reasons.  One, they 
needed extra muscle.  Two, I could deal from the bottom of the deck and 
could make sure that Jay lost.  Three, and this is purely wishful 
thinking, Chris wanted me to have the fun of taking part in Jay's 
punishment because she liked me.

Chris made up the plan.   I was to suggest a game of strip poker, played 
by the four of us out at Julia and Jay's parents' cabin near Lake 
--------.  I would drive us because I had just gotten a license.  Chris 
and Julia were to pretend that they didn't want to do it but would allow 
themselves to be talked into it by Jay and me.  We didn't worry about 
talking Jay into it, he wouldn't need it.

Just as we expected, Jay went for it.  Now, one fact about Jay is that 
he is very shy about his body and would absolutely HATE to really have 
to take his clothes off.  But I knew very well that one reason Jay was  
willing  was that he had no intention of actually taking his clothes off 
if he lost.  He planned to simply refuse and laugh when people called 
him a cheater.  He didn't mind being called a cheater.  Of course he 
HOPED that one of the girls would lose and WOULDN'T refuse.  It was a 
pretty sure gamble, from his point of view - lots to win, and nothing to 
lose.

During the drive everyone taunted each other about how embarrassed they 
were going to be without their clothes and how silly they would look.  
Jay blushed a couple of times but didn't seem too worried.  I got a 
special thrill when Chris said to me, "I wonder what you have to show 
us, Sam?"

We got to the cabin and drank a little wine I had pilfered from my 
parents liquor cabinet.  Then, as planned, I laid out the rules.  First 
off, once you started to play, you couldn't quit the game until it was 
over.  The game was over when one person had no clothes on.  If you DID 
try to quit, that meant you automatically lost and would then 
immediately have to strip completely.  I explained that we had to have a 
rule like that in order to make the game real.  In order to raise the 
stakes a little more, the naked loser would get spanked by the winners 
and would have to follow any orders until he or she was allowed to 
dress. 

Jay seemed very excited by this and agreed to go along.  I'm sure that 
he figured he would just quit if he got into trouble and there was 
nothing we could really do about it.  Chris and Julia pretended to 
object to the spanking part, but Jay and I talked them into it, mostly 
by taunting them for being wimps and prudes and scaredy-cats.  It was 
really fun to see Jay unknowingly sow the seeds of his own doom, and the 
girls played their "shy and modest" parts wonderfully.

We played a very simple game - seven cards dealt face up.  The owner of 
the lowest hand had to remove an item of clothing and give it to the 
winner.  When someone finally lost all of their clothes, they would have 
to "pay" to get their clothes back by accepting ten spanks per item from 
that item's owner.  This rule was presented as a bit of a punishment for 
wearing more items of clothing than normal.

It was tons of fun to tease poor Jay by having Chris, Julia and I each 
suffer losing streaks until we were down to our underwear.  Jay, who had 
lost nothing so far, was exulting and making threats about how sore 
someone's bottom was going to be.  By the way, Chris looked fantastic in 
bra and panties.  I hadn't realized before what a nice set of boobs 
she had.  Wow.  I was doing my best to conceal my hardon, but I'm not 
sure I succeeded very well, since Chris kept asking me if I was enjoying 
myself and winking.

Then young Jay's losing streak began, and it must have been incredible 
to him.  He lost six hands in a row and was down to just his jeans, and, 
presumably, his underpants.  He seemed a bit nervous, but still eager to 
go on, probably figuring that the odds were now in favor of him getting 
to see a set of naked breasts after the next hand.  Unfortunately for 
him, he lost the next one too.

Chris and Julia had wicked grins on their faces as Chris said, "Well, 
Jay, off with the pants.  C'mon, we're already down to our underwear."

"No.  I quit.  I'm bored." Jay tried to feign indifference.

"You can't quit, Jay." I said.

"Oh yeah?  Just watch me." and he started to reach for his undershirt 
from Julia's pile of winnings.

"Jay, dear," Chris began, "If you don't take your pants off now, you'll 
be cheating and you'll automatically lose.  That means you'll have to 
take everything off."

"Ha!  Try and make me!"

Chris answered, "OK, we will."

We had been sitting on the floor.  Chris, Julia and I started to get up, 
with the obvious intention of accosting Jay.  Jay also clambered to his 
feet and tried to make a run for it.  I caught him.  I'm quite a bit 
bigger and stronger than Jay so it was an easy matter to wrestle him 
down to the ground.  I sat on his chest and Chris grabbed his ankles.  
It was to be Julia's pleasure to do the stripping.

"Let me go!  You bastards!  Let me go!  I'll tell!  I'll tell!"

Julia said, "Oh shut up, Jay.  Oh, Jay, I'm going to undo your belt 
now."

I couldn't see exactly what she was doing but I could hear the belt 
being unfastened even through Jay's threats and yells.

"Oh, Jay, I'm going to pull your zipper down, now."  Julia was having a 
good time with this!

Jay's braggadocio took a downturn here.  "No!  Please, Julia!  
Don't....don't....ooooooohh!"  As Julia suited action to word - I could hear 
the zipping sound.

"Down come your jeans, Jay.  Hmmm, looks like your underpanties are 
coming down with them.  Oh, well, might as well pull them down too."

Looking behind me, I could see that Julia was slowly working Jay's jeans 
and underpants down his hips.

"Ooooh!  Look at the cute little wee-wee!"  Julia cooed.

Jay began crying.  "Nooooo!  Stop!  Let me go!"  His face was scarlet.

Julia got Jay's pants and underpants down to his knees and then Chris 
helped her work them completely off.  I got off Jay and Chris released 
his legs.  Jay sprang to his feet, covered his genitals and backed 
himself against a wall of the cabin.  He was still crying, begging us to 
give him his clothes back.

Chris said, "Jay, you've been a cheater and now you've refused to follow 
our orders.  We're going to show you what the punishment for cheating or 
disobeying is."

The three of us grabbed Jay and dragged him to the heavy wooden table.  
It was lots of fun, especially since the girls and I were still in our 
underwear.  I got some interesting glimpses of what seemed be a luscious 
pair of nipples on Chris's boobs. 

Chris had come prepared with convenient lengths of rope and we managed 
to bend the crying, threatening young naked boy over the table and tie 
his legs and arms.  Chris took care to pull Jay's legs as wide apart as 
possible before tightening the knots.  Jay's freckled hindquarters were 
now defenselessly presented to me and the excited girls.

Jay had stopped threatening now and was just crying and begging us to 
let him go.

Chris suggested that the three of us put our clothes back on.  I agreed 
that it was probably a good idea, but I was a bit sad about it.  We 
dressed,

Jay's enforced posture gave us a good view of the crack of his bottom 
and of his twelve year old's hairless balls.  I wasn't particularly 
interested in Jay's balls but the girls clearly were, and I was really 
getting off on their enjoyment.

Chris said, "Jay, you're now going to learn the penalty for disobedience 
or cheating when playing strip poker with the likes of us.  Julia is 
going to do the honors.  Here, Julia, take this fly swatter."

Chris hand Julia the fly swatter she had brought for just this purpose.

"Now, Julia," Chris said, "you know what the target is, but I don't 
think you know exactly how hard to smack it.  Remember that boys are 
very sensitive there, so we don't want to be too rough (Jay started to 
shift nervously at this); but on the other hand, Jay deserves a strong 
punishment so we don't want to be too soft either.  Why don't you try a 
practice swing on the arm of this easy chair?"  Chris pointed to an easy 
chair that was place so Jay could see the action.

Whap!  Julia smacked chair arm with frightening force.

Chris laughed, "Well, Julia, you can hit him like that if you don't want 
him having any children!"

Julia giggled, "How about this?"  She hit the chair again, with a quite 
a bit less force.  It was still enough to make me cringe at the thought 
of my balls being treated that way, but Chris wasn't satisfied.

"Now you're getting too wimpy Julia.  Try something in between."

Smack!  Julia did as asked and the chair received an intermediate 
stroke.  I personally thought it was a bit strong.

Chris asked me, "Sam, you're a boy.  What do you think?  Was that last 
one hard enough?"  I could only swallow nervously and nod, indicating 
that, yes, I thought it was hard enough.

Jay had been quiet through all this.  I think he was stunned at the 
import of what was going on.  His crying had stopped but he was panting 
with fear and his eyes were wide as they stared in horror at the 
sufferings of the easy chair.  Finally he started to struggle in panic, 
pulling desperately at the ropes.

When he saw that he couldn't get loose, he pleaded to the smiling girls.  
"Don't, please, don't!  You'll h-hurt me!"

"Well I certainly hope so, Jay.  After all it's punishment!" Chris said 
gaily as she led Julia back around to Jay's shivering backside.

Chris instructed Julia, "Now, Julia, first get your range.  That's good.  
Now move the swatter part up to make sure it will land right on the 
target."  

With a mischievous smile Julia lightly touched the swatter to Jay's 
cringing balls.  Jay jerked and gasped.

"Ahhhh!  Oh!  Don't!  Don't!  I'm sorry!  You can spank me!  I'll be 
good!  I'll never cheat again!" Jay babbled, struggling some more, 
causing his balls to wobble a bit, which the girls seemed to find 
amusing.

"Now bring your weapon down.  Good.  Take aim.  And try to remember how 
hard you hit the chair the last time...3...2...."

"No!  Don't!!!" Jay begged.

"1....0!"

Smack!  The fly swatter hit home, directly on target, with enough force 
to make my balls cringe in sympathy.

Jay yelled out - a long drawn out yell of pain and shock.  Then the pain 
began to swell and he treated us to a series of agonized groans.

Chris said, "Quick, lets untie him."

We followed her lead and untied the ropes.  Jay crumpled immediately to 
the ground grabbing his throbbing crotch and rolling on the floor in 
agony.  I was somewhat horrified, but Chris and Julia were almost beside 
themselves with enjoyment as they watched Jay's sufferings.

Gradually the intensity of Jay's pain died down somewhat and he lay 
quietly with his hands between his legs, moaning softly.

Chris said, "Ok, time for the spanking.  Jay, listen, you've just found 
out what the penalty for disobedience is.  I want you to stand up, now!"

Jay ignored her.

"Ok, then, we'll repeat the treatment.  Let's get him back on the table, 
guys."

"No!  I'll do it."  And Jay hopped to his feet with surprising agility, 
while somehow still managing to cup his family jewels protectively with 
both hands.

Julia orderd, "Hands at your sides, Jay."

"Ohhhh please, Julia.  I can't...."

"Why Jay," cooed Julia, "Are you being disobedient?  You must have liked 
your 'treatment'!"

Jay instantly brought his hands to his sides, displaying to me and the 
girls his prepubescent penis and balls.  His balls seemed to have 
acquired a reddish hue from his recent "treatment".  You could tell by 
the wrinkles in his forehead and that they were still paining the poor 
kid.  He began to cry again.

"Ok, " said Chris, "You're getting ten spanks for each item of clothing.  
That's, us let's see...ten from Sam, 20 from Julia, and, hah!, 50 from me!  
I feel sorry for your bottom, Jay, because you're getting your spanks 
with this, and Chris magically produced a pretty scary looking riding 
crop.

Jay was too cowed by the thought of further "treatments" to protest too 
much.  "Ooohhhhh!  Please!  Please, just let me g-go!"

"Let's see, I think we'll have you over the back of this easy chair.  
That's right bend right over.  Now, now, don't squeeze your legs 
together so much.  A little wider.  Good, that's so we can apply any 
more treatments if you're bad."

"I won't be bad!  Don't give me any more treatments!!"  Jay's voice 
could be heard.

Jay managed to take all 80 strokes, but he suffered quite a bit.  
Several times he hopped up and had to be coaxed back down with threats 
of further "treatments".  It appeared that just about anything was 
preferable, including a rather amazing set of marks on a very red and 
sore bottom.

Chris was the most severe.  She gave her full strength to every stroke, 
producing full throated howls of pain from poor young Jay as she laid 
stripe after vivid stripe on his wincing, writhing butt.

Chris was finally finished and Jay continued to lay over the chair, 
crying his heart out.  His bottom was a real mess - bright red with lots 
and lots of purpling stripes.

Chris said, "Very good, Jay.  You were actually very well-behaved.  I 
guess our 'treatment' is a very effective method for getting young boys 
to behave.  Or maybe even older boys?"  with this, Chris gave me a smile 
that made me a bit nervous.

She continued, "Now we have only to finish your punishment for cheating 
and disobedience.  You see, the penalty is actually two strokes and 
you've only had one.  We just gave you one of them at the start to get 
you to behave.  So, lets get the other one over with and then you can 
have your clothes back."

"Huhhh?" Jay mumbled.  I don't think Chris's terrifying announcement 
really registered, or Jay would be protesting vigorously.

"Stand up, Jay." Chris ordered.

Jay slowly started to push himself up.  His bottom was so sore he had to 
move very stiffly and gingerly.  Reflex caused him to again guard his 
genitals.

Julia seemed to take this as her personal province, "Hands at your side 
Jay."  Jay quickly obeyed.

Chris laughed.  "Good boy, Jay.  You've learned obedience for sure.  
Now, come over here." She said, leading the little lamb to his second 
slaughter.

When she started bending him over the table, the light finally dawned.  
Like I said before, Jay has never shown much cleverness.  He started to 
struggle, but the three of us quickly had him tied down again in the 
same position as before, over the table and with legs well-spread.

"Gosh, Jay," said Chris with a sparkle in her eyes and a laugh in her 
voice, "I'm sorry you struggled just now.  That means we have to add two 
more strokes, so now you get three.  Julia, will you do the honors?"

-The end.-




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Max Smart


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





