BDSM Library - Video Training




Video Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A guy meets a policewoman of his dreams. She uses and abuses him as much as she cares, too.
Video Traing

BY M.M.


I hated those parties that my parents had once a month. A bunch of strange
people, hypocrites, snobs and, who knows what else, used to come, get drunk and,
after majority of them get into quarrel, mainly between husbands and wives which
cannot stand a sight of each other anymore, parties ended as a big
disappointment for my parents. Still, they persisted to have one each month,
like something was going to change with each next party. The only good thing
about those parties is the fact that my mother is ex model so she has plenty
female friends of the same profession. They are not in the business anymore but
all of them still look great; once a model, always a model, I guess.

So, there is Ann who gets beaten by her husband on regular basis; there is
Joanna who has four divorces behind her so she became gay; there is the best
looking one - Sheila; blonde lady so stupid and naive that I sometimes call and
pretend to be her husband who is calling to tell her that I am going to be late
as I got stuck at work. Usually she tells me how I have already called and told
her that and probably forgot, and how it must be because of too much work I do.
Of course, that guy is stuck on some "banging my secretary" work. And then,
there is Alex, which is short of Alexandra, the mysterious one. Never married,
no boyfriend, very wealthy, woman detective. A cop. Never talked too much,
smiled rarely and looked really great. One thing that separates her from the
other; she's never been a model. She was 33 and I was only 18 when I realized
that she was the only one I liked. At the time sex was the only thing on my
mind. Why not, she was older and all that, but that was the beauty of it for me;
she was single too. First time I tried to talk to her she just told me to mind
my own business, she cut me off clean, but I am no quitter, so I kept on with it
every time we met. "What do you want from me?" she asked me once when I was
really annoying; "I just want to talk that's all", "And you've picked me, ha?
Why me? Go bother someone else" she said. "It's just that, at every party I see
you alone all of the time, standing aside; why you even bother to come then?" "I
don't know really; for the drinks I guess...I have nothing better to do anyway
when I am not on duty." Slowly, she slipped into the conversation with me and I
was careful not to say something that could irritate her to quit. "So, you're a
cop, ha?" "Yeah, detective is more appropriate" "I'd like to see you in uniform"
I said. She looked at me a little too serious and said, "I don't wear one on
duty" "Yes, but you probably have one...you know, like for special occasions."
"Yes, I do...for special occasions" "It must look great on that fine figure of
yours." She looked at me profoundly like she wanted to read something from my
eyes, "Are you flirting with me boy?" I blushed a little but I said, "Maybe just
a little." "Well don't, ok! It's not appropriate, you're too young to be
flirting with me" she seemed a little pissed. She stood up from the step we were
sitting on and turned to leave. "I could be older" I said, she just turned,
looked at me and left. I thought I blew it.

Another month passed and one more party was coming up. Same people, same stupid
quarrels. Alex was there too, looking great and sexy as usual. Some drunken big
guy was hitting on her but she cut him off clean. "So, that one is not your
type, I guess?" I asked her. She looked at me for a while and said, "And I
guess, you're here to save me from these dull times again, ha? Let's go sit
outside." I had no problems with that.

"It looks like you have no one to talk to except me," I enquired, "Watch it, ok.
I'll talk to you, just don't irritate me; anyway, it looks like you too don't
have anyone to talk to except me...so we're even I guess" "Can I ask you
something personal?" "What's you're name again?" "Joey" I replied. She asked me
my name; we were getting somewhere, I knew it. "Ok, you may" she was looking at
me eager to find out how direct I would be. "How come you're always alone...I
mean I never saw you with a male company and you don't even socialize with
females a lot, either?" "I guess people don't like me too much...but then again,
I don't like them too much, either." That was the straightest answer I ever
heard. "Oh, and why is that? You dislike just man or everyone?" For each answer
she took a little time to answer. She probably thought 'Why am I talking to this
one, anyway? He's still just a kid.' "It's not about disliking anyone; I just
don't get along very well, that's all" she thought it for a while and said, "I
guess they think I am a little weird" she showed no emotions when she said it;
like it was ok or she just didn't care, "Why would anyone think that you're
weird? I don't think that about you", for the first time I saw her face
expression to something that looked like a short smile. "You, kid, know nothing
about me." She decided to turn this conversation around and to, probably, test
how I would react to similar questions I asked her. "Tell me again, how old are
you?", "18" I replied. She leaned closer to me and said, "What is it, really,
that you want from me? Somehow I think you have other things on your mind than
just pure talk, ha?" I was just about to say something but she interrupted me,
"No, don't tell me; let me guess...I bet that you're thinking how to get into my
pants, ha?" I began to blush again and she continued, "What's the matter,
sweetie, ha? Oh, you're blushing, ts, ts...come on, admit it, you wanna get
laid, don't you?" I drank a little of my beer and said, "Ok, I admit, it crossed
my mind", she looked at me harshly, "Crossed your mind? I think that's only
thing you think about while you're talking to me...I can see how you look at me"
I lowered my eyes down but she said, "No, it's ok, you can look as much as you
like, I know how horny boys get when they are 18. You just keep watching, later
you can go and play with yourself, ha, ha..." I didn't know why but I felt like
she wanted make me feel bad. "I don't think that this conversation has any sense
anymore" I said and stood up, "Oh, what's the matter, too shy to talk like this?
For an adult this conversation would not be a problem, you know. I bet you're
still a virgin, too." That suddenly pissed me off, "No, I am not!" I raised my
voice a bit. "Oh really? And who was the lucky missy that you gave so much
pleasure, ha?" And then, I did something I promised I'll never do; I looked
around, raised my hand and pointed it to my mothers friend Ann, "There she is" I
said proudly. Alex looked towards the woman I pointed at and said, "Ann? You're
lying! I don't believe you." I came closer to her and said silently, "Well,
since you don't believe me, go and ask her, be my guest." I turned on my heel
and left. I went up to my room, stretched on the bed and played some music on
the tuner. 'Ha, I showed her didn't I', I was thinking, 'I am not just a kid as
she thought, she knows now...and I don't give a shit if she talks to Ann.' The
music was loud, so were my thoughts, and I never noticed when Ann entered the
room. She turned off the music and said, "You little prick; you just couldn't
keep you mouth shut, couldn't you?" I was just about to stand up from the bed
and say something when she came closer and slapped me on my face. "You just used
me and now, you're bragging about it!" "I used you?! As far as I remember, you
used me. You were drunk, remember? And as I recall, you got all bossy with me,
ordering me to do things to you. I don't see how I used you, really." "Maybe,
but you loved it, didn't you, ha?" "So what if I did, that doesn't mean
anything." She calmed down a bit, "Why did you tell her, ha? Of all people you
have chosen her to spit it out", "What's that suppose to mean? Is there anything
wrong with her? I think she's like anyone else." She stood there for a while,
turned around to leave and said, "Just keep your mouth shut from now on, ok"
Bitch slapped me. Well, I guess she'll get what she deserves from her husband,
sooner or later.

Later on, I went to bed; all I thought about was Alex.



"Joey, are you going to the city today?" my mother asked me while I had my
breakfast, "Maybe, I don't know. Why?" "Alex called and she left her sunglasses
here, so I thought..." before she finished I said, "Yeah, as the matter of fact
I am. You want me to take those to her?" She was a little surprised by my quick
thinking, "Yes, if you have time", and I had, plenty too. "Ok, but later this
evening because she works during the day"

The building she lived at was an older one, but neatly kept. I went in and I saw
the doorman behind the desk. The interior looked completely different then the
exterior; you could tall it was wealthy people that lived here. "May I help
you?" he asked, "Yes, I am looking for Alex." "Alex?" he wondered, "Alexandra"
"Landlady, you mean?" "Landlady? I didn't know she was...I just thought she
lives here." "She owns the place" he confirmed and continued, "You must be Joey"
I nodded, "She said you might drop by; I'll show you to the elevator." We went
to the elevator door, "Top floor, the only apartment there is hers", and I
stepped in. Top floor had a long corridor and one single apartment at the end of
it.

I pressed the bell button and some guy opened the door, "Yes?" "I am looking for
Alex," I said. He eyed me for a while and said, "Alex, there is some kid looking
for you" he yelled, "Let him in" she said from somewhere behind. I entered and
stepped directly to the huge living room. I liked it, no lounge but a huge
living space. She came from the balcony opposite to the entrance. She wore a
suit with a tie and white shirt and she had some man's looking shoes on her
feet. "Tom, this is Joey, Joey this is Tom, my partner." We shook hands; Tom was
very good looking guy, tall with dense black hair. "And you are?" he asked, "Her
friends son...just came to drop off these" I took the glasses out from my
pocket. "Ok...I'll be going then; I have paperwork to do", "Yeah, you do that,"
she said while he was leaving.

"So...have a seat Joey. Like a beer?" "Yeah, I guess" she went over to the bar
and brought me a can of Bud.

She took one for herself too and sat on the sofa across me. "So, how do you like
my place?" "Oh, I think it's great; you must be awfully rich?" "Well, it's more
like I am disgustedly rich; my father left me plenty money so I shouldn't have
to worry about anything" she said that somewhat ironically. "So, that's why
you're a cop; to spite your dad, ha? You sound more like a teenager then me" I
smiled at her. I could never tell how she felt about what I was saying; her face
was giving all kind of expressions in very short intervals. "So, what now?" she
asked, "What do you mean? I just brought your sunglasses." She stood up and
said, "Follow me." And so I did; she opened small closet that looked more like a
window on the wall but with no view. It was full of neatly placed pairs of
sunglasses, "Do you really think I left those at your place by accident?" Now,
that was interesting, "Well...I don't know, how could I?" I said, "Ok, since you
tricked me in here, you tell me what next", my heart began to beat faster as she
came closer to me. "Maybe I should just jump you..." she touched my chest and
continued to talk as she moved her hand around my chest, "Just, tear all your
clothes off..." she stopped for a while, "And use you for my own pleasures like
Ann did." Damn, I was turned on, "So...she told you, ha?" "Yes, not the
specifics, but I know Ann, she used you all right." She started to push me
backwards until I reached the couch and fell on it; she stood in front of me
just looking down, "And I guess you wouldn't mind at all if I use you the same
way, ha?" I have to admit, at that moment, I would have done anything she could
have asked. She came closer and suddenly straddled me on the couch. Slowly, she
unbuttoned her shirt just inches away from my face; she had a white lace bra
holding two nicely shaped firm breasts, not too big, not too small. "Don't
touch", she said; I was so turned on I couldn't say anything. Her skin was pale
and looked silky like she was a little girl. Her right hand slipped down between
my legs and she placed her palm on my groin, "Wow! Already ready, ha?" she just
joked about hard-on I had. She stood up and fixed her shirt, "Now, stand up and
take your clothes off" she said while she sat down on the sofa, "What? Why would
I do that?" "Well, I want to see what you have to offer...but, if you are just a
shy little kid, then..."

First, I removed my pullover and my sweatshirt; I wasn't so comfortable with
removing my pants, but she insisted. Once I dropped my pants she stood up and
said, "What about those?" she referred to my underwear, "I don't think so; you
showed me only a little." She came closer and circled around me, "Well then, I
have to do it myself", and before I managed to say anything, she grabbed my hand
from behind, twisted it and pushed me on the couch, with my face down. I heard
some clicking and, in an instant, she put handcuffs on my wrists, "What...what
are you doing?" I was more surprised then scared, "Don't worry, just relax, I'll
take care of everything from now on." She stood up behind me and lifted her
right leg on my back to keep me down; within last 15 seconds I realized how
strong and fast in fact she was. She reached inside one of her trouser pockets
and pulled out a small pocketknife, "No...what are you doing?" it freaked me out
because I had suddenly realized how I really knew nothing about her. "I told you
to relax, haven't I?" she leaned down still holding her leg on middle part of my
back; she touched my skin with the knife blade near back of my neck and, slowly,
dragged it down. It was cold and I felt shivers running down my spine, some
because of that blade, some because of fear and excitement I felt at the same
time. Finally, she reached my buttock and, in a split second, ripped my panties
off. She threw them on the floor and placed her hand on one of my cheeks, "This
is nice; firm and smooth", she moved her leg from my back and turned me around
by my shoulder, "Aha, there it is" she looked at my dick. I felt completely
helpless; all naked and cuffed lying in front of her, "Well you could do better
you know, but it's not so bad, not bad at all. Now, make it stiff and big for
me" her voice was ordering, "I can't...I mean how can I like this?" "Well, I
need to see it in its full size, otherwise this is all for nothing, isn't it?
Just think about me and you doing something; it should work for you." As she put
away that knife I was getting a little more confident in myself and,
surprisingly, I managed it in a minute or so. "Not bad, not bad" she said, "I
wonder what was it you thought about? Care to tell me?" "No, I'd rather keep it
for myself." She smiled and said, "Ok, fair enough. It's my turn now, you get
dressed and wait for me here", she stopped for a bit, "Unless you'd like to
leave instead; I'd understand." I really had to think about it but, since we got
that far I said, "I'll stay." She turned around and went to the, what I guessed
was, the bedroom. At the door she stopped and said, "10 minutes." So I waited;
all that was new and, I have to admit, pretty exciting for me. I didn't know
what was coming next and that was the beauty of it. I was really proud of
myself; and 18-year-old kid playing such games with a 33 year old, gorgeous
policewoman. Hell, no movie had such scenario before. My thoughts got me even
more confidence so I went and grabbed another beer. After maybe 15 minutes she
came out; I was just taking a sip from the can and I almost spilled it all over
me when I saw her. She had her uniform on, not quite as it should be, but most
of it. I couldn't remember any policewoman wearing short skirt and high-heeled
black boots below the blue police shirt with stripes and police hat. Also, she
had a baton, two more pairs of handcuffs and a gun on her waist belt. In her
right hand she carried a black leather bag; she came closer and said,
"Well...this is what you wanted, right? How do you like it?" I was speechless;
at the same time she looked sexy and dangerous and, she had new expression on
her face; like she felt more confident and more powerful with this uniform and
she was completely aware of it. After a while I said, "Yes, I like it, you
look..." I didn't know how to express myself. She dropped the bag on the floor
and said, "So now, I guess, you would probably like for me to arrest you, ha?"
She was reading me like a book; it was just what I was thinking about, but still
I had to deny it, "No...why would I like something like that?" "Well, I don't
know yet but I think that you would just love it." I looked down and asked,
"What's in the bag?" "You'll find out soon enough." I stood up, and said
confidently, "You know what I think? I think that you put all this act up just
to scare me away, don't you?" She watched me for a while, "No, on contrary kid;
I am trying to get you hooked on me", she smiled a little, "however, if you're
scared, well...you should leave right now. You wanted to see me in this, right?
I simply thought you wanted something more, but if you don't, no problem" she
turned around, grabbed the bag and left to the bedroom.

She came out after five minute wearing some casual clothes, "Maybe you should go
now" she said, "Yes, I guess". At the door she stopped me and said, "Wait I'll
give you something", she pulled out a video tape from a drawer and said, "Take a
look at this one but make sure no one else sees it, ok; you don't want other
people to see it, believe me." I took the tape without questions and she said,
"one more thing; if you want to drop by sometimes it's ok; just make sure to
call first because I don't like surprises", "Ok" I confirmed and left.



Once I got home I felt confused; confused about her strange acts, video tape
which only I could see; what was it all about? I went into my bedroom and locked
the door; I told my mother I was beat and I'll just go to the bed. I put the
tape in the player and pressed 'Play'. What I saw in next 45 minutes was
absolutely shocking; it was a homemade movie, obviously taken by an amateur.
Everything was clear and visible, but the camera moved too much, sometimes too
quickly, too. First scene showed a guy washing dishes, looking at the camera
from time to time and smiling. He moved around the kitchen and camera followed
him. The movie was soundless and that was all for the first scene. In the second
one, same guy as before was doing various jobs around the house and in the yard;
cleaning, gardening, tidying up the toilet, even painting walls; nothing
strange, just dull. It was composed to look like it all happened at the same day
but one could notice a little or big differences on that guy, on the house or
the weather. Third scene began as the guy served dinner to whomever was
recording; then camera stood still on something and recorded the guy standing
beside someone having that dinner. After a while he collected the dishes and
left; that was it for the third scene and pretty dull, too. I began to think
that Alex was really a weird one since she wanted me to check something stupid
as that movie. Fourth scene began completely different; same man was kneeling in
front of the person with a camera and he had only his underwear on. After saying
something, which I couldn't hear because movie was still soundless, he bowed
down and camera followed him. He stopped just atop of some woman's feet and
suddenly began to lick them. She had some high-heeled sandals so the guy licked
them too. I couldn't say if he was enjoying it or not, but he licked well. He
licked slowly upwards, pressing his tongue on woman's legs, and, once he reached
the thighs, her hand pushed him away. He went back down and removed her footwear
slowly; he began to lick and suck her toes and soles, and then, for the first
time I saw that he was enjoying it. The scene ended there without any sounds;
woman was concealing her identity well. It was not boring anymore but I didn't
know what to think of it; and why Alex gave me this kind of tape to watch at the
first place. I was curious enough to continue. Fifth scene began again with the
same guy; he was down on his knees and this time he had a collar around his neck
with a chain leading up, probably to that woman's hand. She pulled him a little
and he followed her around like a dog; for a while they just circled around and
then she led him to the bedroom. The place wasn't familiar but I couldn't stop
thinking, 'could this be Alex holding the camera?' They came into the bedroom;
camera went across the room and it was almost empty, except for a big bed, one
closet and, what I noticed little later, some chains and shackles hanging on the
walls. I knew what this was all about without watching any further; I just
didn't know why was I watching it. The man stood up and walked to the wall;
woman just landed the camera on something and for the first time entered the
frame. I wanted to see her but she had a mask on her face; her hair was too
blonde, I guessed it was a wig. She also wore a latex body on her torso and a
pair of leather boots with heels so high, I couldn't imagine how she walked at
all. I saw her saying something, but still, movie was soundless so I couldn't
hear what. He leaned against the wall and she shackled him with those chains and
shackles hanging from the wall. I was thinking; 'Ok, this is one more SM thing,
she is the dominant one, guy is the slave, they are just playing their kinky
game; or maybe she is a prostitute and this is what he wanted and paid for, I've
seen this things before'. But, I was wrong; she moved away from the frame for
few moments and came back with a long and thick leather whip.  Again, she said
something to the man and swung the whip thru the air; she was handy with it, I
knew, by the way she handled that whip, she did it before; It landed on man's
back once, then once again and as she continued to do her deed on him his back
began to bleed. I saw that he was yelling; it had to hurt pretty bad, 'Jesus,
how can anyone like so much pain?'

After at least 10 minutes of this caning she stopped; she went behind the camera
again and came closer to shoot his wounds; it looked pretty bad. Then, she
pointed the camera at his face; he was unconscious. Again, she placed camera at
the same place, came back and unshackled him; he just fell on the floor. She
pushed him several times with her leg, obviously trying to wake him up and
that's where the movie ended. 'Damn it, if Alex wanted to confuse me, she did a
good job, and if she wanted to scare me or warn me or something, she managed
that, too.'



It took me 5 days of thinking to figure out whether to call her or not; I still
wasn't sure but I had to bring the tape back. What if that woman was really
Alex? She was strong enough and obviously capable to handle me; as a cop she
knew her skills. I called her around 6p.m.; she said I could come by around 8.30
if I wanted to; I wasn't sure what I wanted anymore but still I went there.
"Come in; I just got in myself", I didn't know why but I felt pissed so I
decided to provoke her a little. "Where is your boyfriend? Not here?" she gave
me a harsh look, "He is not my boyfriend, ok. Cut that crap"

"Here is your tape" I said it like it was nothing but I couldn't hold myself,
"What kind of crap is that, ha? Why did you give to me?" she came closer and
said, "I just thought you wanted something new in your dull life so I gave you
the tape and, as I see, you watched it all." "Yeah, I watched it so what? By the
way, that latex suit don't look good on you" and that's where I made a mistake,
"What?!" she yelled, "You little prick...you think it was me on the tape, ha?"
"Well...I thought it might have been you, I don't know...I mean" I was little
scared by her reaction, "So? Was it you or what?" She calmed down and, after a
while, she said, "I guess you'll never know." It wasn't the answer I expected
but it was still better then a simple 'yes'. "If you want, take a seat; you know
where the drinks are, don't you? I'll be back in a minute" she stopped for a
moment and said, "If you don't want to, you know where the door is", she turned
and left without waiting for an answer. I took one beer and sat on the sofa; I
spotted that drawer from which she took the tape out, and curious as I am, I
went for it. There were more videotapes, some CD's and pair of handcuffs;
'Jesus, she has handcuffs all over the place.' I heard her moving so I ran to
that couch; I wasn't sure if she saw me but she kept calm. She came out wearing
a tight blue sweatshirt and some really short and tight jeans; on her feet she
had blue slippers with a small heel. "Still here? Good, I am glad" she said as
she passed by to the bar; she grabbed a beer, came back and sat on the sofa
opposite to me. "So, I guess you didn't like that tape, ha?" she said as she
lifted her bare feet on the table between us. She had great feet; small nicely
shaped and well maintained with red polish on her toenails. She saw me looking
at her feet so she said, "What? Like these?" she wiggled one in the air, then
she leaned forward and gave me a sneer, "Are you a feet-man?" "I thought you see
me as a kid, not as a man", I decided to take a bigger role in her game, "Yes,
maybe I am...you have great feet." She pulled her chair closer and placed one
foot on my knee, "Well, here they are; if you want you can play with them" she
kept that taunting look on her face. "And do what?" I asked, "Whatever you like"
she said, "I thought I should do whatever 'You' like, isn't that how it all
works?" She smiled ironically and said, "If that's what you want or better yet
what you need, we can talk it over and find some solution", she was just toying
with me; I couldn't say what she really wanted at the time. I decided to come
out clean so I said, "Look Alex...I know that you think I am just a kid and all,
but I really like you; I don't see a problem in this age difference, but I don't
like how you're toying with me. Just tell me to leave and I'll leave; I won't
bother you again." I thought she'll reply to that somehow, but the only thing
she said was, "Are you hungry?" I couldn't believe it; after what I told her,
she asks me if I am hungry! "Yes...No, I don't know. Why..." I still don't know
what I was about to ask. "Just stay put; I'll bring us some sandwiches" she
quickly stood up and went to the kitchen. She came back after a while with two
big sandwiches, two beers and a video tape. "What's that? Another one?" "I want
you to see this one too, ok? Just grab a sandwich and enjoy" she sat beside me.
I looked at her; she was beautiful and her scent made me all dizzy. She saw how
I looked at her and said, "What?" "Nothing, just looking." She put the tape in
the player and came back on the couch; I took the sandwich but I had no big
appetite for it. There were same people on this tape too; she was now wearing a
police uniform, same one as Alex had; man was naked again. Again, she had him
chained to the wall, this time with his back to it and he was more stretched
this time. She came closer to him and said something thru that mask but the
movie was soundless again. Then, she pulled out a pair of short rubber gloves
from her pocket and slowly slipped them on her hands. First, she just caressed
his cheeks and his face with those gloves and suddenly; she slapped him on his
right cheek. Then she slapped him once more on the other, and once more with a
back of her hand, stronger each time. She stopped for a while to say something;
he replied with, what I managed to read from his mouth, a simple yes. She began
to slap him again, this time in shorter intervals, with only her right hand
using front and back of it. After maybe a dozen his mouth were bleeding; she
stopped there just to squeeze her hand into a fist and then she hit him twice on
his chin. She came a little closer, grabbed his hair with her left hand and gave
him several blows into his abdomen and chest. By then, his face was all bruised
up and he lost his breath; however, the woman didn't wait for him to come
around; she just continued beating him up, hitting mercilessly without thinking.
She hit him at least 15 times into his abdomen, his side and chest. He couldn't
take it anymore so he just languished in those chains; she placed her hands on
her hips and started to yell at him, obviously not being so happy with him being
unconscious.

She moved away a bit and swung her right leg; her boot landed between his legs
right on top of his groin; "Jesus, this is so sick...why are we watching this?"
I was really disgusted by all this. I looked at Alex but she just watched it
like she was fascinated with it; the only thing she said was, "There's more."

Next scene came up and man was lying on the floor; the surrounding was
different, it looked like a basement. After a minute or two he woke up and she
was standing beside him; he looked up at her like he was begging but she just
pushed him down with her leg and climbed on his chest with her full weight. She
slowly began to walk over his torso and, with each step she left a mark on his
skin with her sharp and high heels. Soon, she was walking all over him, stepping
on his face, legs, temples, arms, all over. The man was in agony; her heels were
bruising him all over as his skin began to bleed from few of those bruises. This
was not the first time for him; by that time I noticed some old bruises and
scars on his skin. She stepped off of him and began to hit him with her legs,
ramming those boot tops and heels wherever she could reach. After a dozens of
blows she gave him, she hit him twice in his head and he lost his consciousness
again. She lifted her leg and placed her boot on top of his neck; I was sure
that she was about to kill him but at that point movie ended.

I was pretty shook up and Alex, she looked like she just saw a cartoon; there
wasn't any indication on her face that the movie touched her in any way. I
gathered myself a bit and I said, "Well...thank you so much for this great
performance; I guess now I know why people don't like you; you're sick!" I was
expecting her to get furious with me but she just said, "She killed him, you
know", "What? How do you know?" "I know because I was the one who arrested her;
she's in jail now." I couldn't say if she was lying to me or not so I asked,
"Jesus...who are these people" "They are just people like you and me" "No,
no...they are not like me; I am not like them; speak for yourself only, ok." She
was silent for a little while and then she said, "Maybe you won't believe me but
they were married...they were married for 7 years; if you had a chance to talk
to them, you'd never see anything unordinary about them." "Well, how do you
know? Did you know them?" "Yes...she used to work with me; she was a cop, too."
I couldn't believe what she was saying; she saw my disbelief so she said, "I
told you that you won't believe me, but it's the truth." I needed some time to
get my thoughts together; maybe she was right; maybe I am just a kid who cannot
comprehend things such as these. "So...why do you keep these tapes? How did you
get them?" "Those were found in their apartment with dozens of more; they were
playing like this for a long time. At the beginning it was pretty innocent until
she just lost it; she drugged him too, each time later because he didn't want to
play anymore, I suppose. These tapes were used as evidence so I made copies for
myself" "Ok, and?" I asked, "And what?" "Why do you still keep them? Why did you
showed them to me?" "I don't know really? It's not like I watch those on regular
basis, no. I just wanted you to see why people dislike me; she worked with me
and she was my friend for a while, and you know what people say, 'you're same as
the people you hang out with'", "But you're not, right? You're not like her?"
"Well...there is only one way for you to find that out" "And that is?" she
leaned closer and whispered, "You should let me shackle you to the wall" "What?
No way" I replied, "Well...you'll never know then, will you, ha, ha, ha..." I
saw her laughing for the first time. I couldn't believe in what I got myself in;
everything about Alex was like enigma to me; if she told me at the beginning
that she wants me shackled to the wall, I'd have probably said yes, but since
she showed me those tape she only wanted to puzzle me with them. "So, if I let
you shackle me to the wall, what guarantees I have that you won't just kill me,
ha?" "None I guess; but then again you should be able to say if I look like some
nutcase killer", "Couldn't we just do it in a simple old fashioned way; just
take our clothes off and get to bed, ha?" She began to laugh again, "ha, ha,
ha...now, that would be boring if I just let you jump me like that; you would
probably come in 20 seconds, horny as you are, and I'd be left swearing myself
for what I did; if you just want to empty your balls, you can do it by yourself,
you don't need me for that." I still was not able to figure her out. "So, we
come to the conclusion that, if you're are not completely certain of your own
satisfaction, nothing will happen, am I right?" She made a serious face as I hit
the right spot, "It's not like that," she said, "Oh? What is it like, then? You
tell me?" I managed to make her edgy as I was getting angry myself, " I don't
think we should talk anymore; maybe it's time for you to..." "But I interrupted
her, "Running away now, ha? We are just talking, aren't we? What do you want me
to do, tell me?" I attacked her, "Come on; I know you have something on your
mind, what is it?" I managed to confuse her, "I just..." but I interrupted
again, "What? You want me to lick you feet?" I was almost yelling; I saw her
eyes wide open in a surprise, "Very well!" I quickly squatted on the floor
beside her feet; I took her left foot in my hands and lifted it up in front of
my face; I removed the slipper from it, took it by the heel and gave a long lick
to her sole. I looked up; she was so surprised that her mouth were wide open
just as her eyes; I did it all so quickly she had no time to react. She wasn't
moving or saying anything; she just watched me without a single blink. I did it
again, but this time much slower, "And it's not so bad either" I wanted to humor
her a little. I put her slipper back on, got up and sat back on the couch beside
her, "So...you liked it?" I asked but she never answered; she just sat there
confused. "Who's the kid now?" I babbled to my chin; she suddenly stood up and
went to the bathroom. I didn't know where this was going, but I was proud of
myself for making her so confused. She came out once she came back to her
senses, "Well done; you really managed to dazzle me" she looked more confident
again, "I think that was a nice lick, thank you", "Oh, you're more than welcome"
I joked, "I don't mind doing that to you", "Really? What else you don't mind
doing for me?" "I don't know; we could talk about it maybe", she placed her foot
again on my knee and said, "You know what; I'd like my feet rubbed", "You'd like
your feet rubbed; ok, that shouldn't be a problem", I never did that before to
anyone, but I thought 'how hard that could be?' so I took her foot in between my
hands and began to rub it. I slid my fingers up and down her sole, pressing
gently; then I took her toes, one by one, between my fingers and rubbed them
gently, "Mmm...that's nice" she babbled thru her, almost closed, mouth.
"So...how does it feel? Does it just feels good or it turns you on, too?" I had
to ask, "Oh...little bit of both, I guess"; now, that was good; I managed to
turn her on, a little at least. "You are good at this kid," she said and I
stopped, "What? Why did you stop?" "I'd really appreciate if you could find a
way to stop calling me kid or boy or names like that." Suddenly, like she came
out of trans, she put on that serious face, removed her foot on the floor and
said, "Oh really? And which name, if I may ask, should be appropriate for me to
call you, ha? Do tell me, please", she acted almost furious; I couldn't
understand how she changed her moods so easily, "What did I do?" I asked in
wonder, "I think I should be one to decide by which name I'll call you; if you
don't like it, you're free to go anytime. It's late already, anyway; you should
leave now and I suggest that you don't tell your mum where you were; she won't
appreciate your honesty, believe me", she went to the door, opened them as she
was telling me to leave. And so I did; when I left it was almost midnight; I
lost track of time with her.

Once I got into bed, I couldn't stop thinking about her; she showed me those
tapes, then we had few good moments and then, she practically threw me out of
her apartment. I was supposed to feel angry or disappointed but no; I just kept
thinking about her; even more, I began to think of her feet and it turned me on.
I was feeling so defiant and more determined then ever before to get laid; I
just didn't know which game to play. 'Maybe I should just let her do what ever
she wants; let her play her games the way she sees it appropriate; that just
might get me inside her bed' I was thinking, 'but what now? She practically
threw me out and if I call her in a day or two I'll just come out as a wimp
dribbling over her; maybe I should do just that; I should go over there and beg;
she'd probably like that'



She saved my pride; two days later she called me when my parents were out and
said that I should come over as she wanted to talk with me; the sound of her
voice was telling me 'You can come or not; suit yourself, I don't give a damn'.

I told her I'll come around 7 p.m. and she agreed.

Once she let me in I asked, "So, what now? We watch another movie or something?"
she looked at me and said, "Really, you don't have to play a smart-ass with me;
you'll just come out more green and stupid." She silenced me with that all
right; I took a beer and sat by the kitchen table where she already was. "Let's
play a game of truth; I'll tell you something what's on my mind and then you'll
tell me something similar, ok?" I wasn't sure what to tell her but I agreed
anyway, "Ok, who goes first?" I asked, "I will", she thought it for a while and
began, "Ok, I have to admit that I was thinking about you yesterday; I am still
not sure why but I was thinking about you. I feel kind of bad for throwing you
out like that; it was just my temper manipulating me; sometimes I cannot control
it, it just bursts out", again she stopped for a few moments and continued,
"it's just that I am not used to have kid like..." she corrected herself,
"Someone young as you are flirting with me, that's all; it makes me a little
uncomfortable." She finished there, leaned back and waited, as then was my turn
to tell some truth. I wasn't really thinking so it just came out of me, "I was
ready to come here and beg" and it was all I said; she was waiting for more, but
since I kept silent she asked, "Beg? Beg for what?" "I don't know really;
anything I guess...I just wanted to be here with you and..." few moments passed,
"And what? Go on", "Well...if it means that I had to...I mean, have to do some
things maybe...you know, like what I saw on that movie or...I don't know" I lost
it; didn't know what I wanted to say. She had the advantage and she knew it; she
said calmly, "What things? I don't know what are you talking about"; she had
that self-confident look on her face. If I have had continued, it'd have made me
look even more stupid, so I decided to demonstrate instead of talk; I kneeled in
front of her, bowed my head down and kissed her foot. She looked at me still
having that calm look on her face and said, "Are you sure? Absolutely sure of
what you're doing?" "Yes" I confirmed and asked, "This is what you wanted,
right? Tell me, we are still in the truth game, yes?" she took her time and
nodded her head as a 'yes'. "Stand up" she said and so I did, "Now, turn
around", I turned my back to her; she took my hands and, as she pulled a pair of
handcuffs from somewhere, she locked them around my wrists. My heart was beating
fast as I listened what she was whispering in my ear, "You are under a house
arrest; you have a right to remain silent, anything you say can and shall be
used against you in way of punishment; you do not have a right for one call or
to consult with a third party; you do not have any rights at all except for the
ones I see fit at the time. Do you understand your rights?" I was almost shaking
from her words but I still said, "Yes". She stood up and said, "Come with me";
she led me to the bedroom; finally I was in her bedroom but, then, I wasn't so
sure anymore if that was the place where I wanted to be. "Stay here, I have to
make a call" and she left; after a while I heard her talking to someone but I
wasn't paying attention; I was just thinking 'what on earth I got myself into
now? Who knows what she'll do to me?' She came back and said, "I just had a talk
with Sylvia" (Sylvia was my mothers name), "I told her you'll be staying here
over night"; I was shocked; why would she do that? "Why...how..." I didn't know
what to ask, "Relax...she said it's ok; I told her you had few drinks too many
and it is not safe for you to drive; I am a cop, remember?" I wanted to say
something but she stopped me, "It's enough?" she reminded me of her previous
words; she came closer and unlocked the handcuffs, "Take your clothes off" she
ordered; I knew I had to obey otherwise she'd just kick me out again or do
something even worst. I began to strip and, once I was naked, she pointed to the
floor with her finger; I slowly squatted on my knees and she moved her foot
closer. She didn't have to say anything; I knew what she wanted. I bowed down
and began to lick her foot and as I did, she sat on the bed and said, "Take my
shoes off". I removed her slippers slowly and she raised her right foot in front
of my mouth, "Open it", I opened my mouth and she rested her toes on my lower
lip. First she circled her toes around my mouth and then pushed them in a
little, "Suck" she ordered. I began to suck her toes, one by one at first, then
all of them together; I didn't know why or how but I had a huge hard on. She saw
that and said, "I am glad you like this too." For the next couple of minutes I
was licking and sucking her feet, toes, soles, everything; I watched her from
time to time; she was getting turned on as I heard her heavy breathing and
moaning. In a little while she said, "Stand up", I stood up so had she, "Lay
down on the bed", I obeyed and she began to remove her clothes; she was
gorgeous; she had a great body, nice firm legs and breasts; she was all muscles
which didn't expose too much. Once she removed it all except her black silk
panties, she put on her slippers back and mounted me on the bed. Slowly, she
pulled her self up until her pussy was just an inch from my face, "Bite them
with your teeth; bite them hard", she was referring to her panties. I took those
between my teeth, minding not to bite her; once she was certain I held them
firmly she lifted herself up and those panties just fell apart on the stitches.
No material was made that soft; she did a job on them earlier. She removed them
from my mouth and moved herself a little closer; I was ready to bury my face in
her cunt and as she saw it she said, "A, a...no; just stick it out". I stuck my
tongue out and she slowly moved her lips around, touching only its top; she
rubbed her clit on it a few times and turned around to check my erection. I was
so turned on that I was afraid I just might explode before she even touched it.
Then, she moved down from my face to a little below my groin and took my balls
into her hand; she looked at me as I let out an 'mmmhh', "Don't! If you come now
I'll have to punish you; control yourself!" 'Yeah, like it was so easy to do'.
She took my dick in her hand and pulled it up and down few times, and then, she
slid on it slowly. I was inside her finally; it was so hot, wet and sticky; her
breasts were standing upright like two big lemons, her nipples were dark and
sharp. She began to move slowly up and down, circling her hips at the same time.
I knew I couldn't hold it much longer and it took me maybe 2 minutes before my
muscles began to twitch; I was fighting it hard but there was no use; I was
coming heavily, "AAAHH!" I almost screamed and, when she saw it, she took her
panties and showed them into my mouth, "Shut up!" she almost yelled but didn't
stop to fuck me; even more she increased the pace. I came within seconds and I
discharged it all, right inside her; my body was shaking for, at least, half a
minute more and she kept the pace all the way. Once, it was all over, she
stopped; she placed her hands on her hips and said, "And what now, ha? I told
you to control yourself, haven't I? You can say something now." I didn't know
what to say at first but I knew that she would eventually say 'you are just a
kid after all', "I am sorry" that didn't sound good but it was the only thing
that came out of my mouth, "You're sorry; well that won't do", "It's not just my
fault you know; you played with me way too long and I just couldn't hold it
anymore...but I want to do whatever I can to make it up to you" I had to adulate
her a little. She just watched me for a while and said, "Ok then." She stood up
on the bed with me still lying between her legs, "Stay right there"; she went to
the other end of the room and came back with that black bag she had few days
ago, while wearing her uniform. First, she took out more handcuffs, and locked
my hands and legs to the bed, one by one. At that point I was completely
immobilized and, as I realized how dangerous that could be, it was already too
late; she came closer with that bag, put her hand inside and was taking
something out of it, so slowly like she wanted to say 'guess what I've got'.
After few seconds she took out a strap-on with a plastic dildo on it, "Guess
what I am going to do with this" she said smiling. I wasn't sure but I guessed
right, "You'll probably put that on me somewhere", "Well, aren't you the smart
one"; she came to the top of the bed, lifted my head up and strapped that thing
around my face. She moved away a little, eyed me for a moment and said, "Nice".
Very quickly, she was again on the bed standing above me with my head between
her feet; she had her hands against her hips and she was looking down on me like
a hunter on its prey. She lifted her right foot, rubbed it on the dildo first
and then against my temple, "You ready? I am gonna give you a ride like you
never imagined." She squatted down and slowly slid on that dildo; it was a big
one so she let out a few 'Ahh's'; she began to ride my face up and down, slowly
at first and then she increased the pace, "Oh...Yesss...Oh Fuck...yeah" she was
close; after maybe a minute or so she went wild; she was literally jumping all
over my head; that dildo was a thick one but she was taking it all in. She was
coming hard; she leaned back placing her hands on my chest and, as she came, she
yelled; 'AAAHHHH!' Her hands began to squeeze my flesh and she ran her nails
right into my skin; she twitched her hip muscles a few times and then calmed
down. After a few moments of recuperation and catching her breath she said,
"That was...Good."

Slowly, she lifted herself up and, while she was dismounting from me, she saw my
new and fresh, stone hard, erection; "Well, that's very nice", she looked at me
with a wicked face and said, "It is going to be a long night, after all." She
came closer to top of the bed, leaned forward and almost whispered to my face,
"I guess I was only lying to your mum about drinking; after I am done with you,
you won't be able to drive anyway"; she removed the strap-on from my head and
saw few red marks on my chest, done by her nails, "Ooops! Did I do that? I never
noticed, sorry." She turned around and left; I called her name a few times as I
wanted her to release me but she never replied. Instead, she put on some
classical music and turned the volume on so my calling was pointless. I was
lying like that for, at least, 30 minutes when she came back; she had a beer in
her hand and said, "Want some? Here..." and she poured a little in my mouth,
"How's that?" she asked, "Fine. I guess you have no intention of releasing me
now, have you?" "No I don't. Why would I do that? Unless, of course, you want to
leave; do you want to leave?" she stopped for a second and said with an accent
to it, "Joey?" "No, I guess I don't" and I didn't really, "Good then; lets see
what else we can teach you. " It was little before midnight when she began her
little game of torture; she asked me, "Do you know what 'blue balls' means?"
"No, I have to say that I don't" I replied; "Well then; how about if I show
you." At first, it all seemed painless; she mounted me on the bed again, and
positioned herself 6 or 7 inches from my face; she began to touch herself all
over; she caressed her breasts and nipples and the rest of her chest. Her hips
were moving in narrow little circles, touching my skin with her hot and sticky
cunt; from time to time, she would took my dick in her hand and stroked it
slowly and gently. My erection was huge, stone hard and really long; then, she'd
leave it alone and continue to play with her self, touching her inner thighs
until she slowly reached her pussy. She played with her pussy lips right in
front of my nose; I was going nuts as I thought I would explode; but that was
just the beginning. After maybe 20 minutes of such torture she dismounted me
again and just left the room, "Hey!" I yelled after her but she just put on that
same music. 'Damn it1 if I just had one of my hands free' I thought, as I really
needed to relief my self. After a while, my erection was gone so I felt a little
calmer; I almost fell asleep waiting when she came back, "No, no...it's not bed
time yet", she climbed on the bed and placed her foot on my, presently limp,
dick. As she began to rub it gently, my spear went up again, "Good, that's more
like it"; she sat between my legs, bowed down and stuck her tongue out; it
touched the top of my dick for a few times and then, she just swallowed it all.
My dick was deep inside her throat as she began to suck me, gently at first,
then harder and harder. Once she saw I might burst she simply stopped, "How's
that for a change? Like it?" "Yes, it's great...it's just that...I really need
to relief myself now", she smiled wickedly and said, "Oh, I know; that's why
it's called 'blue balls'." I realized then that she had no intention to let me
come, not at the time anyway; my groin muscles were all tensed and it began to
hurt more and more. By the time we reached 3 a.m., I had at least 14 erections
and falls and I was already begging her seriously to finish me. She used all
kinds of things to turn me on again, each time I had a fall; she was merciless.
I began to feel dizzy of all that; there wasn't one single muscle in my body
that had been relaxed, "Please...I am begging you...just let me come; I'll do
anything, anything..." I was desperate. She was turned on and all hot, too, but
she was managing herself somehow. She stood there and watched me with my latest
erection on, "I just love to hear you beg and, if I help you now, you'll stop
begging; it won't be fun anymore" "No, no...I promise, I'll do anything; I'll
beg, crawl...you can do whatever you want with me, just let me come...please",
my eyes began to fill with tears; "Hmm...I don't know..." she thought it for a
while and, finally she said, "Well, ok; it has been more then 3 hours; I guess
it's enough for this time." She took my dick in her hand and began to stroke it
slowly; she just couldn't resist it so she had to stop two times more as she saw
I was about to spill it all out, "No...please, don't stop...I am dying here",
and after few minutes she found her way to mercy and allowed me to come;
"AAGGHHHH!" I screamed as I began to shoot out jets of sperm all over my body
and her hand. Some of it landed on the floor and around the bed; I was coming
for so long I thought it'd never stop. Once I was done, my whole body went limp;
I couldn't move or speak. She was wiping it off from her and me with a towel and
she said, "Oh...what's the matter now? Wasn't that great?" she looked all
victorious; " I did you good, didn't I?" "Yes...you really did" I found some
strength left in me to speak, "It was incredible...magnificent, thank you!" That
wasn't really what she expected from me so she put on that angry look again,
"You liked it?" she asked in disbelief, "Sure I liked it; I never came so
intense in my life before. I did take me 3 hours, but hey, I am a patient guy;
will you uncuff me now?" I said all that because I wanted to make her feel not
so victorious, "Yeah, ok" and she removed those handcuffs; as I was getting out
of the bed, I almost fell once my feet touched the floor; "What about you?" I
asked, "What about me?" "Well I wouldn't want you to feel
unsatisfied...physically at least", "And you think you can do that for me? You
think you could satisfy me now?" "Why not? I think I know now what kind of
things you like" I was determined to show her that I wasn't just a kid as she
thought so I continued, "I told you I'd do anything; I told you that you can do
whatever you want with me and I keep my promises, so...here I am" I turned
around and took that strap-on from the chair, "How about it?" she was just
standing there and looking at me; she probably figured how I'd just run away
from her once she had me loosed from those cuffs. I took her hand and led her to
the chair; she sat down and I kneeled between her legs. As I spread them, she
threw her right leg across the armchair and the other across my shoulder; I
pressed my mouth against her pussy lips and began to lick her; I licked her fast
and hard and, within seconds, she was all-wild again; her juices flew in
gallons. After few minutes I stopped for a moment to place that strap-on around
my head; I leaned the top of the dildo against her pussy hole and penetrated her
strongly, "AAHH!" she screamed, "Yes...Yes!" I immediately increased the pace
and began to fuck her with it; I fucked her really well; by each penetration she
moaned loudly. I took her right hand and placed it on my head; she grabbed my
hair and began to press my head to her pussy, "Yes...Yes...Oh, you little
fuck...you're good", "Fuck me...yeah...Oh, Ohhh, OOOHHH!" she let out her final
scream and came right into my face; she held me against her crotch until she
calmed down. Once she let go of my hair, I pulled the dildo out from her; I took
a look at her pussy and it was pretty red; I knew I did a good job on her. Once
she caught her breath she said, "I think we should go to bed now" she looked at
me for a second and said, "By the way; you were good...I am satisfied." 'That
was supposed to be a compliment, right?' We used the toilet in turns and once I
got out I asked, "Where do I sleep?" she smiled and took my hand, "Come, I'll
show you" and she took me right in her bedroom again to the bed, "This is where
we sleep, ok?" I had to admit I wasn't expecting she'd let me sleep with her in
the same bed. I got in and so had she; we both turned on the side and watched
each other for a while. Suddenly, she came closer, lifted herself a little and
kissed me; as I didn't react, she said, "Don't tell me you don't know how to
kiss?" "No...I know, it's just that I didn't..." but I never finished; she
kissed me again and before she did she said, "Shut up and kiss me." I returned
the kiss and it felt beautiful; we kissed like that for a while, very gently; we
hugged and fondled each other and it brought me another erection. As she slid
her hands all over me she touched my erected dick; she stopped, looked at me and
said with a smile on her face, "Well, well...you are a horny little bitch,
aren't you? I knew I dint make a mistake by taking you into custody...but, as
much as I like it, we have to sleep now", she kissed me one more time and,
pretty soon, we both fell asleep. All of the sudden, I didn't mind anymore if
she called me little; just before we fell asleep she said, "You know...if you
hated what we did here tonight then...it's going to get even worst if we
continue; on the other hand, if you liked it, I assure you, it'll just get
better and better; good night!"



I woke up around 9:30; the bed was empty. I went to the living room and called
her name twice but there was no response; on the kitchen table there was a note:
'Gone to work; fridge is full and these are the apartment keys; lock the door on
your way out. Alex.' I took some milk only, got dressed and left; at the lobby,
same doorman was behind the desk. He saw me, smiled and called me over, "Good
morning" he said, "Good morning; what's up?" I asked, "Nothing...I just wanted
to tell you something; I haven't seen anyone leave that apartment after her in
years" "A...well, what do you think it means," I asked, "Don't know; you figure
it out...bye" and I left. Once I got home, I saw my mum sitting at the table
waiting for me; "Hi" I said, but she just asked, "What were you doing there?"
"Where?" I acted ignorant, "You know; at Alex's place." I didn't know what to
say; I thought about it for a while, "Well?" she continued, "Well...I went over
there because she invited me; we talked and..." "And what?" "And I never got
drunk for not being able to drive." She looked confused, "I don't understand;
what's that suppose to mean?" "That means she didn't tell you the truth; I just
stayed over night, but I wasn't drunk." At that point she began to look
concerned, "You just stayed; doing what?" I leaned a little closer and said,
"Come on mum; what do you think?" she looked at me in disbelief, "You...you..."
she couldn't finish, "Yes, I slept with her" I was pretty calm about it, "Oh,
Jesus...for cryin' out loud" I guess she wasn't so happy about it, "You slept
with Alex?!" "Yes mum, I slept with Alex; what's the big deal?" "What's the big
deal? You're just a kid, for Christ's sakes!" she was mad, "Mum, I am not just a
kid, ok; she didn't rape me or something, I made my own choices...and she's
single so..." she placed her head between her hand looking all too much worried;
but I had no worries; I knew my mother, she was an open-minded woman, "I always
thought you'd find some nice girl your own age and..." "Mum! It's not like I am
getting married or something, come on" "What is it with you? You have a thing
for my friends? First Ann, now Alex..." 'She knew about Ann'; "How do you know
about Ann?" I was really surprised by that, "Never mind; I just knew."
"Look...Ann was a mistake, ok; it just happened...she was drunk and I was
flattered, I guess...but this is different." She watched me for a while and
said, "Ok, do what you like; I just think you picked the wrong woman; you should
be with a girl your own age, more-less." "I'll be fine, ok; don't worry about
me" and that's where we ended. I was glad that to have cleared it with mother; I
never fancied too many secrets. Alex was working and I had all the time in the
world; it was summertime, no school or anything else for me to do. I've spent
the day at my friend's place and from there I called Alex but she wasn't home,
so I left a message on her answering machine. When I got home I found my mother
on the phone talking to Alex, "Here...it's for you" she made some weird grin on
her face as she handed me the handset, "Hi" she said, "I see you told your
mother about us", I was pretty sure she'd disapprove but instead she said,
"Good; I wanted to suggest the same thing", "Really? I must say I wasn't
expecting that from you", "Never mind that; I need to go out and do some
shopping so...if you like you could come over later on; let's say around 9?"
"Ok...but, maybe I could come earlier; I've nothing to do and I have the key,
remember?" "Yeah, I forgot...ok then, suit yourself and I'll be back at 9, ok"
"Ok" I confirmed and hung up.

It was only 5 p.m. and I came to a great idea; I had her keys so I decided to go
over there and snoop a little; that way I'd be able to expect better what she
could come up with. I drove fast so I got there around 5:45; the doorman saluted
me but said nothing this time. I went up, opened the door and let myself in; I
was pretty relaxed so I took a beer and began to snoop; the apartment was huge
and, at the left end of the lobby I found one door, which I couldn't open. There
wasn't nothing special or strange to find except for those tapes; however, I had
no attention of watching those again. I didn't know what to do so I put on some
music, Robert Palmer was my choice. 'Maybe I should do something special for
her; just to make her feel good when she gets back' I thought, although I didn't
have a clue what to do. I went into the bedroom; someone tidied up the place; I
guessed she had a maid or something. I've tried to open the only bigger closet
in her apartment but it was locked; too many locks 'she's probably hiding
something' I figured. I left it alone because I didn't want to make her mad; she
came in at 9 sharp, "Oh, you're here; good" she came over to the couch where I
was lying and almost fell asleep; I stood up and she grabbed my shirt just below
my neck; she pulled me forcefully towards her and, when I was close enough, she
kissed me softly, "How about some food?" She never waited for an answer;
instead, she left to the bedroom; once I heard a shower I sat back. After 10
minutes she came out; she had a black satin negligee and a really short one; on
her feet, she had black sandals with open heel; those had high heels, those
weren't something women wear around the house regularly; her hair was all loose
and still wet and she looked magnificent. She put on all of that just to make me
nuts; I couldn't take my eyes off of her. "Let's cook" she said and went to the
kitchen; I followed promptly, "My mother thinks you're no good for me" I said
while I helped her with salad, "She's right; After I am done with you, you won't
be able to stop thinking about me" she said that smiling, "I already can't" I
said, she looked at me with a suave kind of look and said, "Really? That could
be a problem for you later", "I don't think so...you see, when you're done with
me, you'll never want anyone else but me". My self-confidence really intrigued
her; "And what if I just use you and then kick you out, ha? What then?" I didn't
want to awake any caprice in her so I just said, "Well...I guess I'd just have
to deal with it, won't I?" I stopped for a while and said silently, "And with my
broken heart, too." She watched me for a while and then she said, "No promises,
no strings, no obligations, ok?" and I just had to agree, "Ok". 'While it lasts,
it lasts' I thought. "Why don't you finish this? Just, stir this sauce for
another 15 minutes; at the same time spaghetti should be done, too. I had a
rough day, so I'll just stretch my legs over there" she pointed to the couch, "I
want to watch you work at the kitchen" "Sure, no problem." She went to the couch
and lied down; after a minute I turned around and saw her taping me with a
camera, "What's that?" I asked, "What does it look like? It's a camera", "I know
but, why are you taping me?" "No reason; just for fun" I just smiled to that.
When I finished, she was already at the table, but still taping me, "Come on,
let's eat," I said; I brought all of it to the table and, still standing, put
some of the food in her plate. As she was still holding that camera, it suddenly
reminded me of that tape; the scene was completely the same; guy was cooking
then the guy was serving and eventually he ended up dead. I almost freaked out,
"Why are you taping me?" I almost yelled, " I told you; just for fun; what is it
with you, anyway?" and then she remembered, "Oh...that tape" she turned it off
and said, "There...happy now?" I calmed down a bit and sat opposite to her; she
leaned a bit towards me and said calmly, "I am not a killer, ok?" she waited a
little and continued, "But I still want you chained to the wall" I almost choked
on my food, "W...what?" "Well, you did say you will do anything for me, didn't
you? So, if I choose the chains, what then?" I had to think it over but I still
said, "I guess I'd do it...I am that stupid, I guess, to keep all of my
promises". She didn't say anything; instead, she just enjoyed the food; after a
while she stood up and went to the kitchen again; she came back with two bottles
of red wine and said, "Tomorrow is Sunday and we can have some more fun today,
what do you think?" she pointed out the bottles; "I guess we can." Once we
finished the meal I picked up my plate but she said, "Don't mind the dishes now;
let's go sit on the couch"; I took the bottles and she took the glasses; she put
on some music and sat beside me. Soon, bottles were empty and I felt a little
drunk; she brought another one and I saw that she was dizzy, too; she leaned on
the side of the couch and placed her legs in my lap; I looked at her shoes and
said, "Why are you wearing these around the house?" "I like those shoes and I
like wearing heels, too"; her legs really looked great when she had high heels
on. "Tell me something; what do you honestly think of or feel now, when you look
at my feet like that?" I smiled and said, "You got me; I guess I am a feet-man
after all" I stopped for a while and watched her put on that wicked grin on her
face, "But, then again, when I look at you, I am not just a feet-man...I am a
leg-man, tit-man, pussy-man...ass-man...all of you-man"; she burst into
laughter, "ha, ha, ha! That's great, that's really great" at first I thought she
was making fun of me so I said, "Well thank you very much for laughing at me
like that; I tell you what ever you want and you..." but she interrupted me,
"No, no...I am sorry; I wasn't laughing at you; it's just that nobody ever gave
me that kind of compliment; nobody ever said to me 'I want to lick you all
over'; but it's great...really...thank you, I like it" she calmed me down a bit.
"The wine is good, don't you think?" I was a beer man until then, so I didn't
know much about wines, "Yes, I guess; I am not an expert" "So...do we need to
call your mother again if you would stay over night?" "No, it's ok; she knows
where I am; at least, she knows I am not a kid anymore", she didn't comment on
that. "So, tell me something; you said that the woman on the tape killed that
guy; how exactly did she do it?" For a few moments she just watched me and then
she said, "You really wanna know?" "Yes" I confirmed, "I could show you if you
like", "What do you mean show me? Like...demonstrate me?" I showed fear on my
face again; she saw that and said, "Well...I could demonstrate you but that's
not what I meant, silly" she pulled herself up and sat, "You see...I have that
on the tape, too" she said almost looking proud, "What? She taped that too? She
taped the act itself? Jesus!" "Yeah, she did; and there's more too; it's the
only scene with a sound." I felt shivers going thru my flesh; as I thought of it
my blood froze and I was scared shitless. I looked at her and she seemed calmed
and normal like it was just a cartoon, "So...you want to see it?" "I don't...I
am not sure...I" I just lost my ability to speak, "Well...suit yourself; if you
want it, it's right there", she pointed to the drawer; as I was thinking about
it I almost began to shake, but I was curious, too, "Ok...let's see it" I said.
"Ok then" she stood up and went to get the tape, "But I have to warn you; it's
not pretty at all; you may have problems sleeping after you watch this" she
stopped for a second or two to see if I would change my mind, maybe, but as I
didn't reply she said, "Ok" and took the tape from the drawer. She put it in the
player, came back to the couch and gave me the remote, "Here...when you're
ready" and she just leaned back. It took me few minutes before I pressed 'Play'
button and, as the scene came up, immediately there was the sound, too.

It began the same way the previous scene ended on the other tape; a man was
lying on the floor unconscious and the woman was standing beside him with one of
her feet on his neck. I guessed that she wanted to kill him a that point but, as
he began to regain his consciousness she removed her foot, 'Good' she said, 'You
shouldn't be sleeping during our game, you idiot'; the guy was so weak and he
was barely moving; some from that cruel beating she gave and some from the drugs
Alex told me about, 'Come...we have to play some more' the woman said and helped
him on his feet. They both left the frame and after a while she came and turned
off the camera. When the next scene came, the camera was again still on
something and the scene was showing him sitting on a chair; then she came into
the frame with some ropes in her hand. He was awake but he barely moved in that
chair as she began to tie that rope around him and around the chair, 'Just
relax; I'll take care of everything' it wasn't Alex's voice and the woman still
had her mask on; she bonded him to the chair beginning from his ankles all the
way up to the top of his chest. Once she finished he wasn't able to move his
body for an inch; only his head was loose. She came in front of him and touched
those bruises he had on his face; she licked a little of his blood that rested
on her finger and looked at him with a pity, 'I really did it this time, didn't
I?' but he wasn't replying to anything she said; she pulled a duct tape from
somewhere, ripped a piece and slowly placed it over his mouth, 'There...now
you're packed' she said. She went out from the frame and came back after a
minute; I looked at Alex; she had her eyes wide open and a really serious face
on. I thought 'it finally gets to her after all'; the woman squatted in front of
him and said, 'You know that we have to do this, don't you?' but still, he never
moved or even tried to say or indicate anything. She stood up and I saw that she
held a piece of rope in her hand; camera was shooting him from the profile as
she stood behind him; she placed the rope at front of his neck holding each end
in one of her hands; 'Jesus...she's going to strangle him' it hit my mind. Again
I took a look at Alex; she was breathing deeply and still had her eyes wide
open, "I can't believe this excites you" I said; she just looked at me and said,
"Who says this excites me? You feel tensed too when you watch a horror movie or
something, don't you?" I don't know why but I never bought it. The woman wrapped
the rope around his neck and changed the ends of it in her hands so she held it
criss-crossed; slowly, she began to tight it up and he began to lose the air. As
he was all bonded and with the tape across his mouth he didn't move much; he
just yanked his head a little and I heard some indefinite sounds coming from his
throat. Woman was breathing deeply and slowly; it was awful; my eyes began to
fill with tears. She was strangling him like that for a long time, as she wanted
to prolong his agony; he yanked his head a few times more sharply and that was
it; he was near his end when she suddenly stopped and loosed the rope. I looked
at Alex and said, "You lied to me; she didn't kill him" and just as I completed
the sentence I heard the same sounds coming from the TV; I turned my head to see
and the woman was strangling him again; 'Jesus...no, not again' I thought; Alex
just kept silent. It seemed that this strangulation brought the guy to his
consciousness; he looked much more aware of the things. I saw his eyes; he was
freaking out as he yanked his head rapidly like he wanted to say 'NO!' Again,
she was tightening that knot around his neck for maybe a minute or so; once he
was near his end, again she stopped and loosed the rope. He was fighting for a
breath of air; she removed the rope from his neck and disappeared from the
frame; I looked at Alex with a slight hope in my eyes that she, maybe, lied to
me after all, but she just slowly waved her head as a 'No'. I couldn't turn my
head towards the television; I felt sick; Alex took my hand and said,
"Look...it's going to happen" I was swallowing heavily; I thought I'd throw up
right there in her lap. I don't know how but I managed to turn my head to the
television; she came back into the frame but without her mask this time; it was
the first time I saw her face; I knew I never seen it before but somehow, it
looked very familiar. Again, she was standing behind him; swiftly, she removed
the tape from his mouth and he said, "Please...don't..." Suddenly, she pulled up
a knife from somewhere below the frame, grabbed his hair and threw his head
back, "Sorry..." she said as she placed the knife under his neck; the man
screamed 'NOOOOOO!' but she just slid his throat. At the same time I screamed
too, "NOOOO!" but it all was real, too real to believe it; he gurgled in his
blood for a few seconds and then, as she let go of his head; it just fell down
lifeless. The woman just approached the camera and turned it off; I was shaking
all over; tears ran down my cheeks and, as I looked at Alex, I saw her eyes
dripping with liquid, too. She was human after all; she looked at me and said,
"That was...that..." she couldn't finish; I came closer and hugged her, "It's
ok," I said. We stayed like that for a while; she pulled herself out of the hug
and said thru tears, "That was my sister."

I was shocked; completely speechless I sat there and watched her in disbelief,
"Your...your sister?" I asked and she just nodded her head. I couldn't believe
it; each minute I was finding out new facts about her and those were constantly
coming up more and more difficult to apprehend. I felt sick and furious; I felt
pity and disgusted; I hated and I loved; all kinds of feeling ran thru me
simultaneously; after all, like it or not, I was only 18 but I felt that there
was not one bit of innocence left in me; it was all gone in seconds. "I keep
these tapes because, very time I watch them, I hope to see someone else; not my
little sister..." she was barely speaking thru tears, "As I watch them I try to
figure out why...how...but it's all for nothing", suddenly, she was feeling much
worst then me. I pulled her closer and hugged her again, "I think you should get
rid of those tapes; what's done is done; those will just make you insane if you
continue to watch them...and nothing will change, anyway". After few moments she
said, "Yeah...you're probably right."

"Here" I offered her some wine, "Just calm down"; the situation was inversed
now; I was the calm one and she lost it. I stood up, removed the tape from the
player and went to pick the rest of them; I came back to the couch with 7 tapes
in total and said, "Ok...can I scrap these now?" she looked up and said, "Yeah,
you do that...Wait!" she stopped me; she stood up and said, "Not that one" she
pointed to one of them, "That's something else". I checked it but there was no
sticker on it, "Ok...take this one" she took it and I held the rest, "I'll just
get rid of these later, ok?" "Ok" she confirmed. We had some more wine and just
sat on the couch holding each other; she wasn't that strong policewoman I knew;
she was soft and gentle, suave and feminine. "Do you ever visit her?" I asked
after maybe an hour, "My sister? No...never; she called me once from the jail
and we talked; I told her never to call me again" she seemed determined,
"Well...maybe..." but she interrupted me, "NO! I don't even want to remember her
anymore, ok?" "Ok, ok...I am sorry" I looked at her with an investigative look,
"What?" she asked, "Have you ever...I mean, in the line of work...did you..." I
just couldn't say it, "What? Did I what?" "Have you ever killed...I mean shot
anyone at work...you know, like in self-defense?" She smiled a little and said,
"Yes...I shot a guy once but in a leg; he's not dead; he pulled a gun on me but
I was faster, so I shot him in his knee; then he was hospitalized and arrested,
that's all." I waited a little and then I said, "You know, few days ago when I
came here the first time..." "Yes", "Well, you remember how you took that small
knife to cut my underwear?" she was smiling, "Yeah, I remember"; "Well, I felt
really..." she acted surprised, "What? It turned you on?" "No! I was scared
shitless" "Ha, ha, ha" finally, she was laughing, "Oh poor thing; I managed to
terrify you on our first date", she turned and mounted me as she said, "I should
make it up to you; you were nothing but great to me" and she kissed me very
passionately. She kissed my cheeks, my neck and her tongue ended up in my ear;
she whispered to me, "I could never hurt you that way but I still want you in
the chains" she looked at me wickedly. "Have you always been like this with your
boyfriends?" she waited for a moment and said, "Yes, but usually, they always
ran like hell once I mentioned the chains" "No wonder" I said and she replied,
"Yes...but you're still here, aren't you?" "I guess I am" I said and kissed her
again. "Where do you keep them?" "Where do I keep what?" "The chains"; she
smiled and said, "Come" and as she was getting up she pulled me up, too. She led
me to that door on the end of the lobby; she unlocked and opened them and, as
she stepped in I hesitated a little; She looked at me with her eyebrows lifted,
"Well? Won't you come in?" so I stepped in. It was completely dark inside so she
led me by the hand; she turned on the light and what a surprise it was,
"Jesus...you have a real dungeon in here" I looked at her in disbelief; she just
raised her shoulders. There were chains hanging from the walls and ceiling,
shackles on the floor, a big iron closet by the wall, some weird chair and a
huge bed covered with black plastic sheet. I was so occupied with examining the
room that I never noticed how she went and locked the door; I heard a click and
turned around; she was standing by the door watching me and she had that weird
look on her face again. I said kind of pitifully, "Now I am fucked, right?" and
she just nodded with her head. My heart was beating faster; I didn't know if it
was fear of what was to come or her, looking all sharp and determined which
really turned me on; she slowly gathered her hair and made a horse tail on top
of her head; she stepped towards me and her footsteps sounded so equal,
seductive and dangerous. "You could still leave, you know; we do this only if we
both want it, otherwise it's off" she wanted to give me another chance to think
it over, I guessed; but I didn't; I just said, "No...I'll stay" she stretched
her lips to a smiley grin, "Good...come here" I came a little closer to her,
"Take your clothes off" she ordered; slowly, I removed all of my clothes and
stood completely naked in front of her, "Place your feet near these" she said
and pointed to the two shackles on the floor; as I did, she squatted down and
locked them around my ankles. Those were apart from each other for about 4 feet
so my legs were apart, too; I looked above me and saw two shackles hanging from
the ceiling, each with a 3-4 feet long chain; she told me to raise my hands one
by one and she locked those shackles around my wrists. So, there I was in
chains, as she wanted me to be; naked and helpless: just the sight of me turned
her on; I noticed how excited she became just by looking at me. She moved to
that closet and opened it; I saw that it was full with all kinds of toys and
accessories for SM games; whips, more handcuffs, leather and latex suits and
corsets, dildos, shoes, boots, masks and other unordinary stuff; "Jesus...you
are equipped really well, aren't you?" I said, "Well enough" she replied; she
was checking it for a while figuring out what to use; first she removed her
clothes and remained only in her underwear; she took out on leather corset and
put it on. On one side of the closet door there was a mirror; she looked at the
mirror to see how she looked; after that she put on some halters and pair of
netlike stockings; once she fixed those she again took a look at herself on the
mirror; this looked like a ceremony she enjoyed to put up for herself. Little
later she took out two pairs of boots and three pairs of shoes; none of those
were for ordinary daily use; a woman could wear them on the street but she would
look a little weird; all had very high heels; boots had 2" thick soles, one pair
had spikes on the heels so sharp they looked like nails. "Which one do you like
the best?" she asked me, "I don't know; I never had a pleasure before to see
something like that; does it matter really?" she looked at me all in wonder, "Of
course it matters; otherwise I'd just have one single pair, right?" "Ok, when
you say so; I just don't see what's the difference", "Oh...but you will...soon."
She sat on that strange chair and put one pair of those shoes; they had a sharp
front with a metal plate on top of the front part, two laces to tie around
ankles and high heels like all the rest. Once she stood up I heard that her
footsteps had a really resonant sound; the soles had to be made of some pretty
hard material and probably, the shoes were not comfortable to wear at all. She
came closer, looked at me and took a deep breath, "Well...here we are" she said,
"Yes...here we are," I repeated. She took my nipples and slowly rubbed them
between her fingers until they got stiff and reddish; it didn't really hurt but
wasn't so pleasant either. She squatted a little, leaned forward and took one of
them into her mouth; now, that was much better; she sucked on it for some time
and then, she grabbed it between her teeth; I hitched a bit as she bit me,
"Ouch!" it hurt too. She began to kiss my chest and every now and then she'd bit
my flesh, still rather gently; I got used to it after a few times so I didn't
make any sounds. She went down near my groin and bit my leg and my hip; slowly,
she went behind me still kissing my body. Once she reached my rear end she
stopped, passed across my buttocks with her hand and said, "Nice...firm and
soft; fresh and eatable"; I was just about to say something when she ran her
teeth into my cheek, "Oouchh!" this time I yelled; I tried to turn my hand to
look down but I couldn't; I just felt her jaw tightening around my flesh. Once
she let go I felt my cheek burning; I said, "What was that?" she stood up,
looked at me and went for the closet, "It doesn't work that way" she said and
brought back a duct tape; "No...I'll be quiet from now on; please don't put
th...mmgghh"; I never finished, she just glued it over my mouth. "You'll be
quiet now, won' you?" I had to nod with my head; I had no choice anyway. She
took a riding crop from the closet and came back; 'Jesus...now I am fucked; why
did I agree to all this, at the first place?' First, she tapped it few times on
my hips an my side and she went behind me; she hit me few times on my buttocks
and my back, still not seriously, "Like this, ha?" she asked, "I bet you want it
harder" I waved my head few times but she hit me again much harder; I couldn't
yell or scream but I managed to let out something like "Mmm!" That didn't bother
her so she just continued; after few dozens of hit my rear end felt like I was
sitting on a stove. She came back in front of me and saw the pleading look on my
face; she caressed my cheek and said, "Sorry...it's too late now; can't just let
you go now"; I just bowed my head in disappointment but that never touched her
either. Instead, she went to the closet, left the crop and took out one long and
thick leather whip; she came closer and said, "Three letters, three numbers; you
choose...A, B & C; think about it" at first I didn't understand but, little
later I figured it out; she wanted me to choose how many lashes I get. I began
to wave my head and put back on that pleading look but she just said, "I will
say one by one; you nod with your head which one do you want; if you don't I'll
make my own choice"; I was freaking out but she just began, "A" and she stopped
for 10 seconds maybe, "B"; I knew she'll do it anyway so I just nodded,
"Good...it shall be 24 then" and she disappeared behind me. I couldn't see
anything; I just heard the whip falling on the floor; she kept me in suspense
for some time; I was freaking out; I began to breath fast and shallow as the
panic just got all over me; she saw that and said, "It'll calm you down" and, as
she swung the whip I heard a sharp noise cutting the air; it landed across my
back and it hurt like hell; "MMMMHH! GGHHH! It was all I could release from my
throat. She kept whipping me without mercy in equal intervals until she reached
10; "Are you counting?" and she began again; I managed to count 14 and then I
lost it; the pain was too strong and I felt I was loosing my consciousness. Each
lash felt like a ball of fire landed on my back; few lashes ended around my
waits or shoulders and, as the whip was really long, those came all the way
forward hitting my chest and stomach. She began to increase the pace; it was so
rapid I almost didn't feel it anymore; I ceased to twitch my body as I did
before with each hit. My hands, legs and the rest of me just went limp in those
chains; I felt so dizzy I never noticed when she stopped. She came in front of
me, took my chin and lifted my head; we looked at each other for a while and she
just let go of my head. She came back after a minute and put something under my
nose; the smell was so intense and sharp it brought me back to my senses
immediately. I waved my head again with my eyes wide open; slowly she removed
the tape from my mouth and I made a biggest mistake ever, "Why? Why...I hate
you...you bitch" I never should of said that; she was calm; she just went over
to the closet without showing any emotions, dropped that whip on the floor and
came back with some tight rubber gloves on her hands and a black marker in her
hand; she opened the marker and slowly wrote on my chest '7'. I didn't know what
that meant and I didn't pay much attention; "So...you hate me, ha? And I am
bitch, right?" she fixed the gloves a little; "Ok, then" she said, swung her
hand and slapped me hard on my mouth, "Say it again" she said; as I didn't
respond she repeated but much louder, "SAY IT!" I looked at her with my eyes
closed half way and said, "Bitch". She swung her hand again and hit me directly
on my mouth but with a fist this time; at that time I knew she was capable of
killing me. My lips began to bleed and she went away again, this time she left
the room; she came back after a little while with a glass of water and a pill;
she opened my mouth and said, "Here...this will make you feel better"; I took it
without thinking; I was to dazed to think. She sat on the chair and waited;
after maybe 10 minutes she came to me and again put that small bottle under my
nose to wake me up from my dizziness. "Feeling better?" she asked; I wasn't
really feeling better but I felt no pain anymore; it was that pill that did it.
"Good" she said, "Now, we can continue"; she grabbed my hair and hit in the
stomach and once again on my side; she stopped to see if I was hurting. I didn't
feel too much pain when she hit me; I felt a little only but it was more like
strange and uncomfortable feeling then painful one; that pill was really strong
stuff as it made me completely num. She continued with set of blows to my body
and my face and after few minutes she stopped, as she was exhausted; once she
regained her breath, she unlocked the shackles from my hands and I just fell on
the floor. The pain was slowly coming back; I felt it all over my body. That
pill did something else to me, too; I was aware of everything but I barely moved
at all as it took all of my strength away. She pulled the chair and watched me
like that for a while, "Doesn't this remind you of something?" she asked with a
menace in her voice; I barely looked up, as my eyelids were feeling too heavy,
"The tapes" she said. But, long time before she said that I already knew; I
managed to say a few words, "So...are you going to...kill me?" she looked at me
seriously and said, "I don't know" and after a while, "I don't want to kill
you...but I want to see you die." She thought for a while and said, "You
see...as I watched those tapes I began to ask myself what it would be like...how
would it feel to do all those things to someone? But, I never had enough courage
or a chance to...well, you know; and then, you came around like a gift.
So...here we are" she stood up above me and came above my head with her legs
spread; she lifted one leg and placed it on my chest, "I guess I could do it
many ways" she pressed some more and soon, she was standing on top of me; I felt
her heels just wanted to slide inside my flesh as sharp they were. "I could just
cut your throat, or..." she continued to freak me out as she slowly walked on
top of me, "Or maybe strangle you...or just kill you with my spikes" she walked
backward and turned around as she reached top of my chest; she placed one foot
on my neck, "Or maybe like this...I could just break you neck by stepping on it"
she stepped off of me and went towards the closet; I knew she wouldn't kill me
so I said, "Why don't you just take your gun...and shoot me" I heard her coming
back and she sat on the chair; as she removed her shoes and was putting those
boots on she said, "No...these will do it better" she showed me the boots; she
brought the ones with spikes; I looked at her and said in fear, "Oh god"
"Almost, but not quite." She put on and buckled the boots; as she stood up and
walked beside me I heard sharp metallic sound bouncing from the floor. She
stopped and put one of them on my chest; they felt so heavy with those thick
soles, "Now, be very still...otherwise you might end up hurt" she slowly applied
more pressure and, after few seconds, climbed on top of my chest; as her spike
felt too painful I moved a little and one just ripped my skin, "I told you not
to move; look what you did" she said when she saw blood coming out below the
spike. Slowly, she moved her legs, one by one, atop of me; each time she did my
body moved and a new bruise opened beneath the spikes; I wanted to control it
but I just couldn't; I was completely beside myself by the whole torture. "What
is it with you? Don't move!" but I just couldn't be still and, after few minutes
I was all bruised up by her spikes. I couldn't think straight so I said, "Are
you...enjoying this?" she looked at me and said, "Yes...it feels great having
you under my boots" she stepped off, squatted down and removed the shackles from
my ankles; she helped me up and sat me on the chair. The pain was back
completely; I felt my bruises burning all over my body. She came back from the
closet again carrying a rope; just as on that tape, she began to bond me to the
chair from my ankles. Once she reached my neck she stopped and said, "No tape
this time". She went to the closet again and I heard her making some noise; I
was completely immobilized so I couldn't see. She removed the mirror from the
door and hanged it on the wall opposite to me; either she wanted me to see,
either she wanted for herself to be able to see everything from.

She got behind me and showed me one leather lace, about 3 feet long; she placed
it on my neck beneath my chin and wrapped it around. She switched the ends in
her hands and said, "This is it...I'll do my best not to go to far" and she
began to pull the ends in opposite way. I was slowly loosing the air; less and
less of it came thru to my lungs and she pulled it until there was no air
anymore; I began to choke. I don't know why but I was pretty calm, considering;
I couldn't see anything in that mirror as my sight was all blurred but I heard
her breathing really heavy. It seemed like an eternity before she stopped and it
was just on time; few second more and I'd be gone. As she loosened the lace I
began to catch my air in deep quick breaths and after a little while I calmed
down; she came in front of me and I barely said, "Happy now?" she never answered
to that but instead, she began to remove the rope. Once I was free, she helped
me up to the bed; I stretched on it and she went away; she came back in a few
minutes carrying a small box and a bottle and she was again in the same clothes
she had before. She opened the box, took out some cotton and some other things
and was cleaning and fixing my bruises; after some time she realized what she
did to me and said, "Oh god...you shouldn't have done this...you should have
left." Each time she touched one of my wounds it felt like she did it with a
needle; she was talking but I just looked at the ceiling completely numbed. "You
shouldn't go home like this; I never thought about that; can you stay? Maybe
whole day tomorrow...we could just call your mother and say that, as it is
Sunday, we were about to go somewhere and..." she talked and talked. After a
while I just looked at her indifferently and said, "I'll stay."

"Good; come, let's go to bed" "No...I'll rather sleep here" "Here? Why...here is
not good for you...I mean..." but I just wanted to be left alone, "Please...just
let me sleep in here...I need to be alone, now"; she looked at me in
disappointment and said, "Ok then...I'll just..." she leaned a little like she
wanted to kiss me but she quit on it; she stood up and as she was leaving, "I'll
be in my room" and that was it. I fell asleep but my wounds woke me up after an
hour or so; I got up, put my clothes on and left the apartment; it was 3 a.m.

I told my mother I got into a fight as she saw only my face and, of course, she
gave me a lection and all that. That was it; I got back to my life as usual.





"Joey" my mother called me, "I need to tell you something"; three months past
since my last encounter with Alex; "I don't know if it will mean anything to you
but I feel like you should know..." "Ok; what? Spit it out already" she wasn't
sure whether to tell me or not, "It's about Alex" she watched my reaction but I
kept I calm, "Yes...what about her?" "Well...she is in the hospital; she was
shot on duty last week." Suddenly, I felt really strange; I didn't know what I
was supposed to feel; my feelings were mixed; I felt sorry and concerned and
indifferent in the same time; I had to say something so I asked, "Will she make
it?" "I don't know...I just know she was shot but I don't know how bad" she
stopped for a while like she was thinking and then she said, "I never understood
why she wanted to be a cop at the first place; she has got everything that one
could need from life"; I turned around and, as I was leaving, I said silently,
"She likes handcuffs" but I think she didn't hear it. I decided to go to the
hospital; I wasn't sure I wanted to see her but I needed to know if she'd make
it. I missed the visiting hours but it didn't matter as I wasn't going to visit
her; I stopped one nurse on my way to the intensive care where Alex was; I asked
her about Alex, "And you are?" she inquired, "Just a friend" "Good...visiting
hours are over but, since nobody came to see that poor girl, I'll let you in
and..." "No, no...I just want to..." but the nurse opened the door beside us and
literally pushed me in; I still wanted to leave, "No...I don't want to go..."
but she was persuasive; she grabbed my hand and turned me around, "There she is;
stay as much as you like" and promptly, she left. I looked at Alex; she was
sleeping and, looking at her like that, all connected to wires and hoses, I was
overwhelmed with sorrow. I approached a little to take a better look; she was
pale and she lost weight. But still, her face was beautiful; all worn out with
no make-up on, she was pretty as a flower. She had bandages over her chest and
some pipes beneath it; the rest seemed ok, so I guessed she was shot in her
chest. I sat on the chair beside the bed and just watched for a while; 'what 'da
hell am I doing here? I don't even like this woman; she's a nut, sadistic...she
beat me up pretty bad and I am sitting here feeling sorry. Why?' million
thoughts ran thru my head; I was so occupied with figuring out why I was there,
I didn't even notice when she woke up; she barely spoke, "A...who's there?" I
guessed her vision was blurred too, "Me...Joey" I replied quietly, "Joey? I
don't know..." she was fighting to speak, "I don't know anyone...I don't know
you" she looked at me; she really had and ignorant look on her face, "You don't
know me?" I asked and she slowly waved her head as a 'No'; tears began to run
down her cheeks, "I don't know me" she said; the nurse came in, came to me and
whispered, "She has a slight amnesia...don't remember anything." I couldn't
believe it - Amnesia...! I couldn't decide whether it was good or bad thing for
me or for her, "You should leave now" the nurse said, "She needs to rest"; I
stood up, took one more look at her and turned around to leave when I heard her,
"Please...help me"; I looked at her; she was crying with that pleading look on
her face, "I'll come back" I said and left. "So...what are you to her exactly?"
nurse asked me on my way out, "Well...she's my...my mother's friend", "Your
mother's friend? How come you're visiting instead? No one came to see her; I
thought that there is no one until you showed up"; I looked at her and said, "I
really wouldn't know" and I left. On my way home an idea crossed my mind; I
still had the keys to her apartment, she never asked them back. I grabbed the
keys and left the house before anyone noticed I was there. When I came inside
the building the same doorman was there, "Ahh...young Mr. Joey; it has been
quite a long time" he was smiling, "Hey...look; I still have the keys; I'd like
to go up if you don't mind" "Well...you are more then welcome; you see, after
you, no one ever came" that was a little surprising, "Have you been to the
hospital?" he asked, "Yes...just got back from there", his face stretched to an
enthusiastic smile, "So, how is she?" "It's hard to say, really, but she'll be
better; don't worry" I turned and stepped into the elevator. The apartment
looked the same, only the small of stale air was new; I opened one window and
checked the view for a while; 'what am I doing here? Why didn't I just go home
and forgot all about her?' I opened the fridge; some of the food was already
rotten so I put it in the garbage. I looked around a little bit and I went to
that room where she had me last time; I opened the door and the room was
completely empty; it looked like she disposed all of that stuff. I was a little
confused but relieved, too; I didn't know what I was doing or looking for, I
just sat down on the couch and relaxed. After a while I was ready to leave; I
stood up and as I passed near that drawer where she kept the tapes, I stopped
and opened it. There were two tapes inside; one was the one she wouldn't let me
dispose off last time and one that looked new. I took the new one and put it
into the player; I pressed 'Play' and what a surprise it was; she taped two of
us last time. I never saw the camera; she must have had hid it well. All, from
the beginning, when we entered the room, until I left in the morning was on that
tape. I decide to keep it and the other one I threw into garbage without
thinking; I was a little angry, too.

 I went to the hospital three days later; she looked much better; her face had
the tan back and she was awake, "Hi!" I said, "Hi...Joey, right?" she looked
delighted to see me, "Yeah...you really don't remember, do you?" her face got
that sad look back and she just waved her head, "Well...that's bad; but it'll
come back, I am sure" she looked at me for a while, "No one else came" "I
know...nurse told me" "So...who are you? What are you to me? How did we meet?"
"Wow...wait a second...that's to many questions at once; you just get well and,
I am sure, it'll all come back" I didn't want to start explaining; it would have
seemed weird to her, at the time, "Ok...but tell me something at least...please
I didn't know what so I thought it for a while, "Ok...your name is Alex and
you're a cop; you got shot in the line of duty and hit your head on the
sidewalk, that's where the amnesia comes from; you're 33 and very rich" she
opened her eyes wide, "Rich?" "Yes...disgustfully rich as you like to say" "And
I..." I stopped because I didn't know what to say really, "Yes? What about you?"
"Well...you and I...we were...how should I put it...we were a little more then
just friends, that's all" she looked at me and smiled, "You mean like...you
know" "Yes" she seemed confused a bit so I asked, "What?" "No...it's just
that...you look so younger then me and..." "Yeah, I know; I am just a kid;
that's what you always say" I sounded a little bitter, "I didn't mean to
sound..." but I interrupted, "Don't worry; it's fine, I am used to it. Ok, I'll
have to leave now...you just rest, ok" and I stood up, "Will you come again?"
she looked so sweet, "Please" "Yeah, sure" and I turned, "Hey" she called and I
came back, "You know...since we were a little more then just friends...could you
just..." she didn't know what she wanted so she said, "Touch me" I leaned to
her, took her head between my hands and kissed her softly; as I lifted up I saw
few tears coming down her cheek, "I am sorry...it's just that I feel so lonely
here and...I am afraid, really afraid" "I'll be back soon" I said and left.

For the next two weeks, until she was released from the hospital, I visited her
every day; as I was the only one she was delighted to see me each time; we
talked but I never told her how exactly we were more then friends. I thought I'd
leave that for later when she gets better; I also saw an opportunity for a
payback for what she did to me that time. I was planning to show her the tape
she made of two of us; she was different, completely different; her mood changes
were gone; she seemed so sweet and gentle. "Well...here we are" I opened the
door to her apartment, "I was here a few times; cleaned it up a little; it seems
your maid is gone" I said, "You cleaned it? Oh, you shouldn't have...it's easy
to find a new maid" she stopped for a second, "Although I don't know how and
where; I don't remember the old one, either." I brought her some nice clothes in
hospital, that I found here, but I noticed she kept herself all zipped up; she
was probably hiding her bullet scars. "Can I see it?" I asked, "See what?" "The
wounds" I said and she got a little jumpy, "NO...I mean, no...not yet...it's not
pretty" "Ok" I was reasonable. She sat on the couch exhausted; still, she was
pretty weak, "So...tell me about you and me" she said it really eagerly,
"Well...we had some times together and then...it was off...nothing more than
that" "I hope I didn't dump you out or something?" "No, no...I left" she looked
a little relieved about it, "But...you're here now; how come?" I didn't know if
she was just curious or a little provoking, too, "I am not sure" I said, "I
guess since there is no one else...you know" "And that's all?" "I don't know...I
told you; I am really not sure" "Yeah...I see you're hesitating a little; I just
wish I'd remember how we were" and that was my moment, "Well...there is one
thing..." "What...tell me, what?" I pulled out a tape, "What's that?"
"Well...you made a movie of you and me on this tape" "Me?" "Yes" "So...what's on
it?" she saw how I changed the look on my face, "No...I can not believe it; I
didn't shot us doing...you know...did I?" "Well...it's not exactly what you
think it is" "Ok, let's see it" she was curious, "Maybe it should wait some
more", "No, no...come on" "I don't think you should be looking at it now; I am
not sure you're feeling that better" "Oh come on; what's on it, anyway? You
sound like it's something strange...what?"

Well she insisted hard enough so I said, "Very well; suit yourself" I stood up
and put the tape inside; we began to watch it, "You're doing dishes...what's the
big deal" she said and I replied, "You really don't remember a single thing
about" and she just waved her head with a smile on her face; there was that
dinner scene and this tape had a sound all the way, "What are you talking about
here" she asked when I asked her to turn off the camera that day; I quickly
pressed 'Pause' and said, "Look...do you really want to see this; it'll just
bring out some bad thing, some bad memories." I guess, the way I said that made
her worried a little; she looked at me seriously and said slowly and silently,
"What bad memories?" I wasn't really in the mood for explaining so I just said,
"Ok...here it goes" and I pressed 'Play' again; at that moment we entered the
room and, once she saw it, she said, "Jesus...what's this place" but I didn't
reply to it, "Is this what you were talking about?" she was still calm because
nothing serious happened by then, "Maybe you're just ashamed, ha?" So, we
watched it and she wasn't upset until we reached the part with a whip; once she
was whipping me in that frame she became serious, "Oh no...it's fake, right?"
but I just waved my head as a 'No'. Once she saw blood she began to tremble,
"Maybe we should stop" I said, "No...I want to see it" her voice was weak and
shaky; once she began to beat me up she yelled, "Oh Jesus! No!" she looked at me
and back to the TV; once it came to her tying me to the chair I said, "I really
think we should quit now" but she just pushed me away. At the moment she began
to tighten that rope around my neck she fainted on the couch; I stopped the tape
and took it out; I uplifted her onto my arms and carried her to the bedroom, put
her on the bed and waited for her to wake up. Slowly, she opened her eyes and,
as she saw me, she instantly began to cry, "I am so sorry...I don't know
how...it wasn't me...I am..." she didn't know what to say, "Shhh...it's ok;
don't worry about it and just rest, ok. I'll bring you something" I went out and
came back with a glass of water and a tranquilizer I found in her toilet; she
took it without question and fell asleep in a minute. I managed to find the keys
to that room among her things and, once I was in, what a surprise! It was
completely empty; she must have moved it all before she got shot. I felt much
better about being around her from that point.

When she woke up was lying next to her, "Hey" she said smiling but she
remembered the tape and immediately changed the expression on her face; she
began to touch mine like she wanted to be sure all those bruises were gone; I
guess she didn't know what to say so I said, "I watched you sleep...you're
beautiful"; again, her eyes were filling with tears, "Why are you still here? I
treated you so badly...you should leave me...go!" she seemed angry and bitter at
herself, "I don't want to go" I replied, "I want to be here with you"; she
looked at me and said, "You want to stay after what I did to you? You love me
that much?" there was no point denying it; she already knew, so I just pulled
myself closer and kissed her. It was s good thing she didn't remember what she
liked or what she thought she liked; but I was still afraid, once she get her
memories back, she might want the same thing; I wasn't prepared for another
torment just to be with her.

She wanted to know what happened after I was tied to that chair but I never told
her; in due time, most of her memories came back, but regarding that night, it
wasn't clear; at least that's what she told me. We began our life together and
it was great; I knew she loved me, I could tell myself without her saying so,
although she told me on several occasions.

One night we were in her apartment just sitting around enjoying each other's
company; it was pretty heavy weather outside; I was polishing her toenails and I
really liked it; I liked doing things like that, it gave me kicks. It was a
little confusing to her but she never complained; even more she liked it too,
"You're treating me like a queen; I am not sure I deserve it" she haven't
forgive herself yet for beating me up, "You deserve it; otherwise I wouldn't do
it...and I like it, so..." I looked at her and she said, "I can see that you
do." Her career was over with the police; she was retired, as her lungs couldn't
take to be strained anymore; I wanted to make her feel good about the future so
I did whatever I could to make her happy. "Are you a feet man?" she joked since
she saw how I was enjoying playing with her feet, "You've already asked me
that...but yes, I guess I am" "Well, I don't remember...it's kind of easier this
way, you know...I can just say 'I don't remember' to anything." The polish got
dry so I took her foot into my hand and gave her a little massage, "Mmm...that's
nice...I love it" and she really did; I managed to relax her and to make her
forget for a while, the things that bothered her; she lifted the other foot, too
and said, "How about this one?" I put down one and took the other in my hand; I
was just about to start rubbing it when she said, "No...why don't you" she
didn't finish it, instead she stuck out her tongue and flicked it up and down;
it meant 'why don't you lick it?' She was becoming herself again; I took her
foot closer to my mouth and began to lick her toes; she leaned back and closed
her eyes, "Nice...really nice" I wanted to say something but she was quicker,
"No, no...don't stop now" so I continued; after few minutes she opened her eyes
and said, "Come here"; I stood up and came closer; she checked my bulging pants
and said, "Oh boy...this really does it for you, doesn't it?" Promptly, she
unbuttoned my pants and let them fall on the floor; she pulled me on the couch
and as I sat she mounted me, removing her panties aside, at the same time, "I
just want to fuck you now..." she whispered in my ear as she slid on my cock,
"...if you have no objections"; when I managed to respond she was already moving
up and down on my stiff dick, "Oh sweetie...ahhh...if my feet will...ohhh...keep
you hard like that...yess...you can have them anytime...Ohh god" she was so hot
and became wild, "Yes...yes...yees...ooohhh, I am coming...Yeesss!" and as she
came I felt her pussy tightening around my cock; she pressed her lips on mine
and showed her tongue deep inside it. Once she calmed down she looked at me and
said with a silky voice, "Mmm...I really love you" she made a wicked expression
on her face and said, "I am gonna use you boy...yes I will" she lifted herself
off me and squatted down between my legs; she looked at me, licked her lips and
swallowed my entire penis; before she started to suck it I said, "You've already
did that" I referred to using me, she stopped for a second and just said,
"Sorry...don't remember."





Mail To: mm2000xx@hotmail.com



(c) By M.M.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  M.M.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





