BDSM Library - After the Film




After the Film
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What happened when we got home after I took my young cousin to see 'Carry on Nurse' in the fifties.
After the Film

When I was a teenager I was asked to stay at my Aunt's place while she went away
on holidays to keep her unusually tall eighteen year old daughter company. As
she was strikingly beautiful she was always being propositioned by the youge men
in the area so I promised my Aunt I would keep her away from as many boys as
possible. Her mother even gave me permission to tie her up each night so she
couldnt sneak out the back door once I had gone to sleep.

For entertainment instead, on first night I took her to see the film 'Carry on
Nurse'.

After the film had finished, we had returned home to the house for a cup of tea
before retiring to bed.

"Teddy would you be embarrassed if I asked you to - er - tie me up and gag me in
a special way tonight?" she asked.

"Oh and hows that Judy?  I replied.

"Well, I'd love to feel what it's like lying tucked up in a bed in my underwear,
all tied up tight and gagged like that nurse was in the film," the six foot
beautiful girl looked me straight in the eye over her cup of tea and I could see
her 40DD pointed breasts were standing out quite a bit more than usual in their
firm white satin bra cones plainly visible under her thin blouse.

"Yes that 'Carry on Nurse' was a great film wasn't it? By the look of you I
would say you liked that tie up scene a lot, eh, Judith?" I asked noticing how
her pale cheeks were more flushed than usual, "I bet that actress had a lot of
fun being tied up and gagged. I wonder how many hours she spent tied up and
gagged while she and her boyfriend rehearsed that scene in bed at home?"

"I hope she liked it a lot. I was fascinated by it actually as a matter of
fact," she blushed slightly more, automatically crossing her wrists behind her
back and wriggling them together as though they were tied together,"I must
confess I've always liked the idea of being tied up in my underwear but I dont
think the gag that nurse wore wouldn't have been very effective!"

"Oh how do you mean Judy?" I asked. Luckily I was wearing a strong elastic
athletic support under my trousers as I could feel my erction hardening
considerably.

"Well, in real life her boyfreind would have probably packed a wad of cloth
inside her mouth full or a large rubber ball keeping her jaws wedged wide open
with that bandage only useful only in keeping it in place, "she explained,"and
she probably would have worn just a suspender belt or girdle instead of that
slip."

"I have an idea, I see you are already wearing black seamed nylon stockings and
high heels so, if you took off your dress you would look just like the nurse did
in her white underwear?" I suggested, "I bet you would look as pretty as she was
like once you are all tied up in bed in your underwear with your wrists all tied
up tightly behind your back with rope and a proper gag filling up your mouth?"

"Ooo that sounds nice! Do you think so? Rubber balls do make the best gags - as
long as they are big enough to properly fill my mouth so I can't talk. Oh, I
havent got a white slip like the nurse wore but - I know, my bra is white and
all my other underwear in pink but I could wear one of Mommy's old white
suspender belts as long as you dont mind me not wearing any panties to bed? And
I could substitute one of her old white rubber bathing caps instead of a nurses
cap," she showed me an old white rubber cap with a thick chin strap. "I love
rubber next to my skin and I like to wear high heels when I'm tied up."

A few minutes later as I was getting into bed, I heard the sound of spiked heels
clicking on the floor. Judith my young six feet tall cousin was standing in a
pair of her mothers old shiny black six inch spiked heels holding out a bundle
of white sashcord. She wore just her large gleaming white pointy coned satin bra
over her large full breasts and her waist was nipped in by an old short length
shiny white rubber open bottommed Playtex girdle with four wide, long elastic
suspender straps holding up her glossy black seamed nylon stockings halfway up
her incredible upper legs. A white rubber bathing cap was tightly stretched over
her head so that she looked bald in quite an attractive, odd sort of way. her
almost hairless clit was nicely framed just under the lower rim of the rubber
girdle and by the wide stocking suspenders trailling down the front of each leg.

To complement the picture, a two inch diameter shiny red rubber ball attached to
a normal head gag harness dangled under her chin on a leather strap like a
necklace.

"All her suspender belts are in the wash. This is the only white thing I could
find to go around my waist. D-do you think this would make a good enough gag for
my mouth? You wouldn't need to put the surgical bandage over it 'cos the leather
straps will hold it in place," Judith smoothed her rubber clad hips and snapped
the one and a half inch wide white elastic garter tabs against her white thighs
then nervously fingered the two inch diameter red rubber ball under her chin.

"Sure Judy, but it looks pretty big to me so you'd better sleep with me in my
bedroom so I can keep an eye on you in case you choke on that gag?"

"I didn't mean that you should keep me gagged all night!" she blushed walking
towards me so I could, "just tied up hand and foot."

"Well I'm not going to tie you up then!' I replied jokingly,"unless you let me
keep you gagged all night long!"

The tall girl thought for a moment then her cheeks blushed more and she said,
"Oh all right then. Seeing Mommy is away I suppose I better sleep beside you in
your bed if you are going to keep me gagged all night long," I was surprised
when she tentatively came forward and dumped the bundle of ropes on my bed,
climbed up and stretched out face down with her wrists crossed behind her back,
"but, seeing we are cousins, you must tie me up very tightly, please,
particularly my legs and knees and all so you can't do anything naughty to me!
I'm sorry that I havent got a bandage gag like in the movie but this old rubber
ball gag that belonged to Mommy is pretty effective as of a gag! She used to
make me wear it to bed when I swore. We arent supposed to be kissing or anything
so I think it would be a good idea to let me sleep gagged all night anyway."

"I bet that nurse in the film practiced a lot being tied up at home before she
acted in front of the cameras" I said as I looped the rope around her crossed
wrists, "It makes me quite excited just thinking about her lying there night
after night being repeatedly bound and gagged and kissed all over in her
underwear by her boyfriend!"

"Oooo! Yes that makes me all excited too! I wonder if he always left her nylons
and high heels on while he tied her up all night long? I hope you don't think
I'm a bit strange but it gives me a funny feeling between my legs just thinking
about being gagged wearing stockings and high heels!" Judy giggled, testing her
tied wrists as I held the red rubber gag ball in front of her lips, "perhaps I
need a lot more practice being tied up for the night for when I get married? I
know we are not supposed to but I really don't mind if you kiss just my lips
aroung the gag ball after you have gagged me and tied me up? We could be
'kissing cousins'!"

"Sure, I love kissing cousins after I have tied them up!' I smiled, "open your
mouth wide for your gag and say ahhh please, Judy?"

"Oh yes, I love the way you say that! I hope you don't mind but I really love
being kept gagged when I'm tied up tightly in just my bra and this rubber girdle
and nylons. I'd like it if you tied me up every night wearing this from now on -
you can  make the ropes just as tight as you like on my wrists and legs - aahhh
- mmmfffglg!"

"I'm glad that you like the ropes nice and tight. I suppose, if I really tried,
I could get used to tying you up every night from now on, Judith!" I smiled as
slipped off all my clothes except for my white elastic support. I pressed up
against her back feeling her wide taut bra back strap against my chest and ran
my fingers down the front of her body to feel her large hard nipples under the
stiff white pointy satin bra cones with one hand while with the other hand I
poked under the lower rim of her rubber girdle to feel that her clit was already
quite moist before tying and cinching her elbows to her sides.

She breathed hard as I tightly bound and cinched her upper thighs, above and
below her smooth well rounded knees and trim ankles parallel together with some
more of the rope than held her in my arms so her sharply pointed bra cones dug
into my chest, my bulging atheletic support rubbing between her upper legs.

Judith stood a few inches taller than me in her six inch spiked heels and as I
craned my neck up to kiss her red gag parted lips I thought it wouldn't only be
her lips that I would be kissing that night and every night for the next two
weeks until her mother returned!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ted


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





