BDSM Library - Annie's First Day on the Job




Annie's First Day on the Job
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Annie get hired to work at a construction site, and pays the price for teasing the men.
Annie's First Day on the Job
by Rod Harden
Copyright 2002
All rights reserved

At 5'2", Annie was a little fireball of sass. She always had been. The most
recent object of her scorn was the foreman - no, the entire crew - at a local
construction site. They had infuriated her, the way they'd treated her when
she'd applied for a job as a roofer.

"Are you sure a little thing like you can handle this type of work?" Jim, the
foreman, had asked.

"Of course I can!" she'd insisted, her hazel eyes launching guided missiles of
contempt.

"Well, okay, baby, we'll give you a try, on account of we need the help. But
don't come crying to me if you break a nail or something. You'll have just one
day to prove you can take it."

"Oh, I can take it! I can take anything you dish out. And I'm not your baby."

She had stormed off the site accompanied by whistles and catcalls.

Her best friend, Heather, told her to forget that job and find something else.
But Annie couldn't let it go. It was as if the all-male crew had issued a
challenge, and she was determined to take it up. Besides, the money was great,
and she needed it to continue her studies at the university.

The morning she was to start, she considered her clothing options. She should
wear practical and conservative work clothes. Her denim coveralls would be
perfect.

Or... she could go with an outfit that made a statement. Something bold, that
said, yeah, so what if I'm a girl? What's it to ya? Something that said, look,
but don't touch. In fact, don't even look, not that you can help it!

Smiling at the prospect, she opted to make a statement.

She decided, moreover, to do more than just that. She was going to make those
guys suffer. She would deliberately taunt them. She'd flaunt herself, let loose
her exhibitionist side. She'd tease as many pricks as she could, the whole day
long.

That would show them.

When she arrived on the work site, she walked straight to the foreman to get her
time card. Every head turned her way, each pair of eyes keen and unblinking.

Her tiny white biker shorts covered as little as they possibly could. In fact,
from some angles, a careful observer (of which there were many) could plainly
see she wore no panties underneath. On the back of the shorts, centered right
between her ass cheeks, was a red circle with a line through it. Inside the
circle was the word, "Leering" in black letters.

Her tank top, of bright red spandex, clung to every voluptuous curve of her
nineteen-year-old body. Across the front of the shirt was the challenge, "What
are you staring at?" in bold white lettering.

As she sprinted across the site in her blue and white running shoes, her long,
thick, russet hair, gathered into pigtails, bounded and swayed.

"Well, here I am. I'm ready to start!" she announced to Jim.

Jim was not the tallest man on the job, but even he seemed to loom over the
diminutive young woman. He studied her grinning face for a moment, then allowed
his eyes to take a leisurely tour of the rest of her, shaking his head the whole
time.

"You ain't working here in that getup," he declared.

"Why not?" she fumed.

"It's too... It's not... You might... The men..."

"Oh, you don't think the men can take it? Is that what you're trying to say?"

The foreman's nostrils flared. "All right, little miss. You wanna play that kind
of game today, fine. Here's your card. Punch in and report to Brad up there." He
pointed to one of the men on the roof staring down at her. Then he shook his
head again. "I sure hope you know what you're doing, missy."

Annie smirked back at him. "I know. Believe me, I know!" And off she went.

The roofers were working on one of several townhouses in the new housing
development. The building was two stories tall, with a roof that sloped up at a
low angle for about ten feet, then flattened out.

Annie went right to the scaffolding along the side and scampered up confidently.
Behind her, she heard Jim calling out, "All right you guys, back to work. The
show's over."

To herself, Annie said, not hardly! This show is just getting started.

As Brad showed her around and gave her instructions, Annie made sure she was as
close to the edge as possible and visible from below. She made a point of
standing with her shoulders back and her perky bosom thrust out. Whenever she
asked a question, she cocked her head and fluttered her eyelids.

And when Brad told her pick up a shingle, she didn't stoop down to get it, but
bent over from the waist, folding herself in half and displaying herself for the
rest of the workers. The action forced her shorts even higher than they already
were, up into her crack like a thong, clearly revealing the rise of her firm
twin globes.

As she worked, she continued to take every opportunity to parade about and pose
herself. Even at break time, she sat on the sloped part of the roof, sitting so
her entire compact length was on view from below. She straightened her legs
fully and leaned back on her arms. Then she gathered her legs to her chest, and
glanced down coyly at the faces that turned away swiftly, guiltily.

But all the while, she did her work conscientiously. Indeed, she was proud of
the way she kept up with the more experienced workers. So intent was she on her
dual tasks of teasing the men and doing her job, that she didn't notice the
rising murmurs, the whispers around her.

And only gradually did she become aware of the fact that the men were no longer
turning away when she caught them staring. They were openly leering at her, and
exchanging winks and nods among themselves.

Shrugging off the uneasy feeling she got from the change in the men's demeanor,
she went on with her show until lunchtime.

"Annie," said Brad when the lunch whistle sounded. "The guys have a little
surprise for you."

As he spoke she was aware of movement at the edges of her vision. Behind her,
she heard footsteps, and stifled mutterings.

"A surprise? What is it?" she asked brightly, thrusting her chest out at Brad.
She was determined to goad the men every chance she had.

He smiled, looking straight at her erect nipples where they strained to break
through her shirt. "We just want you to know that we've been aware of you all
morning, and, well, we want to give a little something back, you might say."

At that he looked past Annie and nodded. Immediately, someone grabbed her arms
from behind.

"Hey! What's the big idea? Let go of me!" She tried to tear herself loose, but
whoever held her had a grip like a vise. "I said let go! You're hurting me."

"Oh, but a tough girl like you should be able to take it, right?" taunted Brad.
Around her, the men closed in, now openly jeering her.

"You're not scaring me," she said. "You might be bigger and stronger than me,
but, but... Ya know what? You don't have the balls to do anything about it!" She
spat in Brad's direction, just missing.

"Is that a fact?"

Again he nodded to someone. She could see this time that it was Gordon who
responded. He had a box knife in his hand. Stepping up calmly, he used the knife
to cut through the sides of Annie's flimsy shorts. Gasping at the sudden
assault, she held her legs together as tight as she could to keep her shorts
from falling completely off. But despite her effort, Gordon easily tore them
from her. His action was accompanied by a chorus of cheers.

Now naked from the waist down, she began struggling violently, and kicking out.
She tried stomping on the foot of the man who still held her arms behind her,
but his grip never faltered.

"No!" she screamed. "You can't do this to me. You can't!"

They let her thrash about until she slowed down, worn out. This was crazy, she
thought, panting to catch her breath. Just because she was teasing them all
morning was no reason to do this to her.

And yet, at the same time, she realized how aroused she was becoming. The half
dozen or so sweaty, naked male chests closing ranks around her may have had
something to do with it. But the fight itself, being held so firmly, unable to
resist... her very helplessness was stimulating. She squirmed again and felt the
rush of excitement build again. It was like magic.

She hoped her excitement didn't show on her face as she looked up defiantly at
Brad. "Well," she said, her sassiness returning, "you said you had a little
something for me. So whip out your little something and show me!"

The men began whooping at her cutting remark. Brad snorted and snatched up the
remnants of her shorts. Before she had a chance to say anything else, he balled
them up and shoved them into her mouth.

Gordon handed him a roll of duct tape, which he used to seal her lips shut,
trapping the wad of fabric in her mouth. He wrapped the tape completely around
her head, while Gordon held up her pigtails so they would hang free of the tape.

Well, thought Annie, at least they're not going to gum up my hair.

As Brad finished smoothing out the tape, Annie finally managed to get off a well
placed kick. Brad yelped and doubled over. The crowd let out a collective gasp.
When he straightened up again, Brad's face was vivid with barely controlled
rage.

"Now Brad," cautioned Gordon. "Control yourself, buddy."

"Oh, I'm in control, Gord, don't worry."

Brad slowly raised his hand and cradled Annie's chin in it. "You are so going to
pay for that," he hissed. He let go of her, only to deliver a sharp slap to her
cheek, followed immediately with a backhand on the other cheek.

Annie cried out in pain. She shouted and screamed her anger at Brad and the
others, though only faint, muffled grunts emerged from behind the tape.

Brad motioned to others off to the side. Annie turned her head and saw that
they'd brought a square wooden frame made of 2x4s up to the roof. It had been
assembled for an internal wall, but she had a feeling they planned to use to for
something else at the moment.

Her only hope was Jim, the foreman. He had left a half hour earlier to meet with
the construction manager and was due back any minute. Surely he would put a stop
to this insanity.

Just then, the man holding her began to push her toward the frame. The other men
closed in, some carrying coils of rope, others hurriedly attaching braces to the
frame. Annie noticed there were eyehooks drilled into the wood at various
locations.

By the time the brute holding her had shoved her under the crossbeam, the frame
was standing upright on its own, thanks to the quickly assembled bracing. Annie
looked around. The men stared at her, licking their lips. Beyond them, she could
see that the part of roof they were on was not visible from the street. There
would be no rescue from passersby.

While the creep behind her maintained his grip on her upper arms, one of the men
with rope stepped forward, pulled her wrists in front or her and began wrapping
the rope around them.

He cinched the cord tight and guided the free end through an eyehook in the top
of the frame. In unison he pulled on the rope as the man behind her finally
released his grip. In a flash she was standing on tiptoe, her arms stretch taut
overhead.

The binding cut into Annie's wrists. It hurt terribly. She grunted in pain,
huffing rapidly through her nose. The man behind her spun her around, and smiled
wickedly at her wide eyes.

"Jim!" she shouted through her gag.

The foreman nodded. "You didn't really think I'd be your white knight, did you?"
he chuckled. Then to the man with the rope he said, "Pull 'er up, Bob."

With a sudden jerk, she was lifted off the ground, mutely screaming at the
intense pain in her arms and wrists. Twisting and writhing in midair, she kicked
out wildly, all the while trying to grasp the rope in her hands so she could
lift herself and take some of the pressure off her wrists.

At a signal from Jim, Bob lowered the rope her just enough for her toes to make
contact with the ground again. She tried to hold back the tears that drenched
her cheeks as she glared at the foreman.

"You should see yourself now, Annie," said Jim. "Half naked. Stretched taut.
Crying. Not so haughty anymore, are we?"

"You fucking crazy sadistic bastard nutcase..." she shouted, stringing together
as many foul epithets as she could think of, and glad that the gag muffled her
words into a hazy indistinct verbal mist.

Jim let her rant at him for a moment, them gave Bob another nod. Up she went
again.

"No!" she screamed. "Please! Let me down. I'm sorry. I'll be good."

Jim grasped her by the waist and turned her to face him. Hoisted as she was,
their gazes met eye to eye. "Ya know," he said, "I can't understand a word
you're saying." He looked around at the gathered workmen. "Any or you guys
understand her?"

There was a murmur of negative responses. "Not me." "Nope." "Not a word."

"You bastard!" she screamed. "Let me down! Now!"

"I'm still not getting it, doll. Although I think I detected the word 'bastard'
in there again. I sure hope I'm wrong."

"I didn't mean it! Please, Jim. Sir. It hurts so much. Please let me down." She
hoped some of her words would be intelligible.

"Well," said Jim with a smile. "I definitely like that tone better. You're
trying to say your wrists hurt, right? You want to take some of the weight off
them?"

"Mm hm," she whimpered, nodding her head.

"There, see how well we're communicating now? Is that so hard?"

"No," she answered, shaking her head.

"No, sir," he corrected.

"No, sir," she repeated. But, she thought, if we're communicating so well, why
is he just standing there watching me suffer? What is he waiting for?

As she slowly rotated in the breeze, she saw that all the men had the same smug
expressions on their faces. The intensity of their stares seemed to prick her
skin like thorns. She shuddered as the tingles ran up and down her body, giving
way to a quickly growing heat deep within her.

She felt her face redden. Tears start flowing again. With horror she realized
she was still excited from her helplessness; her face wasn't the only place on
her body that had become flushed and wet. She clenched her legs together, hoping
to hide her arousal.

At last, Jim stepped forward again. He carried a length of chain. It had heavy,
thick links, and was shiny and new looking. She watched him attach one end to
another eyebolt in the top crossbeam of the wooden framework. The eyebolt was
several feet away from the central one from which she dangled.

Jim turned her so she faced away from him. She felt him guide the chain between
her legs. He pulled the free end up in front of her, making sure it was nestled
neatly between her ass cheeks and pussy lips. She gasped as the cold steel
pressed against her most intimate places.

He continued to pull on the chain, gradually lifting her several inches by the
crotch. As he held the end of the chain up to a third eyebolt, another man
locked it in place. Jim stepped back, smiled, and said, "There. Better?"

"No!" Her weight was off her wrists just as she'd wished, but-

Suddenly, Jim's hands were all over her. His strong fingers prodded and poked
her tits, her waist, her ass, her thighs. He laughed as she moaned and flailed
about under his relentless mauling.

Then he yanked up her tank top, revealing her ripe breasts which had remained
hidden by the red spandex till then. But he didn't stop at just exposing her. He
continued pulling the top up until it was inverted, with the bottom hem over her
head and her face hidden behind the fabric. Somehow he managed to tie it in
place, forming an impromptu mask completely shrouding her head.

The whole time, she couldn't help sliding back and forth along the thick smooth
chain links, now warmed by her body heat and slick with her juices. With Jim's
hands on her tits again, she found herself rocking awkwardly against the
metallic stimulus between her thighs. And when she felt his lips, tongue and
teeth on her nipples, it was more than she could stand.

Screaming with abandon, Annie trembled as paroxysms of pleasure rippled through
her body.

Somewhere in the back of her mind, she scolded herself. What are you doing?!
You've just been attacked and brutalized, and you're getting off on it?

"Yes, yes, YES!" she shouted aloud, drowning out the annoying voice in her
heard. In fact, she thought, bring on the rest of the gang. Get me off this
chain, spread me open and fill me!

"Oh my god!" she shouted, as just thinking about it made her come a second time.

Feebly, she pulled herself up, only to drop against the chain again, and climax
a third time.

"Well, well, well," came Jim's voice.

Annie realized her eyes were closed. She opened them and tried to peer through
the red material of her top.

"You sure are one horny little slut, aren't you?"

"Y- yes," she admitted. She could see the vague outline of Jim's body stooping
down by her feet. He snatched her ankles and lashed them together. Clearly, she
wasn't getting off the chain soon. She groaned miserably.

"There, there," soothed Jim, standing next to her again. "Lunch time's almost
over. We'll let you down then, so you can finish your first day on the job."

"What?! You're not going to fuck me?" she mumbled in disbelief.

"Huh? Can't understand you, doll."

"I thought you guys were going to fuck me!"

"Sorry, Annie, it's just gibberish from my end."

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Please! I want it!"

"Something about 'huffy, huffy'?" Jim laughed. He obviously knew what she was
saying. "No, doll. No 'huffing' for Annie today. In fact, you weren't supposed
to come at all, just get horny and frustrated, but apparently you really like
this sort of treatment. Live and learn."

"But I am frustrated. Please, please, please fuck me!"

"For now," continued Jim, ignoring her muted protest, "before lunchtime's over,
I think Brad wants to discuss a certain swift kick with you. Brad?"

Annie no sooner saw the other blurry shape through her shirt then she felt
something snap against her bare breasts. Searing pain shot through her body. She
screamed and twisted too late to avoid the next stroke.

Sobbing, she braced herself for a third blow, but it never came. Instead, she
saw the reddish outline of Brad as he threaded his belt through the loops of his
jeans.

"If you ever kick me again, bitch" snarled Brad, "I won't be nearly so easy on
you." He grabbed her nipples and wrenched them. "Understand?"

"Yes, sir!" she puffed in agony.

When they finally let her down, Annie wobbled on rubbery legs. Her wrists were
chafed and her poor cunt felt like it had been sawed in half and glued back
together again.

With her snug fitting tank top back in place, Jim carefully removed the tape
over her mouth, and pried out her soaked shorts. Annie stretched her jaws and
drank some water before trying to speak.

"You actually expect me to stay and finish the day?"

"Sure do," answered Jim.

"Dressed like this?"

Jim smirked at her. "Hey, I told you you wouldn't want to wear that around
here."

"I'm serious! My shorts are ruined! I can't walk around with nothing on down
there."

But that's exactly what she ended up doing, much to the delight of her
coworkers. She wanted to complain about the swats and spanks she had to endure
whenever she walked past one of them, but Jim made it clear that he'd gag her
again if she started whining.

At last, it was time for her to clock out. She wrapped a carpenter's apron
around herself nakedness and headed for her car.

"Hey, Annie," called Jim. "You did all right today. You're welcome to join the
crew for the summer. I just hope we understand each other now."

"I think so, sir."

"Good. But just to be sure," he said, giving her a stern look, "what are you
going to wear tomorrow?"

Annie considered the question for a moment. "Well," she said, "I have more
skimpy little shorts, but you have to promise not to cut them all to bits."

Jim smiled. "I see we do understand each other."

"And," added Annie as she walked swiftly out of reach, "I want more than a
little surprise next time!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rod Harden


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





