BDSM Library - New Life




New Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jenny gets a strange package for her birthday and feels compelled to wear what is inside, bringing her best friend along for the adventure.
New Life

Chapter 1 - Strange Gifts



Jenny had just turned 17 when the package arrived. It was a plain brown
cardboard box, about 30cms cubed with her name in black print. It was sitting on
the doorstep when she got home from school.

No-one else was home, so she brought the box inside directly to her bedroom,
placing it gently on her bed.

She sighed happily as she undid the buttons on her shirt, glad to be rid of her
confining uniform. The shirt fell to the ground, followed by her skirt and
stockings. Jenny stood in her plain white underwear, peering at the box sitting
on her bed. Her firm breasts stuck out enticingly underneath her bra, pale skin
shifting with each breath. One hand absently pushed her shoulder-length natural
blonde hair from her face.

Unable to wait any longer, she tore off the tape holding the box closed and
opened the top.

Her hands pulled out a shiny silver ring, about the size of her head and
rounded. She sat on the bed and studied it. Etched visibly all around the ring
were images of naked women in varying lewd positions. She was surprised at the
level of detail of the girls, and the emotions displayed on their faces, ranging
from terror to ecstasy. As the light glinted off the pictures they almost seemed
to look real; Jenny could almost feel their emotions.

Jenny put the ring down next to her, feeling a bit disturbed by the gift, and
looked in the box again. Her fingers touched something slippery, and she pulled
out a neatly folded garment, made entirely of bright red latex.

Taking an edge, she stood up with it and with a flick unfolded it in the air,
letting it down to lay on the bed. It looked like a jumpsuit. She traced the
legs and arms up to the head, confused now. It appeared to be a model of a whole
body from behind. She flipped it over and saw the cups for breasts in the front.
Her hands ran over them softly and she shivered, feeling a strange tingle run
through her.

Jenny looked at the face on it then, and felt a chill run over her. Quickly, she
flattened out the suit on her bed and spread herself out on top of it. It was
HER. Someone had made a rubber model of her!

Jenny felt something hard underneath her butt, and rolled off the rubber to
look. Her hands felt something long and thick inside the rubber. Her hands
traced it down, and a shiver of excitement ran through her. It ended right
between the legs.

She rolled it over then and looked for some way to open it, but it was smooth
all over. Feeling more disturbed, she rolled the suit up and put it on her
pillow. Her eyes spotted something else inside.

She put her hand in and pulled out a translucent white rubber bag. Dangling from
the tip was a hose which she pulled from the box with a flick. Attached to the
end was a thick nozzle that looked like it was made of increasingly smaller
doughnuts until it came to a small hole at the end.

Jenny rolled the nozzle in her hand for a moment, and then looked at the bag.
She twisted the hose and managed to unscrew the hose from the bag. She
recognised it now. One of her friends had something similar hanging in her
bathroom.

She glanced in the box again and saw a jar of something. She pulled it out and
cautiously opened the top. It was full of some sort of sticky jelly, which she
poked with a finger.

"Ewww," she muttered, and wiped her finger on the sheets.

Jenny sat quietly, thinking. The "gifts" she had been given were most unusual.
She picked up the phone beside her bed and dialled her friend's phone number.

"Hi Emmy," she said into the phone. Her real name was Emma, but everyone
referred to her by her nickname. They were known together as "Emmy and Jenny".

"Jenny!" Emmy replied happily. "Sorry I missed school today. How are you?"

"I'm... fine," Jenny said slowly. Emmy regularly missed school, not always
because she was sick. "Hey, I want to ask you something. What's that bag thing
that hangs in your bathroom?"

"Oh, that." Emmy paused for a moment. "It's called an Enema Bag. My parents got
it a while ago. Why do you ask?"

"I um... some creep sent me some weird presents." Emmy's voice became devious.

"You got an enema bag!? Did this "creep" send you a dildo too?"

"No!" Jenny denied, laughing. "So, it's a sex thing, right?"

"Yeah, sort of; you fill it with water and it goes up your butt. It's quite
fun."

"You've used it!" Jenny exclaimed, disbelievingly.

"Of course I have; plenty of time to play when the parent's aren't home."

"You're weird. Hey... do you want to come over? I got some... other things you
might have a clue about." Emmy giggled naughtily. Jenny suspected she was a
lesbian.

"Sure, put some clothes on and I'll be right over." Jenny squealed in
embarrassment.

"I am not nude!" Emmy giggled.

"I am," she said temptingly. Jenny felt her face flush.

"Right, see you then," she said hoarsely, and hung up.

Jenny dressed in a loose shirt and shorts and waited for Emmy to arrive.
Typically, she was wearing a tube top and very tight shorts that showed off her
incredibly hot butt quite well. Her long brown hair hung loose to her waist.

"Hi," she said when the door opened. "You bought a strap-on didn't you?"

"NO!" Jenny squealed indignantly. "Come in," she invited.

"Sure you did," Emmy teased. "You want me to help test it out."

The door shut behind the girls with a thud.

"Come on," Jenny said and walked to her room.

"Let's see," said Emmy, looking searchingly around the room.

"Here," Jenny said, walking over and pulling the enema bag from the box.

"Oooo," Emmy said, taking it from her and studying the rubbery surface. "Weird
nozzle," she remarked. "Let's fill it up!" she said suddenly and dashed out of
the room with it.

"No!" Jenny squealed in horror and chased after her. She found Emmy in the
bathroom, who already had the hose unscrewed and was testing the water.

"Stop that," she said shakily, and snatched the bag from her hands. "You just
want an excuse to look at my arse," she accused.

"And what a fine one it is," Emmy replied, slapping her behind. Jenny giggled,
and ran back to her bedroom with the bag.

"Fine then," Emmy called, and returned with the hose. "So what else did you
get?"

"This," Jenny said, passing her the ring. Emmy peered at it carefully.

"Hey... aren't these pics of you?"

"No!" Jenny replied.

"Yeah, they are!" Curious, Jenny made a grab for the ring which was deftly swung
out of reach.

"Look, it's you standing with your legs apart here," she said pointing, "And
look; You with that hose in your butt!" Jenny snatched the ring back hurriedly,
looking at it closely. Her face paled; the pictures had changed.

"Nice level of detail. Do you really shave?" Jenny looked up at her in horror
and blushed. Emmy squealed in delight.

"You are so weird," Jenny teased nervously.

"Did you get anything else?"

"Yeah, this." She bent over and pulled the rubbery suit from underneath her bed
shakily.

"That thing is totally fucked up," she told Emmy, who was holding the suit up
high and studying it.

"Just imagining you in this makes me horny." She threw the suit at Jenny, who
batted it away in mock terror.

"Like hell I'm ever putting that on. It's got things inside it! Like, between
the legs." Emmys eyebrows raised, and her hands began searching the rubber. One
hand wrapped around the dildo inside.

"You know that now I'll have to see you in that suit if I have to knock you out
to do it." Jenny grinned.

"You can't anyway. There's no zip." Emmy looked thoughtful for a moment, then
took the ring from the bed and studied it.

"Check it out. It's like a story; that's you, then there's you again... wait,
you've got the ring around your neck. Then comes the one with you taking it up
the arse." She giggled then. "And then another with you nude; by the way, nice
breasts." Jenny punched her in the shoulder playfully. "Ow. Then there's you
wearing that suit half-on, then the whole suit."

Emmy turned to look at her, a glint in her eye. "Come on... you know you want
to."

"NO!"

"Aww, come on. Your dad's away on work, and I know your mum works late. They'll
never know." Jenny looked away, sighing.

On an impulse, Emmy deftly slid the ring straight over the girls head.

"Hey!" Jenny squealed, and grinning batted Emmy away. Then she stopped suddenly,
a hand going to her neck.

"SHIT" she screamed, feeling the cold metal tight against her skin. It had
SHRUNK. Emmys' smile had gone, replaced by a look of shock.

"I'm sorry!" she whispered. "I didn't... How could... What..."

Jenny was frantically pulling at the ring, leaving red marks on her skin.

"Oh please, get it off. Get it off! GET IT OFF!" she screamed hysterically. Emmy
sat in shock for several minutes whilst Jen tried vainly to remove the ring from
around her throat.

"Take your clothes off," Emmy said slowly. Jenny froze and looked at her friend.

"We have to follow the story now." She stood and picked up the Enema bag. "Come
on," she told her and walked out of the room.

Emmy waited in the bathroom for a minute before Jenny joined her, holding the
jar of lubricant.

"This... came with it too," she said and handed over the jar resignedly.

Jenny began undressing slowly as Emmy filled the bag with hot, soapy water. It
bulged with water, just like in the picture. Jenny stood shivering in her
underwear, eyeing the bag nervously. It had to be at least 2 litres.

"Lie down," she told her and hung the bag from a coat hook. She opened the jar
slowly and instructed her friend to lie down on her chest. With a shaking hand
she pulled off her friends panties and parted her cheeks.

Jenny's hole twitched in fear as Emmy's finger approached with the lubricant.

"Eeee" Jenny squealed as the finger was slid in, coating her hole with
glistening jelly.

The finger was withdrawn, and Jenny smeared a generous amount on the nozzle.

"Ready?" she asked nervously. Jenny was crying softly.

The nozzle was placed at the entrance to her insides. She shivered when it made
contact.

Emmy put some pressure on it, pushing against the muscles. Jenny tensed, then
with a pop the first ring slid in. Jenny gasped.

"Oh, that feels so fucked up." Emmy pushed again, sliding three more rings in
quickly.

"Owww, it hurts," Jenny moaned, looking over her shoulder.

"There's still more," Emmy said and without a pause began pushing harder.

"AHHHHHH" Jenny cried, and all but one ring slid into her backside.

"Just one more!" Emmy comforted her, smearing more lubricant around the red
pucker. She pushed hard, and Jenny squealed like an animal.

"SHIIIIIIIIIIIT," she yelled and then with a loud pop the final 2 inch ring slid
in. The outer ring now sat tightly against her skin, her arsehole closed around
a thinner 1.5 inch section.

"Oh, I need to shit," Jenny moaned. "It too big, it hurts!"

Emmy looked sympathetic, then twisted the valve on the end of the tube and let
the water begin to flow.

Jenny gasped as the hot water flooded into her bowels.

"Oooo," she moaned as the warmth spread inside her.

"Try on all fours," Emmy suggested to the uncomfortable girl. She hopped up onto
her knees; Emmy thought she looked a bit like a puppy with the tube in her
behind like a tail. The ring around her neck completed the image. Her breasts
hung down, straining at her bra.

 "I'm so full," she moaned, wriggling her arse.

"Just a little more," Emmy encouraged, patting her friends behind.

Jenny wriggled the entire time until the bag gurgled empty. Emmy gently removed
the plug from her friends behind, who eagerly dashed for the toilet and without
waiting for Emmy to leave, began expelling noisily.

"Ahhhh," she sighed appreciatively. Emmy left the poor girl to do her business
and went back to Jenny's room to study the rubbery suit.

Jenny returned a few minutes later, rubbing her behind.

"I never want to do that again," she told Emmy with a frown. Emmy smiled weakly.

"You spoil all the fun," she said, earning her a playful wack from her
near-naked friend.

"Take off the bra, and we can continue." Jenny sighed unhappily, and reached
behind her back to release the clasp. She slid the bra off and threw it onto her
bed, standing naked before Emmy, who was becoming decidedly wet. Jenny's full
breasts hung free, defying gravity, dark areolae centred nicely.

The red suit on the floor split up the back with a sigh the moment the bra hit
the bed. Shakily, Jenny squatted down to look at it. The seam had emerged from
the base of the spine to the top of the head, revealing an inside that was
coated with a slimy lubricant. Emmy sat down to study the inside.

A 2 inch thick, 10 inch long dildo sprouted from the inside where Jenny vagina
was soon to be sitting and slightly higher up a slender tube that Emmy guessed
was a catheter. Jenny was going to love that!

Lower down was a protrusion similar to the enema nozzle from before for Jenny's
arse.

The face mask had two tubes from the nose that would soon be lodged in the
girls' sinuses, and something resembling a mouthguard at the front to go in her
mouth. From the middle of the mouthpiece protruded a long, slender tube that was
destined for the girls' throat.

"I can't wear this," Jenny stated flatly. "I won't wear it."

Emmy wrapped a shaking hand around the dildo, sliding it up and down its studded
length.

"If you won't, I will!" At that moment, the doorbell rang. Both girls froze.

"I'll get it," Emmy said since she was the clothed one. She peered through the
window inset into the door but couldn't see anyone outside, so she opened it.

On the doorstep was a package with her name on it.

Feeling nervous and more than a little excited, she brought the package inside
and opened it, to reveal a collar with images of her on it, an identical enema
kit and a blue latex suit.

"Give me an enema," Emmy demanded, already stripping off her clothes.

Jenny gaped at her as her naked friend took the bag and dashed off to the
bathroom. She followed to find the bag already half-full and Emmy positively
quivering with excitement.

"Shit," she yelped, and ran out, returning with the collar in her hands. She
slid it shakily over her head and felt it shrink to lock around her neck.

"Help me," she asked Jenny as she finished filling the bag up and hung it from
the hook.

She took her position on the floor on all fours, and looked expectantly at
Jenny.

"Oh please," Jenny sighed, and lubricated the nozzle. She managed to do the same
to her friends' arsehole under pressure.

"Ewww," she moaned, wriggling her finger around before pulling it out quickly
with a slurp.

She began inserting the nozzle into the girls wriggling behind. Emmy didn't
complain, but she did hiss in pain as the final ring slid home.

Pretty soon Emmy was squatting on the toilet, shaking with anticipation.

She dashed out of the bathroom and shook the suit from the box, which obligingly
opened for her.

"Ohhhh yessss," she moaned, sliding one knee into the slippery inside of the
suit. Both knees in, she began pulling it up.

Her hand wrapped around the base of the dildo, and placed it at her shaven
entrance.

"Come on Jenny, get with it," she teased, and began sliding it into her dripping
pussy.

"It's huge!" she moaned, pushing the tip in an inch. She squatted down, letting
the base sit against the floor, and began lowering herself onto it.

"Mmmmmm, that's good," she hissed, getting it to halfway. She glanced down; eyes
bulging at how much remained.

"I don't know if it'll fit," she moaned unhappily, lowering herself a bit more.
She winced when at 7 inches it reached the end of her canal. Determined, she
kept pushing, the head burrowing into her womb.

Breathing shallowly, her lips touched rubber. She had all 10 inside!

"Oh my, that's amazing!" She pulled it out slightly and placed the second plug
at her anus. It was longer than the nozzle, about 6 inches. She stood it up also
and, moaning the whole time, pushed both into her body.

Jenny was sitting beside her own suit, trying to hide the dampness between her
own legs. Finally she couldn't resist any longer, and began sliding her legs
into the suit. She began inserting the dildo slowly, gasping at its size. The
studs rubbed against her silky inner walls, sending waves of pleasure through
her. She imitated Emmy, standing both plugs up and impaling herself on them.

The full ten inches was a trial for her, stretching her womb to the maximum. She
was groaning in pain when it reached home, feeling it bumping against her
organs.

"Um, what's this?" she queried Emmy who was sitting panting.

"That's a catheter," she replied, not looking up from what she was doing between
her legs. "It goes in your piss hole."

"Ewww," Jenny complained, but bent to the task anyway. It hurt, but she felt a
strange urge to hurry. Eventually the full length of the slippery rubber tube
was in her most private orifice. It felt strange.

Both girls began pulling the lower half of the suits up at the same time. Jenny
pulled it tight, letting her breasts pop into the form-fitting covering. The
back sealed up to half way up her spine.

Nervously she slid her hands into the arms of the suit, making popping noises as
she pushed the air from the finger holes. It was sealed up to her neck, and then
she noticed the mouthpiece.

"Oh no, that can't go down my throat," she moaned, fingering the tube with her
gloved hands.

"Just swallow it," Emmy suggested, and made a strange gagging noise. Jenny
turned to see her with the tip of the tube down her throat. As she watched, Emmy
fed it into her throat, eyes bulging. Once the mouthpiece was safely in her
mouth, Emmy began putting her hair into a pony tail. Once that was done, she fed
the nostril tubes into her nose and pulled the rubber up over her face. Her hair
slid into a thick tube hanging from the rear of the head and it sealed up behind
her head.

Emmy made a hissing noise through her nose and gurgled some strange noise before
giving the thumbs up sign.

When Jenny didn't move, Emmy's blue suited form took the feeding tube and
brought it to Jenny mouth.

"Fine," she said, and sat down on the bed.

"Oooo," she moaned as the plugs surged in her pelvis. She opened her mouth
reluctantly.

Emmy pushed the head into Jenny's mouth, causing her to retch. Jenny swallowed
reflexively, and the tube began sliding into her body.

It felt like swallowing a noodle, Jenny thought as Emmy fed it deeper. Jenny
slid the mouthpiece in between her cheeks. Emmy put Jenny's hair into a pony
tail whilst Jenny inserted her nose tubes. The suit sealed up around her head.

Jenny heard a car pull up outside, Seconds later, the front door opened and
admitted two black-rubber-clad women. Their suits were not complete like Emmy or
Jenny, leaving their faces and hands free. Each woman held a leash in their
hands.

The glint of silver emerged around the necks of the two stunned girls, and a
d-ring melted from the metal at the front. The girls made no movements to
struggle as the leashes were clipped to their collars

 "Get up, slut," one woman commanded, tugging on Emmy's leash. The young
blue-suited lesbian stood obediently and followed the woman out.

Jenny felt a tug on her neck, and obediently stood to follow. Her mind her
screamed at her body to run, but instead it docilely followed behind the
black-clad women. A van was parked outside her house.

Jenny was led into the back and ordered to sit down. Her arms were cuffed to a
bench along the side and tubes were attached to her mouth and between her legs,
which were spread wide and cuffed to the bench also. Her collar was clipped to
the wall behind her, immobilizing her.

Beside her was the immobile blue form of Emmy. Across the other side of the van
sat a girl in yellow and another girl in pink, each sitting as docile as a lamb.

The doors to the van slammed shut, and Jenny felt control of her body return.

She screamed into her mouthpiece, squirming in her bonds. All three other girls
were doing the same.

Then a low buzzing noise was heard, and the dildoes lodged willingly in the
girls bodies came to life.

"Welcome to your new lives, cunts," one of the women from the front said as the
van came to life.

The only reply was an increase in the muffled screaming. The buzzing increased
in pitch; the vibrations coursing through Jenny's lower body were heavenly.

Quickly the vibrations brought the girls to thundering orgasms, the first of
many to come as the van pulled off into the night, carrying four girls to an
unknown fate.




Chapter 2 - Meetings

Elena lost count of the orgasms that had ripped through her by the time the van
stopped moving. The torturous vibrations slowed gently to a halt, leaving her
aroused and exhausted.

A dull rumbling could be felt in the air. Elena racked her brain to try and
identify it, twisting to peer through the front of the van for any clue, but
night had fallen and she couldn't see a thing.

One of the women from the front exited the van, a gust of cold wind blowing in
and chilling the four latex-clad girls in the back.

After a short wait, the back of the van opened, admitting the woman and a man
also clad in black latex. Elena felt her will drain away, her body waiting
docilely as she was released from her bonds and led out by her leash onto hard
tarmac.

The man clipped the girls' leashes in a long line and led them into the
darkness. Elena's eyes, the only part of her body she had any control over,
darted around searchingly.

Sitting on the tarmac, engines idling noisily stood the shadowed white bulk of a
Boeing 737, lights flashing impatiently underneath the wings. Elena's heart fell
in defeat as she spotted the mobile stairs parked against it, a black clad man
standing at the door.

Like lambs to the slaughter, the four shivering girls were led into the plane.
The inside was relatively spacious as all but one row of seats had been removed.
Walls cut the plane into sections inside, one to the left of the door towards
the front of the plane and one further down to the rear, and sturdy doors
concealed what lay beyond.

Elena sat down in a seat against the far wall and fastened the belt around her
waist with a click. Her leash was clipped to the side of her seat. She sat
passively in their seats whilst the two men closed the plane up, sealing them
into the vehicle that was to take them away from their lives.

Elena screamed silently in her head as the door slammed shut, and the men
disappeared into the forward section of the plane. The engines began powering up
quickly now, throbbing through her body. The intercom crackled.

"Please stay in your seats. We don't want any injuries." The voice was
pleasantly female and slightly accented; apparently there were others on the
plane. Elena had been constantly telling her body to move, and the sudden return
of free will caught her by surprise. Her muscles were suddenly allowed to tense,
throwing herself forwards in her seat and sending sharp pains through her waist
as the belt dug in. She exhaled sharply through her nose, biting down on the
rubber in her mouth in pain.

Elena heard her fellow captives moaning and sobbing as the plane began moving
forwards. It seemed to halt for a moment before the engines whined in effort.
Gravity pulled at her fragile body, pushing it back into the soft grip of her
seat as they accelerated along the runway.

Her own voice joined the chorus of quiet sobs as the plane shook violently. Then
the vibrations eased and the plane was in the air, her ears popping regularly as
they climbed higher. Slowly the plane levelled out at cruising height, shaking
ever so slightly with air movements.

Nervously, Elena released her belt and stood, stretching her tired, aching body.
She hated planes under the best of conditions, and was sweating quite a lot
underneath her covering of latex. The latex was breathable however, allowing her
sweat to escape into the cool air. Not that she could smell anything at the
moment except rubber from the tubes.

The leash on her neck was irritating her, tugging with every little movement,
and she reached up to release the clip. Her fingers closed around the steel clip
but she couldn't undo it! Her fingers wouldn't obey.

Fresh tears began forming behind the glass over her eyes as she tried vainly to
get rid of the leash.

Eventually she gave up with a defeated moan and fell back hard into her seat
which caused her to wince as the twin dildoes penetrating her were pushed
deeper.

&lt;Why me,&gt; she thought sadly. &lt;What did I do to deserve this? If only I
hadn't been stupid enough to follow those instructions!&gt; Elena paused. Just
why HAD she followed those instructions? She remembered feeling tingly and
excited about the items she had received; never questioning what would happen
after she put the suit on.

Then she realised that, just like she had been forced to comply with her
captors, she had been compelled to give herself an enema and put the suit on.
Elena had really had no choice in the matter, if she had resisted the compulsion
would have become greater. This seemed to relieve some of the guilt she felt
over her current position, and made her a whole lot angrier.

The door at the rear of the plane opened quietly, and a short Japanese girl
peered through cautiously. She wore a suit coloured light green that covered all
but her head contrasting with her long black hair that fell down past her
shoulders and concealed her small breasts. A glint around her neck highlighted
the silver collar she wore.

Elena stood up, watching the girl warily through narrowed eyes. The girl saw
Elena move, and her eyes widened in fear. Hurriedly the girl ran over to Elena
and, completely unexpectedly, knelt before her, eyes downcast.

"Please don't hurt me," she said, cowering on the floor. Elena looked down in
confusion.

"Mmm hhhm mm," Elena told her incomprehensibly. The girl let out a squeak of
horror and put her hands around Elena's neck like she was strangling her gently.
At her touch the latex split and she carefully pulled it off Elena's head. As
she coughed and retched to remove the tube down her throat, the girl released
the other 3 captives.

"Fuck you," the blonde girl in pink swore and threw her hood across the plane,
then with one balled hand hit the pretty Japanese girl heavily across the side
of the head. The girl fell to the ground with the force and let out a yelp in
shock. She looked up, seeing the girls' angry face glaring down at her and
curled into a ball protectively. The pink girl proceeded to start kicking her
savagely in the side, screaming "You tricked us, you fucking slut."

Elena, who had some experience in fighting, delivered a stunning punch to the
girls jaw, causing her to collapse to the ground unconscious. Elena ignored the
other two stunned girls and crouched down, rolling over the girl in green.

Her face had a large bruise forming on the side of her tear stained face, eyes
red and puffy.

"Don't hurt me," she sobbed in terror, holding her side in pain. Her breathing
game in short gasps.

The door at the front of the plane clicked, and swung open. Green squealed in
horror, sitting up painfully and staring at the floor, knees wide apart and both
hands clutching her side.

"Sit down," she hissed to the other girls, the fear plain in her voice. Elena
sat down and assumed a similar position beside her.

One of the black clad men strode in. Elena watched him cautiously, noting the
large pouch holding his cock and the size of his arms and legs. Around his waist
hung dozens of strange objects which made Elena quiver at their possible usage.

With one hand he grabbed Pink around the waist and lifted her up off the ground.
With the other hand he proceeded to attach her wrists to cuffs in the roof until
she was hanging several centimetres off the floor by her wrists. A ball gag was
removed from his belt and tightened around her head.

One hand slapped her across the face, waking her up. Her eyes widened once she
realised the position she was in and began crying when she saw who was standing
in front of her.

"Stupid cunt," the man said harshly. "Here's your first lesson." He unclipped a
paddle from his belt which he ran under the girls' terrified eyes before taking
position behind her.

"Don't..." he growled, and brought the paddle down hard on the girls left butt
cheek. Her entire body convulsed and she screamed around the gag. She began
wriggling like a worm on a hook, trying to twist so that he couldn't reach her
butt.

"...damage..." he continued after only a slight pause, bringing it down to slap
against her right cheek.

"...the..." Again the plane echoed with a painful slap and muffled screams.

"...Masters..." Slap. "...property." Slap. He paused for a moment, letting Pink
think her punishment had finished.

"Don't..." Slap. "...make..." Slap. "...eye...contact...with...men." The man
began laying down a regular pattern of swats to her unprotected behind. There
was no pause to her punishment as he quickly administered 20 paddles to her
arse. Unceremoniously he released her wrists, letting her drop to the floor with
a thud, unfortunately straight onto her tortured behind. The man leant down and
bent her arms behind her back, cuffing them there with leather handcuffs.

Pink moaned around her gag, tears falling down her face. Her butt was feeling
warm beneath the cool covering of latex. She looked up at the man pleading with
her eyes to let her go. He ignored her, standing up and looking over the others
who quickly glanced down.

"Good girls, you learn fast," he said to them. Elena glanced up and was rewarded
with a slap to her cheek. Quickly she looked down, hiding her blush.

"Never make eye contact with a man, unless told to," he informed her, then
returned to the front of the plane.

The girls stood up to look at Pink who was furiously rubbing her behind. Elena
recovered first from the shock.

 "Leave her gagged," Elena said, unable to help the satisfied feeling that Pink
had got just what she deserved. Pink's face was flushed with humiliation and
hatred, her eyes deep holes of blue.

Elena turned and introduced herself to the others. The girl in green was called
Aiko, which she told them shyly, still on the floor holding her side. Jenny
turned to look at the gagged girl on the floor.

"Should we find out her name?" she asked sympathetically.

"Her name is Cunt," Aiko snarled angrily, her voice sounding strange. Her eyes
widened.

"Master speaks through me," she whispered reverently. Again he took control of
her voice.

"Cunt has displeased me. Are you injured, dear Aiko?" It was strange to hear
Aiko asking herself questions.

"I hurt, Master. Cunt is strong, and I fear that I am much weaker."

"You will be cared for when you arrive. I wish you well."

"Yes Master, thank you Master." Aiko stood slowly, hands still holding her side
and studied the girls.

"You should kneel when I speak," she said disapprovingly. All three knelt and
lowered their eyes nervously.

"You have all pleased me." He/she turned to Elena. "You have especially pleased
me, for protecting my dear Aiko. I look forward to meeting you all."

Aiko shivered as she regained control over herself, her face glowing with
happiness as she sat down again.

"Master is pleased," she said, wincing. "Thank you."

"Um... Aiko, can I ask you something?" Elena said slowly. "Why do you obey him?"

"Because he loves me," she replied.

"But, you're a slave," said Emmy, unsure whether to be nervous or excited by the
concept of a real-life sex slave. "Don't you miss your family?" She frowned
sadly.

"My family are not here anymore." Jenny looked horrified.

"S-Slave?" she stuttered. "I don't want to be a slave!" Her voice took on a
hysterical note, and she began backing away slowly.

"Master is a good master," Aiko replied soothingly, looking slightly confused as
to why someone wouldn't know that.

"M-Master? I don't want a master!" Her eyes darted to the plane door and she
began moving in that direction.

"No!" Elena yelled, tackling her before she could reach the door and kill them
all. The rapid motion was most uncomfortable for her, causing the damn dildoes
to shift inside her. It was unnecessary, as the same control that wouldn't allow
them to release their leashes also wouldn't let them open the doors or attack
the men.

"Jenny," Aiko called to the struggling girl. "Replace Cunt's hood and behave
yourself. Do not worry about your family, I will explain later."

Jenny stopped struggling and glanced at Pink, looking mortified. Elena let go of
her cautiously, but she seemed to have calmed down now.

Reaching behind Cunt's head, Jenny released the straps gently and eased it out
of the poor girls' mouth. Cunt seemed to want to talk but was unable to even
close her mouth, let alone talk.

Aiko retrieved the slippery pink hood for Jenny, who took it in her shaking
hands and began feeding the tube down the girls open throat. Cunt coughed and
gagged but couldn't resist as it slid home, silencing her pleading mews. Her
nose was plugged with the slimy tubes and Jenny pulled the hood tight over the
girls head.

The bottom of the hood connected to the collar and sealed around her neck with a
slurp.

The door opened at the front of the plane, and the previous black clad man stuck
his head through.

"Get in your seats, sluts; belts on and silence." The door closed and the
blanket of control fell over the girls. Cunt had to be assisted to put her belt
on since her arms were still behind her back, earning Emmy a cold glare.

Aiko disappeared back into the rear of the plane just as the plane began to
shake with turbulence. Elena felt her stomach heaving, and she was grateful for
the collar which silenced her rebellious belly.

&lt;Oh how I hate this part&gt;, she moaned to herself, recalling the order not
to speak. The earlier episode had instilled a fear of disobedience in the girls,
and Elena had a feeling it wasn't over yet.

The bump as the plane touched ground was the best feeling she had ever felt; she
felt safe and secure in the strong grasp of the seat around her.

The engines cycled down, and the plane came to a halt. They had arrived.



The black clad man leashed them all together in a line and led them out of the
plane and into a snowstorm of all things. Emmy felt the cold wind blowing over
her essentially naked body, stealing her precious warmth with every moment. Her
nipples stuck out prominently underneath the flimsy covering, creating two
little mounds sitting proudly on her chest. A sharp yank on her leash caught her
attention and nearly overbalanced her. Bending forwards into the wind she caught
up quickly, following the man into the night.

The pace they moved at was fast, and the movement of her legs rubbed the dildoes
buried inside her, making her dizzy with pleasure.

Just when she thought her unprotected toes were going to freeze off from the icy
ground, a building loomed out of the darkness. It was hard to tell without
light, but Emmy guessed it was at least 3 stories high. A heavy wooden door
opened a crack, sending a beam of light into the darkness, highlighting the
billowing snow that was building up on the ground. The girls were led into the
door which was hurriedly shut and locked behind them.

Her eyes took a moment to adjust to the sudden light. The hall they stood in had
quite high ceilings, with a balcony on the left wall and a wide staircase on the
right. It was well lit for the girls', however the upper level was dark and full
of shadow. The walls were wooden-panels, with doors spaced along either side.
Emmy wanted to pause a moment to absorb this new place, but another sharp tug on
her leash reminded her of her humiliating situation, and she was forced to
follow behind.

The girls were led through a door on the left into a long corridor with doors
along the left side. One by one they were unchained from the line and led into
their own room. Emmy's leash was finally removed and hung from the side of the
four-post bed in the far left corner, the only feature in the warm room apart
from a slightly ajar door to the bathroom which was beside the bed.

The door closed but was not locked; Emmy assumed she wouldn't be able to open it
anyway.

A yellow hand slid around the doorway, admitting Elena's curious face. She
smiled when she saw Emmy, who gave a nervous wave in return.

She was too cold and tired to be social, so after a quick venture in the
bathroom to dry her latex-covered skin with a towel, she slid herself into bed.
The sensation of the sheets sliding over her latex skin was heavenly as she
twisted to hit the light switch beside her head.

She lay in the dark, listening to the sounds of her own breathing.

"I'm a sex slave," Emmy whispered to herself, and felt a thrill run through her.
As if on queue, the vibrator lodged in her pussy came to life gently. She hissed
happily, one hand sliding down her body to nestle between her legs. Trapped by
her own thighs, she rubbed her mound underneath the sheets, pushing the vibrator
briefly deeper with each pass. Her hand discovered a perfectly placed ridge
above her clit and she pushed down hard, grinding the sensitive organ between
hand and pubic bone. Her orgasm was quick and powerful, sending a shudder
through her whole body as her worries melted away in its warm glow.

A satisfied sigh escaped her lips as she slid into the oblivion of the night.



Jenny was at home, lying naked on her bed after her shower. Her wet back
glistened in the light of her lamp, her butt wriggling as she waved her legs
through the air. She was busy reading a girly magazine, her nudity completely
forgotten and one hand gently fondling her shaven labia.

The door burst open to her room and in strode her friend Emmy, dressed in a
black string bikini. A chain rattled in her hand which she yanked
experimentally, tugging at the collar that was now tight around Jenny's neck.
She squealed in horror, grabbing at the sheets in an attempt to cover herself as
Emmy pounced on her back, riding her backwards like a horse and pulling on the
chain so she was forced to arch her back, exposing her breasts to the air.
Something began humming ominously; Jenny twisted around to see.

"Nooo," she squealed as she spotted a silver vibrator in the hand of her friend.
She clenched her thighs together hard in an attempt to stop the inevitable. The
vibrator disappeared behind her and began worming its way down between her
buttocks, sliding down past her cute arsehole and nestling its tip between her
soft pink lips. Jenny squirmed in abject humiliation as Emmy's hand spread her
weakening legs and guided it deep into her rapidly lubricating pussy, sending
waves of mechanical pleasure through her loins.

Her squeals rapidly turned to moans of pleasure as the vibrator was held deep in
her privates. Emmy's fingers massaged her friends clit vigorously, making her
body quiver in ecstasy.

Elsewhere, the dildoes in Jenny's body hummed away diligently, arousing their
still sleeping host. She came awake gently, erotic dream fading into reality and
let out a squeal as the early-morning orgasm blazed through her body.

"No, no more... Stop it," she moaned, but the vibrators had other ideas, rapidly
bringing her to yet another orgasm.

Her sheets were soaked in sweat by the time the damnable vibrations stopped, the
inside of her suit slick with juices. The poor teenage girl squirmed as she
untangled her limbs from the prison of sheets she had created during her
thrashings.

She slid out of bed with an annoyed groan, finally free of the mess she had
created. One hand brushed her hair out of her face as she glanced around,
momentarily disoriented that she wasn't in her own room.

Her bladder called urgently, so she stood shakily and staggered to the bathroom.

The bathroom consisted of a room similar size to the bedroom, covered with plain
hospital white tiles to halfway up the walls, a sink with gold fittings on the
left, a shower in the middle right and a knee-high bench that was padded with
black leather on the far left. At the end of the bench nearest to the wall was a
pristine white hollow dome that started from the very end of the bench and ended
like it had been cut in half, making it look like an open umbrella covering the
end. The bottom half sloped down into the bench and ended with a drain in the
centre blocked by a single gold bar. Either side of the half-dome were flat
sections that were also padded.

Jenny's eyes searched, but didn't find, anything that resembled a toilet. She
did however spot a short note beside the sink. Taking the sheet in one hand, she
began reading it.



Welcome Jenny.

The thin tube beside the bench will take care of your needs. Just plug it in
between your legs. Administer at least one enema with the thicker tube. Shower
and do your hair however you feel.



She groaned, her face already heating. Her eyes fell on the far door. No way was
she plugging any tubes in if someone was going to walk in on her.

"Hello?" she called. There was no answer.

"Anyone there?" Jenny tried the doorhandle but it was locked. She felt kind of
stupid now.

Turning, she eyed the bench warily. Nature was calling however, so Jenny stepped
over and straddled the soft leather. The thin tube in one hand, she shakily
brought it down to connect with the tiny plug between her legs. Instantly her
bladder began emptying itself into the tube, bring welcome relief.

For Jenny this was the final humiliation, and she burst into tears. Even control
over her bodily functions had been stolen from her. Her self-control crumbled.

"Let me go," she screamed at the walls and began tearing at the suit covering
her lovely body. When she failed to even get a grip on its slippery surface, she
screamed in frustration and violently yanked free the tube between her legs. She
stood with a crazed look in her eyes.

The door to her room opened slowly and Aiko glided in, thick bandages wrapped
just below her breasts causing them to be pushed up slightly. Jenny was now busy
battering at the plexiglass shower screen, sobbing and moaning incoherently.
Silently Aiko took the leash from the bed and snuck up behind Jenny.

"I'm not a slave!" Jenny screamed at the innocent shower, just as Aiko's
delicate hands clipped the leash to her collar.

"Sit down, Jenny," Aiko commanded from behind. Jenny whirled around in surprise,
prepared to attack. Aiko's voice took control and forced her to her knees on the
cold floor, her red face already brimming with new tears.

"Please, help me," she pleaded softly. Aiko looked down on her sadly, then
without a word moved around behind Jenny and ran her fingers down her back,
splitting the suit as she went.

"Stand up and don't move," she commanded, and began peeling the latex covering
off the distressed girl. With a slurp the dildoes left their warm home, leaving
Jenny feeling empty. When she was entirely naked, Aiko led the docile girl into
the shower and washed the slimy lubricant from her skin.

"You are very pretty," Aiko whispered in her ear, washing between the girls'
legs more than necessary whilst trying to keep her bandages dry.

Jenny was feeling thoroughly confused now. Her body yearned for the dildoes to
fill her orifices, and Aiko's gently probing hands had only increased her need.
Aiko's soapy hands directed the dripping girl to lie down on the bench. Jenny
spread out on it, butt close to the inside of the dome and legs either side.
Aiko took the nozzle from beneath the bench and gently slid it into Jenny's
vagina. Jenny sighed in pleasure as her muscles rippled over the nozzle. The
water was released for a few moments, to wash out the artificial lubricants. It
was pleasantly warm, with a faint fragrance to it.

The nozzle was then inserted into her behind and Jenny received her second ever
enema. She enjoyed the feeling of fullness for a moment before the nozzle was
tugged free. Jenny quickly found out the purpose of the dome as it caught the
fetid water coming from her butt and channelled it away effortlessly. She would
have found it quite relaxing if it weren't for the cool gaze of Aiko making her
flush with embarrassment at every sound.

She stood submissively and allowed the Japanese girl to dry her, eyes downcast
and face bright red with humiliation. Aiko handed her the towel absently, which
she used to quickly wrap around her nakedness. Aiko snatched the towel away
hastily and rewarded her with a disapproving frown.

"Please, let me go," Jenny pleaded in a near whisper, tears forming again.
Aiko's face softened slightly and she sighed in sympathy.

"Come," she said gently, and tugged the leash around Jenny's neck. Jenny was led
completely naked out of her room and up the stairs in the main hall. The world
outside, Jenny saw briefly, was white with fresh snow, making her long for
freedom.

Although she dreaded anyone seeing her being led around naked like a pet, the
halls were deserted as Aiko led her through the building. They halted outside a
large wooden door and Aiko knocked gently.

"Come, dear Aiko," a warm voice said from inside. Aiko pushed open the door and
led Jenny, naked and shivering, into the warmth. Jenny sighed happily as she
warmed rapidly from the cold of the halls. Aiko unclipped her leash and directed
Jenny to the roaring fire that was directly across from the door.

Jenny curled her lithe form up on the sheepskin rug in front of the fire,
warming herself in its glow as Aiko disappeared into an adjoining room.

She sighed happily, rubbing her clean behind against the rug and enjoying the
sensation of the wool on her shaven privates.

"Jenny," a male voice spoke, making her jump. She rolled over to spot someone
watching her from the doorway. She squeaked and rapidly wrapped the rug around
her in a pyramid, blushing furiously. The man laughed gently.

He stepped forwards from the shadow into the flickering light of the fire. He
was tall, dark blonde hair and wearing a long, dark red robe that hid the rest
of his body. Jenny guessed that he was only about 22-23.

He maintained eye-contact with her as he walked across the room and sat in a
chair next to the fire. Jenny felt it hard to imagine that it was him who
abducted her and the other girls.

"Why..." she began, but was cut off by a firm glance from him.

"Stand up," he said softly. Still with the blanket around her naked body, she
raised herself up to stand before him. There was silence for a moment as they
stared at each other.

"Please let me go," Jenny whispered desperately. He shook his head gently, still
watching her. His constant gaze made her nervous.

"Why do you want to leave? Have you been hurt?" Jenny shook her head.

"Don't you like my rug?" he asked with a hint of a smile, causing her to blush
furiously.

"Then why do you wish to leave so soon?" Jenny's throat caught.

"Be...because I don't want to be a s...s...sex s...slave!" Her eyes brimmed with
tears again, and she clutched the blanket tighter around her body protectively.
He smiled as if he found this amusing.

"Where did you get that idea?" Jenny glanced at Aiko by the door, blushing
furiously. Her red face contrasted with her blonde hair still pulled tight in a
ponytail and the white covering of the sheepskin. He laughed again, standing
quickly. Jenny pulled the rug tighter as he casually walked over and stood next
to her, warming his back by the fire.

"You would make a good sex slave, I think," he told her casually. "But it will
be your choice."

"My choice?" Jenny asked, confused.

"Yes," he replied, looking down at her slightly. She stood at about eye-level to
him. "If I wanted a sex slave, I would prefer someone who I don't have to bind
hand and foot before I can enjoy myself. I want a girl who will enjoy her
position of subservience, who will willingly open her mouth and legs for me, who
will trust me unquestioningly with her life." With every word he spoke, he could
see Jenny getting more interested. He turned away to face the fire.

"I don't think you would be suited for it," he said dismissively, smiling
secretly to himself, waiting.

"What do you mean, not suited for it?" Jenny said angrily from behind him. "Am I
not sexy enough?" She released the blanket, letting it fall to the ground and
exposing her pale skin to the air. Aiko suppressed a hiss of delight; Jenny
practically glowed in the firelight

Her hands twined around his body and pulled him close to her chest. He could
feel the hardness of her uncovered nipples against his back. Her lips kissed him
on the cheek gently.

"Not at all," he said, trying to ignore her as she slid herself around and
shakily undid the front of his robe. She slid herself up against him, rubbing
herself against his bare skin. Her inexperienced hands searched and wrapped
gently around his rapidly growing manhood, her cool skin like fire against him.

"Jenny, that's enough," he said, his voice shaking slightly. Jenny seemed to
realise what she was doing, and with a short squeak recoiled and wrapped herself
in the rug again, muttering apologies the whole time.

He thought for a moment, watching the shy Jenny as he did his robe up again.
Jenny noticed that he wore a silver bracelet on each arm, which he hid with the
arms on the robe.

"You may go when you wish," he told her with a sigh, much to her surprise.

"Go?" Jenny asked weakly.

"Speak with Aiko when you wish to leave. I have wasted our time." He turned and
walked towards the door, leaving Jenny on the floor.

The world swum around her; words echoed through her mind. &lt;Master doesn't
love you&gt; &lt;You're not good enough&gt;

"Master," she called out loudly. He paused at the door, looking over his
shoulder at the girl sitting curled in the rug by the fire. She looked lost for
a moment, then discarded the rug and faced him on her knees, legs slightly apart
and arms behind her back, forcing her breasts out from her chest enticingly.

Her eyes were downcast as she waited for his approval. The cool air against her
skin made her shiver whilst her back glowed from the fire.

"Aiko, take the slut and dress her appropriately," he said finally. His words
stung her, but she kept still, happy with his approval. After all, she was
acting like one.

The bandaged Aiko glided over and took Jenny's leash in her hand.

"Come," Aiko told her, and led the nervous slave away. What had she gotten
herself into?




Chapter 3 - Consequences

Emmy's eyes flew open, nervous excitement flooding through her at the beginning
of her first day as a slave. It was like a dream-come-true for her. It had
always been Emmy's most precious fantasy to be owned by someone else, and now
that she had the opportunity to live it, she was eager to meet her Master.

Her hand absently fingered the cool silver collar encircling her neck as she lay
quietly, thinking about the life she was so ready to relinquish to her captor.
Her lips tightened as she thought about the times her father had come home and
beaten her mother, and the times when she herself didn't get away from his
drunken rage fast enough. So far her life as a slave was an improvement. Sighing
happily, she snuggled deeper into the warm sheets, enjoying the sensations of a
good-quality bed rubbing over the tight latex of her skin.

Footsteps outside the door made her heart leap. Was she going to finally meet
him, she wondered to herself. Would he roughly take her innocence on the bed
like she was nothing more than his possession? A quiver of fear pierced her
heart. Would he dislike her and cast her aside in favour of another girl?

The door handle twisted and began swinging open. Her breath caught in her lungs,
her mind cycling her last thought like an accusation.

He walked in and glanced at Emmy, who gazed back nervously. Then Elena stepped
in following behind on a leash, arms folded underneath her yellow-covered
breasts defiantly. Her face was flushed with humiliation, avoiding eye-contact
with the man holding her chain.

Emmy felt a stab of jealousy, her eyes narrowing towards the girl in yellow.  she thought resentfully. He watched her with his dark green
eyes like a predator watches its helpless prey. Emmy fidgeted nervously, unsure
of what she should do.

"I don't tolerate lethargy in my property," he remarked to her, then glanced
away momentarily to place Elena's leash on a hook beside the door. Emmy sprung
out of bed hastily, the sheets hissing as they slid off her lithe body.

He turned back to her, his eyes making her blush as they roamed across her
near-naked body.

She couldn't maintain eye contact with him, her eyes shifting to stare at her
feet submissively.

Suddenly, with the ease of a practiced act, he stepped forwards and caught her
arm, spinning her around and pulling it sharply into the small of her back. She
stifled a scream of fright as he wrapped a leg around her and swiftly knocked
her feet out from under her. She fell forwards with a yelp and found herself
lying on her stomach. She let out little squeals of fear as he roughly brought
both hands behind her back and locked them together with a pair of leather cuffs
that he produced from inside the robe.

She struggled determinedly, her wildly flailing feet gaining purchase long
enough to move. She twisted and unbalanced him from her back, sending him
rolling onto his back. He laughed in surprise as she wriggled away, propping
herself up against the wall to smile back at him triumphantly. He wasn't going
to get her that easily, she thought with a grin.

He briefly considered using the collar she wore to make her sit still, but
thought better of it. Catching her unaided was a crucial step.  he thought with a smile as he reached into his robe to pull out a ball
gag.

Emmy had managed to stand up and was busy edging towards the open door, still
grinning mischievously in a manner more suiting a child caught thieving from the
kitchen than a young lady fighting for her virginity. Her eyes widened briefly
at the sight of the gag, and she made a desperate lunge for the door.

He threw himself at her feet, tripping her up. The landing knocked the air from
her lungs making her gasp and giving him just the opening to slip the ball in
and lock it behind her head. She squealed in despair as he trapped her legs
between his thighs and cuffed them together also.

Still defiant, she started wriggling her way towards the door, her face flushed
with exertion and embarrassment. His hand closed around her legs, folding them
back and clipping her ankle cuffs to her wrists in a neat hog-tie.

Emmy moaned wistfully in defeat, her blue-clad limbs wriggling futilely. His
hand slipped down between her legs, making her squeal in humiliation as the
vibrators buried there came to life. The room was filled with their slightly
muffled buzzing as Emmy desperately tried to escape their vibrations.

He stood back and watched her writhing form with a satisfied look as she rapidly
approached the unwanted orgasm. She came suddenly, bucking and squealing in her
bonds like a little teenage nymphomaniac.

"Aren't we a little slut," he chastised her, making her moan with shame at her
display of wanton lust. She imagined what her bound form looked like and was
thankful for the tight latex imprisoning her sex that caught the sudden gush of
female juices.

He denied her a second orgasm, cutting off the vibrations with a command to her
collar just before she peaked, making her cry out angrily. She glared up at him
from above the round red ball of the gag. He smiled back, feigning confusion.

"What do you want?" he asked her, his voice annoyingly casual. She growled back
and wriggled her arse suggestively, although she knew he wouldn't grant her wish
so easily.

"You want me to untie you?" he guessed. She started to shake her head angrily,
then froze as she realised exactly what he had said. Frantically she nodded,
squealing around the gag to get his attention as he stood up dismissively.

"Okay then, whatever you want," he told her as he unhooked Elena who was trying
to hide a grin and lead her out of the room.

The door shut with a thud, leaving the bound, gagged and very horny Emmy to
writhe in despair on the hard floor, cursing around the gag filling her mouth.
Then the vibrations started again.



Jenny was breathing shallowly as she slid her behind onto the cold leather seat
of the examination table. Somehow she had always been able to escape going to
the doctors for a full pelvic exam. Her mother would always mention it and then
forget without making an appointment, much to Jenny's relief. The thought of
someone poking her privates made her terribly anxious.

Now here she was; a naked sex slave about to undergo just such a procedure. Her
mind was still reeling; she felt dizzy with shock. She couldn't have asked for
it; she wasn't like that! She didn't want to be a slave!

And yet she had dropped the rug and given herself to him; her eyes burned with
tears of shame as she recalled her actions.

"Why?" she moaned softly. Did she think her life so poor that a life of sexual
servitude was preferable?

Distracted by the sound of metal against metal, Jenny came out of her thoughts
to watch Aiko collecting silvery steel implements that she arranged on a steel
tray beside Jenny. She eyed each one apprehensively, her mind thinking up all
sorts of devious uses for them, none of them she thought she would particularly
enjoy. She slid her knees together tightly and sat on her hands, unwilling to
put her legs in the stirrups and open herself to the devices until she
absolutely had to.

"Lie back and arms up," Aiko instructed her, straightening up to push gently on
Jenny's shoulder. Reluctantly she lay back, gasping nervously as her back made
contact with the cold surface. The table bent half-way up her back, raising her
upper-body forwards slightly. She hesitated before raising her arms above her
head, and let out a gentle sob as the soft straps were tightened around her
slender wrists. Similar straps went above and below her breasts, around her
belly and across her forehead, securing her to the table.

Aiko's dark-green hands took hold of her left ankle and strapped it into the
stirrup. Another quiet sob escaped her quivering lips as her other leg was
strapped down, spreading her legs slightly. Then Aiko began adjusting them,
lifting them up and exposing her secrets lewdly to the cool air.

Jenny tested her bonds experimentally, tugging gently against the straps holding
her down and discovering that underneath the soft exterior lay cold, unforgiving
wire. She was well restrained. Jenny quivered in alarm as Aiko picked up a
fearsome-looking device shaped like a crescent moon made of wire.

"Open your mouth," she commanded, one latex-clad hand on Jenny's lips. Her eyes
wide, she clamped her mouth shut tight, whimpering softly.

Aiko looked down disapprovingly and retrieved a small metal clamp that she
placed quickly onto Jenny's unprotected nipple.

"Ahhh," Jenny yelped in unexpected pain, giving Aiko the chance to slide the
moon-shaped device in between her teeth. Jenny tried to push it free with her
tongue as Aiko opened it up slowly, forcing Jenny's jaws wide apart.

The clamp was released shortly, making Jenny hiss as the blood returned to her
sensitive nipple.

Aiko picked up another shiny device that Jenny didn't recognise and swiftly
coated its smooth surfaces with jelly.

"Ahhhnnnn," Jenny protested as the end of the speculum was placed between her
labia. The jelly wasn't really necessary as it slid in easily between her damp
folds, making her squeal with the cold. Jenny wondered if it had been kept on
ice. Squeezing the handle now protruding from her body, Aiko opened its length
inside the teen and for the first time Jenny felt cool air blow against her
cervix.

"Ehhhhh," Jenny moaned in embarrassment as the short girl began probing the
inner lining of her pussy with a swab, wanting nothing more than to be able to
close her splayed legs. Something prickled deep inside her then Aiko stood and
placed the swabs into a sealed bag. With a sigh, the speculum was removed.

"Time for your dressing," Aiko said grimly, and picked up a strange-looking
device that Jenny watched wide-eyed, eyeing the sharp needle peeking from it
with a bad feeling. Aiko squeezed the handle on it, and the two halves of the
device moved almost to touching. She squeezed tighter and with an audible click
the needle stabbed forward in the blink of an eye through the two halves and
back to its position. Jenny cried out in fear, realising with a sick premonition
what it was designed to do.

Aiko flicked a catch on the top to expose the needle and ran it through a
lighter in her hand until it was hot. Then Aiko began to rub Jenny's left nipple
gently with an alcohol swab. Despite her frantic strains against the padded wire
that held her down, her nipple hardened in betrayal against the cold swab.

She began squealing hysterically as the two halves closed over her nipple,
positioning the needle horizontal to her body.

CLICK

Jenny squealed in pain. Aiko's small fingers picked up a tiny ring, intersected
through the middle by a thin bar. The bar came free from one side, which was
slid through the tender new piercing and clipped shut, neatly aligning the ring
permanently around the base of her nipple.

CLICK

The same process was repeated with her other nipple. Both now glinted with their
new silver collars snug around the base. They were made of the same substance as
her collar, and would keep the wounds free of infection.

Then Aiko's tongue began lapping against her clit, gently coaxing the innocent
flesh out of hiding. Jenny squealed in horror, straining with new-found strength
against the straps.

"No, noh my clih, plehs noh my clih," Jenny pleaded through the mouth spreader,
her eyes streaming tears. The cool swab was run gently around her clit, and then
cold steel closed tightly around her tender bud.

CLICK

"Eeeeee!!" she screamed. Thankfully Jenny's collar muted the pain slightly, but
she still felt dizzy from the pain that lanced through the sensitive skin. Aiko
slid the collar down around her clit and locked it shut, holding the silver ring
snug against the base.

"One more," Aiko told her sympathetically, recalling her own piercing, and the
fun experiences she had with them afterwards. How Master would use the rings to
hold her nipple inside his mouth to tease her with, or clip a chain to her
clitoris and lead her around by it.

Jenny cried softly, regretting her split-second decision immensely. She knew
what the last one would be now. Her tongue curled back into her head
protectively, hiding from the piercing tool.

"Noh my tung! Pleeeeh. Anyhinh buh my tung," Jenny pleaded desperately,
straining insanely against her bonds. They dug deep into her pale skin, flushed
red from exertion and pouring sweat. Jenny was terrified of having her tongue
pierced, to the point where she was going to hurt herself soon.

Aiko was concerned by the sudden resistance. Even when she had collared the
girls' clit she hadn't reacted this violently.

Master's control descended upon her body then and put down the piercing tool.
Aiko\Master picked up a silver ball-gag from the tray where it had lain quietly
and slid it into Jenny's gaping mouth. Jenny's struggling slowed as she realised
she had been spared, and her eyes shone with tears of happiness. The
mouth-spreader was released and the gag was buckled shut tight behind her head;
Jenny's jaw would have no rest.

Weak and sore, she was unstrapped from the table. Her legs felt like jelly, her
lowered eyes red and puffy.

"Get her some food," Master instructed, and Aiko was released. Jenny felt a tug
on her collar, and hurried to follow.



Cunt's entire body ached. It seemed like an eternity she had lain in the dark,
unable to move, unable to see, hear or feel anything except pain and
frustration.

Her anus was full with soapy water that irritated her colon and slowly filled
the bladder that she could not void.

The vibrators came on again, driving her wild with desire. She knew they would
give no release, cutting out moments before she reached the orgasm that had
become the sole goal of her being.

She stiffened in fright as something touched her head; suddenly pain lanced
through her skull as agonisingly bright light shone into her wide eyes.

She grunted in pain, squinting as her eyes adjusted slowly. Above her stood
someone, a vague blur that sharpened into the shape of Elena, arms cuffed behind
her back. Unable to move her head, she simply glared up at the girl who had hit
her, preventing her from beating the shit out of that little whore.

A man's face moved into view, his hands attaching something to her mouth,
pushing against her lips that were spread around the tube violating her orally.
It was tall, thick and silvery, jutting up from her head, with channels winding
down around the sides; a dildo.

Her eyes widened in outrage as he then guided the nervous Elena to straddle her
head. The glistening wet folds of Elena's exposed pussy in front of her face
made her feel sick. Then Elena raised herself forwards and guided the dildo
gently into her body. The sight of the glistening skin stretched tight to
encompass the monster protruding from her face made her entire body quiver with
the wish to kill this wanton slut impaling herself so close to her eyes. The
grooves in the dildo had little holes spaced down their length, which she
wondered about for a moment until it was horribly explained.

"You might want to know that the vibrator is designed with channels through it
to catch dear Elena's precious moisture and funnel it directly into your gastric
tube." The man's face moved close, smiling sweetly. "I hope she doesn't
lubricate too much, it won't leave any room for lunch."

Bile rose around the tube in her throat. The grooves were channelling this
sluts' juice directly into her stomach!

Then, as Elena's legs were strapped down so she couldn't rise completely off the
dildo, the full meaning hit her.

It's a vibrator?

With a laugh he flicked the tiny switch at the base, activating the device.

"Oooo," Elena moaned, and began gently fucking herself with the vibrator.
Already her eyes were closed and she was rocking back and forth.

"Enjoy breakfast," he called out as the door shut behind him.

Elena came then, her pussy flooding the semi-hollow vibrator with liquid and
screaming out in ecstasy.  she vowed in silence as Elena
bucked wildly over her.



Her Master watched Jenny intently from across the table. She kept glancing at
him nervously in between shovelling bacon into her mouth with her fingers. The
enema's had left her drained, and she was ravenously hungry.

She stole another glance at him. Was he going to punish her for her performance?
Her attention focused briefly on the throbbing between her slightly parted legs.
She blinked the tears that threatened to overwhelm her, distracting herself by
taking another mouthful.

The sun shone through a window to her right, revealing a pristine-white
landscape. She could enjoy living here, she thought... if she wasn't a sex
slave.

With a start she realised the plate was empty. She glanced around, still hungry.
He was still watching her. His constant attention was becoming annoying. Just as
she thought she was about to crack...

"Jenny," he said softly. "Come here." His voice was flat and expressionless.
Jenny swallowed weakly; he was going to punish her.

Slowly she slid off the chair and, painfully aware of her own naked
vulnerability, walked to stand beside him.

He frowned at her in displeasure. She quivered in fear, standing quietly,
waiting for him. When he did not speak, Jenny recalled with a start her
requirements and hastily knelt beside his chair.

"I'm going to pierce your tongue, Jenny." He stated flatly.

"No," Jenny cried, springing to her feet and grabbing his arm urgently. "Please,
anything but that! Pleeeease, don't pierce my tongue again!" He prised her hand
off him, his eyes narrowing.

"When I am happy, I am very happy. When I'm mad, I'm very mad," he spoke to her
quietly. Reluctantly Jenny knelt down again, tears forming again.

"Please M-Master," she begged. "Pierce anything but my t-t-tongue." He seemed
interested by this statement.

"Anything? What is wrong with your tongue, little Jenny?" He learned Jenny had
been coaxed by some of the girls at school into going and having her tongue
pierced with them about a year ago.

"It...it got infected l-last time. It was... horrible... nearly died..." she
broke off in tears. Eventually he managed to discover that it had gotten badly
infected and nearly strangled her. She had spent a week at the hospital
recovering, her mind a fog of pain-killers. The place she had it done was soon
after closed because of dangerous practices. He stroked her soft hair, pulling
gently on the pony tail to lift her head.

"Do you trust me, Jenny?" She didn't answer, afraid of responding and what
either way could mean.

"Come Jenny, I'll do it myself," he said standing up. Jenny refused to move off
the floor, staying head lowered and sobbing softly.

Her crouched and lifted her gently to her feet. She wrapped her arms around his
comforting warmth, squeezing herself flat against his chest. Her lips parted
slightly.

"I trust you," she whispered in his ear.



Once again Jenny found herself being strapped down. The table retained none of
her body-warmth from before, so she shivered slightly as it moulded to her back.

He slid the spreader in at the same time two fingers parted her labia and delved
deeply into her warmth. She moaned softly as he opened her orifices, one with
cold steel and one with warm fingers. His mouth closed around her tender nipple,
pulling gently on the new piercing and teasing the rapidly expanding tip with
his tongue.

His fingers were driving her wild with pleasure; she squirmed in her bonds,
trying to get his fingers in deeper. One hand still in her snatch, he lifted the
piercing tool and brought it to her mouth. Her eyes watched nervously as she
offered her tongue to him, sticking it out for his wishes.

The steel closed around her tongue, trapping it between the halves. His fingers
delved deeper, thumb rubbing her collared clit, making her forget the impending
pain. Her pupils dilated.

CLICK




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lord Douche


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





