BDSM Library - Cumbag and The Boy Scouts




Cumbag and The Boy Scouts
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cumbag, the ultimate slut, entertains group of boys.
Cumbag and The Boy Scouts
By Steve Dema

Chapter One

Steve answered the door.

"Hi Richard...Come on in. The stupid cunt will be down in a minute. How have you
been?" Steve asked as he led his old friend into the den.

"I'm great. I really appreciate you loaning the cunt to us, Steve. It will be
great for the boys. You know how important it is to get kids off to a good start
these days." Richard said.

"I agree. It's good for them. I remember when I was in the Boy Scouts. It sure
helped me to become a man. I'm always glad to help. Well...Here's the dumb slut
now. It's about time you, fucking cunt. Get your ass in here, you stupid bitch!"
Steve shouted as Cumbag came bouncing down the stairs.

Cumbag smiled at Richard and Steve.

"I'm sorry sir. You know what a stupid slut I am. Hello Richard. I'm so glad to
see you again. I can't wait to get raped by the boys. You said there will be
about a hundred boys there?...That's great! This fuckpig hasn't had that many
cocks at one time in a loooong time! Do you like my uniform?...Do you think this
will make them want to rape this cunt into the dirt?" she asked as she spun
around.

Cumbag was wearing a Boy Scout uniform top. Holes were cut letting her huge tits
hang out. She was wearing a skirt that barely covered her cunt, but not her ass.

"Yeah...I guess it's alright. But I don't think you'll have it on long, slut."
Richard said with a wink as all three of them laughed.

"If you don't mind Steve, I'll pass on the drink for now. We have a long drive.
I should be going." He said.

"No problem Richard. I hope you and the boys have fun with the cunt. Let me know
if the bitch doesn't act right OK?...Cumbag...You be a good fuckpig for the
boys, you hear me?" Steve said.

Cumbag hugged Steve and said, "I will sir. Let's go. Cumbag can't wait!"

As soon as they got into his truck, Cumbag started.

"Richard....Can I please suck your cock?.......Please?...Let the slut have some
cum...You know this slut is a good cocksucker....Please?...I gotta have
some..."Cumbag began to cry.

"Oh...You stupid cocksucking whore!...Shut the fuck up!...Goddamn! I don't know
how he puts up with you!" Richard yelled as he grabbed Cumbag and pulled her to
his crotch.

Cumbag started slurping on Richard's cock as soon as she got it in her mouth.
Richard held Cumbag by her hair, slamming her head up and down on his cock.
Cumbag licked, nibbled and sucked with every thrust.

"Mmmm...Soooo   good!...Feed this pig your fucking cock!...Fuck my
mouth-cunt!...Mmmmm" Cumbag moaned as he humped her mouth.

Cumbag sucked Richard's cock as they drove to the forest where his Boy Scout
troop was camped. Cumbag was licking the last of his cum from his cock as they
pulled into the camp. Cumbag looked up and saw all of the small tents with
groups of boys doing various things. There was a covered pavilion along with the
50 or so pup tents in the heavily wooded area, along with a small stage with
bleachers. Richard drove to the back of the stage.

"You stay here cunt until I call you. Understand slut?" Richard told her as he
got out of the truck as she nodded. She couldn't wait.

Cumbag rubbed her cunt as she heard Richard on the public address system calling
the boys to the stage.

"All scouts...Report to the stage area immediately! Stop what you are doing and
report to the stage"

Cumbag's cunt juiced even more as she could here the low murmur of the boys as
they filled the bleachers. After several minutes she heard Richard on the PA
once again.

"All of you boys know how proud I am to be your troop leader. You know how
important all of you boys are to me. I am proud to be your mentor, helping you
to learn the lessons of the Boy Scouts. I also want to teach you great fellows
other things too. So we have a special guest this weekend. Someone I know you
will enjoy. Cumbag...Come join us!"

The boys stared as Cumbag came bouncing on stage in front of the 100 or so buys.
She strutted across the stage wagging her ass and bouncing her tits as she
smiled and winked at the boys. She strutted over to Richard as he spoke into the
microphone.

"This weekend you will be learning about sluts. This is what you will be
practicing on. Introduce yourself slut." Richard said as he stepped back handing
Cumbag the microphone.

Cumbag took the microphone and smiled at Richard when he grabbed her left tit
and gave it a hard squeeze. When he dropped her tit, he gave Cumbag a quick slap
on her ass. Cumbag squealed and jumped as she smiled at the crowd of boys and
winked.

"Hi boys. My name is Cumbag. I'm here so that you boys can learn about sluts...I
am a slut. I am also a cunt...In fact; I am just a fucking cumslut. I hope you
treat me like the cunt I am. I will be here all weekend for your fun. I can't
wait until each of you get to fuck me as much as you want. I'm not like those
little girls you know...I'm a fuckpig! I'm just a nasty fuck-whore that loves to
have cocks in all of my fuck holes...I'll do anything that you have ever thought
of...I love cocks. I love to be fucked hard and I'm a great cocksucker!...I also
love to get hurt while I'm being raped. You boys can do anything you can think
of to me....And I do mean anything!" Cumbag said into the microphone.

Cumbag slid her hand to the hem of her skirt. With a smile she slipped a finger
into her cunt as she looked at the crowd of young boys. She grinned sexily as
she stuck the dripping finger into her mouth and sucked it clean. She grabbed a
handful of her long, silky blonde hair and held it up.

"Do you boys like my hair? Do you know what my hair is for?...Ha, ha, ha...It's
for dragging this fucking cunt around, that's what! I love it when men grab my
hair and pull my cocksucking mouth from one cock to another. If there is
something you want me to do then just grab this slut's hair and make me do it. I
love it!...Do you guys think I have a pretty face?...Well...I love to have my
face dripping with cum! I hope you boys want to shoot a lot of hot, sticky cum
in my fucking face.  Who thinks this piece of fuckmeat would be prettier with
loads of your cum squirted on her fucking face?...Who wants to splatter this
bitches face with some nice hot, cock-cream?"

Cumbag smiled as a hundred boys cheered and raised their hands. Cumbag rolled
her tongue around her lips as grabbed a tit in each hand, and shook them at the
boys.

"This cunt is glad to know that! Ha, ha, ha...So go ahead...Use my face for a
cum-target and a cum-sponge...Mmmmm...So...Dump your cum in my face...or shoot
your jizz up my nose...or fill my fucking ears with cum. I don't give a
fuck!...I want thick strands of cum covering my whole mother-fucking head!"

Cumbag lowered her head and grabbed her right nipple between her teeth. She
pulled her head up, stretching the hard nipple as boys hooted and hollered at
her. She let the nipple slip from her teeth and laughed as her huge tit bounced
up and down.

"Who wants their cock sucked?...Ha, ha, ha...Everybody I hope!...I'm a good
cocksucker...So if you want this whore to suck your cocks, just shove them in
this hole. I'll suck your all of your cocks soooogood! I want all of you to
think of my mouth as just another cunt!...My mouth-cunt!...My top-cunt! Just
grab this slut and fuck her mouth like it's a cunt!... I know you fellows will
like fucking my mouth as much as I love having it fucked. Did I tell you boys
how much I love to eat cum?...Well I DO!...That's why my name is
Cumbag!...That's what I am...I'm just a walking cumdump, so please...Feel free
to feed this bitch all of the cum that you want. Fill this whore's belly so full
of cum that I slosh when I walk!...I'm just a walking cumbag, so fill it
up!...Let's see how much cum this bitch-slut can hold!"

Cumbag smiled as the boys clapped and yelled nasty things at her.

"Do you know what my mouth is besides being a cumdump?...It's also a
urinal....Have you boys ever pissed in some stupid sluts face before?...Well
here is your chance. I want everyone of you to piss right in my fucking
face!...Show me what kind of a fucking whore I am! Ha, ha, ha...I hope you guys
remember that when you need to piss...Don't piss behind some tree or in some
cold toilet!...Hell!...I'm a fucking toilet too!...So...If you need to piss,
piss right here!...If there's a cock in my mouth already, ask who ever is
fucking my mouth if they would mind if you pissed in my mouth. Remember...You
guys always be nice to each other when you rape me, OK?...If it's OK with
whoever is throat-fucking me, then you just grab my hair...jerk my cocksucking
mouth off of that cock and gram your cock in and piss away!...I promise this pig
will do her best to suck down every drop of piss you guys are nice enough to
give me!...Do you know what this slut has in her mouth?"

Cumbag stuck her tongue out again. This time she grabbed it and pulled,
stretching it as far as she could for all the boys to see.

"Ha, ha, ha...That's right! A tongue!...Ooooo...My tongue was made to lick cocks
and balls. I'm such a dirty little bitch!...I love to lick assholes too!...Have
you boys ever had your assholes licked by some stupid cocksucking fuckpig, like
me?...Well this is your chance. So, don't forget to make me suck your asses at
least once this weekend, OK?...I promise it'll feel great and get you so horny
that you will want to dump some more cum into this bitch-whore."

Cumbag squeezed her huge tits together and rolled them all around her chest. She
pulled her tits even further through the two big holes that were cut into her
top and winked. Cumbag flashed seductive looks at the crowd of boys as she
mauled her tits. A cheer went up from the crowd when she grabbed each nipple,
pulled her giant tits up and shook them. She grinned as she continued.

"Oohhh...You boys like big tits on your sluts, huh? Ha, ha, ha...That's great! I
was hoping you boys liked really big tits! This cunt loves for her tits to be
played with, but most of all I like them to be hurt...Who wants to hurt this
slut's cow-tits?...Who wants to try to pull these fucking slut-bags off of this
whore?...Ooohhh...Good!...I know I'm going to have some fun here!...I can't wait
to give you boys a shot at twisting this big fuckers...When you boys get at him,
don't be gentle...I want you to be as rough with them as you can!...The slut
likes them pulled and hit...I love them to be twisted and bit...Just do anything
you want to these big old slut-bags! You can pinch them with pliers, you can
stick pins in them...you can even burn them! I don't give a fuck!...I just want
you to treat me like the rape toy I am!...Could I get some of you to fuck
them?...Please!...Wouldn't you like to grab these fucking whore-tits, smash them
around your cock and fuck them until you splatter your jizz all over my fucking
face?...Oooooh....The slut can't wait!...Let me show you what else this whore
has for you boys!" she said with another wink.

She slipped her top off and shook her tits again at the crowd of boys which
brought a howl of approval. Cumbag turned around and boys whistled when they saw
the bottom half of her ass hanging below her short skirt. Cumbag smiled over her
shoulder at them as she leaned forward a little exposing more of her tight ass.
She then spread her legs and bent over. As she looked at the crowd of boys from
between her legs she grabbed her ass cheeks as wide as she could, showing them
her asshole. She stood and massaged her ass and returned to the microphone.

"Ha, ha, ha...It sounds like you boys like my ass?...Who wants to fuck this
bitch's ass?...See how tight it is?...I can hardly get my fingers in it!...When
you want to fuck it, don't go slow. A slut like me is used to having cocks just
crammed up my fucking ass...This whore's asshole is fun to fuck...Just throw
this slut down and shove your cock all the way in my fucking asshole and make it
hurt....Then...Fuck this whore into the dirt...That's right where I belong!
Fucked in the dirt! And don't forget!...Shove your cock in my mouth after you
fuck my ass!...Make me clean it in my mouth...You wouldn't want anyone to know
you have been fucking a slut!"

Cumbag slipped her skirt off. She took the microphone from the stand as she sat
on the stage and spread her legs as her hand went to her cunt.

"This is a slut's cunt!...Can everyone see how wet it is?...This cumpig can't
wait to have you boys fucking the shit out of it...Mmmmm....Oohhh...Just look
how it's dripping! I can take two cocks in my cunt, you know. I love to have my
whore's cunt stuffed!...You can also fist-fuck this bitch!...Do you boys know
what that is!...Well...That's when you make a fist and just shove your hand
right up my fucking cunt!...Just slam your hand in it and fuck me with
it!...This whore hopes you boys think that's sounds like
fun!...Oohhh...GOD!...This slut is so horny!...I need to get fucked soooo
bad!...Please!...Fuck me!...Rape me. Please?...Watch this whore put her hand in
her cunt...Mmmmm...Someone please shove a cock in this cunt!   Can't you boys
see how much I need to be raped?...Please!...Don't be mean to this fucking
slut!...Shove some cocks in the whore!...Please Richard...Can I fuck the boys
now?...I'll be a good piece of fuckmeat!...I promise Richard! I'll fuck them all
so good!...Please let the boys rape the slut!...This pig is so hot!...I
coming!...Everyone! Watch the slut cum!" Cumbag whined as she slid her hand in
and out of her hot, wet cunt.

Richard took the microphone from the cumming Cumbag and addressed the Boy
Scouts.

"OK...You boys heard the slut...Troop A, step to the front of the stage!...OK
boys. You guys are the oldest. I want you to start things off...Remember...A
good leader leads by example. Now, the younger boys here need you to show them
how to treat a cunt. I expect you boys to be their leaders. When you rape the
bitch, make it clear to the younger ones how to do it. Do you
understand?...Good!...OK boys!...We are counting on you to be good
leaders....Rape the whore!" Richard said as he pushed Cumbag off of the stage
into the mass of leering boys.

Cumbag landed on the ground with a hard thud.  She looked up as group of 25 boys
surrounded her. She smiled as they encircled her.




Chapter Two

Cumbag grabbed her tits and squeezed them together as she looked up at the mob
of boys. She licked her lips as they started pulling their cocks from their
pants she got on her knees in front of the boys. Cumbag stared at their cocks
hungrily. They were boy sized cocks, but she didn't care. A cock was a cock.

"Ummmm...Such pretty cocks!...Just look at them!...So pretty and so hard!...Did
this slut make your yummy cocks hard?...Mmmmm...Give them to me!...Cram your
cocks in my fuck-holes!...Do it!...Fuck this whore!...Shove some cocks in this
bitch-whore!...Hmmm...Your balls all look so full of cum!...Are they?...Do you
boys have a lot of cum for this Cumbag? Tee, hee, hee...Come on boys...Fill this
bitch with cum!" Cumbag pleaded.

A boy grabbed her head and shoved his cock into her mouth. Cumbag stared down
the stalk for a second as the boy slammed his cock in and out of her mouth. She
glanced to the side and raised her hands. She closed her hands around two cocks
and began to stroke them. She moaned when she felt hands feeling every inch of
her body. She spread her legs wide to give the boys more room. Fingers slid into
her cunt. Hands spread her ass cheeks. She wiggled her ass while one finger
after another was roughly shoved in her asshole. Cumbag shook her huge tits as
hands mauled her tits roughly and her nipples were crushed between fingers. She
came as she listened to the boys.

"Fuck that whore's mouth, Billy!"   "Look at that slut suck his cock!"     "What
a SLUT!"

"The slut's ass is tight! Here! You try it!...Just shove your finger in it! See
what I mean?"

"You guys gotta feel these big fucking tits!"
"Stroke my cock, you whore!"

"The whore's cunt is dripping!...Look how wet it is!"
"Suck that cock, slut!"

"I want to fuck the slut's mouth next!"
"Let me feel the bitch's cunt!"
"SLUT!"

The boy fucking her mouth began to fuck her faster as he got close to cumming.

Richard and a couple of the other counselors were there to help the boys out.
The boys continued mauling Cumbag's tight, young body as Richard gave them
instructions.

"There you go boys. Just fuck that slut's mouth like it was a cunt...Don't worry
about choking the bitch. She's just a fucking cunt. That's the way the whore
expects you to do it....Remember...This isn't a woman or a girl like you boys
are used to...This is a walking cock receptacle...That's all...Just think of
this bitch-cunt as a piece of meat...a piece of fuckmeat. If she gags, or
sputters or anything like that, just keep fucking her cocksucking throat...She
expects you to do that....Understand fellows?...Now Robert?...Just grab the
slut's head and fuck her mouth, OK?...and be sure to tell the fucking cunt what
you expect of her...She is a stupid bunch of fuckholes and you have to tell the
dumb cunt plainly...You other boys watch how Robert does it." Richard said.

 Robert looked at Richard and nodded.

"Suck my cock, you fucking whore!...Suck it!...Ummmm...Yeah!...I'm fucking your
mouth like a cunt!...You like that, bitch?...Hmmmm...Of course you do, you
fucking slut. Eat my cock. Suck it WHORE!!!...Play with my balls. You stupid
cocksucker...Open your throat, slut...I want to fuck it...ha, ha,
ha...SLUT!...Gag on it cunt. Fuckin' gag on it. I don't give a shit...You ready
for some cum, whore?...Are you pig?...Does the stupid little cock pig want some
nice cum to chew on?...Get ready cum whore...Get ready to eat my jizz,
bitch...I'm getting close!...Get ready, slut!...Here it comes!. Take it bitch!
Suck my cum!...Take it all you pig-slut-whore!...Ugggg!..." he screamed as he
pulled Cumbag's head all the way down his cock.

His legs shook as his balls emptied into her mouth. Spurt after spurt of hot,
thick, gooey cum splattered the inside of her mouth. Cumbag didn't swallow his
cum. He pulled his cock from her mouth and dribbled the last dregs of his cum
into her right eye. Cumbag opened her mouth so that the other boys could see the
big, hot load of cum filling her mouth. With a noisy gulp she swallowed it. She
licked her lips as she looked from boy to boy as she kept stoking the cocks that
filled her hands.

"That was wonderful!...Damn that cum was good!...I want more!...Who's
next?...Who wants to feed this cunt some more yummy cum!..Hmmff...Come
on!...This slut is so hungry for some more cum...Fuck this cum-guzzling slut's
mouth-cunt...Anybody!...Just do it!...Hurry!...Feed this bitch!" Cumbag said
just as the next cock was shoved in her mouth.

The boy grabbed Cumbag's ears and fucked his cock deep into her mouth. After
about 15 strokes he yanked his cock from her mouth. A thick, gooey strand
connected her mouth to his cock. Cumbag started up at the boy and was about to
beg him to shove it back in when the boy twisted her head a little to the left.

"Hey Mike!...Shove your cock in the fucking whore's mouth!. Let's take turns
fucking the bitch's throat!...Let's see who can dump a load of cum in the slut's
mouth first!...I bet I dump my load before you do!" the boy shouted to his
friend.

"With pleasure, Don!...Open your fucking mouth, cunt!...Suck it, BITCH!!!...Suck
my cock, you cocksucking slut!" Mike shouted as he pushed his cock into her
mouth.

With a snort Cumbag started slurping on his cock as he fucked her mouth. The boy
she was jacking off to her left started to cum.

"I'm coming!...Pull your cock out of the whores mouth!...I want to cum in it!"
he yelled.

Don pulled his cock quickly from her mouth as Mike turned her head to the
squirting cock. They were all too slow. The boy's cock erupted and a thick wad
of cum spewed from his cock hitting Cumbag just below her nose. He was able to
get his cock in her mouth for the next spurt.

"You stupid fucking slut!...I wanted to shoot all of my cum in your mouth!" he
screamed as he crammed his spurting cock in her mouth.

Cumbag swallowed his thick cum down her throat. She nursed and sucked his cock
until his balls were empty. He pulled his cock free of her mouth and punched
Cumbag in mouth. Cumbag's head flew back with the blow. If Mike hadn't had such
a tight hold on her head, she would have been knocked onto her back. She saw
stars for a moment and her lips began to swell.

"You stupid cunt!...You fucking lazy-ass whore!...What the fuck's wrong with
you?...Fucking bitch!...The next time someone says they want to cum in your
fucking mouth, you better move faster than that!...Do you understand me
COCKSUCKER!...Do you?" he screamed as he hit her again.

Cumbag nodded her head and was going to speak, but she didn't have the chance.
Don shoved his cock back in her mouth. Cumbag returned to sucking his cock
again. With her left hand free, she groped around until she found another cock.
When she found one, she curled her hand around it and started to jack him off.
Just then it was Mike's turn at her mouth again. He pulled her head from Don's
cock and fucked his cock into her mouth. Cumbag hollowed her cheeks and went
back to sucking.

"The whore is pretty good cocksucker, huh Don!...I hope this bitch is hungry,
ha, ha, ha...Hey CUNT!!!...Are you hungry for some more cum, slut?...You better
be, bitch...There's a bunch of guys waiting to dump their cumwads in you
cocksucking mouth, slut!...Suck it cunt!...Use your fucking tongue more, you
stupid slut!" Mike yelled.

Mike, one of the counselors, offered advice to the boys that were behind Cumbag
groping her ass and tits.

"If you boys want something to do, see how many fingers you can shove in the
bitches cunt or ass. The slut won't rip very much, so don't worry about it...You
might like the feel of her cunt, or ass...Now don't fight over it boys. If
there's really not any more room in one of her fuckholes, wait your turn. I
expect you boys to be courteous to each other at all times. That is part of
Scouting...You boys that are groping her holes, let some of the other boys have
a shot at the slut too...OK?...But remember!...Make sure that you clean you
hands by either making the whore suck them clean, or wiping your fingers in her
hair...And don't forget her fucking tits...Be sure to smash them as hard as you
can. The cunt will love it." Mike said to the boys.

Cumbag groaned as three boys fucked their fingers in and out of her cunt. Two
more were finger fucking her ass. She squealed as the cock she was jacking off
spurted it's hot cum on her forehead, but she didn't stop sucking Mike's cock as
he fucked her throat. Cumbag had another orgasm as she felt hot cum slid from
her forehead to her face. She shuddered when she felt the boy grab a handful of
her shiny, blonde hair and wipe his cock clean. Just then Mike yanked her mouth
off of his cock. Cumbag kept her mouth open as he turned her head to Don's cock.
Don shoved his cock in and began brutally fucking her mouth again. With her hand
free of the cock that had just cum on her forehead, Cumbag reached around Don.
She felt his ass shake as she slipped her finger into the boy's ass and found
his prostate. It was too much for the boy.

"Oh!...You fucking whore!...I'm cumming!...Mike!...The fucking cocksucker is
making me cum!...Take it bitch!...Suck my cum you cocksucking whore!...Eat it,
bitch!" Don screamed as he came in her sucking mouth.

When he pulled out of her mouth, Cumbag stuck the finger she had in his ass in
her mouth and sucked it noisily. She winked at Mike.

"See what a nasty whore I am...Now it's your turn...Fuck this bitches mouth like
a cunt!...Dump your cum in my fucking mouth!...Ohhh...You boys!...That feels so
good! Twist my fucking nipples hard!...Harder!...Make this cunt feel it!....Oh!
That's so fucking good!...My cunt!...More of you...Stick your fingers in this
slut's cunt!...Oh yeah!...So good....The slut loves it!...Cum!...The whore needs
more cum!...Fuck my cocksucking mouth...PLEASE!...Fuck my mouth and feed this
slut your cum!" she begged as she looked up at Mike.

Cumbag found another cock and began stroking it as Mike fucked his cock into her
mouth again. Cumbag corkscrewed her mouth up and down on his cock. The boys
laughed at the way she snorted through her nose as she slammed her head up and
down his cock. He didn't last long either.

"Take every drop, you cocksucking whore!....Uuugghh...Get it all, bitch!...Suck
my balls dry, you fucking whore!...Yeah...Choke on it, bitch!...Suck my cock
clean! Don't you waste a drop of my cum, you cum-slurping pig!" Mike screamed at
her.

Cumbag swallowed is cum with gulp. As he stepped back, she felt the two cocks
she was jacking off begin to twitch. She glanced at the two boys and smiled as
she aimed their cocks at her smiling face. Both cocks started shooting hot cum
at the same time. Her left eye was glued shut instantly. Cumbag peeked through
the strands of cum as the other cock splattered her cheek. Botch cocks sent
smaller squirts of cum onto her face.

"My face!...Splatter my fucking face with your hot cum!...Cover this whore's
face with your jizz! I love my fucking face covered in cum!...Do it!...Splatter
the slut!...The slut loves it!...Give it all to me!...The slut wants all of your
sweet cum!...Cum on my fucking face!...Cover my fucking face in
cum!...Ummm...Thank you!...Thank you so much for dumping your cum in my fucking
face...Come here. Let the slut clean your cocks for you...Please!" Cumbag said
as she pulled the two boys closer. She slurped loudly on the two cocks as she
went from one to the other, slurping every drop from their dripping cocks.

"Some of you fellows grab her tits...Really smash and twist them. Cunt's like
their tits hurt, boys." Richard advised.

When the two boys pulled their cocks from her hands, Cumbag giggled as she used
her fingers to push cum into her mouth. Every time she scooped a wad of cum into
her mouth she made a loud smacking sound. Cumbag looked down at her giant tits
as they were being mauled by 5 or 6 hands. She moaned as each nipple was being
crushed and pinched by some boy. Other boys were mashing and squeezing her tits
as hard as they could. Cumbag loved it. Cumbag ground her hips onto the fingers
that were sliding in and out of her cunt and ass as she smiled at the boys
working her huge tits over.

"Ummmm...You boys do like my big tits I see!...Ooohhh...YEAH!...Squeeze
them!...Try to milk these big cow-tits...Pinch this whore's fucking nipples
hard!...Try to pull them off!...I love it! Mash these slut-bags as hard as you
can!...All of you!...Hurt my fucking tits!...Hurt them all you want!...So
good!...Bruise them for me!...I love to have my slut-tits whipped, boys. So if
any of you fellows want to whip them, just pull your belts off and whack my
fucking tits!...Twist my fucking nipples! Oh! I like that!...This is
great!...You boys keep hurting them for me...It makes this slut so hot when you
do!" Cumbag giggled.

"Everybody stand around the slut!...I have an idea!...And you slut. Put your
hands behind your fucking back!" a boy said.

Cumbag whimpered when all of the fingers were pulled from her cunt and ass. She
moaned with disappointment as the boys quit hurting her tits. Cumbag looked
around her. There were 11 boys in a tight circle around her head. She looked up
and saw other boys peeking over their shoulders to watch. Her mouth began to
water again as she looked back at all of the cocks that were mouth level. She
leaned forward with her hands behind her back. She looked up with a sexy smile
as she slipped her tongue from her lips and slowly licked the head of the boy's
cock that had spoke. She saw a glistening drop of juice in his piss-hole. She
stuck her tongue in it to lap it out for the boy. As she did that, she didn't
notice the boy whisper something to the boy next to him. He in turn, whispered
in the next boy's ear, and so on.

After Cumbag licked the tasty drop from the boys cock, she leaned forward to
suck it. She was surprised when he pulled back. He laughed and slapped her face
as hard as he could.

"You stupid slut!...Who said you could suck our cocks?...You dumb whore! Lick
them, slut. But don't suck them...Understand?" the boy said as he spat in her
face before slapping his cock on her face.

Cumbag nodded as she lapped at his cock. She ran her tongue over the underside
of his cock. She fluttered her tongue and smiled to herself when she saw his
cock twitch. The boy pushed her face from his cock, to the boy next to him.
Cumbag started licking his cock next. Suddenly there were 11 cocks rubbing on
her upturned face and lips. The boys stroked their cocks as they rubbed them all
over her face. They stuck their cocks in her eyes. They would stick cocks in her
mouth. But when she tried to close her lips around them, they would pull them
out. Cumbag lapped at all of the cocks the best she could. She tried to suck
them into her mouth, but they would let her. The boys kept pulling their cocks
just out of reach of her lips. The boys would laugh at her and call her filthy
names as she desperately tried to suck a cock. Any cock. Some of the boys spit
in her face. A few spit in her mouth. Some boys would reach down and maul her
heavy hanging tits. Other boys would crush her nipples in their fingers. When a
boy stuck his foot under her cunt, she hunched on his boot. But Cumbag kept her
tongue flickering over all of the cocks. They were teasing her. They wouldn't
let her have what she wanted so badly. There contempt made her cum as she rubbed
her cunt on the boys boot. She knew they wouldn't let her suck their cocks, but
she had to ask as she licked them.

"Please!...Let me suck your cocks!...Somebody please stick your cock in my
mouth!...You'll like fucking my mouth...Just cram a cock in my top-cunt and fuck
it...All of you can!...I'll suck everybody's cock!...Please!...Let the pig have
them!...Don't tease this fucking whore!...Cocks!...Pretty cocks!....Hmmmm...They
are so pretty...Please...Fuck the slut's mouth...I'm a good cocksucker!...I'll
suck your cocks so good...I promise! Who wants to fuck my mouth like a
cunt?...Go ahead!...Anyone!...Just fuck your sweet cock in my
mouth!...Please!...Don't be so mean to the whore!...Please...Stick some cocks in
my mouth!" she begged.

The boys just laughed at her.

One of the boys yelled that he was cumming. All of the boys pulled back just a
little to give him a clear shot at her face. Cumbag stared up through a forest
of hard little cocks looking for the boy who yelled when she felt his hot cum
splatter against her cheek. She opened her mouth wide as the next spurt of cum
shot between her lips, filling her mouth with the gooey mess. Then a second cock
exploded in her face. This boy giggled as he dumped his cum onto her eyebrows.
He didn't even try for her mouth. He just cackled as his cum dripped over her
eyes onto her face. Then 2 more cocks came at the same time. Both of these boys
filled her mouth with hot cum. Cum slipped over her bottom lip and dangled off
of her chin as the boys filled her mouth to overflowing. Cumbag didn't swallow.
Instead she kept her mouth open as it filled with cum. It was contagious. The
remaining 7 cocks seemed to cum at the same time. Cumbag shook as another orgasm
rocked through her. She kept her mouth and her eyes open as the cocks stripped
her face. She slowly rolled her face from side under spurting cocks as they
coated her beautiful face with their hot jizz. Some cocks came on her nose.
Other boys spurted cum on her cheeks. One boy laughed as he stuck his cock in
her left ear when he came. Cumbag's world became muffled as her ear filled with
cum. But most of all, the boys came in her mouth. After about two minutes it was
over. Most of the boys stood back, but three boys did squeeze their remaining
cum from their cocks onto her upturned face.

Cumbag's mouth was overflowing with cum. The boys laughed when she started to
gargle with their cum. Cumbag tilted her face up so the boy's cum wouldn't run
out of her mouth. As she gargled with cum, huge cum-bubbles formed and popped
between her lips. Little splatters of cum fell down onto her face when the
bubbles exploded. Everyone was calling her filthy names as they laughed and
pointed at the thick bubbles of cum erupting from Cumbag's mouth like white
lava.

"Look at that nasty slut!"

"The slut's mouth is full of cum!...Can you believe it?"

"Show us how nasty you are, you cunt...Blow some more bubbles for us! Ha, ha,
ha"

"You fucking whore!"
"That is one fucked up cunt!"
"You cum sucking SLUT!"

After a few minutes Cumbag winked at the boys. She swallowed the huge mix of cum
in a noisy, obscene gulp. She ran her tongue around her lips as she raised her
hands to her face. As the boys watched in amazement, she scooped all of the hot
cum that she could from her face to her mouth. She sucked each of her fingers in
with loud smacks as she ate every drop of cum that she could find. Cumbag came
as she did her nasty show for the boys. The boys stood back from the cumming
slut as if they were afraid. Cumbag grabbed her tits and squeezed them together
as she smiled up at the boys.

"That was soooo good!...Your cum was wonderful! Did you boys like cumming in my
fucking face?...Am I being a good little fucking slut for you?...Ooohhh...This
whore loved the way you filled her mouth with all of your sweet, hot
cum!...There was SO much of it!...I love being your cumrag!...Am I a good
cumdump for you?...Am I?....I love the ways you boys are treating
me...Please...Keep treating me like the whore-cunt that I am...Do nasty things
to me...Make me do nasty things!....Call me dirty names!...Show me what kind of
pig-slut-whore I am!...Oooohhh...What are you going to do to this stupid cunt
next?...This slut can't wait..." Cumbag said as she pinched her nipples.

Just then a boy pushed through the crowd. Cumbag grinned as he grabbed her by
her hair and drug her across the grass. The fingers that were fucking her cunt
and ass pulled out of her holes with loud, wet 'plops'. Cumbag looked up to see
a garbage can lying on its side. She smiled as she was thrown over it. She
grunted when he forced his cock into her asshole and started pounding away. The
mob of boys formed a circle as they watched the boy ass-fuck Cumbag over the
trash can.

"Take my cock, you fucking whore!...Take it! Fuck me back!...Come on you stupid
fucking slut!...Fuck me back!" the boy fucking her ass yelled.

Richard smiled proudly at the boy.

"Very good Chris!...Did you boys see how he did that?...He just grabbed the slut
and drug her to where he wanted her...The he just shoved his cock up her
ass...That's the way to ass-fuck a pig like her. We don't care if it hurts the
slut...Do we boys? Ha, ha, ha." Richard laughed. He smiled as the boys answered
him.

"Hell no!...We don't care!"
"That's what bitches like her are for!"
"Hurt that slut!"

Cumbag hunched back against the boy brutally fucking her ass and came as she
heard the boys.

"Oh yeah!...That's right boys! Listen to Richard...He'll tell you boys how to
treat this cock-whore!....Hmmmm...Fuck this whore's ass!...Fuck it hard!...Make
it hurt!...Ooohhhh...so good...Fuck me! Fuck the slut!...I love it!...Fucking me
over a trash can!...That's showing me what kind of a gutter whore I am!...Fuck
my ass hard...Am I being a good assfucking slut for you?...Fuck the slut's
ass!...Fuck the slut!...Fuck the whore!...My mouth!...Somebody!...Shove a cock
in it!...My cocksucking mouth is open!...Who wants to fuck the slut's
mouth!...Come on boys...Fuck this slut at both ends!...Choke-fuck this bitch!"
Cumbag whined.

Cumbag rocked back and forth as the trash can rolled with every thrust of his
cock into her ass. She looked up at the boys that were standing in front of her.
The boys were just grinning at her. No one had shoved a cock in her mouth.

"How about you boys?...Have you had a chance to fuck this slut's mouth
yet?...Come on...Just shove your cocks in my mouth...Fuck my mouth as hard as
you can...I love to be throat fucked. Just grab my head and slam-fuck my
cocksucking mouth!...Give the slut some more cum...This cumbag can hold a lot of
cum!...So come on boys!...Don't be shy!...Fuck this slut into the dirt!" she
begged.

She smiled as a boy stepped forward and licked her lips.

"Oh yeah!...Fuck my cocksucking mouth while your friend ass-fucks me!...Cram
your cock in my mouth!...Fuck this whore at both ends!" Cumbag squealed as she
opened her mouth for the boy.

The boy grinned as he dropped his pants and turned around.

"Not now, you fucking whore...Eat my ass, slut!...You said you like to suck
assholes, so prove it!...Show everyone what a filthy cunt you are!...Eat
it!...Eat my ass out good, you fucking pig!" the boy screamed as her stuck his
ass in her face.

Cumbag grabbed his ass and spread the boy's ass cheeks. She inhaled the aroma of
his ass before pressing her face in his ass crack. She lapped at his ass hole
with her tongue a few times before she stiffened her tongue and speared his ass
hole. Her tongue fucked into his ass deeper with every thrust of the boy fucking
her ass. She moaned into the boys ass as she felt his legs tremble. She reached
around and grabbed his small cock and stroked it as she tongue fucked his ass.
She felt his legs start to tremble. Cumbag lapped his ass-crack from his balls
to the top of his ass in a long, wet stroke.

"I'm coming, you fucking whore!...I'm gonna fill your fucking ass up with cum,
you slut!...Here it comes!...Take it, cunt!...Take it!" the boy fucking her ass
screamed.

Cumbag raised her face from the boy's ass.

"Yes!...Fill this whore's ass with your cum!...Do it!...Cum in this slut's
ass!...Fill it up! Fill my fucking ass up with your cum!...Empty your balls in
this cumdump!" she wailed.

Cumbag tightened her ass as much as she could as she fucked the boy back. He
pulled his cock from her ass with a 'PLOP'. As soon as he did, another boy
crammed his cock into her dripping ass and started fucking her too. Cumbag
moaned, leaned forward and licked the boy's ass crack from to bottom. Then she
raised her face again.

"Fuck me!...All of you!...Fuck this whore's ass off!...Fuck me like a slut
should be!...Your cock!...Bring me your cock...Let this slut suck your cock
clean for you!" she whined.

The boy who had just fucked her ass walked to her head. The boy whose ass she
was eating stepped aside to let his friend get to her face. He grunted as he
crammed his cock in her mouth.

"Clean it whore...Get all of your fucking ass slime off of my cock,
bitch!...Clean it good you fucking cunt!" he shouted as he slowly hunched her
mouth.

When he was sure that she had cleaned it, he yanked his cock from her sucking
mouth. The boy giggled as he grabbed her hair, raised her face to his, and spat
a huge wad between her eyes.

"There's your tip, cunt. You fucking whore. You're a pretty good
cock-cleaner...for a gutter-slut! Ha, ha, ha..." he laughed before walking away
from her.

"Thank you, sir!...I hope everyone makes me clean their cocks for them...I'll
clean your cocks soooo good!...Thank you for spitting in my cocksucking face...I
love being spit on. It lets me know what you think of this dumb bitch...Spit in
my fucking face!...Spit on this whore whenever you want to...I love it!" Cumbag
whimpered.

"Get your face back in my ass, you stupid cunt!" the boy whose ass she had been
sucking said as he stuck his ass in her face. Cumbag reached around and grabbed
his cock again as she pulled his ass to her face.

Cumbag went back to slobbering in his ass. The boy fucking her ass slammed her
back and forth, the trash can rolling with every thrust. She could hear boys
calling her filthy names as she slurped and sucked on the boy's ass as noisily
as she could. As she stroked him she felt the boy's cock twitch in her hand. She
drove her tongue in as deep as she could for a final lick in his asshole before
he spun around. Cumbag stared into the boy's eyes as she smiled. The boy fucking
her ass was slamming her harder but she still managed to aim the boy's cock at
her face.

"Do it!...Splatter me! Cum all over my fucking face!...Show this slut what she's
good for!...Use me for your fuck-rag!" Cumbag giggled before opeing her mouth as
wide as she could.

The boy's cum shot from his cock like cannon fire. It was a huge, thick wad that
hit Cumbag in the middle of her nose. Her eyes went wide with the impact. The
boy grabbed her head and forced his cock into her mouth. His second spurt of cum
went straight down her throat. She coughed on his cum. At the same time, the boy
fucking her ass cursed her as he added his cum to her ass. After the boy
finished cumming in her mouth, he pulled his cock free. The boy who had just
fucked her ass shoved his cock into her mouth to be cleaned. As she was slurping
on his cock, she squealed as another boy began to fuck her ass.

The boy who was fucking her ass now also yelled at her.

"Yeah bitch!...I'm gonna make you clean my cock too, you  fucking whore!...And
you better suck it good you fucking PIG!" the ass fucker screamed.

When she finished cleaning the boys cock, he yanked it from her mouth. He
slapped her face and laughed.

"You did a good job of cleaning my cock, you fucking slut!...Not bad for a
stupid cunt like you! Ha, ha, ha." he laughed as he stepped back.

"Thank you sir...I try to be a good slut for you...Am I being a good fucktoy?"
Cumbag said.

Cumbag didn't hear the boy's answer. Her attention was on the new cock that had
just been shoved in her mouth.


This went on for over three hours. Two lines formed. One line of boys waited to
fuck her ass. Another line waited for their chance to fuck her mouth. Cumbag
snorted as she sucked one cock after another. Cum was now running out of her ass
into her cunt. No one had even fucked her cunt yet. But she didn't care. Her
sore ass sent tingles of lust to her clit and nipples. She loved the way the
young boys were treating her. All of them called her filthy names. Every boy
wanted to show his friends that he knew how to treat a slut. Cumbag shook
through one orgasm after another.

Each of the boys in Troop A fucked her at least twice. Some fucked her mouth or
her ass four times. Soon her ass had been fucked raw and her throat was clogged
with cum. Cum dripped from her face in a steady drip. Big dollops of cooling,
silvery cum decorated her hair. Her nose was full of cum. It poured over her
lips in a thick, white wave. Boys spit on her. Others kicked her. She was now
too messy to touch. The world began to spin. Cumbag became dazed. She didn't
know where she was at and didn't really know what she was doing. She did fuck
back to every cock that fucked her ass. She sucked or cleaned every cock that
was shoved in her mouth with enthusiasm.




Chapter Three


When awareness returned to Cumbag she was laying on a small bench. Cumbag
noticed she was tied into a ball. Her arms were free but her legs were spread
wide and her ankles were tied to stakes driven into the ground past her head.
Her cunt and ass were spread wide. Her head hung off of the end of the table
with her ankles by her ears. She looked up into the face of the little boy that
was fucking her cunt. She noticed that he was around 9 or 10 years old. She
tightened her cunt muscles and rotated her hips for the boy.

"Oh yeah...Fuck this slut, you sweet little boy. Fuck me...Do you like my
fucking my cunt?...Does this slut's cunt feel good to you!...Ooohhh...I hope
so...Yeah...That's the way...Fuck this pig like that...When you are ready to
cum, you can cum any where that you want to...You can cum in my cunt...or you
can cum on my face...or you can shove your cock in my mouth and cum
there!...OK?...Do anything you want to me." Cumbag said.

Cumbag looked around at the grinning crowd of boys the encircled her. She smiled
and winked at the boys as they talked with each other. When a boy would call her
a filthy name she would grin and shake her head 'yes'. Other boys shouted
encouragements to the little boy fucking her. One of the older boys leaned over
and whispered in the little boy's ear.

Just then the little boy spit in Cumbag's face and laughed. The he spit in her
face again.

"Tommy says that you are a slut. He says I should spit in your face because you
are just a stupid whore. Is that right?...Did I do it right?...He said the only
thing you are good for is fucking and hurting. He said I have to be nasty to
you...Is that OK?" the little boy asked with a snicker.

Cumbag smiled back at him and started to cum.

"Oh yeah...You did it VERY good!...Tommy's right. I am just a fucking a slut...I
am a stupid whore. You're right too...I love it when you are nasty to me and
spit in my stupid fucking face. Stupid cunts like me should have their fucking
faces spit on...You did good!...Show the other boys how to treat a fucking
shit-whore like me. Spit in my fucking face again!...That's the way to treat a
dumb cunt like me!...You can do anything you want to me...Do you like my
tits?...You can play with them all you want! Or you can hurt them if you want
to...I like to have my tits hurt...You can slap me!...You can punch me too. Do
you want to hit me?...You can!...Go ahead!...Punch this bitch right in the
face!...When you cum, you can cum in my face, or in my mouth or all over
me!...Cum anywhere you want to...Just do what Tommy said...Treat me like a
stupid slut, OK?...I really want you to. I'm just something for you to fuck and
hurt...OK?...I'm just a walking cumdump...And remember to call me nasty names
when you fuck my holes or hurt me...Do you know some?...Here...I'll help you.
You can call me a cunt, a slut, a whore...How about pig?...You can call me a
cocksucking pig-slut of a stupid cocksucking whore-cunt!...I love it when guys
remind me what a fucking slut I am!" Cumbag said as she fucked the little boy.
Cumbag knew the boy was getting close to coming.

Just then another boy grabbed her head. Cumbag looked up to see three boys
stoking their cocks.

"Open your mouth, cunt!...We want to fuck your fucking throat, bitch!" a little
boy snarled at her.

"Oh yes!...Please do!...Use my fucking mouth for a cunt!...Fuck it all you
want!...Who's first?...Shit!...I don't give a fuck as long as all of you fuck
this mouth-cunt of mine. Come on boys. Throat fuck this dumb
cocksucker!...Cram'em in! " Cumbag said as she opened her mouth.

The three boys fucking her mouth took turns. Each would fuck her mouth about
four times then he's let the next boy have a shot at her mouth. Cumbag snorted
as she slobbered and sucked their cocks.

"OK...SLUT!...I...I want to cum...in your...face...WHORE!...Get ready
bitch!...I'm going to cum!....Let me at the whore!...Let me splatter the slut's
fucking face!...Here it is, pig!...Take it bitch!...Take it all, you fucking
cunt!" the little boy fucking her cunt shouted.

He yanked his cock from her cunt, jumped up on her belly and pointed his tiny
cock at her face. The boys fucking her mouth pulled their cocks free and jerked
Cumbag up by her hair. Cumbag leaned as far forward as far as she could when his
little cock started to cum. A small wad of cum leapt from his cock and hit
Cumbag in the eye. The boy shuddered as he stroked his cock. The last of his cum
dripped down onto her big tits.

Cumbag scooped his cum from her eye into her mouth with a loud 'slurp'. The
little boy laughed as other boys slapped him on his back, congratulating him.

"Mmmm...Thank you!...That is SO good!...I love cum so much...(smack)...Who's
next?...Come on boys! Who's going to give this fucking cumpig another hot load
of cum to suck down her cocksucking throat? Hmmm?...Who's gonna feed this slut
some cum!...Don't be shy boys...Fuck this whore!...Hmmmmfff!" Cumbag was cutoff
when the three boys pulled her head back down and resumed fucking her mouth.

Cumbag felt another cock start fucking her cunt. Another boy ran and jumped on
her stomach. Cumbag almost passed out when the air was knocked from her lungs,
but she kept servicing the cocks in her cunt and mouth. The boy who jumped on
her chest mashed Cumbag's tits together and started fucking away.

Cumbag moaned as cocks fucked her from every end. The three boys fucking her
mouth would shove their cocks in her mouth until her nose was pressed into their
balls. She would hollow her lips and suck franticly on their cocks as her tongue
fluttered over their shafts. Then that cock would be pulled from her mouth and
another would take its place.

The little boy fucking her tits came quickly. He screamed as his cock exploded
between the heavy mounds. He pulled his cock from between her huge tits and
aimed his spitting cock down on her completely covering her left nipple with his
cum. He then slapped and punched her tits after he finished dumping his cum on
them.

Cumbag could only moan around the cock buried in her throat but she patted his
leg as a 'Thank You' as he got off of her chest. He responded by kicking her in
the side. Cumbag moaned as the pain from her ribs seemed to shoot through her
nipples. Her hands went to her tits and rubbed the boy's cum into her tits. The
boy fucking her mouth pulled his cock from her mouth. The all three boys at her
head started slapping her face with their cocks.

"Ohhh yeah!...Fuck the slut!....Oh God!...I love to have my fucking tits
splattered with hot, sticky jizz!...Who wants to fuck these slut-bag whore's
tits next?...Just hop up here, smash my tits around your cock and fuck away!
Come on boys!...Fuck this slut into the dirt! Cover this fucking whore with
jizz!...Glluuggg." Cumbag's pleadings were cutoff with cocks.

Richard and the counselors watched with pride as the boys gang raped the slut.

"It looks like you boys have the hang of it now!...We are going to leave you to
your fun. Make us proud, men...Fuck this slut in the dirt!...When I get back I
had better see one fucked out whore...Understand boys?...Good. Now fuck the
slut." Richard said as he and the other men went back to camp.

The boys attacked her in waves. She had no idea how many boys fucked her. For
the next couple of hours she always had a cock in her mouth, cunt or ass. As
soon as one boy emptied his balls in her, there was another waiting to take his
place. Her mind seemed to become unhinged. Nothing seemed real to Cumbag. It was
like a wonderful dream. She faded in and out of consciousness as the boys raped
her over and over.

When Cumbag came to she was standing between two trees. Cum dribbled from her
cunt and ass in a steady, thick stream. Cum dripped from her face onto her tits,
joining the shifting white mass of jizz that coated them. She smiled at the boys
that were tying her. Her arms were stretched straight out from her sides. Her
ankles were tied to the trunks of the two trees. Ropes were tied around her
massive tits, causing them to stand out even more. Cumbag groaned at she was
lifted. The ropes tied around her huge tits were thrown over the limbs of two
trees. The boys were laughing as they pulled her up by them. Everywhere she
looked she saw young boys. Some were naked. Some were pulling on their cocks.
Some were talking to their friends. But all of them looked at her with clear,
unbridled lust. Cumbag began to cum in anticipation.

"Hey look!...The cunt is awake!...It's about fucking time, slut. We were afraid
you'd miss the rope tying demonstration!" a boy screamed at her as the other
boys laughed.

"Oooohh...I'm glad I woke up too. I don't want to miss anything that you sweet
boys do to me...What's next?...Hmmmm? I love the way you boys tied my tits.
Don't they look so sexy sticking out like that...It would be great if some of
you sweet little angels would hurt these big, ole slut-bags...Does anyone want
to punch them?...Want to hit them?...Do anything you want to them. They are
begging for you boys to hurt them!...What do you boys want to do to the bitch
now? I know. How about fucking me some more? Come on boys...Don't be shy. My
fuckholes are empty. Anyone want to fuck the slut?...There's no waiting...Do it
boys!...Shove some more cocks in this bitch! Who is going to stick their cock in
one of my fuck-holes next?...Who wants to be the next boy to dump cum in the
whore?" Cumbag asked the boys.

One of the older boys walked to her with a wicked grin on his face. Cumbag
stared at his cock that was sticking through the fly of his jeans. She loved it
when men, or boys, would leave their clothes on when they fucked her. It made
her feel even nastier when they just pulled their wonderful cocks out of their
pants, fucked her, dumped their hot cum in her and left.  She struggled to pull
her eyes from his bouncing cock as he strutted to her. Cumbag gave him a sexy
wink. He smiled back at her, and then he slapped her face as hard as he could
with a laugh.

"Ha, ha, ha...You fucking gutter whore!...We  are going to have some fun with
you now, bitch!...Look what I have for you, cunt!" he screamed as he waved a
pair of pliers in front of her face.

Through the daze of his slap, Cumbag focused on what the boy was showing her.

"Ooooh...Fuck yeah...Pliers!...That looks like fun! Are you going to use those
on this pig?...Hmmmm...Oh YEAH!...Do it!...Smash them!...Go ahead!...Use them on
my big fucking tits...I want you to...Wouldn't it be fun to crush my fucking
nipples with those pliers?...Hmmmm....Go ahead!...Here!...Grab this one!" Cumbag
said as she twisted her torso, bouncing her left tit into the boy.

The boy looked deep into her eyes as he closed the pliers around her left nipple
and squeezed. Cumbag eyes went dreamy, and then she went limp as she screamed
through an orgasm.

"Oh God!...I'm cumming!....YES!...Twist them!...Twist my fucking nipple with the
pliers!...Ooooh....I'm such a nasty fucking little stupid slut!...Somebody ought
to fuck this bitch-whore's ass off!...Everyone!...Watch the dumb slut cum just
getting her fucking slut tits pinched!...Ooohhh...Watch the bitch
cum!...DAMN!...Look at the slut!...I love the way you are working my slut-bag
tits over...Hmmmm...Do the other one. Pinch that one some too!...Mmmmm...Your
making me cum so goooood...." Cumbag moaned as she pressed her tit into the jaws
of the pliers. Cumbag slipped her tongue from her lips as she closed her eyes
and savored the delicious torture.

The boy laughed in her face when he pulled the pliers from her nipple. Cumbag's
eyes flew open in shock.

"Nooo...Don't stop!...Hurt them!...More! Hurt these cow-tits more!...Please!
Pinch my fucking tits harder!...Make the whore cum
again!...Please!...More!...Hurt the slut some more!" she whimpered as he held
the pliers away from her nipple.

"This will make you forget about those old, rusty pliers, bitch!...He, he,
he...I'm going to make your slut-tits fucking beautiful, you pig-slut!" a boy
screamed at her.

As Cumbag turned to face him, she heard the whistle in the air. Then she felt
the burning stripe explode across her left tit. Cumbag cooed and the boy laughed
as he brought the car antenna across her left tit again.

"How's that, cunt!...I said that you'd forget about those old pliers!...I'm
going to turn those big fucking jug's of yours into one big whelp!...Is that OK
with you, whore?...Well is it, pig?" he asked as he slashed at her tits from
every angle with the antenna.

Cumbag couldn't seem to get her breath as her tits were flailed. The boy with
the pliers had found a new target, her tender asshole. He stuck one end of the
pliers in her ass and closed it on her ass-ring. Cumbag shuddered and moaned
through the onslaught.

"My tits!...Ugggh...My ass!...Hurt me!...Fuck this slut up! Ooohhh...So
good!...Hurt the whore!...Beat the slut's tits!...Rip my fucking asshole
off!...Oh DAMN!...It hurts so good!...Some one...Anyone...Do something else to
me...Make me cum...The whore wants to cum!...Oh please...Make the slut cum!"
Cumbag groaned as she pulled against her ropes.

"Let's see how the bitch likes this!" a boy laughed.

Cumbag's eyes flew open when the boy shoved a fallen tree limb in her cunt. It
was as thick as a baseball bat. He didn't stop shoving until a foot of the limb
was buried deep inside her. The rough bark scraped the delicate walls of her
cunt, causing the lust crazed slut to cum again. The boy didn't fuck her with
it. He just crammed it in and left it there. Cumbag's hips gyrated as her cunt
sucked at the rough intrusion. But the boy did have an idea. He looked at his
buddies and grinned as he pulled out a cigarette lighter. All of the boys
applauded and laughed as he set fire to the end of the stick. Even through her
cum-filled tit and ass agony Cumbag realized it wouldn't be long before her cunt
was hot, red hot. But she didn't care. She was too busy cumming as she thrashed
about on her ropes.

"YES!...Hurt me! Fuck me! Burn me! Whip me!...Ooohh...Do it
all!...Everyone!...hurt this whore!...Oh God!...I'm cumming!...Fuck the
slut!...Hurt the slut!...Oh GOD!...Do everything to me, you wonderful boys!...Do
it ALL!" Cumbag hissed.

"Who else wants a crack at the stupid slut's tits?...Shit!...I'm getting fucking
tired! Ha, ha, ha....You know cunt...I did make your tits look sexy...you stupid
torture-slut!" the boy whipping her tits laughed.

Two boys with a rope stepped up to her tits. Cumbag groaned as they grabbed her
aching tits and smashed them in their hands. The boys just laughed at her and
spit in her face when it looked as if she was going to pass out from the pain.
One of the boys slapped her to keep her awake.

"Wake up, slut...Wake up!...You stay awake bitch, OK?...You don't want to miss
out on the fun, do you whore? Ha, ha, ha..." he chuckled as he started to wrap
one end of the rope around the base of her left tit.

"Ooohhh...No. The slut wants to have lots of fun!...My tits...Ooohh...They hurt
so bad!...Are you going to hurt them some more for me?....Uuggg....So
good....Hurting the slut soooo good!...More!...I can take more!" she whined.

As they tied the ends of the rope around her huge tits, the boy with the pliers
had grown bored with pinching her. He was replaced by three boys who were
stuffing a chain up her ravaged asshole.

"Do you like our chain, slut?...You're gonna like it a lot more in a minute,
cunt...Ain't she guys?" a boy said as he crammed one link after another into her
asshole. Cumbag rolled her hips in a wide circle as the fire stick began to heat
her cunt.

"Hey...Get that stick. We can push the chain deep in her fucking ass with that!"
said a boy.

Cumbag felt her ass stretch and her stomach get woozy as the three boys crammed
the chain deep in her ass with the stick. Cumbag jumped slightly as a tongue of
flame kissed her cunt from the burning stick that was shoved in her cunt.

"Yeah...Stuff my fucking ass, boys...Fill this whore's ass up with that
chain!...Tie my tits harder...Really pull the ropes tight on my fucking
slut-tits!...Rip them off!...I don't care!...Do everything you have ever wanted
to do to a slut!" Cumbag whispered.

The two boys that had tied the loop of rope to her tits admired their work. Each
tit was rapped with about 5 coils of rope at the base of each tit. The rope hung
down to just past her cunt. They boys looked at the rope, then at each other.

"I think it will work...But I guess we do need to get rid of that fucking stick,
though." he said as his friend nodded his agreement.

Cumbag's cunt was starting to juice, and sweat, when she heard the sizzle. The
two boys with the rope were pissing on her cunt, putting the fire out. Cumbag
came as they yanked the stick from her cunt. When she looked up she saw the boys
that had tied her tits waving a little boy over to them.

"Have a seat!" one of the boys said as he lifted the little boy onto the rope.

Cumbag screamed. She screamed not only because they boys were using her tits as
a swing, but also because the boys stuffing her ass with the chain...jerked it
out of her ass.
She had never felt anything like that before. Her ass seemed to grip every link
of the chain as it was pulled out. The little boy swinging on her tits was
kicking at her cunt. Cumbag began to lose her mind. Nothing seemed real to her.
Boys hit her and kicked her. They threw rocks at her. Other boys shoved things
on her cunt and ass. Several boys swung on her tits. And everyone thought it was
hilarious the way the bound whore would shake and tremble when they ripped the
chain from her ass. It seemed everyone wanted to stuff her ass with it and try
to start her like a lawnmower.

Thankfully she passed out. The boys left her hanging there through the night. As
the boys made their plans for tomorrow, Cumbag dreamed of cocks. The boys went
to bed early.
They had a big day tomorrow. Of course Cumbag didn't sleep that well. She was
awakened several times through the night as some boy woke up, came to her, and
fucked her cunt or ass. Cumbag thought it was wonderful.




Chapter Four

Cumbag woke to more laughter...and a row of pissing cocks.

Sometime during the night, as she slept, Cumbag was placed into a trench. The
trees formed a canopy over her, blocking out the sun. In the cool shade, Cumbag
had no problem looking up at all of the cocks that were pissing on her. Boys of
every age were aiming their young cocks down at the piss drinking whore.

"Wake up, bitch!"
"Here's your morning shower, cunt."
"Drink that piss, slut!"


"She's really doing it!...The big-titted slut is really drinking our piss!"

"Damn!...She is fucking gross!"
"Look at that nasty whore!"
"Slurp it down, pig!"

Cumbag shook with lust as she listened to the filthy comments of the sweet
little boys. She was pinching her right nipple as she tried to shove her other
hand into her cunt. Cumbag held her mouth open as her tongue wagged under the
hot streams of piss. She stared up at the boys through her sky-blue eyes. Some
of the boys laughed as they pissed in her eyes. She thought that was cute. She
kept her eyes open for their piss even though the piss burned hey eyes. She
didn't care. In fact, it made the beautiful blonde slut hotter.

She could hear Richard giving the boys instructions.

"Be sure and piss in the bitches mouth....Don't give her a chance to swallow
your piss...Make the cunt guzzle it down...A gutter-slut like Cumbag loves hot
piss. It makes her feel like a true fuckpig....Some of you boys try to piss up
her fucking nose...Maybe that will clean some of the cum you guys filled her up
with last night. He, he, he..." Richard chuckled.

Her hair was quickly soaked by the boys and the ground beneath her head turned
to pissy mud. Some boys pissed on her head. Others pissed in her eyes. Some boys
pissed on her cunt and tits. At least three boys waved their pissing cocks all
along her tight, hard body. But most of the boys pissed in her mouth. Cumbag
looked like a sexy, smiling fountain as piss flowed from her mouth. Hot, yellow
piss washed over her cheeks and her chin and joined the puddle that had formed
under her head.

"Piss on me!...Piss right in my toilet-mouth!...Am I good little piss-whore for
you boys?...Oh god! I love to be pissed on. You boys can piss on me anytime that
you want...Please don't waste your yummy piss behind some old tree. Bring your
piss-filled cocks to this fucking slut!...I'll empty them for you...Anytime.
Anytime at all...Keep pissing!...Keep pissing on your fuck-dog!...Fill this
bitches belly with piss!....Mmmmm." Cumbag chanted between mouthfuls of hot
piss.

It was over too soon for the slut. One of the boys grabbed her hair and dragged
her out of the trench. Boys spit on her and kicked her. When they got to the
river, the boys threw Cumbag into the water.

"Clean yourself up, cunt...Then come to the pavilion." One of the older boys
yelled at her. Cumbag bathed in the water washing away every trace of cum, spit
and piss. Her ass was still sore from the chain fucking the night before. She
couldn't wait to see what the boys had planned for her today. She new it would
be great.

When Cumbag returned to the Boy Scout camp the boys were finishing breakfast.

Cumbag walked along the rows of boys sitting at the tables. Cumbag flirted with
the boys as hands reached out to grab her giant bouncing tits. She would stand
and smile as one boy mauled her tits. After a minute or so, she would move to
the next boy, giving him the chance to grope and feel her hard, sexy body. As
her tits were being groped, boys sitting at the tables behind her would grab her
ass and cunt. Cumbag would stick her firm ass out for them and wiggle it. She
flashed sexy smiles and winks at them over her shoulder as the boys explored
every inch of her. She would squeal in delight when boys would roughly shove
their fingers into her cunt or ass. Cumbag kept turning her head to them so the
boys could shove their dripping fingers into her mouth. Cumbag moaned as she
cleaned every finger that speared her cunt or ass. After about 45 minutes Cumbag
had made it around to all of the boys. When she finally reached the head table
where Richard and the counselors were seated, she flashed Richard a smile.
Richard smiled back as he waved toward Cumbag. She turned and faced the smirking
boys who now were more interested in the sexy slut standing before them than
their breakfast. Cumbag leaned against the head table. She slightly spread her
les. She smiled and the boys as her left hand slipped to her cunt and she slowly
started rubbing it. Her right hand squeezed her bruised right tit. She winked as
she slipped her tongue out, lapping at her nipple. Cumbag smiled broadly as the
boys began to clap. When their applause died down, she spoke.

"So....Do you boys think I'm a good piece of fuckmeat?...Are all of you boys
having fun with the cunt?...Am I being a good little fuck-toy?...Ooohhh...I hope
you boys are having as much fun as I am. I have loved everything that you have
done to me...You boys raped me soooo good!...I can't wait until you all want to
rape me some more!...I can't believe how much cum you boys had for me!...I sure
hope all of your balls are full again. Cumbag loves to be stuffed full of hot,
sticky cum!....Did everyone get a chance to fuck all of my fuck-holes?...If not,
I hope you get to fuck them all that you want to today. If any of you want to
shove your cock into this cum-slut, just throw me down and rape the shit out of
me! Don't be shy. I'm just a fucking cunt and I want you boys to treat me like
the stupid slut I am....Who thinks this slut is a good cocksucker? (a hundred
hands went up) Ha, ha, ha....That's great!...I want to be the best cocksucker
that you boys ever have! I want you guys to think of my mouth as just another
cunt...I was born to be a cumdump...I really was! I loved it when all of you
fucked my mouth and emptied your balls into my cocksucking mouth and on my
slut's face...So...Are you boys ready to fuck this bitch-cunt some
more?...Hmmmmm?...Are you guys ready to fill the cumbag up with cum again?...Or
do you sweet boys have something else in mind for this fucking whore today?
Ooooo...I hope you boys do something really nasty to me!" Cumbag asked with a
grin as she pulled a finger from her cunt and sucked it sexily.

Richard rose and stood beside Cumbag. Cumbag took his hand and placed it on her
left tit as she grabbed his crotch. Cumbag cooed as Richard manhandled her tit
roughly, pinching and twisting it.

Richard looked at the boys and winked.

"Tell us cunt...We all know that you are a fuckpig, but are you a bitch too?"
Richard asked her.

Cumbag looked at him with a puzzled expression.

"Well...Of course I am, sir. You know I'm just a fucking bitch and a cunt and a
slut." She answered him.

"We want you to prove it!" Richard said with a laugh. He waved his hand and two
boys walked onto the stage with a pair of Great Danes.

Cumbag rubbed her cunt as she understood.

Cumbag walked to the stage, wiggling her ass in an exaggerated slutty motion,
bringing whistles and nasty comments from the boys. She flashed them a sexy
smile as she walked to the two giant dogs.

 Cumbag patted their huge heads and winked at the two boys holding the Great
Dane's leashes. Cumbag sat on the stage and pulled at her tits as the dogs
rushed at her. She moaned when one of them lapped at her cunt. Cumbag reached
down and took the collar off of one of the dogs as she spread her legs for the
dog's hot, thick, wet tongue. She placed the collar around her neck and faced
the crowd of boys. The Great Dane, now free, began to jump around. The boy
holding the other dog removed the leash from him also. Cumbag laughed as both
dogs jumped on her and smelled her cunt and ass.

"I think a fucking whore bitch like me should have a collar around her
cocksucking throat...Don't you think so fellows? Ha, ha, ha...Do I look more
like a bitch now?" she asked as the boy holding the leash jerked her to her
knees.

"Walk me around like the bitch in heat that I am!...Oh God!...This pig hopes
they are horny. Show the dog's their fuck-toy! See if they want to fuck their
bitch!... Ooohh...I want to be a good dog-whore!...Make the dog's fuck all of my
fucking cock-holes!...Watch me boys!...Watch me be a bitch. Watch this slut be a
dog-cum catcher!" Cumbag moaned.

All of the boys laughed at her and called her filthy names as she was led around
the stage. Cumbag crawled around on her hands and knees, wiggling her ass while
the boy led her around like a dog at a dog show. The Great Danes followed her,
licking at her cunt. Cumbag's heavy tits gently swayed from side to side. The
boy couldn't resist kicking her tits. Cumbag moaned as her tits crashed into
each other.

"YEAH!!!...Kick this fucking dog-slut's tits!...I am a disgusting piece of shit
whore, aren't I?...Treat me like a fucking cunt should be treated. Do you boys 
want to see me be these dog's bitch?...Ooohh...The slut hopes so!...Watch this
fucking whore!...See what a nasty piece of fuckmeat I am! Hold the dogs for the
dog-slut!...Let the bitch meat her new cocks! Come here boy...Let your bitch
introduce herself!" she said.

The boys held the two dogs side by side as Cumbag crawled up behind them.

She grabbed the dog's hind legs as she smiled at the crowd of grinning boys. In
one swift motion she lowered her head and lapped at his asshole. The dog tried
to jerk away but Cumbag kept her mouth on the dog's ass. The boys held the dogs
firm as Cumbag licked their asses. She would slurp noisily on one dog's asshole
then go to the other's ass. She reached between their legs and slowly jerked
their cocks until they were hard. When both of the huge, red, dripping cocks
were completely out of their furry sheaths, Cumbag pulled their cocks backwards,
toward her mouth.

"Ooohh...YUMMY!...Just look at these nice hard cocks for the bitch...I think
it's time this slut sucked some dog cock!...Don't you boys think so too?...Ha,
ha, ha...Watch me turn this whore's mouth into a nice bitch-cunt for these
doggies!...Hello boy...I'm Cumbag. I'm going to be your fuck-bitch. Would you
like that?...Would you, boy?...I'll be a good bitch for you. I
promise...Here...Let me suck your pretty cock!...Use my cocksucking mouth for a
bitch-cunt! Come on boys!...Feed your fucking little bitch!" Cumbag shouted as
she closed her mouth over the left dog's cock.

The dog tried to push back, shoving his cock deeper into her mouth. Cumbag
twisted her head from side to side as she slurped on the big red cock. The boys
began to yell at her again.

"Eat that dog-cock, you cunt!"     "Fuck that bitch's mouth, boy!"    "You nasty
whore!"

"Do you like that sucking that dog cock, you fucking whore?...Well DO you,
BITCH!?"

"Suck it, dog-slut!"
"Dog-whore!"
"Suck him good, BITCH!"
"SLUT!"

Cumbag pulled her mouth off of the trembling dog's cock with a loud, wet 'PLOP'.

"Mmmmm...So good!...You have such a tasty cock for your fuck-bitch, boy!....You
dripped so much dog juice in my fucking mouth...I love it!...Do you like your
fuck-bitch sucking your cock?...Is my fucking mouth a good bitches cunt for your
cock, boy?...How about you boy?...Do want to feed this dog-cock sucker your cock
now?" she said to the other dog.

Cumbag swallowed his cock in one, swift lung. Boys applauded again as they
laughed at the way she snorted around the thick dog cock. A boy took the other
dog and placed him at Cumbag's ass. She wiggled her ass an enticement as she
sucked on the dog's cock.

"Here boy...Ha, ha, ha...Let me help you. Up!...Up, boy!...Now...Fuck the
bitch!...Fuck your bitch hard boy!" a boy laughed as he placed the Great Dane on
top of Cumbag's ass.

Cumbag jumped when the dog fucked his cock deep into her ass with a single
thrust. The dog curled his front paws around her waist, pulling her tight, as he
started his rapid fuck of her asshole.

"YES!...My ass!...The dog is fucking my ass!...Watch the bitch boys!...Oh
DAMN!...Can you guys see the dog fucking my bitch-ass?...Fuck me!...Harder
boy!...Fuck your bitch!...Mmmmm...Fuck your bitch harder!...Ummmpph..."

Her pleas were cut off when a boy grabbed her head and forced her mouth back
onto the dog cock.

"Suck his cock, you fucking bitch!...We don't give a fuck if you like it or not.
You aren't here to have fun, you stupid cunt!...You are here to get fucked...and
suck cock!...So get your lazy ass back to work, whore...Fuck that dog back and
suck that dog's cock, you goddamned whore...Be a good bitch for our dogs, CUNT!"
the boy screamed as he kicked her tits.

The dog fucking her ass began to cum. His fuck strokes got shorter and faster as
his cock swelled and his balls emptied in her tight ass. Cumbag squealed around
her mouthful of dog cock as she felt her ass fill with hot dog cum. She came
when she felt his cock-knot enter her ass. When she knew his cock was locked in
her ass she had her biggest orgasm of the day. She moaned from one orgasm into
another. Her moaning must have triggered the dog cock she was sucking. Her eyes
went wide and she stared into the asshole of the dog as his cock twitched, then
jumped, dumping his cum into her mouth.

Cumbag coughed as her mouth filled with the thin, salty, pungent dog cum. She
bobbed her head up and down the red cock and let her mouth fill with dog-cum.
The dog that had fucked her ass had finally emptied his balls in the slut. The
boys laughed as he tried to pull his cock from Cumbag's ass.

Cumbag scooted backwards across the stage trying to keep the thick dog cock
buried in her ass. As she went backwards, she pulled the Great Dane that she was
sucking with her. Boys laughed and jeered Cumbag as she struggled to keep the
dog cocks in her. One orgasm after another wrecked her body at the thought of
what she was doing. Being dog fucked at both ends in front of a hundred young
boys made her cum harder than she had in a long time. Cumbag was distracted as
her hard cum shook her body. It was the opportunity the dogs needed. Both dogs
pulled their spent cocks from her fuck holes in loud, wet 'Plops'. As each dog
ran away and started licking their cocks, Cumbag rolled over on to her back as
her orgasm passed. She reached a hand down to her ass, catching the dog cum that
was now running from it. A wonderful thought came to her as she lay there with
her checks bulging with dog cum.

Cumbag took a deep breath, pursed her lips and spit as hard as she good. A
stream of dog cum shot from her lips like a fountain. She rolled her head back
and forth as the hot, sticky dog cum came splattering back down into her face.
The boys loved it.

With her face coated in dog cum, and her hand filling with dog cum from her ass,
she rolled over to her side, looking at the crowd of boys.

"Hmmmm...That was yummy!...Do you boys think I was a good fuck-bitch for the
dogs?...Hmmmm? Was I good dog whore?....Do you boys have some other dogs that
need a slut to fuck?...if you do, bring them to this cunt. I promise...This
whore will be a good fucktoy for your dogs...God I loved that!...Was I a nasty
little whore?...Did watching your dogs fuck this bitch make you boys
horny?...Did it?...Oh God I hope so!...Are you boys going to rape this
pig?...Pretty please?...I'll be a good piece of rape-meat for you...You know I
will. Come on boys...Rape me some more...Please?...This pig-slut needs some
cocks in its fuck holes! Ha, ha, ha....YEAH! Fuck this slut in the dirt!" Cumbag
said with a laugh.

She giggled as she brought her hand, filled with dog cum from her ass to her
face. She tilted her head back and poured the cum into her open mouth.

This brought a round of laughter from the boys.

Richard waked on stage. Cumbag crawled over to him and began to lick his cock
through his pants. Richard just grinned down at the beautiful, cum coated,
blonde slut as she lapped at the crotch of his jeans.

"Mmmmm...Oh Richard...Please...Let the boys rape me some more. Being the dog's
whore-bitch made me so hot!...I have to get fucked!...Mmmmm...Please?...I'm
being a good cunt, aren't I?...Let the boys rape me. They have to be horny after
watching this fucking slut-cunt eat all of that dog cum...Let them fuck my
cock-holes...Please?. How about you Richard?...May this cunt suck your pretty
cock for you?...You haven't dumped any cum in the slut since I got here?...Don't
you want to fuck one of my holes?" Cumbag begged as she caught his cloth covered
cock in her mouth and sucked it.

Richard just laughed at the babbling whore.

"Ha, ha, ha...You fucking whore!...Cumbag, we have something special planned for
you now. Something I know the boys will really get a kick out of.
Robert?...Bring it out." Richard said as he motioned to Robert.

Cumbag and the boys turned to watch Robert wheel something out that was covered
by a sheet.




Chapter Five

"Construction is one of the things we teach the Scouts. Robert's troop has
devised a little toy for you cunt...Something we think that you will enjoy.
Well, frankly...We don't give a shit if you like it or not, cunt...but I'm sure
that we will! Ha, ha, ha..." Richard said with a laugh.

Cumbag turned her face to the boys and joined in with the laughter. Richard
waved his hand at Robert. With this signal, Robert pulled the sheet from the
apparatus. Everyone started at it.

It was a T-shaped table on wheels that was about 24 inches tall. At one end were
boards that stuck straight out, with cuffs mounted on it. These were for her
legs. At the other end of the table was yoke that would hold her head straight
out. Sort of like a medieval stock. There were large holes cut into the bottom
of the table for her huge tits to stick through. Cumbag shuddered as a small,
hard orgasm hit her.

"I present Troop A's 'Rape Table'!" Richard said proudly.

Cumbag clapped her hands and jumped up and down excitedly.

"Oh goody!...Let's try it out!...Put me on the Rape Table and you boys come and
rape me!...OK?...Let's try it now!...This slut is ready!...Are you boys ready to
rape the whore some more?...Come on boys!...Rape this cunt!...Put me on it
now...Please?...I want to raped hard like the fuckpig I am!" Cumbag squealed.

Cumbag smiled and winked at the hooting boys as Richard led her to the
apparatus. Richard pushed her onto the table with a shove. She landed on her
belly with a 'THUD'.

"Tee, hee, hee...This is so fucking cool!...Come on boys!...Strap me down and
rape the shit out of me! Ha, ha, ha...I want you to hurt me while you rape
me!..I love it....Hurry up!...Rape me! Ha, ha, ha..."Cumbag giggled.

It seemed like a hundred hands grabbed her firm body. Every inch of her flesh
was groped, pinched and squeezed as the boys positioned her on the table. Cumbag
just moaned and wagged her ass for them. She was still laughing as a boy jerked
Cumbag's head off the table by her hair. Cumbag licked her lips as she looked up
at him.

"Oh yeah...Please rape me...Please?...Hurt me and rape me...Pretend I'm some
stupid little girl that did you wrong...Go ahead...Make this bitch pay!"

"I intend to, you stupid cunt!...So...You want to get roughed up, do you
whore!...This is for you cunt!" the boy yelled.

Cumbag saw stars with his first punch. He laughed as he rabbit punched her face
tree more times. Cumbag's head fell to the table as the stars she was seeing
became brighter. As she felt the straps being placed on her she heard another
boy speak as her head was yanked up again. She tried to focus on the face of the
boy now holding her head but she couldn't. All she could do was give a silly
looking smile as he spoke.

"You are such a pussy, Ted...This is how you punch a slut!...Now watch this!"

Cumbag didn't even feel the punch as her world went black.

First they secured her ankles with the cuffs. Her legs were stretched straight
out from the table. Her cunt hung off of the end of the table about 6 inches.
Cumbag's head was placed in the harness. It held her head firmly off of the
table so that her mouth was perpendicular to the table. Cumbag couldn't move her
head or legs. She found she was able to wiggle her ass only slightly. Cumbag
didn't think it mattered. The height of the table was perfect. Her mouth, cunt
or ass was at the perfect height for the boys to fuck. Richard pulled Cumbag's
huge, firm tits through the holes cut into the table with ease.

Cumbag sputtered as she regained consciousness.

"Wake up you stupid whore...Wake up!...It's raping time! Ha, ha, ha...stupid
cunt!" the boy pissing in her face laughed.

She opened her mouth wide as she recognized the hot, salty liquid splashing down
on her face.

"Ooohh...glug....Rape me!...Piss on me!...Hit me some more...glug...Rape this
fucking piss-drinking slut!" Cumbag moaned.

The boy shoved his cock in her mouth and pissed down her throat. Cumbag gently
munched his pissing cock as a small orgasm hit her. Cumbag shivered when she
felt some kind of lotion being poured into her cunt and ass. She could hear the
boys gathering around her as Richard began to speak.

"This morning we are going to cover something that many of you may not have
heard of. You all know cunts like Cumbag are for you to shove you cocks
into...Last night, some of you learned how much fun it is to hurt a fuckpig like
this whore here....Now, we are going to show you something new. Have any of you
heard of 'Fist-fucking'?" Richard asked.

One of the older boys raised his hand. Richard motioned for him to come to the
front of the crowd of boys.

"That's very good, William. Please explain fist-fucking to the rest of the
boys." Richard said.

"Uh...Well...Uh. Fist-fucking is when you shove your hand in some stupid whore's
cunt. Then you fuck your hand back and forth like it's a cock...It feels pretty
cool, and the slut usually loves it....That is about all I know." William said
nervously.

Richard smiled as he slapped him on the shoulder.

"That's it!...Would you like to try it first, William?...Why don't you show the
other boys how to do it?...Just cram your hand in the slut's cunt and fist-fuck
it!" Richard said with a wink.

Cumbag's cunt was juicing and on the verge of cumming at the discussion about
her. She waited in anticipation for the boy to shove his little arm in her cunt.

"Yeah!...Come on, stud. You won't hurt this fucking slut. I love to be
fist-fucked. Just shove it in...Shove you hand in and show the other boys how to
do it. Once you cram your hand in my cunt, then pound it in and out...You won't
believe how much I'll love it!...Come on, William!...Do it!...Fist-fuck this
slut!" Cumbag said enticing him.

With a shrug of his shoulders, the boy punched his hand into Cumbag's cunt.
Cumbag screamed as an orgasm shook through her trembling, bound body.

Boys stood close and watched intently as the boy began to shove his hand in and
out of her cunt faster and faster. As boys applauded him, the boy lost his
shyness.

"Take that, you fucking slut!....How do you like that, you pig!...Am I
fist-fucking you good enough, you fucking whore?...Am I, cunt?...Answer me,
bitch!...Does the pig like me fist-fucking it?" William shouted.

"Ohhhh...YES!...So good!....You're fist-fucking this slut SO GOOD!...I love
it!...Harder!....Fist-fuck this whore harder!....Really slam you fucking fist in
and out of this slut's cunt!...Pound this fuckpig's cunt!...Fist-fuck the slut
HARD!" Cumbag wailed as she came again and again.

"Some of you boys see if you can shut that fucking whore's mouth up!" Richard
shouted at the boys. Several of them grinned at each other and walked to
Cumbag's head. The boy fisting her cunt yanked his hand out with a loud 'POP'.
The boys laughed as Cumbag screamed and begged.

"I'm Cumming!...Put it back!...PLEASE!...Put it back!...Fist-fuck the slut some
more!...Fist-fuck this whore some more!...I'm about to cum!....Put it
back!...Hmmmmm...YES!" Cumbag screamed.

"This will stop your fucking screaming, bitch!...Take THIS!" a boy in front of
her yelled as he crammed his cock in her mouth.

Cumbag choked on the boy's cock when he fucked his cock into her mouth. The
laughing boy grabbed her hair and began to fuck her mouth as her mouth watered
and she began to slobber on his cock.

The boy who had yanked his hand from her cunt turned to one of the other boys.

"You try it now...Just make a fist and punch this whore right in her fucking
cunt. Now, punch the bitch hard!...That way your hand will go all the way in her
fucking cunt!" William instructed him.

A young boy about 10 years old looked at him, then balled his hand into a fist
and punched Cumbag's cunt. Cumbag squealed around the cock fucking her mouth and
wiggled her ass as encouragement to the little boy. He laughed and started
fucking his small hand in and out of her cunt.

Cumbag moaned as she came. She sucked and slobbered on the cock in her mouth. It
was too much for the boy. He started hitting the side of her bound head as he
fucked her mouth.

"You fucking whore!...You cocksucking cunt!...You're making me cum, you fucking
slut!....I'm gonna cum, CUNT!....Take it bitch!....Take it this way, you piece
of shit slut!" the boy screamed.

Right when he started to cum, he pulled his cock from her mouth. Cumbag whined
at the loss and to suck his cock back into her mouth. With her head bound, it
was impossible. The cursing boy began to laugh when he stuck the tip of his cock
in Cumbag's right nostril. He cackled when his cock erupted. Cumbag's sinuses
were filled with waves of hot, burning cum. Several boys laughed when she
inhaled his cum like cocaine. When the boy finished cumming in her nose, he
slapped her face hard. Cumbag smiled up at him as he leaned over and spit
between her eyes.

"Ha, ha, ha....Take THAT!...You stupid cunt! Ha, ha, ha..." the boy laughed as
he stepped aside, wiping his dripping cock in her hair.

Cumbag stared blankly at the mob of boys standing in front of her. Cum poured
out of her nose, cascaded off of her chin and dripped to the ground below. A boy
ran, grabbed a bucket, and placed it on the ground to catch the dripping cum.
The little boy fist-fucking her cunt was now cork screwing his arm in and out of
her cunt. It was driving Cumbag to insane ecstasy. Cumbag shook as another hard
orgasm wrecked through her body. The little boy pulled his hand from her cunt.
Boys pointed and laughed at the way Cumbag's cunt gaped open. It twitched like a
mouth looking for something to suck. A boy about 14 years old smirked as he
shoved his hand into her cunt next. Cumbag howled, spraying cum everywhere.

"YES!...Fist fuck the slut!...The slut is cumming!...Watch the whore cum for her
sweet boys!....Oohhhh....so good.....Fist-fuck your little
pig-whore....Fist-fuck the slut and feed her some cocks....Fuck the slut's
mouth!...Somebody!...Anybody!....Please!....Shove your cock in my cocksucking
mouth!....Fuck my top-cunt!...Fill this pig with your cum!...Please!...Don't
stop!...Fuck the slut!...Fuck the slut!" Cumbag begged until another cock was
shoved into her mouth.

This cock was smaller. The boys laughed at the way she slurped the entire cock
into her mouth. Boys spit on her as she hollowed her cheeks, drawing the little
boy closer. The boy followed Cumbag's sucking mouth until her mouth was pressed
into his pubic bone. He gasped when she opened her mouth and sucked his balls
into her mouth along with his cock. Cumbag snorted as she flicked her tongue
over his cock and balls. Cumbag shuddered as the boy fist-fucking her cunt drove
his hand all the way into her cunt. It felt like he was punching her womb. She
loved it. The boy whose cock and balls she was sucking lasted no time at all.
Cumbag's eyes opened wide as his balls emptied into her mouth. The little boy
couldn't say anything as waves of pleasure rocked his little body. When his legs
stopped shaking, he pulled his cock and balls from her mouth. Cumbag didn't
swallow his cum at first. She parted her lips, showing the boys the pool of
silvery cum that filled her mouth. She let some of his cum slip over her lips
and dangle from her chin. Finally the long, thick rope of cum broke off and fell
to the bucket below her chin. Cumbag then swallowed the remaining mouthful of
cum in a noisy gulp. She tried to push back against the boy fist-fucking her
stretched cunt as she spoke.

"Yummy!...That was such a good little drink of cum!....Hmmmmm. The cumbag can
hold more cum, though...Who's next?...Who wants to feed this cock-pig some more
yummy cum?...Hmmmmm?...Who wants to dump a nice hot load of cum in my
cocksucking mouth?...Come on boys!...Someone feed this slut another yummy
cock!...Hmmmmm...So good!....Feed the slut some more cum!" Cumbag begged as she
wagged her tongue at the boys.

She didn't have long to wait. Two of the older Scouts stepped forward. Cumbag
stared at the two cocks bobbing in front of her mouth. She looked from one to
the other. She wondered which cock would be fucked into her mouth first. Just
then, each of the boys pushed his cock into her mouth. Cumbag's mouth stretched
over the two cocks as the boys filled her mouth with their dripping cocks.
Cumbag snorted through her nose as they began fucking her mouth. The two boys
fucking her mouth laughed as she franticly tried to suck both cocks.

"Suck'em slut!...Suck both of our cocks, you sleazy whore!...You cock sucking
pig!" one of the boys shouted at her.

"Yeah, bitch!...Suck our cocks good, whore!...Suck'em good and we'll give you a
double load of hot cum to slurp down your fucking cum eating throat, you fucking
cunt!" the other yelled.

Cumbag fluttered her tongue over the two cocks as they fucked in and out of her
mouth. The boy fist-fucking her cunt pulled his hand free as another boy started
fist-fucking her cunt. Cumbag's cunt was beginning to get sore from all of the
fist-fucking, but she didn't care. She flexed her ass as an invitation for the
next boy. He too, punched her cunt as hard as he could. Cumbag saw stars.

"Here you go boys...Who wants to beat the slut's tits while the holes are being
used?" Richard asked as he held out a couple of wooden paddles.

Two little boys about 8 years old grabbed the paddles and grinned at each other.

"Now you boys whack those fucking slut-bag tits the whore is hanging down as
hard as you can!...Swing back and give them a good hit....We want to hear a nice
loud slap on them! But you boys be careful and don't hit each other. I'd hate
for you boys to hurt your hands, but hit those big tits as hard as you
can!...OK?...Let'em fly boys!" Richard told the two giggling boys.

The boys looked at each other. One pulled way back and slammed his paddle on
Cumbag's right tit. A loud 'CRACK' filled the air as Cumbag jerked. Her tit
bounced off of the bottom of the table like a punching bag. When it stopped
bouncing, the other laughing boy pulled his paddle back and whacked her left
tit. The boys all laughed when that tit also bounced back and forth like a
punching bag. Then they started over.

Cumbag groaned into the two cocks she was sucked. The vibrations of her moan
triggered the boy's cocks. Just when the groaning Cumbag felt the two cocks
swell and twitch, the boys pulled their cocks from her mouth. Cumbag's face was
white with the pain of her tits being beaten. Her eyes were half closed and
drool dripped from the corner of her slack lips. The two boys smirked as they
stroked their cocks. Cum erupted from their cocks at the same time. Cumbag was
staring blankly as they emptied their cum into her eyes. Cumbag didn't even
flinch. She didn't even try to close her eyes. Her eyes filled with cum as her
eyelashes webbed together with sticky cum. Cumbag shuddered through a painful
orgasm as her eyes burned from the fresh hot cum. The boy fisting her now loose
cunt was determined to punch into her womb as the two boys paddling her tits
tried to out-swing each other.

Boys laughed at her and leaned over and spat in her face. The boys that were
paddling her tits grew tired. They handed their paddles to a couple of older
boys. They had a different approach. Instead of hitting her tits from the side
and making them swing, they hit her hanging tits from below. The paddles would
smack against her nipples as her tits were smashed upward into her chest. A boy
with a long, thin cock was slowly running his cock head around her slack lips.
The fresh beating of her tits began to bring Cumbag back to reality. She started
to scream again. But when she felt the salty smoothness of the cock against her
lips, she tried to suck it into her mouth. The boy wouldn't let her.

Cumbag started up at the boy. He just smiled down at her. He chuckled every time
her cum-webbed eyes clinched with each blow to her sore tits.

"Tongue, bitch....I just want you to use you fucking tongue. Show us how good of
a cock lapper you are, cunt!...Lick it, whore. Lick my cock. Let's see if you
can get my cum from my balls by licking my cock...Get to it bitch!...We don't
have all day. There are lots of boys here waiting to fuck your mouth, slut. So
DO it!" the boy rubbing his cock on her lips said with a laugh.

Cumbag slid her hot, wet tongue out. She coaxed her tongue up and down his thin
shaft. Every time her tits were hit, the table would shake. Cumbag desperately
tried to follow his delicious cock with her tongue. A small drop of cock juice
appeared at the tip of his cock. He laughed when Cumbag stuck her tongue out as
far as she could reach. He stuck the tip of his cock to the tip of her tongue.
Cumbag slowly pulled her tongue into her mouth. The thin strand of cock juice
stretched as it followed her tongue. When it snapped, it fell onto her tongue.
Cumbag moaned at the savory taste. He laughed when she extended her tongue for
more. Instead, he lunged forward without warning. Cumbag's cheeks puffed out at
the sudden intrusion of cock. Instead of letting her suck his cock, he fucked
her mouth. Cumbag gagged when the long thin cock pierced her throat. She didn't
care. She just tightened her lips on his shaft, hollowed her cheeks and lapped
at his cock as he throat fucked her.

The boy fist-fucking her cunt had an idea. Cumbag moaned when he pulled his hand
from her cunt. She slowly flexed her hips, waiting for the next boy to cram his
hand in her cunt.

"Let's see how you like this, bitch!...Ha, ha, ha..." the boy laughed.

He formed his hand into a fist and shoved it into her ass. Cumbag screamed
around the cock in her mouth. Her scream caused the boy to start cumming in her
throat. The boy leaned forward, empting his balls deep into her throat. The boys
that were hitting her tits had stopped. Now they were plucking at her nipples.

As her throat filled with cum, the laughing boy fist-fucking her ass screamed at
her.

"Yeah!...I knew you'd like getting your fucking ass reamed out, bitch!...Look at
the whore!...The bitch is going crazy!" he yelled.

The boy was now twisting his fist in and out of her ass as Cumbag spasmed below
him.

The boy fucking her throat pulled his cock from her mouth. Cumbag swallowed the
last of his cum in a loud slurping sound as the biggest orgasm of the day shot
through her wrecked body.

"Fuck me!...Fuck the slut!...Oh God....Do it all!....Fist-fuck this whore's
ass!...Choke this slut on your beautiful cocks!...Fill the pig with your
delicious hot cum!...Do it all!...my tits!...Hurt these fucking slut-tits
mote!...Pull them!...Twist them!...Hit them!....Ooohhhh....watch the slut
cum!...See your whore cumming for you sweet boys!...Oh YES!....Fuck this pig
into the dirt!...Hurt the slut! Fuck the slut!....Hmmmmm....COCKS!....Give the
slut some more cocks!...Fist my fucking cunt too! Fist-fuck my ass and cunt
together!...Tear this whore up!...Drown the fuckpig!...Down me in hot
cum!...Rape me!...Please! Rape the slut some more. Don't
stop!...Everyone!...Shove a cock in this slut and rape her!....More!...Do more
to the cunt!....Aaahhhh...." Cumbag wailed.

Everything blurred. For the next 5 hours boy after boy fucked the bound slut's
mouth. Her cunt and ass was fist-fucked over and over. Cumbag thought she would
cum forever. Finally Cumbag passed out from the abuse. That didn't stop the boys
though. They continued their onslaught. Eventually, they grew tired of fisted
the slut. The boys untied Cumbag from the table and dropped her on the ground.
Cumbag looked up at the circle of boys. Her cunt and ass ached, her tits
throbbed with pain. Her bruised lips dribbled cum, but no one was fucking her.
Cumbag grabbed her tits and held her head up.

"More....Do more to the slut!....Fuck me!....Kick me!....More
cum...Please!...Give the slut more cum!...Oh. Ahhhh....Please!....Hurt the bitch
some more!...I need it!...Please...Fuck the slut!..." Cumbag begged.

One of the boys laughed as he grabbed her hair. Cumbag moaned as he pulled her
over to the bucket of cum. The last thing Cumbag remembered was her head was
being dunked into the bucket of cum they boys had collected. The boys laughed as
he dipped her head over and over into the bucket of cum. He held Cumbag's face
to the bottom of the bucket. She tried to drink the bucket dry but she couldn't.
Bubbles of air bubbled to the top of the cum filled bucket as darkness overtook
her. Just before she passed out, Cumbag thought how great it would be to die
this way, drowning in a bucket of cum as a hundred boys laughed at her. Cumbag
came hard, then passed out.




Chapter Six

When Cumbag awoke it was night. She was leaning against a tree and everyone was
shouting at her.

"Wake up you stupid whore!"    "CUNT!"     "How long is the dumb cunt going to
sleep"

"Hey BITCH!"
"Hey fuck-pig!...Get up!"
"Wake up SLUT!"

Finally Cumbag held her head up and smiled at the boys. She flinched as she felt
the sharp rocks hit her stomach, legs and tits. But she didn't mind. She had
been rude falling asleep for the boys.

"Ooooh...Hi boys....Is it time to fuck the slut some more? I'm sorry. I didn't
mean to fall asleep on my sweet boys while you all were raping me. You guys were
raping me so good I couldn't help it!...Was I good rape toy?...Was it fun to
rape this cock-slut?....Ummmm...I hope I was. Are you boys going to rape me some
more?...Oh God!...You boys really stretched out this slut's cunt and ass!...Tee,
hee, hee...What did you boys do?...Did you try to see how many fists this slut
can take in her bottom fuck-holes? Ha, ha, ha...Well it sure feels like it!...My
ass feels like you could put a football in it! Ha, ha, ha...Say!...Do you boys
want to see if you can do that?...Shove a football in the slut's ass?...Why
don't you?...Does anyone have a football?...No?...Oh. That's too bad. I would
have liked for you boys to shove one in my fucking ass.... (Burp)...I can tell
you all filled this slut up with cum!...That's great! Every time I burp I get a
mouthful of cum...Did everyone get to fuck my mouth?...This whore can still hold
some cum if you want to fuck my top-cunt some more....It's going to be a little
while before my bottom fuck-holes are a good fuck, I'm afraid....But you can
shove things in them if you want!...So!...What do you sweet boys want to do to
your slut next?....Hmmmm?" Cumbag asked as she shook her tits for the crowd of
boys.


Richard walked over to Cumbag and slapped her face. Cumbag smiled at him and he
grabbed her nipples in his strong hands and twisted her nipples brutally. Cumbag
moaned in pain and pleasure and closed her eyes as another orgasm hit her.

"Since your fucking cunt and ass are too stretched out to be a decent fuck right
now, we have other things we want to do to you cunt!... Some of the boys want to
see what kind of a maid you are. You don't mind do ya cunt?...Of course the boys
will probably want to fuck your mouth some too. Ha, ha, ha..." Richard snarled
at her.

Cumbag opened her eyes and grinned.

"No sir...This whore likes everything!...If the boys want to hurt me...I don't
mind. That's what cunts like me are for!...I know I deserve it. That's what I
get for letting my fuck-holes get so wore out. A good cunt would be able to
tighten them back up no matter how much she was fist-fucked...What are you
lovely boys going to do to me now?" Cumbag asked.

"It's show time, cunt. I want you to show my boys just how nasty a fuckpig like
you can be. You don't mind, do you cumslut?" Richard asked with a snicker.

"Oh no sir!...I'd be glad to show them how nasty I am." Cumbag answered. She
flashed Richard a lascivious grin and continued. "What did you have in mind?

"Ha, ha, ha...It's a surprise, cunt!...Mike!...Would you like to lead this
fucking slut to her next duty?" Richard said as he slipped a black hood over
Cumbag's head.

Cumbag didn't know where she was being taken. Boys pulled at her tits and groped
her ass while Mike led her. She wanted to get to where they were taking her
badly, for two reasons. One, she couldn't wait to see what nasty thing the boys
were going to make her do next. Second, Mike was leading her by grabbing her
cunt lips with a pair of pliers and pulling. As much as she loved it, the pain
was becoming unbearable. Finally she was there. Her eyes blinked as they
adjusted to the bright light from having her head covered. Slowly, everything
came into focus. She was in a restroom. Along one wall was a trough urinal that
was about 8 feet long. Along the other wall was a row of showers. Across the
back wall was a line of toilets without stall. Cumbag's feet stuck to the slimy,
filthy floor as she was pulled toward the trough urinal as the room filled with
snickering boys. Mike released his grip on her cunt with the pliers as he threw
her on the floor in front of the urinal.

"OK cunt...Get your lazy ass to work. This restroom hasn't been cleaned all
summer...We think a sleazy fucking whore like you would feel honored to clean it
for us...Isn't that right, bitch?" Mike said with a snarl.

Cumbag looked up at Mike and then glanced over her shoulders to the crowd of
smiling boys that encircled her. She smiled up at Mike.

"Oh yes...I'd love to do anything you sweet boys want me to. You know what a
nasty cunt I am. I'll clean this room real good for you boys. You nice boys
shouldn't have to clean this place when you have a stupid little fuckpig like me
who can do it for you....Here...I'll show you!" Cumbag chuckled.

With that, she rose up and started licking the top of the urinal. The trough was
crusty with dried piss stains and other stains that she didn't recognize. As she
licked the filthy urinal she tilted her head to watch the boy's reactions. Her
cunt juiced at their comments.

"Look at that nasty slut!...Clean up that old piss, you fucking whore!"    "What
a whore!"

"That's where you belong, you fucking dog-slut!"
"Ha, ha, ha..."
"Lick it bitch!"

One of the older boys walked up behind Cumbag as she was licking the dried piss
from the urinal. He giggled as he shoved a life sized fist dildo in her cunt.
Cumbag lunged forward with the unexpected intrusion, bouncing her head off of
the wall.

"Richard didn't want your fucking slut-cunt to get lonesome while you're
cleaning for us, pig! Wasn't that nice of him to give us this for you,
cunt?...Ha, ha, ha...I wonder...Did I shove that in your fucking cunt far
enough?...Hmmmm...I know. This will make sure that it's in far enough for you
bitch! Ha, ha, ha..." the boy laughed as he kicked the dildo in her cunt.

Cumbag squealed thru a hard cum. As she came she fastened her mouth around a
green-yellow hard, crusty stain and slurped it in her mouth. As her orgasm
subsided she rolled her head to look back at the boy.

"God!...That was good!....Oooh thank you!...The slut loves to have her cunt
filled...Kick it again!...make sure it's in this whore's cunt...Kick it
in!...kick it all of the way in this bitches cunt!...Mmmmm...Go ahead!...See how
fart you can kick that damn thing up my fucking cunt...Oooohhh...kick it HARD!"
Cumbag whined.

Cumbag wiggled her ass in anticipation and went back to licking the filthy
urinal.

A little blonde boy about nine years old walked up to Cumbag as she licked the
urinal. She looked up into his sweet smiling face and winked at him as he pulled
his small cock through the fly in his pants.

"Here! Ha, ha, ha...Let me help you...cocksucker! Ha, ha, ha..." he laughed.

Cumbag didn't flinch when his piss hit her left cheek. Cumbag turned her head so
that she could catch the hot, salty stream in her mouth. She didn't swallow his
piss. Instead she just let it run back out of her mouth, coating the urinal.

"Ha, ha, ha...This is fun!...Catch my piss whore!...That's the way, you nasty
old whore...Ha, ha, ha" he giggled as he moved his pissing cock all over her
face.

When the laughing boy stopped pissing he started to put his cock back into his
pants but Cumbag stopped him.

"No!...That was so nice of you, pissing on this urinal to loosen the crud for
the whore...Thank you!...Please!...Put your cock in my mouth!...Let this slut
clean your pretty cock for you!...Its the least I can do for you, you sweet
little boy. Cumbag will suck your cock nice and clean!" she said as she closed
her lips around his cock.

The little boy grabbed Cumbag's ears as she slurped on his tiny cock.

"Suck my cock slut...Suck it!...Look guys!...Look at the whore suck my cock!" he
shouted to his friends.

Cumbag concentrated on the little cock as he moved her head up and down his
shaft. Cumbag moaned as she let her mouth fill with spit as she lathered he
tongue over the boys cock.

"There you go Billy! Fuck the bitches mouth...Here...I'll help the cunt get your
cock in her cum sucking throat!...Watch this!" an older boy yelled.

Cumbag screamed around the little cock when the older boy kicked the dildo in
her cunt. She heard laughter as he kicked it over and over, driving it deep in
her cunt. The vibration in her throat from her screams caused the little boy to
cum. Cumbag quickly swallowed his little load of tangy cum as the boy kept
kicking the dildo.

"I'm coming!...kick the slut again!...Eat my cum bitch! Eat it all!"

The boy shook as his cock spurted the last of his cum in her throat. Cumbag
whimpered around his cock as she sucked it clean. The little boy pulled his
clean cock from her mouth. Cumbag smiled up at him as he stepped back. She was
about to speak when 6 boys started pissing on her head and face.

Cumbag sputtered as her mouth was quickly filled with hot piss. Cumbag guzzled
piss as fast as she could but she couldn't keep up with the flow from 6 cocks.
Piss poured out of her mouth, soaking her heaving tits. Boys laughed as they
pissed all over her face and body. She tried to watch the pissing cocks but boys
pissed in both of her eyes. Cumbag kept them open for their piss as they called
her filthy names and made fun of her. Her long blonde hair was soaked with hot
piss and dripped piss onto her tits and floor. Her ears filled with piss,
drowning out the laughter of the boys. Cumbag whimpered when the storm of piss
ended. Each boy in turn shoved his cock into her mouth to clean it. Cumbag cooed
as she sucked the last drops of piss from each of the boy's cocks. As she
slobbered on their cocks Cumbag hoped the boys would fuck her mouth and get her
some hot cum to go with their piss. But each boy would pull his cock from her
mouth before it got hard so that she could clean the next one. Before he left,
each boy would kick the huge dildo that was buried in her cunt, sending a small
orgasm shooting through her body. Cumbag stared up at the boys as she ran her
hands over her piss-wet body as she came. Cumbag brought her hands to her mouth
and sucked the piss from her fingers. Then she would run her hands over her body
again to get more piss.

"Oh that is so good!...I love being your piss-whore!...Mmmmm....Thank you boys
for pissing in this whore's face!...Oohhh...I'm such a nasty cunt. Does anyone
else have a load of piss for the slut?...Does anyone want to fuck my mouth?...I
wish I had some nice hot cum to eat. Come on boys...Doesn't someone want to dump
some cum in the whore's mouth?...Don't be shy. Just cram your cock in my mouth
and I'll do all the work...OK?...Anyone?" Cumbag asked as she slurped her
fingers.

Mike grabbed Cumbag's head and pushed her to the floor. He smirked as he stepped
on the back of her head, pushing her face into a puddle of piss in the floor.

"There's some more piss for you, you stupid cunt!...Clean it up bitch!" he
yelled as he rubbed her  face on the filthy floor.

Cumbag moaned as she began to suck up the pool of cooling piss with loud,
obscene slurping sounds. She hunched the dildo buried in her cunt as the boys
laughed and mocked her.

"Suck up that piss, you fucking whore! Ha, ha, ha"
"You  fucking filthy pig of a slut!"


 "Piss drinking cunt!"
"You missed a spot, fuckmeat! Ha, ha, ha..."

"Look at that slut!"
"Fuck your dildo bitch!"
"Rub your hair in that piss, whore!"

Mike laughed with the other boys as he ground her face into the floor.

"We might keep you around just to be our toilet bitch. Ha, ha, ha...I bet you'd
love that, wouldn't you?...You stupid cunt! Ha, ha, ha...Answer me cunt!" Mike
giggled as he yanked Cumbag's face from the floor.

Cumbag stared blankly at the crowd of boys as another orgasm shot through her.
Boys laughed at her when they saw that she was coming. Some of the boys spit in
her face as they ridiculed her. Their abuse turned the beautiful piss-drenched
slut on even more.

While Mike held her head up a boy punched Cumbag in her face. Cumbag saw stars
as he hit her again.

"Answer him you stupid cunt!...Answer him!" the boy hitting her screamed.

"Oh yes!...This whore would love that. You boys could keep me in here and I
could be your toilet!...Anytime you boys would need to piss you could just cram
your cocks in my mouth and piss away...Even if I was asleep!...I don't fucking
care!...Drown this fucking pig in piss!...Hmmmm...Ooohh...I'm cumming again
boys!...Watch the slut cum!...Oohhhh!....Hit me!...Please!...Punch this fucking
piss-slut again!...Ooohhh...YES!...I love it!...Hit me! Fuck me! Piss on
me!...Aaagggg.." Cumbag wailed.

She was still cumming when Mike dragged her into the toilet stall. Cumbag knew
what he was gong to do when he placed her head over the toilet. Cumbag looked
down into the nasty toilet. It was filled with old piss. Shit stains were
everywhere. She could wait for him to shove her head in it. She smiled sweetly
up at him as she pinched her nipples.

"Do it!...Show me a good place for my fucking face!...Make me clean this filthy
thing!...It's all I'm good for. Show everyone how to treat a cunt like me!...Go
ahead!...It'll be fun!...I promise!...You know you want to so do it!...Put this
fucking slut's face where it belongs!...Hurry!...Please...Please shove the
whore's head in that filthy piss  pot!" Cumbag said in a husky voice.

"I think I will, bitch! Ha, ha, ha...Hold your breath cunt!" Mike said as he
dunked her head into the filthy toilet.

Cumbag rubbed her face against the filthy bowl as Mike held her head under the
nasty toilet water. She lapped at the sides of the bowl with her long pink
tongue as he rolled her head around the toilet. Cumbag moaned when someone
kicked the huge dildo that was buried in her cunt, send bubbles of air to the
top of the bowl.

Cumbag gasped for air as Mike held her face to the bottom of the toilet. She
flayed her arms in desperation but Mike did not relent. Cumbag's vision grew
blurry as her lungs filled with the old, rancid toilet water. Cumbag came as the
boys kicked the dildo deep in her cunt. She guzzled mouthfuls of piss as her
head was held to the bottom the nasty toilet. The last thing she heard was the
toilet flushing before she blacked out.

When she came to she was under the trough urinal. The boys had removed the pipe
and she was looking up through the drain hole. Her head was in a large plastic
pan. Her legs and arms were tied to each end of the urinal. Her wide spread legs
made her cunt and ass an easy target for any boy that wanted to fuck her. One of
the boys couldn't resist kicking her cunt. Cumbag came as he buried his shoe in
her.

"I think the cunt is awake!...Ha, ha, ha...Hey bitch!...Are you awsake?...Are
you slut?" someone yelled at her.

"Yes sir...The slut is awake...Ooohhhh...That feels soooooo goooood...Uuhhmmm..I
love it!...Move your foot around in my cunt. Please?...Soooo good....You boys
are so sweet to this whore. You really are....You all know how a bitch like me
needs to be treated!...I hate to ask after you all have been so nice to
me...but...Would you try to kick your foot in my ass?...Would you?...I bet that
would feel great!...Do you want to?...Want to kick this pig in her fucking
asshole?...It will be fun for you...I just know it will...Please?...Kick it
really hard!" she pleaded.

"Ha, ha, ha...Sure cunt...Here it comes!"

The boy's foot pulled out of her cunt with a wet, sloppy sound. Cumbag smiled as
she waited for him to kick his foot in her ass. She didn't have to wait long.

"YES!!!!...Oh God!...That's great!...Oh....FUCK!...AGAIN! Do it
again!....glug...."

Cumbag stopped begging when her face was suddenly flooded with hot, salty piss.
A group of boys were pissing in the urinal. With the drain removed the piss
flowed in Cumbag's face. Cumbag came again as she opened her mouth trying to
catch as much piss as she could. The boys' laughter became muffled as the pan
around her head filled with their piss. The boy yanked his foot from her ass as
the piss flow into her mouth and face stopped.

"MORE!...Give me more! I love it!...Piss on the slut!...Shove your foot in my
fucking ass...More!...Give the cunt more!...Cum!...Hurt this bitch and make me
cum!...Cum...cum...cum...."

A boy knelt beside her and Cumbag stopped begging so that she could her him.
With her ears covered in piss she had to concentrate on what he was saying.

"Ok cunt...Here's the deal. You are going to stay here tonight. You get to be
our piss-sewer...Won't that be fun, slut?...Ha, ha, ha...But we don't want you
drown so put this in your cocksucking mouth, cunt!"

Cumbag opened her mouth as the boy put a small rubber hose in her mouth. The
other end went behind her neck into the piss filled pan.

"If you don't want to drown you are going to have keep the piss sucked down in
your fucking belly slut"

"Ooohhh...This is going to be fun. I'll be the best toilet you boys ever had...I
really will. Don't worry about drowning this whore, I'll keep the pan sucked
dry....Mmmmmm...I do hope some of you want to fuck your nasty little sewer-slut
though. Tee, hee, hee..."

"This will help too...open your fucking mouth again, bitch."

When she did he stuck a large funnel in her mouth.

"Have fun cunt!...Ha, ha, ha....OK fellows...Get back to your tents. This bitch
will be here in case you have to piss tonight...So let's go...Time for bed!" he
ordered the boys.

Cumbag lay on the cold floor with the funnel in her mouth as she heard the boys
leave. She couldn't wait until they came back later to piss on her. She wondered
how she could get them to fuck her after they did.

All night long boys came into the restroom. There was an endless line as boy
after boy pissed in the urinal through the night. Some of the boys fucked her,
but she wished there were more. It seemed most of the boys just wanted to piss
in her face and kick her cunt. Some of the boys would kick her tits and laugh at
the way that made the pan of piss slosh over her face. The night became of blur
of pissing boys. Cumbag's stomach swelled from the piss that she drank through
the funnel. When the pan around her head began to fill, she would suck the piss
through the hose, filling her belly even more. By the time morning came, she
didn't think she could hold any more piss. Then she heard a familiar voice.

"Wake up you fucking slut!...Wake up!...Shit!...You can't just lay around all
fucking day!...god damn you stink!...You smell like a fucking sewer....Some of
you boys get that whore out from there and throw her in the back of the truck."
Steve said.

The End

stevedema@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Steve Dema


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





