BDSM Library - Sissyslave gunnarsub Turned Into A Slut




Sissyslave gunnarsub Turned Into A Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I always wanted to become a slave forced to do things which I never would be prepared to do under normal circumstances. But what started as on-line training and humiliation as sissy by a professional Mistress turned into real slavery by a gay couple with no more way out.
Make this fiction become real:

Sissyslave gunnarsub turned into a slut


At a first glance non-consentual sex means sex without (any) consent. But there
is one form of non-consentual sex prevailing in a MISTRESS-slave relationship
where an agreement is entered with mutual consent, with which the slave seeks
satisfaction by domination and discipline explicitely enforcing actions which
are opposite to his normal behaviour.

My name of the game is this kind of non-consentual sex. The driving factor
behind the urgent wish to being forced to do things which I never would be
prepared to do under normal circumstances is humiliation. Already the thought
that I might be forced to do something most humiliating against my own will,
with no possibility to resist due to chains or other complete dependency at the
mercy of the MISTRESS, turns me on.

My MISTRESS should by nature be cruel, wicked, sadistic, evil, merciless, and by
no means fair. Just to give some examples, She should

keep me permanently naked and locked in heavy chains, menacles, cuffs, and
collar dedicating me fully at Her mercy,

collar me with a steel collar that by no means can be removed,

keep me locked in a steel, inescapable chastitybelt and then make me really
horny but deny me any satisfaction,

force me to obey Her without any restriction and even offer me as a victim to
Her friends and let them have their fun with me,

humiliate me in front of Her friends and in public. There should be no limit for
humiliating me, obedience to even the most humiliating orders be enforced and
orders never taken back,

make it difficult for me to perform to Her satisfacton,

document my humiliation in videos and pic.

If She is not satisfied with my performance, She should punish me cruelly
without limitation by means of whipping or torture. If my MISTRESS so likes,
punishment might be out of proportion. After being whipped and tortured without
mercy I should be forced to perform the order given to Her complete satisfation.
My MISTRESS may also ask Her friends to whip me until I cry for mercy.


But let the story begin
...


It all started when I began to serve Her via e-mail. She is a professional
Mistress for on-line training and humiliation who had read the following message
I posted in a yahoo group:

Slave available for weekend sessions

Hi to all who like to have a "virgin" at their mercy.

First, I am not gay but I am a male slave, 55, living in the Southern part of
Germany who is after utmost humiliation. So far I never have submitted to a male
but I like the idea of being fully at the mercy of a gay couple or a group
during an evening or weekend session with no safeword and no way out.

I get a kick out of being forced into unlimited obedience as their slave, not
knowing what will be ordered next and to whom I will have to serve, too.

In order to ensure that I will not be in the position to escape, I should be
kept nude and locked in chains and menacles with a heavy, massive steel slave
collar around my neck. I should be kept locked until I have executed all orders
for my utmost humiliation to the complete satisfaction of the whole crowd.

In order to provide You with all power to force me to unlimited obedience I
should not be allowed to speak if not asked and any failure should entail a most
severe whipping in such a way that I dare not speak again.

Similarly, if You are not satisfied with my performance, I should be punished,
whipped and tortured cruelly without mercy. Punishment should be no way out of
obedience, thereafter Ishould be forced to perform the order given to complete
satisfation.

Make me lick Your boots in front of Your friends and have that done also in
public. On the basis of safe and sane sex I should be forced to suck the Your
cock and those of all Your friends. Whip until I beg You to fuck me and then
hand me over to Your friends and make me their slut.

In order to increase my humiliation You and Your friends may record the session
and subsequently post the pics in a Yahoo adult group.

By the way, I do not go for money. See my homepage
http://www.geocities.com/gunnarsub/enslaved.html

gunnarsub


Soon I entered into a special agreement with Her and for a small monthly fee She
would give assignments to me as Her sissy slave. As I was especially interested
amonst others also to be forced into obedience against my will, I furnished her
with the password to my homepage where -as you can check- is stored a
comprehensive documentation about me as a slave, how I wish to be to treated,
and last but not least a slavecontract with my full real name address, and
phone. From the pics on the homepage I am clearly identifyable and a lot of the
pics show me in most compromising situations. We agreed that She would change
the password and publish the URL of the slavecontract in a series of yahoo clubs
if I failed to obey Her orders during the initial six months period of our
agreement. I even provided Her with the mail of my boss and we agreed that She
would send mail him advising to go to this URL and to find there some most
intereting information on one of his employees.

Last, but not least I furnished Her with the password to The Slave Register
where I am registered as a slave at www.slaveregister.com/713150 and She changed
the password, meaning that I cannot prevent Her from displaying there, too, my
full name and address without me being in the position to do anything against
it.

With other words, we had agreed She would blackmail me unless I obeyed all Her
assignments. I was now receiving personal e-mails with instructions on what She
expected me to do next. In the beginning I had thought that being instructed by
e-mail She couldn't tell if I really did the assignment or not but that turned
out to be a crucial failure.

I had purchased panties at a local boutique, admitting to the salesclerk that
they were for me, tried on a lipstick at a boutique, worn diapers and wet myself
in public all just because Mistress assigned me to. I had also begun to wear
panties, pantyhose and bras or bodysuits under my clothes to work and other
places, and had been out in public totally dressed many times. The next
assignment went way beyond any of these. I'll just let you read the email...

"Sissy gunnarsub,

I am pleased that you have followed all my instructions thus far. It is time to
take the next step. You are to find a man and have him give you at least one
dollar in exchange for a blowjob.

Additionally, you must get proof of having done this. Have someone take a
picture with him in your mouth, or a picture with his cum on your face. Do not
use a digital camera; either a Polaroid or regular film camera should be used.
(This way if I decide to show your friends or coworkers the pictures you can't
claim they are doctored.) I want at least 10 pictures. If you find a customer
who will take 10 pictures, those will be fine, if he will only take one, then
you must find another customer.

When you have 10 pictures, e-mail me and I will tell you where to mail the
pictures. And you better have them by end of this month. When you have the
pictures, you will begin to use the name 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' in
all conversation and e-mail correspondence.

Your Mistress"


My first thought was to write her back and cancel, after all I was a slave, not
a cock sucking slut. So I asked my Mistress not to insist - but in vain. She
even got angry and told me that there was no way out and that She now would
aggravate my duties. The longer I thought about it the more I realised that, I
couldn't expect to only do things that I enjoy.

Finally, a few days later I decided to go for it. I dressed as sexy as could,
black leather miniskirt, pink blouse, pink tights and 5" high heels and drove to
a gay and lesbian bar a few blocks from my house. As I checked myself in the
mirror, I thought I was very passable and looked like nothing more than a whore
in search of a trick. I got to the bar pretty early (about 7) found a table to
sit at where I could be seen from most of the bar and ordered a glass of wine.
After all, it wouldn't help to hide, I was hoping someone would approach and I
wouldn't be reduced to propositioning strangers and facing the rejection that
can go along with that.

I had been there about 45 minutes when a guy came over and sat opposite me at
the table and asked, "What's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?"
It was such a cliche, I couldn't help but smile as I replied, "Maybe I'm not
really that nice."

"Touche, and maybe you're not really a girl either."

I blushed and introduced myself as 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' and he
asked me what I was here to find. Pulling a trick from one of Mistress' earlier
assignments I just reached in my purse and handed him a printout of the e-mail
She had sent me. The only other things in my purse were a Polaroid camera, my
make up, keys, and some money.

He read the e-mail several times and then smiled, "So have you sucked many
cocks, gunnarsub?"

"No, but there's a first time for everything," I said trying to sound
convinving.

"Yes there is, indeed there is. Do you have a room we can go to?"

I blushed, "I hadn't thought of that, sorry."

"Well, it takes time to learn to be a slut, I suppose, let me say goodbye to my
friends and I'll meet you in the parking lot."

His name was Marcel and he was a good-looking guy with blonde hair and a slight
build about 5'7" tall. If I was going to have to suck a cock for my Mistress at
least I hadn't had to suck off some fat slob, so I was feeling pretty lucky as I
finished my drink and went out to the parking lot to wait for Marcel. He came
out and escorted me to his BMW and drove to his apartment. When we arrived there
I was so desparate and miserable as I knew that there was no more alternative.
Trembling of shame I finally was standing in front of the apartment door.

After we had entered, he told me "Since I am the customer and you are the slut,
you have to do what I tell you, right?"

"Yes, Sir," I replied, getting into character.

He cuffed my hands behind my back. This was the moment when I crossed the
Rubicon. Only a minute later I was on my knees, he opened his zip and a half
erected cock apppeared. He then pulled his cock out of his pants and rested it
on my lower lip. "Beg me to make you a cock sucking slut, gunnarsub."

"Please Sir, please let me suck your cock, let me be your slut."

As I hesitated he grip my hair and forced his cock into my face. "Suck me,
slut." As I still hesitated he slapped me in the face and so I started to lick.

His cock grew and then he forced it into my mouth. Tears in my eyes I started
sucking. It didn't make me hot at all but I finished the job and he cummed
partly into my mouth and on my face. I just was not able to swallow his cum and
spit it on the ground. In this moment I realized that there was another guy in
the room with a video cam in his hands. I wanted to protest but again the first
guy slapped me into the face and told me to keep quiet. I didn't dare say
anything and they pushed me towards the entrance door. There he unlocked the
cuffs and then pushed me out of the door with a kick in the ass. Instead of a
good buy he told me that I would have to regret spitting out his cum and then
the door was closed.

My way back home was like in a dream. Although I immediately cleaned my face
with a tissue I still feel like having the taste of his cum in my mouth. I had
performed a blowjob for somebody I don't know, I did not have the pics requested
and now even fear what these two guys might do with the videos recorded. The
only good thing is that they do not know my name.

In the next chat session I informed my Mistress about the whole story. At first,
She insited to find another customer but then decided that I would have to go
back to this gay couple and get properly trained as a slut.

She ordered me to buy a Logitech Quick Cam and advised me that from now on She
would supervise our on-line sessions with the help of my Logitech cam, thus
controlling to what extent I comply with her orders. I will have to get a tattoo
between my cock and my navel, marking me with 5 cm high bold letters as slave
and to show evidence to Her by videocamera during our next session.

She ordered me, too, to make a proposal to the ntcweb forum "mail pillory" how
to put into action the suggested training to become a slut for gays and to
invite this forum for comments and for a vote in a poll about it. In order to
motivate me for a humiliating proposal my Mistress threatened that I would have
to get another tattoo on my upper arm marking me in bold letters as gay slut if
the poll of the member turns down my proposal as not being sufficient.


My proposal was the following:

I should have to report back to this guy Marcel and ask him and his friend to
train me as their slut during a series of sessions. I accept that I will have to
be naked and kept in chains during my training and that I should be whipped
immediately if they are not satisfied with my performance. My training should be
most humiliating and recorded in pics and videos for the perusal of my Mistress.
I should not only be forced to provide blowjobs to Marcel and his friend, but
have to keep their cum in my mouth as long as they wish and subsequently swallow
it.

They should chain me to the ceiling with my hands cuffed above my head and my
feed spread by a bar. Then they should whip me until I beg them to fuck me and
to lick their boots.

I know that to become a slut means to have to prostitute myself. Therefore I am
prepared to be put at the disposal of other gays under the condition that they
use condoms when I have to service them. They might be furnished with the right
to whip me and punish me without mercy it I do not comply with all their orders.

gunnarsub

This proposal can be seen at
www.ntcweb.com/ib/cgi/ikonboard.cgi?s=d07df6f4f9cc56a8a2536f3ac54e607a;act=ST;f=
55;t=14

Fortunately, the members of that ntcweb forum voted in my favour, so I will not
be marked as a gay slut, but one member suggested not only to train me as a slut
but recommended that I are forced to offer my ass for money, but for not more
than one buck. Another member stated that "Sucking cock, and swallowing cum is
something a sissy does. A sissy will take up the ass if thats what the Domme
wants. A sissy will also be the cleanup girl for a Domme after She's had sex
with her stud..if thats what She wants."

I should say that I don't think that I am a sissy, I never in my life had any
sexual contact so far with another male. The only thing I have dreamt of so far
is to lick the cum out of my Mistress right after she had sex with Her lover.
The kick for me is the humiliation. I think I will not like to be fucked by a
male nor did I like to suck the cock of this guy Marcel. But I will have to do
it as my Mistress reassured me that She will do what I had asked her, namely to
publish the slavecontract with my name on to mail my boss about me if I do not
follow all Her orders.

By the way, if She ordered me to clean out her pussy after She's had sex with
her lover(s) I would have no choice but to obey. I may add that I think I would
not do that if not forced to do so, but I like the idea and it excites me. And I
think I would even wish that order to happen. I just imagine to be naked on my
knees with my hands cuffed behind my back and a leash attached to crocodile
clamps on my nipples with which my Mistress dirigates me to watch closely how
She gets fucked, and immediately thereafter dirigating me to Her pussy for
cleaning it from the cum of Her lover while he pushes my head deep into Her
pussy. I even imagine to have to clean subsequently his cock as well.

Similarly, if She ordered me to get trained in serving as human toilet I would
have no choice but to obey. I imagine that the MISTRESS and all of Her male and
female friends who like this service require me to perform this service in the
particular way that they like best. I should be forced to expertly learn each
technique, so that I may properly serve each female and each male whenever she
or He requires me to do so.
...


My Mistress ordered me now to report on next Friday evening with Marcel and to
stay there until Sunday evening for my initial training. The training itself
ought to be as outlined and my Mistress told me that there will be definitely a
number of sessions to follow.

She furthermore announced that I would get belted with a Latowsi type
chastitybelt for an unspecified period with Marcel as keyholder and that from
today onwards I would have to carry with me at any time a pair of cuffs, a steel
collar and a leash, a butt plug, a lubricant and at least a dozen condoms in a
ladies' handbag.

I was definitely anxious of what was going to happen. As ordered by my Mistress,
on Friday evening I was on the way to report to Marcel. Actually, I did not have
a phone number but only name and address of Marcel. When I arrived at the
apartment building where he was living I kept watching it for more than one hour
as I just did not dare enter. I was so desparate and miserable as I knew that
there was no more alternative.

Trembling of shame I finally was standing in front of the apartment door and
rang the bell. But instead of him or his friend a giant black guy whom I did not
know opened the door and asked me not unfriendly what I wanted. I asked for
Marcel but was told that he was not at home. It was a strange situation and I
did not know what to do.

It was as I had a lump in my throat. So I said that that I was here for a job to
do and that I wanted to talk with Marcel about it. He simply asked me for what
job. For a moment I thought to tell him that I wanted to come back again the
next day, but then it came to my mind that my Mistress had orderd me to report
to Marcel today and I did not want to risk failing to obey Her order.

The black giant asked me to enter and repeated his question for what job. As I
hesitated to answer he went out of the room and I thought he would perhaps phone
Marcel. But insead of that this guy came back with a pile of papers in his right
hand, looked at me and threw the papers on the floor. I blushed, the papers were
pics showing me blowing Marcel.

I wanted to pick up the photos but the black guy took me and cuffed my hands
behond my back. He asked again for what job. So I said that somebody had sent me
to offer myself for training to become a slut for gays. He didn't answer and I
felt like a crab in boiling water.

Then after ages he put a rope around my neck, fixed it to a hook on the wall and
left the room without saying anyathing further. Now I was caught.

After what seemed to be ages the door opened again and Marcel and his friend who
had taken the pics with on blowjob entered. Marcel said " So you want us to
train you as a slut. Do you know what that means for you?".

At low voice I started to explain my situation and that I was ordered to ask him
and his friend to train me as their slut during a series of sessions, naked and
kept in chains and that I should getting whipped immediately if they are not
satisfied with my performance.

Cooly, Marcel stated that he would be prepared to look into my proposal, but
only at his terms. He unfastened me from the wall and unlocked my cuffs. "You
have to make up your mind now! You still have the chance to leave, but then do
it now and never come back. If you like to stay, there will be no way back, we
won't let you out as our slave ever again. There are three simple and basic
rules:

* You will obey to any order and we will ensure that it always will be best
practise

* You are not allowed to talk without being asked

* We will ensure that you will experience a hell of humiliation and pain as a
slut

And be assured that we will mercilessly whip and torture you if we are not
satisfied with your performance or if you fail to comply. Is that understood?
Now leave or strip and become our slave."

I was caught. There was no way out as I could not afford to leave as that would
have meant for sure that my homepage with my full real name, address, and phone
would be disclosed, the slavecontract published, and a mail sent to my boss. So
I started to strip. A couple of minutes later I was cuffed again, but now being
naked.

Marcel's friend opened my ladies'handbag. They laughed when they saw it's
contents. Marcel's friend took the heavy collar, showed it to Marcel and stated
"Have a look, the padlock cannot be accessed by any tool. That means the collar
cannot be removed without the key, but we should use a padlock of our's and
avoid that there is any reserve key left with our slave." Marcel laughed and
said "Our slave will have to show us where he lives and who he is, as on Sunday
we will remove the collar only at his home." His friend smiled and added "Not
only that, we will remove it only if we are furnished with the same rights and
information as his Mistress and his boss will get a mail rightaway unless our
slave shows up for the next session." I started trembling when the collar was
closed around my neck. Things were going into a direction I had not been
expecting and had gone out of my control.

I pleaded not to do that. Marcel slapped me in the face and icely remarked "You
were not asked for your comments. You are not allowed to talk without being
asked. We will show you what it entails to break a basic rule. You will be caned
without mery. They gagged me, fixed my hands to a chain dangling from the
ceiling and locked my legs in a spreader bar. Then Marcel ordered me to expose
my ass to the cane. Although I obeyed I suddenly felt a most painful stinging
whip on my shoulders. The pain was almost unbearable. Marcel told me that this
strike was not going to be counted as it should only support to use more efforts
to expose my ass to the cane. With tears in my eyes I tried to strech out and
expose my ass even more to the cane. The strike on my ass caused pain like hell.
As a result my whole body swang forward. Again the order from Marcel " Expose
your ass to the cane."

I do not know how I survived the next half an hour. This was not the pain I
liked, this was torture I could not stand. They caned me in a way I never had
been experiencing before and I was not in a position to stop them. I swept and
cries but there was no mercy und I began to understand that they would break me
and force me into a level of slavery I never had anitcipated.

When it was over, Marcel told me "Never speak again without being asked, slave."
Then he pointed on his boots. "Lick them clean, slave, and do a good job or the
whipping will continue." I think I never had been licking boots in such a
servile mannor before.

"We are going to make you our sissy slave girl!" From now on, you will only wear
panties under your clothes- no boxers. This will remind you of who is in control
and what you are." "You will be dressed in lingerie only." "You will service us
like a little slave girl whenever we want." "You will do whatever we tell you,
whenever we tell you." You will be sissy slave girl - Is that clear, slave?" As
this was obviously a question directly addressed to me I anwered "Yes, Master
Marcel." Marcel smiled.

Francis, this is the name of Marcel's friend, brought me some water in a bowl
and put it on the floor. I was glad because I was now really thirsty. With my
hands cuffed on the back, I kneeled and tried to put my mouth into the water. In
this very moment he pissed over my head, my hair got wet and part of the pee
dropped into the bowel, the rest on the floor. I knew that there was no
alternative than to empty the bowel what I did. When I wanted to rise again, I
realised that Marcel had recorded everything, so they wanted to expand their
documentation on my slavery. Then Francis ordered me to lick all the drops of
pee from the floor. My aching ass reminded me that it would be better to obey
immediately and I heard them laughing. But it came even worse when Marcel said:
"Your training will never end again. We will keep you as our slave and slut."

Francis then chaind me to the floor in a way that I could lift my head only only
for about one foot. He placed a footstool in the center of the room and put a PC
on it in such a mannor that I was facing the computer screen. Then Francis
started the computer. Images of naked, bound men flashed on the screen for a few
seconds and then changed. Several pictures went by and then I saw one of a man
kneeling, completely nude, and sucking a dick. And then it hit me - the man on
the picture was me! Francis had recorded pictures showing me in most embarassing
situations and ... there was another one... and another... and another...! I
always wanted to become a slave, now I knew had become one, but with no way out.

In this position I was kept for the night.
...
To be continued




Sissy gunnarsub Turned Into A Slut
part 2

The next morning I was told that I had to by train to "Nordbogge". Nordbogge is
the name of the small train station nearest Mario Latowski, the manufacturer of
the high quality steel Latowski chastity belt. The steel collar was left around
my neck, but fortunately I was allowed to wear a sweater, so that the collar was
almost not visible.

Mario Latowski lives in a small, rural village. He had me put on a "sports
dress" which was an outfit that a wrestler might wear. Mario selected a chastity
belt designed to measure the customer and the silicone chamber for my penis. The
fitting took about half an hours time and I was told that an invoice would be
mailed to me and that a bank transfer of the money would be fine. The finished
belt would be sent by mail to Marcel a couple of weeks later.

I took the train back and when I returned to Marcel's apartment in the evening
not only Marcel and Francis were there but also the giant black I had met the
day before and another black guy with the body of a bodybuilder. I was orderd to
strip, got my hands cuffed on the back and then Marcel with the camera in his
hands explained to me that I should animate their two guests. If I managed that
one of them fucked me while blowing the other I would escape from a severe
whipping, otherwise I first would get whipped and subsequently get fucked...

Knowing that speaking would entail a severe whipping anyhow I dropped on my
knees, crawled over to them and started obsequiously licking the boots of the
first guy. But he lifted his foot, and, when I followed with my tongue, pushed
me to the ground. Laying on my back I continued licking his boots. With the
corner of my eye I saw Marcel videoing the scene and I knew that already now
they had more than enough material to blackmail me and that I had no more an
alternative but to serve them indefinitely as their slave.

I really tried hard to make the two guys horny thus providing Francis with most
compromitting film material but in vain. After some 10 minutes Francis decided
that I should get motivated for better performance.

Shortly thereafter I was standing naked, my arms are stretched above my head,
and my hands are cuffed and attached to the ceiling in a room in the basement. I
was stretched to the point where my bare feet were standing on tiptoes on the
cold basement floor, displayed and exposed to the whip. With icy eyes Francis
hold my chin and said "slave, I can assure you that you will learn to to do a
good job as a slut" Then he addressed the two giantic queer blacks and asked the
whether they wanted to lash me. One of the two had already a cane in his hands
and was stroking his horrible instrument of pain as he stood at the place where
the chains were dangling from the ceiling. The huge bulge in his black leather
jock shorts indicated an enormous erection. Now I knew that they would not only
enjoy whipping me but it made them horny.  I knew that the more sexually excited
they became the more they would made me suffer.

After only a few lashes I started crying "N N NO Mercy No NO more. N not again
nn nooo EEEEEIIIIIAAAA  ARRRRRAGAGG aarrrriiiiaaaa. P please, I'll do
everything, please everything you want I'll do everything for ever, but no more
please, no more. I can't stand the pain. Please have mercy, please have mercy on
me please, what do you want. I'll do everything. Pleeeease, fuck me, rape me, do
anything but please, stop the pain."

The cruel lash was brought up again and again on my back and on my ass. I
bellowed like a wild animal and jerked convulsively. I was almost mad with pain,
my naked body was dripping with agony sweat. My screams were hoarse now after
all that screaming for mercy. The black queer again swung the cruel whip down on
my back, ass, and thighs.

Later that night they they locked me into a pillar fixing my head and exposing
my ass. They told me that I would be allowed to plea them to fuck me or they
would continue whipping me. I knew that I had no alternative, so I begged them
to make me their slut. Eventually, they penetrated me simultaneously from both
sides. But for me even worse, Francis had recorded the whole evening with his
camera ...

...
On Sunday morning Marcel released me from my chains, threw my trousers, shoes,
t-shirt as well as the ladies' handbag on me and told me that we would be leaving
for my place. Still collared with the massive steel collar around my neck I knew
that I had no choice that to take me to my home otherwise the steel collar would
stay which I could not afford as I had to go to the office the other day.

When we had arrived and entered my apartment my wrists were cuffed again behind
my back. Now Marcel and Francis knew my address, they demanded me to give them
my telephone and mobile number and got it. Then Francis saw my pc. He switched
it on and the request for my password appeared. I had to disclose it. When they
checked my "own files" they detected not only all the gay and femdom pics I had
downloaded from the net, the yahoo groups in which I am a member, and my
comprehensive homepage, but also all my private and business e-mail addresses,
and last but not least a slave contract which I had found on the net and a
folder with all my personal details and wishes as a slave. They copied
everything and mailed it to their address. I was fully at their hands and at
their mercy.

Reading the Slave Contract Marcel decided to make some changes, have it adapted
and printed twice and then ordered my to sign both copies, immediately comparing
my signature with my signature on other documents. Laughing Marcel explained
that I should not worry on what was stated in the Slave Contract about the
articles on the chastity belt. Although I would not already wear a chastity belt
the wording of the Slave Contract would very soon become reality for me,
nevertheless he would be prepared to accept that I sign the Slave Contract
already now. He took both signed copies and told me that I would need none as he
would let me know the other day where I could read the Slave Contract duely
signed on an URL as a pdf file. Obviously, now they had another piece of
evidence that I had become their slave for ever. The Slave Contract reads as
follows: 


SLAVE CONTRACT

Whereas slave gunnarsub thereafter called "The SLAVE" has agreed to give up
voluntarily all rights, personal and legal, in order to become the property of
The OWNER and whereas Marcel G. thereafter called "The OWNER" has accepted
ownership over The SLAVE, the purpose of this Slave Contract is to codify and
enforce the property rights of the OWNER over the SLAVE. These property rights
are total and absolute, The OWNER shall be entitled to all rights implied by the
term "Ownership" over The SLAVE, and The SLAVE, as property, shall have no
rights whatsoever, either explicitly stated, or by implication.

Now,
Following the initiative and firm wish of The SLAVE, both parties agree as
follows:

The SLAVE agrees to submit completely to The OWNER in all ways. There are no
boundaries of place, time, or situation in which The SLAVE may willfully refuse
to obey any order of The OWNER without risking most severe punishment. The SLAVE
will never be given the option to act on this own desire, but will be trained to
complete obedience by a combination of systematic humiliation and punishment.
The SLAVE will be on duty 24 hours a day, 7 days a week all over the year
without any leasure time for The SLAVE.

By way of return The OWNER undertakes to humiliate, harass, torture and punish
The SLAVE without any mercy up to and even beyond the limits by means of
sadistic and mean orders and permanent obligations, The OWNER agrees to invent
continiously new torments and cruelties which The SLAVE will have to endure, and
to enforce compliance by most severe punishment and torment.

In particular, The OWNER consents to punish The SLAVE mercilessly at least as
severe as announced, and under no circumstances diminish a punishment threatened
in the case of no immediate compliance, lack of performance, or poor
performance. The OWNER, however, has every right to enlarge any punishment in
any way He likes. It is being agreed explicitely that punishment may even be out
of all proportion with regard to the misbehaviour of The SLAVE.

It is up to the sole discretion of The OWNER to decide whether there is a case
of no immediate compliance, lack of performance, or poor performance. In the
opposite, such decision holds true even if not valid at all. Similarly, any
allegation of no immediate compliance or lack of performance made by others are
to be taken as given. The SLAVE does not have the right to argue even the
falsest allegation resulting in a severe punishment.

The OWNER may ask other Mistresses or Masters to execute any punishment imposed
on the slave.

Furthermore, The OWNER consents to ensure that all orders for The SLAVE will be
extremely humiliating, forcing The SLAVE to do things, or do them in a way he
never would be prepared to do under normal circumstances.

The SLAVE will be permanently locked in a steel chastity belt. It is fully at
the discretion of The OWNER to deny any sexual relief to The SLAVE as long as He
likes, The SLAVE does not have any right for it. However, if in rare cases He
considers that, The OWNER will take care that sexual relief for The SLAVE is
combined with extreme pain and utmost humiliation and might even be stopped just
before orgasm, be it while enforced wanking, be it while The SLAVE gets fucked
by The OWNER or one of his friends.

On the other hand, for the pleasure of The OWNER or one of his male or female
friends it is The SLAVE's duty to lick or suck them at any time. Alike, at any
time The OWNER can do The SLAVE or ask one of His male or female friends to rape
him. In any case, there will be severe punishment if The SLAVE's performance is
not absolutely satisfying, even when being raped.

The OWNER will have male and female lovers and He may vest them with the right
to give orders to The SLAVE and punish him according to their caprice.

The OWNER will take as long as necessary to train The SLAVE. Training will be
harsh, and will by no means be fair. Such training will be delivered by The
OWNER or by other Femdoms or Masters. The SLAVE may also be sent to a slave
training camp for a documented most severe treatment regime.

The OWNER will take videos and photos showing The SLAVE in most humiliating
situations. It is up to His sole discretion to publish them in the internet, or
in sex magazines or videos which are available in sex shops. These photographs
or videotapes become the sole property of The OWNER at the time the photographs
or videotapes are taken. While The SLAVE would prefer to keep these photographs
or videotapes private, The SLAVE understands that they are not his property and
The OWNER may do with them whatever He likes.

The slave may see The OWNER only from time to time, and he is never allowed to
contact Him. He will let The SLAVE know when He needs him.

The OWNER may loan The SLAVE at any time to any other person. Further, He may
charge for The SLAVE's slut services in any way He chooses.  Any money or other
negotiable earned in this manner or any other is the sole property of The OWNER.

The terms and conditions of this Slave Contract may be modified and supplemented
at any time at the sole discretion of OWNER in whatever way He likes. The OWNER
will ask friends and also people in the internet for proposals to aggravate the
Slave Contract especially with regard to further humiliation of The SLAVE, and
implement such proposals without skruple.

This Slave Contract will be concluded for an initial period of 5 years and
subsequently will continue for an indefinite period of time up to the rest of
the life of The SLAVE, if not terminated by The OWNER.

The SLAVE has no right to terminate this Slave Contract. In order to avoid that
The SLAVE may consider escaping from his obligations it is agreed upon that The
OWNER will flush down the toilet the only key of The SLAVE 's chastity belt, if
there is any attempt to stay off from the contractual obligations of this Slave
Contract.

One copy of the Slave Contract will be deposited with a notary in a sealed
envelope with the obligation for the notary to open it and -before returning it
at the request of any party- mail it to a distribution list including The
SLAVE's boss and relatives.

It is agreed upon that this will materialize automatically, should The OWNER
decide to terminate the contract, or on request of the The OWNER should The
SLAVE consider escaping from his obligations. Additional copies will remain with
the The OWNER and the witnesses. There will be no copy for The SLAVE, as there
will be no way for The SLAVE to argue against any rule or regulation of this
Slave Contract.


Rules for The SLAVE
   
Without any exception all rules apply to all situations and locations at any
given time, be it when only The OWNER is present, be it in the presence of other
people or in the public.

There will be absolutely no safeword for The SLAVE.

The SLAVE shall speak only when being asked or when The OWNER gives permission.
If being adress by somebody, he will wait whether The OWNER instructs him to
answer with the words "answer, slave".

The SLAVE shall address The OWNER as "MASTER" His male friends as SIR and His
female friends as MISTRESS at all times and any place. In the presence of other
people The SLAVE will address The OWNER at a voice level that it can be clearly
understood in what way The SLAVE has to address The OWNER.

The OWNER shall tattoo, brand, or mark the slave on any body part and in any way
he so desires. Purpose of such tattoo, brand, or mark should be the permanent
humiliation of The Slave.
                      
The Slave will not use the toilet without permission of The OWNER. Privacy
should not be assumed. The OWNER will frequently order The SLAVE to pee on the
floor in front of others and then order him to clean the mass with his tongue.

Indoors The SLAVE will always be completely nude apart form his chastity belt
and his steel collar. If The SLAVE is on duty outdoors The SLAVE will always
wear what The OWNER determines to be the appropriate attire for any given
situation. This may be as little as the chastity belt and slave collar, even in
public. The fact that this may cause The SLAVE embarrassment is of no concern.
The OWNER may command "Strip!", at which point The SLAVE must stop wherever it
is, and immediately strip himself of all clothing on the spot. Whether
completely naked, clothed in a revealing or humiliating outfit, or fully
dressed, The SLAVE will always make every part of his body available to The
OWNER at any time, displaying and exposing the demanded area within easy reach
of The OWNER, and following all spoken commands as to the display and exposure
of its body for any and every purpose.

The SLAVE will never touch its penis, scrotum, anus or nipples without The OWNER
's permission. They are for His enjoyment only, not The SLAVE's.

The SLAVE will always strive to extend his limits to new heights, so that The
OWNER can be increasingly proud of His property.

The Slave shall live by the rule that everything is forbidden which is not
explicitly permitted or authorized.


Affidavit

I, the undersigned slave gunnarsub, certify that I am 55 years old, that I am
not physically or mentally impaired by influence of any drugs, including
alcohol, or other reason where I do not know what I am doing and am legally and
mentally competent to contract in my own name. I am signing this document of my
own free will, without coercion or pressure of any kind. No one has made any
promises, guarantees, warranties, or offered threats or inducements of any kind
to get me to sign this Slave Contract.

I hereby totally submit to The OWNER without limit and without reservation. With
full understanding of the meanings and implications of this Slave Contract, I
specifically desire and request The OWNER to force me to comply if necessary,
using any means at The OWNER 's disposal without any limit. I specifically
request and authorize The OWNER to use force to compel my obedience, and I
specifically request and authorize The OWNER to ignore anything I may say or do
what might in any way be considered a refusal or retraction on my part.

I do want The OWNER to enforce His orders by punishment without limitation, by
making me to do whatever He wants done.  I do want that, as one method of
discipline, I will get whipped, lashed, or caned. I do want the whippings to
hurt and accept that they may leave permanent marks on my body. The OWNER may
punish me either for a lapse in my behavior, for a completely arbitrary reason,
or just for His enjoyment, amusement, or gratification.

I understand that the Sixteenth Amendment prohibits slavery and involuntary
servitude.  Nevertheless, for my own purposes, I desire to become and to be a
slave.  I am signing this Slave Contract in an attempt to effect that status.  I
specifically request the courts, the law and government not to interfere. I
consider any attempt by an outside authority to limit in any way The OWNER 's
rights and prerogatives under this Slave Contract to be an unwarranted
interference with my constitutional right to privacy.  I am of legal age and I
am legally an adult who knows what he is doing.  I specifically want this.  In
the strongest language I request the government not to "protect" me from the
consequences of this decision.

I give up any and all rights of any kind and description. I specifically waive
any and all protection in law or equity, any constitutional rights or
protections, and any other rule or regulation that would in any way prevent The
OWNER from having total control over every aspect of my life.

I desire to be placed in a position where I CANNOT change my mind.  Recognizing
that a government may not allow a totally irrevocable contract, no matter how
much I want one,  I agree to the following clause, which makes it extremely
difficult to break this Contract. 

This Slave Contract is irrevocable except as provided for in this paragraph
only.

Furthermore, I hereby execute an unconditional, unlimited, irrevocable,
assignable Model Release in favor of The OWNER covering all pictures, films,
video, audio, public performance, and recordings of me of any kind, whether true
to life or manipulated in any fashion, and all associated material, including
promotional, either factual or fictional. I waive all rights to inspect the
products before or after use and waive my claims for embarrassment or mental
distress specifically and all other claims of any sort generally. I consent that
such material may be sold with all revenues due to The OWNER, or distributed
free of charges, or put into the internet at public display.

Last, but not least, I accept and even request that The OWNER destroys
immediately the only key of my chastity belt while I am locked in it, should I
ever dare ask The OWNER for his consent to cancel this Slave Contract. This
would clearly leave me forever locked in the chastity belt, with no possibility
at all to remove it ever again.


By my signature below, I acknowledge that I have read, understand, and agree to
abide by the rules of this Slave Contract. Of my own free will, as of                                 

              (date),      ____________________
                                   (slave gunnarsub)



Accepting this Slave Contract and obliging myself that I will under no
circumstances give consent to cancel it, but do everything to enforce execution
by the use of punishment as outlined above.

Furthermore, I oblige myself to destroy immediately the only key of the chastity
belt, if The SLAVE dared to request to have this Contract canceled at any time.
As of

               (date),      _____________________
                                        (Marcel G.)


The parties also want to have a witness who is prepared to testify about the
circumstances under which the Slave Contract was concluded and that the Slave
Contract was entered into voluntarily, consensually, and without coercion or
force.

I, being present during the act of signing this Slave Contract, witness that The
SLAVE has eagerly entered this Contract at his free will and that he has
confirmed to each of us that he has initiated compiling this Slave Contract
himself. I furthermore confirm that the OWNER has not put any pressure on The
SLAVE to this Slave Contract and to renounce all rights as a human being.

            Signature of Witness                                                         
          
             (date),       ______________________
                                          (Francis S.)


When they left Marcel turned back once more and said "From now onwards you will
have your mobile always on and with you. We may give you orders by phone at any
time. If you don't anwer a call you will be punished in a way you will never
forget again. And, by the way, you talked about a series of sessions to train
you as a slut. That is o.k., however,  we just realised that upon signing the
Slave Contract we, too, have to meet our obligations. A series of sessions
should do to train you as a slut, but according to the Slave Contract we are
obliged to keep you as our slave even after you have become a slut." They left
laughing ...

To be continued




Sissy gunnarsub Turned Into A Slut
part 3

A few weeks later. The Latowski belt had arrived. Marcel had locked my wrists to
chains dangling from the ceiling and my ankles widespread to bolts on the
ground. Taking all the pieces of the steel chastity belt from a cupboard, Marcel
explains "There are two locks but one key fits to both of them. And there are
three identical keys that fit. Key number one is with a lawyer. You don't need
to know about that. It's a sort of insurance policy. If things go wrong between
us, he's got enough information about you to ensure you will regret it up to the
end of your life.

"Key number two is with Francis and number three with me. So easy." With a flick
of his wrist, he clicks on a hidden light switch and spotlighted a steel and
chrome masterpiece. "It's a Latowski chastity belt, which I have modified just a
bit. Oh, don't get me wrong, it's a wonderful design, but I want to absolutely
assure permanence to it. Even this chastity belt might be defeated by cutting or
filing, although I doubt that in a Latowski belt this works." "But just to be on
the safe side I have modified the belt to provide an absolute "secure"
protection.

Well, I have added a more permanent accessory to prevent tampering. Embedded
within the front part of the belt is a high tensile steel pin neatly positioned
above the cock. The entire system is balanced under high tension and would be
triggered by cutting or grinding of the belt in any way. Any unauthorised
tampering and...." SNAP! In a fast flash, a razor sharp steel pin perforates the
cock. " There is no way to open the belt without the proper key. I am quite sure
it would be extremely painful if somebody tried. Ingenious isn't it?

I can do nothing but stare in speechless horror at the devilish device.

Marcel skilfully adjusts the belt fitting one piece into another. "You are quite
safe, as long as you don't try to get free, slave." "Finished! Have a last look
at the lock and key, as you will never be able to touch them again." This shocks
me even more that having the belt placed on me.

There would be no release for me for quite some time. Over the next few months,
I will become very attentive to Marcel's and Francis? needs. The devilish pin
within the belt stops all my attempts to get relief. This chastity belt was the
best tool to avoid that I ever again would be able to escape from being their
slave and slut...

...
The next morning Marcel ordered me: 

"Take the phone and dial this number. When somebody answers, just say 'This is
Gunnar, and my ass and my body are entirely at your disposal." I looked sharply
at Marcel and think "I can't say that!" but do not dare speak.

I picked up the phone and dialled. "Hello?" A deep, male voice. I hesitated,
briefly. 'This is Gunnar" I said, my voice slightly tremulous, "and my ass and
my body are entirely at your disposal." For several seconds there was silence.
"If he asks you questions" Marcel murmured "Just answer 'Yes, Sir' or 'No,
Sir'." I nodded.

You're Gunnar, the guy with the chastity belt?" the voice of that man again. I
hesitated, shocked that obviously a lot of people already knew that I was locked
in a chastity belt. "Yes, Sir" I at last responded. "And you know me?" "No, Sir"
I replied. " But you like to offer your body and your ass to people whom you
don't know?" "Not really, Sir." "But you like to get fucked by people whom you
don't know?" I did not know what to answer, so I said again "Not really, Sir."

Marcel suddenly took a riding crop and I got a stinging lash on my back. "You
haven't quite grasped your situation yet, slave, have you? "Either you apologise
for your rudeness, or you subject yourself to fifty strokes with this crop and
ring this number again in an hour's time. Choose. "

Marcel continued "Call him and tell him how sorry you are. Repeat that your ass
and your body are entirely at his disposal."

"Hello?" That deep voice again. "Hello, Sir. This is Gunnar. I've been ordered
to tell you how much I regret my rudeness in not admitting how much like to get
fucked by everybody and, too, by people whom I don't know". I paused. He said
nothing. "I really am most sorry for my grossly impolite behaviour, Sir. Please
forgive me, Sir!"

His answer was like a choc for me. "You will have to learn that a slave never
ever has the right to state that he does not like something, especially not to
get fucked by people whom he don't know. Even worse, you are not only a slave
but a slut. And secondly, you were ordered to call yourself 'Sissy gunnarsub,
cock sucking slut' in all conversation, which you have not done. I insist that
you will get severely punished for that matter of disobedience."

"Marcel, I would like you to lock up this slut spread eagled in a pillory,
unable to move, blindfolded and gagged. Remove his chastity belt and put
crocodile clamps on his nipples, ass and shoulders should be naked and exposed
for whipping. He should be kept in this position for at least 4 hours. Execute
every 30 minutes 25 lashes without mercy on his ass and shoulders. Ignore all
pleas for mercy or release. The lashing should continue even if the slave is
screaming and pleading.

He then should be raped repeatedly, used and abused in any manner you, Francis
and your friends desire or consider necessary.

This procedure and the experience of long-term punishment and humiliation should
soon break in the slave and he should soon obey each and every command instantly
knowing the consequences of disobedience.
...

...
"Today we are going to have a party and the centre of attraction will be you.
Today you will be gangbanged, slave," Marcel told me instead of a welcome at our
next session. Having stripped to my chastity belt he cuffed my left wrist to my
left ankle and my right wrist to my right ankle, forcing me in a bent position
and offering my ass. He locked the steel collar around my neck, and fixed a
leash to it pulling me to the living room. In there were some eight men, Francis
and the two black giants who had fucked me already during my first session. The
others I did not know. From the way they were looking at me I got that it would
not be an easy day for me. Marcel told me that I would have to suck off all
these well hung gentlemen and get them in my ass as many times as they could
manage. I was not be allowed to cum and was even not able to achieve an erection
due to my chastity belt.

To start I had to greet all guests by licking their boots exposing my ass
prominently with the opening in the chastity belt to the others. Then Francis
forced me on my knees, chained my balls to my ankles, put crocodile clamps with
weights on my nipples, and cuffed my wrists behind my back. "Remember that we
will whip and torture you without mercy unless we are satisfied with your
performance or if you fail to comply. Is that understood?" Marcel threatened and
continued "and you will swallow all cum. Do not dare spit it out."

Some of the cocks I blew until they cummed, others stick their cock in getting
it ready for fucking me. When they were done I had to take the cock back into my
mouth until he was hard again, at which time he did me another again, that was
repeated several times until all were finished.

Slut", Marcel stopped me right in my movement, "may I ask you to do me a
favour?" This was a question rhetoric with no answer expected and I did not dare
answer. "I would like you to remember this great day and share it with other
people, too. By next Friday, you will get a tattoo on your back right above the
chastity belt stating in bold letters Marcel was here on the left side, many
others too on the right side and in between an arrow pointing downwards to your
asshole. Everybody will understand what that means and treat you as what you
are, namely a slut. On next Friday we will check".

Getting the tattoo was most embarrassing, I did not only have to explain what I
was after but had to display also my chastity belt to the guy in there. When I
wanted to pay cash he rejected and insisted that I paid with my credit card,
thus getting my full name. But he was still not satisfied and wanted to see my
passport as well claiming that this would be their paying policy. I knew that I
would meet this guy from the tattoo shop soon again.
...

To be continued




Sissy gunnarsub Turned Into A Slut
part 4

A couple of weeks later.

Marcel phoned me and ordered me to go to go to a small hotel and to give a
blowjob to somebody who would be waiting for me in room no 332. Dressed in a
provocative ladies outfit and boots with high heels, the only thing I was
allowed to carry with me was ladies handbag with the pair of cuffs, a steel
collar and a leash, a butt plug, a lubricant and at least a dozen condoms, my
passport but no money.

Arriving there I introduced myself as 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut'. He
ordered me to give him my ladies handbag and to strip. Only moments later I was
standing in front of him with nothing on but my chastity belt. He took the cuffs
from my handbag and cuffed my wrists in front of me. Then he locked the steel
collar around my neck, now unremovable as there were only keys for the cuffs in
my handbag but none for the collar. With a tow rope he tied my cuffed wrists to
the bed in such a way that I was placed on my stomach and the knot of the rope
out of my reach. I was completely helpless and offering my ass. The guy took
pictures, then sat on my arms with his cock dangling directly in front of my
mouth. then ordered me to suck him. Again he took pictures, lots of pictures. In
some, it was obvious who I was and what I was doing, and in most of them you
could not see that I was tied up. I looked like I was doing exactly what I
wanted to be doing, especially when he had me smile as I licked his cum from my
face and sucked on his fingers as he fed me droplets of cum and I appeared to be
begging for more.

He then went around behind me and pushed the head of her dick up against my
asshole. I squirmed to avoid it but the guy slapped my face. "Hold still,
sissy!"

He pushed his dick into my ass and I felt it slide in as I relaxed my muscles.
The guy started a gentle in and out motion that drove his dick deeper with each
push. I grunted with each penetration.

"How do you like this fucking, sissy?" The guy asked. "Does it feel good to get
fucked?", he asked as he started to nibble my ears and neck, in spite of my
situation I started getting erect and my cock pushed against the spikes in the
chastity belt causing me pain. "Do you want me to stop, little girl?" I shook my
head and moaned behind my gag.

The guy pumped faster and harder into my ass. "The next time I fuck you, sissy,
I'm going to whip you first." He pushed his dick hard into my ass and continued
fondling my nipples. When he had been jacking off, he started taking pictures
again, some of which only showed my cum drenched face.

He put the ball gag back in my mouth, checked the ropes that held me tied, then
went toward the door. As he turned the knob he looked at me with an amused smile
and said, "I put the money in your purse, it will not only cover the rent on the
room but also the one Euro you charge as slut. The maid usually comes between
nine and noon, so you should have some time to accept that you are now 'Sissy
gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' before they discover you and untie the ropes. It's
only midnight now, so you have at least nine hours to keep reminding yourself
that you are 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut'. I'm sure your Mistress will
be pleased."

There are no words to describe the effort I made to try to free myself from the
bonds that held me, but it was clearly hopeless. After about an hour or so I
realised that 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' had not only sucked a cock
and got fucked tonight, but 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' was also going
to be discovered by the hotel maid, covered with a man's cum on 'Sissy
gunnarsub, cock sucking slut's face and ass. I don't know how, but 'Sissy
gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' eventually found sleep and only woke up when
'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' heard the keys rattling in the hotel room
door.

The maid walked into the room and gasped when she saw the humiliated sissy
chained to the bed, but then she chuckled when she saw 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock
sucking slut's chastity belt, the steel collar around my neck and especially
when she read the tattoo above the chastity belt stating that Marcel and so many
others were "there".

The maid was a tall BBW perhaps half of my age, definitely carrying overweight,
with long blonde hair and huge boobs, her breasts were her best feature and she
had her blouse unbuttoned to make sure they were shown to her advantage. She
removed the gag and asked, "Are you okay?"

"Yes, I'm okay, I can explain, it's okay, can you untie me."

"You don't need to explain, but you do have to tell me, were you raped, or have
you been part of some kinky sex game?"

"Well, I wasn't raped, no, this isn't what I expected but no I wasn't raped."

"I see, if it's rape, I need to call the Police to untie you, otherwise evidence
could be lost, and the hotel could run into a claim."

"It's okay, I promise."

The maid said she would be right back again, then left the room, 'Sissy
gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' noticed that she didn't lock the door behind her
or even pull the door closed tight, 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' thought
about calling out to her, and then decided to keep quite and wait. Eventually,
the maid returned with a digital video recorder and said, "The manager is
worried about lawsuits, so he wants you to record a release to make sure the
hotel isn't held liable for damages if you change your mind and decide it was
rape after all."

She put a piece of paper in front of me and told me to read it, using my name
where it said 'your name here', I had no choice but to read:

"My name is 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' and I was tied up in this hotel
as part of playing consensual sex games with a gaypartner. I have been fucked
but not raped, nor am I a victim of a sexual assault at this hotel, nor have I,
'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' been held against my will by any employee
of the hotel or anyone associated with the hotel or any client of the hotel. I,
'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' accept total responsibility for any
inconvenience which occurred at the hotel, as it was part of a sexual game which
I, 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' agreed to participate in of my own free
will and for my own enjoyment."

The maid shut off the video recorder when I finished and laughed "that's very
sweet, but the hotel needs you to use your real name when you read it". I
blushed as I read it again using my real name and she recorded it again.

I expected to get released and told her that the keys for the cuffs would be in
the handbag. To my surprise the maid opened my ladies handbag and instead of the
key she took the passport out of it. Obviously, she wanted to check that my name
in the statement was correct. Then she left without untying me and I assumed
that she went to the hotel manager in order to make sure that he was happy with
the release and that he did not want her to call the police.

When she returned, she locked the door behind her, walked up in front of me and
said, "So 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut', how long have you been a whore?"

I didn't know how to react, and she continued telling me that the video would
not have been given to the hotel manager but she had given all the documentation
and my passport to a colleague of hers. Asking for my telephone number she told
me that her name was Miss Tatjana and that she would phone me and give me
further instructions as to the documentation. She untied the tow rope and the
cuffs and told me to dress and to check out. The steel collar was clearly
visible and I could not avoid that the clerk at the cashier and on the way back
home a lot of people stared at my collar. As only Marcel had the key to the
collar I would have to wear it until he was prepared to release me from it.

Again, I had been put at the mercy of somebody I even didn't know. 'Sissy
gunnarsub, cock sucking slut', had become 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking and ass
fucking slut'.
...

...
Already late afternoon of the same day Miss Tatjana phoned me and told me that
she would expect me within 5 minutes in a small bistro which actually was almost
next door. As I feared that I had no other choice I hurried there and sat a
table looking for Miss Tatjana.

I knew that something was going on because when Miss Tatjana entered, she just
stood there in front of me, with her huge body smiling a secret little smile,
hands on hips. "Yes, Miss Tatjana," I said, "What is it?"  She said nothing and
smiled and I saw a piece of paper in her hand. She handed it over to me, I took
it and turned the paper off.  I recognised it instantly.  It was a photo showing
me chained to the bed in the hotel with cum on my face. Certainly, I felt a
gnawing dread in my stomach.

I looked up to see Miss Tatjana smiling down at me.  I started to stammer
something - I don't know what - but she stopped me, "Just listen" she said, I
waited.

"So you like this sort of stuff, don't you," she smiled, " You like the thought
of being used by a man in any way he wants.  To be a slave, a slut, a worthless
piece of meat. But you will also have to like the thought of being used and
abused by me and my friends in any way we want.  That means humiliating you,
whipping you, pissing on you, even fucking you, but with a strap-on ."  She
paused.  "What do you think your friends, your colleagues, your neighbours, your
boss would do if they knew that you are a slut, that you go to a hotel in order
to get fucked by a gay?  Do you think they'd be proud?"  She laughed, tossing
her head back.

"Shall I tell them?" Miss Tatjana asked me, "Shall I?" "No, please," I
stammered, " Please don't."

"Why not?" she laughed, " Give me one good reason."

"I'll do you whatever you want," I said desperately, " A Anything. " Miss
Tatjana?s eyes widened and a smile flashed across her face.  "Everything?" she
said, "Everything?"

"Yes, Miss Tatjana," I said quickly, "I will do everything."

She looked at me.  I felt her gaze running up and down my body and a cold shiver
ran through me. Miss Tatjana stood up and looked down on me, still seated.  Then
she spoke, "Lick my boots," I looked up at her, open-mouthed.  I couldn't
believe what she had just said.  My mind raced.  On the one hand, this order to
lick her boots in public was ridiculous.  On the other hand, this was the sort
of thing I had dreamed of for years.  "Lick my boots," she said again, "I won't
ask again."

I slipped off the chair and got down on my knees.  Lowering my face to the
floor, I pressed my lips against the top of Miss Tatjana?s left boot, then I
moved across to the other boot, licking that too. I knelt before her, not daring
looking up. People sitting at the other tables stared at the scene, I sensed
their glares without seeing them, I felt so humiliated like never before in my
life. Even when I had to report to Marcel the situation was different, that was
in private, this happened in public.

"Now listen, " Miss Tatjana said, "You will come to my house at 8 sharp tonight. 
Do you understand?  If you arrive one second late, the pictures will be sent to
your friends, co-workers, to your boss, and anyone else I think would be
interested in knowing what a pervert you are.  From now on, you will do whatever
I say without question and without hesitation.  If you refuse, then everyone
will know.  If you question me, everyone will know.  If you hesitate, everyone
will know.  Do you understand?"

I nodded, barely able to believe what was happening. "Do you understand?" Miss
Tatjana repeated.

"Yes," I replied. She smiled, " Yes what?" I hesitated, not immediately knowing
what she meant, but then the realisation hit me. "Yes, MISTRESS," I said.

"Good," Miss Tatjana smiled, "Looking forward to seeing you tonight."  And with
that, she turned and walked out of the bistro.

My mind was a whirl. Thoughts flashed through my head.  What should I do? What
had happened was barely believable. Should I do as Miss Tatjana said, or should
I defy her? What would happen if I came to her house as she had ordered?  What
would happen if I didn't? The thought of being ordered to do something by a
hotel maid, a woman half my age, was intoxicating.

Her home was not far away, within walking distance and yet I arrived there 15
minutes too early.  I waited the remaining time, I must have checked and double
checked my watch several times, the minute hand crawling oh so slowly towards
the 12. At one minute to twelve, I walked nervously up the path to Miss
Tatjana?s door.  I looked at my watch and watched as the second hand swept
round. At precisely 8:00, I knocked loudly on the door. There was no way back
now.

Nothing. No reply. I waited a while and then knocked again. Was I at the wrong
house? Was I late?  Again, I knocked.  I looked at my watch.  Three minutes past
seven. I got nervous, once more, I knocked on the door.  Perhaps this was a
test.  The minutes passed.  I knocked again.  Eventually at ten minutes past
seven, I heard movement in the house.

The door opened and Miss Tatjana stood in the doorway just icily looking at me.
"At last, slave, " she said, "What kept you?" She did not expect an answer as
she continued, "Now you are here, you need to arrive properly in a manner
befitting your status." I trembled within at the sound of those words: what
could she mean? "Now get your clothes off, get back to the end of that path, and
crawl up here on your belly like the worthless worm you are.  And when you get
here, get on your knees and beg to come in."

I could hardly believe what I was hearing.  I thought of refusing but I knew
that it was of no avail and anyway, the thought of what Miss Tatjana had
commanded me to do excited me beyond words.  I looked around.  It was dusk and
the light was fading but there was still enough light for anyone passing to see
me. Miss Tatjana  stood there watching what I would do.

I started to blush and began to undress in front of her. I was now standing in
front of her with nothing on but my chastity belt and the steel collar.

"What are you waiting for?" Miss Tatjana  said as she gathered up my clothes and
threw them indoors, "Get to the end of the path and start crawling."  There was
no way out now.  My clothes had been taken from me and to get them back, I had
to do as she commanded.  Quickly, I ran to the end of the path, nervously
looking around to see if anyone was watching.  I then dropped onto my belly. 
The concrete path was cold and wet against my chest and belly.  I began to crawl
back up the path on my stomach, pushing myself along with my hands and feet.  I
looked up to see Miss Tatjana  silhouetted in the doorway, watching me intently.

It seemed an eternity before I reached the door.  Then just as I reached the
door, Miss Tatjana  slammed the door in my face.  I knelt before the door as she
had instructed, my chest red from scraping on the path, sweat forming on my
body, and knocked on the door.  "Please, MISTRESS," I pleaded, "Let your
worthless slave in."

There was no response.  I knocked again, pleading all the more.  No reply. 
Minutes passed as I knelt there naked and cold, knocking pathetically on the
door in the fading light. Miss Tatjana  must have left me there for five or ten
minutes before she deigned to open the door and stood before me again.  "Who are
you, slave, " Miss Tatjana asked, " Have you forgotten?"

"Let me know me who you are if you remember again, slut," she said and closed
the door again. Then it hit me who I was. "MISTRESS, this one is 'Sissy
gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' ." No reaction. I repeated at a little bit higher
voice "MISTRESS, this one is 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' ." Again, no
reaction. I was desperate, so I repeated the humiliating introduction again at
even higher voice "MISTRESS, this one is 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' ."

The door opened again , Miss Tatjana ordered me to turn around and cuffed my
hands behind my back. "Follow me, slut, " Miss Tatjana snapped and turned and
walked down the hallway.  I followed on my hands and knees, gazing up at her
round bottom and gorgeous appearance in front of me.  She went into her living
room and I followed.

"Meet my friends," Miss Tatjana said suddenly and I looked up to see two other
women, seated on the couch, grinning at me. "This is this kinky pervert I
detected this morning naked and in ties in the hotel. What a surprise for me
when I entered room 323 and saw this slut tied to the bed. At first I thought he
would have been robbed but then saw his chastity belt. The collar, and the
tattoos disclosing that he is a slave and slut. More precise a cocksucking slut
and must have been fucked by a gay as he had cum on his face and on his ass. So
I decided to record the whole situation and have him witness what had happened.
He called himself 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' and put on record that he
was tied up in the hotel by a gaypartner who had fucked him. This is what is on
the video I showed you. Well he gave me his real name, his address, his phone
number, everything, as he wanted the police to be kept out."

Only now, with a shock, I realised that one of the ladies was a neighbour of
mine actually living next door. She knew me, she knew my company, she knew my
position, she knew everything about me. She had a reputation for being a bitch
and a witch, married to a man of colour who is in boxing. I did not relish being
at her mercy. My neighbour smiled at me," what a surprise," she said "this is a
neighbour of mine, he is a white collar worker and an arrogant asshole."

To be continued




Sissy gunnarsub Turned Into A Slut
part 5

 "Why don't you turn him from a white collar worker into a steel collar wearer,"
Miss Tatjana asked. "I will, I definitely will", my neighbour responded "and
besides that I will make sure that life for this arrogant asshole will become
hell." Whatever humiliations she had in store for me, I knew, would be well
designed to provide the ultimate degradation and humiliation to me.

I was still looking at my neighbour when Miss Tatjana ordered me on my knees.
"Well, slave, " she said, " MISTRESS Natascha you know already. Now meet my mom,
MISTRESS Tamara for you," motioning to the woman to my left.

" Hello, slave," MISTRESS Tamara sneered. She was about my age, carrying even
more weight than her daughter, but also tall and with a strict and superior
appearance. Now looking at her I froze. In her hands she held a videocamera and
she smiled when she realised that I glared at the camera. " You are right,
slave, it's all on there, we have started a comprehensive documentation of your
service as a slave,"  and she pointed on the screen of the camera. I saw there
how I was crawling naked on the path towards the building. She took the
videocamera again and continued recording me naked on my knees, she zoomed and
recorded my chastity belt with the bold tattoo SKLAVE above it, then went around
me and filmed me from the back, presumably again zooming and recording the other
tattoo there, marking me as slut.

" Turn around, slave" she ordered. She was wearing a long tight leather skirt
and black boots with high heels.  Her leather skirt was only a few inches away
from my face so I could see nothing but her skirt and her boots. 

"Who is your keyholder," I heard MISTRESS Tamara asking. Now I was in a trap. I
could not disclose the name of Marcel, at the same time I could not withhold it.
"No answer, good so, slave. I like it to break a slave and I promise you that
you will regret your behaviour still this evening and that you will also tell me
the name, be assured." "Tanutschka, I will deal with the name of the keyholder
later."

"Greet your MISTRESSES, slave," Miss Tatjana told me and pushed me to the floor.
I knew what to do. I bent down and kissed MISTRESS Tamara's boots and she
laughed. "You can do better than that, slave," icily said MISTRESS Tamara, "
lick and clean my boots."  I began to run my tongue up and down the leather of
the boots and started sucking her heel when she lifted one boot.

"Now greet MISTRESS Natascha, slave." I crawled across to MISTRESS Natascha's
feet.  She looked down on me, a wicked grin on her face.  She lifted her foot,
pushing it into my face. MISTRESS Natascha then lifted her other foot and pushed
me over.  I sprawled on the floor.

All MISTRESSES laughed as I did so, staring down at me with disdain. MISTRESS
Natascha lifted her boot, forcing me to lick the sole.  The sole was muddy and I
tasted earth in my mouth.

"Now, get back over there, slave," eventually ordered Miss Tatjana. "Listen,
slave," she continued, "From this moment on, we own you.  You will do exactly as
we say, when we say it, or otherwise your dirty little secrets will become
public knowledge.  You are now our slave to do with as we wish.  Tonight, we
will teach you a lesson you will never forget. Understand?"

"Yes, Miss Tatjana," I mumbled. She slapped me in the face, once, twice, and a
third time. I understood. "Yes, MISTRESS Tatjana," I corrected myself. Again, I
saw MISTRESS Tamara videoing everything with her camera. She must have recorded
the whole evening, and now I started to understand that I would never get out of
their power again. I would have to stay not only as the slave of Marcel and his
friends but also as slave of these three mean and wicked BBWs, not to talk about
my professional Domme for on-line training and humiliation!

But my humiliation was not over. "I think you must be thirsty after all that
exertion and you will get something to drink. On your back, slave," MISTRESS
Natascha ordered.  I obeyed and MISTRESS Natascha rose.  Lifting her skirt, she
removed her panties. I gazed up at the sight of her crotch.

"Open your mouth, slut," MISTRESS Natascha ordered, "And you'd better not spill
a drop."  I opened my mouth wide and she began to pee on me.  I felt her hot
piss flood into my mouth, choking me, overflowing down my cheeks.  She began to
move slightly so that her pee ran over my face.  I gulped the piss down as fast
as I could.

Eventually MISTRESS Natascha finished and stood up, lowering her skirt back
down, ordering me to lick each and every single drop of pee from the floor. My
humiliation was intense as I knelt before my MISTRESSES, naked, belted, soaked
in piss, the taste of Mistress Natascha's pee still bitter in my mouth, and the
camera recording everything.

"Who is your keyholder," I heard MISTRESS Tamara asking again. "You need a
reminder of what you are, slave," MISTRESS Tamara said. "You will not only tell
us who your keyholder is, I want you, too, to apologise for not telling us
immediately and I want you to beg to get whipped and to thank me each time I
whip you. Understand?"

"Please, MISTRESS Tamara," I gulped " I am so very sorry, but I can't tell you."
"Please, MISTRESS Tamara, please don't whip me. Pleeeeeease."

"Very well, slave," MISTRESS Tamara said. They pushed me to a pillar in the
room, made me hug it and cuffed my hands again. MISTRESS Tamara told her fellow
Mistresses that enforcing corporal punishment means to use all their force,
since a slave always shows more pain than he is really suffering.

Suddenly, something hit me hard on my back. I tried to stand the pain. But after
some twenty lashes on my back I could no longer tolerate the pain. I begged them
to stop, I cried for mercy, there was none. Eventually, I shouted "The name of
the keyholder is Marcel, MISTRESS." The whipping did not stop and only a couple
of minutes later I had disclosed everything, Marcel's name, Marcel's address,
and Marcel's mobile phone number. There was no need to ask for my details as
that was already known.

I hung my head in shame, my body sore and sweaty, still sticky from all the pee
earlier.  I felt so degraded.  My MISTRESSES had reduced me to nothing more than
an object of their desires.  And I knew that my humiliation was far from over.
MISTRESS Tatjana and her fellow MISTRESSES had much more in store for me.

 "Listen slut," MISTRESS Tatjana said, "You are now our plaything, to do with as
we wish and when we wish.  From this moment on, you are our property, everything
you will do is for us. You will worship us and perform any task we set you
quickly and without hesitation.  You will only wear clothes when we permit it.
You will serve each of us and anyone else we may order you to serve. 
Understand?"

"Yes, MISTRESS."

"Good," MISTRESS Tatjana smiled, "Take your mobile back, I noted your number.
Now you may leave for today. MISTRESS Natascha will call you for some services
later this week. After that, MISTRESS Tamara will take care of you. And I assure
you, we have some extremely humiliating things planned for you.

What is your icq number?" She suddenly asked. I did not dare to hide it, so I
said "62 881 323, MISTRESS." MISTRESS Tatjana laughed and said "Soon this will
be publicly known, slave, and you will not dare to reject a chat addressing you
as slave and slut gunnarsub. You will answer each and every question and obey
all orders you may get from your chat partners. Is that clear, slave?" "Yes,
MISTRESS Tatjana."
...

...
The screen of my mobile showed that there was a call from Marcel during the time
I spend with MISTRESS Tatjana. As I had not answered it immediately as
instructed I had to expect a severe punishment. I never before had phoned Marcel
but now I did not dare keep him waiting any longer. "Yes," the voice seemed to
belong to Marcel. "This is sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut."

"You are ordered to take each call immediately, slave. I promised that you will
be punished in a way you will never forget again it you fail," Marcel said.
"Move your ass to us immediately."

Arriving at Marcel's place he took me in the boot of his car down town to a
Latino Homo hangout, with nothing on but my chastity belt and my steel collar.
Arms cuffed behind my back he had led me there with a leash attached to the ring
through my nostrils which had been pierced a couple of weeks before and which
was inserted when I arrived at Marcel's place. Even if I dared I would have had
no possibility to resist as even the weight of the leash is enough to direct me
in any way, and in spite of the humiliation and my fear what might happen I
would do everything to avoid the slightest pull at my nostrils.

In the hangout there were about twenty Latinos and I really got frightened when
we entered. This was a scenario like in a film. A practically naked slave cuffed
and led like an ox. Obviously, they knew that I was to be punished and their
attitude made me feel that I could not expect any mercy.

Marcel ordered me to greet his friends. A pull at the leash and a kick in my ass
made me know that this meant to clean everyone's shoes with my tongue. Needless
to say, this was very degrading and humiliating. However, it gave Marcel much
amusement to strike my exposed ass with his riding crop and to point out to
everyone what a little slut I was.

He then told me that after being whipped I was going to have to care for all of
them. Marcel unlocked my chastity belt. I was now even more vulnerable as my ass
was now unprotected. They lead me to a supporting pillar and cuffed my wrists
behind the pillar. Marcel offered to the crowd that everybody who would lash me
thus would acquire the right to fuck me. I believe nobody must have turned down
that offer. The pain of the lashes was unbearable. I cried for mercy but in
vain. They whipped me for more than one hour, just because I had not answered
Marcel's call immediately, which actually was not feasible as Mistress Tatjana
had taken my mobile along with my clothes. My butt was extremely sore, but that
did not stop my punishment.

One of the Latinos remarked out that in the basement of the hangout there would
be a heavy pillory in which I could be fixed  in such a way that I am bent over
with widespread legs, exposed naked and vulnerable to any caprice. Only minutes
later I was locked in this pillory.  Marcel invited everybody to use me now in
any way they liked. Although my butt was offered vulnerably to everybody, in the
beginning the crowd was more interested in my mouth, which was forced to be kept
open by a special device, and - with my head immovably fixed at their
convenience - one after the other of the Latinos stuffed me with his dick, and I
had to swallow all their cum.

Immovably held in the stocks at the disposal of the crowd they forced me with
the whip, to not only suck them, but provide them with an outstanding blow job
under the eyes of all guests, motivated by the stinging whip applied on my back
and my ass.

But this was only the beginning. Still busy with sucking dicks Marcel took evil
crocodile cramps which were connected with a chain, let them bite in my nipples,
and attached weights and wires to the cramps which were connected to an
erotomat, a low voltage electrical device. Switching on the power I could do
nothing but struggle in pain and agony when Marcel cruelly increased the power
supply, much to the pleasure of the Latinos around. The sensation in my nipples
was unspeakable. I was gasping and shaking.

Controlling the voltage by turning it up and down, Marcel forced me to plea and
beg the crowd for being fucked, too, from behind. Like a sissy slut I was now
taken simultaneously by two Latinos at the same time.

Getting fucked from behind made the weights attached to my nipples swing back
and forward hurting my nipples. Marcel picked up the chain of the nipple clips
and began to pull the, so my nipples were stretched straight out. He kept
pulling. The pain was intense. He pulled harder - and I knew then that he meant
to pull them off like that. He pulled harder and they began to slip. Finally,
with a snap, the right clip flew off. I screamed. He yanked the left on off and
I screamed again. My entire body was on fire.

While all the crowd enjoyed, stuffing my mouth and my ass with their cum I was
denied an orgasm and locked up again in my chastity belt.

For my additional humiliation Marcel offered the key of my steel collar to the
crowd without me knowing who actually had it. Thus, in order to get this key
back I had to disclose my name, address, and mobile number to all people
present, together with most compromising photos showing me as cocksucker. Marcel
told me that these photos would act as tickets furnishing each of the present
Latinos with the power to force me to be at their disposal at any time later on.
But even worse, now much more people might phone me and I might be much more
often exposed to humiliating situations in which I would have to answer the
phone as 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut'.

After they had finished raping me Marcel lead me back to his car, again with my
hands cuffed behind my back and pulling at the leash attached to the ring
through my nostrils. My face was full of cum and cum, too, was still dropping
out of my ass. Marcel was enjoying the scene as we walked to the car and later
on to his house, and I was fearful that someone would see me or notice me.

When we got into the house, Marcel had me sit on the floor. He explained to me
how hot he was from watching my punishment and humiliation. He then sat down on
the couch and commanded me to suck his cock. As his body began to shake and
quiver, it became obvious that Marcel was having an incredibly intense orgasm
right there in front of my eyes.

But the evening was far from over. Marcel walked back over behind me. He quickly
fastened a leash to the collar around my neck and pulled me to the middle of the
room. He fixed the leash to the ceiling and I stood there helplessly with my
hands cuffed behind my back. Before he left the room for good, he shoved a gag
into my mouth and told me that and I would have to stand there all night. As I
would not have obeyed his order to answer the phone immediately he would now
disclose that following the link ...see me in my chastitybelt... on my homepage
http://www.geocities.com/gunnarsub/enslaved.html there would be a small picture
showing my ass with welts and bruises. Clicking on that small picture would
reveal my identity and provide a lot of fun for the viewer. I did not dare
supplicate him not to do that as I knew that then again I would offend against
another standing order entailing even more punishment. But I was desperate.
...

To be continued




Sissy gunnarsub Turned Into A Slut
part 6

From the office I went directly downtown and headed for a restaurant. This had
been a normal working day for me, not being a slave but an executive. My ladies
handbag was more or less hidden in a plastic bag. As it was a warm summer
evening I decided to have some food sitting outdoors in a street cafe in the
pedestrian area. There was a pretty waitress with big boobs only half covered,
so I decided to ask her for a recommendation instead of looking into the menu.
In this very moment the mobile rang. What to do? From the recent experience I
did not dare wait answering it. "This is sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut," I
felt that I coloured up and saw the perplexed reaction of the waitress.

It was Mistress Natascha, my neighbour. " Where are you, slut?" She ordered me
to report immediately to Her. So I explained to the waitress that I a client
wanted to see me immediately, paid my drink and gave her a good tip. From her
diabolic sneering I understood, she got it that I was sissy gunnarsub, cock
sucking slut on the way to a client, on the way to do my job as cock sucking
slut.

When I reported to Mistress Natascha there was another bad surprise. Mistress
Natascha was not alone, her husband was opening the door. Being neighbours we
had one and the other small talk together so I said " Good evening, Michail, may
I speak to Mistress Natascha." Instead of an answer I got a slap in the face.
Mistress Natascha?s husband is boxing, a real athlete, much stronger than me.
"Come in!"

Mistress Natascha was sitting on the couch, dressed in a black mini leather
outfit and high black boots. She just pointed to her boots, being a clear order
to lick them. I blushed, the presence of Michail made it most humiliating for me
to obey. But then I did not dare hesitating any longer, went down on my knees in
front of her, and started licking her boots. "Did he tell you who he is, Michi?"
this was a silly question as she was absolutely aware that her husband knew me.
"No, he only asked for you!" Michail answered to his wife. "Then we will make
sure that he never again will forget to introduce himself properly. Tell Michi
who you are!"

"This is sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut."  I knew that there would be never
again small talk, but only humiliation for me. "Gunnar, a cock sucker," Michail
laughed, "a sissy and a slut."

"Strip, slut," Mistress Natascha commanded and only moments later I displayed
myself with nothing on but my chastity belt. Michail laughed again and asked his
wife, "Do you have the key?" "No, the key is with a gay called Marcel. He and
his friend train our housemate as a slut for males. Have a look in his handbag,
Michi."

Again, Michail laughed when he poured out the contents of the handbag with the
cuffs, the steel collar and the leash, and the other items. Then he cuffed and
collared me. In addition to all my humiliation I had run into one more problem,
as there were only keys for the cuffs in the handbag, but none for the collar.
So I would have to wait until Marcel unlocked it again and at least tomorrow I
would have to take a day off.

Scrutinising the butt plug Michail handed it over to me and ordered me insert it
into it's place. They both watched me as I inserted the plug with my cuffed
hands through the opening of my chastity belt into my ass. My ass and back were
still covered by welts and bruises and sore from the whipping in the Latino
hangout.

"Slut, this plug will not get out again as long you are here. Is that clear?"
"Yes, Michail." Michail?s reaction was another slap into my face. I understood
that I was no more allowed to address him as Michail: "Yes, Sir." Another slap
in my face. "Yes, Master Michail."

"You seem to have been whipped, slave." " Yes, Master Michail." " You don?t seem
to satisfy your superiors, slut ." I did?n dare answer the question. " What was
it for?" With low voice I tried to explain that there was a call from Master
Marcel during the time I spend with MISTRESS Tatjana and therefore couldn?t
answer the call. I hoped that Natascha and Michail would share my opinion that I
had been whipped for nothing, that I had been publicly humiliated and raped for
nothing.

But again, Michail laughed, " Nasch, we shouldn?t be so lenient in future with
this slut. The only language he seems to understand is the language of the
whip." " You are quite right, darling, we should really bring him to heel. Let
us teach him how to serve us to the utmost and force him to understand the
meaning of most humiliating service, complete obedience and full respect. I
think, we should not tolerate any disobedience or any mistakes, Make extensive
use of the whip and make him cry for mercy."  Listening to Natascha, who is my
neighbour I got desperate and completely down.

"Have a look at his titties, Nasch, this sissy should be properly dressed and
not go topless." "You are right, Michi. Slut, tomorrow you will buy a series of
bras for yourself and this will be the only piece of cloth you will be allowed
to wear in our presence and it will be your sissy uniform along with the
chastity belt and the butt plug. Is that clear?" "Yes, Mistress Natascha. "

Micha, "In future this slut should work in his sissy uniform as a housemaid for
us. As our maid she must always curtsy on entering or leaving a room and she
must answer the door bell."  "Excellent idea, imagine there is one of our other
neighbours at the door," Michail smiled "and I personally will cane him for each
error or un-maid-like behaviour. "

I was aware that I got involved deeper and deeper into my fate as a slave and
that more and more people would get to know that I had become sissy gunnarsub,
cock sucking slut.

"Are you hungry, slut?" MISTRESS Natascha asked, "I bet you are, as you did not
get food in the restaurant, aren't you?"

"Yes, MISTRESS Natascha," I replied, knowing that only another humiliation would
follow.

"Well, you will get a lot of protein," MISTRESS Natascha said. They forced me so
sit on a bar supported by distant triangles on both sides, which was too high
that me feet my reached the floor. Micha opened the cuffs, re-cuffed my wrists
and connected them to a chain dangling from the ceiling. My ankles were tied
together and my body weight pressed the chastity belt painfully against my
crotch. Obviously, the had prepared my coming this evening.

Sitting now both on the couch they watched me suffering from the constantly
increasing pain. I tried to reduce the pressure against my crotch by lifting my
body but was feasible only for moments. My suffering seemed to make Natascha and
Michail hot as they started fumbling each other. It didn't take long and they
fucked in front of my eyes whilst I suffered incredible pain.

Then I saw that both must have been having an incredibly intense orgasm. Michail
released me from my horseriding, but cuffed my wrists again behind my back. He
pushed me down on my knees and forced me to clean him. Thereafter he pointed
over to Mistress Natascha. "Lick my cum out of Nasch and make sure that there
will be not one single drop of cum left when I check that. As otherwise you will
ride the horse again and this time you will get whipped instead of watching us
fucking."

So I started to lick the cum out of Mistress Natascha right after she had sex
with Her lover, Sir Michail.

I was still licking Mistress Natascha when I heard Master Michail saying "You
will give me a key to your apartment, slut! You will not have privacy any more.
And from tomorrow onwards there will be a framed picture in your study showing
you sucking a cock and introducing you to each visitor as slave gunnarsub,
cocksucking slut. Is that clear, slut?" Yes, Master Michail."

Now I had lost the last resort where I was a normal person and a business
executive. From now onwards I would be a slave and even worse, a slut in my own
apartment. I could not dare to get any visitor at home, not even a craftsman.
...

...
A few days had passed. It was a rainy evening so I decided to switch on the PC
and go to see my favourite yahoo femdom group sites. In one of the groups there
was a message new file uploaded and when I went to that file I suddenly saw a
file slut gunnarsub.rm. With horror I opened the file and detected that this was
a film showing me in the Latino bar pleading  and begging for being fucked from
both sides, and then how I was taken simultaneously by two Latinos at the same
time. The video was of excellent quality and I was easily identifiable. The
Yahoo profile of the creator didn't disclose anything about his details.
Somebody whom I did not know must have filed that video. I started to panic and
only gradually calmed down again. I started to check the member list. There are
more than 3000 members in that group and in there some Germans living in my
town.  Although only people interested in the subject of femdom become members
of this Yahoo group it might happen that one of those Germans living in my town
recognise me on the road. I have become a public slave. And even worse, I have
to fear that more pics and videos may appear in adult Yahoo clubs and by copying
them they soon might be widespread.

I wanted to check more Yahoo femdom clubs when I heard noises at the door.
Somebody must have been there. Before I could reach the entrance the door
opened. There were Mistress Natascha and Master Michail. I did not know what to
do but from the way they displayed their shoes I got to know that they expected
me to kiss and lick their boots. They had not closed the door and if somebody
passed I would be detected licking the boots of my neighbours in my own
apartment.

"Get into your sissy uniform, slut, and come back again!" They wanted me to
strip, put on a bra, insert a butt plug into my ass, and come back to the
entrance. I obeyed and, returning to the entrance, the door was now fully open.
Again, I had to lick extensively their boots. Master Michail told me that with
immediate effect it would be prohibited for me to lock my entrance door, so that
everybody could enter at any time. He claimed that a slave and slut should not
have any privacy at all.

Then they ordered me to follow them into the study. Master Michail asked for the
framed pic of slave gunnarsub, cocksucking slut. I swear I would have put it on
the wall, but I had no such pic showing me sucking a cock, although plenty of
other people in the meantime had plenty of them. While explaining that to Master
Michail Mistress Natascha went to the PC and saw that file slut gunnarsub.rm.
Calling Master Michail she restarted the video. They both watched how I begged
to get fucked and then got fucked. "Gunnar, you are really a slut. Nasch, copy
the site address and mail it to us. As this slut did not obey when I ordered him
to have his portrait as cocksucking slut in his study, we will ensure that he
can be seen as cocksucking slut in plenty of Yahoo clubs."

What I had feared that it might happen over the time was now going to become
reality in short.

But my humiliation that evening had only started. Mistress Natascha made a
series of calls and invited for a drink - at my place - with me in my sissy
uniform! I presumed that she had called Mistress Tatjana and Mistress Tamara but
she had made at least three more calls.

Soon her friends arrived. I was right, she had actually called Mistress Tatjana
and Mistress Tamara but there were two other Ladies and I had to welcome every
Lady at the open entrance door by kissing their shoes. The third person,
however, was another neighbour of mine. When she saw me she laughed loudly,
shook her head and left again. I panicked but this could only mean that tomorrow
everybody would know...

But after a few minutes she returned with a camcorder in her hands. I really
felt relieved although this could only mean to document me to even more persons
as sissy slut gunnarsub. I had to serve drinks to all gusts in my sissy uniform.
Then Mistress Tamara suggested that I should serve as their toilet slave that
evening. My head was chained to pipes in the bathroom just opposite the toilet.
With my right wrist chained to my right ankle and my left wrist to my left ankle
and my eyes covered by a piece of cloth which one gets from the carriers on long
distance flights I was degraded to the function of toilet paper without knowing
whom I served. Two times I even had to act as the toilet itself when I was
forced to open my mouth and they peed directly therein.

All of them watched several times the video slut gunnarsub.rm and made
disgusting remarks. Before the released me and left Master Michail told me to
check the Yahoo femdom clubs the other day where I would be able to see what I
missed having seen during my toilet service.

On the way out Mistress Tatjana turned to Mistress Natascha and asked her "You
mentioned that our slut has to carry his mobile always with him waiting for
calls from his keyholders. Correct? And he has to take up the call before the
third sound and answer the phone as 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut'?"

"Correct." "Why not not tell our friends what a kinky pervert this sissy is. Let
us call him every day and wherever he may be, our slut has to answer our calls
as 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut'."

" Great idea," Mistress Cora, my other neighbour, affirmed, " I just imagine
what my colleagues in the bridge club would say if they learned that I have a
neighbour who answers the phone as 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut' I think
I will do that and will give them the mobile number of this cocksucker in order
to check."

Within short they agreed that punishment for not answering the mobile already
before the second sound would entail at least one hour horseriding accompagnied
by a severe whipping in the beginning of the horseriding and before release.

This was really a diabolic command, because now not only the number of daily
calls would rise but also since I would not be in the position to avoid having
to answer calls to my utmost humiliation in the presence of others. Gradually,
more and more people would learn that I am no longer a respectable executive but
nothing other than a cocksucking slut. I am going to become publicly known as
sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut, and I am going to lose control about who
knows that I am a slave, a cocksucker, and a slut. Anybody in a restaurant, a
pub, even on the road might start to smile when seeing me and I never will be
sure again whether people around me may know or not.

Then even worse, Mistress Tamara took my mobile with her and ordered me to come
to her place the other day. She insisted that I wear a black bra under a white
shirt and neither a undershirt nor a jacket as otherwise she would not return my
mobile. 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking slut'. I knew that Marcel would not care
for what reason I did not answer the mobile, he would punish me and the next
punishment would be even worse than the evening in the Latino bar. So I only
hoped that Marcel would not call until I got back the mobile.
...

To be continued




Sissy gunnarsub Turned Into A Slut
part 7

...
The whole day in the office I could think nothing but that there would be pics
in Yahoo femdom clubs diclosing my toilet service. As ordered by Master Michail
I had left open the entrance door but fortunately nobody seemed to have been in
my apartment during the day when I returned in the evening.

But when I entered the study I realised that there were hooks in the wooden
ceiling and on the floor, too. Somebody must have fixed them when I was in the
office today. From the arrangement of the hooks it looked like an ideal tool to
display me spreadeagled in chains to all my tormentors.

I still had about one hour before I had to leave for Mistress Tamara, so I
switched on the PC and checked my groups. In the Yahoo femdom clubs in which I
am a member. I was shocked when I saw the new file sissy gunnarsub with the
photos section of most clubs showing me in my sissy uniform, licking boots, and
providing toilet sercice. Although on the last ones I had the eyes cover on, I
was clearly recognizable and identifyable because of the other pics of the
series. Even worse, my homepage http://www.geocities.com/gunnarsub/enslaved.html
is now displayed in the links section of these pages as well as the file slut
gunnarsub.rm in the file section.

Suddenly I was frighteded, somebody entered my study. I didn?t know him and kept
stitting in front of my PC, paralyzed with fear. "Yes ... " I asked. Instead of
an answer he threw something on the floor in front of me. Immediately, I got
aware what it was. It was one of the photos Marcel had distributed in the latino
hangout as tickets furnishing everybody present with the power to force me to be
at their disposal at any time later on.

"You suck my cock, sissy," the guy said in broken German language. Now I started
to perspire. Checking the Yahoo femdom clubs had taken more than three quarters
of an hour and gradually I ran out of time as I knew I could not afford to be
late at Mistress Tamara.

"You suck cock, sissy," he repeated. Then he saw the pic on my PC displaying me
being pissed over the face. "I tell my friends. You our pissy, sissy." Instead
of an answer I went on my knees, opened his trousers and started licking his
cock. He was already erect and it was a giant cock, much bigger than most of the
ones I had sucked so far. I could hardly accommodate his cock in my mouth.
Fortunately, he cummed quickly and then left without saying a word. But I was
sure he would tell his friends about my toilet service and, too, that "the door
to my apartment is open".

I had planned to put on the black bra only somewhere close to the place of
Mistress Tamara but now it was too late to persue that plan. Therefore I took
off my shirt and undershirt, put the black bra on and the white shirt on top. In
the mirror I saw that my bra was visible even from distance. I rushed out of the
house and was lucky that nobody was around. But walking to the place of Mistress
Tamara I realised that people looked at me, some shaking their head, whilst
others made nasty remarks or at least turned around gaping at me.

Although I hurried I arrived some two minutes too late. "What kept you,"
Mistress Tamara said not unfriendly. I tried to explain, ... that guy who had
suddenly appeared in my apartment. "That is your problem, slut. You will regret
being late, " Mistress Tamara stood in the open door, but then turned and let me
in. "I will not return the mobile to you, slut, and you may face the
consequences Marcel calls and there is no answer."

"Please, Mistress Tamara," I pleaded, "Marcel threatened to send me OWK for an
extreme punishment stay if it happens again that I do not answer the phone
immediately. From the net I know I know that this is terrible. Every day I would
be severely whipped there several times in public and displayed in the pillory
for ages. All other time the slaves are forced to very hard labor in shackles or
are gagged and chained naked in an underground prison. The slaves get only dry
bread served in the toilet, which they must eat with hands cuffed behind the
back. Please, Mistress Tamara, foregive me for being late, it will never happen
again. "

"That is your problem, slut," Mistress Tamara repeated, "now strip, everything!"
She took the cuffs out of my handbag, cuffed my wrists behind my back, and also
locked the steel collar around my neck. Then she took a chain of one yard lengh,
fixed it to my collar and, at the other end to the wall at an altitude of about
3 feet, forcing me to kneel and facing the wall. Mistress Tamara got out of my
view and when she returned she were naked but a corset and boots wtih high
heels. Mistress Tamara climbed over the chain, her shaved pussy only inches far
from my face. She laughed and then forced me to plong into her. Held in position
by the chain I could do nothing but accept that her tights closed around my
head, almost suffocating me. Knowing what was expected from me I started using
my tongue as a dick and licking her clit. Smothering me in between I really
started to fear that I would choke but eventually, Mistress Tamara climaxed and,
after she was licked clean, left the room.

Chained with my head to the wall I was kept waiting until she returned after
obout one hour?s time. Again, Mistress Tamara climbed over the chain, but this
time the other way around. Now I plonged deeper and deeper into her ass, again
held in position by the chain. I knew that I had no alternative but to worship
her ass. This time I had to suffer getting suffocated even longer until Mistress
Tamara finally released my head from her ass. And this time she did not leave
the room, but returned armed with a huge strapon. First, she forced me to suck
her strapon and then I had to get up and she started to fuck me in my bent over
position.

"How does that feel, slut? Do you like getting fucked by a strapon or do you
prefer the cock of a gay?" I didn?t dare reply but then she shouted, "Answer,
slave." Not knowing how to reply I said with low voice "I like both, your
strapon and the dick of a gay, Mistress Tamara." Obviously satisfied with my
answer she laughed.

I remembered that I always had wanted to become a slave forced to do things
which I never would be prepared to do under normal circumstances. But what had
started as on-line training and humiliation as sissy by a professional Mistress
had turned into real slavery with no more way out. Only recently I was forced to
state how much I like to get fucked by by people whom I don't know and this
evening Mistress Tamara made me state how much I like getting raped by both,
strapons and dicks, although the opposite holds true. But a slave has to say
what his owner wants to hear, not what the slave feels.
...

...
"How would you like that, slave?"  grinned MISTRESS Tamara, "and showed me some
cold stodgy lump of purree. I won?t eat it any more, but it?s good slave food." 
Saying that, she scraped the purree into a large dog's bowl, placed it on the
floor, and the let drop a mass of saliva on it.

I crawled to the bowl and took a bite of the purree.  It was cold, dry and
unappetising.  With difficulty, I chewed it and swallowed it.  I was obviously
eating too slowly for my MISTRESS's liking since I felt the stinging crash of a
whip on my back and Mistress Tamara asked "You do not seem to like the saliva of
your Mistress, slave, do you?" "Mistress, I like my food flooded with your
saliva, pee, or cum."

The bowl was still more than half full when MISTRESS Tamara crouching over my
head.  "How rude I am, slave, " she chuckled from above me, "I promised you a
nice hot meal and also you need some more liquid to help that down.  Now how can
I do both the most efficiently?"  And saying that, she laughed.

As I lowered my head into the bowl once more, I felt warm liquid trickle onto
the back of my head and flow down my hair and cheeks into the bowl. MISTRESS
Tamara was crouching over me, peeing over my head and into the bowl. I felt so
degraded and humiliated as I began to slurp MISTRESS Tamara 's urine from the
bowl and chew the purree, now soaked through with piss.

Eventually, I was finished and the bowl was empty. MISTRESS Tamara ordered me to
clean the bowl with my tongue to make sure that all purree and every drop of
saliva and urine was gone before she moved the bowl to the corner of the
kitchen.
...

...
There was a call on my mobile. I was walking on the street on the way back home.
There were a lot of other pedestrians around but as I walked quickly I hoped
that nobody would hear me answering the phone as 'Sissy gunnarsub, cock sucking
slut'. It was Mistress Cora, the other neighbour knowing me as slave. She
giggled when she heared my voice, "How is that being at the mercy of others? "
she asked. "I like it, Mistress Cora." "Would you like to be at my mercy?" "Yes,
Mistress Cora." "Are you sure? " "Yes, Mistress Cora," I knew I had no
alternative that to confirm.

"Then go home and chain yourself spreadeagled to the hooks in your study, and
put your crocodile nipple clamps on." Was it her who had fixed the hooks? I
couldn?t imagine. "Yes, Mistress Cora," I said.

I was anxious when I stripped in my study and and eventually locked padlock
after padlock displaying me naked in my chasitybelt chained to the ceiling. The
door of my apartment was open because ot the respective standing order and I was
now vulnerable exposed the everybody who might enter my apartment. I had
expected that Mistress Cora would arrive but nothing happened. Hour by hour
passed, my uncertainty rose and rose.

Then suddenly my mobile rang. I had put it on my desk, out of my reach. No way
to answer the call and I know that would mean heavy punishment. Again, another
hour passed. Then Mistress Cora entered. She was not alone. Three other Ladies
were with her and there was a lot of laughter when they saw me. "I didn?t
believe you, Cora, when you told me," one of the Ladies said. "Tell my friends
who you are." I am sissy gunnarsub, cocksucking slut." Obviously, these Ladies
were colleagues of her bridge club and that means living in our town.

Apart from my chastity belt I was naked and all three ladies fully dressed. I
saw that they looked at my tattoo presenting me with the word SLAVE below my
navel and going around me the other tattoo  Marcel was here and many others too
and in between the arrow pointing to my back door entrance. Lady Cora switched
on my PC, I had to disclose her my password, and then she opened that file slut
gunnarsub.rm.

All four Ladies giggled and laughed watching that file again and again. Held by
my chains I presented myself as life actor of that video. One of the Ladies
asked Mistress Cora to mail the file to her and the two others joined her in
that wish. I knew, they would further circulate this file and soon a lot of more
people in our town would have it.

"Tell me, slave, how was that getting whipped and stuffed by a crowd of
Latinos?" one of them asked. I didn?t know what to answer thus I kept quiet.
Suddenly, I felt a stinging whip on my back. Mistress Cora had hit me with full
power with a riding crop. I could not help yelling. "Sorry, Mistress, I like it
to get whipped and fucked by Masters and by Mistresses." What a humiliation in
front of Ladies I never had seen before.

"Open your mouth, slave!" I obeyed and Mistress Cora spit a big load of saliva
into my mouth. "Tell us, slave, do you like my saliva?" in order to be able to
answer I had to swallow her saliva.
"Yes, Mistress Cora." "What else, slave?" "I like the taste of your pee,
Mistress." They laughed. "What else, slave?" "I would like to taste the cum of
your lover, Mistress Cora." Again, a laughter from all the Ladies. "Tell us how
you licked the cum out of Nasch?s pussy after she had fun with Michi, slave!"

It was clear that Mistress Cora wanted to humiliate me to the utmost in front of
her friends. I had to outline every detail how I licked Mistress Natascha,
carefully cleaning her from each single drop of Master Michail?s cum. Then I had
to explain how much I like my sissy uniform with the bra and the butt plug and
to offer them to come to their place and  work for them in my sissy uniform as a
housemaid. "Agreed, slave." I was going to become a public sissy, known by
neighbours and a lot of other inhabitants in our town as a slave and slut, as a
cocksucker with the right for practically everybody to dominate me.

"Why didn?t you answer the phone, slave?" Mistress Cora suddenly asked. That
meant it was her who had phoned earlier this evening. Silly question I thought,
how could I answer her call after she had ordered me to chain myself
spreadeagled to the ceiling of the study. "Answer, slave!"
"The mobile was out of my reach, Mistress Cora."

"You are a silly idiot, slave," I heared Mistress Cora saying, "Why didn?t you
take the mobile in your hand? Being in chains doesn?t give you relief from the
standing order to answer the phone immediately. I will take care that you will
be punished and whipped without mercy. I will talk to Tanuschka to make it hell
for you."
...

Will be continued.




Sissy gunnarsub Turned Into A Slut

part 8

...
A few weeks have passed now. I have been pushed down the road to becoming a
public slut with my identity being disclosed to more and more people without me
knowing who knows my secret. Marcel as well as MISTRESS Tatjana and her fellow
MISTRESSES do their utmost to add to my humiliation in front of others.

At least they did not insist to continue forcing me to publish my "training
sessions" as in the beginning. But now Marcel saw the following mail I recently
received from Pain Master, one of the readers of my story in BDSM Library:

It has been a long time since you have let heard from you! What the fuck is
happening? Are your new Masters not letting you report what is happening! You
better get your acts together and report back to us. You can't stop in the
middle of it all.

Losts of pain and humiliation to you.

Pain Master

I wished he had not seen this mail. Because now he ordered me to disclose that I
have to offer my services as a slut personally in all gay hangouts in the city
where I live. While Francis and he wait at my home I have to manage to return
within one hour with a customer who is prepared to fuck me for one Euro. Before
I leave I have to put lickstick on and polish my fingernails. I am allowed to
wear trousers but these are tight and comparatively thin stretch trousers and
everybody can easily detect my chastity belt underneath. Even worse, the opening
on the back part of the belt is well displayed through the thin cloth. And
Francis likes the idea that I wear a bra visible through the thin shirt. My
shoes have heels of about three inches and are locked by a padlock in such a way
that they cannot be removed without the key. In such a humiliating outfit they
send me to one of these hangouts, of course without any money.

It takes me 15-20 minutes to get to the hangout, walking there is like running
the gauntlet. As one hour means a tight schedule I have to leave my flat without
the time for checking whether a neighbour may be around.  So in the meantime a
series of neighbours have seen me in my slut outfit, and I am pretty sure that
through gossiping all of them know about it. People on the street either stare
at me or make naughty comments. I have no other choise than run the gauntlet.

In the hangouts I am in the meantime wellknown as by order I have to introduce
myself as slave and slut gunnarsub to everybody I approach. Can you imagine how
humiliating it is to address others, introducing yourself as a slut and offering
them to fuck you for one Euro? In most cases people are not alone and I cannot
avoid that others listen. Often such a situation encourages comments at high
voice, especially when I offer a blowjob free of charge in order to get into
business.

Knowing that I have only about 20-25 minutes to acquire a customer I do
everything in order to succeed. I know that after 60 minutes, definitely not
after 61 minutes, I have to be back at my flat and report to Marcel and Francis,
with or without customer. And I know, too, that arriving without a customer
means to get cruelly whipped what even for a pain slut like me is no fun at all,
and in the meantime I am prepared to do everything to avoid getting whipped.

I will never forget what happened when I had been ordered to prostitute myself
for the first time. Trying to avoid being seen by too much people, almost 30
minutes had already passed when I eventually arrived at the hangout. Of course
there was no way to succeed getting a customer within time, so I decided to
hurry back home and to ask Marcel for more time. But instead of granting me that
they ordered me to strip and cuffed me to a chain dangling from the ceiling in
my flat. Then they took off my chastity belt and Francis caned my ass in such a
way that I couldn`t help crying. There was no mercy, I received 50 stinging
strokes on my ass which was then covered by bruises and welts. I was in tears
when Francis finally stopped. Without saying a word Marcel took the cane, went
behind me and gave my another 10 strokes an the back. It hurt unbelievably, much
more than on my ass. Then Marcel told me cooly that I would get another 50
strokes on my back unless I managed to get fucked by a customer in front of
their eyes within the next hour and he added that the same would happen if the
customer would not be satisfy with my performance.

Within 15 minutes I was back in the hangout and being aware of the time pressure
I immediately addressed one guest after the other and just asked whether he
would be prepared to fuck me. In vain. There were some 20 gays in the hangout
and to all of them I had offered my ass. I got desperate. I stood there, not
knowing what to do when suddenly somebody called "Hi, slut." It was a tall,
muscular guy of some 100kg whom I had also asked and who had rejected my offer.
"You offer your ass for money, slut?" he asked at high voice. I turned red and
answered "Yes, sir."

"Let me see what you offer, slut."  I did not know what he wanted me to do but
seconds later learnt "Pants down, slut." At the place where I was standing
almost everybody could see me and looked at me following the discussion.

Slowly, I put down my trousers, displaying myself in a most humiliating way in
my chastity belt, crossdressed and pants down. "Why should I fuck you, slut," he
asked.

For a moment I hesitated but then said " I am a slave and have been ordered by
my Master and his friend to become a slut." He got up, turned around me and
probed my ass with his finger, still in front of now almost everybody watching.
"Let's go, slut."

Arriving at my flat it turned out that he was a friend of Marcel and Francis. He
had been waiting fore me in the hangout, monitoring my behaviour as slut. Marcel
and Francis recorded with their cam how he negotiated with me, how I offered
sucking him, cleaning his shoes with my tongue, and getting fucked for one Euro.

...

In the meantime I have been ordered to disclose

my profile in yahoo as http://profiles.yahoo.com/gunnarsub

my icq # 62881322 with my Unified Messaging Center
http://web.icq.com/wwp?Uin=62881323

my homepage http://www.geocities.com/gunnarsub/enslaved.html
and my e-mail ghofme@balcab.ch

so that everybody can trace me, contact me and address me as slut.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  gunnarsub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





