BDSM Library - Alana Negotiates A Bad Deal




Alana Negotiates A Bad Deal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young talented & gorgeous 19 year old Alana has lost her touch in her line of work & has fallen in debt. She has no where to go to help her get ahead, so she contacts a competitor/friend for his assistance, but ends up being pressured into slavery. She soon gets in for MUCH more than she ever dreamt of or bargained for as she becomes a sex-slave for a cruel master.
Alana Negotiates A Bad Deal

This was the luckiest break of my life, BY FAR..

It started innocently enough with a business competitor/  friend/ GORGEOUS little
babe!! Her name Alana & she was  18 just turning 19 & had one of the most
phenomenal  bodies I've ever encountered. She was about 5'0 tall,  physically
fit, GREAT ass, even GREATER looking tits.  Long flowing brown hair & not a
pimple or major blemish  to be seen as long as I've known her & perfect teeth 
from having braces a few years earlier when i first  started seeing her. 
Business wise she was determined &  daring, personally she was very shy & sweet.
I had met  her when she was only 14 & I was 25 for the first time,  when she
wasn't in the "biz" yet, but was well known in  our industry. She was a little
hottie then, but her body  hadn't caught up yet. Since she was 16 I had been
trying  to get a piece of her, playing the friendly business  acquaintance angle
as she as new to our industry & would  have failed quickly without my help.
Around her 17th  birthday she made it clear she had no sexual interest in  me &
started to ignore me outright after realizing what  my interests in her were.
She took time out from work,  to go to school for a year. When she returned, she
was  even hotter & sexier than ever & eager to get back into  her business &
take over where she had left off.  Unfortunately for her, with the changed
economic time  post 9-11, business in our field had changed  substantially & had
left her techniques well behind. She  quickly found herself in well over her
head & had many  of her long time clients now on hold for orders she  would
never be able to fill. This SOON became a problem  for her as she didn't have
the financial assets to cover  her orders & was in fact now in serious financial 
trouble. One day, one of her regulars who was a part  time regular of mine,
asked me if I had heard from her &  knew what may be going on with an order they
had placed  as Alana had since stopped replying to emails. I phoned  Alana & she
told me how she was under a lot of financial  trouble, besides work, there was
her families business  had since struggled & they wouldnt be able to dig her 
out of the hole she had dug. She started sweet talking  me to see if I could
help her out. I had survived & even  surged ahead of most of my competitors in
these tough  times with better strageies & a LOT of luck. I could  easily cover
her deals, but what would I benefit from  it. I instantly told Alana "yeah, i
can get you out of  this hole, but what benefit to me is it?", She replied  "its
not really, but your the only person I know with  the knowledge in this to help
that has the bucks to do  it to, I am begging you, c'Mon Dave help me out & name 
your price" I replied with my offer which I expected her  to turn down as she
had before, especially since I knew  now that she was still a virgin, something
I didnt know  when I was still pursuing her "you want me to help you  out? Be my
personal slave for 2 nights & you dont even  have to repay the loan, thats all,
my personal slave, to  have you entertain me & do as i wish for 2 nights & your 
back to even", she paused on the other end obviously  nervously knowing what I
had in mind for her & knowing  there was no other options currently available 
"(sigh)(whimper), ONE night & no intercourse & you have  a deal" At this point I
was so eager to be pleasured by  this sweet hot young tight toy, that I would
have taken  the offer, but fortunately I am a great bargainer. "ONE  night, do
you know how much you want me to cough up?  thats easily worth the two nights,
if not probably 4 or  5, I'm trying to give you SOME type of break since we go 
way back, TWO nights, anything goes, NO counteroffers"  Alana replied "no, I
think.." click, I hung up on her to  show her how serious I was on my offer. If
she was  serious about my help i knew she'd be back, if she took  a day to
reply, I would have phoned back & bagained what  she had already offered to me
for a reduced price. But  it never got to that, about 15 minutes later my phone 
rang, I smiled as I picked it up "hello" Alana answered  "Lets meet to talk
about this". At this point, i knew I  had her, hook line & sinker.


The next day we met up at a relatively quiet out of the  way restaraunt for a
late lunch both ready to barter.  "Hi Dave", a VERY nervous looking Alana
sqeaked out as I  sat down. "Hey Alana, given my deal any thought since  last
night", "yeah, BUT I still think thats too much,  especially since you know my
sexual history, thats a lot  to give up for money" she replied very desperate 
sounding in her voice, trying to rationalize her point  to me. I was determined
to get a fucking at the very  least out of this. "Maybe, but we are talking
thousands  of dollars that you wouldnt be able to get any other way  for likely
MONTHS. Do you think your buyers will wait,  or even come back? Maybe I should
call them & let them  know of your financial difficulties. How many would drop 
you so fast, take their business elsewhere?", she stared  at me with a defeated
look, but not yet ready to accept.  "I still offer the original offer, OR this
alternative  offer." I added, she looked interested in hearing ANY  counteroffer
I had "either the 2 nights, anything goes,  OR 2 weeks no intercourse & I reap
all financial gains  from any of these deals when they close". "WHAT!! I cant 
do that, that would get me nowhere" she replied. "Take  one or the other, or we
are done bargaining right now &  I go to your clients with your secret, 3
minutes to  decide" . She sat there for the entire 3 minutes as if  the
procrastinating would make her next words any  easier. "Well, which is it?" I
asked. She looked at me,  clearly as nervous as any girl I have ever seen, her 
likably larger than avergage breasts heaving as she took  deep breaths "2
nights, thats it" she murmered in a  voice so light, I barely heard it. "So we
have a deal,  yes? I asked, my dick almost breaking through my pants  right
there in anticipation of her reply. "YES!!, Yes  Dave, you have your 2 nights,
anything goes" she a  little more calmly said to me as I grinned so large I 
swore she could read my twisted, perverted, sleazy  thoughts right on my
forehead. "So, where & when? she  asked" With Christmas only  5 days away, I did
her  somewhat of a favour & told her, December 26 starting at  12 noon. She said
"OK, anything I need to bring with me,  a change of clothes for the 2 nights,
whatever else". I  replied "Dont worry about that yet, I'll show up to your 
house that morning & we'll pick your wardrobe together",  I had been to her
house many times & knew she had some  sexy & revealing outfits. This would be
fun.


December 25 came, I called Alana around 10 PM, "ready  for tomorrow Allie (a
nickname we used for her)?", "Yes  what time will you be here?" she answered
with very  little hesitation. "10'ish sounds good". "OK, see you  tomorrow dave"
& that was the end of the conversation. December 26, 10:13 AM her house- I
arrived so horny I  wasnt sure if I would get her out of her house & to mine 
before I took my first piece of her. She answered the  door in pink sweatpants &
a tight baby tee, with a lacy  blue bra on underneath. Enough to cover her well
formed  rack, but also enough to get your attention & keep it. I  dont really
remember the conversation there too much,  all I remember is picking out some
clothes for her.  First thing I did, went straight to her bra & panties  drawer.
I grabbed the whitest, smallest pair of panties  there & the thinnest bra there
was. I went to another  drawer & there were several thong underwear, I grabbed a 
great little red pair. Next I went to her pants &  skirts, picked out a little
schoolgirl style skirt that  I remember seeing her wear when she was about
15'ish,  but hadnt seen in a long time & A pair of blue spandex  shorts. I
walked over to her closet, looked at all her  shirts & grabbed ONE white VERY
see-thru top, packed  them in a bag, she added some things like toothbrush, 
paste & combs & stuff. We left there. When we arrive at my place at about 11:40
she let me  know that there were still 20 minutes till I got to have  her. So we
sat around & waited. 12 came & we went into  the house. First thing I told her
to do was give me her  bag, I took the bag put it in a closet & locked the 
closet. "You will ONLY go into you bag, when I tell you  to", "You will also
reply to any demand I make with Yes  Sir!" I told her in a very in control
voice. "Yes sir"  she replied. Immediately I told her, "come here", "yes  sir"
she replied & came over. This would be the first  time I touched her anywhere
special. I slowly grabbed  her breast through the baby tee, looked at her face
then  pulled the top off, expsosing her soft blue bra. I didnt  waste time, I
went straight inside the cup of her left  breast, cup it lightly enjoying my
first grope of the  hottest girl I had ever been physically involved with. I 
turned her around & unlatched her bra & took it off,  with her back to me. I
slowly ran my hands up & down her  breasts copping them lightly, feeling her
heart beating  fast & her great rack moving with her breathing. I  turned her
around to encounter my first major problem,  about 2 seconds after looking at
her perfect globes  staring at me, she put her hands over them & said "No"  with
that pouty near cry look, little girls get when  they dont get what they want.
"I cant do this". She went  grabbed her bra & started dressing. I hadnt expected
her  to freeze up AFTER I had her part naked, honestly I  though this would be a
problem well before this. I told  her "fine, but if you walk out the door deals
off", She  said "OK, Its not worth this" she left without the bag I  had of
hers. About 5 minutes would go by, she turned  around & came back to my house.
Knocking on the door, I  came out "I'm sorry, alright? I'll do it now, I guess I 
was a little more chickenshit that I thought I was gonna  be when I got here"
she said, "Come in" I replied. We  went into the living room where I  said
"remember how I  said you leave, deals off?", "yeah?" she replied in an  unsure
of where this was heading voice. "Well you broke  our deal, I expect serious
compensation" I told her.  "Like what" Alana nervously said. "I dont know, we'll 
get through tonight & if your good, I will make it  small, if your not, I will
make it memorable,  embarrassing & probably not so minor" She nodded her  head
yes "OK, but what will a small penalty consist of?"  she asked, not knowing what
I would think of yet, I  replied "I had not thought of it yet", "how does an 
extra hour for each small problem sound, an extra DAY to  3 DAYS  if you dare
try to walk out again?", with a very  nervouse & for the first time scared look
on her face  she said "yes Dave, uh.. Sir". Just to make this  official, lets
sign up a paper to show your commitment.  We signed a paper stating everything
there was stated  before. She signed it, I signed it, I photographed her 
holding the paper & I locked it in a safe I hadnt used  in about 5 years but
still knew the combo to. "OK, lets  get on with the evening" I said. We went &
sat down on  the couch, at this point I was aching to get off.  "Alana, get off
the couch & stand in front of me", "yes  sir" she replied. Take your shirt off
again, she did so  with no hesitation, take off your bra again, she did so  with
no hesitation, but you could again see her  nervousness. "Alana, take my hand &
put it ANYWHERE on  you that you'd like", she grabbed my hand & placed it on 
the underside of her right breast. "very good choice  sweetie". I could feel her
heart beating so fast in  there. I told her to straddle me on the couch, she did 
so. Her perfect round mounds sitting just mere inches  from my eager to suck
mouth. I grabbed her around her  back & pushed her to me, taking her left breast
in my  mouth. At first she calmly, well as calm as she had been  so far let me
gently kiss, lick & suck her sweet globe.  I decided to do something I always
wanted to do, but  never tried on my ex-GF's, I took her small baby nib  sized
nipple between my teeth & gently bit on it. She  jumped with panic & said "NO!",
I grabbed her by her  waist & pulled her close "NO?, are you sure you want to 
say that?", she looked certain she pushed away & called  it off AGAIN!!. This
time, I was getting worried it  would never go on, so I pulled out a desperation
card.  "Would your buyers like to know about your money  problems & your
desperation to resolve them through me?"  In a panicked train of though she said
"no, no, no, dont  do that, OK, add a penalty just DONT ruin me like that".  I
thought about a pnealty & came up with this "I need  more assurance that you
will not do this again, give my  your access codes to you personal bank & CC
accounts,  you can change them when you leave here, but I want to  have your
complete obedience & I am pretty sure you dont  want to lose anymore money, DO
YOU?" Knowing I was very  serious about this, she did it, in a panicked hustle, 
she gave me the codes & told me where the accounts were.  I went to the
computer, checked the info out & saw it  was legit & decided, now I will tell
her the penalty.  "What you tried this time, i consider a fairly major  penalty,
considering you had already been warned of what  behaviour like that would
bring, I am going to add the  maximum 3 days to the total", "Thats not fair, how
about  1 day?" she begged, "NO, 3 days, no bartering" I said  looking very
strict & serious. "Yes sir" she replied &  started to sob a little which made me
rock hard & ready  to explode. "Come here" I told her, she came over, I  told
her get on your knees, she did so, likely already  knowing where I was going
with this. "Unzip my pants",  she did so. Knowing I was going to be having a lot
of  sex hopefully that day. I chose to not wear any  underwear. With my pants
around my ankle, Alanas wet  eyes stared at the fate she was about to taste.
"Would  you like me to suck your dick sir?" an inviting &  desperate to please
request came from her still scared  lips. "Yes Alana, suck my dick & I will tell
you when to  stop, DONT stop unless I tell you to". She grabbed my  dick for the
first time ever, I had Alana touching my  cock, she gently took it to her lips &
she just sucked  the top of it ever so gently. I saw her hesitation &  decided
to help her out a little, I tapped the back of  her head & made most of my 8"
cock fill her mouth & held  my hand on the back of her head for a few seconds
till  she got the idea. Her young mouth & teeth licking,  slurping & sucking on
my cock as if it was the last  popsicle left on a hot August day in Georgia, not
even  slowing down even when i knew she was tired & sore from  sucking. Several
minutes went by, the continual sucking  & slurping & licking, I pulled her head
back a bit  knowing I was about to come, I wanted her to taste it  all & didnt
want any chance of it shooting straight down  her throat & not tasting any, so
she only had about 2-3  inches lodged in her mouth & SPLUNK, I spewed in her 
uninitiated mouth with so much force she gargled some of  it, but swallowed it
after about 3 seconds. I kept my  spewing rod shoved in there, now pushing the
entire  piece in then told her to suck on it with all her might  & I pushed her
head back slowly giving the effect of my  cock being sucked dry & clean. After I
pulled my mainly  emptied piece out, she took one final gulp to finish the  come
that was still flowing around in there, licked her  lips & took a deep breath.
"What now sir?" It was about  2:30 by this time & I was hungry. "Make me a ham 
sandwich", I came to the kitchen with her, watched her  make it, she put the ham
on the bread with a slice of  cheese & asked what else I wanted on it. I like my
ham  sandwiches with just bread, ham, cheese, mayo & mustard,  nothing else. I
told her get the mustard out of the  cupboard. She got it out & shook it up
making her soft  tits jiggle just a bit. "I want you to put 3 straight  lines
accross the ham" I told her also telling her she  should make sure its mixed up
good, to test it I told  her "squeeze it on your nipple & lick it all off" with 
the size of her lovely globes, I knew she could achieve  this no problem. She
squeezed the mustard out, the first  bit a little watery then the mustard came
out, right on  her nipple. She licked it off, a little disgusted with  the plain
taste of mustard & what she was doing to  herself. She put the mustard on the
sandwich. "wait" I  want to make sure you cleaned your tit off well", I  walked
over & licked her soft mound, sucking with a  little force on the nipple causing
her to flinch, but  not back away this time. Now it was cleaned. "I expect  you
next time to clean it completely off as I told you  to" I stated.  She
continues, i told her to grab the  mayo from te fridge, she did so & waited for
my command.  Not really having any other ideas ready yet I came up  with a good
one on the spot. I told her to Open the jar  & stick her tit that wasnt sprayed
with mustard in there  & use her tit to cover my sandwich with the mayo on 
there, she did so, I knew with the very cold mayo on her  tit the nipple was
going to stand out, which it did.  Instead of having her lick that one off, I
told her to  leave it on there for now, which she did. I sat there  ate my
sandwich wihle she sat there topless watching me  with mayo on one tit. She
looked like she was hungry, so  I made her an offer. "your hungry arent you",
"yes sir"  she replied. "Ok, if you want something to eat of your  own, you must
do the next 3 things I tell you with no  hesitation. "She replied "yes sir, what
is it you want  me to do?". Finally it was my chance for  a little  humiliation.
"First thing- take of the rest of your  clothes without using your hands or
feet". She scrambled  over to the counter & used the ledge of the counter to 
pull her sweatpants down a bit, from there she wriggled  till they were around
her ankle, she came back over to  the table, with her knees she picked up a
corner of a  chair & placed it right in the pants to hold them down &  then she
stepped out of them, now I was staring at Alana  in just her sweet before unseen
white panties. She spent  no time in trying to get her panties off. She looked 
around the kitchen for something that could help her get  them off quickly. She
became incredibly resourseful on  this one. Alana sat on the floor, pulled her
legs as  close to the leg of the table as she could get, kicked  the table up
about 5 inches with her legs, resting the  table leg just at the top of her
white panties. She then  carefully & slowly made the table leg slide into the 
front of her panties. Now with the panties firmly lodged  to the ground she
calmly wriggled out of them. She had  finished step 1, I was ready for step 2.
"you cant have  a sandwich because the bread is just for me" I told her.  "So
look in the cupboard & tell me what you want". I  replied. She answered "Chicken
& rice soup". Fair  enough. I told her she could have it & I'd even make it  for
her, but she would help me out along the way. The  3rd thing she must do to get
the meal was simple."Do 25  jumping jacks, blindfolded in front of the corner 
window". My corner window overlooked a small, but  generally busy park, where
many groups would go to play  soccer or football & other activities. Today there
was a  group of middle aged 25-50 year old men playing soccer  out there.  She
had no idea that the park was down there  & I told her that I would count for
her. After she was  blindfolded I walked her over to the window, opened it  so
that no reflection from the sun could impede the view  of anyone that was lucky
enough to catch the free show  (also this was people below would hear me
counting the  jumping jacks & probably get more guys attention). She  started,
after about the 3rd one I noticed a couple guys  who were on the sidelines were
already watching & by the  8th or 10th, the entire game had stopped to watch.
She  did all 25 with relative ease as her generous sized  melons bounced with
each movement & everytime she opened  her untouched thighs the guys, especially
the younger  guys would focus more to see her sweet, soon to be  abused slit for
last time as a virgin. Once she  finished, I moved her away from the window,
drew the  curtains shut to let the men know the show was over &  took her to the
stove where I had  the can of soup  already started. I told her she was gonna
help me test  its temperature, she didnt seem to concerned with this,  but I
wasnt planning on her checking it with her mouth.  I stirred it around & told
her it was time to check it.  "Stand with your hands at your side & your eyes
closed"  I stated, "yes sir" she replied. I pulled the metal  spoon out of the
pot with the slightest amount of soup  in it, raised it to her breast & poured
the nearly  boiling soup on there. "AHHH, AHHH,HUHUHUH, OWW" she  cried out. "Is
it ready?", "yes sir its ready" she  replied. I permitted her to eat te soup &
relax for  about an hour as I had to take some time to think up how  the evening
would go. About 5:00, I started to get some good ideas. I started  of by having
her follow me upstairs to my bathroom.  In  my bathroom I have a shower stall &
a bathtub with  faucets for hot & cold water as well as a middle faucet  for
both taps if I chose to mix the waters together. its  also supplied with a very
long, considerably powerful  handheld shower massager. I told her to get into
the  bath I had drawn for her, which was far from deep, maybe  an inch at the
most. This was because I had planned on  filling it my way. I told her lay back
down. She did so,  I told her straggle her feet over the each side of the  tub.
Again, she did so without hesitation as I finally  could see she was mine from
here on out.After she did  this I stared at her nearly newly shaven slit & for
the  first time in my life I would touch it. I slowly took my  left middle
finger up to the front of it, lighty stroked  it & then pressed it along with my
ring & index finger  against it, all 3 of them just slightly pressing into  the
opening & then I brushed them from the front all the  way to the back, in the
process emerging all 3 of them  slightly into her never before touched pussy.
Again, I  had a hard on that couldnt be hidden. I slowly leaned in  & did
something I was waiting awhile for, I licked her  slit from the back all the way
to the front, again  losing the tip of my tongue slightly in the middle of  her
now mildly wet slit. It was a great taste as i never  believed I would ever get
there. Now I was ready to play  some havoc. I walked behing her, pulled out some
cuffs  that were big enough to go around her waist, let alone  her feet. I
walked over to her legs took them both on my  hands, pulled her down the tub to
the taps & cuffed her  calfs together so close that her pussy was no more than 
1/2 inch from the middle tap. I then walked to the back  of her, took her arms &
cuffed her hands behind her  back. Now she had nothing to protect her from
anything I  was going to do to her. I started by turning on the cold  water so
slightly that just a small drip was coming out  about every 2 seconds. The drops
would hit her calf  about 2 inches from her pussy, but would slide down into 
the crevace & eventually tickle the area. I slowly  increased the pressure till
there was a very small but  continual flow. The icy cold water made her wriggle 
around as its very cold trickle tickled & excited her  pussy. I stopped this
after about a minute as I could  see it was starting to excite her too much. I
went to  the other side. I turned on the hot water, as a  precaution to make
sure the hot water in my bathroom was  running, I went to the sink & ran it
non-stop fro about  2 minutes, now it was nearly scorching hot. I again  started
with drips, these drips were very hot, each one  felt like someone stinging her
with an elastic band at  close range. I continued the flow till the was a small 
triclke, this made her very uncomfortable, she wriggled  a lot trying to stop it
from pouring into the same area  for any length of time. Now I was ready to
overwhelm  her. I took off my clothes & got in with her. I sat  right in front &
on top of her so that she could no  longer see what I was doing & so that I
could make sure  she couldnt wriggle around for my next surprise. I  turned off
the hot water tap, making her sigh with  relief momentarily. I then flipped the
tab to the middle  tap which was directly over top of her slit & with a  little
push from me could easily fill her cunt with  steel. I then put on the hot
water, but since this tap  has a hold button on it, I kept the button on till I
had  some considerable pressure. Then I released the trigger  & the hot, nearly
boiling tempurature water forced  itself on her unprotected pussy in a way that
made her  writhe in serious pain & slight pleasure. The pressure  was so strong
it was actually pushing into her. I let  this go on for about 2 minutes & then
as soon as it  started, it stopped when I turned the trigger off. The  water was
still there waiting to be released again, but  was on hold. I Then did something
That excited me very  much. I was about to make Alana fuck the faucet. I got a 
big metal table that I had stored for no reason out, put  it under her & propped
her up till the still hot metal  touched her virgin pussy. The table had
adjustable legs,  but with only me doing this I had a little trouble  propping
all 4 legs up to where I wated them. Then after  several tries I saw a crank on
one side that actually  lifted all 4 legs at an even pace & I didnt have to do 
anything. Alana was now laying with her legs completely  hugging the pipes, her
pussy, wedged with about 1 inch  of very hot metal splayed between her tight
virgin lips.  I saw her whole body shaking with the pain & pleasure of  this hot
piece tingling her never before aroused slit.  Then as before, I turned on the
water, but this time  only 1/4 the pressure, but still with an even less 
protected path for the cooking temperature water to  enter her cunt, she started
sweating prefusely & maoning  from the combination of severe pain & pleaure. I
was so  turned on by seeing her get water fucked that I stuck my  cock right
down her throat & face fucked her till I  came. After I was done & i turned off
the water, let her  off the table & uncuffed her. She was crying a little,  but
also very aroused as she kept fingering herself for  a while afterwards. It was
now 8:45 & I was hungry. Time  for some dinner.


For dinner I had a pre-made meal delivered. I ordered  Alana to answer the door
when it arrived, dressed only  in her white panties. I instructed her to accept
the  food & say this exact phrase "I'm sorry but I havent got  any money to tip
you, please let me know what can be  done to fairly compensate you?" The
delivery person  answered, a 30-40ish male, defintely pleased with the  person
answering. She did as I instructed & said what I  told her to say. He looked
very surprised. I walked up &  gave him a card which simply said "she is to obey
ANY  comand you give her EXCEPT to fuck you". Since I hadnt  popped that cherry
yet, i wasnt too willing to give it  up to a complete stranger yet. He looked at
me & asked  for me to come closer so he could whisper in my ear. I  moved over &
he said he had a camera in the car & was  wondering if he could finish off his
roll of film with  her doing acts with him. I told him as long as his cock 
didnt go in her pussy, anything goes. He came back with  a camera with a good
zoom on it with 34 photos left on  it. I told him to tell her what he wanted
done & she  would obey. His first request was obvious, a photo of  her sucking
his cock. She walked over, took his cock out  of his pants, put it in her mouth
without hesitation &  waited for the photo to be taken. I walked over grabbed 
the camera & focused making her keep his swollen member  in her mouth for even
longer. I made her turn her head a  bit & look at the camera & then took the
photo. She let  his cock out of her mouth instantly. His second photo  was one I
never thought of, but since I gave him the  permisson to do as he liked outside
of putting his cock  in her cunt, I permitted his request. His second photo 
would be of him fucking her in the ass. Now this guy had  a piece on him that
was even larger than mine, I'd say  around 10 inches. He walked up behind her,
licked his  finger, rubbed it around her asshole as she shook with  the
anticipation of what was about to happen & without  any subtlety he slammed it
into her previously unentered  ass. He went about fucking her & told me he want
the  photo to show her face, breasts & her sweet ass being  slammed. To do this
he raised her leg in the air, she  moved her head to the side which also exposed
her  beatiful mounds loosly jiggling. He never stopped  fucking her as I walked
back over to the camera &  focused again. He told mne I had to reset the flash, 
giving him more time to violate her little hole. The  tears were starting to
well up, groans of UNNGGGHHHHH &  EIIIGGGGHHHHH came out of her contiunously.
After the  flash was set, I had to refocus & took the photo. Since  he had
control of this position, unlike last photo where  Alana did, he continued his
probing of her ass with his  large rigid staff. Since he was already in there, I 
decided I would permit him to finish. I casually said to  him, let me know when
your ready for your next shot. He  continued raping her tender, now very sore
ass for about  10 more minutes, occassionally Alana would wail in pain  or groan
with discomfort, making my cock hard as a rock.  After he blew his load in her
ass he pulled out, with  his staff covered in come & some shit, he said his 3rd 
pic would be her licking it clean. She did so with the  worst look of disgust on
her face. His 4th pic was again  a photo I wasnt expecting, he laid on his back
with his  stiff cock laying on his stomach & he made her straddle  him & rub her
pussy back & forth along his cock. Since  he wasnt putting it IN her I let him
do it, but at the  same time I felt a little dishearted that Alanas cunt  would
feel this aged cock on her cunt before mine. She  rubbed back & forth on his
cock & I took the photo. His  5th-thru 20th or so photos were just of her
standing in  sexy positions.The last few photos he had her take  photos of her
fucking a cucumber, getting whipped with a  keychain & the most exciting he had
her pose with her  tit getting a powersander taken to it. He left happy &  with
many great memories to look back on. I was so eager  with a hard on that I didnt
even bother having the  dinner that lead to this, I took Alana upstairs for what 
would be the cherry popping I had waited for ever for.  We entered my bedroom
for the first time. I instructed  her to lay on the bed spreadeagle. She did so,
although  she wasnt as spreadeagle as I believed she could be. I  walked over to
the bed, pulled out some restraints from  under my bed & began positionint her
the way I wanted. I  first took her soft left leg & pulled it over to the  side
of the bed & strapped the restraint on, it was so  tight there was no way she
could wriggle out of it or  even move it. I had a huinch she might put up a bit
of a  fight, so i though ahead & handcuffed her hands behind  her back, cuffing
each hand just above the opposite  elbow, giving her no chance to move her arms
at all. She  said it was too tight, I told her I know & thats what I  wanted. I
proceeded to the other leg. I took it over to  the other side of the bed, pulled
the restraint out &  strapped her in, then pulled on a crank underneath the  bed
until she was completely spreadeagle & represented  an upsidedown "T". I walked
to the end of the bed & took  a photo of her showing her whole sweet body in its 
virgin form for the very last time. The photo showed her  sweet slit in full
form, above that you could see her  generous mounds laying on her chest & just
above that  you could see her eyes & her soft black hair looking  down at the
photo being taken. I took another one that  was a close up of the sweet slit, it
looked so tight  still, giving up little of the mystery of what was  inside
there. I then put the camera on a stand & set a  timer on it. I got on top of
her, licked her cunt, back  & forth for about a minute to the point where she 
started breathing heavy with enjoyment. I then slowly  rubbed my very hard cock
against the inside of her  thigh, rubbed it all the way up to her slit & just
ran  it back & forth along the slit, the very same slit that  was earlier in the
day violated with scalding hot water  & was rubbed vigorously by the cock of a
complete  stranger. Without hesitation I plunged it in, all the  way in. My
stiff dick was now in heaven. For the first  time in Alanas' life she was being
fucked & was no  longer a virgin. I could feel her considerably tight  hole
tightly squeezing the unwelcomed intruder. She was  breathing real heavy with
excitement, discomfort of the  uninvited cock & nervousness of losing her
virigity that  she had so long held above guys like some type of  trophy. I had
fucked a few virgins before, but none felt  this tight, or atleast I dont
remember them feeling this  tight. It was clear to me that she was gonna hurt a 
little from my cock as the gripping feeling was so much  stronger than any I had
felt before. I was so  overwhelmed by her feeling & the idea of fucking Alana 
for the first time I came in her after about 5-8  minutes. But I didnt stop
fucking her. After I came the  first time, I slowed down & just took my time,
which  excited her & she started pumping me as much as she was  able to in her
restraints. I just kept pumping, about 20  minutes after my first load, I got
rock hard again &  this time with a little more energy & pumping her much  more
ruthlessly than earlier. I really got into it this  time, I could hear her
groaning & moaning & grimacing  with my whole shaft puounding her with no
remorse, to  the point that my balls would rub up to her slit.  I  would grab
her little nipples between my fingers &  twist, pull & lick them to my hearts
content.  Occasionally I'd suck on her sweet ample tits & bite  down on them
like they were marshmallow treats. I  slammed her the second time around, I
pounded in & out  of her for most of an hour the second time around. After 
about 40 minutes she quivvered uncontrollaby & had her  first ever orgasm. She
was exhausted from the motons of  her orgasm, she had tears running down her
cheek from  the enjoyment & the pain I had inflicted on her cunt &  tits. I
didnt stop though giving her no chance to  rejoice in her experince. She started
crying a few  minutes before I came again. Her tears were an extra  turn on for
me. Finally I gave one final pump into her  hole & pulled it out & came all over
her soft, sweaty  torso. Her stomach & tits sprayed with my cream.  I 
instructed her to lick as much of it off as she could &  then clean my cock off.
She did so & we rested. Her  first night was nearly over. But not COMPLETELY
over. It  was now about 1:45 am. I had her get ready for bed. I  had her get in
the bed I had set up for her with  restraints. The restraints were set up so
that everytime  there was any movement, the leg restraints would get  tighter &
tighter. I had her spread eagle with only  about 2 inches of slack to start. If
the restraints  would tighten up during the night, she would be fucking  14"
vibrator I had placed about an inch from her pussy.  This was also connected to
the crank that controlled her  restraints. It also had a cool feature. It would
only  turn on when it got wet. So it wouldnt start until it  was touching her
cunt. Would she be able to sleep the  entire night in relative peace or would I
wake up in the  morning to a tearry eyed Alana being splayed by a  vibrating
metal rod? I went to sleep as did Alana...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joe Misery


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





