BDSM Library - gary's First Dog Show




gary's First Dog Show
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In this story, Mistress Michelle begins my training as Her animal fucker and i perform my first sex show with Her dog, Duchess, to entertain several of Her friends.
                                                    gary's First Dog Show


     This is a true story.  It was nearly seventeen years ago that i began my
training as Mistress Michelle's sex slave.  i was twenty-four when i signed
myself over to Her and not really that experienced sexually.  But i was eager to
explore new sexual horizons and expand my limits.  i wanted to be degraded and
humiliated, and i asked Mistress Michelle to do this to me.  She realized my
submissive nature and eagerly accepted me as one of Her slaves.

     The phone rang and i jumped.  i always jumped whenever the phone rang now. 
i was a slave and the property of Mistress Michelle.  It was my duty to serve
Her and the please Her in any manner possible.  Of course, i had a new reason to
be on edge, for a little more than a month now, Mistress Michelle had started me
on a new training program, she was training me to fuck her dog.  Yes, i'm
talking about bestiality.  Yes, i'm an animal fuck slave.  i guess most people
would be embarrassed if they had to admit that they've fucked more animals than
women in their life,  but as a slave, i've come to be proud of my
accomplishments.  I have in fact only used my penis eleven times in my life to
fuck women; i've used it to fuck animals a good fifteen hundred to two thousand
times.  There's a reason for this which you'll learn as you continue reading.

     It all began one day when Mistress Michelle called me up on the phone and
told me to come over to Her place.  When She let me in, it was to find that two
of Her female friends where there with her.

     "gary, I have a problem,"  my Mistress suddenly told me,  "My dog, Duchess,
went into heat and I don't want to have her fixed and deprive her of sex, but I
also don't want her to get pregnant fucking other dogs.  The solution is obvious
- train a slave to fuck her and satisfy her sexual needs."   i looked at Her
blankly for a few moments and then She continued,  "I've chosen you for this
privilege!"

     i was shocked, i didn't know what to say.  Mistress Michelle and Her
friends were leering at me and began to laugh.  i realized that i had an
erection and my dick was throbbing wildly after hearing this news.  i knew
immediately that i was going to do it - i also knew that's why She chose me for
this!

     "This position is permanent!  I intend to fully train you as My dog fucker, 
you'll fuck other animals as well, but only animals from this moment on.  I'm
going to have you sign a contract agreeing only to fuck animals for the rest of
your life!"

     "Yes, Mistress."  i stammered.  It's not everyday such mind blowing news is
dropped on you.  But there comes a time in every slave's life where he or she is
given an opportunity to truly submit themselves to their Mistress' will.  This
was my chance to prove myself worthy of my Mistress and to show Her i was
completely Her slave.

     She produced the new contract i was to sign.  i read it aloud while the
three women listened.  my voice cracked as i read the line in which i agreed to
only fuck animals for the remainder of my life.  The women watched as i signed
the document before them.  i knew that as i touched the pen to the paper that i
would keep my word.  i'm sure other slaves have made this same agreement, but
even so, i have never met one.  There were actually three copies.  Mistress
Michelle kept one and gave a copy to each of Her friends to hold as Her
witnesses.  Then one of Her other slaves brought Her dog, Duchess, into the
room.  Needless to say, a few minutes later, i found myself with my cock firmly
planted inside the dog's body.  Fucking the animal while my Mistress and Her
friends watched and laughed at me brought me a new sense of freedom i had never
experienced with any other form of sex.  At last, my Mistress had found a
purpose for my penis, and as the next few years passed, i realized that this was
the reason i was born with one in the first place.

     Anyhow, back to my story.  The phone rang.  i knew my Mistress was throwing
a party this weekend for a couple dozen of her friends and She told me earlier
in the week She might use my services to entertain them.  my heart beat wildly
as i answered.  Yes!  It was my Mistress...and yes!  She wanted me to come over
to Her house at 6 pm.

     my entire body trembled with fright and anxiety as i drove my way to
Mistress Michelle's home.  i'd fucked Her dog, Duchess, a dozen times already
and in front of a few of Her friends, but never anything like i was about to
experience this night.  i looked at my watch and it was nearly 6 pm, the time my
Mistress ordered me to arrive.  As i approached my Mistress' house, i found that
several cars were already parked along the street already.  i drove to the end
of the street and parked, knowing that there would be more people coming and
that they deserved better parking than i, a mere slave.  i walked back to
Mistress Michelle's house and went quietly to Her back porch where i stripped
off my clothes and placed them in the box She had placed there for just this
purpose.  i stood there naked for a few moments, my body shivering in the cool
Autumn breeze that caressed my bare skin.  Anxiously, i knocked timidly on the
door. A woman i knew from some of my Mistress' prior parties where i had served
as a tongue and urinal slave answered.  She took one look at me and turned her
head back into the house and shouted,  "Hey, everyone, the dog fucker's here!"

     God, i couldn't believe.  What humiliation to have to suffer.  Never in my
life did i ever expect that i would be announced in such a manner. But she
wasn't mistaken - that's who i was and what i am, "the dog fucker!"  That's all
i was.  Any respect and dignity i once had for myself was gone and my penis was
now reduced to nothing more than a "pet-pleasuring dildo."  This was Mistress
Michelle's term for my dick since it was only used to fuck animals.  Mistress
Michelle told me that Her whole purpose in training me this way was to
completely wash away any desire i had to fuck anything other than animals so
that i would want to spend my entire life as an animal fucker and nothing more.

     i entered the house and Mistress Michelle's guests watched me with interest
as i walked into the living room.  There were about nine people in the room and
their glances told me that they were eager to see me perform tonight.  No
training in the world can prepare a slave for the utter shock and humiliation
that one must endure while being trained as an animal fucker.  You don't know
what humiliation is until you're required to perform acts of bestiality in front
of other people. But then, i was no longer a person or a human being, i was only
an animal fucker.  Even so, walking into that room was the most frightening
experience of my life. But a thrill passed through my body as well, knowing that
soon, i would be fucking Mistress Michelle's dog in front of everyone once the
other guests arrived.  i got down on my hands and knees in the center of the
room. Some of Mistress Michelle's guests taunted me as i knelt there waiting for
Her to lead out Her dog and give the order for me to begin fucking it.  A few of
my Mistress' guest came by to push their pussies or cocks into my face for me to
pleasure them orally.  Some of them pissed in my face and open mouth.

     By 8 pm, about a dozen more guests had arrived and Mistress Michelle
decided it was time for the show to begin.  My heart sunk as She announced that
i was going to fuck Her dog.  My Mistress led Duchess into the room and i could
hear everyone begin to talk at once and laugh as She dragged me over to the
animal.  i raised myself up onto my knees and positioned myself directly behind
Duchess.  Every eye in the room was glued to my stiff penis as I grasped it with
one hand and aimed towards the dog's pussy.  i paused for a moment to catch my
breath looking around the room at the audience.  Everyone was here to see me do
this, to see me fuck the dog.  i had every intention of giving them all a good
show.  i pushed my hips forward and gasped as i touched the tip of my dick to
the dog's hot wet fuck-hole.  This was it, there was no more holding back, this
was the reason i was there - it's the reason i'm alive!

     i thrust my hips forward once again sinking the head of my cock into the
dog's shuddering body.  "Oh, my God!"  One woman choked out as she watched my
penis slowly disappear inside the animal's body, others laughed openly as they
watched me fuck the dog.  i pulled back and pushed forward again making my cock
slide deeper into the dog's slippery wet pussy.  A few of Mistress Michelle's
guest began to shower me with insults and ridicule as i continued to fuck my
penis into the dog, some of her guests cheered me on, joyfully shouting at me to
fuck the animal.  i always found myself amazed and delighted by the intense heat
of Duchess' pussy around my cock as i fucked it in and out of her.

     Before i knew it, my cock was completely buried inside the dog's quivering
vagina.  i could feel the animal's cunt clench at my penis as i pulled back. 
One woman screamed in thrilled joy as my dick reappeared, glistening wet with
the dog's juices.  i pushed forward once again, slipping my cock back into the
dog's pussy.  my body trembled as i moved my penis in and out of the dog's body
in that endless rhythm of lust and pleasure.  Again and again i moved my cock in
and out of the animal's pussy, feeling Duchess shove back against me as i fucked
her.  My breathing came in ragged gasps and i could feel my orgasm building
inside of me.  In my mind as i fucked the dog images of everyone i'd ever known,
family and friends, were all screaming at me, calling me a dog fucker...an
animal fucker!

     Shouting out in absolute delight, i emptied my load deep inside the
animal's body, the sound of my audience's laughter and clapping echoing in my
ears.  As the last of my seed shot into the dog's shivering body, i collapsed to
the floor in absolute exhaustion, both physical and emotional.  My audience
goaded me as i lay there whimpering on the ground.  But i wasn't allowed to stay
down for long, my Mistress ordered me back up and soon i was sucking my own cum
from the dog's pussy. The laughter in the room redoubled as everyone watched me
swab my tongue into the dog's cunt, eating the animal out.  By the time i was
done, i was a sweaty, sticky mess.  I performed two more shows during the course
of the evening and loved every humiliating minute of it.

     This form of sexual training is not something for the timid.  The
humiliation is extreme and it's something you live with constantly.  My Mistress
once had me trace down an ex-girlfriend of mine named Cindy so She could invite
her to come see me perform with Duchess at one of Her parties.  Cindy couldn't
have been given any better ammo for revenge.  She told all of my old friends
that i was a dog fucker.  You can imagine what this did to me socially.  But
this is all a part of such intensive training.  Mistress Michelle set me up to
be an outcast from society.  my only purpose was to fuck animals and to do it
openly to entertain others.  Mistress Michelle did  Her job well, i truly enjoy
fucking animals before an audience and i want as many people as possible to know
i'm an animal fucker and to also see me perform. 

     i hope someday i'll find a new Mistress to continue my training as an
animal fucker.  Maybe some Mistress reading this will decide to email me and
reinitiate my training once again, at least i hope so.  A Mistress can make some
serious money owning an animal fucker like myself and using me in videos and
selling them to sites on the Web.  i'd love to help support my Mistress in this
manner and at the same time have my Mistress expose me as an animal fucker on
the Internet.  Or, if you own an animal and would like to watch me fuck it and
you're willing to host, let me know, i'm willing to travel, especially if it
means performing with an animal before a large crowd.  As an added bonus, tell
your guests to bring their cameras so they can film my animal antics.  What's
more, i will even pay you money for allowing me the privilege of entertaining
you and your guests.  i realize the things i've written here sound pretty
outrageous, but i want to assure you that i'm for real and absolutely serious. 
Whether you want me as your slave or you just want to see me perform, i
guarantee that you are going to see me fuck animals.  i take bestiality serious,
but then i guess i have to, since like i said, i only fuck animals!

     Don't get me wrong, i used to enjoy fucking women prior to becoming
Mistress Michelle's slave and i miss it.  It gets me hot thinking about being
between a woman's smooth soft thighs with my cock deep inside her pussy.  Part
of my thrill at being trained as an animal fucker is knowing that i'll forever
be denied the pleasure of fucking women for the rest of my life.  It's not easy
living openly as an animal fucker either, i have several rules that i am
required to live by.  One important rule is that if i'm ever in a conversation
and the subject of bestiality comes up in any shape or form, i must immediately
admit that i'm an animal fucker.  This has gotten me into trouble on several
occasions.  You wouldn't believe how often the subject comes up either.  This
has gotten me in trouble on several occasions, but i have to live with it. 
Anyhow, i do hope that you have enjoyed reading my story.



                                                          The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  gary


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





