BDSM Library - It Was So Easy!




It Was So Easy!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An innocent passing remark leads to trouble for someone...!
IT WAS SO EASY!
By
Anne Gray
NOTE: This is a work of fiction and the author in no way condones or promotes
any activity that is not entirely consensual!

It had been so easy and now, as her head rested in my leather- skirted lap, I
worked on her head and thought back on just how things had gone so well.

I had watched and studied her for nearly three weeks.  Every morning like
clockwork she was at the bus stop at five minutes to six for the top of the hour
bus.  She wore one of those long quilted coats of some shiny material that
almost reached her ankles and a woolen toque.  The boots had platform soles and
high heels but were quite sensible for the season.  The coat had a hood and I
wondered why she didn't pull it up against the frigid wind.  She carried one of
those small shoulder knap sack like purses.

Then my patience paid off when one morning she was a few minutes late, missed
the bus and had to wait 30 minutes for the next one.  I gave her enough time to
get chilled and then pulled my car alongside the bus stop.

Lowering the passenger window I called to her that it was so cold and since I
was going towards town could I give her a ride.  She looked through the window
and saw nothing threatening.  A thirty something lady in a leather car coat with
a smile on her face.  It took only a moment of thought and then she climbed in
as I powered the window back up.

I waited and she looked at me with a question on her lips.  Seat belt please, I
don't move this car unless everyone is buckled in.  She nodded and reached
across her right shoulder for the harness, pulled it over and snapped it in the
socket beside her left hip. 

I suggested that the shoulder purse go on the back seat and as she leaned around
I took it from her, put in on the seat and made as if something had dropped.

She put her left arm around to help me and as she did I clipped the handcuff
attached to the seat leg around her wrist.  Before she had time to react I took
hold of her right arm and pushed it towards her lap.  At 5' 9" I was nearly 6"
taller than her and probably outweighed her by 30 lbs although it was hard to
tell with the winter clothes, but I had the advantage.

Attached to the seat belt, where it crossed her thighs, was a Velcro second
strap that I quickly peeled back and wrapped around her wrist.  That took care
of her arms and I reached down grabbed the end of an elastic belt at the right
hand front seat leg and pulled it across over her ankles to snap on a hook at
the left seat leg.  That took care of her legs.

It had only taken 10 seconds but now the mouth was opening to start making
noise.  The golf ball slid between her teeth with a click and a quick push and
the strip of duct tape that was at the ready hanging from the dashboard sealed
it in place.  I pulled the zip of her coat up the rest of the way and then
reached on either side of her head for the hood. 

I found why she didn't use it, it was very tight and snug but I worked it over
her head and the toque and tied the drawstring firmly under her chin.  Besides
the hood there was also a facial storm flap.  I positioned it across her face
and connected the two snap fasteners in place; it covered the gag.

Just to finish things I pulled the folded edge of the toque down over her eyes
and she was fettered, dumb and blind.  I picked a long woolen scarf off the back
seat and wrapped it a couple of times around her face and the headrest of the
seat before tying it under her chin.  The shoulder harness of the seat belt gave
little room for her struggles to be noticeable; besides, my windows were tinted
and there was nobody else around as I pulled away from the bus top.

Now, Miss Jane, let's get you home!


Once inside the double garage, after driving around for nearly an hour to
confuse her, the door closed behind the car and I got out to make my guest at
home.

First I removed the scarf around the headrest then another velcro'd wrist strap
with a D ring came out of my pocket.  I took a firm hold of her right arm as I
released the lap belt strap and wound the other over the leather glove covering
her wrist

A strong piece of cord through the D ring and I wrenched her arm behind her
back, then fed the cord around her left arm up near the shoulder and pulled hard
before knotting it again through the ring.

I was leaning on the back of her neck as I reached down to unlock the handcuff
holding her left wrist and jerked it up while I pulled another strap from my
pocket and used more cord to fasten it by her right shoulder.  The length left
over wrapped several times around her crossed wrists and she lost the use of her
arms.

Unhooking the strap across her legs she had no choice but to follow my pull on
the arm cords and leave the car.  Still wrapped in her coat and blinded by the
toque my new guest got pushed through to the playroom and settled on the end
cushion of my couch.  A couple of turns of cord around her ankles and the front
leg of the furniture and she was not going anywhere while I went to change.

So now here we were.  I had put on one of my favorite long leather skirts,
changed the boots to 6" stiletto heeled "Mistress" ones and moved a table loaded
with everything I needed over to the chesterfield.

Her still bound arms were useless as I sat down beside her and pulled her over
so the hooded head rested on my lap and then gently lifted the woolen toque up
to her forehead.  The front of it was soaking wet with tears from the pair of
big brown eyes looking up at me.




I loosened the draw-cord of the hood and peeled it back before I could pull the
woolen cap off her dark shoulder length hair. I cupped her chin in my hands, the
golf ball extended her jaws because she had such a delicate face, and the tape
over it made a smooth bulge that I gently pushed the bubbles from as I talked to
her.

Just relax I said, tomorrow is a special day and we have to get you wrapped up
and ready for it so let me tell you what is going to happen.

First I'm going to get that gag out of your mouth and give you a nice long
drink.  It can be done two ways, the easy way or the hard way.  You get to
choose.  Then we'll peel you out of all those winter clothes and start from the
inside out to get you nice and clean.  Don't even think of arguing with me, it
won't work.

She shook her head against my hand and I knew it would be my way so I hooked a
red fingernail under the edge of the tape and peeled it off.  I had one elbow
leaning on her chest between her breasts and in that hand was a hard rubber
wedge that I slid between her teeth in the left side of her mouth as I hooked a
couple of fingers on my other hand around the golf ball and pulled it out.

What a shame you decided not to co-operate, now we'll have to use the funnel. 
And I did.  Just over two pints of high energy, protein enriched fluid was
slowly poured into her before I started on the new gag.

I had to use both thumbs to get the soft rubber pad deep enough to get behind
her teeth and then it was well Miss Jane this strip of rubber will go nicely
over your teeth, let me tuck it under your lips, there now drooling makes such a
mess doesn't it?  That should fix it.  Oh that and three strips of duct tape,
one across and two in an X to seal your lips over it.

Now we have you quiet let's just add this blindfold.  Oh stop crying, I'll have
to add some tissue padding under it to soak up the moisture.  This little ball
of cotton will get pushed in to sit nice and deep in your ear and stop the drum
from getting touched by the liquid latex I'm going to fill it up with.

There you are now, and this ear gets a little speaker so we can chat through
this microphone on my necklace as I work on you.  We fill it with the latex too
and now, hands off, can you hear me?

That moan I assume means yes so I'll continue.  That coat has to come off so
let's start with all these snap fasteners every four or five inches over that
full-length zip and that drawstring at the waist is the narrowest belt I've ever
seen.  Just for show I guess, isn't it?  There now you'll just have to wait a
minute while I go and change again.  I do like this skirt but since you're being
difficult I think my black leather slacks are more appropriate.

Hi, I'm back so lets just get you down on the floor on your stomach, the cord
around your ankles and the couch leg is long enough.  Now I'll sit on your ass
and do something with those arms.  There, your left wrist is untied but I'll
just hold it here while I take off your glove.  Oh Jane, don't curl your fingers
like that.  Let me show you how this works; you defy me and I just pinch your
nose like this.  Now, you get the idea I hope?  This time I'll let go - now
uncurl your fingers.  That's a good girl, off comes the glove and we just fix
your wrist to this floor ring.  Now the other arm and I can just pull the coat
off before we tie it to another ring - switch over and there, that nice warm
coat is off.

And what do we have?  A very conservative business suit; skirt and fitted jacket
over a lovely white blouse.  And such practical boots all the way to the knee,
and such small feet.  I noticed them while I was watching you what are you 7? 
You can answer me you know, a nod will do, just remember who controls your air
supply - now 7?  No, how about 6 1/2, yes well the new ballet boots I have for
you are only a 6 so they'll be little bit tight.

Now all those clothes have to come off so let's get started.  Oh stop wriggling. 
Here we go one arm at a time again, first the jacket then the blouse and lets
loosen that bra too.  Now the other side and I'll just tie those wrists back to
the floor rings again.  I'm going to have to untie your ankles to get those
boots off.  Ouch, you kicked me; that's a no no.  You remember the old law of
science - for every action there is a reaction - well this is my reaction.



Hold still now, there, that's a nostril plug.  We'll just leave it in to cut
your air supply in half while I finish getting you naked.

Ok Miss Jane now we start getting you ready.  Wrists neatly crossed and tied
behind your back with another length of cord over like this to pull them up
between your shoulder blades.   Now a couple more lengths around your elbows to
the floor rings and then I'll just sit on your legs while I attach this spreader
bar to your ankles and back to the leg of the couch.  Don't go away I'll be
right back with the enema bag.

This nozzle is going to be a bit cold but it should warm up quickly as I push it
in like this.  Now we open the clamp on the bag and in it flows.  I'm going to
get a coffee.  Don't wriggle too much Jane because if you do manage to disturb
things and make a mess I will get very angry.

That coffee was good but now the bag is empty I'm going to change the nozzle for
this nice thick butt plug to hold everything in for a few more minutes.  Oh stop
moaning I had to do that quickly or you might have soiled the carpet.

What's that?  Are you moaning or panting?  Oh Jane, let me untie your elbows
from those floor rings and just roll you over on your back.  I thought so, your
nipples seem quite aroused and standing out from those firm young breasts.  I
bet they're sensitive too.  Let me see what happens when I use my tongue -
mmmmummm - you taste delicious and I was right wasn't I?  And what if I find
this other little nub down here and roll it between my fingers.  I think I
better take out that nostril plug - you seem to need all the air you can get. 
There - and here we go again.

Wow - you just arched right off the floor on your shoulders and heels; we'll
have to do that again later won't we?  But in the meantime let's get you over to
the bathroom and pull that nasty old plug out.





Up you come on to this chair - it has wheels and I'll just push you through and
now up and over to the toilet.  I'll just tie that spreader bar to the pedestal
and put on this rubber glove, now bend forward like a good girl and let me get a
hold of the plug.

Phew, well we'll just flush that away and I think we need to repeat the process
to make sure you're nice and clean.  Here's the nozzle now stop that or I'll
have to use the nose plug again.  While we're at it I might as well give you a
lovely scented douche.  After that little episode I think a complete cleaning is
in order.

Oh Jane, there go your nipples again.  Is it because of what I'm doing with my
fingers?  The rubber glove is all slippery, I bet it feels smooth doesn't it. 
Whoops, my fingers just slipped right inside, is that why you're groaning again? 
What happens when I wriggle them?  Oh now I'm going to have to clean you up all
over again.

That enema must be about finished so lean forward again, there that's much
better.  Here's a nice warm cloth and now a soft towel and your ready to go back
in the living room.

While I've got that bar on your ankles let me just spread your legs a bit more
and then I can fill those nice clean holes of yours.  This butt plug will need a
bit of lubrication but I think if I push and twist it like this it will go in. 
Just a couple more inches Jane and then it's done and I can see how much of this
nice big dildo will go in front.

Why am I not surprised, Jane the whole thing just slid right in that's over 6". 
Both those items are nice and flexible you know?  They have to be because once I
start your lesson in major bondage they will have to adjust a bit.

I'll just move that bar up to your knees now and see what we can do with you new
boots.  My, they are tight but don't they make your insteps arch like they have
never done before?  These laces are going to take some time but I don't mind. 
You might say it's a labour of love, Jane.



That bar has to go back down to your booted ankles again now.  There, I'll just
roll you on your stomach and tie your wrists back out to those floor rings while
I get this lovely whale boned corset on you.  It laces down the back so I need
your arms out of the way you see.  Well no I guess you can't see can you?  Never
mind I'll just keep telling you what's happening.

Those firm breasts have to go in these holes in the corset so let me just work
them through.  My, every time I touch them your nipples stand at attention
again.  This time though I think we should do something different.  I know here,
I think these clamps will keep them occupied while I lace this corset.  You have
to help me here Jane.  Now take a deep breath - remember the nose plugs please. 
That's a good girl.  Now do it again and I've nearly got the edges of the
leather touching.

It is a lovely piece of bondage art this corset it was very expensive. There are
all sorts of straps and places to attach things but first I must do something
with those arms.  A pair of nice long kid gloves laced way above the elbow and
then it might hurt a bit I'm afraid because the corset has finger sockets built
into it and they are around your shoulder blades.

We call it a variation on the reverse prayer position.  There now, that's the
back of your right hand and this strap across your elbow will hold the arm in
position while I just lace your fingers in their new homes and fasten this wrist
strap.  Wow, that was a real groan wasn't it?  Now the left one and now that
elbow strap needs just a little more pressure and those forearms are touching
nicely.

Well now Jane with your arms out of commission I think I can take off that
blindfold and let you see the rest of the process.  My, my you have been crying
haven't you?  What is it -those nasty nipple clamps?  Believe me, they'll hurt a
lot more if I take them off.






Now we have to just tie your ankles to those floor rings and get rid of the
spreader bar so I can get these latex panties up your legs. 

There, nice and snug and this strap goes from the point of your elbows through
your legs like this and I'll just pull it nice and tight to this buckle on the
front of your corset.  A few more straps around your legs at the thigh, like
this and the knee like this and the ankles like this and there you are, ready
for the last piece of leather wrapping.

You know I've been working so hard I forgot to have lunch and it is getting late
so you will just wait won't you while I have a snack; of course you will!

There now I'm back and have another nice drink for you.  Let's just peel that
old tape off and pull that rubber pad out but here's the nice big wedge to go
between your teeth and hold your mouth open while I feed you this.  It will have
to keep you going until after midnight - I told you tomorrow's a special day. 
Now this big ball gag will go in like this and I'll just tighten this strap at
the back of your neck and we'll get on with things.

Isn't it beautiful?  It's a full length lace up leather body suit and you get to
wear it.  These stirrups go under the heels of your new boots and if I just roll
you gently back and forth I can get your shoulders in where they belong. I think
we'll just leave those clamps on your oh so sensitive nipples shall we?  Now
here we go with the lacing again.  This is going to take quite a long time but
you'll feel so secure when I'm finished.

There now just this last little bit at your neck and aren't you a sight?  5' 4"
of sleek, tight black leather from those ballet boots to the top of your head. 
Well, not quite we must do something with that head and I have just the thing.

Oh Jane, don't start crying again.  Your all plugged and filled and clamped and
I can't pleasure you again because we are running out of time.


Now I'm afraid that gag has to go back in.  I'll just pull that ball out and use
my thumbs again to get the rubber pad nicely packed inside.  The rubber cover
over your teeth and then a nice piece of tape over your lips.  Now we need this
heavy rubber cap to cover your hair and look at this - we call it a discipline
helmet.

I'll be nice Jane - the helmet can wait for a while while I show you these
beautiful long leather straps.  I have to just get you up and kneeling on this
strap so I can use it to lock your thighs to your calves.  Maybe we should use
two or three more like this and now my dear Jane, I'm afraid I have to sit on
your shoulders to get these other straps around you.  These roller buckles do
work well don't they?

Now you're just like a leather ball - except for that head.  Well, the helmet
has to go on now.  These tubes go in your nose and here we are with some more
laces down the back of your head.  This last strap goes around your mouth like
this and these sidepieces come up to this ring at the top of your head like
this.

Just one last strap Jane from that ring to the middle of your back and we are
about done.

Gee, you're crying again.  I guess it is a little uncomfortable but your muscles
will soon adapt, I think!  Was that the doorbell, let me see.

It had been a very innocent remark.  A couple of months ago I was out shopping
with my brother and we went passed one of those video stores.  There was an
advertising poster in the window with a girl very amateurly bound and gagged. 
His eyes had gone wide and he said "Hey Sis', I wouldn't mind someone wrapped up
like that for my birthday".  I thought I knew just the right applicant for the
position.

Happy birthday, brother - just don't unwrap and play with her until you get
home!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anne Gray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





