BDSM Library - Janet's Ordeal




Janet's Ordeal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Janet is a courier during World War II. She is caught and first she is put into some really severe interrogation. When all this is done the Commandant decide to transfer her to a very cruel training block for female slaves. Here she is subjected to the most cruel, humiliating and painful treatment thinkable. The story is a role-play meaning it is written by a woman named janet and I.
Hi

This is a role-play I'm still writing on with a close cyber friend. If I do
receive some feedback from some readers I will upload the next parts as well but
if I can see it is not read by any body I don't think it is worth doing it.

You can write feedback to mickni2000@icqmail.com. Please write what you think
about it and which parts, torture, treatment and so on you did love mostly. We
will be happy to receive suggestions for improvements as well.

If you are a female and you while reading it feel really excited and you really
would like to be a part of a role-play then send me a letter telling about your
desires and your data then I will think about it and send you a letter if I
think we can combine it in a larger play. I promise to tell you my decision no
matter if I think we will be able to do it or not.

I think this will do it. Both janet and I really hope we will receive some
exciting and enjoyable feedback!!!

Greetings................

Mick

Janet is a courier during World War II. She is caught and first she is put into
some really severe interrogation. When all this is done the Commandant decide to
transfer her to a very cruel training block for female slaves. Here she is
subjected to the most cruel, humiliating and painful treatment thinkable. The
story is a role-play meaning it is written by a woman named janet and I.

Role-play janet

Our story:

Janet's ordeal, caught by the Nazis during WW II.

Initial chapter, Mick

Janet is a good-looking woman. Originally she comes from Australia but she has
been living in France for about 5 years. It wasn't easy during the time of the
war. Janet decided to do what was possible for her to help and joined the
resistance fighters as courier. It was an extremely dangerous job as the Nazis
were everywhere looking for peoples like her. Therefore they were trained to be
as anonymous as possible meaning they were supposed to live a life that looked
boring with almost no fun at all. This was the best way to be left alone by the
Nazis because they didn't think they did anything else than work, read, eat and
sleep. Below is the horrible story about what happened to Janet because she
despite she was careful not being found by the Nazis failed at last. Janet has
decided to tell the story herself no matter how hard it is to talk about.

It was a quite normal day. I was on my way back from work. It was too expensive
to go by bus and furthermore the buses had been cut drastic due to lack of money
during the war. It was about five kilometres. A nice trip giving me plenty of
time to thin about how to cope with my present condition. I was a little afraid
because I had had a lot of jobs for the resistance fighters because some of the
couriers were missing. Nobody exactly knew if they were caught or they just had
gone underground due to danger to be caught by the Nazis. One of my true friends
called Marina had been missing for about a year. I was really scared that she
presently was located at one of these horrible interrogations centre I had heard
so much about. I had not had contact with her for three years. Couriers were not
allowed to see each other. Then for six months ago I heard that her family had
received a letter signed by her telling that she had left the country. I was
just so happy to hear. Now this bloody war just had to end and then we can have
some fun together again. She looked behind her shoulder. It was like somebody
was following me. My heart started to beat a little faster and I increased the
speed to get home as quickly as possible. Then I heard it again but I still
couldn't see anybody. Then when a turned right around a corner something
terrible happened. In front of me stood two men with covered faces and out from
a door behind me came a third man. It all happened so quickly. One of the men
gripped my arms while one hold a cloth with some strong smelling fluid on it at
my nose. I desperately tried to get free but as the third man helped them it was
impossible. Then everything went dark and I don't remember what happened until I
awoke up again. I had a awful headache and tried to raise my hands to hold my
head but it was impossible. I had not yet opened my eyes. I had the feeling that
I was enclosed of something and I slowly opened my eyes. I closed them quickly
again in the hope that this just was a bad dream, a nightmare! Then I tried
again and I discovered that this was for real. I was trapped in a tiny, narrow
standing cage, which only left room for a human body to stand and nothing more.
I quickly discovered that I was standing completely nude in this cage! But what
scared me even more was to look at the surrounding around the cage. On almost
every single spot of one of the walls hang horrible looking devices. Whips,
strange head shaped devices, different types of dildo like devices some of them
with wires attached!, all kind of horrible masks some of them so sophisticated
that I couldn't even imagine what they could do to a woman like me. There were a
lot of other devices one looking more evil than another device. Everywhere in
the room hang chains connected to rings in the wall, the floor or the ceiling.
It wasn't difficult to imagine the use as a lot of them already had manacles or
cuffs attached. I was alone in the room, my bladder was full and I had no chance
to go to a toilet. I just had to wait in a tiny cage in this torture chamber and
await somebody to enter and tell me what all this was about.
(see pic attached)

.............................

Outside the room stood Mick, the commandant of the prison and Ilsa, educated
doctor and chief interrogator of this centre for extracting information of these
creeps.

"She is awake. That was quickly!" Mick said satisfied to Ilsa.

"I'm happy to hear. I really think she is one of the good ones able to provide
the Nazis with a lot of excellent information. The more we know the more we can
protect our brave soldiers from these animals of resistance fighters. They just
deserve to be tortured! I will visit her and tell her a little about how
exciting her stay will be for her. Don't you think she is looking forward to
hear about it? I can see she is already nicely covered with fear sweat. That is
certainly a good sign!!"  Ilsa said laughing evilly.

"I really hope you are right. You are supposed to extract information as quickly
as possible. The headquarter really need names!" Mick said

"Names, names, quick, quick, I feel sick hearing this! I feed them with
information and they still want more and more. What do they expect? Do they
expect that a woman like this one will tell me everything and be calm like a
sheep? No, but it is really a pleasure for me that they don't" Ilsa said with a
broad smile at her face

"I don't think you can imagine how exciting it is doing things like this?
Sometimes I have several orgasms during a torture session. I continuously find
new ways of extracting information. It is just so exciting and enjoyable. You
have to join me sometime and feel how exciting it is!" Ilsa said clearly excited
just to think about it.

"It will be my pleasure. Maybe this slut was a good one to watch? I will think
about it!" Mick said

"Good! OK, enough talking work is calling!" Ilsa said while walking towards the
thick steel door to the chamber. It was signed "restricted area only authorised
personnel" She took a key from the pocket in her leather pants and unlocked the
door. 

......................................

"Now they comes" I was thinking

The heavy steel door was opened and a extremely good-looking middle aged woman
in a tight fitting leather outfit entered. Attched to her broad leather belt was
a pair of handcuffs, a leather whip at the right side and a strange looking
device at the left side. I was about to say something as her voice boomed out

"REMAIN SILENCE UNLESS I ASK YOU SOMETHING" she cried out.

She walked around my cage for quite a long time without saying anything. I
really felt embarrassed standing naked like this while a complete stranger was
looking at me like this. Then she nodded with a smile of satisfaction at her
face.

"It looks just perfect. I'm sure I will have a lot of fun with you! I welcome
you!! My name is Ilsa, I'm the chief interrogator of this excellent prison for
animals like you. For me you are just a worthless piece of meat who happens to
contain some information that we would like to have! Or will you tell me right
now?" Ilsa said smiling again.

"I don't know what you think I can tell you. I'm just a normal woman who works
on a factory and live in a small apartment. I almost have no family and only a
few friends. What do you think I know?" I tried to cheat her

"Nice try my darling! I have heard this story before. They all say but later
they change their mind as you will!! Just wait and see!" Ilsa answered.

"By the way, I have a surprise for you! Do you know a slut named Marina?" Ilsa
asked while looking carefully at me.

Now it really was dangerous. I had to be cold.

"No I don't. I only knows a few and I have never heard this name" I answered

"Strange, because you have been seen with her. Then I don't think you mind if I
show you something. Marina has been very stubborn but now it doesn't matter
anymore as we by other means have got the information we think she know. As she
has been so stubborn we have....lets say kind of rewarded her. She is kept here
as an example for women like you! She is severely tortured, then she is treated
by our excellent nurses in order to make her ready for a new session. Right now
she has been allowed to relax a little. I will show you how comfortable she is
stored" Ilsa said while pressing a button. Within a few minutes the steel door
was opened again and in came a guard wheeling a cage tinier than my cage. I
really didn't think it was possible to be folded like this.

"Marina, the woman you don't know have had a nice rest in this excellent
"apartment" for more than 24 hours. Don't you think it would be a good idea
asking her how she is?" Ilsa asked smiling again
.......................................


Add 1, Mick
"How are you Marina, having a good time as usual?" Ilsa asked smiling evilly at
her
Marina knew it meant severe punishment not answering this sadistic woman.
"I'm in terrible pain! Please let me out, just for a moment so I can move my
sore muscles!" Marina was begging.
I really felt sick. I just wished I could have talked to her to make her know I
was thinking on her as I knew she was at me. But I just had to pretend that I
didn't know her at all or at least didn't know her well.
"Oh my dear, you have only been in this nice cage half of the time I have
scheduled you to stay in your present conditions. You just have to be patience
and stop pleading likes a child. This is nothing compared what I have in store
for you!" Ilsa said laughing.
"Well my French slut, now you have seen what happens to stubborn resistance
fighters. Don't you think it would be wise of you to tell us what we need to
know and what you will tell us sooner or later?" Ilsa asked me.
"I have already told you that I know nothing! You really got the wrong person!"
I tried.
"Interesting! Does this means that you know who that will be able to tell us?"
Ilsa asked
"I really have nothing to do with the resistance fighters. I can't tell you
anything! Can I please use a toilet?" I asked her.
"Sure you can, later. I don't have the key right now. I will go and get the key
as we obviously can't persuade you that it is better telling us what you know
right now" Ilsa answered and left the room again. The door was again locked from
the outside.
I waited for a long time. Now I really was in an urgent need to pee I really had
difficulties holding it back anymore. Then I heard a noise at the door. Though I
was scared like hell I was nevertheless happy as this might mean I was allowed
to use a toilet.
Ilsa actually were a good-looking woman in her tight nazi dress though she
wasn't twenty-five anymore. I guess she was in the late thirties.   She wore
long black boots and she had shoulder long light blond hair. She actually looked
pretty good. Her breasts looked huge and well shaped in the tight dress.
"Please let me use a toilet" I begged her
"I'm so sorry. I forgot the key again. What a fool I am! I have been thinking
that as you obviously won't tell me what I want to know right now I have to make
some arrangements for you. I hope you like the 'apartment' because you will
probably spend a lot of time in this nice cage during your 'vacation' here."
Ilsa told me
"I will leave you now and let you enjoy your stay but I will return soon with
the key for your cage. When you have emptied your bladder we will have to make
some tests on you in order to make sure you will be able to take our 'kind'
treatment" Ilsa said laughing while she left the room slamming the door shut and
locking it from the outside again.
Why in heaven did she have to lock it I was wondering trying to find a
comfortable position in this awful cage. The steel bars was pressing evilly to
my body no mater how I did arrange the position. My legs were hurting being
forced to stand in upright position for that long. My back was arching as well.
It really was a hell and it didn't make it better when I looked at all these
scaring devices.
Then the door opened again and I look scared at the opening to see what was to
come. But it wasn't Ilsa who entered. It was a nazi man. He walked around the
cage looking at my naked body without saying a word. I was just so embarrassing
standing nude like this and just has to accept this nazi pig to look at me.
Then he started speaking in a friendly tone.
"I welcome you. I'm truly sorry they have caged you like this but it is
necessary, as you haven't told us anything yet. My name is Mick. I'm the
commandant of this prison and interrogation centre. It is quite easy for you
getting more comfortable. Just tell us what we need to know and you will be
transferred t a much more comfortable cell with toilet and a nice bed as well.
Have you anything to tell me?" he asked me.
"I have already told you what I know. I only a worker who has to work to survive
and that is all I can tell. I don't have anything to do with the resistance
fighters as you claim. Please let me use the toilet!" I told once more. I have
learned at school that it was important to choose a simple explanation and stay
with this as long as I could.
"Ilsa has the only key. He will come back in a minute. You just have to be
patience for a few minutes more! I really think it is too bad that you continue
to tell us that you don't know anything. We all know that you have something to
do with it. Your friend has already told us. Did you see how bad she was? She
had been rather stupid. She waited too long with telling us! We had to make an
example and she has been chosen to help us with this. I think she is sorry that
she did as she did. We use her for testing new equipment and she really doesn't
like it! Her schedule is to test equipment and then she is taken to our 'kind '
hospital and 'repaired' again. When this is done she returns to Ilsa! You have
already met Ilsa. She just knows how to extract information from women! Women
are much better interrogating women. Sometimes they are even better
interrogating men as well. Ilsa do it all and she seems to love it. She is
really good finding new ways of doing her job. She has actually creates almost
all of the equipment on the walls. She has of course read the old books telling
hoe to do it. But she almost never uses the equipment as it was originally
designed. She has always some interesting improvements. But I'm sure she will
tell you about all this later. In the meantime just make yourself comfortable
and enjoy the stay. And remember to tell us if you due to an appointment decide
to leave" Mick said laughing loudly while leaving the room.
Again I was alone in my cage. Then the unavoidable happened. I couldn't hold
back any longer. I tried to cry out in the hope that somebody would come and
take me to a toilet but nobody came as they had promised me. Well, I can't keep
it inside me anymore. I just have to do it right here. I started to piss and it
really felt good though I soiled the floor of the cage as well as my legs. I was
standing on a kind of crating cutting with sharp edges cutting into my feet.
Then it started! I had pissed for a few seconds when a sudden pain hit my feet.
The cage floor was connected to some wires and my piss obviously did trig the
current to start flow. I screamed in pain. It was like small needles were forced
into my bare soles and it just continued. Then I got the idea to take a good
grip in the bars and lift my feet free of the crating. The pain stopped but it
certainly wasn't easy to hold my body in this position within the cramped space.
I started to cry out loudly again still hoping that this was a mistake and that
somebody would come and make it stop. Within a few minutes I didn't manage to
keep my feet free of the crating any longer and I carefully tried to touch the
crating with my toes. The current was gone and I could stand again. But my
bladder still was full. What could I do? I decided to try to find a position
making it possible to lift my feet free of the crating and then to start pissing
again. I actually did manage to find a pretty comfortable position and then I
started pissing again. But this time it was different. This time the bars were
conductive as well. The current made my fingers cramp around the bars making it
impossible to let loose. The pain was so intense that I couldn't keep my feet
free of the crating. I discovered that the crating was conductive as well. The
pain just continued. I totally lost bladder control and the piss just continued
to flow. I knew this meant that the current would no stop, at least not as long
as I did piss.
"AAAAAAAAAoooooHHHHHHHH, make it stop" I screamed frantically trying to find a
solution. But there was no way out f his save for waiting until it stopped
again. My whole body was shaking and I was sweating heavily making my body even
more conductive. It just continued and continued. I could feel how the current
drained all my strength and I was beginning to feel weak and like I was about to
faint. The current made my body feel like it was boiling. Would it ever stop
again? Then it suddenly stopped again ad I feel of the bars within my cramped
space. My back did hit the bars behind me adding more pain. I was breathing
heavily while the sweat kept on running down my naked body.
After a short while I heard the door being unlocked and inside the room stepped
Ilsa.
"Hi, my disgusting French bitch. How miserable you look! What have you been
doing? Oh my dear, I'm terrible sorry I have forgotten! The current has not been
switched off since the last 'visitor'. It really wasn't meant to be turned on. I
can imagine that you have this very disappointing bladder control meaning you
have soiled the cage with your dirty piss it really smells like you have done
it. You know that piss is conductive and the piss is running into a funnel below
the floor with a very tiny hole for draining it. As long as there is piss in the
funnel the current will flow in the cage. I guess you have already noticed that"
Ilsa said laughing loudly

........................
Add 2, janet

   "Well we can't have you making a mess like this can we, you'll be shitting
all over the place next and we are not going to be standing in your foul wastes
and smelling them either...Nurse will give you the correct treatment to avoid
that!"

   As Ise finished her little speech two young guards in uniform came forward
and release me from my tight cage and taking hold of my elbows marched me acroos
the room to a waist high table on wich I was made to lie on my back. A uniformed
guard who looked a bit like a nurse came forward and looked down at me, while
the two male guards busied themselves restraining my arms and legs.

   "Well, Yvette, my little French slut have you decided to tell us all yet?"
enquired the Nurse.

   I firmly shook my head from side to side in response.

   "as you wish, responded the Nurse, but don't blame me for what happens."

   "Please," I muttered, "this is so embarrassing to be spread like this with
these men moving about"

   At this there was an outburst of laughter.

   "Oh dear, the little French slut doesn't like her exposed position...tut,
tut," smirked the sneering Nurse, and promptly touched a button nearby. There
was a sudden whirr of machinery and my legs started to rise, higher and higher
until my ankles came to rest beside my ears. "There now how's that...better,"
she sneered, "now boys you can get a really good look at what the slut has to
offer...now, now, don't get too excited boys, I am sure you will get your chance
to enjoy her, but later, ok?"

   All I could was to roll my head from side to side in utter humiliation as I
saw their straining cocks grow even bigger inside their trousers and imagined
what my ultimate might well be.

   "It's going to get a lot worse before it gets better honey." She said
spreading my bottom apart. Her cool finger then popped into my little hole and
twisted around. I made a loud groan, but then have you changed your mind
yet...no?...oh well you soon will," she intoned.

   "This is just my finger and I'm sure you've had bigger than that up here in
your time, if not, you soon will, won't she boys?"

   I turned a bright red as she said this. She pulled her gloved finger from my
bottom and cleaned it off. The tissue she used to wipe her finger was stained
brown. I turned a shade redder.

   "We're going to have to get you cleaned out....looks as if your quite full."

   She opened two foil things and placed them between my legs. I turned my head
away not wanting to watch her. She spread my  butt cheeks wide as the male
guards watched with interest and quickly inserted one and then another
suppository into my bottom. And I groaned once more at the invasion.


   I heard water running and I felt the suppositories start to work. It was not
long before the cramping started and the urge to shit becam more and more
intense.

   "You'd better hold it, dearie, or Kurt here will lash your pretty ass for
you." said the Nurse.

   I struggled to do so, pinching my asshole as tight as possible. As I was just
at my limit, the bench just below my ass slid back and revealed a large bucket
hanging below.

   "Right you can let go now"...The room filled with a foul smell as my bowel
emptied, my wastes rattling down into the bucket beneath. I closed my eyes to
blot out the image of the sneering male guards, when I opened them again, I
watched as the nurse rolled a IV pole over to the table and on it hung a clear
bag filled with milky white fluid. The Nurse parted my ass cheeks, wiped my
asshole, stuck her finger in and out a few times then the nozzle was firmly
pushed into me.

   "UGGHHH" I groaned as the water gushed up into my insides...Cramps hit me, I
struggled to absorb the pain and soon the bag was in me. She forced a fat butt
plug into my asshole and said that I would have to wait ten minutes for it to
work. And work it did, junk spewed out of me like a waterfall when she roughly
pulled the plug from me and just when I thought it was over more and more came
out.

   The nurse hung another bag this time with clear fluid and soon the water
filled me again. Again I was plugged and waited, squirming as far as the
restraints would allow me. Junk still poured out of me when the plug was again
removed but it was mostly water. The Nurse gazed thoughtfully into the bucket
with her nose curling from the smell and declared, "Looks like you will need one
more." She said as she looked into the bucket and saw brown chunks in there.  I
took my third enema. This time the water ran clear from my insides.

   "Now you will be shaved," declared the Nurse...oh god no, another
humiliation. The watching guards grinned down at me.I think you can help me with
this, boys," sneered the Nurse.

   The male guards moved to either side of the table as the Nurse then lathered
me and started to take the hair from between my legs, as the guards stretched
and pulled my pussy lips wide. I started to sniffle as tears came to my eyes.

   "Stop that, I said before this is just like play time, compared to what you
will soon suffer if you do not cooperate with us. If you change you mind now and
decide to tell us all, you will probably released, given a smack on the wrist
and sent on your way...well?"

   Again I moved my head from side to side..."OK, dearie, don't say I didn't
warn you.

   Just then the door opened and in walked Ilsa.........................


Add 3, Mick

"Hi my sweety, having fun? You like my nurses? They are all 'kind' and
experienced in doing this kind of things. You still have nothing to tell us? "
Ilsa asked but she didn't wait for an answer, she just turned towards the nurses

"How did she manage the enemas"

"She did make a lot of noise and sobbed like a child but nothing particularly to
tell" one of the nurses answered.

"Hmmmm, Interesting I think I got an idea. But first I want you to put her back
in the cage. I think she like this 'apartment'!" Ilsa said smiling at me.

The two nurses did release me and then they dragged me to the cage and almost
threw me inside making my body hit the bars causing me more pains. Then the door
was clang shut and I was again trapped inside this awful tiny cage.

"You know about the funnel and the current. But what do you think if will happen
if I operate this switch?" she asked me

I didn't dare to answer. I thought my answer wouldn't matter anyway but then I
decided to answer as I was terrible afraid of the current. It just did hurt so
much.

"No please, not the current again!!! I just can' take it anymore" I tried

"Oh sweet slut janet, you are afraid?" Ilsa asked while operating the switch.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAooooooooooHHHHHHHHhhhh, stoooooooopppp it" I screamed frantically
while jumping the best I could in the cage though it didn't seem to help at all.

They all stood watching me with these evil and exciting looks at their faces.
These bitches just love to watch me suffer!!! It seemed like hours before Ilsa
finally switched the current off again.

"Please let don't do this to me anymore!" I told them sobbing like a child.

Add 3, Jemma

With the current off now, I stood humiliated in front of Ilsa. My thighs, legs
and feet soaked with my own urine. "P p please Mistress or whatever you are
called, please let me go, I really know nothing, I am not in the resistance and
you have made a terrible mistake." I heald onto the bars of the cage as Isla
nodding her head and smirking walked towards me. When she reached the cage, she
wrapped her leather gloved hand around mine on the bar and flicked a remote
controle switch in her hand. Imediately, electricity started to course through
the floor and bars of the cage again. She held my hand on the bar not letting it
up. The electricity coursed through my feet, up my legs and especially through
my hand, gripping the bar.
I screammed "AAAarrrggghhhh Ppppleasee Nnnnoooooo!!!" and jumped from one foot
to the other.

Ilsa leaned closer to the electrified cage and whispered to me "I don't really
care weather you are part of the resistance or not you silly little slut, in
fact, if you are, I hope you don't tell us a fucking thing! Do you know why you
stupid little blond bitch? Because I will enjoy torturing you anyway. I am not
going to ask you any questions, none at all. I will just come here to watch you
suffer, I will torture you in ways you never believed imaginable, I will drive
you sexually wild with lust, I will have the guards rape you, I'm sure they will
find you attractive, a tall trim blond haird little bitch like
you. In fact, I will even let the guard dogs have a piece of you too, after all,
they do more for the 3rd Reich than you do." With that she let go of my hand and
walked to the rack against the far wall. The power still coursing through the
bars and floor, I sobbed, trying to stand on my tip toes to lessen the pain.
Each time I lost my ballance, my nipples would hit the bars, sending jolts of
pain throught the whole of my breasts.

Isla returned to me carrying what looked like shackles, she turned off the
tortuous power, bent down and attached one each to my ankles, then on each to my
wrists. Then she lifted my arms, raising them above my head and attached them
both to the top of the cage. My ankles she attached to the sides of the cage,
effectively spreading me. She took some crocodile clips and lifting each breast,
she attached one to each of my nipples. I screamed and tried to back away
from her as she did this, but she just squashed the whole of my breast and
attached the sharp toothed clip to my nipple anyway. I sreamed again and pleaded
with her as she knelt down and reached between my legs, parting my pussy lips
and exposing my clitoris.
"AAAARRRGGGHHH Pleasssee noooo No don't do this to meEEEEE!" It was too late,
she had attached another
crocodile clip to my aching clitoris. The pain shooting right through my body,
almost making me faint. "Oh one last thing before I forget, and she attached
wires to the crocodile clips and used a long length to connect them to the bars
of the cage.

I was sobbing to myself as she started tugging on a pulley that was attached to
the celing, over my head now hung a huge water bottle. A tube attached to it she
threaded through the bars at the top of the cage, hanging just in front of my
face. She reached up and turned a tap on the bottle.

"I explained to you what happes if water touches the base of the cage didnt I
bitch? Well this tap dripping a little water at a time, will fill that tube
under tha cage and send shocks direct to your wrists and ankles. Oh yes, and of
course to your pert little nipples and that slutty cunt of yours too. The only
way to stop it happening is to drink the water! Now,
I'm going home, its the end of my shift, I will see you in the morning my slut,
sleep well my dear." With that, she left, closing the door behind her. I sobbed,
sagging  alittle but supported by my arms. The water slowly trickling down my
body. I had to drink it to save myself! So opening my mourh, I drank the water
theat trickled down the tube. I wondered how long it would take to drain the
whole bottle, and prayed she would be back soon. . . . .

Add 3, Mick

I was in a miserable condition. I could smell how my body was soiled with my own
piss and felt just disgusting. The stay in the tiny standing cage had been made
even worse by the shackles. Now I could almost not move at all making my whole
body arch due to the unavoidable pain, which comes when you have to stand in the
same position for a long time. I had until now managed to drink the water and
thereby avoided the terrible current both in my legs and arms both what scared
me more was if I failed and had to take the current at my most sensitive private
spots.  The clamps did cause me a lot of discomfort just hurting so much though
it had decreased in strength because the blood didn't flow much there due to the
squeezing. I looked terrified at the large bottle above me. It still contained a
huge amount of water. Would I be able to take all this? I just continued to
tickle with an endless stream of water, which if I failed drinking it would
cause me a lot of pain. How could anybody be as cruel as this to me. But I just
had to endure it for some time. I just couldn't let the brave resistance
fighters down by telling these mean peoples their names. I had to take it and
continue to tell that I knew nothing about it. Oh god, make her come back and
release me from this ordeal soon!!! I was desperately thinking knowing that it
probably would not happen in the next couple of hours. She was probably sleeping
like a child right now dreaming about me suffering all these terrible pains and
discomfort. I was wondering for how long I had been in this awful cage....it
really seemed like days to me!!! I just longed to be in my own bed having a nice
and uncomplicated sleep. I just had to concentrate on drinking all this water. I
could feel how my belly increased in size. I would not be able to hold on for
much longer and there still was so much water left in the bottle. Then the
unavoidable happened!! I had almost forgot but now it just remained clear to me.
What goes in must out again!! I was in an urgent need to pee!! "Oh no, I was
thinking, not this too!!!" I was thinking. I tried to exercise within the
limitations of my restraints to make my body sweat and thereby get rid of the
water. It almost didn't help as I could not move much. Furthermore the grating
on which I was standing did hurt my feet a lot. I desperately tried to hold the
piss back but after what seemed to hours to me I just couldn't hold back any
longer. I tried to control the stream of piss to be sprayed out of the cage but
my restraints didn't leave room for this. Like a movie in slow motion I saw how
the piss escaped my cunt and started the journey down towards the cage floor. I
just knew too well what would happen when it did hit the floor and disappeared
into the funnel below the crating. I tried to prepare my body for the
unavoidable pain, which would surely follow. I had seen the lamp that indicated
when the cage was electrified. I did light off when Ilsa switched the current
off. Now it was on telling me that Ilsa had not forgotten to switch it on. Now
the piss did hit the crating splashing at my feet and then it disappeared
through it. Now it would only last a few seconds before it started.
"Oh please, let it fail!!! Let the system have a malfunction" I was thinking but
I was wrong. It certainly did work!!
"AAAAuuuuUUUUuuuuhhhHHHhhhhhh, make it stop!!!" I screamed out.
The current just flowed all over my body. The hands and feet was nothing
compared to my sensitive nipples and cunt. It felt like thousands of needles
were pressed into my body. My muscles cramped and my whole body was shaking of
the pain. I stopped pissing because my urethra cramped as well cutting of the
stream of piss. I knew it would last for some time as all the piss had to escape
the small hole in the funnel before the current switched off. Furthermore the
water continued to tickle and I just couldn't drink while the current was
flowing through my body. I felt like my jaws cramped as well during the ordeal.
After what seemed like hours to me the current did finally stop and I stood
there sobbing with a body cowered with sweat. I just felt pain in every muscle
in my body. Especially my nipples and my clit did cause me a lot of pain and it
just felt like it would never stop hurting.
"How stupid! Drinking the water just slowed down the process and Ilsa dammed
knew this!!! She knew I wouldn't be able to keep all this water inside me. Now I
knew why she had this large evil smile at her face when telling me that all I
had to do was to drink the water. I didn't help me at all. It just added to the
discomfort as I would do all I could to hold back and this just added to the
extreme discomfort within this awful cage" I was thinking sobbing like a child.
How would I ever be able to go through this? And Ilsa had told me that this was
only the beginning!! Furthermore I didn't even know if telling her what I knew
would mean no more torture. This perverted woman just loved to tort women and
she had told me she actually did hope I would tell her nothing at all!! She did
even expect me to satisfy her orally!! Ough...just to think about my head buried
into her filthy cunt!! It just made me feel sick but I knew there would  be
absolute nothing I could do about it. It just made me sob even more. It really
was like the worst nightmare you could think on. But this was for real!! I would
not just wake up covered with fear sweat. The sweat and the pain was for real.
I did manage to go through the night with "only" two more of this terrible pain
experiences due to the awful current flowing in my body. I was just so tired and
every muscle in my body felt like hell due to the pain and cramps. My back was
hurting being forced to stand in the same position for so long. It felt like my
bladder was about to explode due to all the water, which it had to contain. I
was desperately fighting to hold back. I didn't think I would be able to take
one more amount of the current without fainting.
Then I heard a key in the door and it was opened. Into to the terrible torture
chamber stepped Ilsa. But she was not alone. Behind her came a young woman
extremely good looking. She was dressed  like Ilsa in these long Nazi leather
boots, leather pants and a white coatdress like doctors normally wear. She
wasn't more than 25 years old with long black hair curled up behind the back of
her head.
"Good morning my filthy miserable slut, have you had a good night of sleep?"
Ilsa asked laughing loudly.
"I can see on the system that you have used our current three times during the
night. Did you like it a lot?" she asked again.
I remained silence. It was of no use answering this evil woman.
"ANSWER ME WHEN I ADRESS YOU OR I SWITCH ON THE CURRENT!!!" Ilsa shouted at me.
Scared like hell that she would do it I answered her.
"No, I'm just so tired and my body hurts so much. Please let me out of this
cage. You got the wrong person! I know nothing and I'm of no use to you at all"
I answered her
"Wrong again! You means a lot to me. Even if you are right I still love you!!
Try to imagine how much pleasure you can give me and my friends!! You are doing
exactly what I want as I want you to be in extreme pain. It really turns me on!!
Right now I can feel my juices begin to flow and this is caused by your
excellent performance. You are nothing than a pain slut to me and it is just a
pleasure to test how much you can take!!" Ilsa said laughing again.
"Only for you I have brought with me this excellent woman. Let me introduce
Helga to you. She has just graduated as doctor. As we are both doctors you are
in good hands. We will make sure you be in good health during our tests. We
don't want you to pass out. A fainted woman doesn't suffer pain for us." Ilsa
said smiling again and looked at my face to see my reaction.
"Helga is brand new meaning she doesn't have any experience in this. She just
loves to inflict pain to women so you will have a lot of fun with her. I will be
with you most of the time to supervise her in the work needed to make a slut
like you talk. We will now take you out of this excellent 'apartment' and
prepare you for the next event. First I think you need to pee. You will piss
into this pail. Maybe we can use you own piss for something interesting later,
who knows?" Ilsa said while Helga switched off the current for the cage and
started to remove the chains from the shackles. She let the shackles remain on
my feet and hands. Then she locked my hands behind the back and approached the
clamps.
"Are you ready for this?" she asked me gripping the right nipple clamp
"Does it matter at all?" I asked her
"No, you are right" she answered and removed the clamp quickly.
"AAAAAAaaaaaaauuuuhhhHHHH" I screamed out as the blood and the feeling came back
to the nipple. I just wanted so badly to be able to care the nipple but it was
impossible due to the shackles holding my hands at the back.
"Don't be such a baby!!! You have tried nothing yet but don't worry, we have
plenty of time. And now for the left one!" Helga said smiling evilly at me.
"AAuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhHHH" I screamed again sobbing like a child. It felt like the
pain would never end and now I felt pain in both nipples.
"Now it is going to be interesting!!" she said while rubbing both cunt lips with
her right hand while gripping the clit clamp with the left.
Though I felt pain in the nipples I couldn't help being sexually aroused due to
the gentle touch. I just didn't want to and I turned red in the head desperately
trying not to react to the touch. She was a woman and I really didn't want to
show her it was nice.
"Ahhhh, you like this my little whore. How about this?" she asked while removing
the clit clamp. Immediately it felt like thousands of needles put through my
most sensitive part of the body. I was sweating heavily and my whole body was
shaking of pain.
The two evil women just stood beside my cage and enjoyed my suffering. Ilsa had
actually a hand between her legs while caring her right nipple with the other
hand. The look at her face just oozed of sexual excitement and all this caused
by my suffering of pain. She was just the most perverted and evil woman I had
ever met!!
"Isn't it lovely?" Ilsa asked Helga
"Sure it is!! I'm sure we will have a lot of fun with her as well as the guards
will have when we let them abuse her filthy mouth, cunt and ass!!" Helga
answered laughing loudly.
"I think she is ready for the next step. First we need her to empty her filthy
bladder and the we will move on with her! Will you take care of this" Ilsa asked
Helga.
"Sure, it will be my pleasure" Helga answered and opened the cage door and
dragged me out of the cage towards the pain.
"Now sit on this pail and piss like hell and do it quick!!" she shouted at me
I did as I was told scared like hell. It was just so embarrassing and
humiliating to be forced to piss on a pail before these evil women. But there
was nothing I could do about it.
"Hurry up!! Push!! We don't have all day for this!!" she shouted at me
"OK, now over to this bath tub" Helga said while dragging me hardly with her.
Within a few minutes I was chained spread-eagled on this tub with my ass
pointing highly in the air.
"You see this?" she asked me holding a dildo likely device with a tube at the
end close to my head.
"It's an inflatable butt plug but much better than the previous one. Look!!" she
said while operating the rubber bulb. The dildo increased in size.
"You see, there is almost no limit. Can you imagine how it will feel like when
it is inserted deep in your filthy ass hole?" she asked me.
"Oh no, don't do this to me" I begged her.
"This is exactly what we will do. But before this we will put two suppositories
up deeply in your bowel. Then we will plug you and fill you with water until it
feels like you are about to explode. And then we will just wait. You know how it
is to be in an urgent need to shit but you just can't? This time I think we will
make you have this 'pleasure' for a long time as we will let it remain inside
you until you are ready to do anything to be allowed to relieve yourself. There
is really no limit for how long we will keep you filled. Only if you faint as a
fainted woman don't endure pain for us" She instructed me laughing loudly.
"We are doing this to clean you well as we don't want you to shit on us during
the 'tests'. I know we have already done it once but we can't be sure if there
is some of your filthy shit left can we?" She said while pushing the two
suppositories deep up in my ass using her rubber gloved index finger. Then she
inserted the huge butt plug and started to inflate effectively sealing the
suppositories in my bowel and started to squeeze the bulb.
"AAAAoooooohhhhhH, stopppppp take it out" I screamed while I could feel how it
increased in size inside me.
"Shut up, it is only the beginning of your ordeal!! You have felt nothing yet!!"
she said laughing loudly just continuing to operate the rubber bulb. First when
I just scremed and screamed lie I ever had done before she stopped.
"Now I think we are ready for the water. You see the bottle in front of you. It
is only for you. You will be able to see the amount of water, which flows up
inside your filthy bowel only for you to clean you up!!" she said while
attaching the tube to my butt plug.
I knew it was only a matter of time before the water would start to fill my
bowel. Would it ever stop?

Add 4, janet

   As I waited, holding my breath for the sudden in rush of water through my
rectum. I suddenly realised what a sight I must look. The thought made me blush
to the roots of my hair. Spread-eagle and bent double over this tub with my bare
spread ass tight and raised high in the air, with my cheeks spread so wide as to
reveal all my private and personal places to anyone who was nearby.

   The thought petrified me. I was completely restrained and could do nothing to
help myself, utterly at the mercy of these two sadistically minded women, who
seemed to get great delight out of tormenting me. I was beginning to believe
that they already knew that even if I talked I could tell them little or nothing
more than they already knew, but still they continued to torture me in this
incredibly painful manner, seemingly just for their own perverted sexual
pleasure.

   At that moment I could feel the two suppositories begin to do their intended
work deep inside my bowel and the discomfort began to grow along with the
rumblings and growlings and the pain of the resultant cramps. My thoughts were
now totally consumed by dealing with the increasing pain as Helga released the
tap to allow the fluid to enter my rectum and flow deeply into my already
churning bowel.

   I could vaguely the personal and insulting remarks that the two women were
passing between them as the increasing pain of the cramps in my belly brought
gasping and tears to my eyes.

   "She seems to really enjoying herself now," smirked Ilsa, "would you like to
talk now, dearie and relieve your pain?"

   "Please. please, stop this, and let me expel," I begged.

   "You don't listen, do you, slut, talk to us and we will consider your request
Helga responded..."thick in the head aren't they these stupid females...you have
a lot more liquid to take yet." I heard her say as I shook my head, gritting my
teeth, determined not to crack and put my colleagues in jeopardy of arrest and
similar torture.

   "I think we are now beginning to really get somewhere," commented Ilsa as I
continued to sob, "see how nicely her belly is extending under the pressure of
...the fluid, a little more and then we will leave her to her thoughts for a
while."

   As she spoke, the door opened and the Commandant entered, I heard the two
women click their heels restfully standing at attention and then felt what was
left of my hair grabbed and my head was roughly pulled upwards and I looked into
steely unsympathetic eyes, glaring directly into mine...I looked pleadingly
through tear dimmed eyes, but received no response...

   "You are doing well ladies, but no response yet I expect?"

   "Not yet," answered Ilsa.

   "Hmmm! Yes you do love to stretch these interrogations out don't you ladies,
I understand, but I have complete faith in your ultimate success," he sneered.

   "Come let us leave this obstinate slut to consider her position and cope with
the pain of your treatment."

   The three of the moved towards the door as I moaned and begged for release,
only to be firmly ignored as the door closed with a bang.

Add 5 jemma


Sobbing uncontrollably now, I struggled at the bonds that held me firm. Pulling
on the cuffs that held my wrists and trying to free my ankles from the similar
cuffs that held me so spread, exposed and vulnerable. My belly was slowly
extending even more from the liquid that was left to trickle into my ass trough
the huge inflatable butt plug that I could not expel. How long would they leave
me this time? Surely they wouldn't just let me explode! Over filled, ripping my
stomach open!! How horrific, the thought didn't even bare thinking about. I
heard the door and was almost grateful that the Commandant and his cronies had
returned.

"One other thing Frauline, my colleagues tell me you don't seem to be responding
very well to our treatment of you, perhaps another tactic will help you change
your mind." Whilst he was talking,  Ilsa was turning off the enema drip and
removed the tube going to my rectum. Each tug and movement of her hand on the
butt plug in my ass sent churning ripples through my bowels and I moaned in
discomfort. "ooohhhh please let it out of me, please stop this. This is
inhumane, please let
me go!"

Isla was busying herself at a table near the side of the room, Mick the
Commandant meanwhile ran his hand roughly over my now exposed shaven pussy.
Prodding at my sex, pulling at my lips, pinching them. When he pushed three then
four fingers into me, twisting and turning them to the point of pain and started
flicking my exposed clit, I screamed and bucked my hips in a vain effort to make
him stop. The pain was incredible, again and again he flicked my little bud of
nerves sending shots of pain through my sex. "We found these pictures of you at
your apartment you little resistance slut". Ilsa held up two pictures of me
sitting on the bed in stockings and heels, they were taken by my boyfriend, he
had great fun making me pose for the camera. "So my dear you are not only a
member of the resistance, it seems you are a slut and a tart as well. As you
seem to like sex so much my dear, we will endeavour to quench your thirst for
such deviations". I started to sob as he spoke, his fingers still deep inside
me. "Ppplease please they are just fun pictures my boyfriend took, nothing more,
they are quite innocent, please please let me go!"

Isla walked up beside the Commandant pushing a trolley on wheels, a steel tray
in the top. "Mmmm yes Isla, lets have her ringed". The Commandant removed his
fingers from my pussy and raised them to his face, licking his fingers as he
moved towards my head, smiling at me. "Oh Jemma, how on earth did you get
yourself into this? Nice pictures though slut, I think I will keep them".

All of a sudden, I felt Isla's fingers on my sex, parting my lips and reaching
for my clitoris, pulling
it out from under it hood. It wasn't sexual at all, almost as if she was doing
something she had done a
thousand times before and found it quite boring. I felt her rubbing my clit,
applying a cream or
something. As soon as she removed her fingers, I felt the burning sensation,
"OOOoooohhhhhh" I moaned as it seemed to sensitise my poor clit even more. I
pulled on the bonds that held my ankles apart, writhing in my bondage, making my
bowels spasm as I wriggled, trying to stop the sensations that were making my
clit swell. Then I felt her pulling on one of my pussy lips, pinching it hard, I
felt then something cold on either side, near the back and knew just before she
did anything that this was going to hurt!

SNAP I heard the noise then felt the pain a second later as she used the staple
gun to insert a ring to
my pussy lip, puncturing the skin with no anaesthetic or pain relief. Whilst I
was still screaming in pain from this new assault, she gripped my pussy lip
nearer the front, close to my burning and swelling clitoris. SNAP she did the
same again, sending me again into a bucking and thrashing frenzy. Quickly she
did the same to my other pussy lip. "Just one more to go Dearie and you are
'ringed'. Five gold rings, and it's not even Christmas! We can use these for
loads of things to help us convince you of the error of your ways." With these
words I knew what was coming, "Nnnooo  Please Please no not there, not on my
clit, I beg you Please, I will tell you anything ANYTHING! Do you hear me
Pleasssseee!!!!"

"Ilsa, please gag the bitch so we don't have to hear her wining anymore, she
will not tell us what we need to know so we must proceed. Oh and Jemma, I
suggest you remain as still as you can whilst Isla inserts this one, wouldn't
want to tear you now would we." As Ilsa forced a ball gag behind my teeth, I
felt the cold steel of the staple gun either side of my enlarged clit. Then
blinding pain as she squeezed the trigger and the final ring passed through my
most sensitive part. I swooned, wanting to pass out, unable to scream properly,
just a quiet "AAAAARRGggggggg" escaped the gag.

Burning with pain around my pussy lips and especially my clitoris, It was almost
a delight as Isla took a spray and started to spray my sex, covering me with a
disinfectant. "Wouldn't want you to get infected now would we bitch? We couldn't
have so much fun.

. . . . . . . .

Add 6 Mick

They just left me for what seemed like hours in this terrible painful condition.
The pain and cramps in my bowel caused me severe troubles. I had for a long time
been in an urgent need to shit but I just had to accept that this was out of the
question until they decided to deflate this awful butt plug filling me entirely
and impossible to expel. As all this pain wasn't enough they had put these
"jewels" as they called them on me. It did cause me a lot of additional pains.
Especially the ring in my clit did cause me incredible pains and it just grow
worse as it would never end. What made me really sorry was that these holes
would be permanently. I would never be the same again. It was like I was just
transferred to a slave, a pain slut with the only purpose to please these
perverted peoples. Furthermore I was wearing this awful gag almost cutting of
air. It was extremely difficult to draw the air needed into my lungs. The
terrible pains did increase the need for air and it was difficult to draw enough
in through the nose. The gag was held firm in place by a smooth rubber piece
covering my mouth entirely making it almost impossible to draw any air in
through my mouth. I just had to try to relax. Relax!! How could anybody relax in
a condition like this. The never ending pain and cramps made it just impossible.

"Oh please let it be enough!!! Please come back and release me I just can't take
it anymore!!!" I was desperately thinking. I dragged frantically in my
restraints in the hope that I could release myself. It was of cause useless and
did just add more pain to me as the shackles just cut into my skin.

Then after what seemed to days for me I finally heard a key in the door again
and it was opened. The two evil women, Helga and Ilsa, joined me again.

"Taaaaoooke iooot oooaaoot!!!" I screamed in my gag trying to make them release
me. Only a minor noise did escape my mouth at the gag sealed my lips pretty
well.

They just ignored my words looking at me in excitement. Then Ilsa turned around
and walked into an adjacent room. When she came back again she wheeled a table
with a lot of wires and a huge box with a lot of buttons, handles and plugs on
it.

"You see this nice device?" Ilsa asked me.

"OOooooh no, they have planned some further treatment for me before they let me
expel!!! I go insane!!! I just can't take it anymore!!" I was desperately
thinking.

"Oh sorry, stupid me!. I forgot that you can't speak. But I assume you can see
it. It is one of my favourite play toys. You would never believe me if I told
you the huge amount of information this nice toy has extracted from my precious
victims. It is just amazing what it can do to a woman..... and a man as well.
Sometimes it only cost me a few minutes with this nice toy before they 'sing'
the song I just love to hear. Sometimes they just 'sing' before I have even
started as they are just so scared being wired like they are when connected to
this device. But I never let this be enough. As they have all been stubborn they
deserve the pain this excellent device can add to their bodies....their nerves.
When proper attached and operated they have told me that it feels like every
single nerve screams out the pain. Isn't it lovely? I have named it my play
organ, it's an excellent name for it wouldn't you agree my dirty, smelly little
worthless slut? As you don't seem to be willing to tell us anything yet I have
decided that we will let you have a lot of 'fun' with this device without being
able to tell us anything. Helga will you please tape her gag to her face using
the broad black flexible tape?" Ilsa addressed Helga

"Sure, it will be my pleasure though I love to hear them sing as well" Helga
answered

"Don't worry. You will be able to hear her screams though it won't be as loud as
without a gag. Furthermore the look in her face will just indicate that well
what she is feeling. I'm sure it will be interesting. As we like to see her I
suggest you turn her around and fix her head to the tub using the steel bands We
don't want her to faint due to banging the head against the tub!! We just want
her to feel the pain making her realise that she will never be able to beat us
in this sweet game of pain!! When this is done she will be ready to tell us
everything she knows. This little slut just deserve it. Just look at these pics!
She deserve to be treated like this. Such a perverted slut just loving to expose
her dirty cunt for her boyfriend!! What a pig she is! She just makes me sick!"
Ilsa told Helga without paying attention to my condition

Helga approached me with the tape and started wrapping it around the lower part
of my face completely sealing the gag in my mouth. Then she removed first the
chain from my right shackle and connected it to the left side of the tub. They
didn't take chances. They wanted me to be chained to this tub as long as they
wanted it without any chance to get free. Then she disconnected the chains from
my leg shackles and finally the chain from my left shackle.

"Turn around or I use the cattle prod in your filthy cunt!" She cried out

I wasn't in a condition to refuse still being chained to the tub. Furthermore I
was scared like hell and I didn't want to give these perverted women any excuse
to be harder to me. I certainly was enough as it were at the moment. Turning
around did send waves of cramps and pain through my bowel and the urgent need to
shit again grow worse though I really didn't believe it could be worse. I had
never in my lifetime felt like this. I didn't know for how much longer I would
be able to cope with all this. And now they just wanted to add more pain!!

"Will it ever end" I was thinking.

"Now remain still in the present position while I fix you again" Helga snerred
at me.

Within a few minutes I was fixed face up my spine arching over this awful cross
beam causing the liquid in my bowel to work inside me. I was just horrible.

"Oh Helga, how stupid we have been!! Can you see what we have forgotten? Think
about how the organ normally is connected to the 'sing' bird" Ilsa asked Helga

"Oh I see, you are right! The cunt is well ringed but her nice nipples and her
ears! I will take care of this!" Helga answered looking at me with her evil
smile. Then she turned around and left for a minute. When she returned she was
carrying the staple gun, the box with the gold rings and the disinfectant spray.

I dragged frantically in my shackles and I again discovered it was useless. I
just had to remain in my present humiliating position exposing all my private
parts to these perverted women.

"I think I will start with the left nipple. I will use a large ring. Then it can
be both used for dragged you after us and to chain you in different positions.
Furthermore we sometimes use all rings for folding our 'play women' into a ball
chaining the hands, head and feet to the rings inserted in your cunt and
breasts. It is told to be quite enjoyable and interesting for the victim. But
don't worry, you will have plenty of time for trying it. Now are you ready for
this?" Helga said while locating the staple gun over my left nipple with a large
gold ring mounted inside the tool.

"Noooaoooaaa, noooot theeis auass weuall" I tried to scream out begging her to
stop.

"Good, happy to hear this" Helga said smiling at me while operating the gun.
Immediately I felt the sharp pain from the penetration of my sensitive flesh. It
just burned like hell and I just screamed and screamed into the gag.

She continued with the right nipple and then my ears. It just felt like she had
ripped of the nipples. The ears wasn't that bad though the rings was thicker
than the ear rings I normally wore. She then sprayed the disinfectant onto each
newly ringed part causing it to burn like hell.

"Now she is ready. I will prepare her so you can play the organ my true friend"
Helga said to Ilsa

"I appreciate that. I hardly can wait to proceed. Just wait and see. This
disgusting dirty smelly slut will be ready to tell us everything when I'm
through with her" Ilsa said smiling her evil smile at me.

This woman was just the most mean woman I had ever met. It was like she didn't
have any limits when it came to add pain to a woman.

 "How can anybody be that evil? Has she no heart? She is just so perverted and
mean" I was thinking now really scared when thinking on what was in store for
me.

"You probable know that gold is conductive. Therefore we just connect the wires
to the rings and then the current will be able to flow nicely through your body
excellent controlled by Ilsa. Furthermore I connect wires to your big toes and
heels as well in order to add current to your feet. When you body is connected
to Ilsa's 'organ' she will be able to add current from top to toe. I'm sure you
will love it! It will be so interesting and enjoyable for you, just wait and
see" Helga said laughing loudly.

Both women laughed sickly watching my desperate reaction with a great deal of
interest and their hands between their legs rubbing their clits eagerly sending
waves of pleasure through their bodies. I now knew that these women would
continue their perverted act until they were satisfied. Even when they were
satisfied I wasn't sure if it would mean any release for me. I knew it was a
combination of fulfilling their perverted need and to extract the information
they wanted from me. If they didn't succeed I was sure Mick, the commandant,
would be mad and disappointed at them. I just had to endure their sick and
perverted act and there was absolutely nothing I could do about it.

"Ooooh no, how did I get myself into this horrible situation and how will I make
it stop?" I was thinking without knowing the right answer

Helga connected the wires to all the rings and taped wires to my heels and big
toes. I now lay on the tub wired like a machine and scared to hell. My body was
covered with sweat due to the fear and the never ending pain caused by all the
rings piercing my most sensitive parts and huge amount of liquid whatever it did
contain causing me severe cramps and an extremely urgent need to shit.
Furthermore all the water inside me made my bowel and stomach swollen and it
obviously did add pressure to my bladder producing an additional need to pee. I
didn't dare to pee while these women was looking. Furthermore it would be just
so degrading and humiliating to lie exposed like this and pee in front of these
perverted women being able to see it all. I just lay there hoping that they
would stop or I would wake up of this horrible nightmare.

Add 7, janet


   I was utterly devastated, the whole of my body was wracked with pain, it was
really overwhelming. A few weeks ago I couldn't have imagined in my wildest
dreams, that anything like this could have happened to me!

   I was completely passed being concerned about the humiliation of my
disgusting position in my so severe restraints, my whole mind was completely
consumed in dealing with the pain from my bowel and bladder, my cramped and
strained muscles and now my pierced nipples.....but I was determined that I
would not give in to these cruel bitches who seemed hell bent to break me, if
not to kill me.

   Then suddenly out of the blue a thought that had struck me a few moments ago
came back to haunt me...'If they didn't succeed I was sure Mick, the commandant,
would be mad and disappointed at them'...My pain addled brain slowly started to
concoct an idea. Just supposing I allowed them to believe that I had had enough, 
that the pain had convinced me to tell all.(Little did I realise that this was a
very real possibility anyway!) BUT I would blurt out totally false
information that would make them think that I had broken down and had told them
the truth to avoid further agony. Then , when eventually, it was discovered that
the two women Ilsa and Helga had been had and made a big mistake, Commandant
Mick might take it out on THEIR hides! Of course, I too would get an extra
severe punishment for lying, no doubt, but it could be worth it to see those two
sluts taken down a peg!

   They were clearly anxious to torture me with this ghastly new machine of
theirs,  so I would have to undergo further pain at their convenience. It would
be no good screaming out information now, they would still continue to torture
me to satisfy
their own perverted desires anyway, so I tensed my body to the best of my abilty 
and waited for the onslaught.

   Suddenly Helga flicked a switch and a ghastly pain coursed through my pierced
tits. I became rigid with the most ghastly pain as the current played around my
already rigid nipples as I screamed uncontrollably to the obvious delight of the
two women.

   "Gaaawwwd...nooooo....s.t.ooop...pple..a..se!," I attempted to scream through
my gag.

   Helga, of course, NEVER paid any heed to begging and beseeching such as I was
trying to do and promptly reversed the switch to send a spine jolting surge of
power through the clips attached to my cunt lips. Again I screamed and stiffened
in absolute rigour as the current srged through my cunt, bowels and bladder, to
the extent that involuntarily I released my bladder and my pee, long held back, 
rushed out of me making a huge puddle on the floor and wetting my legs. Helga j
umped back with an oath as my pee splashed over her sooo siny boots.

   "I   ' lll...tal...lll.k" I yelled, "nnnnooo mmoore...plea  ..se"

   An eerie silence suddenly descended on the room and all in it.

   "Well so you are finally seeing some sense," exclaimed the triumphant Ilsa.
"alright lets hear what you have to say."

   Helga caught hold of the end of the tape sealing my mouth and pulled it off
in one huge tug, making me scream as she did so, but with the gag removed I was
almost ready to make my speech!

   I drew a big breath and started on my ficticious story much to the pleasure
and satisfaction of the two women. When I was finished, Ilsa motioned Helga to
leave the room with her.

   "What about the prisoner?" enquired Helga.

   "Oh she can stay as she is, I am sure Commandant Mick will want to ask her
some additional questions when we have passed on all she has told us. He will be
pleased"

   If it had been possible, I would have smiled, but under the circumstances it
was more of a satisfied thought!

Add 8, Mick

Ilsa and Helga left me still in this terrible condition. But even though I was
like this I had the feeling that I had won the first battle against these evil
women. I knew it might mean some further treatment but if they despite it all
was a lie did believe some of it might mean some release for me at least for a
period.

I didn't have to wait for long before the door was opened again. Mick, the
Commandant entered the room but what did confuse me and make me afraid again was
the fact that he wasn't alone and the woman who entered with me did both make me
confused and afraid.
She certainly wasn't dressed like a normal woman would be. Her body was
padlocked into an extremely tight fitting leather harness making her beautiful
breasts stand out proudly. Her nipple was pierced like mine with two large gold
rings. Her cunt was covered with a thick leather chastity belt with holes for
pissing but it obviously didn't leave her any chance to touch her private parts.
I couldn't see her face as it was covered with a tight fitting leather hood with
a broad zipper effectively sealing her mouth. The only other opening was two
holes under her nose and two tiny holes for her eyes to make it possible for her
to see but you couldn't see all of her eyes. The hood was padlocked as well
making removal without the right key or tools impossible. You would never be
able to recognize this woman if you saw her on the street normally dressed
without the hood.

"Hi my sweet worthless smelly slut! I have heard from Ilsa and Helga that you
have changed your mind and that you will talk. That's good! We actually don't
like to be that cruel to you. It is only necessary as you decided not to answer
our questions" Mick started

"I see you have noticed my company. It is Collette, a French slut who is my
personal slave. She was interrogated as you have been but after some talking she
realised that what we are doing is right to do. After she realised this I have
taken her as my personal slave. She is slightly different compared to normal
slaves as she is what you can call a bi-slave. She like to be dominated and to
be subjected to punishment but she like to inflict pain to women as well. She
like to test all new equipment under controlled circumstances meaning she has a
safe word making it possible for her to make it stop when she wants it. As she
knows her limits she really is turned on when she can do the same to our victims
pushing them much further than she would ever be able to go. I guess you have
already realised that we haven't told you a safe word save for your possibility
to tell us what we what. Sometimes this isn't enough as especially Ilsa and
Helga love to push the victims further in order to test the limits. Nice and
exciting isn't it my worthless slut?" Mick paused giving me a chance to answer

I remained silence as I didn't want to make him upset. Furthermore I didn't
think it would make any difference whatever I did answer.

"OK Collette, you may proceed!" Mick ordered Collette without paying any
attention to my lack of answer.

"Proceed? What did this mean? I had told them I would talk!" I was thinking

"What is going to happen? I have told you I want to talk!" I said scared again

"Shut up! Just talk when you are asked something!" Mick cried out
Collette approached me holding a short riding whip with a leather piece at the
end in her hand.

"We call it the pussy and breast whip! I guess you can imagine what it is used
for?" Mick instructed me

If I didn't know it I certainly did within a few seconds as the first stroke did
hit my pussy lips.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaah please no. I corporate, I will talk this is not necessary" I
cried out

Collette just continued whipping my pussy. The she changed position and started
whipping my breasts causing me more pain. She just continued whipping me for a
long time making my pussy, breasts and nipples deeply read and swollen.

"Stoooooooooppppp aaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuughhhhhhh stooooooooooppppp. It hurts!!!!" I
continued crying out but it didn't matter at all. Furthermore my wrinkling in
the chains did send more cramps through my bowels due to the huge amount of
liquid still trapped inside me.

"Ok Collette, it's enough!" Mick ordered.

Immediately she did stop and she just stood beside me awaiting further orders.

"This is just to help you. I think this help you realise that you better tell
the truth. Collette I think the slut is in an urgent need to shit! Will you
remove the butt plug and let her empty her bowels. I think she will be grateful
and be more careful when answering the questions. Remember to do some proper
cleaning afterwards. I don't want her to smell like a pig when interrogating
her!" Mick ordered Collette

"OH thank! They et me expel all this fluid causing me so much pain! Please hurry
up!" I was thinking.

Collette deflated the plug and removed it. Immediately I just exploded. It just
felt so good despite these two persons were watching it all making it quite
humiliating for me. The Collette produced some hard bristles and a bucket with
an extremely hot soap solution. She then started to scrub me until my cunt and
ass was even more swollen and red than after the whipping. I just added more
pain to me.

"OK Collette, I think this will do it. She is ready to answer questions. First
of all I want you to tell all you did tell Ilsa and Helga once again to verify
if you can do it again" Mick asked me

I did tell him the best I could and I really think I managed to tell him the
same lie as told to Ilsa and Helga.

"OK, sounds good. Then I have another question. Do you know a resistance jerk
called Bertran?" Mick asked

"Oh no, what was this. The only one who knew about this was a woman named Yvette
and she had left the country. She knew about it because she found out that I had
only one affair with him. Bertran is her husband. It was stupid but it just
happened and there was nothing to do about it. I had talked with Yvette about
it. She was angry but we had worked it out. Bertran was the leader of the East
resistance fighters in this area and I did deliever him messages from time to
time but always using another person or just leaving the message a secret place.
I did never meet with him. Only this one stupid time and only Yvette knew about
this. They just couldn't know anything about this" I was thinking

"I have never heard about him" I lied to Mick

"Are you sure? Isn't it so that he had had his dirty dick up in your dirty
cunt?" Mick asked

Now I really was afraid. It was like he knew something or was he just playing
the game. Did he know anything about it? I really had to be careful.

"You must be thinking on somebody else. I have never met him" I answered again

"I really don't believe you. I will show you why I don't believe you. I have
lied a little to you as well!" Mick said while removing the padlock sealing the
hood to Collette's face. Then he remove it and what I saw did make me sick and
really scared. It was Yvette under the hood!

"You see my sweet worthless slut! Your answers isn't exactly the same that
Yvette here has told me about you and this relation. Yvette was interrogated by
us but she realise that what we are doing and planning is right. Therefore she
has joined us and she really is a great help as you can see. Yvette insisted to
be allowed to give you some 'nice' and 'kind' treatment as she still is angry
with you that you actually did fuck her husband. Now it doesn't matter that much
as she has me and she don't want to go back to him. But she still like to
'reward' you for fucking him. As you still are wired I don't see why we
shouldn't test this nice equipment once again before handing you over to Ilsa
and Helga again for further treatment and interrogation. I will sit here and
enjoy it and when we have finished you will be gagged with a ring gag and then
you will make both Yvette and me come by using your dirty mouth and tongue.
Yvette will just lover her beautiful and smelly cunt over your face almost
choking you if you don't do well and I think she will drag in your new jewels as
well. Then you will be released and with hands chained at the back Yvette will
help you giving me a nice blow-job. Isn't it all exciting?"

Add 9, jemma.....surprise me!!!

Oh my god, I thought to myself...I just can't win. They are always a jump or so
ahead of me.  I thought I was so smart, but the Commandant has got the better of
me and now I am in even more trouble than before!
   I lay in great pain and discomfort from the treatment I had recently
suffered, my tits and cunt were still smarting terribly from the beating I had
received at the hands of Collette now Yvette...could it possibly get any worse
...I already knew the answer to that, of course it could....but maybe I could
mitigate the forthcoming punishment I would surely receive but responding to the
Commandants orders to tyhe best of my ability.

   It made me almost sick to think about making Yvette  come by using my dirty
mouth and tongue and then I could easily believe that Yvette would just lower
her  smelly cunt over my  face almost choking me in order to punish me if I
didn't do well....she would enjoy that I'm sure!

   The partial release was a blessing even if it was only for a short time, but
my hands still chained behind my back was quite a disadvantage in 'doing a good
job'...but I couldn't see that I had any option.

   The Commandant settled down comfortably to watch my performance on Yvette, no
doubt thinking about his own pleasures in the near future! Yvette with a smirk
on her face and keeping her eye on the handy short riding whip with a leather
piece at the end which was lying nearby, laid back on a lowwooden bench which
was placed nearby. My thouights recalled the Commandants words, "We call it the
pussy and breast whip! I guess you can imagine what it is used for?, he had
said,
the smart bastard and it didn't take long to have me squirming and moaning as
she applied it to the appropriate places.

   I took the hem of Yvettes short  skirt and carefully pushed it up.  The skirt
was fairly tight and its journey upwards was rather slow  due to the width of
her widening ass (I noted to my satisfaction!) With the skirt fully hitched, I
noticed the absence of knickers. She slowly widened her legs as I prepared to go
down on her smiling a sardonic smile at me all the whileas she drew up her
spread legs.
The small area rapidly filled with a curious mixing of aromas most particularly
a strong, musky smell emanating from Yvettes pussy and rather juicy bottom.

   By this time she was quite wet. As I buried my tongue between her legs, I
found no difficulty in keeping my mouth open due to the ring gag which was
widley and rather painfully parting my jaw. The quicker I bring her to orgasm
the better I
thought to myself.

   I circled her clit with my tongue tip very lightly and then followed the
folds of her labia down to her entrance. I let the tip of hard tongue play with
her pussy lips and then work its way back to her clit, tasting her and coating
my tongue with her juices. She now seemed quite relaxed, and I suddenly realised
that she must have sold herself to the Commandant and his staff.  Her whole body
seemed to be getting more and more sensitive as I proceeded. I leant forward and
paused,
my tongue an inch away. My breath caressed her damp, sensitive skin.Then lightly
my tongue slid up between her legs until I reached the top of her slit and then
slowly down and then up again. Again I teased her clit with the tip of my
tongue,
circling it, flicking it from left to right, then up and down flicks, before
going down her pussy to return a few seconds later to start again.

   I was almost lost in my thoughts and what I was doing when a scorching pain
engulfed my presented bare ass and I realised that the Commandant was becoming
rather edgy. "Get on with it you disgusting slut," he cried.
   I jerked with the sudden pain, moving my head to spread her legs as wide as
possible. Then down with my head again to tongue the area of flesh between her
entrance and her anus, lightly nipping the flesh with my teeth and rimming her
anus
with the tip of my tongue gradually pushing the tip of my tongue into her
relaxing anus. Then back up to her pussy lips, now engorged and open for a few
seconds before going up again to her hard, protruding clit with my tongue 
gradually
bringing her to a wonderful and satifying orgasmic climax.

Quite exhausted I crawled across the floor to the Commandant, who now had
removed his clothing from the waist down and was seated in a very relaxed
position, with his bottom on the edge of his chair and his erect penis pointing
upwards. To say the least it was impressive and looked to be very hard. I had a
feeling that I would soon be coughing and spluttering when the tip reached the
back of my throat.

   I was quite surprised when he leaned forward and started to undo the buckle
of the ring gag which had become quite a trial for me to put up with. After its
removal it was very painful for me to close my mouth, but quite a relief at the
same time and I was very pleased to be able to control my drool which had been
running from the corners of my mouth and dripping on to my naked breasts. I
worked my jaws a little as I moved forward to do my duty. I pointed my tongue
and started to work the head of his hard penis, licking up the precum which had
already gathered in his anticipation.

   As I worked my tongue up and down the hard shaft of the Commandants penis I
could hear movement behind me and quite soon two warm hands descended on my bare
ass cheeks and forced them widely apart. I flinched and moved my head as a
finger probed my asshole, whereupon the Commandant leant forward and placed his
hands meaningfully on the back of my head,

   Fingers continued to painfully invade my rectum as I pursed my lips tightly
around the hard cock in my mouth and moved my head up and down the shaft. I felt
Yvette push harder into my rectum while she swatted my already sore ass
painfully with her right hand.

   "Just to encourage you to do your best, slut and focus your mind on your
task," she chuckled as she continued to invade my asshole and then some relief
as the fingers were removed. By this time The cock in my mouth was beginning to
throb and strongly my own cunt was beginning to juice up as well. The relief in
my rectum, however, was short lived as I felt something else touch my crinkled
hole and slide inside. As it continued its journey it spread my anus wider and
wider as the size of its girth  increased and its rough surface began to torture
the sensitive insides of my distended rectum. Yvette had obviously attached her
strap on to give me some serious pain. I could hear her satisfied chuckling at
my squirming and muffled groaning and then suddenly the throbbing cock touched
the back of my throat and I was coughing and spluttering as copious amounts of
warm cum was pumped into me.
My nose was pinched tight and soon I was writhing and struggling for breath as
the cum poured down my throat.

   Purring with satisfaction, Yvette continued to painfully punish my asshole,
as the Commandant released my nose to allow me to draw in a much needed breath.
I closed my eyes in  both pain and relief as I felt hands press and squeeze my
pendant breasts. I withdrew momentarily from the softening penis to pass my
tongue around my cum filled mouth, but quickly realised with several sharp slaps
to my buttocks that my job was not finished until the Commandants cock was
completely clean. I set to work as the punishing dildo was removed from my well
used backside. The Commandant was now completely relaxed, for the moment, but I
knew that wouldn't last for long and wondered what would happen next! 

Add 9, janet.....surprise me!!!

Oh my god, I thought to myself...I just can't win. They are always a jump or so
ahead of me.  I thought I was so smart, but the Commandant has got the better of
me and now I am in even more trouble than before!
   I lay in great pain and discomfort from the treatment I had recently
suffered, my tits and cunt were still smarting terribly from the beating I had
received at the hands of Collette now Yvette...could it possibly get any worse
...I already knew the answer to that, of course it could....but maybe I could
mitigate the forthcoming punishment I would surely receive but responding to the
Commandants orders to tyhe best of my ability.

   It made me almost sick to think about making Yvette  come by using my dirty
mouth and tongue and then I could easily believe that Yvette would just lower
her  smelly cunt over my  face almost choking me in order to punish me if I
didn't do well....she would enjoy that I'm sure!

   The partial release was a blessing even if it was only for a short time, but
my hands still chained behind my back was quite a disadvantage in 'doing a good
job'...but I couldn't see that I had any option.

   The Commandant settled down comfortably to watch my performance on Yvette, no
doubt thinking about his own pleasures in the near future! Yvette with a smirk
on her face and keeping her eye on the handy short riding whip with a leather
piece at the end which was lying nearby, laid back on a low wooden bench which
was placed nearby. My thoughts recalled the Commandants words, "We call it the
pussy and breast whip! I guess you can imagine what it is used for?, he had
said,
the smart bastard and it didn't take long to have me squirming and moaning as
she applied it to the appropriate places.

   I took the hem of Yvettes short  skirt and carefully pushed it up.  The skirt
was fairly tight and its journey upwards was rather slow  due to the width of
her widening ass (I noted to my satisfaction!) With the skirt fully hitched, I
noticed the absence of knickers. She slowly widened her legs as I prepared to go
down on her smiling a sardonic smile at me all the whileas she drew up her
spread legs.
The small area rapidly filled with a curious mixing of aromas most particularly
a strong, musky smell emanating from Yvettes pussy and rather juicy bottom.

   By this time she was quite wet. As I buried my tongue between her legs, I
found no difficulty in keeping my mouth open due to the ring gag which was
widely and rather painfully parting my jaw. The quicker I bring her to orgasm
the better I
thought to myself.

   I circled her clit with my tongue tip very lightly and then followed the
folds of her labia down to her entrance. I let the tip of hard tongue play with
her pussy lips and then work its way back to her clit, tasting her and coating
my tongue with her juices. She now seemed quite relaxed, and I suddenly realised
that she must have sold herself to the Commandant and his staff.  Her whole body
seemed to be getting more and more sensitive as I proceeded. I leant forward and
paused,
my tongue an inch away. My breath caressed her damp, sensitive skin.Then lightly
my tongue slid up between her legs until I reached the top of her slit and then
slowly down and then up again. Again I teased her clit with the tip of my
tongue,
circling it, flicking it from left to right, then up and down flicks, before
going down her pussy to return a few seconds later to start again.

   I was almost lost in my thoughts and what I was doing when a scorching pain
engulfed my presented bare ass and I realised that the Commandant was becoming
rather edgy. "Get on with it you disgusting slut," he cried.
   I jerked with the sudden pain, moving my head to spread her legs as wide as
possible. Then down with my head again to tongue the area of flesh between her
entrance and her anus, lightly nipping the flesh with my teeth and rimming her
anus
with the tip of my tongue gradually pushing the tip of my tongue into her
relaxing anus. Then back up to her pussy lips, now engorged and open for a few
seconds before going up again to her hard, protruding clit with my tongue 
gradually
bringing her to a wonderful and satifying orgasmic climax.

Quite exhausted I crawled across the floor to the Commandant, who now had
removed his clothing from the waist down and was seated in a very relaxed
position, with his bottom on the edge of his chair and his erect penis pointing
upwards. To say the least it was impressive and looked to be very hard. I had a
feeling that I would soon be coughing and spluttering when the tip reached the
back of my throat.

   I was quite surprised when he leaned forward and started to undo the buckle
of the ring gag which had become quite a trial for me to put up with. After its
removal it was very painful for me to close my mouth, but quite a relief at the
same time and I was very pleased to be able to control my drool which had been
running from the corners of my mouth and dripping on to my naked breasts. I
worked my jaws a little as I moved forward to do my duty. I pointed my tongue
and started to work the head of his hard penis, licking up the precum which had
already gathered in his anticipation.

   As I worked my tongue up and down the hard shaft of the Commandants penis I
could hear movement behind me and quite soon two warm hands descended on my bare
ass cheeks and forced them widely apart. I flinched and moved my head as a
finger probed my asshole, whereupon the Commandant leant forward and placed his
hands meaningfully on the back of my head,

   Fingers continued to painfully invade my rectum as I pursed my lips tightly
around the hard cock in my mouth and moved my head up and down the shaft. I felt
Yvette push harder into my rectum while she swatted my already sore ass
painfully with her right hand.

   "Just to encourage you to do your best, slut and focus your mind on your
task," she chuckled as she continued to invade my asshole and then some relief
as the fingers were removed. By this time The cock in my mouth was beginning to
throb and strongly my own cunt was beginning to juice up as well. The relief in
my rectum, however, was short lived as I felt something else touch my crinkled
hole and slide inside. As it continued its journey it spread my anus wider and
wider as the size of its girth  increased and its rough surface began to torture
the sensitive insides of my distended rectum. Yvette had obviously attached her
strap on to give me some serious pain. I could hear her satisfied chuckling at
my squirming and muffled groaning and then suddenly the throbbing cock touched
the back of my throat and I was coughing and spluttering as copious amounts of
warm cum was pumped into me.
My nose was pinched tight and soon I was writhing and struggling for breath as
the cum poured down my throat.

   Purring with satisfaction, Yvette continued to painfully punish my asshole,
as the Commandant released my nose to allow me to draw in a much needed breath.
I closed my eyes in  both pain and relief as I felt hands press and squeeze my
pendant breasts. I withdrew momentarily from the softening penis to pass my
tongue around my cum filled mouth, but quickly realised with several sharp slaps
to my buttocks that my job was not finished until the Commandants cock was
completely clean. I set to work as the punishing dildo was removed from my well
used backside. The Commandant was now completely relaxed, for the moment, but I
knew that wouldn't last for long and wondered what would happen next! 

Add 10, Mick

There was silence in the room for a while. All that could be heard was my two
'nightmares' heavy breathing after their sexual satisfaction. They just ignored
me for a while. I guess they just wanted to enjoy the relaxing feeling for a
while before they would pay attention to me again. I tried to be as silence as
possible in order not to make them notice me again. The more time for recovering
the better. The I hear Yvette's sick sadistic voice again.

"But Master, we did forget something!!! We promised this slut to let her feel
the current again. I guess we both were so horny that we just wanted it like
this. Though I'm not allowed without permission I have to admit that I was
dripping wet and extremely horny when you told her that she was supposed to give
us oral sexual pleasure. It was just incredible to think about having the head
of this slut causing me so must mental pain between my legs. Sorry, but I just
couldn't help it. I really hope you can forgive me?" Yvette asked Mick

"Sure, this time but only this time I can accept it. I know how much you have
been looking forward to this." Mick answered and continued addressing me
"Don't worry my sweet dirty slut. I'm sure Ilsa and Helga will give you plenty
of opportunity to feel it later. Especially Ilsa is quite fond of using current
as a mean of let's say 'persuading a woman' to tell what she like to hear. She
just has so many ways to include it in her interrogation that I can't follow her
even in my wildest sadistic fantasy.  Yvette, don't you think it would be a
great idea putting this slut in one of our excellent storage cages until
tomorrow when Ilsa will be ready for treating her again. She is presently busy
working on another of these filthy sluts causing us so much trouble?" Mick asked
Yvette

"Indeed, I think this will do her good. She need some time for thinking as she
really is a stubborn worthless cow. When her muscles are screaming for release
she might change her mind ans talk!" Yvette said while lowering a tiny cage down
from somewhere above me. I saw it was hinged to a wheel located high on the
ceiling. It could be lowered and raise by a winch electrically operated. It was
just the size of a human body if you were folded like a ball.

"OK, let's get the slut inside it" Mick said while dragging me towards the cage.
It wasn't easy for the two evil persons to fold me in order to fit into it but
within a few minutes they did of course succeed and slammed the door shut.

"There you are. Have pleasant dreams until tomorrow when Ilsa and her kind
helper will be ready for you" Yvette said while locking the cage door with a
heavy padlock telling me that I would remain in this cage until they decided to
release me from it. It was just so tiny that I almost panicked. (pic attached)

Then the cage was raised towards the ceiling again and I was hanging highly in
the air swinging from side to side.

"Bye, bye sweetheart and remember to tell us if you decide to leave during the
night. I would be so sorry if I didn't get a chance to give you a friendly hug
before you left!" Yvette said laughing loudly before they both left closing the
door to this awful cell with all this scaring equipment.

I was alone again in a miserable condition. Though they have just left I already
felt uncomfortably in the cage. When you can't move your body you got this
strong need for doing it. It already started to hurt especially my behind as I
was sitting on these hard bars, which the cage floor consisted of. Normally a
cage has a plate made of wood or steel for floor but this terrible cage was mad
of steel bars all over.

"How will I ever survive a night in this awful cramped space?" I was thinking
knowing it was of no use complaining to them. The first minor cramps already was
felt and I knew this was only the beginning. They had at least released my arms
before putting me into it. I guess the only reason was that they would have
troubles putting me into it if I was cuffed with hands behind the back.

The night just passed so slowly and sleep was almost out of the question. If I
felt a sleep I did awoke minutes later due to the cramps.

"Pleeeease let me out" I tried to cry out though I knew it was useless. But just
the thought that I did something did give me a few seconds release.

Ilsa and Helga returns..........

Then finally the night was over. Though I knew it just meant more pain I was
almost happy to see Ilsa and Helga as I knew this might mean release from this
cramped space.

"Welcome back my dear, have you missed us? I hardly can tell how disappointed I
am concerning the information you told us. It all turned out to be a lie!! Shame
on you but I guess you know what that means? It means a lot of work for Helga
and me again. But don't worry, it's just a pleasure for her and me doing this
work. I'm sure you will make us come several times during this next part of
'kindly' treatment of you. You have challenged us and we accept you challenge. I
think you are stupid as you will never be able to win this game. But you have
made your choice and we have to cope with this. Maybe you have changed your mind
and want to tell us something before we begin again?" Ilsa asked me while
looking at me in this tiny horrible cage. I hardly could take the pain from the
cramps anymore. It really felt like all muscles ver hurting save for the muscles
in my head.

"I did tell you what I did because I don't know anything as told before. You got
the wrong person!!! I can't tell you anything at all!!" I answered her

"Very well. Still this stubborn stupid worthless smelly slut. You really smell
like a pig or even worse!! Then you leave us no other choice than continue the
interrogation and it will just be a pleasure for both Helga and me!!! I'm
already wet between my legs again. Just to imagine all these nice ordeals we can
put you through makes me so hot and I'm sure Helga feels the same. As you seem
to be stubborn and as I think we have done a lot of sexual torture I think we
will try something completely different!!! Aren't you exited my worthless little
slut? And by the way, wasn't it nice to meet Yvette again? I can tell that she
has missed your company for so long!!! I bet her 'kind' treatment did make you
filthy cunt horny" Ilsa told me with a broad smile at her face and paused.

While telling me this Helga came back wheeling a strange looking devices in
front of her. It consisted of a iron frame almost the length of a person with a
upright frame at the one end. At the other end two devices were mounted. They
consisted of a circularly shaped construction mounted on the frame. Around the
top of the circle five strange looking iron pieces hang with a screw at the
middle. It was obviously that by turning these screws the iron piece could be
lowered towards the frame or raised towards the circle. Furthermore it seemed to
be equipped with shackles for chaining a hand or a foot into it. It really
looked both strange and scaring and I did most of all not want to know the
purpose of these devices, as it surely would mean more pain for me. I just
couldn't take it anymore. I was beginning to wonder for how long I would be able
to resist. What made me still try was the fact that I really didn't know if
telling them would mean the end of the torture. These perverted women didn't
seem to want it to stop. I had counted at least four orgasms each during the
torture of me. They had probably had a lot more as I most of the time wasn't in
a condition to notice this as well. I had more than enough to think on!

"You see this device? Looks nice doesn't it? I can assure you it really does
something to the woman who has the eeee, let's say fortune to be strapped to it.
You know that the toes are provided with a lot of nerves all capable of telling
you if it tickles and what is more important to me is that they tell you when
they are in pain. I have named this excellent device the harp though it only
have five strings on each iron circle. I love to play 'music' as almost all my
precious victims, sing so well and beautiful. When your toes are nicely strapped
into these devices I can start play my music. At first it always tickles a lot.
Some of the victims are actually laughing hysterically as it tickles so much.
But then they start adding stress to the toes by each slow turn on the screws it
starts dragging them outwards trying to drag them out of their joints. It's just
like the old stretch rack. The difference if that your toes are provided with a
huge amount of nerves all able to tell you it hurts. Furthermore I have modified
it by adding thumb screws like devices for the toes. It makes it possible for me
to turn another tiny screw mounted on each device. It will start squeezing you
toenails adding more pain to your body. All these nice feelings of pain will be
transferred to your brain, which will desperately try to tell you that you have
to make it stop. The only minor problem is that you can't!! Every slow turn on
the screws will increase the pain' which will grow stronger and stronger and
stronger and even stronger it will never end. Your body will scream out the pain
begging me to make it stop. As I want you to feel this to the end we will keep
you gagged meaning you can't talk to make it stop. Furthermore I have had some
problems with victims fainting several times while I 'play' my 'music'. In order
to cope with this I have added some excellent medicine to our medicine store. We
call it the 'blocker'. With this in your blood the brain can't make you faint
until you are in the most terrible pain you have ever tried. We want you to be
with us all the time until your toes are almost ripped off!! And your nails are
almost squeezed to the other end of the toe!! Isn't it exciting to think on? I'm
sure you will find it very interesting. Furthermore I think we will equip you
with a iron dildo and plug belt nicely conductive able to add all the current we
want to your sensitive parts. We don't want you to forget about sexual torture
during this. Then I can add nice current to these parts as well during your
ordeal. Isn't it all exciting and interesting? I bet you hardly can wait until
we begin! Helga I think this slut knows enough. Will you start preparing her?"
Ilsa asked Helga

"Sure, would be my pleasure. I thought you never would end this explanation. You
have almost told her so much that we don't even need to put her through this!"
Helga answered laughing loudly and sickly.

First she injected the 'blocker' into a vein while I still was caged. "It take
some time working. But don't worry. When I have prepared you it will be in
action meaning you will be with us until we make it stop!" she told me smiling
evilly at me.

"OK, let's get this worthless slut out of this excellent cage and get her
strapped to the device. Will you help me?" Ilsa said while removing the padlock
from the cage door.

"Sure, I hardly can wait to get started" Helga answered

They just dragged me out of the cage. Good, how all muscles did hurt being
folded out and stretched again.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaooouuuh, give me a break please!" I cried out

"Shut up, you have felt nothing yet!!" Ilsa  sneered while helping Helga
strapping me to the device.

Within a few minutes I was firmly strapped to it with my ass hanging freely in
the air and once again my cunt and ass hole was totally exposed for these evil
women. She then started mounting the strange devices to my  toes. I actually did
tickle and I couldn't help smiling while she did it though I really didn't want
to as I knew it was only for a limited period.

(look at the device on the pics "rent" received from my precious true friend and
submissive cyber slave janet. This is the nice device!!! This was meant for
jemma! If you don't got the pics anymore then just ask janet and I will send
them)

"Oooooh look, the stupid worthless slut is smiling! She really is having fun!
But don't worry my 'Fraulein' we will take care of this as well. You are not
here to be entertained you are here to please us and tell us what you knows!"
Ilsa sneered at me.

While Helga prepared me Ilsa wheeled the shock generator into the room again.
She produced a belt with a huge iron dildo and a smaller but still huge iron
butt plug. She greased the dildo and plug with some grease.

"This grease contains both salt and a mild solution of acid. It won't do
permanent damage but it will add a lot of pain and discomfort inside you.
Furthermore more the grease for the butt plug contain a laxative solution as
well making you wish you could expel the plug all the time. The problem is that
you can't as it is held firm into place by the under strap. Additionally I will
add wires to plugs at the end of the dildo and butt plug. I can add several
wires each making it possible for me to choose where to add current. You always
have to use at least two wires in order to have a circuit. I can decide to
electrify the dildo alone or the plug alone. When operated alone I can decide
which part of it I want to use for electro shocking you, the lower part, the
upper part, the middle part or all of it. Furthermore I can decide to let the
current flow between the plug and dildo going through the tiny membrane
separating the tunnel of your cunt and bowel. When nicely inserted the dildo and
the butt plug almost touch each other with only separated by sensitive skin
between your stinking gut and the filthy whore cunt of yours. All this means
that the nerves are in excellent contact with the devices and ready to make you
feel the current added. There is just so many ways to operate it and I surely
know how to do it! Isn't it all just so exciting?" Ilsa asked again laughing
loudly.

They both laughed while watching my reaction. I just wanted so badly to
disappear from these evil women.

"Ooooh please, let it all be a dream! A terrible nightmare and nothing more! I
will never be able to go through this!" I  was thinking not wanting to answer
this mean woman.

"You won't talk my dear! OK, if you don't want to talk you don't need the mouth.
To make it more interesting for you I have decided that you will wear a
different gag this time. It's a thick rubber hood with opening for the eyes and
two tiny holes under the nose for breathing and nothing more. Inside it is
equipped with a tiny inflatable dildo like gag. Furthermore it is equipped with
latches to make is possible to make it fit extremely tight around your head.
During the torture you will sweat a lot meaning it will be extremely hot and
uncomfortable inside the hood. I guess you will agree with me within a few
minutes." Ilsa instructed me while showing me this ghastly hood.

Ilsa had to use a lot of strength to drag this awful hood over my head but she
did of course succeed. She then started to inflate the gag. I just felt how if
grew bigger inside my mouth almost choking me. She looked evilly at my eyes and
stopped when they looked like they were about to pop out of their sockets. She
then started to tighten the straps squeezing my head all places making it fit
like a second layer of skin and it forced the gag further into my mouth though I
didn't think it was possible. I already began to sweat inside it and I knew if
was only the beginning and it really felt like the gag was choking me. All this
caused me to perspire heavily covering my body with sweat though it was quite
cold in the room.

"I think you are ready to have the filthy holes of yours filled. I have already
filled one but we still lack your disgusting holes between your legs. I feel
sick just thinking of getting close to these smelly soiled holes but the work
has to be done. I really don't want to get my hands soiled but I think I can
take care of this by using rubber gloves. I think I will grease your filthy
smelly ass hole before I let our sweet 'intruder' invade you" Ilsa said in her
cynical voice while putting on rubber gloves. She then greased three fingers
with a hug amount of the ghastly grease she had told me about. She first greased
rose of my anus and she the put first one, then two and at last three finger up
in my anus causing me a great deal of discomfort. She eagerly worked the fingers
around my gut. The uncomfortable feeling from was nothing compared to what I
felt when the grease started to work. First I felt it burn slightly but it just
increased in strength making it feel like my gut and anus was on fire. It just
grow worse and worse.

"Aaaaaaooouuuhhhh sttooouppp, mauuuoke iiittt stoooouup! Pleauuuse hauuve
meeeeuerrrciii" I screamed the best I could in the gag.

"Oh my darling, I see the excellent solution is beginning to do it's kind work
to you. It's nice, isn't it? Just be grateful that I do grease you before
mounting the butt pluck inside your filthy gut. Now it will only be a pleasure
for you when I do it. What you are feeling right now is nothing compared to what
is in store for you just wait and see" Ilsa said laughing loudly again in her
sick and perverted manner.

"I think you are ready for the next step of the preparation. The dildo and plug
are already nicely greased ready to enter you. I bet you hardly can wait until I
proceed. But don't worry my dear, you won't have to wait any longer. Helga, will
you help me filling her disgusting holes. Maybe this will minimize the awful
smell from her cunt and anus don't you think so?

"I certainly do. I agree that we have to do something to make this slut a bit
more attractive. How can it be that we have to work with ugly women like her?
Why can't it be an attractive slut that you really want to treat like this?"
Helga answered and separated my ass cheeks. Then Ilsa started to insert this
huge butt plug deeply into my sore ass hole. It was just so huge and did cause
me a lot of pain.

"My advice for you is to relax your stinking ass hole the best you can to reduce
the pain when it enters you. Keeping it tight will only make it worse as you
will never be able to resist it. You just have to accept your ordeal. There is
absolutely nothing you can do about it!!" Ilsa said addressing me again and
smiling her evil smile at me.

I tried to relax the best I could but it was just so huge. I hated anal sex as
my ass hole wasn't used to it. Now I just had to accept this huge butt plug
bigger than any cock I had ever tried. I just felt like my ass hole was about to
tear apart. The pain just grow stronger and stronger. The butt plug was rounded
for easier access. I just felt like she never would come to the shaft part of
the plug. My ass hole just continued to increase in size. Then finally I could
feel the shaft part starting to enter stretching my gut to the limit or at least
it felt like it did. Then my next ordeal started as the plug was quite long.
First it was bearable though it did hurt but then it reached the part of my gut
not used to be filled like this. The muscles in my loan began cramping and I
started screaming like hell.

"Aaaaaaaaauuuuhhhh, ssstaaaooupp iaaiit!" I tried to say but of course it didn't
make her stop

"Ahhh, you like it my dirty slut!" Ilsa said laughing while she slowly continued
to press it further up inside me.

It just felt like it would tear my gut apart and the pain and cramps just grew
stronger. Then finally I heard Ilsa again.

"Now it is firm into place. It wasn't that bad, wasn't it" she said laughing
again

But this wasn't the end of this ordeal. When the plug was pushed into the rod of
it and firm in place it started to burn and the pain just increased in strength.
Furthermore I did notice that it was a strong solution a laxity as I already did
feel an urgent need to shit though I knew there was nothing to expel save for
the plug.

They both stood beside me enjoying my struggling and useless attempts to push it
out. Ilsa still made sure I couldn't holding her rubber gloved hand over my ass
hole and the butt plug. I was perspiring heavily making the whole body glance of
sweat.

"I think you are ready for the dildo. Isn't it nice that we take care of filling
you lust holes so nicely? I bet you love it my filthy worthless pain slut. I can
see your body is nicely covered with the sweat of pleasure!!" Ilsa said laughing
sickly again.

She then started to insert the huge dildo with her free hand. It was just so
huge and the fact the I was plugged didn't make access easier. I tried the best
I could to relax but it certainly wasn't easy in this condition.

"Oh look how nicely it enters you! I bet you feel horny due to all this. The
only problem might be the grease I have used. It doesn't leave much room for
pleasure as it is made to cause pain and not pleasure. But I guess you have
already noticed this in your filthy gut!" Ilsa said smiling again while
continuing pressing the dildo further into me.

I could actually feel the dildo touching the butt plug only separated by the
thin layer of skin. It did cause me more pain and discomfort but Ilsa just
continued to press it further into me. Then finally it has totally entered me
and Ilsa did put the under strap through the rings mounted at the end of the
plug and the dildo and buckled it tightly to the belt around my waist making
both objects being pressed even further up inside me.

"Now you can relax again my dear. You don't have to be afraid that you expel any
of them by accident making this nice feeling of pleasure disappear. I have made
sure they will remain firm in place until we remove them again. I can imagine
that you are just so grateful to me!" Ilsa said and waited a few minutes to see
my reaction. Then she continued talking

"I think she is ready there, how about you Helga?" Ilsa asked

"Just a few minutes then I'm through as well and you can start 'playing' again"
Helga answered smiling at Ilsa while busy working with the devices she attached
to each toe and turning the screw mounted on each device until they were tight
leaving no room to move my toes at all but they still didn't add much pain to
them. It actually still did tickle a bit.

When they were through they both just stood there watching me in my terrible
condition awaiting it all to begin. I already was in extreme pain in my bowel
and cunt and this was only the beginning!! Furthermore it was extremely
humiliating and degrading being strapped like this exposing all my private parts
for these women. Had I not been hooded I'm sure that my face had turned red. Now
it was difficult to conclude whether it was due to the heat inside the hood or
due to the humiliation.

"OK, I think it is time to begin. She seems to be ready and she probably hardly
can wait to have all this fun and pleasure. I don't see why wee should let her
wait anymore, can you Helga?"

"Not at all. I don't think it is nice disappointing her. Just let her feel your
lovely toys!" Helga answered.

"First I will tighten all ten toe stretcher until they just have just started
adding stress to your toes. Just to let you feel how it will be when I really
begin. We have plenty of time and I don't want to disappoint you. I really think
you deserve to feel it all!! It's always a 'pleasure' for the woman strapped to
this magnificent device to give her enough time for thinking about how it will
be before it really begins" Ilsa said while starting to turn the screws. First
it did tickle like it did before but then it started to hurt as they started to
drag in my toes. I wasn't that bad yet but I could easily imagine how it would
be later. When Ilsa had tightened all ten toe stretcher she stopped and waited.

"How is it my dear? Not that bad yet? Maybe you do even like it. Like doing work
out with the toes. But just wait and see!! You haven't felt anything yet" she
said while turning the screws a little more. Now it really started to hurt. I
could feel how the toes were dragged just a few millimetres out of their joints.

"AAOOoooohhh nooaoaa mouuauure" I tried to scream out through the gag but this
awful inflatable gag silenced all sounds.

"Noooo my sweet worthless little slut. Don't be such a baby. If you already feel
pain you will be in deep trouble when I really begin to play the 'harp'!!" Ilsa
said laughing again

Helga stood beside me again watching it all while rubbing her clit and dragging
in my left nipple ring causing me additional pain. The nipples was still sore
from the piercing as well as the other parts of my body newly pierced. They had
never had the rest necessary to do proper healing. Helga just continued to drag
in the ring. They just couldn't get enough in order to satisfy their perverted
needs. I was just so exhausted due to all the pain I had endured since I arrived
this terrible prison. Furthermore they never gave me must time for resting
before they continued the torture.

"I think it is time to test if the wires for adding current are proper
connected. But Helga my dear! It' almost dinnertime! I think we test the
circuits and then we leave her alone to think. Drag an additional rubber hood
with open nose over her head. I want her blindfolded while we eat. Then she can
use all the time for thinking about what to come without anything to interfere
her." Ilsa said while operating some handles and buttons on the control panel
for adding current. Suddenly I felt a sharp pain in my bowel and bladder.

"AAAAoooouuuu, ppplllouuuusse ssssttttooooouuupp" I again tried to scream but I
again had to realise that it was completely useless.

"Good, seems to work!. I think we go for dinner and let her remain like she is.
When we return we must remember to remove the hood so she can see all done to
her. Please don't leave us while we eat!" Ilsa told me laughing loudly.

.......................

There I was!! Strapped to this horrible device and left in completely darkness
wearing two extremely tight fitting and hot rubber hood totally exposed with my
ass and pussy extremely filled with a huge butt plug and dildo. The straps on
the hood really did their work making them fit lit a second layer of skin. I
wasn't in that much pain save for the pain in the ringed parts of my private
parts. As it only was a few days ago and the fact that they never let a chance
to drag in them pass by they did cause me a lot of troubles. Though my bowel was
completely emptied the laxity did cause me severe cramps and an urgent need to
expel this huge butt plug. Furthermore the inside of both my lower internal
entrances burned like hell due to the solution the dildo and plug were coated
with. I wondered for how long they would keep me like this before they returned
and the real ordeal commenced. I was awful to think that everybody could stand
beside me watching me struggle in my restraints and I would never know if they
didn't make any noises.  While wondering I felt somebody dragging in both nipple
rings!!!

"Aaaaaaaaaaaauuuhhhh stooouuuuppppp" I cried out through the thick layer of
rubber covering my mouth. I was sure that the thick rubber and the awful
inflatable gag almost totally silenced me. I bet all that was heard was a weak
whispering though I screamed the pain out the best I could.

"Hi sweetie, Master Mick told me I could meet you here. I have missed you so
much!! I was afraid that you had left again but Master told me they have planned
to keep you here for a long time. I'm truly happy to hear!! This means the two
of us will have plenty of time for fun. I promise to visit you frequently to see
how you are and to play with you. Otherwise I think your stay will be too boring
for you " Yvette told in a sarcastic voice but then she switched to an almost
caring tone

"Master suggested that I could visit you and make you feel comfortable. But what
have they done to you! I have tried this 'harp' as Ilsa uses to call it during
my interrogation. I really thought I would go crazy!! And they have plugged and
wired you as well! You poor woman! It is going to be really hard to you. I
really feel sorry for you. And these nasty hoods so tight and keeping you in the
dark! How can they be so mean. But I'm sorry to tell that there is nothing I can
do about it. If I do I will be severely punished and I really don't want this!!"
Yvette said and waited before she continued her perverted speech.

"Anyway I'm still angry with you" Yvette continued in a more harsh tone "Life
was a hell to me after your relation to my husband. I'm so happy you are here
under nice circumstances. Now you must pay for your mistake! I don't care about
my husband anymore. It is told that he has been caught and put into another
prison with an extreme perverted and sadistic woman as the Commandant. They have
told that he is almost used to have his balls wired and electrified. She just
love to add current to balls and dicks and the ass hole as well. Furthermore she
is fond of wiring his nipples as well. Though they are not as sensitive as a
woman's nipples it is still quite an experience for any man to try it. Sexual
torture really turns her on. I have heard that she has taken him as her personal
sex slave keeping him severely restrained and caged all the time save for when
she 'plays' with him. Sometimes she keeps his filthy ass plugged and his dirty
dick filled and cut of with a catheter. Then she controls when he is allowed to
pee or shit as well meaning he doesn't decide anything himself. I really think
it is quite exciting just to imagine a man so totally controlled by a woman!!!.
He just deserve it as you deserve your ordeal. If he can't control his dick he
must pay the price as well as you must pay the price for lack of cunt control"
Yvette said. While talking her voice was replaced by the loud noise. It sounded
like a hair dryer and I turned out to be right as I suddenly felt the rubber
hoods being heated by the hot air from this device. I did perspire heavily under
this hoods making them quite uncomfortable to wear but now the heat just
increased and increased.

"I don't want you to feel cold" Yvette cried out loudly in order to be sure I
could still hear her and then I heard her sick laugh.

She just continued heating the hoods until it felt like the rubber was melting
and burned it's way into my skin like it was coated with a layer of rubber
making me sweat heavily again. The sweat burned in my eyes but I hade no chance
wiping them as I was heavily restrained to this horrible device. Both the
shackles and the additional leather straps kept me almost immobilised on this
horrible device. Then she suddenly stopped the hair dryer again.

"Isn't it nice. Now you are not cold anymore" she said laughing again.

She then started to care my ass cheeks with both hands.

"But what is this? Your ass cheeks are so cold! You poor woman!! It must be very
unpleasant for you and cause you a great deal of discomfort. I will help you my
sweetheart. I really think Helga and Ilsa have forgotten to take care of this
aspect. Can you feel this device on you filthy ass cheeks? It's a broad rubber
coated paddle. I will make your cheeks feel warm again by using this paddle. How
about eight strokes? Sounds good doesn't it? Sorry I forgot it is difficult for
you to answer wearing these tight fitting hoods and this nice inflatable gag
inside your dirty mouth. But I can easily imagine how grateful you are. You
don't have to tell me! It will be a pleasure to me helping you feel warn and
comfortable" Yvette said. I could easily imagine the sadistic and exciting look
at her face while telling me this though I couldn't see her.

"Are you ready? Good" Yvette continued and seconds after I felt a real stinger
at my ass cheeks

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuhhhhhhh, aaaaaooouuuhhhh, ssssttoooouuaaapppp" I cried out
but I guess almost nothing could be heard through the thick layer of rubber.

"Don't be such a baby!! Just enjoy it and be grateful all I do for you!" Yvette
said while giving me the second stroke and second stinger causing me extreme
pain.

"Aaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuhhhhhh" I cried out again now almost hysterically. It was
just inhuman and unbearable and I still had six strokes to go! And this provided
she didn't 'reward' me with some additional strokes.

I just continued crying while she added the last six strokes. She actually did
stop with eight strokes. I was in a terrible pain and I was just so grateful she
did stop with eight. I just couldn't take anymore of these real stingers.

"It's really nice. I wish you could see your ass. It's is just so nicely read
and swollen. I bet this will keep you warm for a long time" Yvette said while
laughing loudly.

I will now check the 'strings' of the 'harp'. I just have to make sure they are
proper mounted not causing you too much pain. I'm sure it will later but right
now it is just meant to keep your mind focused on what to come. I do sometimes
call this excellent instrument a 'xylophone' as well. I will make you feel why
as you won't be able to see it!" Yvette said. What I couldn't see was that
Yvette has produced a small hammer and she was approaching my feet put into this
scaring device.

SLAM!!!

"OOOoooooooooouuuuaaauuu, pppplllleeeause sttttoooouuupp" I cried out as she hit
the screw connecting the devices mounted on my big toe causing me severe pain in
this toe. It almost felt like it was broken and it just grow so hot as a lot of
blood was running to it.

"Oh, you like this. Don't worry. I will certainly test the last nine toes as
well" Yvette told me.

She just continued her evil act until all ten toes were hurting like hell. I
almost felt like I was about to faint but I guess the so called blocker
prevented this to happen.

"Excellent. I think they have done well. They are all mounted as they are
supposed to be. I bet you are happy that I did check it for you. Now you don't
have to worry about this anymore" Yvette said in her cynical voice.

"But what is this? They have forgotten something. You are wearing a double layer
inflatable rubber hood but it isn't inflated! I will take care of this as well.
And don't worry. It is specially make for breathing through the nose. When
inflated it will feel like a second layer of skin but you will still be able to
breathe. We won't risk loosing you. " Yvette said while starting to operate a
rubber bulb. I felt the rubber to begin pressing even more at my face and all
sounds disappeared. If there were any slack between the rubber and my skin it
was all gone now. It just pressed all over my face giving me this awful
claustrophobic feeling being totally encaged in this rubber. The heat inside the
hood just increased. Then it increased even more. Yvette had obviously started
the hair dryer again heating it all up again. I was about to panic but there was
nothing I could do being strapped like this.

"I will now fit you with a nice steel helmet with an isolating material inside
the helmet. It will help keeping the heat inside your hood for a long time. It's
really a nice helmet as it is locked around the neck of the woman who are
rewarded wearing it. This makes it possible to keep her helmet without any risk
that she removes it even with her hands free. As you can't see it I will
describe it for you. It is specially made for fitting no matter if you are
wearing an inflatable hood or not as it the inner hood of the helmet can be
inflated as well. As you are wearing an infaltable hood I don't have to inflate
it that much. At the front of the helmet a small lid is located in front of the
mouth. It can be locked with a key making it impossible for the woman to eat or
drink anything without having it opened. Furthermore small holes are drilled in
front of the nose for breathing purpose. The holes in front of the eyes can be
closed and opened with a key as well keeping her in totally darkness or she will
be able to see if they are opened. Finally a lot of iron rings have been welded
to it making it possible to chain her in different positions using the helmet
and chains connected to the wall, floor or ceiling. Or you can use the rings for
chaining her in the folded ball position making her muscles scream out the
cramps and beg for release. The last feature on this helmet is the holes
covering the ears. When closed you is kept in almost totally silence. Within a
few minutes you will just feel so alone and isolated. Like being kept in
solitary confinement. It just have so many possibilities!!. I will now fit it on
your head before to much of the heat escape your hood." Yvette cried the best
she could to make sure I could hear it while fitting the helmet and locking the
neck collar around my neck. She the started to inflate it in order to make sure
it totally surrounded my hood.

"You look just beautiful. I wish you could see it but don't worry. I have taken
some pictures of you for future use. Maybe I will let you see them later."
Yvette shouted through the right ear hole of the helmet

"I will leave you again. I bet you feel much more comfortably now and that you
are just so grateful I took the time needed for visiting you. Now I will leave
you room for thinking about the 'nice' and 'kind' ordeal to come before Ilsa and
Helga will interrogate you again hoping you this time will tell the truth. You
better think on what to tell these kind women and for you own health let it be
the truth this time. And one more thing my worthless smelly slut, remember that
I have tried it all on my own body! The only minor difference is that I had a
safe word or safe sign to use when I wanted it to stop. I'm so sorry to inform
you that we haven't found the right word or sign for you yet meaning you can't
make it stop. You just have to 'enjoy' all this nice treatment until the
tormentor decides it is enough. I'm quite sure it is different as I really think
you wish it to stop long before the tormentor who most of the time will be Ilsa
or Helga decides it is enough. They will make you cross limits of pain you never
in your wildest fantasy thought possible. Sometimes I really think it is amazing
how much pain a woman can take before she faint especially when she has been
injected with the excellent 'blocker' normally used on sluts like you. I really
think a woman can take much more pain than a man. I'm sure you will agree with
me when Ilsa and Helga are through with you" I heard Yvette whisper though she
was shouting the best she could. Then I heard her sick perverted laughter again
while she closed all lids on the helmet..

Yvette stood beside me rubbing her clit eagerly making her explode in a huge
orgasm while watching me with a great deal of interest and pleasure. Then she
left laughing loudly and locked the door leaving me in a much worse condition
than before she visited me. Before she closed the lids I could actually hear
this cynical bitch moaning in pleasure and excitement when concentrating. I
guess she had left me again because nothing more did happen for a long time. I
just sat there, if you could call it a sitting position, and felt terrible in
completely darkness all senses for hearing, seeing and even smelling cut off.
All I could smell was the rubber from the hoods and helmet, which combined with
the extreme heat due to the heating with the hair dryer, caused me additional
discomfort.

..........................

Add 11, janet  (jemma is welcome to give her suggestions as well. I just
incorporate it in the story)

   It seemed as though an eternity of time had passed during which I had tried
to cope with the continuing pain and discomfort my position caused. The worst
was the complete loss of all my faculties, I couldn't see, hear and barely
breathe. Thw ghastly feeling of complete disorientation was hard to bear. I
quickly had to take my feelings under control as I felt my heart rate rise and
this made breathing through the small holes in the hood even more
difficult...calm yourself now, janet, I told myself and gradually my gasping for
breath calmed a little and gradually I managed to bring myself and my feelings
under control.

   Then suddenly I was somehow aware of a presence nearby. I imagined that
Yvette was back to taunt me even more than she had already done, but suddenly
the lids in the hood which covered my eyes were opened. To begin with I was
temporarily blinded with the sudden rays of light striking my eyes but
eventually I realised that I was looking into the cold,stern, unforgiving eyes
of Ilsa.

   "Well slut, we are back having had a wonderful meal and beverages, and I see
you have had an interesting if not enjoyable time as well. You poor dear, how
unpleasant it must have been for you and how much you would welcome a little
exercise, from your cramped and painful position...Helga would you help me
please to release this poor unfortuneate woman from her confining position."

   I just couldn't believe this, I was expecting the worst, but I was going to
be released. This was too good to be true...and then suddenly I realised that
was just excatly what it was...she was clearly up to something. But just a brief
relaxation of my present situation would be a blessed relief.

   First the ghastly hood was removed from my head, my ears were unplugged and
the intrusive mouth gagged was removed. Oh how wonderful, to feel a little fresh
air on my face, so stained with sweat soaked tears. I tentatively moved my jaws
slightly and blinked my eyelids as I felt other hands removing the contraption
that had so stressed my feet and toes for such a long time. No attempt was made
to remove the leather body harness that cut into my naked flesh so severely or
to untie my hands so severely restrained behind my back. But I was so grateful
in my mind to be free of all the other gadgets that had for so long given me
such pain and cramping.

   "Aren't we kind to the disgusting and uncooperative slut, Helga, I hope she
realises this. Now swing your legs over the side and stand up."

   I did so and would have collapsed in a heap on the floor had it not been for
the support of Helga's strong arms. "Good, Helga, now hold on until I make a few
adjustments so that we can give Slut the opportunity to have a little healthy
exercise. Whereupon she bent down and fastened a short hobble chain between my
ankles. Next came a leather framework which produced blinkers to keep me looking
straight ahead and then to my increasing dismay a metal bit which were attached
to the bridle stretching my mouth wide open and tightening the corners of my
mouth. Metal arms projected painfully forward from my mouth,

   I intensely disliked the painful movement of the metal bit within my mouth,
which I had no doubt, would get worse as time passed. Two leather reins were
attached to the rings on either end of the metal bit. What are doing I wondered
are they turning me into some kind of animal. As if on cue I saw Helga swish
what looked like a long, buggy whip in the air a few times, presemabling to get
the feel of it and to give me a message. Then I felt a firm pull from Ilsa on
the reins and as I minced forward on my hobbled feet I squirmed to the sting of
the whip across my juddering buttocks ....what now!!

   My hobble chains ensured that my paces would have to be small and very fast,
keeping me on tiptoes in order to maintain the pace which Ilsa set. Helga had
attached  safety straps from the overhead frame to my harness which were then
clipped to the rein guides at the top of each shoulder. Then came the fastenings
which she would soon dread. Shivering and controlled by my reins, I looked
fearfully into Ilsa's face while she concentrated on completing them. My
tearful, silent pleading expression made no impact. It was going to happen
whether I wished it or not.

   Fine, yet sturdy chains connected the rings on the long bit arms to the
thick, stainless steel U's, which had long ago been  deeply mounted in my
nipples. My full naked breasts heaved with fear and arousal while Helga cupped
the left one in her palm, then Ilsa released the left ring, and with a small
click of the snap-hook through the right nipple U, imprisoned and tethered the
trembling mound  of my breast.

   Helga's hand dropped away from my warm, but trembling goose-bumped breast and
I couldn't help the yelp of discomfort that welled from my throat when I had to
accept the control that could now be exerted with only small tensions on my
sensitive and hardened nipple. A small up-welling of fluid emerged unbidden from
the hardening nipple and I whined and shivered, twisting in my harness when Ilsa
fastened her mouth over it then teased it to even further erection, suckling
avidly. The vacuum she created over my straining, steel-impaled flesh was
for a moment astoundingly arousing for there was no way I could make her stop 
or avoid it. Ilsa's teeth nipped and nibbled lightly around the deeply
transfixing steel, tugging gently, while across and around the entire surface
her tongue wove and writhed, flickering back and forth with maddening,
unavoidable teasing. I moaned and clacked my restrained tongue frenziedly and
jerked my head frantically against the singular, for the moment, connection,
making the reins sway and snap over my back. My head jerking  was soon a thing
of the past, for with every twitch, I soon realised it tugged painfully at my
breast also!

   A moment later, the other side was similarly a captive to the bit! With a
subdued moan I moved my head cautiously against the restriction of the
inter-connecting chains. It turned what little I could manage and I  stared
angrily and anxiously at Ilsa, knowing that there was more to come. Ilsa smiled
sardonically at my evident uneasiness and restrained arousal, Oh, yes Ilsa could
certainly see that I wanted out. and right now.

   I knew that I couldn't escape what was about to occur. When Ilsa slowly
tightened her bearing reins, my head was drawn erect and back to enforce her
desire that I carry myself with head erect as though I was proud of myself!. The
sounds of the straps being adjusted added to my sense of bondage and being
controlled, then Ilsa tightened them even more!
   A sharp yelp of discomfort pulsed my steel collared throat when suddenly, I
felt the connecting chains pull smoothly upwards, immediately placing my nipples
and breasts under an increasingly painful strain. I stood utterly still, panting
from the discomfort of the demanded posture and the inescapable tensions to my
chest. My mouth jacked open by the twisting of the steel bit within. My eyes
followed Ilsa's fingers and hands when she moved in front of me, watching
fearfully while she clipped the Treadmill's Control Reins to the central ring of
each inter-connector chain.

   There was clearly no way out for me.
..........................................
******************************************
..........................................
  
   If I attempted to look down, the connecting straps stopped me from lowering
my head; and when I tried to twist away from the approaching reins, the chains
immediately dragged painfully at my nipples. So the only thing I could do was to
hold still for everything to be fastened in place.

   Another moaning sigh of despair emerged from my bitted mouth while Ilsa
clipped everything in place, Unthinkingly, I shook my chest to try and escape
the weighty drag of the U's and chains from the tips of her breasts, but that
only resulted in having my head dragged back by the swaying of my naked, heavy
breasts.

   Ilsa was well satisfied with the moan of  utter despair emerged from janet's
bitted mouth, and the desperate rolling of her eyes from side to side within the
limits of her blinkers. She was well pleased with etate of anxiety, frustration,
discomfort and pain that the complicated bondage had produced in the sluts mind.
She would be in continual pain, desperation and exhaustion very soon and would
learn a lasting and painful lesson as a result of her lack of cooperation.
 .
  
   With brimming eyes, she fearfully watched the controlling lines being led out
in front then locked to their connection points. The rings to which they were
clipped, though solidly affixed to the frame of the treadmill, were in fact
attached to spring-loaded, sliding switches. For the moment they looped slightly
downwards. Ilsa coiled her regular leather reins in her left hand, then looked
deeply into janet's eyes and face, shadowed within the blinkers.

   "It's time for you to pay the price of your disobedience and lack of
cooperation you disgusting slut" weas all that Ilsa said.
  
   At janet's back, Ilsa connected a dangling coil cord to a jack on a short
wire emerging from the crotch strap of her harness. Its other end was connected
to a deeply skewering dildo mounted securely on the interior surface of her
tightly secured crotch strap.

   Janet's gasping moan of misery at what was about to happen to her echoed
hollowly around the small sound-proofed room in which she was to be left for the
next 4 hours. She began to prance in place on the slowly moving rubber tread,
nervously straining to prepare herself. Ilsa's hand moved to the control panel,
then beneath her naked feet the belt began to slide away from under her slowly
prancing soles.
 
    Ilsa stepped back, having activated the automatic exercise program she was
now compelled to submit to and then came to stand beside her while she jogged
along, held in her place on the belt. She couldn't turn her head to look at her,
for the blinkers required her to stare directly forward at her reflection in the
mirror; concentrating on walking and running within the confines of the
shortened hobble chain on her ankles.

   "See you soon, slut", smirked a satisfied Ilsa
  
   Janet released a pleading moan as she realised that she would be left on her
own to obey the merciless automatic exercise program from which there would be
no release for...how long?... and a string of saliva escaped the tightly drawn
steel...there was to be no mercy, no escape until her cruel persecutors
permitted. Janet had to do as she was commanded. After a final check on her
restraints, Ilsa walked to the end of the room then closed the door softly
behind her. Janet heard the muffled click of the three locks when their bolts
shot home, imprisoning her in the hidden chamber at the far end of the deep
basement.

   Now completely alone she began the routine that would mercilessly take her to
utter despair and exhaustion, over and over again. She was completely isolated
in her room of torture and tears. Other than the treadmill and her chains, only
a pair of video cameras broke the desolation of the stark concrete walls,
ceiling, and floor. The room was brightly illuminated by bulbs within armoured
glass domes in the ceiling; but she was sure that her exercise chamber was
completely sound proofed and no one would hear her screams, sobs, or her
desperate begging to be freed.

   At first she was walked slowly, being warmed up for the more strenuous
exercise to come. For the moment, the gentle snubbing of her hobble chains,
tugging against her wide steel ankle cuffs, was only a mild annoyance, and she
was easily capable of maintaining her required position. Even so, the movements
of the reins to her inter-connecting chains made her tensioned and unsupported
breasts swing uncomfortably back and forth, tugging constantly at her bit.
Suddenly it finally dawned on janet that this was not only exercise, but
discipline too! She attempted to lower her head to ease the tension; but the
tight reins prevented any relief, she had to endure the very uncomfortable
restriction as best she could.

   The treadmill slowly began to accelerate and the sounds of her naked feet
upon the belt increased to a staccato beat. The snapping of her hobble wires
became a continuous slithering accompaniment to her bondage, and, to keep up
with the increasing speed and avoid the tugging control and demand of the
treadmill's reins, she had to rise up onto her toes when she began to jog.
Naturally, her breasts also began to sway and bounce more and more with her
increased exertion, and in moments the painful and continual jerking of the
steel shackles embedded in her nipples became a torment she couldn't ignore.
Sharp moans of distress echoed in the small chamber; but she was completely
alone. No one heard her cries. It felt, to janet, as though the thick steel
posts in her nipples were intelligent demons of torment! For a minute or so she
was kept at this pace, then once more the machine accelerated! Her keening wail
of despair filled the room while her flying feet fought to attain the speed that
was required to hold her place; but it was a losing battle. Slowly, she was
drawn further and further backward along the treadmill belt!

   Wildly apprehensive, her eyes flickered back and forth within the limiting
confines of the blinker panels while she observed the slow, inevitable
tightening of the chains to her nipple connecting chains! With a bit gagged and
strangled scream, she howled helplessly, still trying to keep up with the
insatiable and ultimately unfulfillable demand of the machine; anticipating the
pain that was soon to be hers.

   The fastening of her reins and wearing of the blinkers forced her to look
ahead and observe the tightening of the potently controlling lines fastened to
her body! They slowly straightened, then, while she continued to loose ground,
they began to pull ever more firmly at the evil chains! The dragging at her
breasts and nipples soon became an unbearable burden, and she screamed wildly,
trying to run even faster!

   For a moment, she succeeded in easing the tension, and managed to stare
wildly in tears a little off to the side, then the demand of the treadmill
reasserted itself when she slowed. Its speed now remained constant and her feet
and legs were a blur of motion, the increasingly sore soles of her naked feet
thundered along on the speeding treadmill belt. The snapping hobble wires
sounded as a constant background, for now, her stamina was being truly tested.
Janet could barely manage to maintain the speed that had been reached and when
she failed to do so, she was subjected to the horrible, inescapable drag on her
breasts and nipples! Gasping wails of tear-filled desperation from the effort to
maintain her speed pulsed from her collared throat; but she was helplessly
chained and vulnerable; totally alone with no one to take pity on or release
her. She couldn't help but slow eventually and of course when she did, the reins
to her chest tightened into straight lines of thrumming, painful discipline.
Janet ran on and on, endlessly encouraged by her fastenings to improve her
endurance.

   Suddenly the tightening reins activated a switch!

   Deep within her loins, the dildo unleashed at first a mild series of
electrical impulses into the surrounding flesh! She screamed lustily and almost
collapsed from the intimate torture; writhing her hips and lower body
instinctually and automatically to try and escape the pulses. Again and again
they assaulted the sensitive interior flesh of her cunt, then, in a wild
flailing of disorganized legs, she lost her footing on the speeding belt! Her
nipple restraint chains tightened even more, escalating the power surging
through her body and wringing yet more agonized screams from the captive woman.
The pulses ceased for thirty seconds and she struggled frenziedly to regain her
position, knowing that if she failed the shocks would again discipline her for
not attaining and staying at the demanded level of exertion. Tears of fear and
misery trickled from her eyes and down her face under the tight straps of her
bit. Shaking her head against the restriction of the bridle, its bit, and the
tight reins, she tasted their saltiness, weeping piteously, trying to beg for
her freedom. It was no use. She was condemned, by her own behaviour, to spend
goodness knows how long like this like this!

   At last the machine slowed, and although she felt that she'd been running for
hours and hours, in reality it had only been 30 minutes. She was allowed to rest
for 3 more minutes, slowly pacing along the tread until a low chime sounded from
the pedestal.

   Once more the treadmill slowly increased its speed, until she was again drawn
into the hazy world of unending exercise; wailing and pleading for release while
being driven to further and further heights of pain. She was totally controlled
by these crual and sadistically minded women

   Deep in her mind a clock seemed to slow, and somehow it felt to her as though
she'd always done this, and that she would always be here, in this room. The
next few hours were an endless time of solitary trauma for the captive female.
On the television set in the relaxing room for the Staff further along the
corridor Ilsa watched her perform, as her program demanded she should. The
Exercise Chamber, equipped with 2 strategically placed, colour TV cameras,
presented her with multiple views of her straining and relentlessly contollled
body.
......................................
.

Add 12, Mick
Ilsa watched the monitors with a great deal of satisfaction. She couldn't help
rubbing her clit a little while enjoying the show going on in the exercise
room..

"I bet this slut feels sorry that she didn't corporate for a long time ago right
now. All she had to do was to tell us what we need to know. I have of course not
told her that we might decide to keep her in these excellent facilities for a
while when she has talked. She really is a good looking woman and I'm sure the
Commandant would like to have her under his command when she have got some
proper slave training" Ilsa said to Helga

"Sure he would! I'm not sure this slut will ever talk.. I really think she will
rather collapse than talk. I have been thinking that it is of course a pleasure
treating her but the information she got isn't that important as we have already
got most of it from the new French slut. She really spoke like a bird when she
was put into the last mean of torture." Helga answered

"Sure she did!! It was just so nice finding out that she was so afraid of small
creatures. The sweet ants really did their job more than excellent. I just can't
help being excited when thinking on the look at her face when I
mounted the catheter and the tight fitting cunt spreader with the lid at the end
deep inside her filthy cunt, while she was looking scared like hell at the glass
filled with the big brown ants. The ants don't like to be trapped
and that means they will immediately try to find a way out. While doing this
they leak this excellent waste, which act like acid on the human body causing
extreme pain to her most private and sensitive parts of the body.
I'm sure it just feels like the cunt is crimpling home of creatures when it is
nicely filled with these ants. She surely was screaming nicely through her gag
when I filled the cunt almost entirely with the ants. It is so
exciting to look at the ants doing their work through the small window in the
cunt spreader. It really look like the cunt is a living creature while filled
with them, I really think ants are the most busy animals I know. She
just begged me for removing her gag so she could tell me all we wanted to know.
I have been discussing all this with the Commandant and he agree with me that
her information won't be that important though it is always nice to hear the
same told from two different women. But as it is quite easy to check if she has
told the truth it is not that important. Therefore we have decided to transfer
her from the block one, Interrogation, to block 3, Slave Training, as the
Commandant has the feeling that she can be an excellent slave ready to do what
she is told and to accept her position as the lowest ranking person worth
nothing and with only one purpose and that will be to serve her Master in all
matters with no limits. As this block contains cells and cages of all different
kinds as well as exercise and training rooms I don't see any troubles in making
a good slave of her. Maybe slut janet don't agree with me but her opinion
doesn't count at all!! I hardly can wait to begin the real training. I'm sure
the nurses taking care of the training when we are absence will find her quite
enjoyable as well. They really do a good job in this block. These French sluts
and bitches really deserve this causing our brave soldiers so much trouble doing
their job."  Ilsa said with sadistic smile at her face.

"I totally agree. It will be a pleasure to have her in the slave block. We
presently only have a few stored there and it could be fine with some new flesh"
Helga answered

Both Helga and Ilsa loved this block as it was different working there. When
extracting information it was always a matter of time meaning they sometimes had
to end an exciting ordeal before it was preferred as this particularly ordeal
didn't seem to have the effect wanted. Then they had to end it long before they
did want it in order to put her into a new kind of torture. They always had to
seek the weak points of the victim. They did the same with the slaves but with
them it wasn't a matter of time. If the slaves didn't behave well while
'visiting' the Commandant they were just put into some new and more
'interesting' training in order to learn what it is all about. It was still a
matter of breaking the women and make them realise that the treatment produced
by the Commandant was preferable compared to the treatment in the training
block. But they could still take the time needed to have all the pleasure they
wanted while doing it. They had the possibility to do some long term treatment
in this block without having to think about when some pieces of information is
needed.
They both watched the monitor again and enjoyed janet's struggling during her
treadmill walk. She really looked extremely exhausted and in extreme pain caused
by the nipple chains, dildo and feet chains. The feet restraints caused her
severe pain as they were made of steel and did cut into the flesh each step due
to the hobble chain limiting her movement.

"The Commandant has noticed that she is a bit fat. He want her to loose some
kilos. This exercise do help but I have been doing a great deal of thinking
concerning this. I have actually made a bet with the Commandant that I can make
her loose eight kilos within three weeks. As she isn't that fat it is more
difficult to do weight control but I have some ideas in order to win this bet. I
just hate to be a looser! We have agreed that we will put her on the scale when
this ordeal is completed and when this is done I have three weeks to prove that
it is possible. Isn't it exciting?" Ilsa asked Helga

"Sure it is. I'm sure you have some good and exciting ideas for this!" Helga
answered with a sadistic smile.

Inside the exercise room janet had huge troubles. She was just so tired and she
had her doubts for how long she would be able to continue. Her breasts were in
extreme pain as she had severe problems with keeping the speed causing the
connected reins to drag in the chains and thereby her nipples. Additionally the
dragging caused the bridle to move in her mouth just adding to her discomfort.
She frantically tried to cope with the demands of the treadmill as she was not
sure she would be able to take an additional amount of current in her sore
pussy. Furthermore the broad feet manacles chains connected with to the short
hobble chain did cut into her legs each step she took. This was more than she
could take.

"If they don't come back soon and release me I'm not sure I will be able to go
through this" janet was frantically thinking trying to increase speed again as
she had about ten centimetres of fallback on the band causing the reins to drag
in the chains again. She really was thinking if it was worth all this. But she
knew her friends would be in deep troubles it she did talk. She had tried to
tell a lie once and it has failed.

"It isn't worth  giving it a second try" she thought. She had to pay the price
for thinking and not concentrating on her ordeal as she once again heard the
horrible click telling her she had decreased speed too much making
the springs activating the switch for her dildo.

"Ooooooaaauuuu... please. Make it stop.....I can't take it anymore" she cried
out reducing speed even more just to cause her more pain in her breasts. Her
cunt was in a kind of cramp making it even more difficult to increase speed
again. Finally it did stop again and she knew she had 30 seconds to be in
position again. With a great deal of troubles she managed to increase speed in
order to be in the right position on the band again.

In the rest room both Ilsa and Helga noticed janet's troubles with keeping the
speed required.

"She is about to collapse!! We can either decide to stop it or I can adjust the
program. If we continue like this she will do permanent damage to her breasts.
Normally I wouldn't care about this but as the Commandant want her as his slave
we have to be careful not doing any permanent damage. I think I will adjust the
program as I don't think she has struggled enough yet. Let's decrease the speed
to continuously fast walking and let her have one second current each two
minutes to encourage to move on" Ilsa said while adjusting the program for the
machine again.

"I think you are right. A few more minutes and she would not be able to move on
anymore" Helga answered.

In the exercise room janet started to walk again after the 30 seconds break.

"OH no, within a few minutes it will increase speed again. I don't think I will
be able to do it once more. My body is totally exhausted" janet was thinking but
then she suddenly felt the dildo giving her a jolt again.

"AUUUoooch, what now!! I haven't decreased speed activating the switch but I'm
still punished. Why this?" janet was thinking being in extreme pain in her cunt
again.

She kept on walking fast for two minutes then she felt a strong jolt in her cunt
again.

"OOouuuch.... Once again without activating the switch. They must have changed
something" janet was thinking. Though she only had to do fast walking it still
did cause her severe troubles as her body was so exhausted due to the hard
exercise she previously had to do.


add 13, janet

   I was just so confused, even though the regimen of the previous routine was
hard and very painful and even though she was almost completely exhausted, at
least I knew where I stood and what to expect next...now with this change in the
routine I was quite unsettled, I just didn't know what was going to happen next.
The only thing that could be said was that things were just a little easier for
me, still painful but a little easier.

   At that moment I realised that the door had opened and someone, perhaps
others too had entered the room. Then I saw Ilsa as she moved into my line of
sight.

   "Well slut, not quite so perky now are you, we have been watching your
progress from our comfortable quarters after enjoying an excellent meal and now
refreshed and re-invigorated we have returned to join you and prepare you for
your next interesting chapter in your miserable existence, but firstjust to show
you that we are not entirely without compassion we are going to release you and
feed you," sneered Ilsa with a sardonic curl to her thin lips.

   I just couldn't believe this, I was sure she was again making empty promises
just to build me up to again dash what was left of my spirit...but no, Helga had
moved forward and was quickly releasing and removing my restraints while Ilsa
roughly removed the dreaded dildo from my sore and aching cunt. The removal of
my nipple clamps was agonising as the blood rushed in to my sore and extended
nipples, but gradually the pain subsided and soon I stood unsteadily erect, head
bowed coping as well as I could with my continuing discomfort.

   Then to my complete surprise Ilsa put a bottle to my lips and as she tipped
it I thirstily gulped down mouthfuls of water, some of which ran from the
corners of my mouth and ran dripping down my naked body. When she removed the
empty bottle I looked down and there on the floor were two large bowls, on
filled with water and the other some brownish looking substance. My wrists were
again cuffed behind me and I was told to kneel on the floor and enjoy my 'meal'.

   I crashed rather noisily to the floor, hurting my knees in the process, but
couldn't wait to bury my nose in the brownish mess in front of me. Surprisingly
it didn't taste too bad, rather too spicy and salty, but I was so starved of
food anything would have been acceptable. I paused momentarily to drink from the
other bowl, while Helga replenished the food and then as I switched back to the
food bowl, I saw her out of the corner of my eye, replenishing the drinking
bowl.

   I was beginning to get rather suspicious, when finally the bowls were empty,
Ilsa grabbed hold of what was left of my filthy, matted hair and painfully
dragged me to my feet again.

   "Now, you filthy, slut, I am sure you would want to show your gratitude of
our kind treatment of you and so you shall, just a few minor adjustments first
of all and then you may do ,"

   I immediately quailed within me, I knew it...I thought to myself...it is all
too good to be true! Suddenly I was taken by the elbows and steered towards the
door and then into the corridor. I suddenly felt so embarrassed, sweaty, dirty,
welted, bedraggled AND naked, as nicely clothed men and women were moving up and
down the corridor. Some glanced across at me mostly the men, smiled and winked
at Ilsa and Helga on either side of me.

   "Yes, I know you randy guys, just be patient,"  commented Ilsa, whatever did
she mean by that I wondered, but not for long as I was pushed into another room
and roughly pushed once again to my sore knees. As I glanced around I could see
a low but comfortably upholstered type of couch with a reclining back to it. I
heard something flop onto the floor behind me and warm hands begin to fondle
between my legs, spreading wide before my knees were roped to two rings mounted
in the floor. My ankles were then lifted and painfully twisted to be chained to
my wrist cuffs, making me feel rather unstable kneeling as I was on my sore
knees.

   "Keep still and maintain your balance, slut or you will receive such a
thrashing you'll wish you had," demanded Ilsa and I concentrated all my effort
on doing just that! Meanwhile Helga was attaching terminals to my naked body,
one to that delicate spot just above my clit and others to each of my still sore
and red nipples. The wires from the terminals were then attached to what
appeared a control box with buttons on a stand to the right of the reclining
couch.

   The door opened and in walked a fairly big, middle aged woman who immediately
hiked up her skirt, dropped and removed her panties and lay back with a sigh on
the reclined couch and closed her eyes. "Now slut, you are ready to show you
thanks for our kind treatment in providing you with such an excellent meal. This
hard working lady  requires some relaxation and relief and you are going to
provide the latter. If your performance is not up to her expectations you will
be given some encouragement."

   Immediately an elctric shock ripped through the base of my stomach. I
juddered with the jolt and let out a scream of surpise, but even as I did so
another jolt ripped through my right breasts and again I gave another yelp. "So
now you know what will happen if your performance is not your very best,"
continued Ilsa, as the reclining lady lady smiled at me and nodded her head,
with her finger fondling one of the buttons on the dial, "of course it can
easily get worse than that. now get your head down, please her, or else."

   ...And so it began a steady stream of female guards entered the room, hiked
up their skirts, reclined on the comfortable couch and presented their hairy
genitals to me for
oral satisfaction.
   Given the fact that some of these women were not all that careful about their
personal hygiene, it was often a rather unappetizing task as well as a degrading
one, but the slightest hesitation on my part was met with a swift and sure
punishment through the electrical contacts placed so strategically on the
various points of my naked body which very quickly persuaded me to speedily
overcome my initial reluctance and I would quickly bury my tongue deeply and and
even rub her sticky clit with the end of my nose in an urgent attempt to bring
her speedily to orgasm.

   When I thought my ordeal was almost at an end, I suddenly felt something hard
pushing at my spread ass. Suddenly hands hand smacked down hard on my naked ass
cheeks and I heard a man whisper, "It'll go easier for you if you relax that
asshole of yours, because that's where my cock is going."

   I knew what he meant, did my best and groaned with pain as her thrust his
stiff penis into me, going deeper and deeper into my rectum with each thrust
until he suddenly erupted with a huge groan of relief. I could feel his cock
throbbing as a huge jet of spunk shot deep into my bowel.
   He abruptly withdrew and I suddenly realised that I could feel a disturbing
movement deep in my bowel, a discomfort quite apart from other pains I had been
experiencing, but now my attention was taken by another presence behind me and I
was fucked forcibly and fast deep in my cunt this time, while another young male
pushed back the couch a little, perched on its front end and grabbing my hair
raised my head, ready to use my mouth. Soon I was coughing and spluttering, but
swallowing as fast as I could while his friend behind me was slapping my
buttocks hard as he spewed another lot of cum deep inside my asshole....and so
it went on and on as I was fucked and smothered, shocked and slapped desperately
doing my best to please all comers....and then it was over...or was it!

   Eventually I was released, hauled to my feet and made to stand at the present
while Ilsa lectured me.

   "Well, Janet...(I couldn't believe my ears that for the first time I heard my
real name used for....I don't know how long!)...you have nothing to tell us, we
know that now, for all your 'colleagues' have been persuaded to tell us all we
want to know, so you are useless to us from that point of view."

   ...again I could not believe what she was saying and I was finding it rather
hard to concentrate with the discomfort in my bowel and the slowly increasing
urgency to pee....

   "so it seems that some of us are soon going to miss you. Helga will you
please bring over that plastic bag for Janet to check?" asked Ilsa, releasing my
shackled wrists.

    Helga loosened the string around the neck of the bag and opened it for me to
look into it. Immediately I felt my eyes filled with tears as I saw what was
inside. It was my clothes!...the very same clothes I had been wearing when I was
arrested...oh, how long ago!!! I had been an educated and successful accountant
then, but now I was just a bruised, battered and humiliated slut having been
accused of stealing money to pass on to underground groups to help them pursue
their activities against the enemy.
    During that entire time she had been locked up, interrogated and tortured I
had been naked, seldom in the skimpy prison gown most female inmates wore. It
felt very strange to me to be putting on my own clothes again, modest cotton
panties, bra, hose, a simple dark skirt, white blouse and sweater. I soon looked
almost like the demure young women I'd been before my arrest. The only thing
that indicated otherwise was the drying cum that still clung to my face and what
was left of my lovely long hair, now matted with filth, sweat and cum. Amazingly
my clothes still fitted me reasonably well...a little large for me now, perhaps
I had clearly lost weight during my stay at in the prison,

   "Doesn't she look pretty...." one of the guards who had just fucked her said.
Ilsa smiled her enigmatic and cruel smile, but just said, "Here put these on
now, over you other filthy knickers!" and handed me what appeared to be a pair
of oversized heavy plastic pants. I didn't hesitate, but noticed how tightly
they clung to my waist and thighs.

   "Now a little fresh air for you while we await your final clearance" Again my
wrists were cuffed and I was led out of the room into the corridor. I couldn't
help noticing the smiles and smirks of those staff members passing by, but I was
too excited but at the same time also concerned about the growing pressure in my
bowel and bladder.  Outside in an open walled courtyard  I was made her stand at
attention in the hot sun while the door was closed and locked

   "It will be a little while your papers are checked and final clearance is
granted, so my wrists were shackled to a short post in the centre, Immediately I
could feel my sweat running down her my body, as I stood in the appropriate
position, legs wide, chest up and out, head up with eyes squinting uncomfortably
into the hot, bright sun.

   "Make sure you maintain that position Janet, you know the penalty if you
don't...and we don't want anything to delay your departure, do we." smiled Ilsa

   I knew I would hold that position till someone returned. I well knew that the
punishment for breaking position was three days of agony chained naked standing
in the sun, and whipped daily. Ilsa and Helga turned on their heels and left,
chuckling quietly to each other...but I was too concerned with the ever growing
pressure in my bowel and bladder and wondered just how much longer I could hold
on.

   As I stood there perspiring freely under my clothes in the hot sun, it
suddenly dawned on me that I had been set up. The liberal portions of the salty,
spicy food, the ample supply of water for me to drink...more recently the heavy
plastic knickers I had to draw on over my own panties...that's it, she thought
to herself, just a final cruel, humiliating and degrading joke, a last torment
before she was released. It didn't matter.  Whatever dignity she'd ever had was
long gone.

   I had been clenching for some time now, desperately trying to hold
back...why, I thought, it is bound to happen eventually, they are not coming
back until it has happened...
they are probably watching me and laughing to themselves at this very minute.

   But to soil myself in this manner...oh how could I...and in my own clothes as
well, even though they are all creased and dirty...I close my legs quickly and
hold on...but then it happens...my anus finally opens and out rushes all the
pent filth straight into my own panties...I could feel it spreading around my
buttocks and between my legs as my bladder released at the same time...there was
only one plus and that was the relief from the grinding pains and spasms I had
endured in my bowels, but uugghh! the awful result.

   With the tears of utter humiliation streaming down my cheeks, I sagged in
utter dejection at the wooden post, sobbing as if my heart would break. At this
moment Ilsa and Helga reappeared as if on cue.

   "Oh dear, slut, it looks as if you will be with us a little longer. You have
broken the position you were meant to maintain and you know the penalty for that
don't you...and it looks and smells as if you have also lost control of your
bowels and bladder. You two, over hear and strip this filthy cunt while Helga
holds a bag to collect her clothes. Well I don't think you will ever be needing
them any more you disgusting slut."

   Quickly the bag was filled and sealed ready for disposal. Once again I was
stark naked, but now the lower part of my body was covered in my own filth.
"Bring over that hose, and wash the filthy slut down." ordered Ilsa.

   The hard stream of cold water assaulted my naked body, punishing my now naked
breasts and
exposed cunt. Eventually I was left gasping and dripping, while they hosed my
effluent down the nearest drain. In due course I was fully chained... a chain
hobble to my ankles, my wrists then behind my back, a waist and neck chain was
also added. She was ready to be moved away except for a short pole between my
neck chain and wrist shackles. This forced my arms to extend straight down
behind me, to this a chain was snapped from my wrists to each ankle and a thin
leather strap, was attached between my legs from the front of my waist chain to
the back. It was cinched tight, slipping between my now puffy and sore labia.
  
   I walked stiffly at first, but soon I was moving a little more quickly with
little hobbled steps as I was lead by a neck leash, inside and back down the
passage. By this time I had pretty well lost all hope of release.

   Soon I was standing before the Commandant, flanked by Ilsa on one side and
Helga on the other, with the two young assistants just behind. Soon a female
clerk from the office
deliver a brown manila folder to the Commandant.

   Trembling with fear I waited for what seemed like hours for the Commandant to
scan the pages. Then he eventually spoke.

   "I'm afraid I have some very bad news for you, my dear. I've reviewed your
case file and I've decided to extend your sentence for you to be how shall I say
umm 're-educated'..."

   I just knew it and felt her heart sink.
 
   He continued, "I see you have been extremely uncooperative, lacking in
enthusiasm and expertise when required to sexually service members of staff. We
have no further need to interrogate you for the purposes of extracting
information, we have all we need, but clearly you outlook and attitude needs to
be improve along with many other skills you need to acquire. You will be leaving
here, however.  I'm sending you to When Ilsa and Helga think you are ready for
it and that will be at some time after the punishment you have already accrued.
I'm auctioning the authority for you to be  transferred to block 3, for
intensive slave training."

    I was now trembling and tears were streaming down my cheeks.
"NOOooooo!!!!!!" I wailed as my world completely collapsed about me.
  
   Suddenly the two assistant guards gripped me, by my arms as I was sobbing and
moaning and led me brusquely from the room.

   "Well done ladies," I heard the Commandant remark, as I left the room, "that
will have broken her spirit. Make sure you warm her hide well when you have her
tied outside for her punishment."

Add 14, Mick
"Take her away and let me know about her progress during her training. I'm sure
she will do well when the excellent and skilful crew in block 3 have been 'kind'
to her for some weeks. As she won't talk and we actually don't need the
information she holds that bad I think it is just perfect to have some different
fun with her. Furthermore it might be that she decide to talk during the 'kind'
and 'caring' treatment she will receive in this block in order to make it stop
just as an additional bonus" the Commandant said.

"As you wish, my Commandant. I'm sure Olga and her helpers will be delighted to
take care of her. Furthermore she is lucky as she will have company. You know
they are always called novice sluts during the initial phase and we have just
decided to 'promote' paula to novice slut as well." Ilsa said and turned her
attention to me and shouted

"And you just remain silence. As you don't want to talk we will fulfil your
wish. Novices are not allowed to talk at all unless they are directly addressed
and supposed to answer. Breaking this rule will be severely punished. And I can
assure you that in block 3 they have more equipment for punishing disobedience
slaves that you would ever imagine in your wildest nightmare. Just wait and see.
In a few hours you will be transferred and allowed to see it all. Sometimes we
have novices who never learn. Then we have huge amounts of different gags going
from the relatively harmless rubber gags just covering the mouth to really cruel
brank and bridles extremely painful to wear for any length of time. The choice
of gag will depend on the degree of disobedience and what the trainer like.
Novices have no rights at all meaning all choices are made by the crew training
them. All this means the more disobedience you are the more unpleasant and
painful your stay in this block will be" Ilsa said smiling like she cared about
how I felt about what she told and she actually did. She just loved to look at
the scared faces she always saw when introducing the women to this block. Ilsa
really loved this block as she could do whatever she felt for to the women being
kept in this block. Furthermore there were almost no limits concerning how much
money she did spend to create new equipment for training them. Sometimes she had
luck making equipment that was used in the interrogation block as well.

"Why not put this slut in some nice transport equipment? I just think I know
what will do her good! Helga will you get a nice steel 'dress' for this new
novice slut?" Ilsa asked

"Sure, I think you are right. When walking all the way to block 3 dressed in
these steel restraints I'm sure she knows what it is all about." Helga answered
and went to an adjacent block. When she returned she brought with her some
extremely heavy and scaring looking steel devices.

"You see this? " Ilsa asked me

I remained silence as they had told me not to talk.


"Oooooooooh, That's good you stinking slut. You have already learned. It is just
too bad for you that I have decided to gag you anyway. Helga, cuff her hands
behind the back so she doesn't infer during mounting the head cage." Ilsa
ordered

Helga approached me and she roughly dragged my hand behind the back and cuffed
them extremely tight making the steel cut into my hands.

"Good, now open wide making it possible to let the gag enter your mouth" Ilsa
said to me while opening the bird cage like brank. What I saw inside just made
me sick. On the inside of the cage a huge dildo like iron rod pointed inwards.
It was obviously that the cage made of broad steel bands almost covering the
head of the victim entirely only could be locked around the head if the rod was
deeply inserted into the mouth. I was just that close to complain when thinking
about what she had told about 'novices' that did talk too much. I just waited to
the inevitable entering into my mouth but I kept my mouth closed. It was no use
making it easy for them. It didn't take long before my mouth opened in a loud
scream as I felt two fingers parting my cunt lips finding my clit and squeezing
it to the limit between two fingers.

"Excellent, now I can mount it" Ilsa shouted and she quickly forced the rod deep
into my mouth and it actually felt like it did enter my throat as well. Then she
quickly closed the cage aroung my head and padlocked it with two heavy padlocks.
One placed at the back and one securing the broad collar around my neck. I shook
my head from side to side and made gagging sounds. I felt like I had to vomit
though I knew there was nothing to throw up. Moving the head just made the broad
collar cut into my neck and the cage to irritate my head even more. I knew this
cage just remained firm in place until Ilsa or someone else decided to unlock
the heavy padlocks.

Ilsa and Helga just stood in front of me and enjoyed the 'show'.

"Now you don't have to think about whether you will tell us what we want to know
or not. Now you can't speak meaning we have made the choice for you. We have
decided that you don't want to speak and therefore it is no need that you
continue to think about this" Ilsa said laughing loudly.

"Now let's fit the steel harness." Ilsa said smiling evilly at me.

"You see it has a front and rear dildo. As you have two holes it is just
perfect. We are lucky that it doesn't have a dildo more. Then we would have to
make another hole for this as well. Furthermore it has been fitted with three
steel plates at the front. When mounted your cunt lips will be in each side of
the middle plate. Can you imagine what will happen when I turn these two screws
mounted front and rear of the plates? Look, the space between the two side
plates and the middle plate are reduced! I guess you can imagine what this means
when your sensitive flesh of you filthy cunt lips are located between them? I
don't think there will be enough room for them as well meaning they must be
reduced in thickness. But don't worry, they can be extremely thin. Maybe you
won't like it but I don't think you have any choice my worthless novice slut.
Furthermore the rear dildo is mounted on a special construction. It is mounted
to a horizontal steel rod, which can move the dildo up and down. The steel rod
is strapped to your right loan halfway down. When this is done the dildo will
move in and out of you each step you take. The spring mounted to the dildo will
ensure that it goes back 'home' when it is dragged out of you filthy extremely
disgusting smelling ass hole. Furthermore it has of course been mounted on a
slot making sure it will never be dragged all the way out of your ass. We want
it to remain in this filthy hole making sure no leak will be seen during your
walking. It is told that it really feels like the victim is about to defecate
but 'shit' goes back into the ass each time it is almost out during this ordeal.
Quite interesting for you I'm sure you will agree with me when you enter block 3
when you have succeeded moving you smelly body to this place. " Ilsa said
laughing again.

They started mounting the harness. It was no need removing the cuffs as it has
been constructed for mounting while the victim had her hands behind the back.
First I felt the huge rear dildo enter my ass. They were kind enough to grease
it before inserting it. Otherwise it would have been impossible. I just felt
like my ass was on fire. I had always hated anal sex and now I just had to
accept it. I tried to scream but it was almost impossible due to the terrible
brank with the dildo. Then I felt the front dildo enter my cunt. I was huge and
long as well almost touching my pelvis. Ilsa took care of the insertion while
Helga was busy making sure my cunt lips were located on each side of the middle
plate.

"Now let's hurry up locking the waist band around her waist and tighten the
shoulder bands as well making sure it cuts into her skin making each step for
her an ordeal it self. " Ilsa said

They did busy tighten and locking it all on my torso pressing the front and rear
dildo even further up inside me. It just felt like my torso was rigid and it did
cut like hell into my skin.

"And now let's make sure the filthy cunt lips remain between the plates!" Ilsa
said while turning the screws. I could feel how it slowly began to squeeze my
cunt lips sending waves after waves of additional pain through my body.

"Sttttoooooooopppp, pppplllllleeaaasse" I tried to scream but almost no sound
did escape my mouth.

The two evil women just laughed.

"Ohhh, the slut doesn't like it. Don't be a baby! It's just the beginning of you
weeks of training. You have felt nothing yet!" Ilsa said turning the screws
again.

"OK, I think this will do it. They are nicely squeezed between the plates. Now
for the final part! Take position like you is walking with the left leg as far
as it can go forwards and the right back and remain in this position until you
receive new orders!" Ilsa shouted at me squeezing my nipple extremely. I did as
I was told knowing it was no use to be stubborn. She then strapped the leather
strap connected to the horizontal rod tightly to my left load forcing the rear
dildo up in my ass to the rod. I now know that this position while walking meant
the plug was up inside me and when it was backwards it would be dragged out of
my already sore asshole.

"Now legs beside each other and spread them as far as you can!" Ilsa ordered
while hit me with a real stinger with a riding likely whip on my left ass cheek.
I hurried up doing as told.

"I bet you are happy when I tell you that this will be the last part of the
equipment. As I think it can be aaahh let's say more interesting if we take care
of your nipples as well during your trip to block 3 I have decided to take care
of them as well" she said while attaching a chain to each nipple ring. She then
dragged the chains through two rings mounted in level of my ears on each side of
the head cage and she the let them rest on my back. She then produced a padlock
and dragged my cuffed hands up towards my neck forcing my arms up in an award
position. She then padlocked the chains connected to my nipple rings to the
short link between the cuffs.

"I think this will make you try to keep your arms in this position though it
might be quite exhausting. If you lower your arms it will mean pain in your
nipples. Forcing them further up towards your neck will reduce the stress in the
nipples. It will be your own choice. What will your choice be? Will it be pain
in the arms or pain in the nipples or maybe even both? I think you will be able
to tell within a few minutes had you not been so nicely gagged!"  Ilsa said
dragging in the chains connected to my nipple rings sending new waves of pain
through my body.

While telling me this she attached a chain to the front ring of my neck collar.

"As I don't think you know where block 3 is we better guide you. As we know it
might take you some time we will leave this to one of your future friends. I
have decided to let novice slut jill do this. This slut is novice level 2
meaning she has passed the initial training. She is still not allowed any
talking. The only difference is that she is presently going through some
different training and she is sometimes used for cleaning the novice sluts
strapped in positions making it impossible to do it themselves. Furthermore she
is sometimes strapped between the legs of one of the novice sluts just to train
her to accept the ugly smell. She is already quite used to be strapped with her
nose deeply buried in the filthy smelly asshole of a novice slut making it quite
difficult to breathe. All this is done to help her learning and to make her
position clear. A slave is just supposed to do as she is told with no limits.
She has only one purpose and that is to please her Master or Mistress no matter
what they want her to do. Otherwise she will receive further punishment making
her wish she did as she was told." Ilsa instructed me

While telling me this Helga approached us dragging a woman behind her. I just
felt sick watching her. This woman was 'dressed in black rubber from top to toe.
The dress had only four holes two under her nose and two for her eyes.
Furthermore her body was encaged of an extremely tight fitting leather harness.
Her arms had been put in a sleeve behind her back making her breasts stand out
proudly. She really seemed to have huge breasts though they were sealed into
this awful dress. Finally she had been fitted with a rigid broad neck collar
making her walk with head high. The collar had rings at the side and at the
front and back like almost every collar I had seen this place had. Helga had
mounted a chain to the front ring used for dragging the woman behind her.

"Oh I see you are wondering why she is dressed like this. She has been caught
smelling ugly, really disgusting!!. Slaves are supposed to be careful with
hygiene no matter how difficult it is for them. No Mistress or Master accept a
disgusting and dirty slave slut for pleasure. Therefore we have sealed her body
in rubber making the smell remain inside this suit. She will remain in this suit
for at least two days. It's quite 'interesting for her especially in this heat.
We have to give her water through the valve in the hood each two hours. She
pisses and shit in the suit and it remains inside until we decide to remove it.
Then she will have 30 minutes to clean her self. We have a special cleaning room
for this purpose. She is locked into this room and left there until time is up.
If she still smells she will be put into the suit again for additionally three
days next time four days and so on until she has learned to do some proper
cleaning. It's her own choice if she will spend some time for cleaning the suit
as well should she fail the test. If she decides not to clean it she will just
be put into it again as it is. It's an excellent way to teach hygiene to these
worthless slave sluts. I guess you can imagine that it's quite interesting for a
slave to work and sleep in her own shit and piss like this. Some slaves just act
frantically when they discover they have failed again meaning they will spend
some additional days in the suit especially if they have not spend any time for
preparing it again. Now you will be chained to jill and then she will guide you
to block 3. We will sit her outside and enjoy the sun and a bear watching your
trip. You have 45 minutes to do the walking. If you fail you will be further
punished. Superior slave trainer Olga will be awaiting the two of you. I will
now call her and tell her to start the stop watch and then the two of you are
free to start the trip" Ilsa said smiling her evil smile at me.

Ilsa and Helga took position in two comfortable chairs placed outside on each
side of a table with two cold beers.

"OK, you two worthless novice sluts. You are free to start your journey!! I can
imagine that you are looking forward to try how it is walking encaged like this
slut janet?" Ilsa shouted and both Helga and Ilsa laughed loudly while they took
position in the comfortably looking chairs.

Add 15, janet. The journey to block 3

   I was duly chained to jill, who was given a stinging swipe with Ilsa's crop
across her rubber encased ass and she moved forward, dragging me behind her. I
had no option but to follow her, but what an option that was, as I stepped
forward the plug in my butt sawed in and out as I progressed making my already
sore ass even more painful. The pain in my labia was just a constant agony from
the continuous pressure of the metal plates.

   I had now just stopped gagging and retching with the pressure of the gag
touching the back of my throat, but its presence was a constant discomfort to me
together with the cage so firmly and securely placed around my head. Any kind of
movement whatever was extremely painful and I concentrated on keeping my head as
still as possible.

   How long could I put up with this agonising existence? Obviously just as long
as it took me to struggle across to Block 3, where goodness knows what awaited
me. Suddenly I stumbled forward as jill pulled on the attached chain.
Instinctively I moved my arms as if to steady myself, but only succeeded in
stretching my already painful nipples as the attached chain pulled on them.
Additional agonising pain surged through my body as everything I tried NOT to do
happened. My head jerked causing the heavy metal to sink into the soft flesh at
the base of my neck, my nipples were jerked unmercifully causing untold extra
pain, while the pain in my cunt and asshole continued to surge through my lower
body.

   How I struggled on, I just don't know. Perhaps it was just the thought of
what other ghastly things they would do to me if I failed to arrive within the
allotted time...so I just struggled on as best I could.

   Two of Olga's helpers were there to meet us as we arrived. My arms were
firmly gripped and I was lifted bodily inside and carried me to a large room
where I was stood on the floor. Piece by piece the confining restraints that
Ilsa had placed upon me were removed. I just couldn't believe the relief that
flooded through my exhausted body, but I felt certain that this would last only
briefly as completely naked I was led to a waist high table and ordered to climb
up and lie down on my back.

   Immediately, my nose was pinched and a large ring gag was inserted behind my
teeth and tightly strapped around my head, keeping my mouth stretched painfully
open. Each of my legs was dragged back to a point behind my head and roped
tightly together. My buttocks were stretched wide apart an were elevated off the
table. At almost the same time my arms were stretched out to the side and firmly
roped to metal rings strategically placed on the side of the table. The backs of
my knees were now firmly held in my armpits. I was now completely secured in a
very uncomfortable position, fully presented, staring upwards towards the
ceiling, waiting...for what I knew not!

   "Enjoy you rest, novice slut," sneered one of the guards, "Mistress Olga will
be here shortly to inspect you and commence your training, make the most of it!"
she smirked down at me, laughing with the other female as they left the room.

Add 16, Mick, first meeting with Mistress Olga

"Oh, I almost forgot. Mistress Olga would have been extremely mad if we didn't
prepare her well. Please help me doing the last part of her preparation for
Olga's extended examination!" the guard who had secured my hands asked the other
guard.

"Great you did remember. Last time we did forget we were dedicated to the filthy
sluts area for two weeks. It was just disgusting having to treat these soiled
sluts for that long. I take the right side of the table." She answered.

They produced a strange looking device with leather straps and two steel devices
attached to it. I was wondering what this was for but I would surely know within
a few seconds. One of the guards placed the steel plates between my ass cheeks
while the other strapped the device to my lower body. When attached they started
to tighten two leather straps attached to the steel plates and I felt how my ass
check was separated exposing my sore ass hole totally. They continued tightening
the straps until I could feel how my ass hole opened like when you are sitting
on the toilet. I had never been exposed like this before and it really was
humiliating. I couldn't help turn red in my head embarrassed like I felt.

"Oh look, the filthy slut feel ashamed being exposed like this! This is only the
beginning. You will be exposed like this a lot during your training this place.
I'm sure you will get used to it. You might even start to love being exposed for
the whole crowd of inmates and guards showing them what you got. Remember that
in this place your worthless body will be the only thing you will have to deal
with. Right now you can't be more worthless untrained as you are. No Mistress or
Master would even think on having you as their personal slave. But don't worry;
Olga just know how to schedule the right training to make you the perfect slave.
When she is through with the extended initial examination of your body she will
know exactly what will be the perfect training program for you!" The guard told
me and they both laughed

I could see how excited they both were to start doing this in my opinion awful
job to carry out the treatment ordered by this Mistress Olga who I had not seen
yet. Right now I really hoped I would never see her but this wish would surely
not be fulfilled. 

The two evil guards took a last glance at my exposed body and then they turned
around laughing.

"We can't spend more time on her. We have a lot to do. It's feeding time for the
two sluts in the solitary confinement boxes. I'm happy we don't have to spend
much time doing it. I can't think on sluts more disgusting than the sluts in
these boxes. Just the smell is enough for me and then to think about how they
look inside the boxes...ough.. it just makes me feel sick. I wonder for how much
longer Mistress Olga will keep them in these boxes. She has kept them inside the
boxes in more than two weeks now. Just imagine how soiled and disgusting they
are after being boxed that long! The longer it lasts the longer it will take
getting rid of the smell and make them attractive again! Furthermore disgusting
slut jill has been scheduled to be released from the suit again in order to let
her clean herself within 30 minutes. If she still smells she will be put in the
suit for additional three days. What this slut doesn't know is that Mistress
Olga has already made the decision. She will be put back in the rubber suit
again no matter how clean she is! I'm quite exciting to see her desperately
reaction when she hear the 'good' news. Mistress Olga has decided to let her
work in the fields doing hard labour work under the hot baking sun 16 hours a
day all three days and during her time of rest she will be kept in one of the
tiny bed boxes totally isolated from the outer world and the temperature kept on
40 degrees inside the box just three degrees above the normal body temperature
making her stay in the box extremely unpleasant as the body won't be chilled at
all. She will be filled with water to the bursting point before she enters the
box in order to make sure she doesn't dehydrate during the stay. I really think
this will teach her a lesson" I heard her tell the other guard while they were
leaving the room both laughing loudly.

Finally I heard the door clang shut and I was left in silence awaiting the
arrival of Mistress Olga. Mistress Olga! The word Mistress really did something
to me. I knew it meant pain to me and probably a lot of pain and discomfort in
the future until she concluded proper 'trained' as they called it. The word
'training' did send additional waves of coldness through my body. Who did they
think they were? I was a human being and this treatment certainly was inhuman,
degrading, humiliating, unbelievable, unacceptable and a lot of other words. The
problem was that I didn't think I had any choice other than accept the treatment
when thinking on my present condition. Right now escape was totally out of the
question. I would try if I ever got the chance though I knew it would mean
severe punishment if I was caught again but I would surely take this risk. The
problem was that I had noticed that this building was maximum secured. It only
had a few windows and they were all secured with heavy iron bars. Furthermore
entering the block was done through a lock chamber with two heavy steel doors,
which clang shut after being opened. They could only be opened with the right
key. Furthermore I had seen a lot of cells and cages, some of them occupied by
females and some of them empty just awaiting a poor woman to be trapped inside
it. And as being locked inside these cages or cells wasn't enough I saw that
nearly all women locked inside these confinements were additionally secured with
chains, harnesses, collars, manacles, cuffs, leather belts or other kinds of
restraints. It really looked like escape was totally out of the question while
being kept in this block. They really didn't take any chances or maybe the
additional restraints while being kept in the cells or cages just was an
additional part to make the women feel helpless and totally in the mercy of
these evil women and men. And then I  had heard the guards talk about solitary
confinement boxes! It really didn't sound like a preferable place to visit. I
was wondering if they were additionally restrained while being kept in these
boxes as well. It really did sound like there was no way to get rid of the waste
while being boxed. I was wondering how much space they had in the boxes. I just
hoped for them that they were large enough to make it possible to have a clean
and a dirty area now that I knew that all their waste was kept inside the boxes
during their stay inside them.

"How can any women or man be like this? I can't in my wildest nightmare think on
any person who is as evil as they obviously are at this place!" I was thinking
and once again I just hoped so badly that this just was a nightmare and I would
wake up safe in my comfortable bed within a few minutes but again I just had to
realise that this was for real and that I was strapped in this degrading
position alone in a frightening looking room awaiting this Mistress to arrive
who would probably subject me to additional humiliating and painful treatment.
When looking around I could see all kind of devices and restraints hanging on
the walls. One wall didn't hold anything. It had instead been equipped with a
huge amount of rings located in different highs. From some of the rings ran
heavy chains and a few of them were equipped with open collars, manacles or
fetters ready to be clang shut around the neck, hand or foot of the poor victim.
In my present position I could by no means avoid any treatment. My ass and cunt
were totally exposed and so was my breasts and head. Furthermore I did wear this
awful ring gag stretching my jaws to the limit giving easy access to my mouth
and throat. I did already feel dry in my mouth while producing salvia became
more and more difficult. As this wasn't enough I could feel that my bowel and
bladder were full making me feel an urgent need to relieve myself. I didn't dare
to do it right now and furthermore I couldn't think on anything more humiliating
than having to piss and shit in this position. My ass hole was totally opened
but I guessed that gravity did help me to keep the shit inside me making it
possible to avoid to defecate. Controlling the urgent need to pee was more
difficult. I knew that if I failed all the piss would run down my torso soiling
my body and make me stink like a pig. Just to think about how degrading it would
be if I was soiled with piss when this Mistress Olga did arrive made it possible
to hold on at least for a while. I could easily imagine the comments from her if
I did fail! And the unavoidable punishment to follow. Ilsa had told that all
mistakes was severely punished in this block; even small mistakes that in the
normal life would be considered as not important at all could mean twenty
strokes with a whip or paddle!

While having all these thoughts I heard a key being inserted in the lock to the
door and afterwards I heard the heavy steel door being opened. I could not see
the door but I could hear the steps of booted legs. I couldn't see the person
entering the room but I assumed it was Mistress Olga. I heard some noises as
something was wheeled on the floor. Then I heard another door being opened and
the noise of steel equipment being placed on a hard surface. Then all went
silence for a while. I tried turning my head to the side to see what was going
on but my legs and feet cut of all sight to the sides. I just had to wait and
see what would happen. I couldn't help breathing faster being afraid of what
would happen to me strapped in this degrading position so totally exposed and so
vulnerable to any kind of treatment that this woman or man would do to me. I
could even feel my heart starting to beat faster.

Then I heard the noise of the wheels on the hard surface again but still I
couldn't see the person. I just remained silence looking strait up to the
ceiling as this was the most comfortable position if you could speak about being
comfortable in this position.

WHACK, WHACK, WHACK. The sound of a riding whip could be heard in the room and
at the first stroke I just felt a sharp pain in my checks.

"AAAAAAAuuuuuuuuhhhhhhh" I screamed through the horrible ring gag looking
towards the end of the table. In front of the table I saw an extremely good
looking woman with long blond hair and a figure most women in the world would
envy her. It just was the perfect body so well shaped. She had large breasts but
not too large and a torso, which was thin but not too skinny. She really had a
beautiful face though her eyes really looked cold. She was dressed in a tight
fitting leather outfit really exposing her beautiful body. She was wearing a
white doctor coat, which was open giving a clear view of her leather dressed
body. In her right hand she was holding the black riding whip. I could not see
the legs and her boots but I'm sure they just did make her look perfect as the
rest of her dress did. I couldn't help getting tears in my eyes due to the sharp
pain of the three real stingers, which did hit my sore ass checks seconds ago.

"Now I guess I have your attention!!!! My name is Olga! If you are allowed to
address me the name is Mistress Olga every time you want to speak to me. I'm the
chief slave trainer this place responsible directly to Master Mick and Ilsa.
Additionally I'm educated doctor meaning I make sure the slaves in training are
in good health condition. This means you don't have to worry about your health.
As long as I don't stop the training and treatment of you no harm or permanent
damage will occur you. You might sometimes think you are crossing the border of
your pain and endurance limit but this is what it is all about. My job is to
explore your limits in order to make the perfect file about you just ready to be
'served' to the Master or Mistress who want to have you as the personal slave
ready to fulfil whatever they might want of you. I have a pretty large crew of
females and males to help me doing this hard job as it is training sluts like
you. I will gradually introduce you to my helpers later depending on the
training I will consider as the perfect training for you. I can imagine that you
are wondering why you are strapped like this? I always start the training with
an extended examination of the body of the new slave slut. Right now you are
just a worthless peace of meat not able to do anything right. You couldn't even
answer the easy questions Ilsa and Helga asked you! It is of no matter now. From
now on you only speak when you got permission to speak. If you don't want to
speak it is OK with us then we will just help you to carry on with this! Just to
focus your mind of how worthless you are I can tell that even the shit produced
by you is worth more than you are as it can make vegetables grow. Right now you
have nothing to offer but don't worry; when we are through with you then you
will be the perfect slave ready to exceed every thinkable and unthinkable limit
in order to please the Mistress or Master who honour you with taking you as
their personal slave. If you don't really behave well we might decide to mark
you as pain and pleasure slut, which means you will be kept in a tiny cell or
cage and you will only be taken out if they want to amuse themselves with an
additional slave. Especially some of the women this place like to have a slave
they only use as pain slave, which means she is only taken out when they like to
watch their personal slave to treat her badly for instance by ordering her to
whip her badly until the pain slut is on the very limit to faint. If their
personal slave refuse to do it she will take over the place and then the
Mistress will carry out the punishment of her personal slave. When this is done
she will decide the treatment of the pain slut as well in order not to
'disappoint her. In this place we are not interfered by time limits because the
information is needed to a certain time. This means we can continue until we
think you have learned it. It's really a problem during interrogation. If a
woman doesn't react to a certain treatment you sometimes have to stop it and
find new and more 'interesting' means to persuade her to tell us what she knows.
The advantage this place is that we can wait until the treatment starts to work.
For some slaves it takes only a few hours before they beg for mercy for other it
can take days! But it really doesn't matter at all as we have all the time
needed to do the training. The interrogation centre provides us with enough new
'meat' to make this possible. If a slave is stubborn we just keep her for longer
because we nearly always have at least one slave ready for a Mistress or Master.
Most of the time we do have three or maybe even more slaves ready for being put
into 'service' Normally we just put the stubborn slaves into solitary
confinement in severe restraints and then we forget about them for a while. Then
we just have to wait until they beg us to continue with the training. It's
sometimes amazing to hear them beg and ask for treatment. I remember a stubborn
novice slut who actually begged us to whip her with the paddle and she asked for
at least 30 strokes if we would let her out of the cramped space we had offered
her as her new home." Mistress Olga instructed me and stopped for a while
watching my reaction to her words. She just stood there watching me with her
cold eyes and an evil smile at her face.

I just remained silence. Speaking wasn't easy due to the ring gag and
furthermore I was sure that no matter what I told Mistress Olga she would carry
out her evil treatment anyway.

"Now that I think I have made your position in the hierarchy quite clear I think
you are ready for the next step. I assume you have already seen the table I have
wheeled close to you. On this table I have placed all the equipment necessary to
examine your body. It contains both dental and medical equipment as I have to be
sure that your body is in good health condition and shape. I will take both a
defecate and urine sample and check your three orifices carefully in order to
make sure they can be used for their main purpose, which is to please the
Mistress or Master. Your mouth is pretty open meaning I don't think I have to
open it more but your filthy stinking ass hole and your disgusting cunt isn't
like I want it to be in order to take the samples and to do a proper
examination. For this purpose I have this tool" Mistress Olga told me while
holding a speculum in front of my face. It looked like an ordinary speculum with
the 'only' difference that it was just so huge meaning the woman who was
examined with it had to endure severe pains while inserted. It was made of
stainless steel shining in the bright light coming from the large operation lamp
located above the table I was strapped to.

"During the examination I want you to remain perfectly still and I certainly
hope you can provide some bowel and bladder control as I warn you; you will be
very sorry if you soil me during the examination! If we allow you to speak then
you can ask Paula. She couldn't control it. I kept her in one of the 'nice'
solitary confinement boxes for one month. After a week she really begged to be
realised and after 14 days she was about to go insane frantically begging to be
realised. I did of course show no mercy! She just had to pay the price for her
fault. I had to keep her outside for additional 14 days in order to make her
smell well again. I actually was afraid that I would never be able to make her a
good slave as she continued to show signs of mental distress after this
isolation. Furthermore I was afraid I wasn't able to remove the pig smell from
her body. But I did as usual succeed!. Now relax in your filthy ass hole while I
insert this lovely speculum and open it nicely for inspection." Mistress Olga
instructed me while greasing the speculum.

Even though the speculum was closed during the insertion it really caused me a
great deal of pain in my sore ass hole. But it was nothing compared to the pain
when she started to expand it. It had a kind of clicking construction meaning it
remained in position without having to keep it open. Each clip did send waves
after waves of pain through my body.

"AAAAAAooooouuuuuuuuuuhhhhhh, stoooooop it. It'sssssss hurting so badly!" I
screamed through my gag

"Don't be such a baby and remember what complains means. I will be kind and
ignore it this time but if you continue I will think about some additional
punishment! What you are feeling right now is nothing compared to what is in
store for you! You really will be surprised when you discover how much pain the
body can take without doing any permanent damage! Especially women can take a
lot of pain. We actually sometimes have troubles with the men. Sometimes they
faint before we expect it to happen! But this is different with the women. They
just can exceed limit after limit and they are almost always able to recover the
body afterwards! It's really amazing and enjoyable just wait and see!" Mistress
Olga told me and laughed loudly.

"OK, this will do it! Now the filthy ass hole is nicely open and ready to a
closer view. I will take this perfumed breathing mask over the mouth and nose. I
don't want to experience the disgusting smell of your filthy ass hole as well as
I don't want to smell to your filthy disgusting cunt. It actually really looks
like it has been used a lot. I can imagine you have been a whore just ready to
take all the dick you have been able to get! Just to look at these disgusting
cunt lips of yours makes me sick!" Mistress Olga told while taking a flashlight
lighting up rectum and gut.

"Oh how disgusting! Your bowel and rectum is full of shit! We'll have to clean
it with at least a double enema when I'm through with you. I really advice you
to keep it all inside you until then otherwise you will be very sorry. Save for
this your bowel and rectum look well. With some proper training it will be able
to take whatever is wanted going from real cocks to a huge spiked dildo. It
really looks promising! I will now check your filthy cunt. Just continue
relaxing your body and it won't be that badly." Mistress Olga instructed while
releasing the speculum and quickly dragging it out of my sore ass hole causing
additional pains. I just felt sick and exhausted and she has just begun the
examination! She cleaned the speculum from shit and she then quickly inserted it
inside my cunt causing pains to my sore lips. They were still hurting after the
severe squeezing between the steel plates. Then I heard the frightening clicking
sounds again telling me that within a few seconds my cut would be stretched to
the limit. It really felt like she was tearing it apart but she just continued
to expand the speculum while watching the reaction at my face.

"AAAAAAAAAAAuuuoooouuuuuuuhhhhhhhhHHHHHH" I juct couldn't help screaming again.

"Ahhhhh, you like this my worthless whore and filthy slut! I think it is nicely
open! Just relax! I won't open it more. The fact is that I can't open it more. I
really think we will have to train this filthy cunt otherwise I don't think the
men will be able to feel anything while fucking your cunt! We have some programs
for this as well! Now let's see what we got" Mistress Olga said while lightening
my cunt up with the lamp.

"Well, it doesn't look that badly! I think we will be able to make this a good
fuck cunt! I will now make the squeezing test of your clitoris. You see this
clamp? When trapped between the jaws of this clamp I can squeeze the clit to the
limit. I will squeeze until I can see you are on the very limit to faint! Then I
can read the pressure on the measure device attached to it telling me something
about your pain limit! I think you are ready. I will make sure your nice jewel
won't interfere with the test." Mistress Olga told while placing my clit between
the teeth of this awful clamp making sure the awful clit ring didn't interfere
the jaws. She then started to turn a screw. First it wasn't that bad but within
a few seconds it really started to hurt until I just felt like my clit was on
fire. My whole body was covered with sweat but the pain just grow worse and
worse. I tried to move my body in order to get rid of it only to discover that I
almost wasn't able to at all. I already knew this but when you are in panic you
try all what can be done to avoid or decrease the pain. I screamed and screamed
but she just continued to turn the screw. Then she paused for a moment watching
my reaction and then she continued again. I really felt like I was on the very
limit but I still remained conscious. Mistress Olga started to turn the screw
more slowly as she noticed my condition. She did read the measure device and
nodded with a satisfied smile at her face. Then she turned the screw a few nuts
again. I was now feeling like I was about to go insane due to the pain and I
just screamed and screamed feeling like I was on the limit to pass out. But
still I remained conscious. Would she ever stop this test? I was breathing
heavily making hissing sounds through the ring gag. My whole body was shivering
in pain and it really felt like it never would end!

"Oh please let me pass out!" I was desperately thinking but still nothing did
happen. Then she turned the screw one more nut and this time I really went
frantically. Mistress Olga noticed this as she could see my eyes was turning
white. She then stopped and wrote down something on the file after she had read
the measure device.

"Excellent! Now you can relax again. This was the hardest test during this
examination. Some of the rest will still be painful but nothing compared to
this. But don't think that this will be the limit of your pain endurance! We
will train you to take even more than you have experienced right now. This is
just the initial test in order to give me data to make the right plan for you!"
Mistress Olga told me while taking some dental equipment.

"I think we are ready to examine your filthy mouth. A slave must be able to give
oral pleasure and therefore we have to make sure your mouth and especially the
tongue is in good shape! I will drag your tongue out of your mouth as far as it
can go and measure the distance from the tip to your teeth. We will train you to
be able to put it out that far. A lot of Mistresses just love to have the filthy
tongue of a slave as far as it can go up in her cunt or ass. You will be trained
to give this service. Now relax in your mouth while I take the measurements!"
Mistress Olga instructed me while taking a good grip at the tongue with her
rubber gloved hand. She then started to drag the tongue out of my mouth making
me feel like she would rip it out. She just continued to drag until she could
see the white colour in my eyes again. Then she measured the distance from the
tip to my teeth and wrote it down as well.

"Not the longest tongue we have seen but not that bad. Maybe we can extend it if
we do some modification of it. You have some useless flesh interfering it! We
might decide to remove it in order to make it possible to extent the length
outside the mouth. I'm not sure yet! Your teeth look good as well. They don't
need any dental treatment. Maybe we will do it anyway just to train you in
enduring pain. The teeth is excellent for this purpose. The nerves are just so
sensitive really able to give you the opportunity to exceed pain limits. We
sometimes do it depending on your progress. If you behave well we won't do it
but if we are disappointed we might choose this mean of training. The excellent
feature with the teeth is that the pain just continues and continues without
having to do anything. The nerves just scream out the pain and we don't have to
do anything except doing some drilling the right place. Furthermore you can hide
the damage meaning nobody will ever notice that you have been put through this
kind of training. I remember once we had a slave slut named jan who really had
difficulties enduring the pain we wanted her to be able to take. Then we decided
to train her by using the teeth. After this training she really was able to take
much more than she ever had been able to. She was ready to do anything in order
to avoid this treatment again! Isn't it marvellous my worthless smelly slut? You
see that we have just so many ways to persuade you that progress is important
and the only thing that natters during your stay in this block otherwise your
time this place really will be hard to you. Furthermore lack of progress will
mean that we will keep you here for longer and I have never met a worthless
slave slut who preferred to stay in block 3 in advantage to be slave to a
Mistress or Master." Mistress Olga told me and laughed loudly and sickly.

I just felt sick again. I still wore the clit clamp and it did still hurt though
Mistress Olga had decreased the pressure of the jaws. These women and men just
had no limits. They were ready to do every thinkable and unthinkable treatment
to a woman in order to satisfy their perverted needs and they just loved to do
it. The more pain the more they would be turned on. I could really see how
excited Mistress Olga already was. Sometimes I actually think she had orgasm
while doing this to me. She really was one of the most perverted women I had
ever met.

"I will now put a catheter up in your urethra and take a urine sample but I
think I will start with taking a sample of your disgusting shit with this
special device. I really advice you to control the bowel and bladder while I do
it. I just have so many ways to punish a disobedience slave. I don't think you
can imagine the amount of equipment for punishing a woman we have in stock.
Furthermore we continuously create new interesting equipment in order to improve
the training. We always can improve it! We just have to use our imagination in
order to make it more let's say interesting and exciting for you" Mistress Olga
told me while showing me a device that looked like a tong with extremely long
jaws. She greased the jaws and rammed it far up into my rectum once again
causing me severe pains. It was pushed that far up into me that my legs cramped
causing additional pains to my body. She then turned it around making me feel
like the gut was coated to the jaws. It just felt like she was making a
corkscrew out of it! She then squeezed the handles together and dragged it
quickly out again. It was all put in a plastic bag which was closed tightly to
seal the smell inside the bag. Then she produced the catheter and pushed it up
into my urethra and inflated the ball securing it inside me. I could feel how
the piss started to flow inside the tube put then I felt it stop. The tube was
obviously closed at the end. Once again I felt this urgent need to pee, which
grow worse because it firstly felt like I was allowed to piss. I really felt
like my bladder was about to explode.

"I will now take the urine sample and close the tube again. Then I will deflate
the ball and drag out the catheter again. Your job will be to cut of the piss. I
don't want anything to be soiled with your filthy stinking piss! You just have
to control it and be patience until you will be allowed to piss" Mistress Olga
instructed me.

How could she be so mean? She dammed knew how difficult this would be! She just
knew that the need to piss would grow extremely strong when she took the sample
making the bladder decrease just a little in size telling the brain that now you
can piss. I knew I had to control it. Otherwise the consequences could be just
huge. I didn't know what kind of punishment she would do to me but I actually
just didn't want to know. Mistress Olga took the sample. I just hoped so badly
she would take a large sample but I just knew so well she wouldn't. She would do
anything to make this as difficult as possible for me. I felt the piss flow in
the tube and it just felt wonderful but then suddenly it stopped again.

"This will do it. Now I deflate the ball and then it will be up to you to
control your bladder when I drag out the tube. I promise to do it quickly so you
don't have to wait that long." Mistress Olga instructed me while deflating the
ball.

Then I felt a sharp pain in my urethra telling me the tube was removed. I
desperately tried to squeeze it closed again. I felt just a small amount of piss
escaping my bladder and then I succeeded to close it though I really wanted so
badly to relax it all emptying both my bowel and bladder. But it was out of the
question. I just had to hold on until I didn't know when.

"Excellent! I will be kind and ignore the small amount of disgusting piss that
did escape your bladder before you succeeded to cut it of. Now all you have to
do is to keep it inside you until you are allowed to let it all go. I will now
check your breasts, nipples and nipple rings. We need some data in order to be
able to make the perfect punishment bra for you as well as tight fitting rubber
suits and harnesses. Furthermore I will measure the length of your nipples in
normal and sexual excited condition." Mistress Olga told me while taking a lot
of measures of my breasts. All data was written in the file. She really seemed
satisfied with the size of my breasts. She then measured my nipples and wrote
down the data as well. Then she took a strange looking device, which was
connected to a wire. She pressed a button and it started to vibrate. She placed
it on my right nipple while she placed another vibrating dildo between my legs
touching my sore cunt and clit. Though the lips and clit were sore I couldn't
help reacting to the treatment and my body began to feel excited to the gentle
and quite nice touch. It really was degrading being strapped like this and I
just didn't want to show this evil woman that it actually felt good. I certainly
didn't want to show a woman that I liked it but there was nothing I could do
about it. My whole body just started to react to this treatment and I started to
breathe heavily closing my eyes in excitement.

"Aaaaaaah, you worthless smelly novice slave slut! You actually like this! How
disgusting. Are you a lesbian whore? How disgusting! We certainly will have to
do some proper training to you" Mistress Olga said really sounding like she felt
sick having to say this. She measured my nipples and then she removed the dildo
and the nipple vibrator. Then I felt her hand between my legs and suddenly I
felt the clit clamp squeezing my clit again. The exciting feeling disappeared
just like this and again I felt the awful pain.

"Do you think this is a vacation? Slaves are never allowed to be excited without
permission! I really hope this will teach you a lesson so you never forget again
otherwise you will really be sorry!" Mistress Olga shouted at me smiling her
evil smile again. Then she totally removed the clamp sending new waves of pain
through it when the blood started to run back again. I couldn't help screaming
again.

"Now you are a baby again! You just can't take the limited pain I put you
through during this harmless examination! You really have a lot to learn. I
actually think it will be some kind of a job to train you to be an excellent
slave. But I still think it is possible! In order to calm you down I can tell
that the rest of the examination will be like an ordinary examination meaning
taking your blood pressure, blood sample, breathing frequency and capacity,
heart beat and so on. The only difference is the blood sample as I have the
opinion that the best blood tests has to be taken from the clit. I think the
time for doing it is just perfect right now as the blood is running back to your
clit now. I think you are ready, just relax your body" Mistress Olga instructed
me

"Relax my body! How could anybody relax the body in a condition like this. And
now she would press a needle for a blood sample into my sore clit! The most
sensitive part of the body! How could any woman relax when knowing that within a
few seconds she would have a needle pressed into her sensitive clit? Would it
ever stop?" I was thinking

While thinking this Mistress Olga had produced the needle for the blood sample
and she parted the cunt lips with one hand and then she just rammed the needle
into my sore clit.

"AAAAAAAAAAuuuuuaaaauuuuuuhhhhh, noooooooooo, stooooooooop I'll do anything if
you stop it" I screamed the best I could while frantically trying to control my
bladder. The pain really made it difficult. I tried the best I could to focus my
mind on holding back.

"Just relax my sweet worthless disgusting slut! You are through within a few
minutes. You are doing well though I still think you scream too much! OK, this
will do it!" Mistress Olga said while dragging the needle out again. She then
poured some strong alcohol over the clit and cunt to prevent infection. I really
was about to go mad. I had never felt pain like this. First a needle in my clit
and then this strong alcohol for disinfection! I really had to use all the
strength I had to hold back my bowel and bladder. Furthermore she was quite
generous with the alcohol all over the area meaning some of it ran down into my
open and exposed ass hole causing extreme pain in the gut and rectum as well. It
just felt like the lower part of my body was on fire. Gradually the pain
decreased in strength but I still was in extreme pain.

"That's it! It wasn't that bad? Just remember that this sample can't be better.
The clit really got the best blood meaning this sample really will give me your
data! Aren't you happy? You can thank me later!" Mistress Olga said laughing
loudly again.

She then took my blood pressure and the rest of the measures she needed. She did
take a lot of measures of my body as well and then she looked satisfied.

"OK, my worthless slut. That's it! You are ready for the next step." Mistress
Olga said while pressing a button.

A few minutes later the heavy steel door was opened and into the room stepped
two women.

"I still don't think she is ready to be treated by men. Therefore I have chosen
the two of you to carry out the next preparation of this stinking worthless
slut! Take the slut to prep room 3 and give her an educational severe whipping.
Her bowel is full of shit as well as her bladder is full of piss. I think you
will have to let her empty bowel and bladder before you commence the whipping.
Otherwise I'm sure you will have to endure the awful smell of her disgusting
shit and piss!  I think the best is to introduce her to different kind of whips,
canes, paddles and so on in order to make her position clear and let her
experience the different types of pain they can produce. Make your own choice
concerning her whipping position. As she is so filled with disgusting smelly
shit I think she need a triple enema. Fill her gut to the bursting point and let
it remain inside her for a while in order to clean her well and then let her
empty totally before she is filled again. Use one of these strong soap solutions
which has been added with laxative as well. She is scheduled to a period in one
of the solitary confinement boxes just to teach her that toilet and cleaning
privilege is something she has to deserve and not something she can take for
granted. Furthermore it will help her to learn that a slave just have to be
patience and await further treatment. Remember to fit her with a feeding helmet
and a shock belt with a front and rear dildo inserted. As her food will be added
with laxative constipation should be no problem. She can easily defecate with
the dildo up in her filthy ass hole as it will be like water all the time during
her stay in the box. The shock belt is important to check if she is alive and to
wake her up when 'dinner' is served. If you think she need some additional
equipment to make her stay in the box more enjoyable and interesting for her you
are free to make your own choice! Just make sure she is ready within two hours
otherwise it will interfere with her schedule. I think Ilsa has some special
plans with her. Something with a bet with Master Mick or something like that.
But I'm sure she will tell me later. I bet it will be both enjoyable and
exciting. Ilsa has told me that she want to be there when she is put in the box.
She will take over novice slut pat's box. It must be a nice box as she has been
in it for more than 14 days. Worthless slut janet will have ten minutes to
prepare the box before it is lowered into the floor again with her trapped
inside it wearing all the nice equipment. From this time her only contact to the
outer world will be when I open the tiny head shaped lid to make her show her
head and to inspect her health condition. It's excellent training! The boxes are
just perfect as the slave slut can't stand or lie fully stretched. Within a few
hours the muscles starts cramping and hurt and this is only the beginning! I
think this will do it for now. You can wheel her to the prep room on the table.
Then she can be exposed to the other guards, slave trainers and slave sluts in
training in this degrading position. I'm sure they will have a lot of 'nice'
comments to this disgusting smelly novice slut. She really looks promising and
I'm sure a lot of the male guards would be ready to do a lot of favours for me
in order to have her for a night! As she really has nicely shaped cheeks I'm
sure some of the women will 'be in love' with her as well ready to spend some
'fun' time with her. This filthy ass just look like an ass  begging for the
whip. If any of the slave trainers insist to have a initial check whipping of
her ass you can allow them if you want to. Or maybe you will save all this
pleasure for your own whipping of her? Any questions?" Mistress Olga asked

"No, I think this will do it" slave trainer Monica answered

"Heike, Please help me moving this worthless novice slave slut in initial
training to prep room 3!" Monica said addressing the other slave trainer.

Add 17, janet, The preparation of slut janet for her stay in the solitary
confinement box




Initial words about the story "Janet's Ordeal"
.....................................................

This is a role-play I'm still writing with a close cyber friend. Though we
haven't received that much feedback we have decided to upload the next parts as
the interest has been huge (11000 readers within the first four days of
upload!). We still hope to receive more feedback both exciting feedback telling
what you think about it as well as suggestions for improvements and new means of
training for 'poor' Janet. You can write feedback to mickni2000@icqmail.com. The
story has been uploaded in the bdsmlibrary.com and will be uploaded in
rppstories.com later.

If you like the story it I suggest you to join the following Group:
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Friends_of_Janets_Ordeal/

This group contains interesting stuff concerning the story, just check out the
different folders. You need to write a review for joining using the link written
at the home page for the Group. If you don't like using your real name then just
write it using a different name (it might be necessary to make a fictive email
address for doing it). When applying for joining the group just remember to make
sure we know the name used for the review.

This story is, of course, pure fiction meaning it has nothing to do with the
real life. What happened to the Jewish people and others during WW II was cruel
and despicable and it must never happen again. We must all do what we can to
prevent anything like that happen again.

If you are a female and you feel really excited while reading this story and you
really would like to be a part of a role-play like this, then send me a letter
telling about your desires and your data, then I will think about it and send
you a letter if I think we can combine it in a larger play.

I will let you know my decision whatever is the outcome.

When you are reading the story then please remembers that English isn't my
native language as I'm from Denmark. This means there might be some bad grammar
and other types of faults that might interfere with the reading. I hope you will
accept my apology for these faults. I would be extremely happy if one of the
English readers would do the work needed for correcting these faults and send me
the corrected version for a later upload. I have had a cyber friend correcting
this new chapter a little meaning it should be more reader friendly but as it
takes some time doing it I'm not sure she can take the time needed for doing it
with the next chapter.

Furthermore I would be happy if you would send me an email copying a part of the
story you think contains some severe faults and then write a suggestion as to
how it could be made more reader friendly.

Both Janet and I really hope we will receive some exciting and interesting
feedback!!! It really help us to keep it going!.

I can tell that we have already written about 12 pages for the next chapter.
Janet has finished her part and I still need to write three to five pages.

Master Mick

Now the next chapter:

Chapter two, Janet's Ordeal.

Add 17, janet, The preparation of slut janet for her stay in the solitary
confinement box


   I just couldn't believe this. I thought Mistress Ilsa was the cruellest woman
I had ever met, but this Miss Olga, well words just fail me! I was utterly
exhausted from the examination and tests I had been put through and now there
was more.

   I looked up at Miss Monica, she looked so young and so beautiful, perhaps she
would be a little easier on me if I cooperated, I thought. How wrong could I
possibly bee. I was soon to discover that women lived in perpetual pain and
discomfort24 hours a day. Sleep had to be earned and the price was very high and
then it only came from absolute exhaustion and would last only a precious, short
time.

   The two slave trainers lifted me bodily from the bench and dropped me down
onto my sore feet. My legs went numb and buckled beneath me and flashes of pain
zipped through my abused body causing me to cry out in agony.

   "Stand up straight, you worthless piece of meat," shouted Miss Monica, "or
I'll give you something to really cry out for." The two young trainers grasped
me by my elbows and propelled me forward, bodily as my feet somehow managed to
keep up with the fast pace. Down the corridor I was half dragged and then into a
large cold, room, more like an old dirty barn. I was pushed in front of a wooden
pillar and restrained as they moved of to make their preparations.

   I was able to raise my head a little and look around me with tear filled eyes
and what I saw as I looked down struck fear into me. As I blinked my eyes to
sharpen the somewhat indistinct image that I saw I realised that there were a
number of sizeable round lumps protruding up from the wooden floor, spread from
almost one side of the room, spaced regularly side by side, to almost the other
side wall. (see picture of the extreme solitary confinement boxes using the link
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Friends_of_Janets_Ordeal/ )


   As I looked again I gasped as saw Miss Monica unclip and then raise one of
these strangely shaped humps, revealing a woman's head. Well I assumed it to be
a woman's head as it was completely covered by a leather helmet with just two
holes at the nostrils to permit breathing and a large protrusion coming out from
her mouth which was held wide open by what appeared to be an inflatable gag. A
plastic tube snaked up from somewhere below and was attached to the end of the
gag. The thing that struck me most forcefully was the wild look in her eyes as
she gazed up in a rather bewildered but frighten manner at Miss Monica who
loomed above her.

   Miss Monica turned in my direction and said, "You see my dear Janet, this
novice trainee is being adequately fed and watered while she quietly considers
her position and comes to the decision that is far better to be obedient and
cooperate with everything we require her to do. I firmly believe that you would
benefit considerably from a spell in isolation alongside this woman. You see as
it happens we have room for you right here."

   As she spoke her assistant Miss Heike was uncovering what looked like a pit
disappearing down into the floor. "Do you two know how we run this training
facility?....... ANSWER  and the ME, CUNT." All I could manage to answer was,
"No Ma'am."

   "Well you are lucky I am feeling in a good mood today and am willing to let
you in on some of my secrets. I run this training facility on fear. Fear, of
what I will do next when I do not get instantaneous obedience to my
instructions. Now when I was observing you being examined and tested by Mistress
Olga you looked, well, rather angry and annoyed, not scared. That is not the
attitude we are trying to convey to you. Far from it we require your total and
instant obedience to our commands, or else! So to achieve this we shall give you
a taste of some solitary confinement until Mistress Olga thinks you have at last
understood what we require of you and that is, in short, to show us fear. Fear
in your eyes, in your attitude, knowing that if we are not satisfied with your
effort, your response, and your COMPLETE cooperation you will know what to
expect"

   Miss Monica suddenly swung round and took a couple of quick steps in my
direction. "Do you understand what I am saying to you, slut?" she shouted as she
removed a heavy leather strap from her waist belt and begin to beat me with on
all my most sensitive parts. I danced in pain to the solid whacks delivered to
my breasts, buttocks and cunt. The room was filled with my screams as unable to
protect myself from the swift deftly delivered blows, I just had to stand there
and howl in agony. Miss Monica put all her effort into each blow first hitting
high then low, then a ratt ta tat across my breasts to end up slicing heavily
down the ass crack and then up between my spread legs. The next time Miss Monica
would look at my face, she would certainly see that 'fear' she had been talking
about and she was would be pleased.

   "Now we have a special introduction to our entertainment for you slut janet.
Heike you grab her arms and we'll move her across to the comfy box which we have
chosen for her.

   Unwillingly I was dragged across the room and bent over a waist high
horizontal bar. Miss Monica kicked at my ankles until I had spread my legs wide,
using her hands to spread my ass cheeks as wide as she could.

   "I think we had better give some lube, Heike, not for her comfort, but to
make the insertion easier for us. Perhaps that nice spicy one which will give
her even more to think about and focus her mind!

   I had a pretty good idea of what was about to happen and tried to relax as
much as possible to make it less painful for me as I knew I had no option. As
Miss Heike spread the slippery preparation between the cheeks of my ass and
exposed anus, I began to feel, believe it or not, the beginnings of arousal,
which grew even stronger as she inserted a coated finger in my anus and then
moved forward to spread the gel around my cunt, pushing several fingers deep
into my now puffy cunt.

   "Well, Heike, look at that, the slut must be enjoying what you are doing, her
smelly cunt is actually moistening. Enjoy a fleeting pleasure while you can slut
Janet, I can assure you it won't last," she chuckled. I knew that was true as
the 'spicy' gel was beginning to sting and irritate my tender flesh of my pubic
area and was growing more distressing by the minute. Then came the time for the
plugs to be inserted. I could feel the tip of the first one touching my anus. I
pushed back in an attempt to relax my hole, but it was still painful as the wide
and ribbed plug was forcefully pushed to its entire length. I just couldn't help
crying out in pain, to the obvious pleasure of Miss Monica, who with a sneering
tone declared, "Not so pleasant now, is it cunt!"

   By the time the vaginal plug was inserted and the containing strap was
tightened around my waist, I was beginning to perspire from the irritation of
the spiced gel in my cunt and asshole. I was straightened up and immediately my
head was enclosed in a tight leather hood, which quickly enclosed me like a
second skin. While Miss Monica was pulling it in place, Miss Heike painfully
pinched my nostrils making me open my mouth for the insertion of the gag, which
made me cough and splutter. The hood was tightened around my neck and the
necessary feeding and watering tubes were attached and the gag inflated, so I
must now have taken on the appearance of the frightened and tearful woman I had
seen just minutes ago. But spluttering a coughing with the inflation of the gag,
which was already stretching my mouth painfully wide open, gave me more than
enough to occupy my thoughts at that moment.

   "Soon you will be lowered into your new home," Miss Monica informed me, "oh
yes we shall feed and water you. Nearby there is a convenient tank in which our
food scraps and bodily wastes are stored and fed to you through your tube at
regular intervals. Of course you have to swallow, the pump will see to that, but
I know you will enjoy your regular repasts, together with the taste of our
female piss which we also store for you and feed to you to prevent dehydration,
so you see we care for your welfare as well as being mindful of our
responsibilities to maintain a clean environment for superior free people such
as ourselves. We shall also keep you alert and thinking about the need for you
to be instantly obedient to our instructions and completely cooperative in all
that we require you to do. Otherwise a return to where you are now, but for a
much longer period of time can always be arranged. Just in case you doze off the
plugs inserted in your ass and cunt and the nipple clamps which we will now
attach, will give you regular but rather unpleasant wake up calls."

   Again I screamed as the clamps were attached, but gagged as I was all that
could be heard was a muffled gurgle and then I felt myself being lifted, my
ankles bound and the being lowered slowly in to the hole in the floor. When my
feet touched the bottom I was just able to look out and see the feet of my
tormentors as they connected up the wires and tubes. Then the covering was
lifted over my head and secured and I was plunged into complete stinking
darkness, trying to control my breathing through the two nose holes in the hood
and also my rising panic at being so confined.

   Suddenly the pumps came alive and I was forced to follow the ghastly tasting
muck that filled my mouth. The pulsing tube then stopped to be replaced by the
tube which filled my open mouth with the horrible tasting piss which was
supposed to quench my thirst. I soon came to the realisation as my bowels and
bladder released that inserted plug in my asshole not only kept it stretched
wide and painful, but also allowed my waste to fall to the floor around my feet
which also mingled with the piss from my bladder and that soon I would be
standing in a pool of what had been pumped into me now regurgitated through my
own body.

   The stench rose in the pit and almost choked me, my painful humiliation was
complete, and for how long would I be able to suffer this ghastly confinement
and then I remembered the words...'we shall give you a taste of some solitary
confinement until Mistress Olga thinks you have at last understood what we
require of you.....'

Add 18, Mick, Janet is further encouraged to obey orders.

I really felt miserable. This was the most humiliating experience I had ever
lived through in my whole life. I tried to make myself as comfortable as
possible in the tiny box. It just didn't leave much room for this. When standing
I had to bend my leg or I had to stand with my back arching forward. It was only
possible for a limited period of time then all my muscles were hurting.

Sleep was even more difficult. I could lie curved up on the floor with my legs
touching my chest and this was the only possible position for sleeping.
Furthermore the awful gag made it difficult to sleep at all. When breathing, a
hissing sound could be heard all the time, so making any attempt to sleep
extremely difficult. Even breathing was difficult.

First the air was quickly thick and foul due to the smell of my own waste
furthermore the gag did make breathing an exercise in itself. And as the gag,
wasn't enough they had fitted me with this awful heavy leather helmet. Well, it
had hole for the eyes, nose and mouth but the mouth hole only was for the tubes
to go in and out. One tube was for the disgusting 'food' as they called this
waste being regularly poured into my mouth. The second one was for 'drinking
water' as they called the awful tasting piss being poured into this tube more
frequently than the 'food'. In the beginning it really was difficult to take
this disgusting fluid. In order to make feeding through the tube possible the
waste in the tank was mixed up with some piss as well.
I tried to drag out the tubes and remove the heavy helmet, to find out it had
been padlocked to my neck and to discover that the tubes were reinforced making
removal impossible. I just had to accept it.

In the beginning it was extremely difficult to control the gagging and retching
having to eat and drink this disgusting fluid but I gradually got used to it
though it still did taste awful. When inspecting the belt holding the dildo and
plug firmly into place I discovered that his has been padlocked around my waist
as well. The wires running from it to the top of the box were thick and they
could not be dragged out. Furthermore two tubes has been connected, one for the
dildo and one for the plug. I soon found out what they were for. The stinging
and irritation caused by the gel gradually decreased in its strength. But then I
suddenly felt the tubes move and seconds later I felt my ass and cunt being
filled with something. I quickly discovered that they were adding gel in order
to make the stinging and irritation of my sore cunt and ass return.

"Oh no, they just can't have enough pain. Even when they can't see me they want
me to suffer even more! Will it ever stop?" I desperately thought.

What janet didn't yet know was that this feeding process was a an experiment
like almost everything else in this place was. A doctor named Hans Wolfgang had
the theory that soldiers could survive longer in the fields without food if it
was possible for them to eat their own waste. Vitamins and bacteria control
fluid was added to the sludge in the tank in order to make it possible for the
women to take it without being sick.  He sometimes visited the area in order to
take a closer look and check how they coped with his experiment.

Time really passed slowly in the tiny boxes. It actually was a kind of release
when the tiny head shaped lid place on the top of the box was opened and I heard
one of these cynical bitches named Olga or Monica shout out "Slave slut, show
your head"

I quickly discovered why they had fitted the women in the boxes with this
leather helmet. When being trapped in these tiny boxes you couldn't help soiling
your head with the waste as well. The cleaning process was much easier when
being fitted with this helmet. The evil woman just sprayed water on my head
almost gagging me for as she cleaned the helmet. Then they checked my eyes,
which were blinking in the bright light coming from the lamps in the room. They
checked the gag and the hood and every time they just concluded "She is doing
fine. Feed her and put her back in her 'home again"

In the beginning I really tried to beg for release but I quickly discovered it
was useless. They had a schedule for me and they just remained 'on track'. It
really was degrading and humiliating and extremely painful as well. I just
longed to fully stretch my sore muscles but it wasn't possible.
I just had to be patient and wait until they released me. Furthermore my cunt
and ass were in continuous pain due to the gel regularly added.

I quickly realised that feeding without opening the lid was possible. Suddenly I
felt the dildo and plug come to life giving me jolt after jolt of current in my
private parts. "Wake up time. Prepare for the feeding process" I heard a voice
in a loud speaker located within the box. Then the disgusting fluid started to
flow in the tube again and I had to gulp it all down with a generous amount of
piss. When this was done I knew it was only a matter of time before it came out
making the putrid box even more disgusting. Though I couldn't see my body I just
knew what it would look like. I knew I was completely smeared in my own waste
from top to toe. The worst part of this was that I had to sleep in it.
............

"How is she doing" Mistress Olga asked Miss Monica

"Still fine but I don't think she can take it much longer. She has panicked
twice today in her box hammering on the walls and crying out the best she could
with gag. I really think she has learned her lesson and that she is ready to
continue. I think fourteen days is enough, don't you?" Monica asked Olga

"I could easily keep this worthless slut in the box for additional fourteen days
making it so full of her own shit that she had to stand all day in order not to
submerge in it!" Olga said laughing loudly. "But I think you are right. It won't
improve her attitude further. Furthermore I have planned something for her. As
she really seems to be stubborn I have asked Doctor Hans to prepare a show for
her. We will show her the medical experiment block in order to let her realize
what can happen if she fails. Doctor Hans will be more than delighted to prepare
an experiment to be carried out on her!"

"Prepare the box to be lifted up again. Attach the drain in the bottom of the
box to the drains in the floor and prepare the box and her to be washed down. 
First we need to drain the box from her disgusting waste before we will have a
closer look at her. I bet this pig just loves to be soiled and smeared like she
is. But if this worthless slut is supposed to be an excellent pain and pleasure
slut we certainly can't accept her dirty and smelly like this!" Olga said with a
look of disgust at her face.

Monica arranged a chain running from a wheel located on a beam over the box and
pressed a button. A winch started to work and the heavy wooden box was slowly
raised towards the ceiling. When the box was just level with the floor she
stopped the winch and attached a transparent thick hose to a tube located at the
lower part of the box. She opened a valve and a brown and yellow fluid started
to flow in the hose. It took quite a long time before the flow decreased and
finally stopped. The smell was gagging and disgusting. Monica took a hose and
washed the hose and the drain down in order to reduce the strength of the smell.
Then she unlocked the door in the cage and opened it revealing a miserable and
terrible looking janet.

The two evil women just remained silent looking at me. They had placed a mirror
in front of me making it possible for me to see how I looked by myself. My eyes
gradually got used to the light and now I could see myself clearly. I was just
smeared with my own awful smelling waste from top to toe. Even though the
leather helmet had been cleaned regularly it was as dirty and disgusting as the
rest of my body. Then these two cynical bitches just started to laugh loudly and
sickly whilst observing my terrible condition.

"Oooooh, ha ha ha ha ha, what a sight she is! The only thing making me sorry is
that I know this worthless slut just loves to be soiled in her own waste like
this!! I'll show you something Monica. It's a show only for you! It's the dirty
dancing pig!" Olga said still laughing while she pressed a button beside the
cage. Immediately the current started to flow in my sore cunt and ass making me
'dance' from side to side.

"Isn't it lovely? Have you ever seen anything more enjoyable? You can't even pay
to watch a show like this. She just continues to dance and 'sing' only for you
and me" Olga cried out while laughing. I actually was 'singing'. I screamed and
screamed and begged her to stop the best I could through my gag but she just
continued to add current. I really panicked hurting my sore limbs while hitting
the sides of the box but this only  encouraged her to continue. Finally she
stopped, letting me fall, totally exhausted on the floor of the cramped space in
the box.

"Show is over! Wash her down and let us prepare her for her next 'entertainment'
quickly. Doctor Hans is awaiting us!" Olga said to Monica.

Monica took a hose and opened  a valve and a jet of cold water  hit my body and
the box. Then she turned another valve and the temperature switched to red hot
water making me scream again. Through the jet of water I could see how the brown
waste gradually disappeared from my body and the box running to the drain in the
floor. Then she stopped and concluded that this would do it. They both  put on
latex gloves and started to remove the equipment from my body. It really was a
relief to get rid of that awful gag and the dildo and plug. Before removing the
plug they added a generous amount of gel to my sore ass and cunt.

"Just to keep your mind focused on what it is all about" Olga said smiling at
me.

"In order to make our new novice slaves realise that though it might seem
hopeless and extremely painful and humiliating to be trained to be an obedient
slave in this 'hospital' block it is actually preferable compared to what might
happen to you if we are disappointed with your progress. We will now show you
our medical block. When you have seen this I think you will consider your
training as a vacation" Olga told me, pausing for a few seconds laughing and
watching my reaction and then she continued.

"As our brave soldiers suffer a great deal of pain due to different kind of
injuries caused by your mean people we continuously try to find new ways to make
it more comfortable for them when being treated at the hospitals and when they
await transport. Furthermore we make experiments on prisoners like you to find
new ways to make their life bearable when being in areas with no medical aid or
anaesthetic available. Finally we use them for finding cheap solutions for our
own people in order to make their life as comfortable as possible during this
war time. We will now put you in one of these nice transportation cages and
wheel you to the block and let you see what is going on there. I'm sure you will
be calm as a sheep when you have seen this! Normally the novice slaves are ready
to do their very best during their training when they have seen this! I have
made the agreement with Doctor Hans Wolfgang that he is always ready to take
sluts like you if we conclude that it will do no good to carry on with the
training. Now I think you are ready to take the 'nice sightseeing' trip around
these excellent facilities. Heike, will you please help me put this worthless
slut in the tiny wheel-cage?" Olga asked Heike.

"Sure! Do you mind if I join you during the trip? I have not visited the medical
block 2 for three weeks. It's so exciting to see what is going on this place?"
Heike asked Olga.

"Sure, no problem. We all deserve to have all the pleasure we can in this job.
Personally I visit it at least once a week sometimes more. It really turns me on
watching these worthless women suffer for the "Third Reich" They just get what
they deserve. Furthermore I sometimes acquire new ideas to improve the training
of the sluts." Olga answered.

They both gripped me and I was roughly forced inside the cramped space of the
tiny cage. It was almost closed at the top except for a small round hole just
large enough for my head to go through. When my head was through the hole they
locked a heavy steel collar around my neck making withdrawal impossible though
it was very difficult to attach it in this tiny cage. My knees were pressing
against my chest and though my arms and hands were free I could hardly move them
at all. I knew that within a few minutes my sore muscles would start to cramp
again and there would be absolutely nothing I could do about it. The
construction of the cage made it necessary to sit with my legs slightly spread
once again exposing my sore ass hole and cunt to these evil women.

"I think the worthless smelly slut is ready for our sightseeing trip! Look at
her! Her filthy, stinking cunt and ass hole are just so nicely exposed. Make
sure you control your bowel and bladder during the trip. Doctor Hans thinks he
has the right punishment for a slave if she commits such a filthy act during the
trip. I can tell you that he really knows how to punish a slave!" Olga told me
while Heike took position behind the cage taking a firm grip of the two handles
mounted waist high above the cage wheeling it towards the locedk chamber with
the two heavy steel doors so effectively making any attempt to escape
impossible. Before we started our journey Olga took her cattle prod in her right
hand and pressed it up inside my sore cunt and pressed the trigger.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhh, nooooooooo not this again! I'll be good! I
can't do anything else but keep my body in this position in this tiny cage" I
screamed out. I desperately tried to grip the prod and drag it out but the
cramped space did not leave room for this

"Just a gentle touch to make sure you don't fall a sleep! We want you to see it
all in order to teach you a lesson! You are still just worthless. You almost
can't take any pain yet! You have just so much to learn!" Olga told me in her
cynical voice while smiling coldly and heartlessly at me. She quickly dragged
out the cattle prod leaving my cunt still burning and sore after the painful
treatment.

The heavy steel doors were opened and I was wheeled outside in the sun sitting
in this embarrassing posture exposing my private parts for all who passed by and
would like to have a closer look. During the transport Olga told me some more
about the camp.

"The medical block is not the only block you may soon visit. There are a lot of
different blocks all holding worthless sluts like you. Some of them are
confidential only for the chosen few and some of them you will visit later
making it unecessary to show them to you right now. A part of your slave
training will probably be some weeks in the love block. In this block we let all
our brave solders have some hours of pleasure with a lot of fuck sluts. When you
are trained well we might choose to let you be a member of the crowd of women
who do sexual services for these brave soldiers. The block is equipped will all
that is necessary to make their stay as enjoyable as possible including well
equipped torture chambers for the solders who preferthis kind of sexual act. If
they treat the sluts too hard they are just transferred to the medical block to
be treated and healed again ready to continue in the love block. They are always
sent back to the love block again as we don't want the sluts to use this medical
block to 'escape' from their service in the love block. You have only one
purpose in this place and that is to serve the Third Reich and nothing more.
When you are wasting time healing in the medical block you do not fulfil this
purpose and just waste the time of the nurses and doctors. As it isn't planned
the healing process can never be used for science as it always has to be
compared with other experiments simultaneously." Olga kept on explaining me
while we approached a large block with no windows and a heavy steel door as the
only way in and out. The door was signed "Only for authorized personnel" Olga
took a key and unlocked the door and I was wheeled inside the building through a
locked chamber like all buildings this place. I concluded that this building
must have been made soundproof as I couldn't hear anything when outside the
building but when inside many female screams could clearly be heard.

"Ahhhhhhh' they have already started the work of the day. Isn't it just music
for the ears?" Olga said smiling evily rubbing her clit with her right hand and
breathing heavier in her excitement.

"Sure it is! These pigs just deserve this treatment!" Heike answered smiling in
satisfaction.


Sneak preview of chapter 3:


Add 19, Mick, The Medical Block

.................."You see, this is a bitch named Julie. She has bee like this
since yesterday evening just awaiting her ordeal to begin. Sometimes the fear of
the pain can be worse than the pain itself! When looking at her body I guess you
all can see she is in heavy perspiration. I call it fear sweat. The wet body
makes the current flow even better. In order to make it possible for her to see
it all while being restrained like this we have placed this large mirror over
her. It has been tilted to give her a clear view of her lovely wired body"
Doctor Hans told the visitors.

The woman really looked scared. Her body had been fitted with wires all over.
Her ass and cunt had been deeply plugged with thick iron rods each connected to
a lot of wires. Her nipples had been clamped with crocodile jaws wired as well.
A lot of wires had been glued to different places on her body. Even her head had
been wired with two wires running from each ear. The most scaring was her mouth
spreader. It was a kind of dental gag forcing her mouth widely open. A large
bunch of wires came out of her mouth. All wires were connected to a large
control panel standing beside the steel board onto which she was
strapped.................

Add 19, Janet, The training commence.

..................In sheer agony I was dragged over to what looked a metal
triangle, which was inclined forward at a slight angle. Standing in front of the
contraption.
Mistress Olga then handed a dental gag to Miss Heike and proceeded to grip my
nostrils tightly which left me no option but to open my mouth to breathe.
Immediately the dental gag was inserted behind my teeth and Miss Heike's eager
fingers quickly turned the screw which forced my mouth wider and wider until I
thought my jaw would be unhinged. "Well done, Heike, we don't want to hear any
more noise from this slut do we," commented Mistress
Olga.................................

These examples were just a minor part of the cruel ordeals taking place in the
next chapter. It will be ready within a few days.




Initial words for part 3, please read it carefully before you go to the
story!!!!!!

Hello friends of Janet's Ordeal!

Here is the next part of this story. When thinking on the extremely nice reviews
Janet and I have received for the story I'm sure you will all love this part as
well.

Concerning reviews I have to make one thing clear, and that is that writing
reviews for stories uploaded on bdsmlibrary is FREE!!!! A lot of peoples who
have applied for joined have decided not to join because they think it cost
money but again I can tell that it really is free!!! The membership for
bdsmlibrary costing money is different and has nothing to do with the ability to
write reviews for stories uploaded. I hope it now is clear to all of you reading
this story that it is FREE signing up for being able to write reviews. Below
these initial words I have attached how to do it.

It really means a lot to Janet and I receiving these reviews because it help us
keeping it going and give us ideas for improvement and new chapters. If all of
you pending members of the group
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Friends_of_Janets_Ordeal do write a review for
joining the group this story will actually be the most voted story so PLEASE DO
IT! I really think it is a fair request as it only takes a few minutes doing it,
which isn't much compared to the time Janet and I have spend for writing it.

The plan with the group is to upload pics for underlining the story as well as
uploading pics, stories and clips, which really reflect this excellent desire.
Furthermore I hope you will all write messages with ideas for improvements and
new chapters. If all this works I really think it will be more exciting writing
and reading the story. I hope you all agree with me concerning this.

Some readers and reviewers have told about doing some of the treatment in the
story for real. Please remember that almost all done in this story is extremely
dangerous. If it is done for real it must be done in a much scaled down version
and you have to make sure the 'victim' can make it stop. Otherwise there is a
great danger that this might cause permanent damage or worse!

If you are a female and you feel really excited while reading this story and you
really would like to be a part of a role-play like this, then send me a letter
telling about your desires and your data, then I will think about it and send
you a letter if I think we can combine it in a larger play. If I got more women
interested it might even be an idea creating a group for doing these role-plays.
Furthermore it might still be possible to include some of you who are interested
in this kind of role-playing in future parts of Janet's  Ordeal.

I still think it is important to make clear that this story is, of course, pure
fiction meaning it has nothing to do with the real life. What happened to the
Jewish people and others during WW II was cruel and despicable and it must never
happen again. We must all do what we can to prevent anything like that happen
again.

I have sent one more story to the bdsmlibrary. If it isn't already uploaded I
think it will be soon. It's called "Janets extreme slave training". It a former
role-play I wrote with Janet, in which the 'poor Janet' has to go through some
extreme slave training in order to make her the perfect slave. I'm quite sure
you will love this as well. Janet and I hope you will write some reviews and
sent me comments for this story as well.

Finally I want to say that when you read the story please remembers that English
isn't my native language as I'm from Denmark. This means there might be some bad
grammar and other types of faults that might interfere with the reading. I hope
you will accept my apology for these faults. We still receive reviews wondering
why these faults haven't been corrected. I hope this can help explaining why it
has not been done. I would be extremely happy if one of the English readers
would do the work needed for correcting these faults and send me the corrected
version for a later upload. I think it would be perfect if a female reader would
do it as this might add some new aspects to the story seeing it from a female
point of view.

Furthermore I would be happy if you would send me an email copying a part of the
story you think contains some severe faults and then write a suggestion as to
how it could be made more reader friendly.

I think this will do it. Below is the instructions for writing reviews for the
story. Please remember that it really means a lot to authors receiving these
reviews. Both Janet and I are looking forward to receive feedback and reviews
for this part from 'old' readers as well as receiving feedback and reviews for
the whole story from new readers. Remember to apply for joining the group if you
have written a review and want to join it and send me an email telling me the
username used for the review if it is different to the username used for
applying for joining the group.

All comments, information, usernames and so on can be sent to
mickni2000@icqmail.com .

It will take some time before part 4 will be uploaded as we haven't started
writing it yet and as I will be quite busy the next couple of weeks. But as long
as we receive these nice reviews for it we will promise to do our best writing
it as quickly as possible.

Kind regards.

Master Mick

Here is the 'review' instructions:

If you already have a username for writing reviews:

Sign in with your username and write the review. Then you can apply for joining
the group if you want to. Remember to send me an email telling me the username
used for the review if it is different to the username used for applying for
joining the group.



If you do NOT have a username for writing reviews:

1. Open the site http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/review.php?storyid=1785
2. Click the button "Want to register?
3. Read the 'join information' and press "agree"
4. Fill out the Registration: Required Information and that is:
- user name
- two times password
- two times email address
it is the first five lines on the site (optional information is free, fill it
out if you want to!) Remember that if they ask anything about credit card you
are on the wrong site!
5. Click on "Submit" at the bottom of the page.
6. You see a site telling that a letter with activation info has been sent to
your email account.
7. Go to your email account and open the message from BDSMLIBRARY. Click on the
activation link and you are on. The system place a cookie on your computer
meaning as long as you don't delete cookies you will automatically be logged one
when opening the site.

Now you are ready to write reviews. Please do it!!!!! Remember to apply for
joining the group if you want to and to send me an email telling me the username
used for the review if it is different to the username used for applying for
joining the group.

And now for what you have been waiting for:

Add 19, Mick, The Medical Block

"Hi there and welcome!" called out a male voice behind us. Heike turned around
the cage and I could see a tall, thick man coming towards us from an office
located next to the locked chamber. He was dressed in a doctors coat and he wore
thick glasses making his evil eyes look even bigger. His hair was greasy and
ugly. If this was your private doctor you would surely try to find a new one. He
didn't give the impression that body hygiene was something he gave much
attention to.

"I assume you can hear that we have already started the work of the day? We
couldn't wait any longer otherwise it would have been late evening before we
were finished. But don't worry! I have told the nurses and doctors to wait with
the exciting parts!" Hans continued and the he looked at me

"We are making this show 'only' for you. Resistance pigs like you deserve to see
it all! I could easily use your cunt and ass for medical experiments as well but
Olga has told me that you have been chosen for the slave block. What a pity!
Your body is just perfect for medical experiments. But I must say you really
smell badly of piss and shit. Is she showing a disappointing degree of bowel and
bladder control?" Hans said addressing Olga again.

"She is like all these pigs! You have to teach them all! They are like babies
though I think they are even more disgusting and ugly! I really don't think this
worthless pig knows anything about personal hygiene but I think we will be able
to teach her. Just a little pain and she can't control her bowel and
bladder....ooaagh... just disgusting! Her smell right now is nothing compared to
what we had to endure during her initial whipping I can tell you!" Olga answered
dragging painfully at my collar making it cut into the skin of my nick.

"Make sure I will get her if she fails the training? She really looks
promising!" Hans asked Olga.

"Sure! When the bitch has seen all that you have to show her I'm sure she will
push herself beyond limits in order to pass our strict standards, don't you
Doctor Hans?" Olga asked the evil looking doctor.

"I'm sure she will. In this place we really push the women as far as they can
go! Some of them just can't take it. They really panic, though they don't have
to. As long as I'm in charge here they will do all right. We never lose any of
them. Sometimes it takes months for some of them to recover but they always do
in the end. OK, I have to admit that some of them do have mental problems after
some of the treatment but not seriously. They are always able to work in the
fields and so on." Doctor Hans answered and continued "Follow me ladies, I'm so
pleased to be able to show you the work in progress. I really have done a great
job in order to make an interesting program for you!"

The block consisted of a long row of barred cells to the left and right. As
usual they took no chances. The women were trapped inside cells or cages all the
time. Furthermore the regulations stated that during transfer from the cells to
another area the women should be restrained so making escape impossible. Some of
the cells were equipped like ordinary operating theatres with white tiles on the
walls making cleaning easy.

They stopped in front of one of the cells. Inside a woman was strapped to a
chair. She was nude save for a pair of rubber panties and a thick adult diaper.
The look at her face told that she wasn't happy at all though you couldn't see
the lower part of her face. It has been covered by a tight fitting rubber gag
only leaving the eyes visible. The sounds coming from her mouth indicated she
wanted to be released though it wasn't possible to understand what she screamed.
Outside the cell a bottle was placed high on the bars of the cell. The tube
running from the bottom of the large bottle was connected to her gag. The bottle
was opened end making it possible to pour fluid into it. Next to this bottle a
similar bottle was placed. The tube from this bottle was placed on the cell
floor.

"You probably know that babies sometimes have problems with diaper rash as well
as adults when wearing these adult diapers. Furthermore diaper rash is quite
similar to the rash our brave solders are suffering between the legs when they
have been in the battle field for a long time not able to clean themselves. This
slut has been put in an adult diaper, which will not be changed as frequently as
normally done. The fact is that she has been wearing the same diaper for five
days. The bottle placed on the bars is for feeding her.

Her food is liquid food with laxative added so avoiding the possibility of
constipation. Furthermore it causes her waste to be thin and just perfect to
fill the diaper really making diaper rash a problem for her. I think you will
agree with me when I claim that the look in her eyes leaves no doubt that she
really dislikes her present condition" Doctor Hans said laughing loudly. "Don't
worry my sweet heart. You will only be restrained like this for a few minutes
more. Then the nurses will make you ready for an examination and to test some of
our special preparations for treating diaper rash. When your stinking ass is
treated and ready you will be put into a diaper again for additional five days.
Nurse, will you please strap the other slut put in an adult diaper in addition
to this disgusting slut and prepare them for taking food in order to make them
produce more waste. Otherwise it will interfere with the test. They are
scheduled to have food every four hours with eight hours rest during the night.
The amount each time is two litres" The doctor said addressing a nurse standing
beside him.

The nurses came back with a woman dressed in a heavy canvas dress. Her hands had
been chained to a waist belt with a short connecting link. Below the belt a
chain could be seen running through steel reinforced holes in the dress. It was
padlocked at the front. A similar chain was running through holes on her chest
and padlocked with the same padlock. It was obvious that these chains prevented
her from removing the heavy dress. Her bulky waist left no doubt that she had
been diapered as well. A feeding gag like the one the one the other woman was
wearing had been locked around her face making speech impossible. The nurse
guiding her gave her a hard slash on her diaper covered ass with a heavy riding
whip. She ran forward screaming into her gag. The scream clearly showed that the
diaper rash had begun to cause her pain as the thickness of the diaper and
canvas would normallyhave absorbed the painful stroke of the riding whip. "Place
your filthy ass on the chair beside the other slut diapered like you are."

The woman just rushed to the chair in order to avoid further punishment and when
seated she was firmly strapped to it. The look in her eyes clearly indicated
that sitting on her ass was quite an ordeal causing her severe pain. The nurse
just ignored it and attached a tube to her feeding device.

The woman's name was Jane. She had been caught some months ago and put into the
'normal' interrogation process. She managed to refuse talking and then the Nazis
had decided to transfer her to the medical experimentation block. She really was
scared when they told her but then she thought that it couldn't be worse than
the interrogation but she was wrong!. Jane was a dancer, a 25 years old pretty
good looking dancer, 5ft6in tall, 134 lbs, 37c-24-36. She had waist long auburn
hair and sweet green eyes. The Nazis had pierced her just for fun. As it
recently was done they still did hurt and caused her a lot of troubles. They had
put ss steel rings in nipples, long ss steel ring in her belly and a titanium
ring in her clit. They had all been secured with some locktite glue in the
keeper balls making removal impossible without tools. Finally her cunt had been
shaven completely nude just to add to the humiliation. The thick soiled diaper
didn't make it better.

"I guess you have all noticed the heavy canvas suit ensuring that slut Jane
can't remove the diaper? This is the second test we make. During the first test
one of the filthy sluts used for it actually managed to destroy the canvas suit
with a fork and she then removed her diaper. For this act she was 'rewarded'
with one month in the solitary confinement boxes. Then she was taken back to
this block and tested again. I really think she did regret her act as it took
her more than one month just to be able to sit on her filthy ass again" doctor
Hans told laughing loudly

Then the nurse took a pail containing a brown liquid and poured some of it into
the bottles. Each was filled with two litres. Then she opened a valve at the end
of each bottle and the brown, foul looking liquid started to flow in the tube
and within a few seconds the women were shaking their head from side to side
desperately trying to swallow in order not to be choked. As the tubes were thick
they had to swallow pretty fast. The nurse carefully watched their reaction and
when their eyes looked really wild and they shook their head frantically from
side to side she cut off the flow for a while in order to let them empty the
tube and fill their lungs with fresh air. Then she opened the valves for the
liquid to flow again. The poor women had no choice but to swallow until the
bottles were empty again. Their stomachs were quite swollen when they had taken
it all making them feel even more uncomfortable.

"The large thick diaper can take the waste for all five days keeping it inside
the rubber panties making the diaper extremely soggy. She is ready to do
anything to have it changed but I'm sorry to tell it isn't possible as it will
interfere with the experiment. In order to check if the diapers rash is
different if you are allowed to move we are doing the same test on both sluts
giving the static and dynamic data for their files. You came just in time to see
the nurses check Jane's and Josephine's diaper rash and make a diaper change on
them. Nurses, when the feeding is completed you strap the ladies on the small
tables. Make sure their legs are tied spread and with the legs pointing towards
the ceiling. I want their filthy asses to hang freely in the air for easy access
to examine the diaper rash on both asses and cunts. You have to remove the
diapers quickly before they start to defecate again. Plug them well!! I want
them to save all their goodies to their new and clean diaper. It's important
that the irritation of the sensitive skin starts immediately after the diaper
change. Just make them ready, and then I will take a closer look when we come
back. In the meantime we can watch the other experiments taking place right now"
the doctor told Mistress Olga while looking at me smiling evilly.

We continued alongside the row of cages and cells. We stopped in front of
another barred cell.

"You see, this is a bitch named Julie. She has been like this since yesterday
evening just awaiting her ordeal to begin. Sometimes the fear of the pain can be
worse than the pain itself! When looking at her body I guess you all can see she
is in heavy perspiration. I call it fear sweat. The wet body makes the current
flow even better. In order to make it possible for her to see it all while being
restrained like this we have placed this large mirror over her. It has been
tilted to give her a clear view of her lovely wired body" Doctor Hans told the
visitors.

"Julie is a dancer meaning being strapped like this is not exactly her style.
She really love to be able to move her body. But bitches like her just deserve
this treatment!" Doctor Hans told.

Julie really was a beautiful woman. Though she looked dirty and soiled not being
able to clean herself for a long time she still looked good. Even the sweat
covering her body entirely did look nice on her. She was 23 years old, 5ft3in,
34b-22-35 and a weight of 130lbs did make her body look perfect combined with
the waist length blonde hair, which was a term is honey blond, kinda
red/gold/blond. She had lovely warm large blue eyes but right now they really
looked scared. Furthermore she was nicely pierced with a  surgical stainless
steel screw type rings in both nipples, belly, clit, and one in each vaginal
lip, which all had been secured with lock-tight glue in all keeper balls making
removal impossible. Furthermore she had a gold ring in my septum but this one
had not been secured meaning it could be removed if wanted. Finally her ears had
been pierced in 3 places. She really looked like a submissive slave ready to do
everything for her Master or Mistress. Strapped and wired like this she just
hoped that all this was a nightmare that would stop when she woke up. But it
wasn't!!!

Most women would look scared in her condition. Her body had been fitted with
wires all over. Her ass and cunt had been deeply plugged with thick iron rods
each connected to a lot of wires. Her nipples had been clamped with crocodile
jaws wired as well. A lot of wires had been glued to different places on her
body. Even her head had been wired with two wires running from each ear. The
most scaring was her mouth spreader. It was a kind of dental gag forcing her
mouth widely open. A large bunch of wires came out of her mouth. All wires were
connected to a large control panel standing beside the steel board onto which
she was strapped.

"Ahhhhhh, I see you have noticed the dental gag! I am really proud of this
dental device with all these nice features. I guess you all know the teeth are
extremely sensitive. With this device I can add current to one tooth or all of
then causing her extreme pain. I'll gradually increase the amount of current
until she is at her maximum. Then I write down the data in her file. I'll do it
with every single part of her body giving a complete set of data of how much the
female body can take for our brave interrogators. I will do the test on more
women in order to have some sets to compare with. What is great with slut Julie
is that she really fears current. This is excellent as she then will give us
perfect data. Some women actually are turned on when being subjected to this
torture but it isn't like this with this worthless slut" Doctor Hans explained
while checking the wires attached to Julies body.

"I checked the circuits yesterday but I still have to make sure they are
properly and firmly attached." Doctor Hans instructed Olga and Heike.

"I think she is ready. Raise the cage with slut janet towards the ceiling giving
her a clear view. She can't see it all from her present position" Hans said to
Heike.

They attached a chain to the cage and I heard a winch start again lifting the
cage free of the ground making me hang pretty close to the table and really
giving me a clear view of this poor scared woman. I just felt so sorry for her.

"During this experiment we have to be careful as faults may cause severe
problems keeping her with us. The most dangerous parts are the head and the
heart. Therefore I have decided to demonstrate how we do it to these places.
Then my skilful nurse will take over and complete the last test in order to give
us a complete test. We will start with the breast nipples. You can see they have
both been nicely clamped causing her a great deal of discomfort but this will be
nothing compared to what she will feel now. Aren't you excited sweet Julie?"
Doctor Hans asked her.

She desperate tried to shake her head and beg him to stop this test but it
wasn't easy as she was gagged and her head had been strapped to the table using
a heavy leather head harness. The head harness prevented her from hurting her
head during the test. Some women just slammed the head against the hard surface
in order to faint and get rid of the awful pains and cramps just for a moment
until they wake up again.

"Nurse will you prepare the shock generator so we can wake her up to check her
heart rate stop! Then I will start the test at low level just to warm her up!"
Doctor Hans told the nurse.

He moved a switch on the panel and a humming sound from the transformer could be
heard indicating that the cruel instrument was ready to be used. He made some
adjustments and then he turned a black dial. First nothing could be seen on
Julie but then she started to squirm uncomfortably.

"You see, on low level it is only tickling her. Some women feel sexually aroused
at this level.  I actually think this is what this slut is feeling. Though her
nipples have been squeezed by the jaws I think they have increased in size. I
think she is ready to feel the current can flowing between her breasts!" Doctor
Hans said while turning the deal slowly watching the instrument indicating the
level of current and voltage.

Julie started to scream in her gag. Her body started to arch frantically and she
shook her breasts in a useless attempt to make the jaws fall of. Her screams
just grew stronger and stronger. Doctor Hans continued to increase the current.
The nurse was busy writing down the data concerning heart beat, breathing,
pulse, temperature and so on. Now Julie really was in extreme pain and she had a
frantic look on her face. Noticing this reaction Doctor Hans switched off the
current and Julie's body just fell back on the hard table again breathing
heavily. Her eyes were full of tears and she was sobbing desperately due to the
pain she had just felt. She really was frantic as she knew this was only the
beginning!


"Excellent! You are doing well. I actually didn't believe we would be able to
increase that much during the initial warm up. I think we will wait with the
second breast test until we are almost finished. We really have to be careful
with this part of the test. Our brave interrogators just need to know how the
body reacts to this kind of torture. They have had a lot of troubles with this
torture almost loosing the victim sometimes during the interrogation. It's no
problem as long as you use one breast for instance the nipple and some of the
sensitive flesh in this area. But it you let the current flow between the
nipples it is an alarmingly close contact to the heart and the different
frequency if you use alternate current or the steady frequency if you use direct
current really affects the heart and interferes with the frequency of the beat.
Therefore it is important to know the limit. Some of you will then ask why do
they add current between the nipples during interrogation if there are so many
other places to add current? The answer is that the sensitive nipples and
breasts really are excellent for extracting information especially on a woman.
Most women just fear to be electrocuted in the sexual places. Therefore we do
what we can to provide them with the needed data for doing this kind of torture.
Enough of this! I think we will move on with the teeth. I will gradually
increase the current for the teeth and the tongue until is just unpleasant and
keep it on this level. Then I will make an individual maximum test of each
tooth. We have checked all teeth and I have my favourites and they are the teeth
in really good shape. Now I'm excited to see if I am right" he said while
pressing some buttons and then he turned the centre dial again.

Julie started to scream again. Doctor Hans started to turn another dial and now
the real test began. Current was increased for one tooth. The screams went
hysterical but he just continued to increase the current. Now she really was in
trouble, sweating heavily. Her screams grew weaker and weaker and the look in
her eyes told us she wasn't thinking rationally anymore. She just desperately
tried to find a way out of this terrible pain but she just had to realise that
there wasn't any way out. She just had to endure the pain until doctor Hans was
satisfied with the test. Doctor Hans noticed the change in her condition.

"She actually does well in this test too. Women just can take so much pain. The
problem using the teeth for interrogation is that you have to use these dental
gags in order to protect yourself. The victim suffering this incredible pain is
ready to bite you the best she can. Therefore I use this dental gag making her
mouth widely open. The problem of this regarding interrogation is that she can't
talk using this gag. I have made a gag useable for this purpose. When firmly
fitting in the mouth all you have to do is to operate the two handles located at
each side of the gag and it will close or open without having to remove the gag.
Though it is a little difficult to talk wearing it in closed condition it is
still possible and the speaking is almost always understandable. They have used
them for a while in the interrogation centre and they seem satisfied. What do
you think about the gag Julie? Isn't it just wonderful? I know you have had it
opened all the time as we don't want to talk with you. You did have your chance
to talk but you refused. Now you must pay the price for this mistake providing
the interrogators with data making it possible to extract information from your
resistance friends or resistance pigs as I like to call them!" Doctor Hans told
her laughing sickly again.

"Well Julie, enough talking. I don't think you can wait much longer to continue
the test? Furthermore we can't use more time for talking. Work is waiting! I
think I will let my skilful nurse do the rest of the tests. She has been with me
for quite a long time and she knows exactly what I want and what is more
important she loves to inflict pain on women. Nurse do you have any questions
before I continue the show for our visitors?" Doctor Hans asked her.

"No Doctor, I just know what to do. This stupid bitch will be pushed far beyond
her limits until her body is steaming due to the current she has surged! Don't
worry; I know what to do!" She answered Doctor Hans.

"Good! I think slut janet has seen what is necessary to learn what she need to
learn from this demonstration. I think she is ready to see some more exciting
experiments on these resistance pigs" Doctor Hans said smiling at me.

I still remained silent. I knew words were useless. No matter what I said they
would continue these horrible experiments and they surely would show me how they
did it. I had no other choice than see what they wanted me to see though it all
made me sick and feeling terrible. I just wanted so badly to be able to help
these poor women but it wasn't possible especially in my present condition caged
within this cramped and tiny cage.

"Come on ladies. I have more to show! The next experiment is quite interesting
as all other experiments we do in this block. It is the heat test. Our brave
suffer from this burning inferior of burning ships, planes, tanks, vehicles and
so on. If we are able to provide them detailed data concerning how the human
body react to heat they will be able to do much better in these situations."
Doctor Hans told while guiding towards another area, which was different. It
wasn't a cell area like the other seen. This area was more like a boiler plant.
I did contain two cylindrical 3 metres high tanks. The size of the tanks
indicated that they could trap a human body inside it that would only be able to
stand or sit curled up on the floor. The heavy doors closing the tanks were
mounted with a large window making it possible to watch what was going on inside
the tanks. Inside the tanks two poor women were trapped chained in standing
position to the ceiling of the tanks with heavy chains. Furthermore the area did
hold two big stainless steel bath tubs. A woman was restrained into one of the
tubs sobbing and obviously in extreme pains. The steam coming from the tube
indicated that the water she was submerged into with only the head above water
was pretty hot. The whole body except the head was deeply red.

"In this area we can control the temperature in the tubs and in the steel
chambers. We are presently testing the endurance of these two women in the
chambers (see picture of the chamber in the group Friends_of_Janets_Ordeal) in
accordance to air temperature and the woman in the tub in accordance to water
temperature. The chambers next to the tubs are constructed like a sauna with a
maximum temperature inside the tanks of 150 degrees. As they are quite small we
can adjust the temperature quite quickly. These slut must endure the heat for
one hour then they have 30 minutes rest with a temperature of only 50 degrees
then we continue the test by raising the temperature five degrees. As the test
has been on for a while you will see them being tested at a temperature of 110
degrees. If you take a closer look at the sluts you can see they are not happy
inside the chambers. I really wonder why we are just making sure they don't feel
cold" Doctor Hans said smiling at me "Even though the heat chambers are quite
thick and they have been gagged with a feeding gag making it possible to add
water to the sluts you can still hear them screaming." Doctor Hans instructed.

I looked inside these awful chambers through the windows. The poor women just
turned their heads from side to side and moved the body in a useless attempt to
make it more comfortable. Sweat was running down their bodies. They were both
blinking due to the sweat running into the eyes causing additional discomfort.

"I will now demonstrate how fast we can control the temperature. I increase the
temperature 10 degrees for a moment and then I decrease again" He told us while
turning a dial.

Inside the chambers the women started to scream even more and then they both
began to look weaker like they were on the limit to collapse. Doctor Hans
noticed this and he decreased the temperature again.

"I really think we are close to the limit. Their data indicates this as well. I
really think they will collapse during the next test after their 30 minutes
rest. If not at 115 degrees then I think 120 degrees will do it. I have noticed
that they have difficulties breathing and they perspire so much that dehydration
is beginning to be a problem though we add all the water we are able to add.
It's time for their break!" Doctor Hans told while turning the dial again. The
temperature inside the tanks quickly decreased to 50 degrees and by turning a
handle the chains holding their arms were released making them drop to the floor
exhausted like hell. They both started hammering their hands against the windows
and screamed the best they could to be released from these heat chambers but
Doctor Hans just smiled and pressed a button activating the loudspeakers inside
the tanks.

"Please be patience, sluts! You will soon be released. We just need a few more
tests then you will have a nice sleep in a warm cell. Just be brave and think on
what you do to science. " He said laughing again.

"During their rest we can have a closer look of the slut in the tub. She has
been strapped to a board with an inclined rest for her back making it possible
to submerge her body totally in the water still keeping the head above the
water. The board has been connected to chains and a winch above the tub making
it possible to raise her free of the water without any risk that our nurses will
be hit by the hot water. We have to think about safety for our workers!" he told
laughing again.

"Right now she has been put in water with a temperature of 75 degrees. You see
the wires attached to her body? It's for being able to monitor her condition. On
this remote panel we can check everything concerning how she is; that is body
temperature, breathing frequency, blood pressure, pulse and some more. This
means that we continuously can survey her. It's quite amazing as her condition
is excellent save for the redness of her skin. She will be all right when she
has had a few days to recover again. Therefore we have to move on with the test.
She will now have 45 minutes rest in the other tub heated to body temperature.
During her rest she will be filled up with water until her stomach is expanded
to the bursting point. When she is fine again we will put her back into the hot
tub again. The starting temperature will be 50 degrees and then we will
gradually increase the temperature to 80 degrees and test her again. I'm quite
excited if she still will be able to take it" Doctor Hans told while looking at
the sobbing woman looking at him with eyes begging for release or at least a
long break. He just ignored it and ordered the nurse to put her in the 'rest'
tub and push the water funnel into her throat.  The nurse did as ordered looking
quite excited being allowed to watch these women suffering extreme pains. With
the funnel firm into place the nurse started to poor water into it while
watching her eyes and stomach.

"You see that the slut has been strapped to a wooden board with inclined back
rest? This makes it possible to keep her head above the water during the test.
Her head is secured to the board in order to make sure she don't try to do
something stupid, which for instance could be trying to drown her self in order
to get rid of the pain" doctor Hans instructed while the nurse still poured
water into the funnel. She regularly paused in order to let the woman fill her
lungs with fresh air. They all noticed that the woman's stomach was quite
swollen indicating that it really was filled with water. Her eyes again went
desperate as her stomach was filled to the limit. The nurse poured some more in
the funnel and then she stopped which seems to be a great relief for the woman
as she looked grateful trying to thank her through the funnel.

"Just shut up! Nobody is talking to you. You are nothing but a piece of flesh,
which can provide us with data for science!" the nurse sneered at her.

The funnel was removed and the poor woman continued to moan in pain. She was
just too tired for screaming anymore though the pains from the hot water was
almost unbearable for her.

"I really think we are close to the limits of her endurance but I still think
she will be able to go through the 80 degrees test. I'm not sure she can take
more than this but we might choose to make a test only raising the temperature
two degrees instead of five. Maybe she will be able to go through this test as
well. I'm happy she has stopped screaming loudly. Sometimes we have to use ear
guards when testing these sluts as they really screams worse than babies" he
told us.

"As they are not ready in the next cells yet I suggest we stay here for a while
enjoying the show. I have had some televisions installed this place for being
able to monitor the progress with the other tests. Its brand new equipment,
which have been develop during the war and they have asked us to test it. Though
it is black and white it really is amazing being able to monitor the experiments
in adjacent rooms without having to be there. . I think janet would like to see
slut Julie 'enjoying' the gentle current added to her body as well as the two
diapered sluts being prepared for the inspection?" he asked

"Sure, it will just be a pleasure watching the skilful treatment of these sluts" 
Olga answered.

The TVs was switched on and Julie could be seen on one of the screens. She
looked like she had been in the shower. Her body was shaking and she just
screamed and screamed.

"Ahhhhhhhh, I see you like the anus current. I think it is exciting as well.
It's amazing how much a woman can take in this disgusting hole. As you have been
placed on a smooth rubber covered mattress you can arch your body all you want
without any risk you will harm yourself. You really look nice being strapped
like this. It must be interesting for a dancer like you being strapped like this
not able to move your body much. I think I will suggest that your next test will
be extended chaining on the Chinese shackle board. It's a great mean of
punishment. The 'lucky' woman is shackled spread-eagled on the board making the
shackles cut into the flesh if she moves too much. A heavy canvas hood with a
mouth zipper and two holes for the nose is locked around her neck. The board has
been provided with a hole in the middle for waste. Then she can lie like this
for weeks with nothing else to do than wait for release in the darkness. It must
be quite an ordeal for a dancer being strapped like this not able to move her
body at all. Don't you think this will do you good?" the nurse asked Julie. She
desperately tried to say no but only a muffle sound did escape her mouth.

"Good, then I will make sure this will be your next test. Sluts like you really
deserve to get what you want" the nurse continued laughing loudly while turning
the dial again increasing the current. Julie just screamed and screamed while
sweat was running down her body. She really was close to the limit but the nurse
really knew how to push her to the limit without 'loosing' her. She just loved
this job and it really was a turn on for her exploring the limits crossing the
borders again and again. Julie never thought it was possible enduring that much
pain without passing out but she had to realise that it actually was possible.

"Now let's try something else. You will now feel the current flow between the
thin membrane separating your gut and vagina. I will let the current flow from
the bottom end of the butt plug to the top end of the dildo. As usual we will
start on low level making it tickle and maybe even be a pleasure for you and
then I will gradually increase until we have reached the limit again. Isn't it
just wonderful! In order to calm you down I can tell we 'only' lack between ten
and twenty tests depending on your endurance before we have completed the test!"
the nurse told Jane laughing again while adding current to her body at low level
again.

At first Julie just felt like a hard tickling between her legs but then it
really started to hurt again. Her ass cramped like it was squeezing the plug.
She desperately tried to expel the plug causing her so much pain. Within a few
seconds it just felt like her lower part was on fire and like thousands of
needles were piercing the sensitive skin. Again she screamed like hell just
encouraging the evil nurse to increase the current another step.

While all this was going on making me feel so sorry for this poor woman she
heard a winch starting to work again. The woman strapped to the inclined board
was removed from the 'rest' tub and again she was submerged in the heating tub
again on with the head free of the water. One nurse wrote down some data while
another nurse adjusted some valves. I could see the thermometer indicating the
temperature in the tub. The initial temperature was 60 degrees making it hurt
when she was put into the tub. She moaned in pain. I thought she was to weak and
tired to scream anymore. The the temperature started to increase and her moans
went stronger. At 75 she could almost not be heard anymore causing one of the
nurses to check her condition more careful.

"She is all right! Pulse and hearth is steady. She is breathing more heavily but
that is the only change. Just proceed!" she said.

The other nurse continued adjusting the temperature until it was 80 degrees. I
could only hear sporadic weak moans from the woman indicating that she really
was in troubles.

"I don't think she will be able to take anymore. She is about to collapse! I
think we have to talk to doctor Hans before we make the 82 degrees test on her.

It was just horrible witness all this. I looked into the heat chambers. The
temperature on each chamber indicated 110 degrees. I couldn't hear the women but
I could see they were screaming frantically moving their bodies from side to
side within the restriction of their restraints. Then one of the women just
collapsed hanging in her chains.

"Now look!!! Why can't we get the right stuff? Let her lie down for a while and
decrease the temperature to 50 degrees. Try to wake her up using current. I
don't want to open the chamber yet. If we succeed waking her up I think we give
it another try. If she collapse again I think we have to stop or at least let
her recover for longer before we proceed. I hope the other bitch can take it.
Otherwise we will have no 120 degrees test! It can't be right that they are weak
like this. They really are useless pigs and nothing more. If the other slut
collapse as well I think we let them rest in a cell for 24 hours and then we
just start with the 120 degrees test. I'm sure they can take it" the nurse said
clearly indicating how disappointed she was.

While this was going on doctor Hans returned with Mistress Olga and Miss Heike.
Mistress Olga gave me a hard stroke with the riding whip through the bars of the
cage.

"Are you enjoying the show? Have you realised that a life in the slave training
block actually is preferable compared to this? If not I think doctor Hans has
something more to show us! Mistress Olga shouted out making me shiver in the
cage.

"Sure I have! The block is education block as well meaning medical student
participate in some of the experiments. Furthermore we use these dirty sluts as
subjects for practicing operations on human beings though I don't consider these
sluts as this. During these operations we do some experiments concerning the
need to use anaesthetic. These slut don't deserve this making them just perfect
to test if it is possible to operate without using it. Some of the sluts from
the love block has been used for this purpose as they found it hard to accept
the need to do their very best. We had the students operate them certain places.
I guess you can imagine where?" doctor Hans said smiling at me.

"We made it a game. Two operation teams did the same operation on two women.
When the wounds had healed again we did make a blind test in the love block.
Some visitors were blind folded and then their job were to find these two women
between ten sluts. All they knew were that either their breast or cunt had gone
through an operation and that was all. The team with most positive
identifications meaning the team who had made the operation on the woman being
marked as operated most times did loose. I really was funny to watch them check
it out dragging and squeezing their sensitive parts in order to be absolutely
sure. Due to the danger of infection if we visit these areas I have decided to
show you something else. One of the sluts who has been put in solitary
confinement has been caught masturbating. It's  of course unacceptable and she
must be punished. She has been sentenced to one month in the filthy slut area
doing hard labour work 17 hours a day. Though they are chained and forced to
crawl like animals this place we have decided to make sure she doesn't
masturbate during her stay with these cows. Therefore we have decided to sew her
cunt tightly closed only with a small tube coming out for making it possible for
her to pee. She is already prepared to the operation in the next cell. I thought
you would like to see it be done?" doctor Hans asked

"Sure, it really sounds interesting. Maybe this would be an idea with my sluts
as well. We sometimes caught one of them doing the same. This is an excellent
way to make them think twice before doing it again. Don't you agree with me, you
worthless smelly resistance pig?" mistress Olga answered addressing me with a
broad exciting smile at her face.

I didn't know what to answer. It all seemed so hopeless. My answer wouldn't
change anything and therefore I decided to remain silence again.

"Answer!!! I'm addressing you" Mistress Olga cried out

"I don't know" I managed to answer.

"You don't know! You really have a lot to learn. A slave must always know the
right answer for her Mistress or Master no matter what she is asked. It's quite
easy. You just have to think on that the answer is supposed to please him or
her!!! All this means the only right answer for this question would be yes
Mistress Olga! Don't you ever forget again!" Mistress Olga cried out as loudly
as she could.

They wheeled me to the next cell. Inside the cell a woman was strapped to an
operation table with her legs placed in steel stirrups and spread widely apart.
She was completely nude and her cunt had already been shave nicely clean. Beside
her stood 4 students in operation outfit awaiting the signal to begin the cruel
act. The woman really looked unhappy with tears in her eyes.

"Oh no please, not this! I'll be good I promise.  I know it was a fault. It was
just so boring being locking inside this tiny dark cell with nothing else to do.
Please don't do this to me!" she begged them.

"You know what to do. I will let one of our operation experts inspect your work
when you are finished. You better do your very best to get the best mark for
this exercise. Now proceed!" doctor Hans said to the team not paying any
attention to her begging.

One of the students poured a disinfection solution over the cunt while another
prepared the tube and the needle. Then they began the work. One of the students
took a good grab in her cunt lips squeezing them together while the needle was
pushed through the sensitive skin making her scream like a child. Ignoring her
begging and protest they just continued sewing the cunt close. Then the tube was
inserted and they started sewing from the other side making sure the clit was
nicely hidden as well. One of the stitch actually did go through her clit making
her scream frantically moving her head from side to side. The whole operation
took almost 30 minutes and then the four students stepped back looking at their
work. They all seemed satisfied with the result while the woman was sobbing like
a child with tears running down her face. The poor woman's cunt was completely
sewn tightly closed. The stitches almost disappeared into the sensitive flesh. I
really felt sick knowing how much pain she endured right now making my cramps
feel like a gentle touch between the legs ((see picture of the sluts cunt during
the operation in the group Friends_of_Janets_Ordeal).

"Excellent! I think this will teach her a lesson...and the cows in the filthy
slut area as well!! Let her be like this for a while. When inspected by the
expert just call a team from the block of the cows for holding her" doctor Hans
instructed them.

"What do you think? Quite a show?" doctor Hans said addressing us again.

"OK, I think we are ready for the final part of this show. I think our diapered
sluts are almost ready for the final check before they are diapered for five
more days" he said without awaiting an answer for the question.

I was again wheeled towards the cell we first visited.

The old nurse taking care of the poor diapered women had teaching a young woman
as an additional job.
"Come here a let me show you how disgusting these diapers are when they have
been used. First help me undressing this filthy slut jane. " she said

The nurse took a key and removed the padlocks securing the 'safety' chain
preventing Jane from removing anything without a knife to cut off the canvas.
Then they removed the dress letting her stand before them with her bulky
diapered ass. Though she was wearing these thick rubber panties she really did
smell disgusting.

The old nurse started to explain for the student.

"The diapers are not like normal diapers. The difference is that a normal diaper
is supposed to keep the ass as dry as possible. As we want the rasp to grow
these diapers has been constructed only to keep the waste inside it. They are
only dry when they are put on. The first time used makes them wet and soggy and
they remain like this until we take them off. The worst part of this is that if
it wasn't for the painful rasp these sluts actually love to wear these soggy
diapers. They are just like pigs; loving to be soiled in their own dirt and
waste. I bet this slut has been sexual excited in the beginning but don't worry;
I'll teach you how to make them focus their mind!! Let's put her on this short
bench with her ass free in the air and her legs bending slightly towards her
head and spread as far as they can go. This really is the most excellent
position for checking the diaper rasp both front and rear. We will have to clean
the pig before inspecting her but not too much as she are scheduled to be out
back in a diaper when doctor Hans has checked her. We have to hurry. Listen to
her stomach! If we don't hurry all the goodies will go in this diaper and we
don't want this to happen. Take the inflatable butt plug and make sure it is
ready to be inserted when the diaper is removed. Then we will have plenty of
time to clean her as much as we want. " the nurse ordered the student.

She came back with a huge greased rubber butt plug with a inflating bulb at the
end. Furthermore it seemed to have connection for a plug.

"You see; this is a multipurpose butt plug. It has connection for adding current
to the ass, it can be inflated until she screams for mercy and finally it can be
heated up or it can be chilled with freezing cold water. All done to make it as
exciting as possible for the woman who has the fortune to wear it! Jane has been
chosen to be offered this excellent butt plug. I bet she is excited as she is
excited to have the diaper temporary removed. Now you put on a pair of rubber
gloves and then you take position behind slut Jane ready to ram the plug up
inside her as soon as I remove the diaper, we don't want her to soil anything
with her disgusting waste. Are you ready?" the nurse asked her.

"Sure, no problem it really sounds easy to me"

The nurse unchained one leg and then she quickly removed the rubber panties
letting them hanging on the other leg ready to be put back onto place. She then
placed a pail just below her ass and first then the diaper was removed revealing
a stinking, brown, shit and piss soaked ass and cunt. Jane never had felt so
humiliated in her entire life being strapped and soiled like this so totally
exposed and vulnerable for any treatment they decided to subject her to"

The student really was quick with the plug. She just rammed it up into her anus
as fast as she could and started to inflate it.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAooohhhhhhh.... Please nooooooo. Not in my ass hole. It really hurts
so much" Jane begged

"Shut up and focus in your ordeal!! You have felt nothing yet!" the old nurse
said while the plug was inflated causing Jane additionally discomfort and pain.
The student just continued to inflate until she was absolutely sure it would
never come out before it was deflated again. Jane desperately moved her head
from side to side and continued begging for mercy. The laxative had started to
work making her feel an urgent need to relieve her bowel.

The nurse connected something between her legs and pressed a button. Jane
started to scream even more turning her head faster from side to side in a
useless attempt to make it stop. The current just continued to flow in her ass
making her splinter and rectum cramp, which just increased the urgent need to
relieve her bowel.  Then the nurse finally stopped it and they both just stood
still watching Jane's reaction.

"I think this will teach you a lesson! If you continue screaming you will be
gagged and maybe hooded as well." The nurse instructed Jane while producing a
hose with a jet nozzle at the end. She opened for the water and a hard jet
stream did hit Jane's behind. First it was cold and nice but in a few seconds it
turned extremely hot. The hard jet stream combined with the pain from the rasp
really caused her a great deal of pain and discomfort. Then finally the nurse
stopped and watched her ass and cunt.

"Come here and look!" she asked the student "You see how red and swollen her
cunt lips are. The diaper rasp really has done its work! But if you look closer
you can see that she has almost no open wounds at all. Doctor Hans wants it to
be really severe before we begin to cure it in order to measure the healing time
using different types of baby powder and salvias. I think he is right when
claiming that additional five days will make her ready." The nurse told

"Ahhhhhh, I see you are ready" doctor Hans's voice could be heard. Standing in
front of the cage were doctor Hans, mistress Olga and Miss Heike who was
wheeling me in my tiny cage.

Doctor Hans opened the cell door and approached the two strapped and spread
women and the two nurses who had prepared them. He started checking Jane.

"Hi again Jane, still having a good time? Have you heard the screams from the
adjacent cell? They come from worthless slut Julie! You know; the woman you
claim not to know though we think you are lying about it. I really think you are
family though your last name isn't the same! How is the rasp? Causing you
troubles? I guess not, it really doesn't look that bad at all!" doctor Hans said
while squeezing her sore cunt labia and dragging in her clit ring causing her
pain again.

"Aaaaaaaaoooo Aauuuuuuuuuhhhhh, not this again....I can't take anymore! I'll be
good" Jane screamed

"It's too late sweet slut Jane! It was stupid of you refusing to talk. Now you
must pay the price! As both you and Julie are pretty good looking you will be
transferred to the love block when I'm through with the two of you. They were
not satisfied with your performance when you visited it recently. I guess your
stay in this block have made you realise that living in the love block is a
vacation compared with this!" doctor Hans said laughing loudly again.

"Put the sluts in a clean diaper and remove the plug just before you seal their
filthy asses! Use some salty gel on the right ass cheek on each slut. I want to
see if this gel affects the diaper rasp. Put some up in their cunts as well just
to make it more interesting for them. This time Jane will take position on the
chair all five days. I think it will do her good to be hooded as well. I think
this really will focus her mind on the test we are doing on her" doctor Hans
ordered

The nurses did as ordered. They remembered to pour a generous amount of the
salty gel up in their cunts as well. It immediately started to cause them a
great deal of discomfort. Then they greased the lower part of their bodies to
make the diaper glue to the body. Now they had to do the worst part. The plug
had to be removed. One nurse had the diaper ready as the other deflated the
plug. They counted to three. On three the plug was dragged out and the diaper
was put on. The sound coming from both women's ass holes left no doubt that the
diapers wasn't clean anymore. They quickly replaced the rubber panties again.
The large rubber panties was greased on the inner side to make sure they glued
tight to the diaper and the body ensuring the 'goodies' was kept inside the
diaper and the panties. While Josephine was put in the canvas suit Jane was
strapped to the chair inside the cell. When firmly strapped a thick rubber hood
with a feeding tube and holes for the nose was dragged over her head leaving her
in the darkness. Jane tried to protest and avoid the hood but it was useless.
One of the nurses just dragged in her right nipple ring until she screamed out
loudly in pain making it easy to fit her with the feeding tube. To be sure they
would have her attention if they wanted to they attached two chains to her
nipple rings and connected them to the cell bars.

"Don't be such a baby Jane. You will 'only' be like this for five days. I'm sure
you will get used to it. Pigs like you just love to be dirty and soiled. Just be
grateful that we give you a chance to be soiled like you just love to be soiled!
Furthermore you will have a lot of time to rest. Think on poor Josephine who
must do the cleaning work of the soiled cells you did the past five days! Oh, I
have forgot to tell you. I guess you remember that Dieter and Heike weren't
satisfied with yours and Julie's performance in the love block? I have been
spoken with them and we have agreed to let the two of you have a second chance.
As I have noticed you are very fond of backdoor fucking you will be the ass hole
fuck slut this night taking all the sausage you can imagine in your filthy hole.
Aren't you happy to hear this?" doctor Hans said laughing again.

Jane felt sick hearing this. She had always hated anal sex. She had even
difficulties pushing a thermometer up in the ass for temperature measuring. Now
they would fuck her in the ass until it was blocked out like hell! She already
felt extremely sore this place due to the huge inflated plug, which did fill her
out entirely. She had tried to expel it only to feel more pain as it just was
too huge ever to get out the normal way.  While enduring the current her rectum
muscle just cramped around this awful plug adding an additional urgent need to
expel this horrible butt plug.  Furthermore she could feel the laxative doing
its work as her gut felt like it was about to explode within a few seconds if
she didn't get a change to empty it.  It didn't make her feel much better to
know that she was not allowed to do it before they had 'dressed' her in a clean
diaper.

"How can anybody be that mean? It's just unbearable to think about wearing a
soiled, soggy and disgusting diaper for additional five days! It really will
cause me extreme pain as I already feel a great deal of pain from this horrible
diaper rasp!" Jane was thinking. She knew it was useless begging anymore. These
mean peoples just love to watch her suffer and be humiliated! The more the
better. She felt sick when watching their excited faces busy watching the
reaction on her face sometimes rubbing the clit or dick depending on if it was a
woman or male.  She had actually witnessed a Nazi male and a woman fucking each
other while enjoying her painful condition and telling her how disgusting they
thought she was.  During their sexual act she had been strapped to a whipping
horse and when changing fuck position they enjoyed hitting her sore ass with a
broad paddle. Though she wore this canvas suit it did hurt like hell due to the
never ending painful rasp. She couldn't think on anything more degrading than
being kept diapered like this. An adult diapered like a child! And then this
long tem usage of the same soggy and disgusting diaper just to add pain to the
humiliation she felt.

"Olga, be my guest and try the nipple chains" doctor Hans asked Olga

"My pleasure!!!" Olga answered and dragged hardly in both chains.

Jane couldn't see what was going on but she surely could feel it!! She again
screamed out loudly while trying to move her body towards the cell bars just to
discover that she had be strapped well making any movement almost impossible.

"I think this will do it. I hope my show did teach this slut a lesson! You are
of course welcome to bring her back if you think it can help focussing her mind
on what it's all about!" doctor Hans said

"I just thank you. It was an excellent show. I will be back later my self and
that's for sure!" Olga answered.


Add 20, Janet, The training commences.


   I must confess I was very thankful that my 'sight seeing tour' was drawing to
an end. I had been cramped up in this tiny cage, legs spread and knees up to my
chin for so long that I was in an agony of cramping pain. By this time I could
hardly concentrate on what was being said, when suddenly an enormous shock
ripped through my naked body and I convulsed banging my elbows and knees against
the side of the cage. I realised that Olga was using her prod again and my anus,
where it had been applied, felt as though it had been singed.


   "I spoke to you cunt," Mistress Olga shouted at me, "when I ask a question I
demand an immediate answer." Again I squirmed in agony as the prod touched my
pouting cunt lips.


   "Well done, Olga, you certainly keep your charges up to the mark,"
congratulated Doctor Hans, you give the slut a guided tour and she loses
concentration, she deserves all she gets."


   Again I shuddered with a painful shock, it was clear that Olga was out to
impress the Doctor.


   "Now that you are fully awake, I  am waiting for an answer, slut" demanded
the preening Olga. I certainly was fully 'awake', but what spirit I had left,
completely deserted me, as I realised I could not recall the question!


   "You lazy, good for nothing creature, you really do have a lot to learn don't
you," shouted Mistress Olga while the sinister Doctor chuckled merrily, as
closing my eyes hoping it would all go away, I had to confess that I did not
remember the question. I was terrified that Mistress Olga would now abandon me
to my fate in this ghastly place and hand me over to suffer as the other women I
had just seen, at the hands of this maniac Doctor. But she was not ready to do
that...yet!


   "Well don't worry, my dear, Mistress Olga cooed with obvious sinister intent
we have a variety of interesting ways to extend the capacity of your hearing and
memory. It is time for us to leave this interesting and exciting medical block
as it seems we have much work to do for our interest and pleasure and this sluts
painful education. Thank you Doctor Hans for you interesting an enlightening
tour you are very kind and we must not detain you further from your pleasures.
Come Heike, we must tale our leave with grateful thanks."


   I didn't know which situation would be the worst, to be left here to the
tender mercies of Doctor Hans and his sadistic nurses or be wheeled back to face
certain punishment and further training back in Block 3.


   The trip back was quite excruciating. Not only was I hurting severely from my
cramped position and from the effects of the prod on my cunt and ass, Heike
seemed to delight in steering the cage towards the roughest spots, so that I was
bounced around inside the tiny space, so bruising a chafing various parts of my
naked body. "I hope my assistant is making sure that you are kept awake and
focussed slut janet," chuckled Mistress Olga. Indeed she was!


   Once we had returned from the medical block, Mistress Olga announced, "Time
to punish this slut for her behaviour in the Medical Block and then we can start
her proper training. The cage was duly opened and bit by bit my restraints were
removed. My spirits perked up when I realised what Miss Heike was doing, but the
moment my legs and arms could move, having been immobile and cramped for so long
I was seized by the worst pains of all.


   In sheer agony I was dragged over to what looked a metal triangle, which was
inclined forward at a slight angle. Standing in front of the contraption.
Mistress Olga then handed a dental gag to Miss Heike and proceeded to grip my
nostrils tightly which left me no option but to open my mouth to breathe.
Immediately the dental gag was inserted behind my teeth and Miss Heike's eager
fingers quickly turned the screw which forced my mouth wider and wider until I
thought my jaw would be unhinged. "Well done, Heike, we don't want to hear any
more noise from this slut do we," commented Mistress Olga.


   My arms were raised, stretched taut and held fast by a pair of leather cuffs
attached to the apex of the structure. My feet were also attached to two other
leather cuffs at the base. My belly was thrust against w shaped wooden block
which kept my ass pushed rearwards. Then came a wide leather belt which Miss
Heike tightened around my waist. The tightness of its restriction made me gasp.
Out of the corner of my eye I saw Mistress Olga with her eyes dancing, holding
another leather strap in her hand. This was different, it was round and had
spikes sticking out from it.


   Being round it fitted very snugly into my anal divide and between the puffy
lips of my already painful cunt. It also had a plug attachment which Miss Heike
painfully pushed into my stinging anus, quite wide and lengthy judging from the
discomfort of its entry. The plug was pushed further into my rectum as the strap
was tightened.


   "Here Heike, push this ginger root deep into her smelly hole...that should
help to keep her mind focussed," instructed Mistress Olga. I could hear the
sound of metal against metal and then felt something pushed deeply into my
rectum. Moments later, I let rip with a huge but thin gurgly type of scream as
the whole of my insides seemed to lit up like a fire had been ignited inside me.
I squirmed my ass around as far as my restraints would allow, but the the first
painful lash fell across my protruding buttocks. I squirmed and clenched my ass
cheeks as the pain hit me abd then clearly understood the special purpose of the
crotch strap. The sharp spikes between my buttocks and labia penetrated my
sensitive flesh and caused me to howl again and again as the strokes of Mistress
Olga's whip continued to fall, moving up and down the fleshy curves of my naked
ass, but occasionally falling across my shoulders. As I struggled to deal with
this ever increasing agony I realised the only tiny relief I could achieve was
to try and keep my ass still and relaxed to avoid the sharp spikes penetrating
my ultra sensitive spots as I squirmed and clenched. Not exactly easy to do. I
tried my best, but Mistress Olga knew her job well and soon I was squirming and
screaming in utter painful abandon as her vicious whip continued to weal my bare
flesh.


   In moments the pain of the punishment was just completely overwhelming. No
matter what I did, or which way I moved or didn't move the pain became worse and
worse. All I could do was to hope and pray that Mistress Olga's arm would soon
tire or that her appetite for causing me untold agony would soon be satiated...
and then the cutting lashes ceased and I just collapsed, writhing in agony. Miss
Heike unscrewed the dental gag and removed it, while Mistress Olga swabbed my
back and ass with a cold liquid. It was almost a relief at first, but then the
painful stinging began and I realised that it must have been a strong antiseptic
fluid, which together with the new found pain I felt when trying to close my
over stretched jaws only added to the agony of my punishment.


   "Come, Heike let us leave this slut as she is to ponder the reasons why she
is suffering the pain she now has to put up with." I faintly heard, in my half
conscious state the door open and close and I was left in complete silence save
for my constant gasping, sobbing and writhing.


   All too soon they were back, no doubt having relieved and refreshed
themselves. "Now it is time to start her proper training as a sexual slut"
declared Mistress Olga. "You, Heike, deal with her nipples and I will prepare
her for a ride on the swing."


   Miss Heike moved in front of me and put two nipple expanders around the base
of each of my nipples. Almost immediately the springs in the expander started to
pinch, pull and stretch my hardening nipples, trying to form the perfect nipple
which would eventually look like a large teat. "Many men and also women, for
that matter," commented Miss Olga, "like to play and tease a sluts large
nipples, so we will keep the process going for quite a while, during her ride in
the swing, which will also encourage her breast shape while they hang.


   As I wondered what was going to happen next a beam was swung out. I was
released from the triangle on which I had been whipped, and dragged over
underneath the beam where a broad leather strap was tightened around my waist.
The beam was raised until my feet were off the ground and then my ankles were
strapped tightly to my thighs, then my thighs to a cross bar which extended
across the bottom end of the beam, so keeping my cunt widely stretched. My head
was then strapped back and another mouth spreader was inserted so that there
would be free access to my mouth and throat.


   As the nipple expanders continued to do their job, a large penis like shape
was lowered to my lips and placed just inside my mouth. At the same time a
similar plug was placed just inside the entrance to my vagina.


   "Now I think all is in place," announced Mistress Olga, "first we shall
loosen up your sticky cunt and your throat to get you used to accepting a live
penis without gagging and spluttering. Later we will do likewise to your asshole
in order to ready it for those who enjoy anal pleasures." With that Mistress
Olga pressed a button an the beam moved forwards and backwards, so painfully
causing the dildos to fuck both my mouth and throat and cunt. I gagged as the
monstrous artificial penis slid down my throat, stretching it wide. I couldn't
breathe as my throat bulged to accommodate its size. Gradually the movement of
the beam, slowly increased and my pendant breasts began to swing freely as the
nipple expanders continued to pull and stretch my nipples, as I was vaginally
and orally raped.


   All too soon my body responded to the deep and steady penetration of my cunt
and it wasn't long before orgasm after orgasm ripped through my body...and then
to my horror the penis like object penetrating my throat began to pulse,
shooting a warm liquid down my throat and into my stomach as I swallowed
furiously. I just could not cope with the quantity of artificial cum and soon
some of this fluid was forced into my nasal passages and started to drip from my
nose. At the same time the dildo in my cunt also started to erupt and I was
being pumped full of this warm, sticky fluid from both ends!

Add 21, Mick, The training continues.




Initial words for part 4.

I have not much to say and I think you have had more than enough in the
introduction for the three other parts. Some of you have written about it in
your reviews. Some readers still vote the story low due to language and nothing
more. I have told about it in the initial words for part 2 and 3 and as long as
I haven't found readers ready to help me making it more reader friendly I can
only tell that we are still doing my very best and I hope it gradually will be
improved during the writing process.

Janet and I still hope that the readers still pending and the readers interested
in joining the group will spend the few minutes needed for writing a review for
joining the group. Instructions for joining and review is written in part 3 as
well as in part 2. I think the best instruction is in part 3. Remember that the
vote have nothing to do with being approved for the group. All that matters is
that we know you really are a friend of Janet's Ordeal.

I haven't had the time for finding pics for underlining this part as well as I
haven't uploaded new pics in the "everyday life in camp". I thought it was more
important to have part 4 uploaded. I hope I will get some time for doing it
later. I still hope the members of the group as well as the readers will be
helpful sending me pics useful for the story. Maybe you have pics showing some
treatment you would love to be introduced in the story. I you have pics like
this then I would be happy if you will send them for me using the EM
mickni2000@icqmail.com

I won't bore you with more initial words save for telling that I hope you love
this part as well. Janet and I still hope we will receive a lot of interesting
and exciting feedback and reviews for the story.
.

Add 21, Mick, the training continues.
 
    I had no suspicion how long this awful 'training' as they used to call it,
had been. All I knew was that it had only been going for a few seconds before I
felt sore in my throat and cunt. The stinky fluid temporarily added tasted just
disgusting and due to the fact it ran out of my nose as well I realized that the
smell wasn't much better. It was a smell of rotten meat combined with the smell
of old piss. I did managed to avoid vomiting but it really was difficult as I
had to concentrate on breathing. I could only breathe when the dildo was dragged
almost out of my throat just for a few seconds before I was immediately gagged
by the huge dildo again. I could feel the fluid itch in my cunt. I guess it
contained something to irritate the sensitive flesh as well. The continuous and
merciless penetration of my cunt began to hurt as well. This certainly wasn't
like a normal 'play' in the bed with a sweet man. I tried to find a position
most comfortable for taking this, but in vain, I soon realized it was useless
trying I just had to cope with it. In any case, my restraints prevented any
useful movement.  It felt like the dildo in my cunt penetrated to the cervix and
that the dildo in my throat thrust so deeply that it made me gag. As time went
by the pain just grew worse and worse.

   "Please!!! Please make it stop and let me have a break. Just for a few
minutes would allow some relief! Please!!!" I thought and even tried to scream
out, but that was virtually out of the question as I had to use all the time
available for sucking in fresh air when it was possible and besides I didn't
think anybody  would even notice even if I did scream.

   I tried to think about something else though it was really  hard as I had to
concentrate on breathing and coping with the pain. I was wondering who of these
people I really thought was the most mean and cruel. Was it Ilsa, Mistress Olga,
Doctor Hans or the Commandant Mick? It really seemed that every time I thought I
had met the cruelest person a new and meaner individual showed up. This place
was like a factory just to produce pain for poor women! I was wondering if
anyone ever did succeed in fleeing from this horrible place telling the outer
world about it? I really had my doubts. First I thought that if somebody had I
would have heard about it from my resistance friends. Second they were always
careful with safety, always keeping the victims in restraints during transport.
It really would be difficult if not impossible to even get the chance try. And
now they were training me to be a good slave...a good slave! I almost couldn't
say it! They had just taken all my human rights and dignity from me and made me
worthless until I was properly trained. What would the future be like if I did
survive this training and Mick, the Commandant, really took me as his personal
slave? Could it possibly be harder than this? The longer I stayed in this place
the more I found out that they could always find a crueler way to treat a woman.
I had plenty of more questions but right now I had no answers and no chance to
escape restrained like this. Furthermore the door to the different rooms, cells
cages and so on were always locked making it even more difficult. It all just
seemed so hopeless.

   Whack, whack, whack!!!

   I felt a sudden pain on both ass cheeks from three real stinging cuts awaking
me from all these thoughts and questions. They just added to my discomfort and
pain. Again I tried to scream only to realize that I almost gagged awaiting the
dildo in my throat to be dragged out to let me suck in fresh air.

   "How are you doing my worthless piece of meat? Still having fun? How does the
generous amount of sperm taste?" Mistress Olga asked laughing again watching my
struggling in her excitement. She couldn't help rubbing her clit with the left
hand as she was still holding the awful whip causing me additional pain in her
right hand.

   "Oh, I see!!! It's difficult for you to speak. Then I will tell you about the
sperm. It is quite a mixture. It contains some male sperm from the nice hours in
the love block. During these happy hours slave sluts strapped in tight leather
harnesses or in tight fitting rubber suits service the brave men who visit this
place by jerking their dicks off. They trap the sperm in small glasses and pour
it all in a larger bottle. As this isn't enough for a training like this, we
also add pig sperm to it as well. Pigs are quite easy to persuade, meaning you
can cheat them to 'fuck' a mock-up pig continuously giving all the sperm we
need. It really smells horrible and I can imagine the taste isn't much better. I
have no intentions trying it myself. Finally we have added some salt making it
taste better or maybe it is because we want it to cause you discomfort in the
cunt? Who knows?" Mistress Olga told laughing her sick laughter again still
watching me struggling in my restraints to take the mouth and cunt dildos
merciless penetrations.

   "I really think you will make an excellent fuck whore. You might like to know
that you will be raped by women as well wearing one of these huge and surely
painful strap-on fuck dildos. I will now take the data needed for your file and
then I will decide if this will be enough for now or whether you need some more
training. As you really seems to like it I think we will goon for some more
time!" Mistress Olga continued her solo speech.

   She came back with some instruments looked like the instruments she had used
for her initial and painful examination. She took the stethoscope and put the
plugs running from it into her ears and started to listen to my body. Again and
again I heard her say "Excellent, just excellent!"

   "I can calm you down by telling that your data is just like the initial data.
Nothing save for your breathing frequency has changed. Concerning breathing I
think you know why?" she said smiling at me.

   "I will now measure your temperature ramming this relatively harmless
thermometer deeply up in your filthy ass. As it is quite thin, I don't think it
will be a problem. I guess you will only feel some minor cramps as it is a
little longer than a normal thermometer used for this purpose. I really hope
your bowel is relatively empty. I don't like the disgusting smell of the pig
waste coming out of this stinky hole!" she said while taking position behind me.

   With one hand she parted my slightly moving ass cheeks while she aimed the
thermometer towards my ass hole with the other. She then rammed it up inside my
rectum as quickly as she could make me jerk in my restraints. It hurt so much
that I almost forgot to breathe. When I concentrated on doing it again I almost
sounded like a pair of bellow used for keeping the fire alive in a stove.

   "Haa,haa. I really think this helps you to focus your mind on your training.
Remember to focus on what is important no matter what I do to you! Otherwise you
will only make it worse for yourself! This will only remain inside you for a
minute or so. Then I will drag it out as quickly as it went in and write down
the data from it. I really hope it is not that soiled" " Mistress Olga commented
laughing again.

   "OK, Are you ready to have it removed you worthless filthy slut?" Mistress
Olga asked and dragged it out in a sudden move making me jump again causing me
additional troubles with the dildos.

   "Oh, look at it! Pew!! Just covered with your disgusting shit! Can't you just
control your body functions and wait with this stinky production until you are
resting and have the time for relieving your bowel and bladder?" Mistress Olga
said clearly indicating her loathing looking like she had nausea.

   How can she be like this! She really was a good looking woman who all men
would almost die for if they could have her and a lot of females as well. She
just has no limits concerning pain and humiliation of women, I thought. She
dammed knows  well that no one can control their body functions. What goes in
must come out and the transformation into waste just happens whether you want it
or not. She really is a mean bitch! I really would like to see her strapped to
this horrible device while I was testing her like this! I just didn't believe
that I ever would be capable of being as mean and cruel as this. It's just not
like me!" I was thinking.

   "Anyway I can inform you that there are no problems with your temperature
during this test. You are just doing fine. I think we will move on in order to
push you further. I really think you can take it, though I'm not sure you agree
with me concerning this. My last check before I will let you 'rest' in your
present condition is to check the inner walls of your filthy ass hole. I guess
you have seen the nice speculum I have brought with me? The one you have already
tried? Don't worry; It has been cleaned though that has been a waste of time as
your bowel is full of shit again!" Mistress Olga continued.

   "Checking the inner walls of your bowel clearly indicates how your cunt
manages to endure the penetration. Furthermore it indicates the size of a dildo
you can take in this place when you are simultaneously filled out in your cunt.
It's very important to have this data for future training as we can choose the
right size of plug and dildo to make it as good for you as possible without
doing any harm to the sensitive flesh of yours. You see we really care about
safety. The regulations state that we are not allowed to do any permanent damage
to the slaves in training so you don't have to worry at all. We just know
exactly how to push a slut like you beyond her limits without doing any 'harm'
to you" Mistress Olga laughingly said again.

   While telling me this she prepared the awful speculum and greased it well.
She made sure I could see it all. She opened and closed it several times in
front of my face so I could see how huge it was. She checked the locking device
and the springs for making it close again. Though she told me they had cleaned
it I could see it was still soiled with shit. During her test of the speculum
she had fun putting it close to my nose so I could smell the shit.

   "I think it is prepared well and so are you save for greasing your filthy ass
hole as well" Mistress Olga told me while putting on these awful examination
latex rubber gloves which I knew meant pain for me. She the poured a generous
amount of grease in her right hand and approached my exposed ass. I couldn't do
anything to prevent the coming penetration of my tiny hole and I knew it would
be extremely painful especially when I remembered that I had a dildo moving in
and out my cunt.

  "Now remain still and keep the position for letting the dildo continue it's
fucking of your disgusting cunt. Then I will do the inspection. It's a little
difficult to examine you in this position as I have to check you hole in an
uncomfortable position but I think I can manage it. I just hope for your sake
that you are able to avoid soiling me with that stinking shit of yours.
Otherwise I will have to do an initial cleaning of your gut before inspecting
it. That's it; I just got this excellent idea. Why risk being soiled when it is
easy making sure it won't happen at all? Why not plug your filthy ass hole well
with one of these nice inflatable nozzles with the enema tube and bag
attached to it? I actually think you will love being gradually filled while
being fucked by this lovely dildo temporarily adding sperm as well. As you have
been located over a floor drain it will be quite easy removing your filthy waste
when the enema has done it's work. As I think this work is quite disgusting and
boring I think I will let one of our kind nurse students do it. It will be an
excellent training for her or him to do this while you are fucked
simultaneously. Furthermore this means we don't waste any time concerning your
training as you are cleaned out during your training. What do you think about
this excellent idea? " Mistress Olga asked while removing the rubber gloves
again.

  I knew the removing of the gloves didn't mean that she had decided not to put
this awful speculum up in my ass I just had to endure some more pain before it
was done. Now they would fill my gut with enema fluid while I was fucked by this
huge dildo. I didn't have any orgasms anymore. It has changed meaning the dildo
began to hurt my sensitive flesh as well as my still hard and blood filled clit.
A clit can give you pleasure  but when it is tired it begs for the pleasure to
stop. The only way telling my brain this is to start hurting and that is exactly
what was beginning to happen.

  "I think I will leave you in your present condition and call for a student to
do some proper cleaning of your filthy ass hole before I inspect your bowel. I'm
a bit tired. I think a nice rest will do me good and a nice cold drink as well.
Enjoy your fucking and oral training. Isn't it wonderful being fucked by a cock
able to continue without respite?" Mistress Olga asked me.

  I still couldn't answer but if I had been able to I'm sure my answer would
have meant further and even more cruel punishment as I would have used phrases
as "stupid cow" and "cynical bitch" and so on. Though it did cause me problems I
was almost happy that I was gagged by this dildo fucking my mouth.

  Without waiting for an answer as she knew I couldn't answer anyway she just
turned around and left me on this fucking machine. The I heard the door being
closed and locked and I was again left alone in my extreme condition. This time
it didn't take long before the door was unlocked again and into the room stepped
a young woman not more than 25 years old. She brought with her an enema kit. She
was dressed like the other trainers with the only difference being that she wore
a white plastic apron like you normally see butchers wearing for easy cleaning.
She looked like she was about to deal with an animal and not a human being. It
really was humiliating for me having a woman as young as she was watching me in
this degrading condition completely nude and being fucked like this. Though I
was already red in the face due to the merciless dildo fucking my mouth I think
my face turned even redder with embarrassment.

  "How nice you look!!! You really look like a bitch we can train to be an
excellent slave! I'm new this place meaning I almost always get the disgusting
work, which must be done on you cows. I'm a nurse as well meaning you can call
me nurse if you get a chance to speak. Anyway I actually like it though the
smell I have to put up with sometimes is disgusting, but I suppose you must
endure unpleasant sensations in order to have the pleasure and fun to come." The
woman told me.

  I was actually thinking that this might be my chance to be released or to make
it stop for a while as this woman really looked kind but again I realized I was
wrong! Any attempt to make her stop the fucking machine and let me have a rest
seemed useless.

  "The cleaning out of your bowels isn't that bad, though it might be a little
unpleasant for you as you are riding this fucking machine. You will be filled
but not to maximum as we still don't know the maximum amount of enema you can
take. This test will be done later. I have been ordered to give you a triple
enema cleaning with a strong soap solution making sure you are totally empty and
clean before the speculum. It will just be my pleasure to do as I'm ordered. As
your shit will be mixed up with the soap solution and as your filthy ass has
been placed over the drain I don't think it will be that difficult to avoid
soiling myself when you spurt out that disgusting waste of yours"  the nurse
instructed me.

I then knew she just was as mean as everyone else in this place. I really
couldn't believe it was possible to find so many mean and cruel people and
gather them together in one place. But I just had to realize that this was
reality and there was absolutely nothing I could do about it.

Add 22, Janet, The preparation of Janet for the speculum.

 I groaned inwardly as the so called nurse moved towards me. An enema was bad
enough, but the way these sadistic females would administer it would make it
much worse and then considering the other things that were happening to me at
the same time the result would be complete agony.

   Out of the corner of my eye I could see the nurse put a bulging enema bag on
a little shelf above her and let the tube and clamp hang down, swinging slightly
back and forth. The nurse walked in front of me and I saw her pick up a pair of
latex gloves that she snapped on with great precision.  She then picked up a
long paper wrapper and walked behind me again. I heard the nurse open the paper
wrapper and she quickly attached the inflatable nozzle tube to the hose from the
enema bag.

   Brusquely she pried my ass cheeks apart with her other hand and then, in one
quick, forceful action, the nurse rammed her finger into my anus and began to
finger fuck my ass hole.  "Already nice and lubricated I see, no need for more,"
she observed as she continued to finger fuck my asshole. Mmmm! that cunt dildo
is doing a good job, I can feel it, getting a bit sore, I guess dearie, is it?
All in a good cause though and keeping you focused on your important training.
Now just a little more discomfort for you to think about," she giggled as she
smartly withdrew her finger only to replace its presence with a large size
inflatable nozzle tube into my anus.  I started to squirm a bit as much as I
could. "You can squirm and moan all you want, it is still going in bitch!"
replied the nurse.

   The nurse pumped the inflatable nozzle balloon once, again I  wiggled and
moaned as she felt the device expand in my ass. "Like that? Then try this!" said
the nurse as she gave the bulb four more pumps filling my ass like never before. 
Then the nurse smacked me soundly on the ass with her hand and opened the clamp
on the tube letting the water rush into my bowels.

   "Eeeeiiiiiiiiiiiioooooooo," I moaned again as the soapy solution poured into
my backside immediately causing cramps.  "Shut up Janet," said the nurse as she
again slapped my ass. "Just wait, bitch, just wait," said the nurse. I heard a
loud gurgle from the enema bag and the nurse clamped off the inflatable nozzle
before she disconnected the tubing from the bag. "Hold that for a while, bitch,"
snapped the nurse as she walked out the door.

   On my knees as I looked down I could see my swollen belly hanging down If
only I could give it a light massage I thought, to try to reduce the cramps that
raged within my water filled bowels. But all she could do was to kneel in place,
concentrate on her breathing and cope with the pain in her sore cunt and bowels.
At that moment the stinky fluid from the penis gag in my mouth started to flow
again. The flow was so strong I could not keep pace with my swallowing and again
it overflowed into my nostrils and splashed down onto the bench below...Oh god!
I thought in my misery, what next!

   Some time later the door burst open. "Ah having some refreshment are you
Janet, commented the nurse as she went over and picked up another enema bag. I
watched in absolute horror as the nurse filled the enema bag with cold water and
then went to a refrigerator in the corner of the room and pushed several hands
full of ice into the bag.  Then she opened a bottle of vinegar and poured at
least a pint of the smelly liquid into the icy bag.

   I began to sob out loud as I watched the nurse attach a big white douche
nozzle to the tubing on the bag before she set it high on the shelf. As I
prepared myself for the icy contents of the can to be forced up my rectum, I was
amazed to realize that the piston-dildo in my cunt had stopped and was being
retracted...a moment of blessed relief, but it was not going to last for long!
"I can see I don't have to lubricate this cunt," said the nurse as shoved the
douche nozzle deep into my pussy. "This should give you something to think
about" said the nurse as she turned on the flow of solution.

    As the ice-cold solution filled my cunt I screamed with everything I had,
but it turned out to be just a whimper! The nurse would alternately held cunt
lips together as she filled my vagina with ice-cold vinegar solution. I moaned
and shivered as I felt my cunt expand under the pressure of the cold fluid. Then
the nurse would remove her fingers and the solution would flow out of my cunt
dribbling down over my ass.  Again and again the procedure was repeated until
the bag was empty. I was covered with goose bumps and shivering in awful pain as
the astringent fluid irritated the raw walls of my cunt.

   Then without any warning, the nurse also let the air out of the inflatable
nozzle and quickly pulled the device from my dripping ass.  As soon as she did
Instinctively squeezed my butt cheeks together as hard as I could trying to hold
the enema solution inside but it was a losing battle and with a gasp I relaxed
and the filthy stream cascaded out of my bottom and down into the floor drain
below.

   I groaned and cried as I relieved myself.  The ice water douche gave me
horrible cramps, far worse than any I had ever experienced during my period.  My
stomach also cramped as I tried to get rid of the remains of that soapy
solution.

   I felt the nurse replace the dildo in my cunt, but this time with a slightly
larger size and then the relentless thrusting began all over again. But the
enemas were not yet finished, "Don't forget ,dearie, I have been ordered to give
you a triple enema cleaning with a strong soap solution making sure you are
totally empty and clean before the speculum inspection" Even though I could not
see her, I just knew that there was a sardonic smile on her face...she was just
loving this. Then I remembered this cleaning of my bowel was only a 'preparation
for inspection to come. I heard her again place a full bag on the high shelf and
my heart sank as the large size inflatable nozzle tube was pushed into my
stinging asshole and the balloon duly inflated until my cunt was painfully
stretched ...will this purgatory never end?

Add 23, Mick, Mistress Olga complete Janet's first slave training. A new one can
begin!  

"As you have been cleaned out once I have added half a liter to you next enema.
Your gut will be able to take some more as it has been emptied from the major
part of your disgusting shit. Furthermore it has been loosened making it capable
of taking more. This will do some of the preparation for your maximum enema test
as well" the nurse told me.

To be continued....................




Introduction of part 5.

Hi all friends of Janet's Ordeal.

I have told a lot concerning this story in former parts that I won't repeat her
but I still have something to tell before we move on with the treatment of our
sweet still stubborn Janet.

I welcome old as well as new readers. The interest for the story has been great
despite a hard beginning with bad reviews voting it extremely low. The average
vote is now 8 and I really think this is excellent when thinking on that I'm
from Denmark not writing English as my native language. Janet really had been
helpful correcting some of the worst faults. Furthermore I really think all this
writing has improved my English and I don't care at all if you don't
agree....smile. Last month the story was visited by about 15.000 readers. I
would still be happy if it is possible to find one or more readers ready to do
the work needed for correcting all grammar and sentence constructions faults
making it possible to upload a more reader friendly version. As I haven't
received any mails from readers ready to do it yet the conclusion might be that
you all have accepted that this is my style of writing a story.

In this chapter we have tried to add some new aspects in order not to make the
story too predictable and boring for you. We both hope you like this change in
the treatment of the inmates kept this place. Furthermore I think Janet's add
will surprise you all as it really add some new thinking to the story. I'm quite
proud of her add and hope you will all be proud and satisfied as well. I think
she had done an excellent job! I do of course hope you like my adds as well as I
have introduced some new treatment as well not used in the story before.

Concerning the group "Friends of Janet's Ordeal" we still have a lot of pending
members who haven't written a review for the story, which is required for
joining. We still hope you will spend the few minutes needed for doing it as it
means a lot to Janet and I to receive these reviews. It makes it worth
continuing and gives us ideas for improvements and new chapters. The review and
group joining instructions are in some of the former chapters. I think it is in
part 3. The story is now the second most voted story this site and it only need
eight more reviews to be number one. Both Janet and I really think it would be
great if we could make it the most voted as it might give more readers and more
reviews because the story would be the first you noticed when visiting the site
with most voted stories.

I have found some pics for underlining this new chapter. They will be uploaded
soon if not already done.

I still want to tell that if you are a female and you feel really excited while
reading this story and you really would like to be a part of a role-play like
this, then send me a letter telling about your desires and your data (the data
isn't that important as it is allowed to lie about this if you want to. I just
want them in order to learn you better to know and if you won't tell me yet it
is OK. All this makes it possible for you to participate even if you are
disabled as you just can choose the person you would like to be and that you can
identify yourself with). When receiving these data I will think about it and
send you a letter if I think we can combine it in a larger play.  Use the email
address mickni2000@icqmail.com for sending me your letter.
 I promise that I will let you know my decision whatever is the outcome!

I won't bore you with more. I just hope you have read this short introduction.
Now we are ready for what you have been waiting fore; we proudly present Janet's
Ordeal, part 5, 15 pages!

Take care........

Master Mick





Janet's Ordeal, Chapter 5

Add 23, Mick, Mistress Olga completes Janet's first slave training. A new stage
can now begin!

"Now that the inside of you has been cleaned out once I have added half a liter
to your next enema. Your gut will be able to take some more as it has been
emptied of the major part of your disgusting shit. Furthermore it has been
loosened making it capable of taking more. This will do some of the preparation
for your maximum enema test as well" the nurse told me.

While telling me this I saw her adding even more of this 'cleaning fluid' into
the bag. When finished she again rammed to dildo shaped nozzle up into my sore
ass again while the front dildo was still moving in and out of me. She then
inflated it once more in order to make any expelling impossible.

"OK, worthless piece of meat, I think you are ready for the second one! I have
already emptied the tube of air meaning you will have the needed fluid for
cleaning pressed inside you with no air to interfere with the cleaning process,"
she said while opening the valve located on the bag again. I felt the soap
solution start to flow inside me again. It really caused me pain as I was
gradually filled while I was mercilessly fucked by this horrible machine in my
cunt. Even without this enema it was quite painful as my clit and cunt were
extremely sore due to this long time fucking. The pleasure from the fucking had
just changed to pain and the enema only made it worse.

"This is only the second one! She told me I had to be cleaned three times! Will
she add more to the bag after this second enema already causing me the first
cramps and it still contains what looks like one liter!!!" I was thinking while
trying to concentrate on breathing each time the mouth dildo  allowed me to.

Finally the bag was emptied. I really felt like I was filled to the bursting
point. It caused me trouble each time I was penetrated by the dildo making it
feel like I was filled even more. The nurse closed the valve and started to
prepare the bag once more. She kept on watching my reaction to the treatment
while looking extremely excited. Sometimes she just had to rub her clit and
stiff nipples. I had noticed that she wore no bra when she moved her rubber
pinafore, so being able to put her hand under her white coat to touch her stiff
and excited nipples. Though I didn't want to, I couldn't help being a little
excited watching her. I didn't much like the thought of sex with women but I
still couldn't help feeling something when watching her excited and beautifully
shaped body. It just added to my pain as this caused my body to pump more blood
into my sore clit making it even more sensitive. As it had been abused so long
by the dildo it just couldn't take more. It tried to tell me to stop it by
giving me pain instead of pleasure due to the continuous fucking. The problem
was just that I was out of control. I just had to endure it until they decided
to stop this machine. As Mistress Olga has told me that she would examine my ass
hole and gut before deciding if I was finished with this training, I knew it
would last much longer before I was freed from this machine. The cramps from the
enema increased in strength and the urgent need to relieve my bowels just grow
worse and worse. The nurse didn't look like she had any intentions of letting me
do it right now. She just kept on watching my struggling in this terrible
condition.

"OK, my filthy slut, I think you are ready to relieve you scummy bowel once
more!" the young nurse said. It really was humiliating being treated like this
by a woman so young. She actually looked like she was almost young enough to be
my daughter!

"This bitch! She has no right treating me like this! It hardly can be more
degrading being strapped and treated like this while such a young woman is
watching me!" I was thinking not able to complain due to the dildo still fucking
my mouth while occasionally adding this disgusting fluid into my mouth like a
real dick, which came in my mouth. I had always hated this kind of sex. I really
didn't like having male sperm in my mouth and now I had to swallow a mixture of
pig and male sperm!!!

While having these thoughts I felt the rubber dildo in my ass deflate and
suddenly it was dragged out with a 'pop' sound. Immediately I felt the soap
solution escaping my sore gut in a continuous stream. I really did feel good and
the penetration of the dildo in my cunt didn't feel quite so painful anymore. It
just felt like being in heaven that I was allowed to expel this huge amount of
fluid, which had filled my gut completely. The mixture of shit and soap solution
disappeared into the drain below my ass.

"Ahhhhhh, good, it really looked like the third enema will do it! As Mistress
Olga wants to check it herself your final enema will be different. When you have
emptied the final enema I will attach the enema tube to this large glass bottle.
It can take it all, meaning Mistress Olga will be able to check if your gut is
still filthy by checking the content of the bottle. Sometimes we use clean water
for enema and then we collect the waste in a bottle like this one. Then we
kindly offer the delicious fluid as a refreshment for the slave in training.
During the training you sluts sometimes have problems with dehydration due to
the 'kind' training. Then it is just great being able to save water by using as
an enema before you are offered it as drinking water! For your info I have added
some more solution to your last enema. It didn't look like you had any troubles
taking the last amount. Therefore I decided to let you have some more in the
last one. This last enema will remain inside you until Mistress Olga returns and
gives you the final check before she decides if you are through with this
initial fuck training" The nurse told me laughing loudly and sickly.

"An enema sometimes can be an excellent way to teach a slave slut do what we
expect from her. One of the former slaves trained here had serious troubles
doing proper oral service to males and females. Especially the women were a
problem for her as she clearly indicated that she disliked doing it. We found
out that she hated being penetrated in her filthy ass as well as she hated
backdoor fucking. Then Mistress Olga one day decided to let her try one of these
extended enema treatments. We filled her to the limit and plugged her well,
making expelling impossible. Then we chained her hands to the neck collar and
placed her in a cell. She was told that she would not be allowed to expel for at
least an hour and that she would only be allowed if she promised to improve her
oral performance considerably. She was told that the oral performance would be
tested before and after she was allowed to empty her bowel. If Mistress Olga
wasn't satisfied with the oral service before expelling, she would be locked
into the cell for at least one additional hour still filled with the fluid
inside her disgusting gut. I had the good fortune to be chosen as one of the
four women she was expected to service orally in accordance to their needs and
requests. Furthermore Mistress Olga had chosen three men to receive a nice blow
job. The slut agreed after being filled one and half a hours. She really had
learned something. I don't remember ever having experienced oral service like
she performed between my legs. If there is a heaven I really think I was pretty
close to it on earth while she was doing this to me. Furthermore I can tell that
the oral service given by her after the expelling wasn't different. Mistress
Olga told her that this was a lesson not to forget and that if she failed again
she might decide to let her try it once more. We didn't have any more trouble
with this slut during the last part of her training" the nurse told me with a
broad, excited smile at her face.

"OK, enough talking, back to work!" she said

She rammed the plug up in my ass once again and inflated it. Then she opened the
valve and the fluid started to invade my insides once more.

"As you are supposed to have this last enema inside you until Mistress Olga
returns I don't have to be here watching you take it. I have other duties to do.
I think I will leave you and let you have all the fun on your own.  If you don't
like being filled entirely with this excellent solution you can just expel it up
into the enema bag again! You only have to be able to produce the pressure
needed to do it!" she told me laughing loudly again while she looked like she
had an orgasm. She vigorously rubbed her clit and nipples and had a look of
total satisfaction at her face.

Then she turned around and left me in this painful condition. Once again I was
alone suffering all this pain. This time it was even worse as I now really felt
like my gut was filled to the bursting point. I had no doubt that this last
enema contained more soap solution than the previous one. My continuous cramping
just added more to my discomfort and pain and it felt like my cunt wasn't large
enough for the dildo penetrating me anymore. Each time the dildo penetrated me
the urgent need to expel the soap solution grew worse. My ass hole felt sore
being extended to the limit by this inflatable enema plug and my stomach
complained due to the injection of this disgusting 'sperm' if you could call it
so. For every stroke with the dildo I was sweating heavily and I had extreme
problems sucking in enough air. Furthermore almost all muscles were extremely
tired and sore being strapped in the same position for so long and the never
ending cramps didn't make it any better. I really felt like I was on the very
edge of collapse but there was absolutely nothing I could do about it. I just
had to take the dildos and the sperm occasionally injected, while suffering the
incredible cramps in my muscles until Mistress Olga returned and examined me
once again. I really hoped she would decide to release me after this! I just
couldn't take it anymore. The problem was that I could see no way out of this.
They didn't care if I told them my secrets anymore. All that mattered to them
was to train me to be a good slave and nothing more, a good slave! I really
hated saying this word about myself. I didn't want to be a pain slave at all. I
had never had these fantasies and now I was just forced to endure this horrible
slave treatment. Right now I just had to accept that I wouldn't be released from
this horrible block until they decided I was through with this so called initial
slave training.

In the staff recreation room Mistress Ilsa arrived. She had some suggestions
concerning the future training of Janet.

"Hi Olga, I have some news concerning the training of slut Janet!" she said

"OK, let me hear. I don't hope it is seriously as I have a strict schedule for
her. I would be sorry if your change interferes with it. I haven't got much time
for making her ready as the Commandant want her as quickly as possible! Have a
sit and let me hear about your plans" Mistress Olga answered.

"Thanks, but first I want to hear about the progress of her training" Mistress
Ilsa answered.

Add 24, Janet, Doctor Hans is disappointed with one of the nurses. 

 Doctor Hans was furious. As Doctor in charge of the Medical Block he was
responsible for training the young apprentice nurses in their duties and Jani
Ziller was his most recently acquired responsibility. She had been nervous in
her training and scared to death of making a mistake and then during her last
shift it had happened. The nurses this place had different background for being
in this camp. Some of them were criminals who were temporary released from the
prison in order to service the staff this place. Others had failed in their
normal duty and therefore they had been transferred to this place as mistakes
normally only meant more pain for the victims treated under the hands of the
cruel doctors. The fact was that they actually sometimes didn't mind at all that
they made these mistakes as it only meant more pain to the poor inmates. They
did of course not tell the nurse who had made the fault this as she had to learn
to be a good and skilful nurse. Finally some of the nurses were of course
ordinary nurses who had made no mistakes but just loved to participate in the
cruel experiments and the severe treatment of the female prisoners kept in the
different blocks. Jani Ziller's mistake was that she had showed a disappointing
degree of weakness during the heat chamber and hot water tub experiment. While
being responsible for keeping the temperature at the required level she had
showed the sluts mercy and reduced the temperature during the tests meaning
doctor Hans had to do the last tests all over again. He was extremely angry as
these experiments meant a lot to him. Any interfering was in his opinion a
serious crime to the German people.

   In his immediate anger he had her strip naked and banished her to clean the
staff toilets and bathroom until it was immaculate. Jani was aghast at this
order, but pouting with embarrassment did as she was told, but hesitantly and
with bad grace.

   "Go and do what you are told immediately," shouted Doctor Hans, "I shall
punish you personally tomorrow and the extent of your punishment will depend on
my inspection of your work, now go! I think I have an idea of the punishment
that will be just perfect for you. I'm sure you will regret you ever did help
these resistance sluts who just deserve this treatment. They just have to be
grateful that we never cause them permanent damage though they sometimes have
severe troubles to recover again. In the future it will be much easier for you
to carry out the commands as you will be angry at them because they were the
reason for the pain you will suffer tomorrow. Take this punishment as a help for
you to realize that it is important that we all help each other to punish these
sluts and give them what they deserve!"

   Jani, now naked and red faced in front of the other nurses trotted off, her
full, rounded breasts bouncing as she moved, while Doctor Hans could not help
noticing the appealing roll of her naked buttocks as she left.

   When Jani woke up the next morning after a very restless night, she dreaded
what was to come. She well knew that Dr. Hans would carry out his promise and
she really feared the outcome, knowing how other females suffered at his hands!

   Later she was sent for, to report to his office naked. She just cringed at
the thought of walking through the corridors to his office naked. The
embarrassment of being seen by others, especially other inmates, was just too
much to bear. She didn't escape scoot free, of course, but it could have been
worse. The sneers and comments of nurses more senior to her were humiliating and
she was red faced when she knocked on Dr. Hans' office door. Some of the
perverted nurses just laughed at her as they all knew why she was 'dressed' like
this. Some of the comments were "You deserve this. Whose side are you on?" and
"Are you looking forward to the punishment to come? I'm sure you will learn a
lot". Furthermore some of the inmates laughed at her condition as well as they
always loved to see the cruel nurses in a condition similarly to their
condition. They didn't all know that she actually was like this because she
tried to help some of them.

   "I am going to check on Mistress Ilsa's new weight loss program she is going
to use on that Trainee Slut Janet, you will remember her and you will accompany
me. I have arranged for you to be punished over there"

   "But, Dr Hans, Sir, I'm naked....she began clearly indicating how degrading
it was standing like this in front of him. "Of course, didn't I order you to be
naked? Do I take that as a refusal, certainly a tardy response?"

   "Oh no, Sir, NO, I didn't mean it that way I will join you immediately, Sir."

   Jani already knew enough not to argue, or show any signs of lack of
cooperation, she just hoped she had not made a mistake that she would regret.

   The journey across the compound was had hart constantly on edge and blushing
furiously. Not only was she jittering with the cold, but the occasional stops to
greet others, both male and female staff was a humiliating nightmare. They all
looked at her with a great deal of interest. She tried to cover those 'special'
parts and stood hunched and with knees bent slightly until ordered to attention
by Dr Hans whose anger was growing steadily.

   Finally they enter the adjoining block with all the slaves in training and
Jani breathed just a little easier. She was soon to quail under the expert
appraisal of Mistress Ilsa who appreciatively fondled her large breasts. She had
always hated to be touched her secret places by other females and Mistress Ilsa
wasn't gentle at all when doing it. She actually did it worse as it would be
done to the udder of a cow. Though it was so painful and humiliating she didn't
dare to complain.

   "A little wake up call for the careless apprentice nurse, eh Doctor," smiled
Mistress Ilsa, "I have made the necessary arrangements and invited a chosen
audience to enjoy her pain and embarrassment. Perhaps you would enjoy some
pleasure from her mouth while we discuss my new program and view the results so
far."

   "Thank you my dear Ilsa that would be excellent," replied the Doctor as he
sank into a comfortable easy chair, "you girl, remove your dentures, place them
on the table and on you knees." The poor nurse was not more than in the late
thirties but she had to wear dentures due to an accident. She always tried to
hide this secret but now they all would know about it. Doctor Hans knew about
this. During his first conversation with this nurse she had asked him if he
would be kind not telling this to any others. Now he used his knowledge as an
additional part to add to her humiliation and degradation, which combined with
the real punishment to come would teach her a lesson.

   Both the Mistress' looked approvingly at the good Doctor. "Excellent, Doctor,
no use taking needless risks and certainly such a move will enhance your
pleasure, I'm sure."

   With a sob of utter embarrassment, Jani moved to obey, she had not expected
this development! Kneeling between his spread legs, she opened his trousers and
removed his hardening cock as they commenced to discuss the weight loss program.
Recent result sheets were passed, read and commented on as Jani dutifully
tongued his huge cock rigid. "Do a good job, girl and I will overlook your
hesitancy in obeying just this once," announced the Doctor, while Mistress Ilsa
looked on approvingly!

"You see that slut Janet's weight loss isn't within schedule. She has to work
harder. I will surely loose our bet with the Commandant if she continuous with
this disappointing degree of progress in loosing wieght. Mistress Olga does what
is possible for her but she has to think about the slave training as well
meaning she can't spend all day on making her loose weight.  We can't blame her
for that as she is supposed to have her ready within schedule. I think we will
have to make some arrangements to encourage her to work harder and I have an
idea for some improvements that will be just perfect for her. I have planned to
put her in an excellent suit especially made for a person who need to loose
weight! My plan does include some proper slave training as well, which will be
done to her during the extended weight loss." Mistress Ilsa said to doctor Hans.

"Good, I'm looking forward to hear about it. I don't think the Commandant mind
loosing this bet as he defiantly don't want a slave as fat as she is!" doctor
Hans answered clearly indicating that something was going on between his legs.
The expression on the good Doctor's face clearly demonstrated the pleasure he
was experiencing as Jani's hard gums closed around his equally hard penis and
she commenced to move her mouth up and down his lengthy cock until she felt the
first tell tale pulse of his impending emission,

   "Don't lose a drop, you slut," enjoined Mistress Ilsa, as she read the signs
of the Doctor's imminent expulsion and politely turned to discuss other matters
with Mistress Olga as he groaned with pleasure and filled Jani's mouth with a
huge jet of his warm, sticky semen. Jani did well to cope with swallowing his
large discharge and actually received a rewarding pat on her bowed head from the
good doctor's hand

   Mistress Ilsa then dispatched two junior trainee guards to make sure that all
was prepared in the Punishment Room.

   A few minutes later, business concluded and Doctor Hans recovered from his
pleasures, Mistress Ilsa recalled the Security Guards to take charge of Jani and
escort her to the Punishment Room

   One end of the room was dominated by the presence of a low wooden podium,
raised nine inches or so from the surrounding floor and more than broad enough
to accommodate the waist-high timber trestle which stood at the rear of the
platform.

   A long wooden bench had been placed in front of the podium for the Senior
Staff, along with a number of witnesses. Doctor Hans, Mistress Ilsa and Mistress
Olga took their seats, with other members of the Medical Staff who could be
spared standing behind them. As Jani was led in, flanked by two uniformed female
security guards, an expectant hush immediately fell over the small gathering.
Jani was brought forward and made to stand facing Dr. Hans. Three trusted
inmates stood naked to one side awaiting any nod for their services Mistress
Ilsa had already given the nod to her favorite Asian inmate, who had pleasured
so effectively last night and she had moved forward to kneel before her
Mistress. The fact that the inmates were trusted meant some privileges for them
such as being less restrained and so on but they all knew that any mistake still
meant severe punishment and therefore they always did their very best.

   "A spiked ball gag, slut strap with fittings and nipple clips," ordered Dr.
Hans, "maybe that together with her whipping with focus this bitch's mind on her
job in future."

   Jani sagged in the Guards grip and began to sob in a piteous fashion. "Please
Sir, have mercy, I'm sorry and I will do better in future."

   "Enough of the pleading, they all do that, don't they Mistress Ilsa, and of
course you will improve, I'll see to that," exclaimed Dr, Hans.

   "What a performance before having her pretty bare ass whipped, get on with it
Guards we have heard enough speech, now let us hear her screams and moans as she
learns her lesson."

   One of the Guards picked up a medium sized spiked ball and raised it to
Jani's mouth. She squirmed and refused to open and was rewarded with a touch on
her clit from the other Guard's hand, which wasn't gentle at all. As she opened
her mouth to scream the spiked ball slipped inside, to be quickly tied securely
behind her head. The belt for the slut strap was secured tightly around her
waist and the strap was duly clipped to the front. It consisted of a broad under
strap with tiny spikes located on the surface, which would be in touch with the
sensitive skin between her legs. The two dildos for her cunt and ass were spiked
as well all done to add to her discomfort during the punishment to come. The two
intruders were liberally smeared with a white cream and inserted in her vagina
and anus, the latter ribbed and smeared for easier entry brought tears to her
eyes and muffled groans to her parted lips. 

   Jani was guided to mount the podium, her wrists and ankles were fastened so
that she was presented in an 'on-all-fours' position with her hips and bottom
thrust up prominently to receive her punishment, with her legs widely spread. A
coarse woolen blanket had been draped about the top of the cruel perch to afford
the prisoner some small protection from the rough-hewn beams and the crude
apparatus had been bolted tightly down into position, so that when the offender
bucks and struggles as the agonizing pain of the punishment builds, it would
remain fast and firm. The slut strap wider over her cunt, tapered to a fine,
rolled strip of leather between her buttocks. It was attached to a device below
her and tightened. Any movement of her hips would press the spike further into
her sensitive skin and cause the spiked dildos to move in her cunt and ass. The
chains from her nipple clips were then attached to hooks in the base and drawn
tight to keep movement to a minimum. (see pics of an inmate strapped to a
whipping bench in the group "Friends of Janet's Ordeal" in the folder for part
5)

   A number of canes, birches, whips, floggers and heavy leather straps, some
steeping in a water filled steel bucket, others were hanging ominously in their
prescribed place. Selecting the sleekest and the mostly supple of these canes,
the senior Guard stood awaiting the order to commence.

   Jani's plump, rotund buttocks had flattened out firm and hard with the
stricture of the horsing and her delicate skin had been drawn almost drum-tight
by the unnatural angle of her body. The downy cleft had, in consequence, opened
wide, allowing her wiry pubic hair to peep out around the restraining slut
strap. She slowly weaved her presented ass around as she came to terms with the
irritation of the cream stinging the sensitive inner flesh of her vagina and
anus. It became quite clear to her that the strap had been smeared with this
stinging solution as well before being mounted on her.

   Jani suddenly gave vent a terrified sob and a look of sheer panic crossed her
face. Whimpering with fright, she made a futile effort to free herself from the
awful contraption to which she had been bound. As if to make her misery
complete, her knees had begun to quake violently and were trying to give way
beneath her. But Jani was strapped firmly in place, unable to rise, and unable
to flee the coming pain.

   The waiting Guard watched the woman's voluptuous, involuntary contortions
with a sneer of disgust and swished the birch menacingly from side to side,
testing its weight and balance. The instrument was nearly thirty inches in
length, with a fine four-inch spray at the business end, and was bound at its
handle with black cloth tape. It had been completely stripped of leaves then
soaked overnight to prevent the canes splitting under the protracted strain of
the whipping. The tight bundle of slender, tapering rods appeared so incredibly
supple as to leave no doubt as to the pain that was soon to be inflicted. But
Dr, Hans intervened......

   "Not the birch today, first of all a thirty stroke warm up with the heavy
leather strap, I think then I will inspect before the application of the
cane...proceed."

   The waiting Guard made the adjustment and the decided to remove her jacket in
order to be able to swing freely. Her pointed, hard nipples pressing against her
cotton bra clearly showing her sexual excitement. It really was an honor to be
selected as the whipping Guard and carry out this punishment and she hardly
could wait to begin. Her juices had already made her panties wet and smeared.

   Dr Hans was fondling his huge boner through his trousers, while the two
Mistress, with their legs spread widely, were already enjoying the pleasures of
the tongues of their chosen slaves.

   The Guard suddenly let loose with ten rapid punishing strokes of the heavy
strap across Jani's pulsing buttocks. Then the tense, twitching of her ass
suddenly relaxed and she bucked and writhed as if to shake off the awful sting.
She tossed her head furiously from side to side and her long hair thrashed
wildly about her face, getting in her mouth and eyes. "Ohhh Ahhhh!...Unnnhhh!!"
she moaned, groping for breath. Without further pause, the big, sturdy woman
delivered ten more punishing strokes, which now had the entire expanse of her
naked ass a fiery red.

   The last volley of ten lashes had Jani bucking and humping to the extent of
her restraints, attempting to cope with not only the agony of her beating, but
also the pain in her breasts as the unrelenting clamps stretched her poor
sensitive nipples with every slight movement of her pain wracked body.

   "Well done, Guard, now she is really feeling it, eh Doctor?," congratulated
Mistress Ilsa, but the Doctor was in his own world of sexual pleasure as he
promptly filled his slaves mouth with his sudden expulsion. The slave
frantically swallowing the Doctor's emission, knowing the penalty for spilling
even a drop, quickly responded to the Doctors instruction to clean him up. Dr
Hans, adjusting his trousers, struggled to his feet and moved across to inspect
the scarlet, squirming buttocks of his newly apprenticed nurse.

   Running his finger tips over the squirming, inflamed flesh, he nodded his
approval and ordered a further ten strokes of the cane. All those assembled
could hear Jani's desperate gasp and pitiful moan as the instruction sank in,
but there was nothing she could do in her restrained and helpless state but
attempt to prepare herself for the painful onslaught she would soon experience.

   "Rightly so, now is the time to really teach a lesson she will not soon
forget," smirked Mistress Ilsa to Olga sitting next to her. The two women were
now very relaxed, with legs widely spread, enjoying the skilled tongues of their
respective slaves, who were very anxious to please.

   The Guard took the time needed for exposing Jani's ass completely for the
crowd in order to humiliate her totally. She almost gently caressed her ass with
both hands and then she parted her ass cheeks as far as possible exposing her
private parts and the slut strap for the crowd. She dragged in the slut strap
causing her additional pain as the spiked, greased dildos moved inside her
sensitive private holes. The she slapped both checks hardly with the bare hands
and went for a new mean of punishment. The guard really was a good looking woman
and she knew it. She was dressed in a tight fitting leather suit, which fitted
on her like a glove totally exposing her athletic well shaped body. Furthermore
she made sure that any movement of her body was a sexy and exciting for the
crowd as possible. She selected the cane, which was ordered as the next
'pleasure toy'. The crowd applauded her efforts clearly impressed and excited
impatient awaiting the unavoidable punishment of Jani to come. They all were
extremely excited knowing that Jani could do absolutely nothing to make it stop,
some of them looking at her head still blushing furiously clearly indicating how
humiliated she was being exposed like this to them.

   The Guard now stood with her selected cane tapping Jani's agonized ass.
Complete silence reigned; it seemed as though Jani was holding her breath and
then the first cut descended. This time the pace was much slower allowing the
distraught girl ample time to savoir the vicious pain of each stroke. It was a
most severe and unforgiving procedure. Great tremors seemed to wrack her entire
frame as each stroke fell time and again she gave a strangled, mewling, but
muffled cry as she desperately tried to cope with the agonizing pain.

   "Give her the last two at the top of her thighs, that should convince her to
be more careful and take more care," shouted the Doctor Hans.

   Jani tossed her head back, sobbing hoarsely, but also unintentionally
stretching her clamped nipples causing even greater pain.. Her eyes were wild
and her face was contorted with pain.

   "Nnnnnnnnnngggggggggggggg ... !!!!!" was all that escaped from her gagged
mouth as huge tears cascaded down her florid cheeks in long  rivulets, mixing
with the drool from her widely stretched mouth and snot from her nose, gathering
on the point of her chin and spattering on the bare boards below.

   With a dramatic, ostentatious show of ceremony, the Guard then swung the cane
around in a wide arc and brought it thrumming down with all the force she could
muster. There followed another great moaning howl of pain as the stroke lashed
accurately across the so painful spot where the buttocks meets the top of the
thighs. It was just too much for Jani and her bladder gave way. Owing to the
pressure of the vaginal plug her urine seemed to spray out, uncontrollably
splashing her legs as it flowed. The final stroke connected with exactly the
same spot and again Jani's hips jerked forward violently as another huge spasm
of pain coursed through her body and in her desperate struggle let out a
tremendous yelp of pain, before her pain wracked body slumped in complete agony
and exhaustion.
  
   "Well done," called out Mistress Ilsa in congratulation to the Guard, who
beamed with the satisfaction of a job well done, "That's the way to punish
deserving apprentice staff."

   Those members of staff standing behind weren't so sure. It had been a serious
lesson for all and as Jani was twitching under the antiseptic wipes that were
being applied to the swelling weal across her punished rear end, the others
filed silently from the Punishment Room to return to their duties, determined to
redouble their efforts lest a similar fate should befall them.

Add 25, Mick, Ilsa inspects the training of Janet

 Ilsa sank down with a sigh in the comfortable easy chair in the staff
recreation room.

"OK Olga, how is she doing. The Commandant has some great expectations
concerning having her as his personal slave. You know what it means if we make
him disappointed?" Ilsa said.

"I know, I know that well but he must accept that training her will take some
time as she still is a stubborn slut. It's really difficult to make her give up
and accept her present condition"

"I might have some ideas! I have made this bet with the Commandant that I can
make her lose eight kilos within 3 weeks. I asked him if he would allow me to
try out my ideas after you had completed her slave training and declared her
ready but he refused. He insisted on having her delivered as soon as you are
through with her. This means we have to cooperate and work together" Ilsa said.

"How is this going to work? I have made a strict schedule for her. If your work
interferes with mine I might not have her ready in time!" Mistress Olga
answered.

"I really think it is possible to combine it. I assume you remember she had
troubles accepting being isolated in the solitary confinement boxes. She
sometimes became frantic just hammering on the hard surface of the boxes. The
Commandant will never accept a slave making all this noise. Furthermore it was a
stupid act as it can't be a surprise to her that it was useless doing it. She
must have realized that we only scale down the treatment if there is a risk of
permanent damage. She had only been in the boxes for three days when she started
this disappointing behavior. We all know that no slaves ever have suffered any
kind of mental damage after only three days in the boxes. We shall have to
further train her to accept isolation and combine this training with the weight
control program I have planned for her" Ilsa said to Mistress Olga smiling in
excitement.

"It really sounds interesting. You are right that she will need some further
solitary confinement training. Tell me what you have in mind!" Mistress Olga
asked really excited to hear Ilsa's suggestion. If she could help her with this
part of the job it would just be great.

"Try to read this schedule I have made" Ilsa said handing some papers to
Mistress Olga who started reading it.

"Oooohhh, very good, and this too.... Excellent...." Mistress Olga said while
reading. When she had finished reading it she looked at Ilsa clearly impressed.

"I really was afraid that your bet with the Commandant would interfere with my
strict schedule but I certainly was wrong about this! What are we waiting for?
Let's do it. I just think it's an excellent combination of your weight control
and my training. I'm sure it will do her good!!! I really think it will teach
her a lesson. Maybe she will even start to accept her present condition and
really show some encouraging progress that will make me believe it is possible
to get her ready in time! As she is quite exhausted after the treatment with the
fucking machine I think this plan is great" Mistress Olga said

"I'm truly happy that you like the idea! I too was afraid that you would be
angry that I did make plans for her though I know there would be nothing you
could do about it as I'm the second commander concerning the treatment of the
sluts kept this place. Let's finish the coffee and get started." Ilsa said

When finished the two women went to Janet's cell. They took position outside
enjoying her struggling. I saw them peering in and felt terrible. The merciless
never ending fucking of my mouth and cunt added only pain and unpleasant
feelings to me. My gut just felt like it would explode any minute not being able
to get rid of this huge amount of fluid trapped inside me. My ass hole hurt
abominably being plugged by this huge inflatable plug with the transparent tube
connected. I actually was happy to see Mistress Olga enter as I hoped it meant
some release from this torture though I knew that any release from one torture
would mean that a new one could begin. What scared me was her company! I hadn't
seen Ilsa since the interrogation not saying that I had missed her at all. I
cringed at the thought of this evil woman close to me as it would mean more pain
and humiliation.

"Hi my worthless piece of meat! How are you doing? Are you having fun? I bet you
have missed me and therefore I decided to visit you again! Aren't you happy to
see me?" Ilsa asked me with a broad smile at her face.

"Sorry sweetie... you can't answer but I bet you are happy. I have news for you.
This initial training will be completed within a few minutes as we have changed
the plans for you. I can imagine that you are looking forward to be released
from this excellent device offering you fuck training" Ilsa continued.

"NURSE! Come here and let this slut expel. I have decided to postpone the
speculum inspection. I have the data from my initial examination and I don't
think they will be that different when she is filled with the dildo in her
cunt!" Mistress Olga shouted out.

The nurse returned to my side and opened the valve connected to the tube just
below the plug and my ass hole. Oh, it just felt so good being able to get rid
of this fluid. I almost didn't care that these women were watching me empty my
bowel into the glass bottle though it still was degrading and humiliating.

"She certainly looks like she is properly cleaned inside! I actually didn't
believe it would ever be possible to clean a filthy, disgusting and smelly slut
like her that well! It almost looks like drinking water. Maybe we should offer
her a drink?" Ilsa said smiling again.

"It might be an idea but I think we better prepare her for her next step of her
training without losing time. I don't think we have time for this now! We can
just store it and save it for later if we need it" Mistress Olga answered.

"OK, you better call for one more nurse. I don't think this nurse will be able
to do it herself or have you planned to help her?" Ilsa asked

"Why do we not both do it? I really think it will be exciting to prepare her
though it means some hard work" Mistress Olga answered.

"An excellent idea! It will be a pleasure for me helping you doing it" Ilsa
said.

After releasing me from the fuck machine they started to prepare me for the next
part of my training. It was a great release to get rid of these dildos but I
knew it just was the beginning of a new ordeal. I didn't know what they had
planned for me but I was sure that it wouldn't be long before I did.

Loosing eight kilos would usually take months but Ilsa had got this idea that
totally sealing the body in thick rubber was just the way to fine down a fat
body. Janet was scheduled to be dressed in a thick rubber suit with the cell
heated to 32 degrees in order to make it work faster. Prior to dressing her both
hands were fitted with tight fitting rigid rubber gloves making it impossible
for her to destroy the suit from the inside. Then a tight fitting rubber hood
had been placed over her head, having only holes for her nose and a hole for
fitting the feeding device. Additionally, the rubber covering her eyes had been
fitted with small holes, which could be closed or opened if they wanted to see
the look in her eyes. Ilsa was afraid that total darkness would harm the eyes
therefore they sometimes opened them allowing the victim trapped inside to see
some light.

After fitting the hood, they put me in the tight fitting rubber suit. First they
greased my body all over in order to make it possible to slip it on. Otherwise
it would have been impossible. I almost panicked. It was like being isolated
from the world outside. Putting me into the suit was a hard job as it was
extremely tight fitting. It really felt like a second layer of skin. Therefore
two handles had been glued to the suit in order to make it easier to put the me
into it. My body slowly slid into the suit. The air escaping from the suit
filled the room with the characteristic smell of rubber and sweat from the body.
Prior to the dressing a lot of sensors connected to wires had been glued to my
body. They were all connected to a large plug, which could be connected to a
plug placed in the ceiling of the tiny cell used for this treatment. From the
connector every signal would be transmitted to the different instruments in the
control room making it possible to monitor me all the time and to write down the
data on my file. After putting me in the rubber suit some additional equipment
was added. The suit was open between my breasts and cunt.

Mistress Olga then produced two hoses, a thick and a thin one. A quick
connection plug was located at the end of each tube. She then took a heavy
leather harness and a pair of thick rubber briefs. Inside the briefs a rigid
thick rubber tube was located at the rear of the briefs and a flexible tube at
the front, which was like a catheter. Mistress Olga greased the inside of the
briefs and drew them up towards my ass and pussy and stopped just before they
were about to go up where they belonged. She guided the thin rubber tube up in
my urethra. She then connected a rubber ball to a small tube connected to it and
inflated a balloon inside her urethra making it remain where it was until she
deflated it. Then she greased my asshole and started to draw the briefs into
place while she guided the tube up in my ass. I moaned in pain because the tube
was so thick.

"Relax your asshole, you dirty slut" Mistress Olga ordered "If you don't it will
hurt even more. This tube will go up in your ass no matter what you try to do.
Therefore relax in order to make it less painful" she instructed me. I tried to
relax the best that I could but it wasn't easy when your brain tells you that
you must do everything possible to keep this awful intruder out of your private
hole. It was a hard job for Mistress Olga to fit the briefs on me but finally
they were into place fitting my body like a glove.

"There we are. Wasn't that bad wasn't it?" she asked me.

"It's hurting and this tight suit is awful and uncomfortable to wear. Please let
me out of it. It really gives me claustrophobia. Please don't leave me like
this!" I begged knowing that it was difficult to understand what I was saying
due to the hood.

"Don't worry; I won't leave you like this because I'm not finished yet. I still
have some nice equipment to fit on you before we are through with you!" Mistress
Olga answered me smiling at me while rubbing her own pussy and clit a little.
This work really turned her on.

"You still need to be fitted with the feeding device. We want you to lose weight
but you still have to get something to eat. Otherwise you will collapse! Ilsa I
think this is a job for you!" Mistress Olga said to Ilsa

I was already sweating copiously inside the suit and I had only worn it suit 20
minutes. My asshole was hurting like hell too. I was not used to having my
asshole stretched like this. I wondered for how long I was supposed to be
dressed like this. I was really afraid that they had planned to let me be like
this for a long time.

"Open wide" Ilsa cried out stopping my thoughts about the future.

Whilst I had been occupied with my thoughts Ilsa had produced a rubber feeding
mask. I didn't dare to refuse and opened my mouth widely. Immediately the
feeding tube was pressed inside my mouth almost choking me. Ilsa Olga quickly
buckled the thick rubber straps around my head making it impossible for me to
spit it out.

"Now we are almost finished. All we need is to connect the tube. But before
doing this I will put you in this heavy leather harness. The main purpose of
this is to help you losing weight. Just wait and see you will be grateful.
Within a few days we will be able to measure the progress. I don't think you
have noticed that your rubber hood has a tube running from your neck to the top
of the hood. The neckpiece of the hood is made as a reservoir for your sweat and
what else comes from your body during the test. The harness and the leg chains
will be connected to an electric hoist. So we will turn you upside down and let
you hang like this for a while in order to drain the sweat and waste from you.
We collect it and put it on a scale in order to measure how much it is.  The
winches are connected to a scale measures how much weight you have lost. You
will get enough food to survive but not much more. We want you to lose weight as
quickly as possible. I can't tell you how long we will keep you like this. It
will depend on your progress and of course your behavior too." Ilsa said to me.

"I will now put a collar around your neck. The neck collar is connected to
chains coming up from two holes in the floor. The holes are one meter from each
other. When you are turned upside down winches under the floor will draw them
tight in order to keep you in a steady position during the draining procedure.
During your ordeal they are used to keep you in different positions in order to
give you further training. Sometimes you will be free to move and sometimes you
will be fixed in different positions. Sometimes you will be ordered to exercise
if we find that it doesn't work as quickly as expected or just for our
amusement. Do you have any questions so far?" Mistress Olga asked her. She
laughed loudly when she had finished her speech. She just loved to see me like
this.

"Sorry, how stupid of me. I just forgot that you have been gagged. You can't
answer me" Mistress Olga continued laughing even more loudly.

Mistress Olga began to put the harness on me. She knew from the instructions
Ilsa had given her that she had to do it with care. If it slipped from the body
of the slave in training while the winches were working there was a danger that
the slave would slam her head against the concrete floor and hurt herself.
Therefore she tightened the straps as much as she could. The under strap had
holes for the tubes. It made sure that the tubes never by accident would fall
out during the weight loss program. Simultaneously it helped keeping the harness
firmly in place. When finished with the harness Mistress Olga took a pair of
heavy leather feet restraints and put them on my ankles.

"Now we are almost finished. All we need is to connect the wires and the tubes
and then we will leave you in this nice cell to have some rest. I can imagine
that you are already tired and need some sleep! I don't think you will get cold
during your sleep. If you are cold I will see it on the measure devices and then
I will adjust the heating system to increase the temperature inside the cell.
The equipment controls everything telling me what to do. Your waste will be
taken through the tubes. Don't worry, they won't block. I can imagine that you
are afraid that the rear tube will block up with shit. Your food contains laxity
meaning you won't defecate normally during this test so constipation is out of
the question. Aren't you happy that we have been thinking about this too?"
Mistress Olga asked me in an almost friendly tone.

They guided me out of the preparation cell towards the isolated cell with
temperature control and the measure equipment located outside the cell. I
couldn't see anything. I just had to move in accordance to what they told me to
do. When inside the cell they started to attach some chains to my harness, hood
and neck collar. The chains were attached to some winches located below the
floor and the ceiling of the cell. They could be operated from a panel located
outside the cell adjacent to the measuring equipment.  When they had finished
attaching the plug, chains and tubes they left the cell. Before leaving the cell
Ilsa had some final words for me.

"You are located inside a temperature controlled cell. I have the theory that it
is possible to make a woman lose weight pretty fast if she is dressed in a suit
like yours and the temperature in the cell is kept on at least 32 degrees. I'm
excited to find out if I'm right! I won't tell you more as I'm sure you will
soon find out how it works yourself! We will now leave you and start the program
scheduled for you. Please enjoy your stay!" Ilsa said laughing again

Then they left me and I had since then been put into a cycle consisting of being
turned upside down for draining sweat and then being turned around again leaving
me sweating streams inside this hot cell with the limited movement my restraints
and chains allowed me to do. I just tried to remain as calm as possible as
moving around only made my perspiring worse. They added water and food through
the feeding mask from time to time. I almost drowned each time they added water
as they added a generous amount each time. In a useless attempt to make it
bearable for me I tried to think, just to keep my mind focused on something else
but again I began thinking about what Mistress Olga had done to me and all these
useless questions.

Sometimes I was allowed to relax during the time I wasn't turned upside down but
most of the time Mistress Olga ordered me to do different kind of exercises.
During one cycle she ordered me to run on the spot raising my legs as highly as
I could each time. It really is exhausting and difficult to exercise being
dressed in such a tight fitting rubber suit. Furthermore it was difficult
sucking in enough air as I only had the two small holes located under my nose
for this purpose. Within a few minutes I was totally exhausted and sweating like
hell. The sweat just ran down my body at the inside of the suit. During another
cycle she ordered me to run in circles within the limitations of my restraints.
She had adjusted the length of the chains with the winches so I didn't hit the
walls during this exercise. It really is unpleasant to be forced to run in
circles when you are not able to see anything but I didn't dare to refuse as I
thought the consequences for refusing would be much worse than the ordeal I had
to endure while doing this exercise. During this exercise I really felt like I
was about to collapse. I had the feeling that the suit was filled with sweat to
a level beyond my awful rubber panties.

"Why did she ask me all these questions when she knew I couldn't answer" I was
thinking. I soon distracted from these thoughts by the noise from the winches
starting to drag in my harness and chains so turning me upside down.

"Mmmmmmmmmhh ommmhmmm" I cried out while the under strap again was buried deeply
in my pussy and the ass tube was pressed further up in my ass. I was lifted free
of the ground before the winch for my leg restraints began to work and lifted my
feet up near to the ceiling. Then the winches for my collar started to work. The
collar was attached to the harness too. Thereby it prevented the collar to draw
too tight on my neck. The disadvantage for me was that the tension from the
winches was transferred to my under strap forcing the ass tube further inside me
and the leather strap was cutting into my cunt.

Outside the cell Ilsa switched on the loud speaker and enjoyed my useless
struggling and screams. After hanging upside down for a while a valve at the top
of my hood was electrically opened and my sweat and what else was inside the
suit started to drain into a bucket placed under me by a hydraulic arm after the
winches had stopped. Ilsa could feel how her juices began to flow between her
legs while watching the "show". She decided to come inside the cell to have a
closer look and to talk to me. First she was thinking that she could remove the
gag for a while to make it possible to have a nice conversation with her but
then she decided that my ability to nod or shake my head was enough for her. She
took the master key from her pocket. The key was secured with a length of chain
to her belt. It was important to be careful with the master keys. She could
easily imagine what would happen if one of the inmates got hold of one. Only a
few of the prison staff had a master key making it possible to open every door
in the area for the inmates and almost every door in the living area for the
guards and staff. The only doors she couldn't open were the doors of the
quarters for the guards and staff. For this purpose you needed to open a box.
They all respected privacy as long as it was guards and staff. It neither did of
course nor applies to the inmates. 

Ilsa put the key in the keyhole of the cell door and opened it. Locking the door
afterwards wasn't necessary but they always did it. They liked to keep the
inmates under double security sometimes even triple security in order to make
them realize that escape was something that might happen in other prisons but
not in this prison!

"Mistress Olga, I opened the door to Janet's cell in order to inspect her
condition on the spot!" Ilsa said to Mistress Olga who was writing data on my
file. She had just operated the winches turning me upside down for draining my
sweat and measuring it.

"No problem, be my guest. I will temporarily stop the program in order to keep
her in her present position. I guess you like to keep her in her present
position? I will leave you alone with her. Give me a call when you have
finished" Mistress Olga said to Ilsa.

"Have you time for this. I have heard that you are busy interrogating a French
resistance slut named Colette?" Mistress Olga asked

"I thought she needed some time for thinking. I have left her in a perfect
position for thinking carefully about it all! She has been left squatting on
pole penetrating her ass. Furthermore she has been equipped with a lot of these
nice clamps, which increase the pressure if you drag in them. They have been
located on her clit, her nipples, the lips of her mouth and her ears. I have
connected them to a feeder system meaning if she raise or lower her body they
will add additionally pain to her. Even keeping her body in steady position
causes her pain due to the clamps. She can try to keep position using her arms,
which has been chained above her head but you know; after some time she will get
tired and then the fun begins. I have told her that if I'm satisfied with what
she tells me she will be put in a bed cage for the night otherwise she will be
put in on of these tiny squatting training cages with the spiked floor causing
extreme pain if she tries to sit down on her filthy ass." Ilsa answered

"How is she doing? Showing some heartening signs of corporation?" Mistress Olga
asked

"Not at all! She continues telling she knows nothing about it. All she has
confessed is that she is friend with one of the resistance fighters. Telling the
truth; I actually think she knows nothing. Though she is quite stubborn she
really has troubles right now. I think she would have told me if she knew more
about it. She is almost sobbing all the time and she really look like a slut who
would do anything to make it stop. I do of course not show any kind of mercy to
her. The fact that she knows one of these resistance jerks causing our brave
soldiers so much troubles is enough to me! As she probably will spend the night
in the tiny squatting cage I will be kind to her and leave her without any
restraints. This means she can hold in the ceiling bars making it easier to
maintain position. But it will only be temporary! Within an hour she will be
tired in the arms as well meaning it will probably be even more difficult for
her to keep her filthy ass free of the spikes. As she is tired I think she will
find it difficult keeping awake meaning she will fell down on the spikes, which
will awake her in the sweet dreams and encourage her to sit in squatting
position again and then it starts all over again. In the morning I think she
will be just ready for the treatment of the day!!" Ilsa answered laughing loudly
and continues

"She actually is an extremely good looking French slut. If I persuade the
Commandant that we have to keep her I think she will be just perfect for this
block. I could easily imagine her performing sexual service during one of these
exciting parties we sometimes make. Just to think about her head buried between
my legs make me wet! It really would be a waste to transfer her to the filthy
slut block and let her work in the fields for the rest of her time this place.
Doctor Hans would of course like to do some experiments on her but right now he
has enough 'flesh' for this purpose" Ilsa said

"It certainly sounds promising! Make sure I will have her in my stable for some
nice slave training! She really sounds like a slut who just deserves this 'kind'
treatment"  Mistress Olga said to Ilsa

"I'll do what I can to make it reality. I actually think that the Commandant
will agree with me in this decision. As he has slut Janet in store as a future
slave I will suggest that I'll take her when she is through with the training. I
would love to keep this slut in some of the nice cages located in my quarter and
take her out during the nights for some exciting treatment" Ilsa answered.

"OK, enough talking! I'll tell you when my inspection of slut Janet is
completed, please give me the last data you have written" Ilsa asked Mistress
Olga.

"Everything is normal except her temperature, as usual when they are put in a
hot room in a rubber suit. Her breathing is a little over average but nothing to
worry about" Mistress Olga answered Ilsa.

"Thank you. I'll enter her cell. See you later" Ilsa said.	

Before entering the cell Ilsa undressed. She knew how hot the weight control
cells were and therefore it was nice to enter naked. The thermometer told her
that the temperature was 32 degree. Additionally she was very turned on and
taking her clothes off made it easier to have some pleasure. Maybe she could
find a way to make Janet satisfy her and make her body relax again with a great
orgasm. Ilsa really loved her own athletic body and she could spend hours
posturing naked in front of the full figure mirror while admiring her well
shaped breasts and her perfect, well trimmed pussy. It really turned her on.
When doing so she sometimes ordered one of her favorite inmates to come to her
apartment, dressed in a tight fitting leather harness. She always started with
tightening the harness more. The inmates didn't always tighten it, as she wanted
it to be done. Especially the under strap was always too slack. She wanted the
strap to split the cunt lips nicely and to cut up between her legs. When all
this was done she then ordered them to kneel and lick her between her legs while
she admired her well-shaped body in the mirror.  She opened the door and stepped
inside.

"Hi Janet, how are you? Having a good time" she asked me with a smile knowing
that I couldn't see her. I turned my head from side to side in an attempt to
find out where Ilsa was standing.

"Mmmmmmmm hhhhhhuuuuuurttttt" I tried to say through my gag

"You like it. I'm happy to hear that. I'm so proud of this invention. You know
the rules: A fat inmate will not be chosen as personal slave. I can hear that
you are grateful that we take care of this so early in your training period. The
guards and the staff don't like fat women. They are useless for sexual services
unless you like having sexual pleasure with fat women and none of us do. A fat
inmate can only be used for ordinary work." Ilsa told her.

She stepped close to me as I was hanging upside down and caressed my tight
fitting rubber suit.

"Oh, how hot you are. Must be almost unbearable inside the suit, isn't it?" Ilsa
asked

I desperately nodded my head while trying to say yes through my gag.  Ilsa
started to rub her pussy against the smooth rubber surface of the suit.

"I wish you didn't wear the gag. Then I would have used you for some oral
pleasure. I guess I have to find someone else for this purpose. But don't worry;
you will get plenty of time to show me what you can do with your tongue" Ilsa
told me while feeling her warm pussy. It was just so enjoyable to rub her clit
against this smooth, thick and hot rubber.

I just felt even sicker inside the suit. How could a woman be like this? I was
thinking that Ilsa was the most evil woman I had ever met. I remembered a female
boss I once had. She always shouted at her employees when she wasn't satisfied
with their work. She got angry at the most meaningless of minor faults. At that
time I thought that she was the most evil woman she had ever met but she was an
angel compared to Ilsa. She just had no limit of her cruelty. While rubbing her
pussy and sometimes her whole body against the rubber Ilsa took a good grab at
the tube coming out of my ass. She started to turn it from side to side and
press it further up into my sore ass sending waves of pain through my rectum.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuchhhhh, oooooooooppp" I screamed through my gag. The only
reaction was the feeling of a hand moving the tube faster back and forth, in and
out.

"Oooooooopppppp iiitthh hhhurttts" I managed to say through the gag.

"It is meant to hurt. All slaves in training are placed here to suffer pain for
the amusement of the slave trainers and nurses and other staff if they visit the
area. It's a part of your "education. Haaaaa, haaaa" Ilsa laughed "Ahhhhhhhhhh
ouuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhh" Ilsa's body began to shiver in a huge orgasm. Her
shivering caused her to move the tube so fast and hard which caused me to move
from side to side despite the tightness of all chains.
Then she stopped and knelt down on the floor totally exhausted but very
satisfied with a large huge relaxing smile at her face. The pain in my rectum
continued for a while sending more waves of pain through my body but even though
decreasing in strength it still hurt a lot. It would take long before the
soreness in my ass would completely disappear. My trouble was that my arms and
hands were strapped against the sides of my body, inside the suit to a belt
around my waist. This combined with the extremely tight fitting suit made it
impossible for me to use my hands to ease the pain in my ass so I just had to
put up with it and wait until the pain eased. Additionally I was feeling like my
head was about to explode. I was normally not kept upside down for that long
during the draining procedure. I concluded that Ilsa prior to the visit had them
stop the scheduled program in order to make sure that it would not disturb her
while inspecting my condition.

"Was it as good for you as it was for me?" Ilsa asked me

I didn't try to answer. I knew it was useless and that Ilsa maybe just would
feel encouraged to add more pain. This woman was just a sick, sadistic maniac
and I could do nothing about it.

"Won't answer? I think I will leave you again, now that I know that you are all
right and that my invention is doing an excellent job on you" Ilsa said before
she touched my rubber suit once more and then stepped outside the cell locking
the cell door again.

She called for Mistress Olga again.  "I'm finished. You can start the program
again. I will stop my inspections for today and come back tomorrow. Have a nice
time until then" Ilsa said.

"I'll do so. Sleep well. Hope you enjoyed it" Mistress Olga replied

Ilsa watched Janet's release from her upside down position. She just fell
exhausted on the floor.

"I think she needs a little rest after you visit! I can inform you that her
progress is excellent but your visit has caused a lot of peaks on the measuring
equipment. Pulse, breathing, temperature all over the limit" Mistress Olga said
while checking the instruments for measuring her condition.

"I guess you are right. Before I go to sleep I have to visit slut Collette and
find out if she has something to tell me and then she will be stored for the
night depending on what she has to tell me. "

Ilsa decided to have a bath when she had stored Collette for the night and then
go to bed. Thinking about the pain she presently was suffering did again make
her wet between the legs. She concluded that it was time for some pleasure
again. It had been a long day and she had plenty of time to inspect the other
tests later meaning there was no need to rush. She decided to chain an inmate
with a ring gag between her legs during the night. She just had to have some
oral pleasure before sleeping and she just knew whom, she would choose. She had
decided to take her favourite inmate, an oriental woman with brown eyes and long
black hair with a newly shaven cunt. She really did well during the punishment
of this stupid nurse. She would be the one chosen for a nice sleep between her
legs.

Add 26, Janet, Will it ever end?

For your info I can tell that I have already written a part of the next chapter.

Remember to think about writing the review for the story and apply for joining
the group. Read the instructions in one of the former parts. If any of you have
already written a review and applied for joining but still pending then please
send a mail to mickni2000@icqmail.com with the following data (as we have
received 54 reviews but only 36 members in the group there might be some pending
who has already written a review. The problem is that the review name is
sometimes different from the email name meaning I can't find out if you have
written a review). Therefore send me a mail with the following data and I will
add you to the file with member data and approve you for the group:

Review name:
Email name:
Email address:




Introduction to part 6

I won't bore you with much save for remind all of you that if you like to join
the group http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Friends_of_Janets_Ordeal/ you have to
write a review for the story as stated in some of the former parts, which
include the join instructions as well. We still have a lot of pending members in
the group (about 180), which must be considered as a lot compared to 45 members.
It really could be a great group if all these pending members did write the
review for joining. It is costless and it only takes a few minutes doing it.

I think Janet and I have done a good job writing this part 6. I especially love
Janet's part as I really think she has made a master piece. I was very excited
and aroused when reading it. I hope you all agree with me in this. I do of
course hope you will love my parts of it as well.

I think this will do it and I hope we will receive some review for this part as
well as for the rest of the story.

And now to what you have all been waiting for; Janet and I proudly present
Janet's Ordeal, part 6!

Take care

Master Mick

Janet's Ordeal, Part 6

Add 26.....Janet, thoughts during the weight reduction program 

   I was completely exhausted from all that weight loss procedure. I just felt
like a pawn in Mistress Ilsa's little game. All she wanted to do was to boost
her own reputation at the expense of others and I was the most opportune
individual to help her to do just that. I realized that I was completely in her
control and could do absolutely nothing to help myself and had to just suffer
whatever diabolical idea that surfaced in her perverted mind.

   The thought of losing a bit of weight was not abhorrent to my female way of
thinking, but under these conditions and at the mercy of the ambitions and cruel
ideas of Mistress Ilsa and her co-conspirator Mistress Olga, I was the one who
had to bear the brunt of all the associated suffering, discomfort and pain, just
to please her and enhance her authority, position and reputation.

   Mistress Olga was beginning to take on a new aspect of consideration in my
semi addled, thought  filled brain. I had plenty of time to think as I hung in
awful isolated, misery and discomfort. But even while the sweat trickled down my
encased naked body, I mentally struggled to cope with the continuing privations.
The pain which swelled and ebbed momentarily gave me an altogether far too brief
respite to allow me to re-gather my thoughts and reconfirm my determination to
see this ghastly period in my training through. Yet some curious thought about
Mistress Olga kept surfacing and later recurring  in my fetid imagination.

   I remembered that there were times when Mistress Ilsa was rather critical of
Mistress Olga's efforts. Once she even slightly raised her voice in petulant
annoyance when told that my weight loss goals had not quite been reached. On
another occasion Mistress Olga's response was patient but clearly somewhat
ruffled at being so questioned and gently chided. I was begining to get the
strong feeling that she had ideas of her own which she believed would be even
more fruitful than those put forward by her superior. Eventually I was beginning
to wonder where all this would lead.

   The laughter that both women enjoyed at my expense from time to time was
beginning to sound somewhat hollow and a little insincere, especially on the
part of Mistress Olga, but surely in the discomfort of my situation, surely my
imagination was beginning to play tricks on me. So I just knew that worse
privations were ahead of me and all I could do was to accept gratefully any
slight respite that came my way.

Add 27, Mick, Mistress Ilsa inspects the progress with Janet's weight control
program.

Mistress Ilsa decided to visit the cell area holding Janet again. She had made a
bet concerning the weight control program Janet was subjected to and she
certainly didn't want to lose this bet.

"Hi Mistress Olga, how is Janet doing?" Mistress Ilsa asked Mistress Olga with a
great deal of interest.

"Not good enough" Mistress Olga answered "She has only lost four kilos during
the first two weeks. If I'm right your bet claims eight kilos during three
weeks. That means four kilos within one week. It won't be possible if she
continues like she has done until now. Additionally she has signs of mental
distress due to the isolation. I'm afraid that we have to allow her to see all
the time. The total darkness really affects her mind and I don't think she can
take it much longer. This might interfere with my training meaning that I'm not
sure she will be ready in time!"

"What do you say?" Mistress Ilsa shouted "Why haven't you told me about these
problems?"

"I did, but I guess you have forgotten about it. I asked you for new orders but
I haven't received anything yet!" Mistress Olga assured Mistress Ilsa sounding a
bit disappointed and scared that Mistress Ilsa shouted at her. She knew Mistress
Ilsa was the second one in charge meaning she would be able to remove her from
this job, which she loved so much, within a few minutes. Mistress Olga knew that
her job was attractive to many of the crew meaning it would be no problem
finding someone to take over. If this was done she would be transferred to a
less preferable place, for instance the kitchen area or the intake. Though they
still held resistance sluts in these places it wouldn't be the same, as all the
punishment of these sluts was controlled from the top meaning she could not
carry on making new equipment and test new means of training procedures.

"Ok, sorry for shouting. I just don't want to lose. This will mean loss of
respect and I certainly don't want this to happen. We must do something about
it. Wait a minute I have to think!" Mistress Ilsa said in a more polite tone.

Mistress Olga was extremely relieved to notice this change of thinking. She felt
that the danger of losing her position was over.

Mistress Ilsa closed her eyes while thinking and her lips were moving like she
was talking with herself.

"Ok, now I got it! We will rearrange her condition. There is not enough time for
creating new equipment but we have something in store, which has already been
tested though it was not in a weight control situation. Do you remember this
thick, tight fitting transparent rubber suit with sleeves for the arms? It was
quite an ordeal for resistance slut Coral during the her preparation   for
interrogation. I really think she didn't like it. She's the same size as Janet
though perhaps a little smaller but I think we can put her in it if we do it
together, do you agree?" she asked Mistress Olga

"I do, but it's a rubber suit like she is wearing. The only difference is the
arms. Why do you think it will work better?" Mistress Olga asked.

"Due to the fact that it has sleeves makes it easier for her to exercise harder.
The problem concerning the present treatment is that we can't punish her during
her ordeal meaning she can slow down and there is nothing we can do about it
except increasing the temperature inside the cell. I have some plans! We replace
the hollow rubber dildo with the hollow wired steel dildo. It will make it
easier to punish her with current if she doesn't work as hard as we want her to.
Additionally I want wires glued to each nipple and two wires glued to each side
of the nipple of her breasts making it possible to add current to the breast
individually. It's too dangerous for the heart if we add the current to one
nipple and let it flow to the other nipple. It has previously caused me some
problems during the interrogation of one of the sluts. I was really afraid that
I had lost her but I succeeded calling her back to her "vacation"! It really was
important as she knew a lot, as I found out when using the breast press combined
with nipple wired clamps adding current simultaneously. Her breasts squeezed to
the limit made them so sensitive to the current and she just 'sang' like a bird
desperately begging me to make it stop"   Mistress Ilsa said laughing.

"Back to slut Janet again! We equip her cell with the training bike, which can
be connected to the control panel outside her cell. Then you can add current to
her breasts and filthy cunt if she doesn't work hard enough. The bike is already
fitted with automatic shackles and feet connectors making it possible to
automatically strap her to the bike. It has a coil mounted, which can be
operated from your panel. It's these magnetic lock devices I assume you know
about. Additionally it has this connector for a dildo, which can be locked to
the saddle. This means that when she places her filthy ass on the saddle the
coiled dildo locked to the saddle will make her remain in position until you
operate the switch on the panel to release her. We only need to place the
locking device on the saddle for trapping the dildo when she is seated keeping
her in position. The transparent hood makes it possible for her to look at the
panel of the bike so watching if she is doing all right. On the panel you can
gradually increase the load of the bike and thereby make her lose more weight.
Additionally we will gradually increase the temperature in the cell starting
with forty-five degrees. I think all this will make it possible for us to make
her work harder during the exercise as we can punish her during the ordeal. What
do you think?" Mistress Ilsa asked Mistress Olga.

"I think you have done it again, I'm so impressed and proud that I'm working
with you. I'm quite sure it will work and additionally I think it will be quite
exciting for both of us because we can see how she is, due to the transparent
rubber. I'm quite sure she will sweat like it is raining inside the suit!"
Mistress Olga answered smiling in excitement.

"All right, there is no time to lose. Tell the boss of the equipment workshop
equipment to prepare the Bike in accordance to my plan as quickly as possible.
I want you to stop the program and get the suit. Then I will start to undress
Janet. Maybe we should make a little joke with her. If you leave the equipment
outside the cell we can undress her and tell her that it is over. Then when
finished and she really thinks she will be taken to a new and more comfortable
location we will tell her that we only meant that it was over for about ten
minute and now the real test is about to start. What she has endured until now
is just to warm her up and prepare her for the real test.
What do you think?" Mistress Ilsa said laughing.

"I really like the idea, she will almost go mad! First believing that it is over
and then realising that it will be worse! It's a brilliant idea! It certainly
will add to her fear of this place and make her realize she better do well if
she wants a more comfortable life in future" Mistress Olga said laughing too.

"Good, no more time for talking. I'll go and undress her as much as I can
without help. Hurry up with the suit and come and help me" Mistress Ilsa said
while preparing to enter Janet's cell. She waited outside the cell for a while
watching Janet as she undressed to her underwear as she knew it was extremely
hot inside the cell. Then she put her master key in the heavy cell door and
opened it. "Hi Janet, how are you?" Mistress Ilsa asked

I jumped my as I had not noticed that anyone had entered the cell.
"Nooooot goood!" I mumbled through my gag.

"Well, I have some good news. This ordeal is over. I will now undress you.
Mistress Olga will join in a while and help me to do it as fast as possible. I
can imagine that you are looking forward to get out of this suit or have you got
used to it?" Mistress Ilsa said in a polite manner almost like she really cared
for Janet. What Janet couldn't see was the evil smile at herface. Just thinking
about what would happen when Janet realised that it wasn't over at all made the
juices flow between Mistress Ilsa's legs."I will now free you from the winches
and take of the harness. Then Mistress Olga will come and help me with getting
you out of this nice, sexy, tight fitting suit." Mistress Ilsa said smiling at
me despite the fact that she knew I couldn't see her face due to the rubber hood
blinding my sight totallyas noone had opened the eye covers.

"Oh thank goodness it over!" I thought. I had the feeling that it would never
stop and I wasn't sure I would ever survive this test. Had I known what they had
in store for me I would not have had this feeling, but soon I realised that it
all was an evil joke and that in a few minutes I would be in much more severe
trouble than before. But it really felt good as long as it lasted though deep in
my heart I knew that it was only the beginning of a new ordeal for me.

"Stand still while I remove the collar and feet chains. Don't even think about
moving or you will remain in this condition for some more time!" Mistress Ilsa
said while removing the feet chains and the collar and thencontinued "I will now
remove the harness. I can imagine that you are looking forward to getting rid of
it and especially the tube in your ass" Mistress Ilsa kept on talking to me in
order to make me look forward to being free of all this. The more I was looking
forward to being free the more she would be desperate when they told me about
their new plans. Within a few minutes the harness was gone and Mistress Ilsa
draw out the tube fast without any warning.

"Auhhhhhhhhhhh" I screamed due to the inevitable pains following its removal.
Anyway, it felt good when it was done. Very slowly my ass hole began to regain
normal size again. Right now it was just a large open hole, extremely sore after
being plugged with this awful tube for so long. Then Mistress Ilsa removed the
feeding tube by unbuckling the straps holding it in place.

"Just remain silent. You are permitted to move your jaws in order to make them
work again" Mistress Ilsa instructed her.

The cell door was opened and Mistress Olga entered.
"Hi Mistress Olga, you've come just in time to help me with the undressing. I
see you have been wise enough to take off your clothes too. It's pretty hot
inside here. I guess Janet has realized how hot it is as well!" Mistress Ilsa
said smiling to Mistress Olga.
"First we remove the hood. Then you take the back handle and I take the front
and then let us take it off" Mistress Ilsa said to Mistress Olga.

Taking off the hood revealed a sweat-covered face blinking in the bright light.
It was like the hair was glued to the face. Then it was time for the suit. It
was a very hard job to get me out of this tight fitting suit. The grease was
gone and the only moisture for making undressing easier was my sweat. After a
great deal of hard work they managed to get me out of the awful suit. Mistress
Olga and Mistress Ilsa just loved it because they knew it would never be them
who would be the person to be dressed in it. Mistress Ilsa had tried it once.
Within only five minutes she had claustrophobia and she was sweating copiously.
Sometimes she tried the equipment for a moment just to experience how awful it
was wearing it. This dress certainly wasn't a suitable dress to wear for any
period of time. I had been wearing it for fourteen days. My skin was deep red
due to the heat and the sweat covering my body all the time during my ordeal and
it was like it almost steamed due to the extreme heat my body had been subjected
to.
It took about ten minutes to totally undress me. Both Mistress Ilsa and Mistress
Olga were covered with sweat due to the heat and the hard work.

"How does it feel, Janet? Must be like being in heaven after all this time in
our nice suit or do you want to be dressed inside it again? Mistress Ilsa asked
Janet in a gentle tone smiling to her.

"Nooo, I don't think I would ever be able to endure this again." I answered
afraid they would decide to put me in it again.

"Don't worry; you are finished with this suit!" Mistress Ilsa said smiling at me
again. Mistress Ilsa waited for a few minutes without saying a word. Both
Mistress Ilsa and Mistress Olga just watched me in silence. I  really felt
relieved while I gradually felt the pain in my jaws and ass decreasing. They
could see how I loved feeling the air directly on the bare skin of my body
despite it still was thirty degrees in the cell. Compared to the temperature I
had endured inside the suit this was quite comfortable. I was really beginning
to feel much better after fourteen days of suffering in my rubber enclosure
though it still was embarrassing having these evil women watching me nude like
this. After about five minutes Mistress Ilsa just couldn't wait any longer to
tell me about their new plans. She looked at Mistress Olga with a large smile.

"Mistress Olga, will you please get the grease box so we can grease her body
again?" Mistress Ilsa said to Mistress Olga looking at me to see my reaction.

"Why grease? Why grease my body? I don't need to be greased when I'm not
supposed to be put in this awful suit again!" I said scared like hell. I really
had the feeling that something terrible was about to happen to me again.

"Well Janet, I both lied and told you the truth. The truth is that you are
finished with this suit. But we have found a new one for you. You have not
worked hard enough meaning you have to lose four more kilos before you are
finished. It took you two weeks to lose four kilos and you have only one more
week to lose the last four kilos. You have been too lazy with the exercise and
therefore we have to help you. We have an exercise bike specially made for you.
When you are strapped to this bike you will exercise, as we want you to do. If
you don't work hard enough Mistress Olga will be able to let's say encourage you
to work harder by means of some nice equipment located on you. Aren't you happy
that we do so much to help you with your weight problem?" Mistress Ilsa asked me
with a big laugh. Mistress Olga laughed loudly too.

I just felt sick when thinking about one more week in a similar suit. It was
unbearable to think about it. Would I be able to survive this..and exercise
harder? During this terrible ordeal I was on the very limit of collapse several
times. I really think that the knowledge that it probably would get worse if I
failed, kept me continuing.

"Don't worry; Mistress Olga will take care that no permanent damage will be done
to your body. You will be surprised when you find out how much the human body
can take!" Mistress Ilsa said with a calm voice.

"Noooooo, please no, I beg you, I can't take it anymore. One more week in this
condition will kill me!!" I screamed.

"Nonsense, don't you hear what I say? Mistress Olga will take care of this. Now
stand still while we grease your body in order to make the suit slide onto your
body. Think about the fact that you will be able to use your arms.  It must be
nice after fourteen days of not being able to. By the way, I forgot to tell that
we have to increase the temperature in the cell in order to make you lose weight
faster. We will start with forty-five and gradually increase it until we reach
the limit of what you can take. So don't worry, you won't be cold!" Mistress
Ilsa told Janet laughing.Mistress Olga and Mistress Ilsa started to grease her
body again.

"She's ready, get the suit!" Mistress Ilsa ordered Mistress Olga.

I was gleaming with the grease covering my body. While greasing me they had some
fun filling my cunt and ass with a generous amount of the stinky grease as well.
Mistress Olga fetched the hood and the suit.

"Now be silent and stand still and do as you are told while we help you in this
new, nice and warm suit" Mistress Ilsa said smiling again. She could feel how
the juices started to flow again. Mistress Ilsa concluded that there was no time
for having pleasure using me as a sex toy.
"I will have to be satisfied with the pleasure combined with dressing her again.
Maybe I will have to get one of the other inmates to service me like last
night?" Mistress Ilsa said to Mistress Olga

"Sure, I bet you will be as excited as you are now" Mistress Olga answered
laughing again.

"First the suit, and then the hood" Mistress Ilsa instructed Mistress Olga.

"Now put your legs in the suit!" Mistress Ilsa ordered me.

I knew it was useless to refuse as I knew well that they had ways to make me
obey their orders and therefore it would only make things worse if I resisted
doing it. I could feel that this suit was even thicker than the previous one
though. It was made of flexible smooth latex making it fit to my body like a
glove.

"Now we are ready for the hard part of this work! When it slides onto your body
make sure your arms slide into the sleeves!" Mistress Ilsa instructed me while
she and Mistress Olga, with a great deal of difficulty, managed to make my body
slide into this tight suit. Mistress Ilsa was right when claiming that it was a
little smaller. When fitted onto my body it looked like it was a second layer of
skin and my skin was clearly visible through the transparent latex. It was just
so tight that even breathing was difficult.

"Perfect, it is amazing; it is just a perfect fit, it is just like it has been
made especially for you! Now stand still while I put on the hood!" Mistress Ilsa
told me.

The hood was like the previous one though it was transparent and thicker. It had
a hole for fitting the feeding device and then it had two holes where the
nosepiece was located for breathing purpose.

"Oh, I see you remembered to glue the electrically operated magnetic valve onto
the top of the hood. You just know what to do" Mistress Ilsa said to Mistress
Olga.

"Of course I do, it isn't the first time I'm doing this kind of work!" Mistress
Olga said smiling to Mistress Ilsa.

Again I had this claustrophobic feeling due to the heat inside the suit and the
tight latex squeezing all parts of my body.

"Aren't you happy? It's just a perfect fit. I wish you could see your ass! This
suit fits you like a glove!" Mistress Ilsa said with an evil smile.

"Now we are almost finished save for the harness and the headgear and the
restraints!" Mistress Ilsa said

The headgear, the harness and the restraints were the same as I had been wearing
for two weeks. Within a few minutes I was fitted into a rubber suit once again
strapped into a harness and with this awful feeding-device in my mouth.
Additionally a pair of rigid rubber gloves was fitted on my hands.

"These to make sure you don't try to remove any part of the equipment. Now we
only needed to fit the tubes for your filthy, smelly and ugly ass and cunt."
Mistress Ilsa instructed me

I had noticed that they had fitted more wires and electrodes on my body than
during my last ordeal. I was not sure if I wanted hear the purpose of these
additional things. Anyway, I was sure I would find out. Once again my only two
openings to the outside world were the two small holes under my nose. It was
like being in total isolation although the outside world was almost clearly
visible through the transparent rubber of my hood.

"You see this dildo shaped, hollow device? It's slightly different from the
previous one located in your ass. Can you see this coil and the wires?" Mistress
Ilsa asked me "It's one of the additional devices for making you exercise well.
If you decrease the speed during your exercise time, electric current will be
added to your ass as well as your nipples in order to make you work harder.
Isn't it exciting? Don't worry; we will test it before we leave you in order to
make sure it is working!" Mistress Ilsa said laughing.

The cell door opened again. Into the cell came a man wheeling a bike in front of
him.

"How fast you are, have you already finished the modification?" Mistress Ilsa
asked.

"No problem, only minor changes had to be done. The automatic ass-plug-locking
device had already been installed. It only needs the connection wires for
controlling it from the outside of the cell. The hand cuffs have an electrically
operated magnetic operated lock as well. The tightening devices for the feet
straps were also installed, as you know. The plug for connecting the system had
an additional wire added for connecting the sensors for monitoring her health
condition. Therefore it was pretty easy to modify it and you told me it was
urgent because you were about to loose a bet!" the man responded in German.

I understood it all that was said as I had been taught this language.

"You see Janet; we can work fast when we have to. Everything is done for you in
order to help you with your weight problem. I can hardly imagine how grateful
you must be!" Mistress Ilsa said. They were all laughing except me.

"Now lets attach the wires and chains and then we are ready to continue"
Mistress Ilsa said, very excited to see how it would work.

Once again I was chained inside this cell. The chains from my feet and hands ran
through eye hooks mounted on the pedals and the handles on the bike making it
possible to guide my feet and hands to the right position for the restraints to
keep them in place during the ride on the bike. They were operated by some
winches as well. The saddle was specially constructed for locking the ass plug
firmly into place keeping my ass on the saddle during the ride. It had a spring
operated locking device, which could be opened by an electro magnetic device
mounted on the bike.

I was standing beside the bike awaiting it all to begin though most of all I
wanted to be in a nice bed sleeping like a child. I was just so exhausted and I
hardly could imagine how I would manage to go through one more week exercising
like this. The door to the cell was still open making the heat decrease but I
already was sweating inside the awful suit. I knew it would be worse when the
door was locked again and they increased the temperature.

"Now lets test the aid for making her work harder" Mistress Ilsa said while she
pressed a button on the panel outside the cell. I started frantically to scream
in my feeding-gag. Current was added to my ass and nipples and it gradually
increased in strength causing my ass muscles to cramp and terrible pains to
assault nipples.

"Aaaaooooooooooo stooooooooppp iiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttt" I screamed collapsing on
the floor. Mistress Ilsa switched of the current again and cried out loudly ato
me

"ON YOUR FEET AGAIN!!!!! This is just the beginning of your ordeal. Now you must
pay for your lack of corporation!!!

"See how it is working!" Mistress Ilsa said addressing Mistress Olga very
pleased with their work. "She is ready to begin the new test. I'm quite sure it
will work." Mistress Ilsa said and continued addressing me

"Filthy slut Janet, I will now give you some instructions. Every 6 hours you
will ride the bike for two hours. Mistress Olga or the nurse in charge of your
training will tell you how much work we want you to do. On the panel of the bike
you can see a lamp and a voltmeter.  When the voltmeter is on the red spot the
lamp is on and you are doing well. Keeping the voltmeter over the red spot is
just even better, but if you go below the lamp will switch off and you will be
sorry, as this will mean punishment!! Mistress Olga or the nurse in charge, will
continue to add current to your body until you are doing well again!! You will
have a warning before they do it and then you will have 5 seconds to increase
speed. If you don't succeed they will punish you for your laziness until they
are satisfied with your performance again. The other part of the test is like
before. The winches will turn you upside sown and drain your sweat in order to
measure the weight on the scale and the scale connected to the ceiling winch
will measure your total weight. Food and water will be added as before. Have you
any questions so far?" Mistress Ilsa asked smiling again.

I just remained silent as it was useless complaining and as it was almost
impossible speaking with this awful feeding mask almost gagging me.

"Good, then we are ready to begin! Let us leave her cell and begin" Mistress
Ilsa said without waiting for an answer. "Mistress Olga, will you prepare her
for the first ride on this excellent training bike? Remember to adjust the
temperature to forty-five degrees!"

"Oh no!!! I was thinking. They will increase the temperature inside the cell
making it even worse to exercise!" I was thinking.

"Sure, I can hardly wait to do it. Do you want to stay for a while and see if it
is working?" she asked Mistress Ilsa

"Certainly, I can't let a chance like this escape me!" Mistress Ilsa said.

"Take your seat on the bike and make yourself comfortable, you have thirty
seconds. Otherwise I will let the winches do the work" I heard Mistress Olga say
in the loudspeaker mounted at the wall.

I moved to the bike and placed my ass on the saddle. Immediately the spring
operated claw located in the middle locked around the ass plug trapping me on
the saddle. The cuffs and straps on the pedals and the handgrips quickly trapped
my hands and feet to the respective devices. The winches in the ceiling
tightened a little adding tension to my harness to make sure I remained in
position.

"Start riding! You are scheduled to ride the bike for two hours" I heard
Mistress Olga say.

I started to turn the pedals. I had already begun to sweat a lot and the hard
work on the bike didn't make it better. I could feel the temperature inside the
cell increase. I just felt like a river of sweat ran inside the suit. Soon I
felt how the rubber around my feet gradually was filled with sweat. Water came
into my feeding-tube in order to prevent dehydration. The hard work combined
with the increased temperature in the cell made me hysterical just wanting to
get out of this cell and suit but I knew I just had to continue.

Mistress Ilsa stood besides me enjoying the show although she found it hard to
endure the increasing heat inside the cell. It really made her juices flow to
think about how it was for her 'poor' victim exercising on the bike. Within a
few minutes she couldn't take the heat inside the cell anymore and decided to
leave and join Mistress Olga in the comfortable chairs located beside the
control panel and the windows for monitoring my exercise and progress.

"Have fun, Janet. I'll leave you. Tell me if you decide to leave your position
of fortune." Mistress Ilsa said laughing.

She left the cell and joined Mistress Olga outside the heated cell. Mistress
Olga was busy watching the measuring equipment and checking my performance while
riding the bike through the window.

"How is she doing?" Mistress Ilsa asked.

"No problems so far. Everything is within the limits. But look inside the
cell!!!!. This transparent suit is marvellous. Just look how the sweat continues
to run down her body and we are able to see how it works!!! I'm sure this
treatment will work beautifully, you just know what was necessary!" Mistress
Olga said smiling to Mistress Ilsa.

"I really hope so. I don't want to lose this bet. You know that I'm a bad
loser!" Mistress Ilsa said

"How long has she been cycling now?" Mistress Ilsa continued

"Forty-five minutes, five quarters more to go. Do you think she can do it?"
Mistress Olga asked

"I'll bet she will do everything possible to do it, she doesn't want the current
to start. Did you see her reaction to this kind of punishment? I think she would
rather faint than try this again!" Mistress Ilsa answered.

Inside the cell I was about to go insane. I was so exhausted and I wasn't sure I
would be able to continue. Then I heard the hateful voice of Mistress Olga
giving me new instructions.

"Your pulse is too low, keep the pace while I increase the load. Remember to
keep on the red light otherwise....well, I guess you know what I mean?" Mistress
Olga said into the microphone.

"Nooooo, I will die" I was thinking while trying to keep the present speed
though the load had increased. First the voltage decreased below the red spot
but I managed to increase the speed until it was all right again though it
really caused me trouble. I knew I had to keep the pointer a little over the red
spot otherwise there was a danger that the lamp would turn off and Mistress Olga
would add current to my nipples and ass.

"Fifty five minutes to go before the first break. Be brave!" Mistress Olga told
her in the microphone.

Outside the cell Mistress Ilsa and Mistress Olga enjoyed my struggle against the
fear of the current.

"It really makes me hot, should we have a little party with Steve, Jeb and a
couple of inmates this evening?" Mistress Ilsa asked Mistress Olga.

"Sure, it is a good idea. This really turns me on too! Look how she is sweating.
It's really exciting to look at her in this transparent suit! I think she has
doubled the amount of perspiration, don't you?" Mistress Olga asked.

"I really hope so; otherwise we are in deep trouble. Then she won't make it! How
is her data?" Mistress Ilsa answered.

"Everything is still all right though they are a little over average" Mistress
Olga answered.

"Good, increase the load one step!!" Mistress Ilsa ordered

"But Mistress Ilsa, she has just begun this test. I'm not sure she can take it!"
Mistress Olga answered.

"Nonsense, you told me the data is within the limits. We have to stress her body
as much as possible. I have a lot to win! Increase the load one step!" Mistress
Ilsa ordered

"Ok, if you say so. I just want to make sure she doesn't faint or collapse,
that's all" Mistress Olga said while adjusting the load.

Inside the cell Janet heard Mistress Olga's voice again "The load will be
increased one step. Keep up the speed and you won't be punished!"

"Noooooo, not more load! I can't take it anymore. It feels like my body is
boiling and they just continue to increase" I was desperately thinking.

"You only have forty minutes to go before the first rest. Try to keep the speed
and everything will be just fine! Aren't you grateful for all the work we do for
you in order to help you get rid of these extra kilos?" Mistress Olga said
laughing in the loudspeaker.

"Be grateful in a condition like this? They don't care if I collapse at all," I
was thinking while desperately trying to tell my brain and legs that I just had
to continue though I was so exhausted.

Back outside the cell both Mistress Ilsa and Mistress Olga were busy checking
Janet's data. They knew she was near to the top of her limit and they had to be
careful not to make her faint.

"Amazing, you were right. I really think she will manage to get through this
first exercise period!" Mistress Olga said clearly impressed.

"I knew she could do it. Now she only has to keep the load for 10 minutes! I'm
looking forward to measure the amount of sweat on the scale. It looks like both
legs are filled with sweat near to her cunt. If she sweats more I really hope
the briefs are watertight!" Mistress Ilsa said

"Don't worry. I have tested it before. Once I tried to fill one of these suits
with red hot water while a woman was dressed in it. Not a single drop escaped
the suit!" Mistress Olga assured Mistress Ilsa in order to calm down her
concerns.

"I'm happy to hear that. It would be a pity if a leak interfered with the test
results" Mistress Ilsa said while rubbing her clit with the right hand."Sorry,
it's just so exciting" Mistress Ilsa told Mistress Olga

"No problem. True friends respect this kind of thing!" Mistress Olga said with a
smile.

Inside the cell I was about to collapse. I really had trouble coping with the
load on the bike.

"Oh please say it is over, tell that the first two hours has passed, please,
please!" I was thinking.

To my relief I heard Mistress Olga's voice again "The exercise period is over. I
will press the releasing buttons!"

I was released from the bike and the winches lifted me of the bike and let me
lie down on the floor totally exhausted. I just remained still on the floor
trying to regain control over my breathing and heart beat. Breathing in this
tight fitting suit and a gag in the mouth was very difficult. But within five
minutes I was relaxed a little again and my breathing was normal.

"I think she is ready to be drained. I think a large amount of sweat has left
her body. The sweat running now is just due to her isolation in the suit"
Mistress Ilsa said.

"I think you are right" Mistress Olga said and pressed to switches on the
control panel.

Inside the cell the winches started to work again lifting my torso free of the
ground in the harness and once more pressing the tube deep into my ass. Then I
was turned upside down. I could feel how the sweat started to run from my legs
to the front and back of my body and into the hood. Though the suit and hood was
tight fitting it had small passages for the sweat to run inside the suit in
order to make the draining possible. I closed my eyes in order not to get sweat
into the eyes. It felt like the hood just was filledwith sweat. Then the winches
in the floor tightened the chains running from my collar keeping me in a steady
position. When this was done Mistress Olga pressed the button for opening the
electrically operated valve at the top of my hood and the sweat drained into the
container located on the scale on the floor. All data could be seen from the
outside of the cell.

"It looks really good. See how fast it is running. Now we have reached her
former maximum. I think we will double it up this time" Mistress Olga said to
Mistress Mistress Ilsa.

"Yes' it's really looks promising. If she is able to continue like this I'm
quite sure we will make it. That was half a litre, it's really good. Riding the
bike combined with the increased temperature really does something to her."
Mistress Ilsa said.

"Sure it does, I don't think she has much more in the suit. Now it is only
dripping. I'll close the valve and let her have her rest" Mistress Olga said.

Inside the cell I heard Mistress Olga's voice again.

"Five hours and fifteen minutes rest until the next exercise period. The
temperature will be increased to 60 degrees"

"Ohhh no! No more heat, I just can't take it. It's just so awful. Will it ever
stop? I won't be able to endure this for seven days" I was thinking.

"The increased temperature during your period of rest is to help you. Isn't it
just fantastic to think that you will lose weight while you are sleeping,
provided you are able to sleep? Sometimes it's difficult to sleep if you are
really looking forward to something. I can easily imagine that you can hardly
wait to ride this lovely bike again. You know, like the kids waiting for
Christmas!" Mistress Olga told me in the loudspeaker.

Outside the cell both women were enjoying a laugh at my expense while watching
me through the cell window.

Add 28, Janet, Mistress Olga's  mistake


   As the laughter between the two women died away,  Mistress Ilsa turned to
Olga, "While Janet is enjoying her rest period, I want you to stay here and keep
an eye on her. I am going to have a well earned rest myself, so I shall leave
you in charge to monitor the situation and I shall expect a concise report on my
return."

   Mistress Ilsa turned on her heel and strode off leaving Mistress Olga to her
thoughts. She sat down in her comfy chair nothing to do she soon became bored
and soon dozed off for a few minutes. She stirred, yawned and again looked
around for something to do. Peering through the observation window, she saw an
completely exhausted Janet sleeping. She was still perspiring freely but was so
tired out that sleep just automatically overcame her.

   Mistress Olga suddenly had an idea. She would wake Janet and try out a little
experiment of her own before Mistress Ilsa returned. She was always anxious to
impress Mistress Ilsa and to curry favor with her, she frequently tried to
develop their friendship, but she always had the feeling that Mistress Ilsa kept
her at arms length, reminding her of her subservient position. Why only a short
while ago she had a accepted Mistress Ilsa's behavior as an 'understanding
friend' when in her excitement she had reached under her skirt and started to
rub her clit. Perhaps if she was to accelerate the process with Janet, Mistress
Ilsa would be pleased with her initiative.

   "Wake up you lazy slut," Mistress olga barked through the loudspeaker,
"you've had enough sleep. It is back to work for you." The winches had started
again before I was properly awake and suddenly i felt my feet being lifted off
the ground. "Another draining for you and then more exercise and even faster
this time." Miss Olga continued.

   The perspiration which had gathered in my suit in the few minutes I had been
allowed to sleep was already trickling down my legs and body. My head was
swamped with my sweat before I had properly closed my eyes again. They stung
badly as perspiration ran up my nostrils making me gag. Thankfully Mistress Olga
quickly operated  electrically controlled valve at the top of  my hood and once
again the sweat drained into the container located on the scale on the floor so
recording the amount of perspiration that I had lost.

   Once drained I was again quickly inverted and placed back on the bicycle
saddle, where immediately  the spring operated claw  locked around the ass plug
trapping me in an unmovable position. I started to moan as I felt water enter my
feeding tube to prevent my dehydration, but at the same time Mistress Olga had
pressed the button to induce the electrical current to my plugs and nipples. I
just had no option and started to pedal as fast as I could, hoping that the
awful shocks would decrease if I pedaled faster.

   I felt a wave of nausea and sudden panic flow over me and suddenly a stabbing
pain flashed in my chest. I slumped in agony and felt myself slipping slowly
into unconsciousness.

   ................................................

   Mistress Olga looking through the observation window was galvanized into
action. It was clear that something was very wrong . She pressed the Emergency
button to cease the entire operation and  rushed to the cell door. As she was
struggling with the lock to open it, there was a sudden shout behind her.


   "What the devil is going on here!" shouted Mistress Ilsa, who had decided to
make a quick return visit just to check. She had seen Janet slumped on the
bicycle seat. "Hurry and get in there, you stupid woman. I will telephone for
the nurse," and she rushed outside to grasp the phone.

   Mistress Olga was in a panic, what had she done she wondered as she bent over
the unconscious body lying limply over the bicycle controls. By the time the two
of them had laid Janet out on the floor the Nurse rushed in to start CPR to
bring Janet back to a conscious state. Eventually she began to stir and her eyes
fluttered open as she began to return to consciousness. With the gag and feeding
tube removed Mistress Ilsa rose to drag the distraught and fearful Olga outside
leaving the Nurse to do her job.

   "I left you in charge, Olga, you have failed me, what came over you? Now I
must put you on report!"

   "Oh no. Mistress Ilsa, not that, I beg you, I am sorry, I wanted to speed up
the loss of weight so that you would be pleased, I meant no harm...please do not
report me for the sake of our friendship!"

   "What friendship, you have broken my trust, you have disobeyed me, you must
be punished for your foolishness. You have set us back many days. It is not
possible to push these sluts so far. I know how far I can go and I left you in
charge to make sure that the slut Janet rested so that we could use her some
more, but you have disobeyed me and gone too far, you stupid woman. You will be
on report tomorrow."

   Mistress Olga was close to hysteria as Mistress Ilsa finished her tirade. She
now knew it was useless to plead further. She had meant no harm, but she had
gone too far and yes she HAD disobeyed and so she must pay the price. She was
then dismissed to her room to regret her actions and suffer her shame, while
Mistress Ilsa returned to find that the Nurse had succeeded in completing
Janet's recovery and had calmed her down, so that she could continue resting
from her recent additional ordeal!

..................................................

   The next morning a sobbing Olga was led in to face the panel of judges to
confess her misdemeanors and for them to assess the degree of her guilt and
punishment.

   She was appalled not only to find herself facing her three judges but also
before the assembled available staff, both male and female. Her humiliation was
complete as she looked up into the piercing eyes of the Commandant Mick, who was
flanked on the one hand by Dr. Hans and on the other by the woman whom she had
thought was her friend, Mistress Ilsa.

"Right, ladies and gentleman the culprit will now strip and assume the present
position." The security guard  nearby moved slightly and fingered the strap
hanging from her belt as Olga quickly moved to respond to the order. Overnight
she had made up her mind to take her due punishment with courage and control.

   Mistress Olga was only slightly over weighted; her face had now lost her
usual rather haughty demeanor that she usually adopted. Without the benefit of
make-up the age wrinkles were visible particularly around her eyes which were
lowered, to avoid eye contact with the many attending staff members she knew
well.  A few of the attending staff almost felt sorry for her, she had always
been judged to be friendly, well trained and generally reliable. Whatever
humiliation the younger females must feel in this Correctional and Training
Centre, a mature woman of previous authority must feel particularly vulnerable
to the attitude, orders and punishments she was likely to receive this morning.

   The Commandant continued to address the assembled staff..."As you well also
have certain "Dress Disciplines "that give deserving staff members training in
poise and deportment and are also useful in punishing minor infractions of
discipline and/or conduct.. This type of 'underwear' may be worn for a period of
a few hours or days as the punish goes about her normal duties. As you see Olga
is wearing a correctional bra. The adjustable leather straps fit like an
ordinary bra over the shoulders and around the back, but the cups consist of
these nasty thin thongs that can be tightened until each breast is trussed up
and forced to protrude with only the nipple free. It is usually used on the
bigger breasted females such as the female before you.. If the woman can remain
more or less still as some you have already learned, then it is not too bad, but
if she has to exercise and the breasts move about it can be really punishing.
  
   Olga is also wearing an understrap or 'crotch strap. It fits round the waist
and then the leather thong is fed between the buttocks and pulled up in the
front until it's tight as you can see. It is then fastened to a short elastic
tab which permits some stretching, but not much. It is carefully fitted to the
offender, whilst kneeling on all fours and the knots are carefully placed in the
right places to cause maximum chafing and irritation....one on the anus, one
pulled up into the labial lips and one resting on the clitoris. Sometimes its
fitted over the panties,  but more often, as in this case it is pulled up into
the bare cleft.

   As you are no doubt aware the normal passing of bodily wastes can be
inhibited while wearing the understrap,  so Olga will report to the Duty Nurse
half an hour after breakfast and her evening meal for supervised defecation of
her bowel waste and also at 1pm for the voiding of her bladder only. If she
cannot defecate at those appointed times, or in the Nurses opinion, her voiding
has been insufficient, a heavy duty suppository will be administered to speed up
the process, so that further interruptive visits in the course of her duties to
the toilet, will be unnecessary. This procedure will be followed for a week when
a review of her attitude and behavior will be made as to further punishment if
necessary

   Furthermore the offender will receive forthwith a salutary caning to her
bared buttocks which will be delivered by her superior, Mistress Ilsa. The
punishment will consist of a dozen strokes of the cane, but if she wishes to be
restrained to avoid demonstrating a lack of control and fortitude, then six
extra strokes will be added to the total.

   As Olga listened to the pronouncement of sentence by Commandant Mick, she
blushed a deep shade of pink as he described such private procedures in so much
detail, but when the caning was mentioned she started to tremble with fear as
she well knew how vicious Mistress Ilsa could be when wielding one of the
institutions designated canes.


   As for Mistress Ilsa, she sat quietly smiling to herself as the Commandant
delivered his decision, noticing the ever increasing demoralizing effect it was
having on her offending assistant. As she turned to be led away to the
punishment frame, Mistress Ilsa gazed with relish at the full, rolling but
slightly trembling buttocks that she would soon have the pleasure of punishing.
The fact that she was wearing a crotch strap would in no way impede salutary
effect of the lashes of the cane, the fleshy fullness of her buttocks would see
to that.

   Olga stood beside the punishment frame; Mistress Ilsa came forward and
approached her holding a heavy cane in her hand. "Will you be able to cope with
twelve strokes, unrestrained, Olga?" asked Mistress Ilsa. Olga looked directly
into her eyes. She wanted to be able to take the strokes without restraint but
Olga knew what she had to face up to. The intense agony that Mistress Ilsa would
apply to her naked body would leave her devastated and if she attempted to
shield her buttocks from the onslaught, or move to try and escape the next
stroke, that would only incur further punishment for not holding position.  She
felt she really had no endurance of pain and at this moment feared it greatly. 
She would so much like to tough it out without being restrained, but she did not
want to show a lack of control in front of her colleagues. Suddenly she made up
her mind and knelt before her Mistress.

   "Well?" enquired Mistress Ilsa, with a half smile on her straight, cruel
lips, knowing full well what was going on in Olga's mind.

   "Yes Mistress.  I have decided," she said softly.  "I wish to be restrained
Mistress.  I fear I will both disappoint you and myself if I try to hold
position and fail and so I am prepared to accept the additional strokes."  Olga
remained on her knees looking up into Mistress Ilsa's eyes hopefully.  Her own
eyes were now puffed from crying. "I am sure it will hurt too much for me to
remain under control to do it on my own," she whispered, her voice barely
audible but now pleading.

   "As you wish, my dear," replied Mistress Olga, "so be it eighteen cuts of the
heavy cane across you naked buttocks, restrain her Guard."

   Reluctantly the once proud and confident Mistress Olga moved to take up her
position across the punishment frame. The horizontal bars fitted with suitable
attachments had already be adjusted to the correct height for the now trembling
female to be positioned.

   Strangely she was both frightened and excited to be restrained for caning. 
Having seen so many young women punished in a similar manner, she had often
wondered what it would be like, now she was about to have a first hand
experience. Olga was painfully aware of the reason she was being cuffed,  now
she would be completely immobile, just like Janet had recently been. She would
have no place to move when the pain became too great, she would just have to
clench her teeth and suffer

   The metal bars dug into her naked belly, cold and unbending and she whimpered
softly as goose bumps rippled over her bare flesh. She did exactly what was
expected of her anxious to avoid further trouble. The further she leaned over
the more other bars dug into her upper thighs and her buttocks curved and tensed
in readiness for the onslaught. She obediently stretched her arms straight out
from her sides and completed the positioning by grasping the bar.  She did not
squeeze her hands closed but held herself lightly.  The metal felt cold to her
now sweaty palms. Suddenly an even louder whimper was heard by those watching
her preparation as her legs were spread widely before being tightly restrained.
Again her bowed head was suffused with her blushes as she realized only too well
all that she was now revealing to those of her colleagues seated behind her.

   Unconsciously, Olga was on her toes as she held the position.  Her naked
buttocks jutting out behind her almost inviting the first stroke of the cane..
Mistress Ilsa readied herself for a few practice cuts of the cane and smiled
knowingly as she noticed Olga's labia glistening with moisture, a fact that Olga
was totally unaware of.  Her hanging breasts still encased in the punishment bra
undulated slightly as she took long steadying breaths while she waited the same
mixture of fear and excitement now raging in her.  She suddenly realized that
she had made the correct decision, restrained as she was; she now felt she could
cope with anything. Olga felt each of her buttocks tapped smartly in turn by the
cane, and tensed for the first stroke.
  
   Mistress Ilsa looked down with delight at the proffered buttocks, "I love
mature women, so much more ass to work with," she mused as she sliced the cane
through the air a few more times to heighten the effect. She raised the cane
over her shoulder and brought down with a loud swish across the top of the
Olga's thighs. A white line marked the spot but quickly changed to red as the
second stroke hit across the lower buttocks with a loud "Thwick". Olga
immediately let out a loud yell, the first stroke had caught her by surprise as
she was not expecting it there, on the most sensitive spot that the cane could
have sought out. Despite the arm and ankle straps Olga showed that her position
on the frame permitted some slight  vertical movement as she reacted to the
pain, unfortunately this had the effect of tightening the flesh over the target
area. The third stroke seemed to be even more painful and was again received by
a cry of distress.
 
    Olga did her best to remain calm with the buttocks relaxed and through the
growing haze of pain tried to concentrate on her breathing, but by the sixth
stroke across her suffering buttocks she could not control her actions any
longer and simply threshed up and down as the strokes continued to fall around
every ten seconds.  Eventually the twelfth stroke slashed home across the thin
band of swelling ridges.  Mistress Ilsa paused for a few moments, "I think we
will have her gagged. Guard if you will."

   The Guard moved forward towards the sobbing and squirming Olga with a gag at
the ready. Pinching her nostrils to force her mouth open, the gag was firmly
forced into her gaping mouth and tightly tied behind her head. During the all
too short respite Olga coping with the ever growing agony coursing through her
body realized only too well the she had made the right decision to be
restrained, but now had to suffer a further six slashing cuts.

   Mistress Ilsa moved up close to the distraught Olga. "Now you have a further
six of my very best to enjoy dear and rest assured I will make them count. I am
sure that in future you will obey my orders, won't you dear," she whispered in
her ear as she fondled her rising welts across her bottom cheeks. Olga tensed
again for the resumption of her ordeal, emitting ever more frantic but muffled
screams as Mistress Ilsa applied the final six cuts with all her strength and
expertise.

   Finally it was over and the Guard moved forward remove the saliva soaked gag. 
The straps were undone so that the sobbing woman could be helped to dismount.
She was then ordered to stand before the panel of her judges in the present
position.. Even the small relief of rubbing her weals was denied to her.

   Mistress Ilsa resumed her seat and was congratulated by the Commandant for
her excellent execution of an educational punishment. By this time Mistress Olga
had resumed sufficient control over her senses and squirming body to comprehend
the further comments of the Commandant. " I remind you, Olga, that your
punishment is far from over. Remember you will suffer the discomfort and
embarrassment of you 'Dress Discipline' for a week when your cooperation,
attitude and behaviour will be reviewed. I hope that this procedure that has
been carried out this morning has reminded you that in this Institution only the
highest standards of efficiency, behaviour and obedience to instructions will be
accepted and I hope that what has happened here this morning will be an object
lesson to those of you assembled here. Now Mistress Olga we await your apology
and assurances that there will be no further lapses of this kind in future."

   Mistress Olga standing squirming with pain at the present and now again very
conscious of her nudity, cleared her throat and in a subdued tone commenced to
apologize for failure to obey instructions......"Louder, if you please and raise
your head so that we can all hear what you say, " interrupted Commandant Mick
and with a sob Mistress Olga commenced again to apologize and assure the
gathering that she had learned her lesson and that she would be careful never to
offend again in the future.

   At the conclusion of Miss Olga's embarrassing speech the Commandant dismissed
her to the care of the Duty Nurse and the assembled staff to continue their
duties.

Add 29, Mick, the final judgement

Mistress Olga turned around deeply red in her head and with an extremely sore
ass and walked towards the door to continue work. She felt the punishment bra
and the strap very well as it already did cause her a great deal of discomfort.

"Maybe I can remove it for a short period when I'm alone" she was thinking

"WAIT A MINUTE" Commandant Mick shouted

Mistress Olga felt a rush of coldness in her body hearing him shout like this.
She stopped and turned around again.

"Come back here!" she was commanded

"I have been thinking again. What you have done is an extremely serious crime as
we always have to be sure that our orders are carried out like they are supposed
to. I can sometimes accept disobedience due to weakness if a nurse or guard in
duty feels sorry for the victim. For these faults we have some excellent
training programs making them realize that they deserve this treatment. But this
wasn't the problem with you. Your crime is much more serious as you have
overruled an order and changed a well prepared schedule, which meant stop of
this training and treatment. In war time this is absolutely unacceptable. In the
battle field it might sometimes mean sentencing to death as it sometimes causes
the death of our brave soldiers. It isn't different at this place because our
work helps the soldiers. The information we extract save our soldiers form the
enemy and the medical experiments invent new means of curing different kinds of
illness. All this means that any interfering of this work must be considered as
an attack to Germany!" Commandant Mick said and paused.

Mistress Olga looked really scared as she had no idea why he told her all this
but she had the feeling that her judgments due to her fault wasn't over at all.
She remained silence and awaited anxiously the Commandant to continue his
speech.

"I'm in a position to decide what to do with crew disobeying our rules! I have
sentenced you to wear this bra and strap for one week but I have reconsidered
and decided that this won't be enough as I think it is necessary to make you an
example not ever to be followed again! I could easily judge you to be restrained
like the filthy sluts and join them for the rest of the war but as your skills
are quite promising I won't do that as I think this would be a waste of
excellent skills. But you have to learn that blind obedience means everything to
us. Therefore I sentence you to join the filthy sluts each morning at five
O-clocks for the morning inspection in order to make you realize how lucky you
are that I show you mercy. I'm sure that you will be grateful when you will be
able to have a closer look at these miserable worthless sluts each morning
before they are driven out in the fields for their duties of the day. You will
do this not for one week as previously told but fourteen days. You will join
them only wearing your bra and crotch strap and you will do it on all fours like
the cows kept this place. Furthermore I can imagine that this nice 'dress' is
already causing you some troubles meaning you might think on removing it when
you are alone in your own quarter. As this is a part of your punishment I can't
accept this to happen and therefore we will lock it into place with a lock that
can't be opened with the master key as I know you sometimes have one of these to
be able to inspect the training cells. Duty nurse will you please do as
ordered?" the Commandant said

"Dammed, he knows everything! Now there is no way back and the filthy
sluts...pew. I'm happy that he decided not to keep me this place. But fourteen
day!! It will be so degrading and humiliating and on all fours like these
worthless cows who can't even be used as real slaves!! Now it hardly can be
worse!!" Mistress Olga was thinking but she was wrong!

"I know that you are quite keen on using these heavy duty suppositories on the
inmates and slaves in training. But I actually don't think you ever have tried
them yourself! I will be kind and let you try it. As we don't know about your
normal defecating schedule we can't be sure if you do it in the morning,
afternoon, night or whatsoever. In order to start with empty bowel I will give
you the opportunity to experience how they work for one hour. I have heard you
have kept the inmates in this condition for more than three hours meaning this
shouldn't cause you any troubles. But in order to make sure they will work we
will add two into your rectum and plug you well and then replace the crotch
strap making any removal impossible until we decide it is over.  I will let it
be up to duty nurse Heike to conclude if they have done their work after one
hour. And when speaking about nurse Heike I have some additional instructions
for you. During your punishment we can't let you be in charge for the training
as I think the slaves in training will loose respect. Therefore I will hand over
the command to duty nurse Heike the next fourteen days. As you have been quite
hard to her during her work with the preparation of the slaves in training I
think she will be just perfect. You will obey her orders during your punishment
meaning she will tell you what to do in the slave training block. You are not
allowed to decide anything unless she has permitted it. She is free to change
the schedules you have made and when your punishment is over I might decide to
hand over the command to you again but you will still make the changes in
corporation with duty nurse Heike as I never want any faults like this one to
happen again. Heike is very skilful meaning she knows as much as you know about
slave training if not more. Therefore I feel safe when she is in charge as well.
But the next fourteen days you will have absolutely nothing to say concerning
the training. If you break this rule you will quickly find yourself on the
whipping horse again and I will let duty nurse Heike do the punishment. I really
think she would love being able to use the cane on you!!!" the Commandant paused

Duty nurse Heike approached Mistress Olga with the locks, the two large
suppositories, some grease and a pair of rubber gloves.

"But Commandant! Please.....this will degrade my position severely....I promise
that this will never happen again" Mistress Olga begged

"SHUT UP! Do only speak when I address you!. Be quit until I ask you or I might
decide to lock one of these heavy leather gags on you the next fourteen days as
well. My judgment isn't to discussion!! You just have to be happy that I'm in a
good temper not sentence you to the filthy slut block!! I warn you; if duty
nurse Heike tells me that you are complaining too much you will be gagged
immediately and I will increase your punishment with one week!! I actually think
it will do you good trying to wear one of these gags! Dress her with a heavy
leather gag for the next two days. Choose one of the feeding gags making it
possible to let her wear it all day!!" Commandant Mick ordered. Now he really
was mad at her.

Mistress Olga regretted that she did beg him but she remained silence as she now
knew that more begging would only make her punishment worse. It really couldn't
be more humiliating and degrading. Just to think about treating the slaves
wearing all this equipment usually used for punishing them! She would surely
loose respect.

"And then under the command of this stupid nurse! Skilful! She really is a pain
in the ass to me as she always knows better about how to treat the slaves in
training. And now I can't even complain the next two days. But I better just
accept the punishment. I certainly don't want to join the filthy cows. I must
just endure the next fourteen days and be careful that the Commandant doesn't
increase it!" Mistress Olga was thinking while feeling extremely uncomfortable
due to her new 'dresses.
The duty nurse took position close to her with all the ordered equipment placed
on a table beside them. She released the crotch strap and put on the rubber
gloves.

"Will you please be kind to bend over facing the wall exposing your ass to the
crowd? I'm sure they will love to see the goodies being forced into your
rectum!" Heike order with a broad smile clearly excited to be allowed to punish
Mistress Olga like this.

Mistress Olga did as ordered and Heike separated her ass cheeks and greased the
tight hole generously with the grease. She took the time for forcing two fingers
deeply up in her ass causing Mistress Olga to moan. Then she took the two heavy
duty suppositories and rammed them quickly up into her rectum. Without loosing a
second she rammed the inflatable plug up in her ass and inflated in. Then the
strap was locked back into place trapping it all in Mistress Olga's ass.

"On your feet and open wide!" Mistress Olga was ordered

The gag was strapped onto her face almost covering it entirely. Mistress Olga
could already feel the suppositories starting to work causing her the first
cramps but she knew this was only the beginning. Sometimes the slaves were
frantically begging her to let them expel only after half an hour so she knew
just so well what was in store for her. Some of the slaves did even beg her to
let them eat their shit just to get rid of the increasing need to relieve them.
She had never showed them mercy as it really did make the sluts realize that
they had to do their very best. But now she was scheduled to have two of them
inside her for one hour!

The duty nurse tightened the straps for the harness as much as she could and
locked them in place with a padlock. Then she locked the straps for the bra as
well.

"She is ready. Have you any further orders my Commandant?" she asked Mick

"No, I think this will do it. Let her retire to her quarter. It is up to you if
she need some additional time with the suppositories but I really think she has
learned her lesson after one hour! Just make sure her punishment will be carried
out as ordered after this initial treatment" Commandant Mick answered.

"Sure I will. I actually think it will be a pleasure working with Mistress Olga
after this 'kind' treatment you have ordered for her! MO, you are dismissed!
Hurry up and leave before the Commandant change his mind and find some
additional treatment for you! Then I will check you after one hour. If you
behave well I might decide to let you expel while I'm watching you." duty nurse
Heike ordered laughing loudly while watching her with a great deal of interest
and pleasure.

Mistress Olga did as ordered as quickly as possible but it really was difficult
walking due to the increasing pain and cramps in her bowel. She almost walked
like a duck. The whole crowd laughed at her while she was leaving the room.
Breathing was difficult as well due to this horrible gag that she had strapped
onto the face of a lot of slaves in training during her time in the slave
training block. She just knew so well that wearing all this equipment would be
quite an ordeal for her the next days and now she couldn't remove any part of it
without help!




Introduction for part 7.

I did initially plan to include both the filthy sluts and the new training cages
for the sluts in this part 7 but as we haven't finished the part with the
training cages yet and as the part with the filthy sluts and the treatment of
'poor' Janet in the hospital block I decided to split it in two. I did like this
because I know you are all waiting for more. I think we are still on the right
track as we have both included some new aspects and continued with the existing
plot.

Concerning the group http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Friends_of_Janets_Ordeal/ we
still have a lot of pending members who has not written the review required for
joining. See instructions for writing reviews is in part 3 of the story.

Remember that if you have already written a review it is important that you tell
me the name used for the review and the email address and name use for applying
for joining, otherwise I can't approve as it is impossible to see who it is if
the review name and the email name is different.

As I have already written about 10 pages for part 8 it won't take long before it
will be uploaded as well. This part includes the special training cages that I
think you will all love.

I have included a few interested women in some of the parts meaning they have to
go through some of the different ordeals. If you are a woman and you really love
this story and would like to be a part of it then send me a short message and
tell me about it and I will do what I can. Use the email address
mickni2000@icqmail.com.

I won't write more in this introduction save for hoping you all will love this
part 67 and that we hope some of you will write a review or some feedback for it
using the email address mickni2000@icqmail.com.

Take care...........

Master Mick

Janet and I proudly present:
______________________________

 Janet's Ordeal, part 7.


Add 29, Mistress Olga joins the filthy sluts for the morning inspection

   Mistress Olga didn't have a pleasant night at all. She really was angry at
herself that she had made this fault overruling Ilsa's instructions, which was
the reason for her present awful condition. Furthermore she was extremely
disappointed that the Commandant had been so hard on her. After all it was only
one of these worthless sluts who just deserved this treatment who was involved
and what did it mean if she was ready a few weeks later than scheduled?
 
   Before she was allowed to go to sleep she had been subjected to this
supervised relief of her bowel and bladder. The suppositories really had caused
her severe cramps and they started only fifteen minutes after insertion. She
felt like she was going to explode before the duty nurse finally arrived. She
hoped that the visit only meant supervised relief on the toilet but the duty
nurse brought with her one of these pails used for the inmates. Then she had
ordered her to void in the middle of her dining room giving this perverted slut
a clear view of her private parts. As it was a pail she had to use, she had to
maintain a squatting position being careful not to tip the pail and then just
let go. As she had built up quite a pressure she didn't manage to get it all in
the pail making the duty nurse laugh at her. When Mistress Olga looked angry at
her she just warned her to be very careful or she would report to the
Commandant.

   After finishing her personal needs the duty nurse had just enjoyed watching
her cleaning up all her mess, including cleaning the pail and then she had
supervised her while cleaning her body after all this. Then she replaced the
crotch strap as tight as possible and locked it into place and left her. After
the duty nurse had left her quarter Olga tried every single key in the locks to
her gag, belt and the awful bra but none of them worked. Even her master key
didn't work in these locks. She desperately tried to make herself more
comfortable but nothing really helped at all. The pain just grew worse and
worse. Would she ever get used to this before her ordeal was over.

   During her sleep it wasn't much better. Breathing was difficult and the belt
hurt her no matter what she did. She had to lie on her back all night otherwise
the punishment bra caused her a great deal of discomfort. Furthermore she really
feared being forced to report to the filthy slut area for their morning
inspection and this at 05:00 am! She had to be up latest at 04:30 to be there in
time! The nurse had told her to be careful not to drink too much as her
controlled bladder relief would be after the inspection. How humiliating and
degrading it all was!
  
   At 04:30 am she left her quarters in her 'nice' dress! A lot of the inmates
were already in the different block yards for the morning inspection and looked
at her with a great deal of interest. None of them dared to laugh as they were
afraid what would be done if they did. But Mistress Olga dammed well knew that
they were all secretly laughing inside, enjoying the sight of a crew member in
this condition. The filthy slut block was located in the far eastern end of the
prison area. When she arrived one of the male guards in this place was awaiting
her.

   "Morning Olga, sorry to see you in this situation but I have to obey orders"
he said and called for two other guards one male and one female.

   "Place her ready for inspection as the Commandant ordered last evening!" he
ordered.
 
   It all happened very fast. They both grabbed her with strong arms and forced
her to sit with her back leaning against a short upright pole with a collar
attached. Then a heavy canvas hood was dragged over her head and secured with a
chain and lock around her neck. Finally the collar was locked around her neck
forcing her to sit in this position until she was released.

   "Whouuuat auuuarrre yoouyu doooing" Olga screamed through her gag. Though the
hood had holes in front of the mouth it became even more difficult to breathe.

   "Don't cry like a child! We just carry out orders! The Commandant wants it
like this. I'm sorry to tell that we are a little behind schedule this morning,
meaning you will have to wait like this for a while."

   Mistress Olga's hands flew to the collar and the hood desperately trying to
take if off but her attempts were, of course, useless. All equipment used this
place was thicker and heavier than usual, meaning it just remained in place
until somebody with the right key  removed it from the victim.

   Then the guards just left the half naked woman and went to carry out their
duties for the day.

   They opened a heavy steel door and entered a large room. Inside all that
could be seen were four fairly large wooden and steel boxes only fifty
centimeters high. All four had a chain located on each corned connected to some
large winches located on some heavy beams mounted on the ceilings. Furthermore
some large tubes had been mounted on the surface of the boxes. They all ran over
to two heavy blowers, which made a lot of noise. The block was pretty well
isolated and the temperature inside the room was about thirty degrees. At each
end of the boxes a heavy steel beam with a handle could be seen. Furthermore one
was located at the middle. The steel beams were hidden inside the four large
boxes. Nobody would ever guess that this was the bedroom for about fifty
inmates. The only sign indicating that this area contained human beings was the
foul smell of piss and shit combined with the smell of old sweat and dirty skin.

   "OK, I guess it is about time! The strong smell indicates that some of the
cows haven't managed to control bowel and bladder."

   The poor women kept this place were all named cows, which was tattooed on
their backs with an additional number. They were split in four groups named
groups one to five. Furthermore each had her own number meaning the tattoo
consisted of three digits, for instance 205 meant it was cow number five in
group two. During the duties of the day they worked in these groups and each
group had at least one guard responsible for keeping them working hard all time.

   The guard pressed a button and the boxes were lifted towards the ceiling
revealing fifty miserable women. From the underside of the boxes it could be
seen that they were separated in tiny boxes each just large enough for trapping
one woman inside during the night with only limited freedom to move. The poor
cows just looked ugly! They were covered with dirt all over their bodies. They
had no body hair at all meaning you were looking at fifty bald headed females,
dirty like pigs. Their asses were caked with dry and wet shit and some of them
had menstruation blood running down their legs. But this wasn't the worst part!
They were all heavily chained up. The restraints consisted of a broad steel belt
locked around the waist. From the front of this belt ran four heavy chains to
feet and hand manacles made of steel. In order to make it bearable and not to
injure the hands and feet the manacles had been coated on the inside with smooth
rubber. Furthermore the hand manacles had an additional chain running to the
heavy broad neck collar. The feet chains were too short for the cows to stand
upright meaning they had to crawl all time like animals. The hand chains too,
were just long enough to make it possible to crawl and use their hands for
working, sitting pretty close to the working area. Some of the poor females wore
a heavy leather gag with a short tube coming from the mouth. They had been
caught speaking with some of the other inmates. Speaking was not allowed at all
between the cows. They were only allowed to speak if the guards asked them
something and they seldom did!

   During the night they were all chained to the rods running inside the boxes
just to add to their discomfort and to make sure none of them masturbated during
the night. The problem was that if the hand chains had to be long enough for
crawling they would be able to touch their private parts and this wasn't allowed
at all. During the day time the guards took care that this didn't happen but
during the night they had to make sure by other means. This meant that when
preparing for the night the cows was ordered to put their hand and feet chains
through rings mounted on their hands and feet manacles and put a link from the
chain over a rod sticking up from the long heavy steel rod. When all had
prepared the guards turned the rod locking the chain into place making any
removal impossible. After operating the handles they walked alongside the row of
chained females checking that all were securely locked in position. After this
final check the boxes were lowered isolating each cow inside her box for the
night and then the hot air blowers were started heating their narrow
confinements to thirty two degrees as ordered by the Commandant, no matter if it
was winter or summer. As they sweated a lot during the nights all boxes had been
equipped with a water tube that allowed them to drink water during the nights in
order not to dehydrate. It really was hard for the soul of these poor females to
be isolated like this every night and the never ending heat just added to the
claustrophobia some of them were suffering. Furthermore the tiny boxes didn't
leave much room for moving within the restriction of their chains. But as they
all were very tired after sixteen hours of hard work in the fields they normally
all managed to get some sleep otherwise it would be much harder to do the
ordered work the next day. All this meant that they just had to lie like this on
the hard floor curled up inside these tiny hot boxes and try to sleep the best
they could.

   One of the guards turned the handles mounted at the end of each steel rod and
the cows could remove the chains and get ready for the morning inspection.

   "Get your filthy asses up and prepare to move your filthy bodies to the
inspection yard!" the guard cried out.

   The females didn't lose a second doing as ordered though they all were stiff
in their limbs after being chained in this position all night. But they knew the
consequences for being too slow carrying out the orders and therefore they all
did their best to do as ordered. They all unhooked the chains that had kept them
in position during the night and carefully placed them like the guards had
instructed. Then they tried the best they could to make their sore tired limbs
respond to fulfill the instructions they knew were required of them. Some of
them really had difficulty getting their bodies on all fours to be ready for the
order to move to the yard to commit another humiliating act. Some of them looked
even more miserable after the night of sleep, as they had not managed to
maintain control until they were out in the fields in the areas dedicated for
this purpose.

   The guards continued to cry out in order to have all ready and they busily
used the cattle prods and the whips to encourage the sluts to do it faster. The
room was filled with the screams from the poor females desperately trying to
cope with the demands. When all were ready a new order came.

   "Turn right!.......MOVE...one, two, one, two" one guard shouted as he was
controlling a march.

   The whole crowd of females on all fours started to move and the sounds of a
lot of chains rattling over the floor was heard while they left the room in
order to get in position in the inspection yard. When the cows moved to the
inspection area they all saw the hooded woman chained to one of the well known
short whipping and punishment posts. They all noticed that she was new as she
wasn't dirty and caked at all and she was not yet wearing the restraints always
used during a stay at this block. But as they didn't want further punishment
they didn't dare to stop watching her but just kept on moving to their places.
All cows had their 'own' place for the morning inspection. Their positions had
been marked with white paint marks telling them where to place their hands and
knees. When firmly in place they stood on all fours with their legs widely
spread exposing their dirty asses and cunts totally.  They were not allowed to
move at all during the inspection no matter what was done to them.

    Then the guards walked alongside the row of dirty females stopping to
inspect some of them more closely. They amused themselves with rubbing some of
them between the legs with the hard cane or riding whip they all carried. One of
them took a plastic cover from his pocket and dragged it over the handle of the
whip. Then he parted one of the cows ass cheeks and pushed the handle into her
ass hole very slowly. First she just moaned in discomfort but her moan changed
to real screams as he just continued to push it further and further. Finally he
stopped and dragged it out again.

   "Ahhhhhhh, you are better today!! I was able to push it a little further
before your scream was as loud as yesterday" he said laughing loudly. Then he
dragged of the shit covered plastic cover and gave her a real stinger with the
whip causing to scream again.

   "Good, very good my sweetheart. You really have learned something. Yesterday
you had five stingers before you remained in position. Today you just remained
in place at the first stroke. I think you are  learning. I wish you weren't ao
dirty then I might have used you for a good fuck but I don't like to fuck a cunt
as disgusting as yours!" he said and continued the inspection.

   One of the female guards just loved her cattle prod and tested the pain limit
of several sluts by forcing it up into their cunts and then pulled the trigger,
sending wave after wave of current through their private parts. Some of them
really had difficulties remaining in position during this painful treatment, but
usually they managed, as they didn't want any further punishment.

   "Ha, ha, ha, it seems like you all are about to get used to the current! In
the beginning a lot of you  received further punishment for moving during this
treatment but during the past days of the inspections I have noticed that you
are all able to take it. Maybe I will have to increase the current making it
even more difficult to remain in position?" she said laughing again. She could
feel how her juices began to flow as this was extremely sexually exciting for
her. They had always told her that the filthy slut block was the worst block to
work in but she actually loved it and she would not change unless they were able
to offer her a job more exciting as this one. Sometimes she even had sex with
one of these filthy sluts. After an hour in a tub filled with red hot water and
a nice smelling soap solution they actually didn't smell quite so bad and then
they were just perfect for some SM acts and to be forced to lick her cunt until
she exploded in a huge orgasm. Nothing can be compared to a sweet slut with skin
red like a pig and completely hairless. They just looked like a pain slut so
nicely restrained and ready to serve in any way to please her Mistress or
Master; just perfect! Then she often placed them in a tiny cage making them
scream for release in the morning. When released she had them service her orally
and then return for the morning inspection and their duty of the day. She just
loved these morning sexual services as she knew so well how a cunt and ass
smells in the morning before the morning bath. This just added to the
humiliation of these cows and it really excited her to have them clean her
between her legs with their tongues while additionally satisfying her sexually.
She always forced them to lick her ass hole as well. If they refused she just
had to pull the trigger of the cattle prod making it buzz its merciless sound of
pain then they had no problem doing it. This really gave her a kick making her
explode in a huge orgasm!. They were probably even more tired after a night like
this but this was not her problem. All that mattered for her was that she had a
pleasant night and if she was tired she could just go to her quarters and have a
nice sleep in a warm bed during the daytime.

   Mistress Olga heard all the screams wondering what was going on but she still
couldn't see anything as she  was still hooded. Her breathing was more regular
now, as she had found out how to breathe through the tiny holes in front of her
mouth in order to get enough air. She really was angry as she thought the
punishment she had to endure was going a little too far. OK, she had made a
fault but right now she was almost treated like these cows.

   Finally the guards had finished the morning inspection and they took position
in front of the inmates.

   "OK, the program for today! First I'm happy to tell all of you that this is
your favorite day of the month! You will all have the nice hair removing gel
poured on you bristly cunts and heads. I can see that some of you actually have
got some of your hair back though it isn't that much. You all know that you are
supposed to be completely hairless at this place and this rule hasn't changed.
Therefore you will now take position in the steel frames in the order we command
you. Then your filthy heads, ass and cunts will be nicely cleaned with the
excellent hard bristles and we will smear on a generous amount of gel. Remember
to close your eyes as it really hurts if you get some of it in them as well!!"
the guard instructed them.

   All females hated this day of the month as the treatment really was painful.
This gel just burned and burned like they were on fire especially between the
legs. Some of them were so weak after this treatment that they hardly could
crawl back to their positions when they were released from the frames. The
frames were specially made for this purpose. There were five frames located in
front of them. They could be used for punishment as well as the victim strapped
to them just was so exposed and vulnerable to any kind of treatment with legs
widely spread and ass hanging free in the air while they were locked into place.
The frames consisted of two U-shaped supports rammed into the ground. On the top
of these U supports, a steel tube had been mounted. This tube had a handle
located at both ends. Welded to this steel tube were two more U-shaped tubes,
which right now were pointing downwards. These U's had been fitted with some
leather restraints, that could secure the arms and legs of the poor victim. When
the women had moved into position below the tube resting on the U-shaped frame
rammed into the ground a heavy leather belt was tightened, lifting the victim
free of the ground and her arms and feet were strapped to the U-shaped tubes
welded to the tube resting on the support frame. This operation left the victim
with legs and arms widely spread and to the side making sure she would remain
still during the operation. When nicely strapped the handles was operated and by
turning the tube the victim was turned around making her rest with the back on
the tube and her arms and legs pointing upwards. As the turn table tube was
shorter than the torso of the females the ass was hanging freely in the air then
they removed the handle for turning the frame. totally exposing her private
parts. She was now ready for the cleaning and the gel.

   "Ohhhhhhhhhhh, sweet worthless cows, I almost forgot. I know you have all
noticed that we have a visitor today! I don't think any of you can imagine who
she is? I will now show you but before this we need to prepare her. Guards, will
you, please?" he asked two of the other guards.

   "Prepare....what does this mean. I'm only supposed to be here every day for a
few minutes and then leave for my quarters and duties of the day. I'm not
supposed to be prepared at all!" Mistress Olga was thinking a bit scared as she
still couldn't hear anything. She heard some chains rattling and then she
suddenly felt some strong hands take hold of her. She felt somebody loosening
the crotch strap and then the waist band that was locked around tightly her
waist. The she was forced on all fours within the restriction of her neck collar
and she felt some steel manacles being locked on herfeet and hands.  Her neck
collar was removed but only to be replaced with another one.

   "Ok, now stand up!" she was ordered, while she felt the pain of a whip on her
ass.

   "Auuuuuuoooo, noooooouuouu" she screamed and tried to do as ordered. But she
couldn't! The chains didn't allow her to stand upright and she just fell on the
hard ground again. She heard the guards laugh at her struggles. Something was
completely wrong! Then she felt somebody touch her and unlocking the hood which
was dragged off her head.

   She was on all fours facing the filthy cows just watching her. They all
looked very surprised,hardly believing their own eyes. In front of them they saw
one of the most evil women in this place chained like they all were. They didn't
dare to laugh but they all felt a deep sense of satisfaction seeing one of these
evil guards in a similar situation to them.

   "I bet you all know Mistress Olga. Initially she was only scheduled to be
here during the morning inspection but the Commandant has changed the orders as
you all can see. I'm terribly sorry Olga but you will remain with these filthy
sluts during the next fourteen days in order to make you realize how serious
your fault is and to make you grateful that you will be released   after these
fourteen days rather than remain here indefinitely like these other cows, that
is providing the Commandant decides to release you!" he sneeringly said to Olga. 
Mistress Olga could not believe her ears and tears welled up into her eyes as
she realized her fate, but as he knew the punishment for disobedience he didn't
dare to refuse.

    "You are rather unlucky to be here on the day we remove all body hair. Some
of the cows are beginning to have their grow hair back and this isn't allowed.
You will be just as hairless as these cows. Don't worry; you will have it grow
back when or shall we say if, you are released! Guards, will you prepare the
first five cows, make Olga join the first group of cows for the monthly
treatment!" he ordered.

    "Slut Olga, cow 101, 102, 103 and 104, move your filthy asses to the
frames!" they cried out loudly.

   They released Olga from the upright pole and a stroke with the whip reminded
her that it wasn't wise to refuse. She crawled towards the frames while feeling
more humiliated than she had ever felt in her whole life.

   "This is a bit over the top!!! A slave trainer treated like these filthy
cows! Oh my god, I know how much this gel hurts! I once had a drop on my finger
and it burned like hell as it is quickly absorbed by the skin removing all hair
it finds on it way into the body! And now they will pour it all over my head and
cunt removing the hair I just love so much. Whatever will I look like them!"
Olga was thinking while desperately trying to find a way out of this.

   The guards just guided her in position under the frames and strapped her to
the device. When firmly in place they turned the handles and locked the device
in the right position leaving her hanging in the air with her cunt and ass
totally exposed.

   The hair removal included a severe cleaning of the sluts as they all were
extremely dirty especially their asses which were a disgusting shade of brown
caked, as they were, with shit as they had no chance to clean themselves during
their stay in this horrible place. The guards, both males and females, took some
pails with a strong red hot soap solution. added salt as well to increase the
discomfort combined with this cleaning and some hard bristle brushes. Then they
approached the restrained sluts and started to clean them. The air was filled
with their screams as it really was painful due to the cruel bristles, which
certainly didn't look like a bristle you would normally use for cleaning the
most sensitive parts of the body. All the guards enjoyed this cleaning process
as it was both painful and greatly sensitized their private parts ready for the
sting and burning which was to follow as the gel was then smeared all over their
lower parts and head. Even the eyebrows were coated leaving the poor women
completely hairless.

   Mistress Olga was cleaned as well though she really didn't need it but it was
ordered to be done just to add to her discomfort and her humiliation and to make
her learn her lesson to be more careful in the future. When they were all
through with the cleaning of the first five women the guard returned to Mistress
Olga.

   "The Commandant has ordered us to start with your cunt and then report to him
before removing the rest of your hair" he announced to her while putting on a
pair of heavy rubber gloves. Then he filled his hands with the foul smelling gel
while he made sure Mistress Olga had a clear view of what he was doing. Then he
started to smear it all over her cunt and ass.

   They always were very generous with the gel and smeared all over ass and cunt
though the only hairy part was the area with the pubic hair. Some of them even
forced a gel covered finger deep up inside the ass hole making sure they felt
the sting and burning feeling both inside and outside. Especially one of the
female guards loved to do this and all the filthy sluts especially afraid if she
was the one treating them as this always meant more pain than with some of the
other guards. She sometimes even  used a tube with a plunger that she filled
totally with the gel and then rammed it deep into the cow's asshole and pressed
the plunger totally emptying the tube into her rectum. This really was painful
as it continued to burn and they were always told that before expelling they
would be plugged as well so making it remain inside until they decided to remove
the inflatable butt plug again. Mistress Olga was 'lucky' that it wasn't this
evil female guard treating her but right now she  was not aware of too much as
she was busy coping with the terrible pain between her legs.

   "Auuuuuuuuuuoooooooooooooohhhhhhhhh..........tauuuaoooooooke it
ooouuuffffffff" Olga screamed. It just burned like fire. The air was filled with
the screams of the poor victims on the other four frames treated like Olga
though they were smeared with the gel on both head and cunt.

   All guards stepped back and enjoyed their struggles and screams. They knew
how painful it was as they sometimes had competitions trying to see how long
they could take it on less sensitive spots before they used some anti stuff,
which removed the burning and stinging feeling. They normally could take it for
about two minutes but the poor women just had to endure it for more than 15
minutes. Sometimes some of the women fainted during this treatment as the pain
just grew worse and worse.

   Olga 'only' had to endure it for ten minutes then one of the guards took a
towel and wiped the gel off, but they didn't use any of the antidotes on her
cunt so it continued to burn and sting.

   "We have received new orders for you, Olga! You will have a choice. Sometimes
we use insects for the punishment of the cows. You probably know that bee stings
can be quite painful. We have made a special device for punishing the cows with
bees. It consists of a cunt spreader that really opens the cunt widely giving
plenty of room for filling it with bees. The spreader consists of four
relatively thick wires nicely exposing the sensitive walls of the cunt for the
bees. Using a speculum would hide to much of the cunt walls for the bees. As
long as she keeps her cunt and ass still they don't sting though they really
don't seem to like being trapped in this ugly hole. They are trapped inside
because the cunt is covered with a plate with four tiny holes for the wires and
a transparent lid for adding bees into the cunt. When the cunt is nicely filled
we play a game with the cow that she just loves.

   We place a mirror giving her a clear view into her cunt making her able to
see all her new friends moving around inside her. When this is done we fill her
cunt entirely with bees with a special device made for this purpose and then we
trap them inside her with the transparent lid. We always instruct them not to
piss in order to kill the bees. I'm still not sure if the bees like the smell of
piss or not. Sometimes some of them sting immediately after being trapped inside
the cunt and sometimes they don't. Initially we used to catheter them in order
to prevent them from killing the bees with piss but then we found out that if
they feel they are in danger of dying they try to fight it by stinging and this
is exactly what we want. Therefore we have decided that this will be up to the
filthy cow to decide if she wants to finish it quickly but painfully or she will
try to fight the pail attached becoming heavier and heavier while the water
fills it. The pail is another part of this excellent punishment; she is allowed
to have one arm free but it is chained above her head to a chain running over a
pulley. In front of her the pail is hanging connected to this chain. Her job is
to keep this pail free of the ground. As long as it is empty it isn't too
difficult but as a steady stream of water is filling the pail it will become
quite exhausting as time goes by. If she is able to keep it in position for
fifteen minutes, which means five minutes with the pail full of water we kill
the bees and take them out of her. She will do all she can to achieve this
because an additional string is connected to the pail and this string is
connected to the cunt spreader. This means that if she fails, the cunt spreader
will be removed from her cunt. Can you guess what happens then? Her filthy cunt
closes trapping all these 'kind' bees inside her cunt. Do you think they like
being trapped like this? I don't think I have to tell you too much more save to
add that they become very angry being trapped like this inside an ugly smelling
cunt! It's a kind of funny because normally they just beg us to remove the cunt
spreader as it stresses the cunt to the limit but during this ordeal they
actually want it to remain inside them until their ordeal is over. It's really
exciting to see the reaction if they fail. I guess you can imagine the feeling
when your cunt is filled with these nice fellows and they are suddenly trapped
between the sensitive walls of the cunt? The bees really don't like it and guess
what they do? I bet you would love to hear all this had you not been strapped
like this but right now I can imagine that this makes you scared, as you
probably can imagine that I'm not telling you all this just because I want to?"
the guard said and paused observing her reaction.

   Mistress Olga frantically shook her head and screamed the best she could into
her gag."Doounnnnt dou thoiiis tooou meoee" she desperately begged the guard
trying to make herself understandable though it was very difficult wearing the
gag.

   "The Commandant has been kind to you again! He knows that being chained like
this and remaining this place all of the fourteen days will be extremely
humiliating and degrading for you. Furthermore it will be quite painful as you
will receive the same treatment as these cows during your stay meaning you will
ride the horse if you fail or you will receive between twenty and fifty strokes
with the cane on your bare ass depending on your faults. There will be
absolutely no difference for you and this is just a part of the punishments
carried out this place. Furthermore you will work hard in the fields sixteen
hours a day making you beg for sleep. Finally you will of course sleep like
these filthy sluts meaning you will look so dirty and miserable after these
fourteen days, that you probably can't imagine right now. But I assume a look at
the sluts now gives you an idea of how it will be." The guard said and paused
again.

   Mistress Olga just couldn't believe what she heard. She just considered this
to be her worst nightmare ever but the straps and the tube hurting her back told
her she was not dreaming.

   "The Commandant has been kind offering you two choices. Choice one is as I
have already told you. Choice two will be that we let a bee sting you the most
sensitive spot you have. I guess you can imagine where it is?" he said while
holding a bee caught between the jaws of a pair of tweezers close to her face.

   "As you can't speak you just have to show me one or two fingers. What will it
be? Choice one or two?" he asked her

   Mistress Olga certainly didn't want to remain this place for fourteen days
but she didn't want to have this bee sting her clit as well. Anyway she decided
that choice two would be the best for her though she had to be here each morning
and she would have to work with nurse Heike as her superior in charge. So,
scared out of her mind, she showed two fingers as she dammed well knew how
painful it was going to be for her.

   "Excellent choice. I would have done the same though I don't have a clit but
I actually don't think it would be so different to a dick! Now remain perfectly
still while I part your cunt lips and let our friend does its work. Remember
that if you move too much and it stings you a different place we will have to
use another one!" he instructed her and parted her cunt lips with one hand.

   "Guard! Take her head and remove the breast strap and raise her body. The
Commandant wants her to be able to see what is going on between her legs!" he
said.

   One of the guards quickly did as ordered and soon Mistress Olga had a clear
view of the event. She became white with frights as the bee slowly came closer
to her secret spot.

"Are you ready? Here it comes!" he said and placed the bee on her clit. (see
video clip in the part 7 folder in the group)

   "Auuuuuuuuuuaaaaaaauuuuuuoooooo, noooooooooouuuuuuuuu, mauuuuuuke it
stooouuuuup" Olga screamed.

   "Sorry sweetheart but this is not possible! The poison from the bee sting
will just remain inside your clit and do the work. I can see that it is already
swollen! I'm sorry but I'm only carrying out orders!" the guard said smiling at
her.

   "I think we are through with her. I will replace the slut strap. Then Nurse
Heike is ordered to check if it is tight enough. I bet it is quite interesting
to have the clit knot irritating that sensitive piece of meat! Release her and
let her return to her quarter to clean her cunt. I bet she will clean it well to
remove as much as possible of the remaining gel!" the guard said.

   They released Mistress Olga from the frame and removed the filthy slut
restraints again making it possible for her to stand on her feet again.

   "Now hurry up! Move your ass quickly before the Commandant change his
decision. He is watching you right now in a telescope!" the guard said.

   Mistress Olga almost ran from the place. As she still suffered the pain
between her legs she ran in a award manner making the guards laugh. Then they
all continued with the cows who had not had the choice to leave this awful
place!

Then they all returned to work again. The other cows kept in this place had to
endure the pain combined with the gel for half an hour before the guards wiped
it off with a towel still protecting their hands with the rubber gloves. All
sluts kept their eyes tightly closed during this treatment as they certainly
didn't want to have it in their eyes as well. When finished removing the gel the
handles were relocated and they were turned down again and released. A sharp
stroke with the whip told them to move to their places again. It really was
difficult to crawl back while it felt like the head and private parts were on
fire and pain that just kept on increasing in strength even though the gel had
been removed. Then the next five sluts were ordered up and encouraged to move as
fast as they could with the whips and cattle prods. Once again the air was
filled with horrible screams. Some of the guards really had to rub their secret
places during this work as they just so loved this day of the month.

   After finishing the last cow they ordered them to the fields to take care of
the vegetables for the prison kitchen. It was a quite long way to walk to the
area and the poor women just had to crawl like an animals and take the whips and
cattle prods frequently used the best they could. It was especially hard to
crawl through all the wet areas with mud and water holes making them even
dirtier.

   Upon arrival at the fields they were all ordered to start working with the
vegetables making sure all weeds were removed form the rows of different
vegetables. Each group had their own area of responsibility and the guards were
busily taking care that their field of responsibility was the part with the best
and finest vegetables. As the areas were pretty large this meant that all cows
had to work fast.

   In each area a kind of a summer house with large windows had been located.
This made it possible for the guards to check the sluts while resting. The evil
female guard who loved to abuse the cows, disgusting as they were had planned
something special this day. She had during the past weeks prepared some
interesting equipment in her house. She had got one of the spare beds that were
not anymore.  During the last weeks she had modified this bed and now it was
ready for the first test. She had already chosen the cow for testing it and as
she just couldn't wait to test it she quickly found a reason for taking her to
the house for punishment.

   "You lazy slut! Why are you working that slowly! I have to teach you a
lesson!! Move your filthy ass to my house and you will soon regret!" she cried
out while busily using the whip on her sore ass cheeks.

   "AAAAAuuuuooo, nooooooooooo, I'll work faster! Please no more punishment! I'm
so tired after last night, please show mercy!" she tried.

   "Just do as you are told! Last night was just too easy for you!"

   Soon they were outside the house. The guard had wheeled the bed outside and
placed a ramp on it making it possible for the cow to enter without having to
remove the restraints as this was not allowed unless it was an emergency
situation. A relatively large piece of rubber had been placed on the bed with a
part of it hanging down from the headrest. It had a hole in the middle and a
heavy zipper glued to the edges of the rubber sheet.

   "Remain on all fours. I have some preparations to do!" the female guard said

   From a box she took a steel rod and screwed it tight into an opening on the
back of the cows steel belt.

   "Now turn around and lie down on your back!" she cried out

   The poor woman didn't dare to refuse and she quickly turned around. The guard
screwed a similar steel rod in a slot located on the front of the steel belt.

   "Now you are ready for the fun part. Just remain perfectly still or you will
be sorry! You see this? I just love these specially made toys! It has two nicely
shaped dildos mounted on a vertical curved steel band specially made to fit the
right place. These dildos really are something! They are both covered with nice
tiny spikes, not sharp so they won't do any damages but they really will
irritate your filthy holes. I bet you  will really love the butt dildo as I'm
quite sure your ass hole is a little sore after I filled it with the excellent
gel for hair removing! I think you are ready for insertion!" she said smiling
evilly while ramming the two horrible dildos deep up inside her causing her to
scream again.

   "Don't be a baby! I have greased them with the gel for easier entrance. Sorry
if it hurts!" she said laughing.

   "Now for the best part! This is a electric motor specially made to be mounted
to the two rods keeping the dildos nicely in place! But there is more! The
dildos are more than dildos as you will soon find out. I have modified them just
for you to make it even more interesting for you! I can both add current as well
as I can heat them up! I will use this nice toy to encourage you to do as you
are told! Just imagine how it will be having these two toys of pleasure moving
in and out of your filthy holes while I gradually increase the temperature and
add current! It's just lovely and I'm sure you will do your very best to fulfill
my demands! I will now chain your hands to the front of the belt just to make
sure you won't interfere during your pleasures for you are lucky that I have
chosen you to be the first to test my new toys " she said smiling at the poor
woman.

   "The wires for the tools run out of a hole in the rubber bag. As you are so
disgusting and smelly I will seal your body in this rubber bag making sure your
ugly smell remains inside this bag!" she said while dragging the whole of the
rubber sheet over the woman's head and closing the bag entirely with the heavy
zippers. As the bag was just the size of the woman she had to curl up her body
and when it was entirely zipped and it didn't give her much freedom to move. It
had a kind of rubber collar glued to the bag as well and the smooth rubber just
fitted her neck like a glove. Then the guard used the heavy leather straps to
strap her down to the bed totally immobilizing her body with her head hanging
freely in the air.

   "Now we only need to hide your filthy head then I have a pleasure toy just
ready to make you do as you are told!" she said while dragging a tight fitting
rubber hood with only two holes under the nose for breathing.

   "As your disgusting smell is trapped inside this bag I think you are ready to
be invited inside my house!" she said while wheeling her inside the house. The
bed was wheeled towards a large upright wood plank with a hole at the level of
the head. She had to adjust the level of the bed a little to make her enter. The
bed was locked to the plank and she checked if the bed could move up and down.
Eventually she looked satisfied as the bed was slightly inclined with the
woman's head a little lower than her feet. She connected all wires to a control
box located in font of the wood plank and moved in front of the plank. Now the
purpose of all this could be seen. The front was a nice comfortable chair with a
hole in the middle. In this hole the head of the poor slut could be seen trying
to get enough air through the two tiny holes in the hood. The chair was covered
with smooth rubber as well for easier cleaning.

   "As you are not able to see anything we will make this a game for you. I
think that you in a few seconds will discover what it is all about. Just use
your nose and smell what is going on! I will now adjust these two guidance
planks located on each side of your head to make sure it will remain with your
nose pointing in the direction I want it to." the guard said while adjusting the
planks. Then she undressed and took a seat on the comfortable chair with her
cunt and ass above the head of the woman. Then she pressed a button and the head
rest started to raise the bed making the head of the woman disappear between her
legs. She adjusted her own position so the woman's nose was located at the
entrance of her ass hole.

   "Now use your nose for smelling then, I think you can imagine where it is!"
the guard said laughing clearly excited at the smooth rubber touching her ass
hole while feeling the breath of the woman on her sensitive places. She raised
the bed a little more trapping her nose inside her ass hole almost cutting of
air. She could feel the vacuum produced by the woman frantically trying to get
enough air into her lungs.

   "Ahhhhhhhh, it's difficult to breathe? OK, I lowered it a little in order to
be kind! I don't want you to pass out yet! The fun has just begun!" the guard
said laughing again.

   "Let's try something else! Now guess where your nose is!" she said while
adjusting position making the women's nose disappear between her two cunt lips.

   "Smells good? I bet a pig like you loves this smell! Isn't it lovely that I
can control your breathing just by pressing a button?" she said while moving her
lower parts back and forth making the woman's nose too kind of fuck her.
Breathing became even more difficult as her juices started to flow between her
legs. The guard closed her eyes in excitement almost forgetting to lower the bed
again but the screams from the woman told her that it was time.

   "Let's try the fucking mode!" she said while pressing another button. The
headrest of the bed started to move up and down each time burying the women's
nose deep in her cunt. She couldn't help piss a little just to add to her
discomfort and humiliation.

   "OK, enough nose fucking! Did you like the piss and the piss smell? I bet you
did! I'm sure you are excited and that you will soon beg me to let the dildos
work!" she said laughing again.

   She removed the hood again with a broad smile.

   "Was it as good for you as it was for me?...Won't answer? OK, it doesn't
matter. I think you are ready for some real oral pleasure. Now open wide for
this nice ring gag and we are ready to continue. I really want a nice long fuck
before I explode!" she said and took position again. Now the woman had a clear
view of what was going on. She looked at the cunt and ass placed just above her
head.

   "First I think you need a little refreshment. I have saved some goodies for
you. I will now relieve my bladder in this position and you will drink the best
you can or I will use the dildos! Are you ready? Good!" she said without waiting
for an answer and then she just let go. A stream of piss escaped her cunt and
ran right into the mouth of the poor slut who started to cough, almost choking
in the steady stream of piss entering her mouth.

   "Continue to swallow or you will be sorry!" the guard cried out. Finally her
bladder was empty and the poor woman swallowed the last drop and just remained
silent with her head wet with fresh piss.

   "OK, I think we are ready for some licking. When your dirty mouth touches my
private parts just start licking!" she said while raising the headrest again.
The woman started to lick the best she could, first ass hole then cunt but the
guard wasn't satisfied and she pressed two buttons on the panel.

   "Aaaaaaaaaooouuuuhhhhhhhhhhh, stoooooooop it, its huuuuurrrrting me soooooo
bad!" the woman cried out between the legs of the guard. The operation had
started the motor attached to the dildos making them move in and out her private
holes while current were added as an additional punishment.

   "I think this will teach you a lesson! Now do the best you can!" she said
while stopping it again leaving the woman sobbing as it really felt like her
cunt and ass were on fire. The motor always stopped with the dildos penetrating
as deeply as possible just to make sure she really felt them.

"I think this will do it for now. I'm ready for a real fucking" she said while
producing a rubber hood with a large smooth rubber dildo attached.

   "You see this? This is specially made for the head meaning when firmly in
place you will have a short rod inside your mouth and the long end pointing
outwards just ready to enter my cunt. Furthermore a hole has been drilled at the
middle of the dildo and the dildo is hollow half way up. This means when the
dildo is half way up inside me you can still breathe but after this level the
holes will disappear up inside me cutting of the two holes. Your job will be to
breathe when it is possible and stop breathing when it isn't. We will test how
slow we can do it still making it possible for you to get enough air. I really
think it will be great as I will be able to feel the vacuum and pressure
produced by you in your useless attempt to breathe when it is trapped up inside
me. I really think it will be exciting and I want to test how slow we can go!"
she said smiling.

   Soon the woman was hooded again with the dildo sticking out of her mouth. Her
only opening for breathing was the hole in the dildo. The tip of the dildo was
at a level a little over the seat of the chair. The guard took position again
carefully guiding her cunt over the dildo and the she pressed the button again.
Again the bed started to move up and down first quite quickly making the guard
moan in pleasure as the dildo just moved in and out her cunt. Though it was
difficult it was still possible for the poor slut to get enough air but then the
guard gradually decreased the speed making the dildo remain inside her for
longer and longer.

   "Aoooouuu, it really feels good. I wish you could feel it! It's just
marvelous to feel the vacuum and pressure produced by you in your useless
attempt to get fresh air while the dildo is trapped inside me and then again the
pleasure produced by the rippled surface of the dildo when it moves out again,
it's just great!!!" She said while feeling the desired orgasm slowly build up.

   "aaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuu, yesssssssssssssssssssssss moooooooooooooore" the
guard screamed out and pressed the button stopping the bed with the dildo buried
deep inside her cunt. Her orgasm lasted for several second and the she almost
collapsed totally satisfied.

"mmoouuum, mmOOOOOOuuuuu" could be heard from the poor woman frantically sucking
for air, which was impossible as the dildo still was trapped deep inside the
guards cunt.

   "Oh, sorry sweetie, I almost forgot! Need some air?" the guard said laughing
while pressing the button again lowering the headrest. A hissing sound could be
heard from the woman frantically dragging for air. She had almost passed out
during the guard's orgasm.

   "OK, my worthless cow. This was the first test and I really think I will love
this bed in the future. As you have been quite good at this I think I will
choose you for the next test as well. Maybe I can figure out some new purposes
for making it even more exciting! I will rest for a while and then I will wheel
you out again and release you to go back for your duties. I bet you are sweating
greatly inside your bag but this is your problem not mine!" the guard said
laughing again with a relaxed look at her face after being sexually satisfied at
the expense of the cow.

Add 30, Janet, Janet in the hospital block to 'recover'.

   After my collapse, due to the over enthusiasm of Mistress Olga, I had to rest
and regain my strength for my intensive training regimen to continue. It was a
so called period of 'convalescence' carefully controlled and observed by
Mistress Ilsa herself.

   I had been placed on a moveable bed cage, restrained at my feet, with my
hands shackled at the wrist to the sides of the cage. The usual feeding gag was
still inserted, I was catheterized, burning horribly as it entered but for the
time being at least, I could see and move my head slightly from side to side. I
could also hear the sobs and moans of other females nearby, so I knew that I was
not alone. My urge to pee gradually increased and I realized that the Nurse had
clamped the tube. I could only get some small relief in my bladder. The small
amount of pee that that I had pushed out quickly reached the clamped part of
tube and there was no more room, so I realized that I would have to wait until I
was allowed to pee. The Nurse made sure the catheter was secure by tugging on
it, which cased me to squirm more and tightened the clamp to make certain no
matter what pressure built up, no pee would leak. The tube was about eight
inches outside my cunt and in order to make a neat package, the Nurse stuck the
end of the tube under and up my ass until it coiled tightly from my cunt to my
ass.

   Suddenly, I heard a noise and Mistress Ilsa appeared at my side. "Ah good, I
see you are awake and trying to take notice of what is going on around you. That
must mean that you are feeling better and judging from the recent recordings of
your 'vitals you should be able to return to at least earning your keep, so to
speak, starting tomorrow."

   I wondered whatever she was talking about, I knew that I had passed out, that
I had been moved, but I knew I was completely restrained, still prisoner, and
still very weak. I also knew, only too well, that what Mistress Ilsa was saying,
boded no good news for me!

   With a rather uncharacteristic soft smile on her face she continued. "My dear
Janet, you are now in the Lactation Unit or 'Convalescent Unit' as we like to
call it. Here we encourage suitable sluts, like yourself, with generously sized
udders to produce and express breast milk, which is used by staff members unable
to breast feed their own offspring, so enabling them to make a speedy return to
their own more important duties. You will soon receive the first of many
injections to promote the development and production of your udders, which will
then be regularly milked. Your new life should start tomorrow morning. It's time
to get these udders in shape and working and I'll enjoy giving them my full
treatment. of course you might not enjoy it as much," Mistress Ilsa casually
remarked, squeezing her tit hard and chuckling to herself.

   I groaned inwardly, a new humiliating phase of my ghastly existence was about
to begin. Almost immediately after Mistress Ilsa left, a young Nurse appeared
with a kidney dish containing a syringe full of some milky fluid, which she
proceeded to inject painfully into my naked breasts. This painful procedure
continued throughout the day at regular intervals. I was allowed to pee and was
then placed on my back and again restrained. By morning my breasts felt tight,
hot and extremely sensitive and I was bursting for a pee.

   Soon Mistress Ilsa made her inevitable appearance accompanied by the duty
Nurse. The catheter tube was pulled from my ass, the clamp released and I sighed
with relief as the dam burst and the contents of my bladder emptied itself into
a plastic container. The top of my bed cage was then raised and I was released
and ordered to kneel. I knelt on all fours and felt the Nurses hands connect
firm, plastic cones over the nipples of my pendant, throbbing breasts and
strapping them on tight and fastening them securely behind my back. Next she
took a pack and placed it on the straps on my back and connected some tubing. It
turned out that the pack she put on my back must have been a portable pump,
because she did something and the cones tightened even more tightly around my
breasts. The suction was not bad at first but after a time I felt the discomfort
of the cones increase along with the pressure of the suction which pulled my
hardening nipples out, making the whole areola and nipple sensitive.

   "Put the hood on her, Nurse," ordered Mistress Ilsa
 
   The Nurse pulled out a slightly wet leather hood and a blow dryer and making
sure I saw them, temporarily disconnecting my feeding gag. I could only wonder
why the blow drier. She attached the collar band of the hood around my neck
before pulling the hood over my face and head. The hood had an opening for my
nose and mouth but covered both my eyes and ears. After reconnecting the feeding
gag, the Nurse then started lacing up the hood at back of my head. Linda. The
damp leather felt cold and clammy against my face and as the Nurse laced the
back it started to press against my eyes and ears.

   "Make sure it is laced tight, no gaps in the back, Nurse," ordered Mistress
Ilsa.

   As the Nurse pulled the hood even more tightly together at the back, it now
felt like I had a second skin. Then she turned on the blow dryer, full speed and
as the leather dried it tightened around my head even more. I was beginning to
feel very uncomfortable to say the least and could not help moaning as the hood
tightened. It did not take long before I started to sweat from the heat of the
hood and blow dryer which made me feel even more uncomfortable.

   "Look at it this way little cow," I heard Mistress Ilsa in a muffled voice,
"one plus for you is that you won't have to take any big cocks in your mouth
while you are wearing this hood"

   What an extraordinary sense of reasoning this incredible woman had, I thought
to myself, knowing that things were soon to get a lot worse. Anticipation was
worse sometimes than just discomfort or pain and now I was beginning to get very
afraid of what lay in the future, all the more so now That I was blind, gagged
and with reduced hearing.

   "Umphhhh" I was beginning to have trouble breathing was now very
uncomfortable. I had to breathe in shorter breaths, I just couldn't totally fill
my lungs. Mistress inspected the Nurses work and nodded her approval. Janet was
quite a sight with her udders hanging pendant and swollen, the black leather
hood encasing her head.

   Then the ghastly injections started again and I felt a needle prick in my
neck and knew that Mistress Ilsa had ordered her to be injected with a blocker
which would make sure I was conscious the whole time.

   "There we can't have you pass out in the middle of your treatment. This
blocker will last for a couple of hours and we should be done by then I would
think," remarked Mistress Ilsa

   "What do you think little cow, are you ready to get started?"

   "Umph," I mumbled through my feeding gag

   "I guess that means yes. Cows are always so eager to get started. I hope you
remember what your udders looked like before because when I'm finished with them
they will have a brand new look," chuckled Mistress Ilsa.

   "Since you can't see anything I will tell you what I'm doing. You will of
course feel everything. First we need to put some irritant on your nipples so
that they swell up a bit. This won't hurt them but they will be easier to work
with".

   I felt the cones being removed and something being dabbed all over my
nipples. The burning was intense. My nipples were on fire and started to swell
even more. Mistress Ilsa then started pulling on my nipples causing me more
intense pain.

   "Agggghhhh" I tried to scream but the hood had tightened to the point where
what with the feeding gag couldn't open her mouth, otherwise I would have
screamed at the top of my lungs.

   "Your nips are swelling nicely little cow. Now we need to start enlarging
your udders even more. How large would you like them? I have this wonderful
solution that when injected into the udders will swell them and then your body
will break it down into fat. Not like saline that just swells them temporarily.
I think it would be best to only fill them up to a 38D this session then let the
body create the fat. That sound good to you cow?"

   "ummmpphh," I replied.

   "Yes. I know you cows always want them bigger than that. You're not happy
with less than 40DD udders. You need to understand that the skin stretches much
slower than the body makes fat so we can't make them to big today. They would
explode. Hahahaha," Mistress Ilsa laughed at her own joke.

   I just sobbed at this inside hood. I didn't want 40DD tits. They would look
gross on my slender frame. I braced myself, I had an idea what was coming and it
would be painful.

   "Soon after several treatments your wish will be granted," sneered Mistress
Ilsa. "now lets start. You'll feel the long needle going in through your nipple.
Just relax and enjoy".

   "Ummmggghh," I groaned again

   The Nurse got the first syringe out and filled it with the drug and handed it
to Mistress Ilsa. It had a 4 inch long needle allowing her to push it in to the
base of Linda's tit. This was the fun part, the needle going in wasn't that
painful but when she started injecting the fluid as she very slowly pulled the
needle out again, it was very painful.

   Not only did the fluid inflate the tit, it also burned like hell. The
stretching of the skin wouldn't add any comfort either. Now she was ready to
inject the other tit. Janet would really suffer now. Mistress Ilsa picked up
Janet's left nipple and gave it a squeeze, clamping it between her thumb and
index finger she pushed the needle in with her other hand. She pushed it in
slowly until the whole needle was in. She wiggled the syringe a little to make a
tiny space around the tip of the needle. Satisfied the needle was in place she
dropped Janet's tit with the syringe attached. She repeated the sequence on her
right tit. Janet now had two large syringes dangling from her nipples.

   "I thought you might enjoy having both your udders swell at the same time
cow".
  
   I was sweating from the hood and from the fear. The needles had hurt badly
and I could feel them in my tits. My nipples burned like fire and even the
lightest touch hurt badly. There was no need to hurry thought Mistress Ilsa,
I'll allow the cow to get the full benefit from the treatment. She picked up the
left syringe and started slowly injecting the fluid at the same time pulling the
needle out slightly. After the needle was out the first inch, she turned to the
right tit and did the same thing. She alternated between the two tits. Until
both syringes were empty. Janet's tits started to swell as they were filled with
the nasty fluid.

   I could feel my tits swell and the skin stretch. At first it was just
discomfort after the agony of the insertion of the needle but it was soon
replaced by a horrific burning pain. I tried to toss my head around head and let
go my pee but had no luck with either. I did manage a slightly louder scream,
however, this time.

   "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE"

   It felt as though I had burning coals in my tits.

  "What a lovely voice you have little cow. Your udders are swelling up nicely.
You are probably a 38B already. One more round and you should reach a 38D today.
Of course we have more work to do before you're done for today."
  
   My tits were really swelled and now looked like two very large oranges. I was
sweating all over and Mistress Ilsa knew she felt like she was in hell. The
burning would lessen as time wore on but it would last for at least a week
before the fluid was converted to fat. She would have to adjust the rings at the
base of her udders to accommodate 38D's. Otherwise the udders would take on an
ugly shape. Mistress Ilsa filled two more syringes and went to work. This time
she filled one at a time since she needed to distribute the fluid evenly in the
udder. When both udders were filled she adjusted the ring to a 38D and again
they fitted snugly.
  
   "AAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH," I howled the
whole time during the last two fillings, I just couldn't help it. Having the
rings adjusted helped a tiny bit but a fire was burning inside my excruciatingly
painful udders.

   I finally thought of them as udders now, rather than tits or breasts. They
seemed as though they woern't mine anymore.

   "These udders are going to be lovely; they are really swelling up nicely. Any
more today and the skin would break. Don't worry though, my dear Janet, you'll
have your wish, just not today. Two or three more sessions should do it though.
I'll enjoy that. I had such a lovely orgasm watching you. Now for your
nipples!".

   My heart sank as I heard these words, I couldn't take anymore. I was thirsty
and needed to pee very badly. My bladder was starting to give her cramps.

   "I bet you are thirsty little cow. I'll give you a drink and even let you pee
before we start on the nips"

   "Nurse, see to the cow while I have a break".

   "Yes Mistress," replied the Nurse dutifully.

   The Nurse went moved to get a small tube and a squirt bottle that was filled
with water mixed with some hormones. The drug would help the body convert the
fluid into fat without burning off too much of the fat. She put the tube between
Janet's lips and in small squirts fed the mixture to her. Janet drank eagerly
even if there was a slightly bitter taste to the water. The Nurse also placed a
pot between her legs and pulled the tube ending from her ass, releasing the
clamp.

   "Piss cow. You have a minute before I clamp it again," she announced

   I didn't need an order to do that, I let my bladder go as soon as the clamp
was released. At least that would give some relief in my body, I thought.

   The Nurse finished the bottle-feeding, removed the tube from my mouth,
clamped the tube in my cunt and put it back in my ass as before.

   "The cow is ready Mistress," she announced

   "Had a nice break cow? Ready for your nips to be stretched and filled?" asked
Mistress Ilsa.

   "Ummppgghh"

   "This won't be as much fun as your udders had, but we have to get them bigger
if you are to milk properly".

   Mistress Ilsa got a smaller syringe and filled it with the same liquid. She
pushed the needle into the left nipple first clamping the base of the nipple,
she filled it, then quickly put a tube over the nipple and pumped the air out of
the tube. This stretched the nipple into the vacuum in the tube. Janet's left
nipple was now swollen, burning, filled and stretched. The tube would be left on
until the swelling went down. The nipple procedure would be done every other
day, as the vacuum in the tube would gradually release, so a new tube would need
to be attached. Mistress Ilsa then repeated the same procedure on the right
nipple. Janet howled and screamed the whole time. Her already abused and
sensitive nipples were being brutalized even more. Mistress Ilsa started
massaging both udders to make sure the fluid was evenly spread in them and so
they wouldn't be misshaped but nice, round and hard standing straight out with
no sagging. Again Janet howled the whole time since even the lightest touch felt
like someone was stoking the fire in her udders. (see pics of breast treatment
devices in the group)

   "You sing so pretty little cow I might bring you to my room tonight and give
a long nice relaxing udder massage. Wouldn't you like to sing for your
Mistress"?

   "AAAGGHHH"

   "Almost done. Two more shots of hormones and you'll be ready for the night".

   Mistress Ilsa then gave her two shots in her upper arm. For once there was no
additional pain that was much like a regular flu shot. Janet was grateful for
small mercies.

   "In case you wonder cow, the last shot will induce milk so you can start
milking as soon as your udders are ready. If you are a poor milker we might have
to breed you to get the milk going. I'm sure we can find a nice bull for you
somewhere".

   Janet cried. No tears came the hood was too tight for that but her eyes
watered. She finally understood what a cow slave meant. She was a woman no
longer just an animal to these people.

   "Let's secure the cow for the night".

   I was released from the table and yanked to my feet by the Nurse, then led to
another part of the room. I was told to bend over and lean on what felt like a
wide sling. Chains were attached to my ankle cuffs and my legs were pulled out
from under her. I now hung horizontally in midair. My torso resting on the
sling, my legs still spread by the rod between my legs. My udders hung down
pointing straight at the floor. Another chain attached to the back of the hood
and held my head up. A tube was stuck in my mouth and secured with tape. A butt
plug inserted and inflated so I couldn't push it out.

   "You won't need your ass hole for the next few days, so you have been
plugged," announced Mistress Ilsa, "this will help to stretch your ass hole as
well. If you suck on the tube in your mouth you will get water, which will have
nutrients added instead of food. The Nurse on duty will feed you once a day with
a specially prepared mixture, which will both keep you from starving and help
your growth. Someone will stop by every four hours and let you pee. I will
inspect you every day and make sure you are growing right and maybe hear a
little song from you. Your udders will burn until the fluid has been converted
to fat, which should take about two weeks. By that time you should be starting
to get some milk too. Then I'll come for you and we do this all over again. I
can't wait and I know you feel the same way little cow".

   "UMMGGGHH" Janet could make no other sound.

   "Enjoy your new home cow it is only temporary but you'll be hanging around
here for the next few weeks".

   The Nurse chuckled at Mistress Ilsa's little joke. I didn't find it funny at
all. I was in severe pain, my whole body hurt. There would be no relief any time
soon, but I just did not have any more tears. I was completely broken I just
suffered in silence.




Hi friends of Janet's Ordeal

PLEASE READ THIS INTRODUCTION CAREFULLY AS I DESPERATELY NEED A CO-AUTHOR TO BE
ABLE TO CONTINUE THESE STORIES.

Here is part 8 of the story, but before we move on to the story I have to tell
all of you some sad news.

Janet has, due to some personal problems, had to tell me that she can't continue
with writing these exciting role-plays together with me. It is not an
overreaction as she has had these problems for some time so she has been
thinking carefully about all this.

I don't think it will be possible for me to continue this writing without a
female co-writer to challenge me from time to time and to introduce new ideas as
well. I think you'll all agree with me when claiming that our sweet Janet really
has added some exciting and brand new aspects into this story. This has been my
reason for continuing as I always have loved to play like this during the
writing and as she could tell me if I was about to leave the track making the
story boring with no new ideas.

All this has made it necessary for me to reconsider and to make a new plan. For
this plan I need some help from one or more of the female readers. I will try to
explain.

As our sweet Janet won't be able to provide us with more exciting adds I have
decided to write one more part for Janet's Ordeal, which will be the final part
making an end to the story. Both Janet and I are of course sorry it has to end
like this but sometimes you have to make decisions you don't like.

I hope some of you will write some reviews for Janet as I really think she has
done an excellent job during this project and deserves some final words after
all she has done for you.

All this leads me to the plan I have made for the future. If you want Master
Mick to continue writing for this site I desperately need a woman ready to be my
co-writer in a new role-play!! I have already written the first chapter for a
new play, which I originally wrote for our sweet Janet but as she won't be able
to participate in a new play I need a new woman to help me in this. I prefer a
sub for the writing, but as this play is written for a sub who has a need to be
a domme as well, it can be a woman who likes fantasies about being both a sub as
well as being a domme. I can even adjust the plot for the new role-play in order
to make it reflect the desire of a woman who only wants to be a domme.

Concerning the new role-play I can tell you that the background is a secret
castle located far away from cities and population to avoid any interference to
what is taking place in this castle as nobody except the chosen ones know what
really is really happening. Inside the castle a crowd of 'poor' females has been
trapped. They have all been kidnapped and they are kept in this castle against
their will. The castle is a place for perverted sadistic women and men to have
'fun' with these 'poor' sluts. There is no limit, except killing so the sluts
are trained extremely hard in order to be able to fulfill the wishes of these
sadistic women and men who visit. Before they are approved to work with the
customers, they are put through some really cruel training in order to produce a
complete dossier describing their particular specialties and their limits, to
give the customers an idea of what to expect.

This is a brief description of the background for this new role-play. I have
planned to make a group for this role-play as well making it possible to upload
exciting stories, pics and clips illustrating the role-play. I really hope that
it will be possible to find one or more women ready to be a part of this, as I
don't think it will be possible for me to do it alone. It is more fun being
challenged during the development of the plot, as you never know in which
direction the play will lead. Furthermore it is easier to make sure that the
role-play does not become boring for the readers, if there are two or more
writing it. I will end this letter by clarifying what I need:

- First I need one or more women prepared to write (I prefer subs or women who
would like to be both sub and domme, but if you are a true domme and you are
interested, I suggest you send me a letter anyway as it might be possible to
adjust the play to reflect this as well). The ordeals endured by the 'sluts'
will not be very different from the ordeals in 'Janet's Ordeal' meaning that
really hard treatment of captive females must be a turn on for you.

- Second I will be happy if some women who are ready to be slaves in this
role-play will write me a letter. It is more fun being cruel to 'real' females
than it is to write it as pure fiction. I have done it for about four women in
Janet's Ordeal and I really think they loved to read the chapters including
their names, so that they could identify with the slut who had to go through the
'kind' and 'caring' treatment....smile.

If you are a female and you love Janet's Ordeal then please think carefully
about my suggestion as I really hope it will be possible to find one or more
females ready to be co-writer in this role-play. If it means something to you I
will even include you as an author meaning your name will be written together
with my name when introducing the story. Remember that if it is possible to find
more women interested it will mean less work and more pleasure, as we all will
write pages for the story.

Furthermore I hope I will be able to find some 'real' women ready to be
kidnapped and transferred to this cruel place. I will of course ask the women
who have been a part of 'Janet's Ordeal' as I believe they want to be included
in a new play uploaded on this site.

If you are a woman and you are interested in being a co-writer in this new
role-play then write a letter to mickni2000@icqmail.com and tell me briefly
about your desires. Furthermore I will be happy if some women who are interested
in being slaves in this role-play will also send me a letter as well and tell me
about their desires. Then I will do what I can to include you. I promise to
reply to all letters no matter what the outcome is.

Finally I hope that some of you who have applied for joining the group will
write the review needed for joining as well as I hope old and new readers do it
and that you will think about our sweet Janet when writing it as I really think
she deserves it. Remember to tell me the review-name, the email-name and the
email address if your review name is different from the email name if you have
applied for joining the group. Otherwise it is impossible for me to find out
when checking the list with pending members.

I think this will do it. I really hope it will be possible to commence a new
play very soon.

Take care.......

Mick

And now for what you have all been waiting for. Janet and I proudly present


 Janet's Ordeal, part 8.



Part 8 Add 31, Mick,   Nurse Heike is in charge for the sluts in the training
cages.

   Mistress Olga was not used to rising so early, but she knew she had to obey
the Commandants orders or worse would befall her. So she hurriedly rose, dressed
and set out to report as ordered to assist in the early training of the new
sluts. Meanwhile Nurse Heike walked to the training block with one of the new
nurses in training.

    "From now on and at least for the next fourteen days you only report to me
and all orders concerning the treatment of the sluts will come from me. Is that
understood?" she said to the young nurse. The nurse was a quite normal woman not
much more than twenty three years old. She was quite excited to participate in
this though she was a little scared as well, as she had heard some rumors
concerning the punishment of staff who didn't meet the expectation of the
Commandant.

   "Sure, it's no problem. But why is it you and not Mistress Olga? Why is she
not in charge right now?" she asked.

   "You will soon find out!! You must understand that any lack of obedience to
your superiors in this place means punishment and that goes for the staff as
well as the inmates. But as long as you just do as you are told to do you will
have no problems at all. We all find it really exciting to do this work as I am
sure you will too. I bet that during the first couple of weeks you will have
your panties constantly soiled, greasy and smelly" nurse Heike said smiling at
her. She really liked this young nurse. She was like clay in her hands to mould.
If she did exactly as she was told and she really understood that Heike was in
command, she would do well.

  "Well, here we are. Our first duty of the day is to take care of the sluts in
the training area for training proper bowel and bladder control and to learn to
maintain exhausting positions for extended periods. I think they are looking
forward to seeing us as we are a little late this morning. Normally they are
scheduled to relieve their bladders one hour earlier, but it really doesn't
matter. They just have to learn to control it!!! I'm quite sure that especially
one of the sluts is in severe trouble if she has not already failed but we will
soon find out" Heike said with a broad smile at her face.

   She took her Master key and opened a heavy steel door and they both entered
the block together. The smell was really strong, almost making they gag and the
young nurse really seemed to have trouble withstanding this awful smell. It was
the smell of old piss and shit and it really did was putrid. Nurse Heike
actually loved this smell, not because she had a desire for scat but because she
just knew well the reason why it smelt like this. She switched on the light
revealing a row of tiny cages all placed on a kind of frame keeping them about
one meter above the floor. The floor of each cage was only one by one meters
making it extremely uncomfortable to be trapped inside them. Inside each cage
save for one, the woman was sitting in an exhausting position, as the cages were
too small for a woman to either lie down or stand. They just had to curl up
their body in order to fit into the cage. The look at their faces clearly
indicated that they had difficulty doing this and their hands were clenched in a
fist as well as the toes pressing against the grating that served as the floor
of the cage. A closer look at the cages made it obvious why they had been placed
above the floor. Hinged to one end of the floor is a spiked plate that can be
raised up into the cage until it reaches a locking device that locks it in
position against the steel bars of the cage floor. The only place free of the
tiny spikes is a small area located left and right on the plate. This area makes
it possible for the slut trapped inside to place her feet on surface without
spikes, by keeping her legs as widely spread as the size of the cage allows.
When the spiked floor is raised she has to sit in an exhausting squatting
position with legs wide apart, which becomes steadily more and more
uncomfortable as time goes by due to the unavoidable cramps which she will soon
feel. If she fails to do this, she will find herself sitting on the painful
spikes so 'encouraging' her to get into position again. As they sometimes have
trouble regaining position they have been harnessed and chains are connected to
a winch above the cage making it possible to raise them into position again.
They will not be on the spikes for more than five minutes before they are lifted
free again. When sitting in squatting position again the winches release.  If
they fail to sit correctly, it is counted as well but this doesn't mean further
punishment as sitting on the spikes is considered to be punishment enough. But
this isn't all. Under the cage floor is another evil looking device. It's a half
circle shaped triangular steel device with a dildo increasing in size the more
it enters. It is welded to a long rod with a lot of holes drilled into. The rod
is located in a hollow steel tube, which makes it possible to adjust the size of
the plug by locking the steel rod at different lengths using the row of holes.
Each hole has a number and when taking a closer look at each plug it can be seen
that they haven't been located in the same hole. Furthermore some cables have
been attached to it. As the tiny cages don't give much freedom to move, it won't
be possible to avoid the plug when it enters either the cunt or ass hole due to
the guidance system mounted on it.

  On the side of each cage a paper is placed with some data written on it. It's
the data describing the training regimen of each slut. During the initial tests
the ass hole is tested to establish which size plug the slut can take as a
beginning without doing any permanent damage to her ass hole and guts. It's only
a number and these numbers are the same as the numbers written on the rods. The
nurse reads Coral's data. She is a size seven and the comments for her are that
she has a very tight ass hole that needs further training in order to take the
big cocks during backdoor fucking. Furthermore it tells something about her
health condition:   Will be ready within schedule: Yes   Pain limit: still low
but increasing   Bowel control: good, no problems until now.   Bladder control:
poor, failed 4 times   Mental condition: good   Squatting training: has failed
twice, but present training level is good.   Horse riding: within schedule,
collapse once in the initial phase but no serious troubles after this.   Overall
condition: Fair   Final comments: The slut is in a good health condition. She
complains a lot but she has not yet shown any signs of real problems.   The
nurse read the counters for plug in ass, plug in cunt, horse riding and
squatting.

   Coral was a sweet looking woman with long dark blond hair and two lovely
looking green eyes. She was 168 centimeters tall and weighed 55 kilos. She had a
nice trim figure with cup C breasts and a shaven cunt. She really was a woman
that was pleasing for any man to have as his woman or slave as seemed to be her
fate right now. Furthermore she had been pierced in both cunt lips. As the
piercing was newly done it still caused her some pain. During the piercing they
had told her that this was only the beginning, as they had planned to pierce her
clit and nipples as well and maybe even her septum  in order to really  make her
look like a pain and pleasure slave.

    "Oh slut coral, you are two behind concerning ass training. You only have
one more to go before you will receive further punishment. How can this be? Is
it causing you troubles?

    "I caoon't taauaakke aannyomore, pleeeeaooooasse!!!" Coral said trying to
make her understood, though she was gagged with the tight fitting feeding gag.

    "Always complaining like a child!! You really have a lot to learn before we
can continue with you. You have difficulties sitting in the ordered position,
you have pissed on the floor four times making me think about using a diaper on
you after this training and you can't take the dildo in your ass though we have
carefully measured the size of your ass hole and additionally we have chosen a
size 8 instead of size 9 just to be kind and let you get used to it before we
increase to the desired size. You must understand that we have to train your ass
hole well, otherwise it will cause you severe troubles when you are multiple
backdoor fucked during one of the parties or if we reward the guards with a
fucking whore for the night. But I will be kind and decrease to a size 7 but
then I expect you to use both holes for the plug the next three times or you
will receive further punishment!! Is that understood?" nurse Heike asked in her
commanding tone.

    "Yyyyeeeas!! Thauaank yooou Miistreees!" slut Coral said clearly relieved
though it meant three times backdoor plug during the training of the day. She
would rather do this than take it one size larger. Then she just hoped her ass
hole would be loosened making it easier to take the required size of the plug,
she still hoped so badly that this evil treatment would end as quickly as
possible.

   "But everything costs!!!!" nurse Heike said and continued "As we have to be
kind to you we will not be able to release you from this excellent cage within
schedule. Your schedule will be changed meaning you will have an additional
three days in it. But as you seem to love being locked inside it, I really don't
think it will distress you too much, eh? Maybe you will be even grateful that we
allow you to live inside her 'comfy' cage for some more time" she said while
laughing and changing the schedule on Coral's file.

   Each slut has a file like this advising the nurse exactly what her regimen is
to be during this training is. Furthermore there are three counters mounted
beside the cages with three signs attached, named cunt, ass and riding. During
the riding of the 'horse' the slut can choose if she will have the plug in her
ass or cunt. But she is not allowed to choose cunt every time as she is supposed
to train her ass as much as the cunt. If she is more than three times behind in
the ass she will be punished though some would claim that being locked into
these cages should be more than enough. Furthermore a timer has been connected
to the system counting how long she rids the 'horse' with all her weight. If she
doesn't have all her weight on the 'horse' during the riding period for at least
five minutes then the counter for riding will not register. Then she will have
to do it twice the next time she rides and three times the third time. She is
only allowed to be three times behind in order not to receive further
punishment.

    "Morning worthless sluts! Have you all had a pleasant night? I bet you are
happy to see me! " nurse Heike cried out addressing all the women trapped inside
the cages and she continued, "I have this young nurse in training with me and
she will do almost all the work this morning in order to practice. Nurse will
you please open the ass exposure lids in the cages. I want to inspect the inside
of the sluts before they are allowed to piss!! I'm sure they can wait until then
as they all know what it means to piss without permission" she said laughing
loudly

   "Sure, can I have the master key for doing it?" she asked

    "No, I never let anyone have this key. Take the respective key in the key
box. I have already opened it. "

   The young nurse took the key and opened a lid at the side of each cage. When
this was done nurse Heike's commanding voice was heard.

    "Put your filthy asses out of the holes and stand at attention until new
orders are given to you!!!" she cried out

   Standing at attention meant putting the ass as far out as it could go with
the back in an upright, but inclined at a 30 degree angle with heads pressing
against the wall of the cage. They were not able to use their hands as they had
been strapped to the sides with a broad leather belt around the waist. It really
caused some of them great discomfort as they all had an urgent need to piss.
Some of them actually did let go a few drops causing them great difficulty in
cutting off again. A few droops were acceptable but not more, if they didn't
want to spend the night in a much more unpleasant place if it was possible, but
it actually was as the young nurse would discover a little later. Both nurses
then put on a pair of latex gloves as the sluts really were filthy.

   While preparing for the morning check of these sluts the heavy steel door was
opened and inside the room stepped Mistress Olga in her 'nice and comfortable'
dress. She moaned a little due to the pain caused by the strap and the bra as
well as the nausea caused by the gag, which she still had difficulty
controlling.

   "There you are. You came just in time to relieve your bowel and bladder
together with these sluts. I bet you are as filled as they are!! Then you can
help collecting their piss for the tank. Just take position beside cage one
while we inspect the sluts. Young nurse, come here.  I will now show you what we
check during this inspection. Then I have planned a little meeting for you. When
the two of us alone so I can tell you what I expect of you during the next
fourteen days. I bet you had a pleasant morning inspection together with the
filthy sluts. I can see you have lost some hair! " nurse Heike said smiling at
her. She just loved to see this bitch in a condition like this.

   Though Mistress Olga had douched for half an hour she still felt like the
cunt was on fire after the awful gel they had poured all over her private parts
causing all her female hair between the legs to fall off. It wasn't that bad now
but it still hurt and the awful crotch strap didn't make it better but she
decided that she better replaces it again after her douche. But her deeply red
and swollen clit really did cause her problems. The bee sting really had done
its work making it feel like it was the size of an apple filled with blood to
the bursting point making it hurt even more. Additionally the knot did irritate
for each step she took, it did even irritate when she remained still as it just
continued to add pressure to her sore swollen clit. Normally she just loved when
it was swollen as this always meant pleasure but right now she would love if it
didn't contain any blood at all. She had never felt anything as painful as this
even when she during her youth had her arm severely broken after and accident
but right now she had the feeling that the pain from this was like the pleasure
from an orgasm compared to the pain she did suffer in her clit right now. She
was sure nurse Heike wouldn't forget to lock the crotch into place before she
was allowed to leave for her quarters again. She just hoped she would not notice
that she had attached it relatively loose; not causing that much discomfort
between the legs though it still was quite painful due to the burning and
stinging between her legs.

    They both approached the first cage and Heike stepped in a position behind
the exposed ass with Mistress Olga standing in the background.

    "You see, we have to check the cunts and asses each morning in order to make
sure no infection has started to grow both outside and inside the sluts. It's
quite entertaining to do it as they are in great discomfort right now and they
feel so humiliated being forced to expose their filthy cunt and ass like this.
Furthermore you can see that the inclined back gives us access to their breasts
as they are hanging freely in the air with nipples just begging to be squeezed
between two fingers if you feel for it. First of all you have to accept the
awful smell. I actually love it as I know why it smells like this. They just
deserve to be treated like this!! Now look! You put on the gel and start with
the cunt. Pull it widely open giving you a clear view of the cleft and the
inside of the cunt. Just continue to pull on the lips until you can see what you
want to see. Don't listen to their begging. They always do this. Sometimes you
really have to gag them tight in order to have peace for your work." Heike said
while taking the cunt lips between two fingers with the left and right hand
separating them a far as it was possible. The woman moaned in pain while she
desperately tried to hold back in order not to piss on the hands of the nurse.
She knew that well what a mistake like that would mean for her!!

    "Very well! All looks good and now for her ass hole!! You always have to
start with the cunt and end with the ass. Otherwise there is a danger of
infection as some females are very sensitive to shit in the cunt. Just ask
Doctor Hans. He has made several tests concerning this. I can tell you about
this test later if you want to hear about it." Heike told the young nurse while
pressing three fingers up in the ass. Then she put two fingers from each hand up
as far as they could go and opened the asshole.

    "Sometimes I use a speculum but today I show you how we do it without a
speculum. Pew!! Look at this!! Just soiled like a pig!!! How will we ever be
able to make this hole a hole of pleasure if she continues to soil it like this?
But I will show you later how this is done. We have a various selection of
enemas to take care of this. Some of the solutions used for the enemas are
perfumed making her filthy asshole smells like a bunch of flowers. You see we
have so many ways to make these sluts attractive though it right now might seem
hopeless to you. But it is like with children; they must learn to crawl before
they can walk and as they are not scheduled to any sexual service before we
approve them it is no problem to let them remain filthy and disgusting like the
pigs just love! We just have to use protection dresses in order not to soil
ourselves with their filthy waste then I think it is OK to let them have the
pleasure combined with being as dirty and disgusting as they love to be!"  Nurse
Heike sneered clearly indicating her disgust.

    "You have seen how to do the inspection, now it is your turn and I will be
there supervising you!... and Olga you just remain behind us and watch how it
has to be done. I have never been satisfied with your performance during these
checks but I think you will learn as I have at least fourteen days to teach you"
Nurse Heike ordered.

     They finished inspecting the sluts. Nurse Heike supervised the young nurse
during her first inspection and as she was satisfied with her performance they
both continued inspecting the rest of the poor inmates. Some of them really had
to use all their strength to keep from peeing especially when they opened their
cunts for inspection but none of them failed to control themselves this morning,
though one of the sluts did leak a little but not enough to be punished for it.
It just proved that their training was working, seeing that they could piss a
little and then stop the flow again, clearly indicating that they were improving
their bladder control.

   When nurse Heike came to the last cage she stopped and looked at it. The cage
door was open and no woman was trapped inside the cage.

   "Ooohhh, I almost forgot! We have one slut in punishment for failing the
riding. Our sweet Singapore slut Jinny failed yesterday by using this ridiculous
excuse that she just couldn't take it anymore in her filthy ass. She had not
taken the ass plug as required, meaning she has failed three times. Now she is
punished for it. Come with me and I will show how we punish this misbehavior!"
she said to the young nurse.

   Jinny was a good looking Asian beauty in her middle twenties. She had a
pretty figure maybe a little thin as she only weighed 46 kilos though she was
168 centimeters tall. She had a pretty looking face with bright eyes. Right now
it was difficult to have a clear view of her face. Furthermore her shaved cunts,
usually done with the sluts and her cup A breasts were hidden as well. Jinny had
left Singapore but she had certainly not planned to finish up in this prison.
She had planned to have a nice life, but now she was trapped in this horrible
prison where everything seemed so hopeless not knowing how long she would have
to stay. All she had been told was that she would not be killed but sometimes
she felt like it would be better if she was. But she still hoped so badly that
this awful treatment someday would end and she would have her life back again,
not being controlled all the time and having to endure all this terrible pain
just to amuse these evil people.

   "Hi my worthless little slut! Have you had a pleasant night? I bet you are
happy that you don't wear the gag during your stay in the tank. This makes it
much easier for you to have a large sip of this nice tasting fluid! Oh, how it
smells! I bet this has taught you a lesson about being more careful to meet our
requests in the future! I hope you have slept well and that you have managed to
keep your filthy bowel and bladder closed but we will soon find out!" she said
smiling at the woman

   The poor slut had surely not had a pleasant night. She was submerged in a
tank filled with piss. The tank was circular just the size for a woman to sit
with her legs bent.  Above the floor an additional plate had been placed, fitted
with four chains connected to a lifting device making it possible to adjust the
height of the tank off the floor. Furthermore two upright steel rods had been
welded inside the tank. The lid closing the tank had bars welded to it meaning
the victim trapped inside the tank could be inspected from the outside through
the bars. A few inches from the top of the tank a hole had been drilled and from
this hole a tube ran to a drain in the floor. Furthermore another tube had been
located inside the tank and from this a steady stream of piss was continuously
running making sure the tank was always filled with piss up to the drain. The
harness that all inmates kept in this area wore was equipped with four rings at
the side with a short connecting strap, two located at waist level and two
located at shoulder level. Their hands were strapped to the sides of the tight
fitting waist belt of the harness making it impossible for them to use their
hands. When the victim was submerged into the tank the rings were guided over
the steel rods making the slut sit in an upright position while submerged. Then
she is submerged into the tank and the adjustable floor is adjusted to a level
that only makes it possible to keep her head above the surface if she keeps her
neck bent backwards. Then the lid is closed and the top of the steel rod goes
through two holes in the lid trapping her in this position until they lift her
free of the surface again. It's really disgusting and humiliating being trapped
like this. Furthermore it is extremely exhausting as the poor woman becomes very
stiff in the neck as time passes and she has problems keeping her head in
position when she falls asleep through utter exhaustion, suddenly awaking when
her mouth fills with this disgusting piss as she fails to keep her head in the
correct position.

   Nurse Heike enjoyed her struggles to keep her head above the surface for a
while and then she put on a pair of rubber gloves and a plastic coat  as she
didn't want to soil herself with the piss while lifting her free of the tank.
She unlocks the lid and opened it and looked at the begging eyes of the woman
just screaming for release. Then she pushed a button and the noise of a winch
could be heard. Slowly the woman was raised free of the tank dripping of piss
clearly relieved that her ordeal in this tank was over. Her body was steaming as
the piss was heated to body temperature in order to make the stay possible,
otherwise the victim would freeze to death. The steam from her body did fill the
air with even more of this disgusting piss smell. It really did smell awful as
this tank contained piss from weeks meaning it really had this foul smell of old
urine. Nurse Heike just seemed to love the smell as she knew it really was
extremely hard for the soul of any woman to be totally submerged in disgusting
piss. It's difficult to find any ordeal more humiliating and degrading than
being forced to stay in a tank full of human piss! If they wanted it more
humiliating they would have to fill it with a mixture of piss and shit but this
wasn't frequently done as it did include a danger of severe stomach problems if
they didn't add some medicaments for bacteria controlling. This sometimes was
done for the slaves hard to train as they really found it difficult to accept
their new life.

   "Oh how disgusting you look and smell, pew!!! But I bet you love it. Sluts
like you just don't know anything about proper hygiene and almost all of you
love to be soiled like a pig! It will take a while before we will get rid of
this piss smell from your filthy skin but don't worry; you will have plenty of
time in the training cage to get rid of it, meaning you are not scheduled to any
sexual service before your training is completed. Now move your filthy ass to
your cage and you better do it quickly! Then we will check if you have managed
to keep your filthy bladder closed but I guess you have as you know that well
what the punishment for lack of bladder control is," nurse Heike cried out while
whipping her bare ass cruelly with a riding whip, giving her several strokes.

   "Aaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuhhhhhhh, please don't!!! I'll do it as quickly as I can.
Please don't whip me anymore!! The woman begged Heike, trying to walk, but as
her legs were extremely sore having been bent all night, she just couldn't walk
and had to crawl towards the cage on all fours.

   "Then just do as you are told. Now you move like a pig as well! You are just
a worthless piece of meat. I wonder if I ever will succeed in making a good
slave of you!!" Heike cried out again but she couldn't help laughing at the slut
crawling like an animal while dripping of piss. The young nurse looked a little
confused but she couldn't help smiling as well. She was not used to treat older
women like this, but she did find it exciting being in control and allowed to
punish and humiliate these sluts the best she could. She could feel the juices
begin to flow between her legs making her panties greasy and wet.

"By the way; we have to get rid of these useless screams and begging sounds
again. Remain still while I attach the feeding gag again. I bet you have missed
it all night" nurse Heike said while strapped the feeding gag tightly to the
head of poor slut Jinny again completely sealing her mouth with the tight
fitting rubber and the short tube with the quick connection slot mounted at the
end. It really was unpleasant to wear as they always did tighten the straps
until they did cut into the skin of the face.

 "Twack" the merciless sound of the whip was heard again making Jinny scream
into the gag again

 "Now move! And you better do it quick!" nurse Heike ordered

   The woman crawled to the cage and entered it using the ramp that had been
hinged to the floor making it possible for her to enter it without having to
stand upright and jump up inside it. The young nurse slammed the barred cage
door closed and made sure it was locked and then she removed the ramp again.

   "And now my worthless sluts we are ready to take your filthy piss. Get in
position and keep your filthy bodies in piss position until new orders are
given. Nurse, will you get two piss trays and a pail for collecting the piss. We
only need to measure the amount of piss from the slut who has been kept in the
tank as she is the only one that we haven't been able to check as she has had
the possibility to piss in the tank. All other can be checked by looking at the
floor below their filthy cunts!  Now put on a plastic coat and gloves! Sometimes
they are in such an urgent need to piss that it just sprays all over" nurse
Heike said to the young nurse.

   The inmates sat in a squatting position with widely spread legs touching the
sides of the cages and totally exposing their cunts. It really was a humiliating
position but they all feared the whip or the cattle prod that frequently were
used if they refused or were too slow doing it. Some of them had their hands
folded to a fist and toes curled up as they really had difficulties holding
their pee back.

  "OK, we start from each side of the row. I take the piss dripping slut. I'm
very excited to check if she has done well!!" nurse Heike said while placing the
tray under the cunt of the poor inmate who had slept in the tank.

  "Ok my worthless slut, now piss and you better do well. If you are not within
your normal amount you know it means one more night in the tank!" she ordered
the inmate.

   Nothing is more humiliating and degrading than having to piss in front of
another person. Jinny still found it difficult though she had done it several
times during her stay in these awful cages. She was blushing; feeling extremely
humiliated having to sit in this squatting position and then just piss in front
of this evil woman. But as she had an urgent need to relieve her bladder it
didn't take long before she sprayed her piss into the tray in a steady stream.
It was just such a relief, though she still felt humiliated. Finally her bladder
was empty and the last few drops escaped her cunt dripping into the tray.

   "Ohhh, how good you are slut Jinny!! I don't think I will have to measure at
all! It certainly seems like you have learned something! Now we just collect
your stinking urine in the pail and pour it into the drain to the tank. Then we
have some extra piss to make sure that the tank is filled to the desired level.
It's lovely to have some fresh piss to add to the tank, though it won't take
long before it stinks even more disgusting than right now. Now remain in
position until all are through then you will be given orders for the training of
the day," nurse Heike said laughing again and squeezing her cunt lips with her
rubber gloved hand making her scream again but she didn't dare to move at all as
she didn't want to make her more angry and maybe decide to punish her further,
though she hardly could imagine what could be worse than what she was going
through right now.

   "Ah I see you like this!" she said and stopped squeezing but then she parted
her cunt lips and her fingers found the way to her clit. She started rubbing her
clit while she played with the left nipple with the other hand. Though Jinny
really didn't want to she just couldn't help reacting to the touch and she felt
a sexually arousing feeling. Heike just continued rubbing faster and faster and
Jinny could feel an orgasm slowly build up inside her body. It really was
degrading reacting in this way to the touch of this woman. Heike just smiled at
her watching her reaction carefully. When she could see she was on the very edge
to come she just stopped knowing that Jinny wasn't able to continue herself as
her hands still was strapped to the side.

   "A filthy slut like you doesn't deserve the pleasure an orgasm produces! You
have to do much better before I would even think on giving you this pleasure!
But I will give you something else to think about!" she said and placed Jinny's
clit between two fingers and squeezed hard. The exciting pleasure of feeling
extreme pain changed just like this!

   "Aaaaaaaaaoooouuuuuhhhh, pleaseeeeeouuu" Jinny screamed through her gag

   "I hope this will teach you a lesson! You are not allowed to be horny without
permission! You are here to please us and to be trained to be a good slave and
not to feel pleasure! Now I hope you never forget!" nurse Heike cried out at
her, making Jinny look scared and afraid that she would find some new and
bizarre methods for punishment.

   During all this the young nurse had finished taking the piss from the other
inmates and she emptied Heike's tray into it as well. The pail was almost half
filled with their oozing and smelling morning urine. She went to the tank to
empty it.

   "Wait a minute! Let it remain in the pail. I have some plans with it. Just
place it beside the tank!" nurse Heike ordered.

   All inmates looked rather scared. They knew well that when Heike had some
plans it normally meant something unpleasant for them.

   "Well, I think you are all ready for the training for the day. The schedule
from yesterday hasn't been changed meaning you all start riding for one hour.
Remember that the riding only will trip the counter if you have your feet lifted
free of the floor for five minutes and remember that some of you are behind with
taking the plug in your ass hole! Then you will have ten minutes rest and then
the spiked floor will be raised for one hour and thirty minutes, yes you heard
right, it has been increased by thirty minutes. We have to move on otherwise you
won't learn anything from the training. Do your best to remain in position. You
all know how painful it is sitting on the spikes. Then you will have a fifteen
minute break and then we start all over again until I come back and say good
night to you. My skilful young nurse will be here and help you should you have
any trouble. She has permission to use the pussy and breast whip and the cattle
prod to encourage you to do your very best. When you are half way through your
ordeal of the day she will feed you and offer you something to drink. Maybe she
will offer you something to drink before this time as well but this will be up
to her. Now prepare for the horses to be raised" Heike ordered

   The poor women had no choice than to sit in squatting position preparing
themselves to let the awful plug enter and to have the sharp surface of the
horse up between their legs. The tiny cages left no room to avoid the
penetration. Heike pressed a button and the horses began to enter the cages.
Each woman moved the best they could to make the entering plug less painful.
Some of them chose the cunt rather than the ass hole. They all moaned in
discomfort as it continued its way up into their private parts. They all
maintained a squatting position that avoided them to ride the sharp edge of the
horse in the initial phase as it always was less painful to let the sensitive
hole get used to the plug before sitting their full weight on the horse.

   "Let's make it a competition today! The first one who has the riding counter
one count up will have an additional five minute break! Isn't this wonderful?
You see I can sometimes be kind. I bet you are all happy that I will be in
control for the next fourteen days!" nurse Heike said laughing loudly.

   "Young nurse, I think sweet Mistress Olga and I will leave you for a while
and let you be in control. Just be careful to keep to the schedule. It is
important that they are all trained well. Remember to reward the first ride with
an additional five minute break before next step in the training!" nurse Heike
ordered clearly enjoying her new position knowing how humiliating it was for
Olga that she just had to stand behind her so degradingly dressed and not able
to complain at all due to the heavy leather gag locked on her face.

   "Come with me Olga. I have to give you some orders for the next fourteen
days. I guess you remember that the Commandant has handed over command to me
meaning you have nothing to say at all? I have placed one chair in one of the
training rooms, and then I can sit comfortably while you stand and listen to my
orders" nurse Heike said smiling at her.

   They both left for the room and nurse Heike closed and locked the door behind
them from the inside.

   "Well, sweet Olga. Do you remember how you have sometimes treated me always
claiming that I didn't do well? Now this has changed as I'm the one to tell you
what to do. Remember that I just have to say a few words to the Commandant and
then you will be in big troubles. First I think you need some refreshment after
all you have endured this morning. You see I have placed one of the feeding
bottles used for the sluts on the wall? Maybe you didn't notice but I brought
with me the pail of fresh slut piss! I think a liter of this nice tasting piss
will do you good and I'm sure you won't refuse to drink it! Now you are thinking
that you can just tell the Commandant about it and then he will take care of me?
Wrong my sweetheart! Who do you think he will believe? Me or you? Will he
believe a crew member who has been disobedient or a nurse who has no bad marks
against her record? You got the idea? Nobody can see us here, meaning it will be
your word against mine and I really think I will win! Furthermore I think you
have much more to lose than I have, so now be a clever girl and attach the tube
to your feeding mask while I pour some nice tasting slut piss into the bottle.
Then we just open the valve and let it run into your mouth. I will sit here and
enjoy your drinking. In order to make sure you really taste this 'nice' tasting
slut piss you will stand with your head looking downwards at me making sure your
mouth is nicely filled during your refreshment. It's just to make sure you
really taste it and not just swallow it in order to empty the bottle as quickly
as possible." Nurse Heike said smiling while she poured a generous amount of
fresh slut piss in the bottle.

   Mistress Olga realized how hopeless her situation was and did as ordered.
When Heike was finished she opened the valve a little and the yellow, foul
tasting piss could be seen in the transparent tube running from the bottle. When
it reached Olga's mouth, some disgusting moans could be heard. Her stomach moved
in and out quickly and some odd noises came from her mouth. She was almost
puking as the disgusting fluid entered her mouth. She shook her head from side
to side.

   "Ha, ha, ha, tasting good? If I see a single droop escape your gag I will add
one more liter to the bottle. Just be brave and take your punishment! During
your 'refreshment' you can think about how it would have been for you had you
been more kind to me! Ohhhhhh, sweetheart, keep on looking at me! I want to see
the look on your face while drinking! When you have finished I have been ordered
to check your strap of pleasure! I'm sure I will be able to take it in one or
two more additional holes before I lock it into place. We just have to make sure
it is doing the work it is supposed to do! I'm sure your clit is nicely swollen
and sore after the nice bee sting. But don't worry; it 'only' last for about two
days, then it will gradually decrease and the only pain you will feel this place
will be from the knot continuously irritating your sensitive piece of meat.
Remember that you are not wearing it for pleasure  as I think it is right now
save for the pain from the bee sting! It really must cut up between your
sensitive lips while the 'kind' knots just continue to irritate your holes of
pleasure and your clit. Isn't it wonderful? When you are through all this you
will never forget to obey orders again. I really think the Commandant has done
well as I don't like crew members who doesn't meet the strict standards this
place demands! Oooooooh, sweet Olga, you really are drinking the piss nicely.
Now you almost seem to like the taste! Maybe we should make you do this at the
beginning of each day until these sluts have finished this training? I will have
to think about this!" nurse Heike said while putting a hand between her legs
beginning to rub her clit through the outside of her panties. As Mistress Olga
had a clear view of her panties she could see they were wet with her juices. She
had never felt so humiliated before. Standing in front of this former
subordinate, having to drink this awful tasting piss 'dressed' like this. And
furthermore the tightening of the strap between her legs would cause her more
pain for the next fourteen days. Fourteen days in this condition would really
seem like a month to her! The piss just continued to flow in a steady slow
stream into her mouth. She decided to try to see if Heike would allow her to
open the valve wider in order to make it end faster.

   "No, no sweetie, I don't want this great experience for you to end too fast!
Just let it be as it is or I will add some more to the bottle! You are welcome
to fully open the valve but then I add one more liter to the bottle! Is that
what you want? Furthermore I need this pleasure as you can see. I think I will
be able to have a nice  long orgasm before you have emptied it!" the nurse
commented with a broad smile on her face, clearly indicating that she was
extremely excited watching Mistress Olga drinking the piss. She really loved to
see her as humiliated as this!

 It took Mistress Olga thirty minutes to empty the bottle. She just felt sick
knowing that she had swallowed one liter of the disgusting piss from the sluts
in training. Nothing could be more humiliating than this. Though she had
finished it, she still had this foul taste of piss in her mouth and the gag
continues to add small drops of piss to her mouth for a while after the bottle
was empty.

  Nurse Heike had exploded in a huge orgasm in front of her. Her sexual act had
caused Mistress Olga to become excited as well though she also felt humiliated.
This only added to her discomfort as the knots continued to irritate, especially
the knot covering her clit, which caused extreme pain as her clit still was sore
and swollen after the treatment with the bee. After relaxing for a while and
enjoying Mistress Olga's degradation, nurse Heike was ready to continue with her
demands and instructions for Mistress Olga.

   "OK sweet Olga. I hope you enjoyed your refreshment. You are welcome to have
some more if you want. I think this has made you realize that you better do as
you are told while I'm in charge. To tell the truth, I actually don't think you
will be allowed to take over again after this. I think I will be superior from
now on and in the future. But this will be stated after your fourteen days of
punishment. When talking about punishment I have noticed that your slut strap
isn't like we want it to be. It's just too slack. I will now adjust it and mark
the hole to make it possible for the duty nurse to lock it as tight as we want
it after your regularly bowel and bladder relieve. But first I think I will
check your clit. I'm excited to see how a clit looks after a bee sting, as I
have never seen it myself. I didn't ever think that it would be a trainer's clit
that would be the one showing me...ha, ha. Come here sweetie and let us check it
out" nurse Heike said smiling at Mistress Olga.

   She approached Mistress Olga and unbuckled the slut strap. Mistress Olga
moaned in pain when it escaped her cunt cleft. Nurse Heike parted her cunt lips
and had a close view of her clit.

   "Ohhhhhh, how swollen it is, almost double size than normal. It really must
hurt a lot. I'm so sorry that I have to replace the slut strap again. But you
know how disobedience is punished this place, don't you? Ha, ha, now remain
still while I replace it making sure it is nice and tight as ordered and then I
will lock it into place making sure you don't loosen it during the nights in
your quarters." Nurse Heike said while doing as told.

 "Aaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuhhhhhh, plleeeeaaaauuuse no more" Mistress Olga screamed.

   "Don't worry, I'm almost through. It really is tight and the knots are just
where we want them making sure your holes of pleasure are closed and that your
clit is continuously irritated by the knot in this place. Must be horrible, I'm
so sorry but I'm just carrying out my orders" nurse Heike said laughing loudly
while putting on the lock making sure the strap remained where it was until
someone with the right key unbuckled it again.

   "How about the excellent bra? Is this tight enough? I don't think so. I have
to check it. I can imagine that the nice thongs are causing you a great deal of
discomfort. But sweet Olga, remember that all this is done only to make you
remember to be more careful in the future. It is all done to help you! Ohhh, how
loose the straps are. Stand still while I unlock it and retighten it to make
sure you feel it. Who knows, maybe you will be so fond of the 'dress' you are
wearing that you won't want it to be removed when you are through all this"
nurse Heike said while tightening the straps and locking them into place again,
making removal impossible.

   "aaauuuaaaa" Mistress Olga moaned in discomfort as it was done. Now she
really felt the thongs leaving her nipples visible and even more exposed and
sensitive to any touch. It really had caused her troubles during last night as
every touch had sent waves of pain through her body. Even the touch of her
blanket caused her pain.

   "There you are!!! I have now given you an instruction concerning how orders
have to be carried out. If the Commandant wants to check it I will not be noted
for any demerits for not doing as ordered. Let this be a lesson for you not to
be forgotten!!!" nurse Heike said laughing again.

   "Now for the final instructions. During the next fourteen days you do exactly
as you are told. If any changes need to be done to the sluts, you report to me
before doing it. As you have difficulties speaking during the first two days I'm
sure you will find a way to tell me anyway. Just remember that any mistake will
be noted and then I will decide if I will tell the Commandant about it. Maybe
you can persuade me not to by offering me different kinds of service. Just use
your imagination then I'm sure you can find plenty of ways to 'help' me to
forget about your mistakes. I have one more plan concerning your dress before we
continue with the work. As the gag you are wearing is hollow I think you are
making too much noise. Do you remember what we sometimes do with the sluts? We
silence them with a sponge! If the nose is cut off, they have to suck in air
through the hollow dildo shaped gag. It is still possible, though it is a little
harder to do. I have decided to put a sponge into your gag and lock it into
place using one of these steel lids with holes for breathing and sucking in air
and water. As your food will consist of soup for the next two days you can even
suck in food. I will be kind and leave your nose open so that you can suck in
air through the nose as well. But I have a surprise for you!! As you seemed to
love the taste of the refreshment I have decided to wet the sponge in the pail
before insertion in the gag. Then you will have a nice sip of this tasty fluid
each time you suck on the gag. I will re-wet it again in the afternoon before
you are released from the duties of the day." Nurse Heike said while putting the
sponge into the hollow gag and locking it into place. As it was dripping wet
with the 'tasty' fluid it immediately started to add the disgusting fluid into
Mistress Olga's mouth through the holes in the gag. She dammed well knew that
this would last each time she wanted to suck through the gag. She had to get
water during the day and this would taste of piss as well until she had cleaned
the sponge. And then she would 'refresh' it in the afternoon again.

   "How disgusting!!!" she was thinking.

   "Now we are ready! As you will only wear this nice 'dress' I'm sure you will
treat the sluts well as they all are in a way are responsible for your present
condition! But my advice for you is that you still remember not to do anything
not ordered unless you have my permission. Otherwise you will be sorry!" nurse
Heike said smiling at her while enjoying the hopeless look at her face. Heike
just loved this! She had for a long time thought that Mistress Olga was a pain
in the ass and now it was pay back time for all the troubles she had caused her.

   "OK, funny time is over! Back to work! Bring the pail with your 'refreshment'
with you and empty it in the tank. Then you will be able to smell and see the
'refreshment' for your sponge this afternoon. I don't think we will be able to
provide you with fresh piss the next time. But I think that you are already used
to the taste so that it really should be no problem for you" nurse Heike said
smiling again.

   They both left the room and Mistress Olga did as ordered. The smell was
almost gagging as the tank was filled with all this old female piss continuously
leaving the tube located at the top of the tank in a steady stream. The fact
that the tank was heated to body temperature, so that it was ready to take a
slut when needed didn't make it any better.

   Nurse Heike checked the work carried out by the young nurse in training.

   "How are the sluts doing? Any progress concerning their training?" she asked

   "Well, slut Coral really is progressing. She won the five minutes extra break
and she actually didn't seem to have that much trouble winning. She screamed as
usual during the last minutes of her 'full ride' but not that bad. Furthermore
she has taken the dildo in her ass twice meaning she really seems to be grateful
that you offered her this smaller dildo. Furthermore she has managed to keep her
filthy body in the squatting position without any faults. Right now she seems to
be in trouble. Look at her! She is almost touching the spikes! What is it slut
Coral? Are you in trouble? Be brave and do as ordered! You know well how painful
it will be for you if you fail! Let me help you!" the young nurse said while
sticking the cattle prod through the bars of the cage between her ass cheeks
touching her ass hole and pulling the trigger. Coral's body almost flew up
hitting the ceiling bars of the cage.

   "Aaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuhhhhh, nooooooooooo, not this! Please no more!!!" she
screamed.

   "Then be a good slut and do as ordered. It was only done to help you! You
only need to keep position for fifteen more minutes and then you will have a
break!" the young nurse screamed out.

   "Good, very good! You are a fast learner! I'm sure you will be promoted
quickly. I will tell the Commandant that I'm very satisfied with your progress.
If you continue like this we will have the sluts ready within schedule and that
really pleases the Commandant" nurse Heike said clearly proud of the young nurse
in training.

   "Thank you nurse! It really means a lot to me. I already love this job and I
will be grateful if I will be granted more responsibility over these worthless
sluts!" she said with a broad smile at her face.

   "Let's check the other sluts. I'm sure slut Coral knows what is expected of
her. Furthermore she will have some more time in the cage to learn that we will
have plenty of time to teach her!" nurse Heike said.

   They continued to the other cages and stopped in front of slut Jinny's cage.
She really seemed to be in big trouble. Her toes was curled up and her hands was
clenched into a tight fist fighting the best she could to maintain balance in
this exhausting position. She well knew how painful the spikes were and she
certainly didn't want to feel it again. Furthermore her body was exhausted after
a night in the tank and she would do everything possible to avoid another night
in this condition.

   "Pew!! You still stink of piss but I know you love it! Just continue and do
your very best and we might decide to let you have a pleasant night in the cage
giving you more freedom to rest! I don't think you want another night in the
tank? I actually expect you two are at least equal concerning backdoor fucking
today. I think it would be wise of you to take it even more times in the
backdoor as you are scheduled to a size nine dildo tomorrow meaning it would be
wise of you to be able to gradually train your ass hole to take more. It isn't
nice to know that if you fail, you will be in the tank for another night! But it
will all be your own choice. I'm just telling you in order to prepare you for
the next schedule!" nurse Heike said smiling at her and enjoying her struggling
and discomfort during this treatment.

   A bell could be heard and the young nurse pressed a button and the spiked
floor of all the cages was lowered again. The nurses didn't have to tell them
that it was resting time as all the poor women just fell onto the floor of the
cages totally exhausted trying to find an acceptable position for resting on the
hard steel bars of the cage floors. Some of them closed their eyes trying to
dream themselves to a different place more comfortable than this. They all hoped
that this just was an extremely bad nightmare that would end when they opened
the eyes again, but they all knew it was for real and that there was nothing
they could do about it.

   Again the bell could be heard. All the females felt as though they had only
just sat down resting a minute ago.

  "OK worthless sluts! Prepare for a nice 'horse riding' session!!!" nurse Heike
screamed out while pressing the button for raising the horses again. Again moans
from the poor women could be heard while the merciless dildos entered their
private parts. They just longed for the day to end, so giving them a night to
recover though it wasn't easy trapped in a tiny cage like the cages they had
been placed in.

   "Ok my sweet young nurse, I will leave you and Mistress Heike for a while. I
need a break! Just abuse Mistress Olga the best you can. She will be ready to do
as she is told, otherwise just tell me as I know what to do if she refuses! You
are really doing well and therefore I see no problem leaving you for a while in
charge of this training. Just call for me if you are in any trouble but I really
don't think you will be, as you seem to know what to do during this" nurse Heike
said smiling at her.

   "Thank you nurse Heike. I will do what I can to meet your expectations, don't
worry; I will ask if I'm in trouble. I certainly don't want to be treated like
Mistress Olga!" the young nurse said and returned to the cages ordering Mistress
Olga to follow her. It actually sexually aroused her to be in charge of an older
woman. She had been spoken to nurse Heike about it and she had allowed her to
choose some of the old inmates for servicing her during the nights. She just
loved to order them to lick her between the legs while busy using a whip if they
didn't do as she wanted them to do. It really gave her a kick to order one of
these sluts to bend over and expose her filthy ass holes, before parting the ass
cheeks totally. Then she sometimes let them remain in this position for hours
until they hardly could stand anymore, using the whip or the cattle prod to
'encourage'them to keep position.  Nurse Heike could see she was dreaming.

   "Don't worry, I have found a stubborn old slut for you! "nurse Heike said. It
seemed like she could read the young nurse's mind.

  "She will be in your quarter when you return this evening. She is already
there. I actually think her body is screaming for release right now! We have
placed her on the floor locked into one of these nice old methods of torture
while she awaits you. She has been locked in a scavenger's daughter making her
body scream for release as she can't move at all. I assume you know that this
excellent device consists of a heavy steel collar for the neck. From this collar
two heavy steel rods are attached with broad steel cuffs at the end for the
feet. At the end, a fifty centimeter spreader bar has been welded for making the
slut sit with legs apart.  Finally two cuffs for the hands have been welded at
the middle of the two rods. The construction can be different going from a model
making the slut sit in almost a normal position to an extremely tiny model
making her sit with legs pressing against the chest and the spreader bar can be
in different lengths or it can be without a spreader bar trapping her legs
between the rods folding her body into a ball shape. Common to all these nice
devices is that it really stresses the body. You can choose to let her sit on
the hard surface of the floor or you can choose to attach chains to rings
mounted on the feet restraints and the ring mounted on the collar of the device
and lift her free of the ground hanging in the device.

 You can't lift her in the ring at the back of the collar as this will choke
her. Both choices are really an ordeal for the victim as she is completely
immobilized in this exhausting position, which really stresses the body.
Initially it isn't that bad, but as time goes by the pain and cramps begin there
is absolutely nothing the slut can do about it. They can of course be combined
with all kinds of additional restraints and devices for making it more
interesting for the sluts who have the, ahhhh let's say good fortune to find her
being locked into this device. We have chosen one of these extremely tiny ones
leaving her with legs slightly spread and knees pressing against her chest.
Furthermore she has been 'dressed' in one of these nice steel chastity belts
with the spiked steel band continuously irritating her private parts.

 The only movement possible for her is to turn her head from side to side but
even this will cause her pain as the heavy steel collar is locked tightly around
her neck. As I know you love steel restraints she has finally been gagged with
one of these nice steel gags with a steel band around the head holding the
hollow steel gag in her mouth and a steel band welded at the front with an
inverted V for her nose to stick out. This steel band is locked to the back of
the band around the lower part of her head. This means that the lower part of
her head is completely covered by this gag and the steel band over her nose
makes sure it remain firm in place pressing stressing the skin of her face with
no chance to expel it. If you don't want to hear her begging sounds you just
close the hollow gag with the lid hanging from it in a short chain. The key for
the devices has been located tied to a string running from the bar for your
shower curtain in front of her. She saw them placing the key. This means that
she knows the key is there but she is not able to get it. I think it is quite
interesting for her to know that all she needs is to get this key but it just
isn't possible for her. She just has to endure the pain and cramps caused by
this excellent device. Just release her when you feel for it. She has been
placed in your bathroom as we didn't want her to soil your floor if she showed a
disappointing degree of bowel and bladder control during the waiting time. 

   If she has failed I'm sure you know what to do about it.  After some initial
treatment she will surely do whatever you want of her in order to get out of
these restraints but it will be up to you to decide if you need her or you just
want to enjoy her struggling. As she is exposing ass and cunt all you need is to
open the chastity belt if you want to play with her before you release her, for
instance an extended enema for cleaning her bowel before the sexual act. You can
even treat her breasts in this position as you are able to drag the nipple free
of her legs for some additional treatment before releasing her. You are welcome
to take one of these hand operated shock generators with you, I don't want you
to take one of the supplied ones as you still lack some training in the correct
use of his excellent means of torture. Finally she has been beautifully packed
as a present for you. We have put her in a thick rubber bag closed tight at the
top with only a tiny tube sticking out for air supply. This means that she in
addition, is suffering from the extreme heat and darkness inside this bag and
maybe even the smell, if she has failed to control bowel and bladder leaving her
sitting in her own disgusting waste. We have told her about you and what she can
expect to give her something to think about during the waiting time. I'm sure
you won't disappoint her!! I'm sure you hardly can wait to open this nice
present for you!" Nurse Heike said laughing loudly.

   "Oh thank you Heike, you are so kind to me! Now I can't wait until the work
of the day is over! It will be just a pleasure to torture and humiliate her. I
already have some great ideas to make her realize what it is all about for
worthless sluts kept in this prison.  It is just so embarrassing for an old
woman to be treated by a young woman who could have been her daughter!! They
really find it humiliating if you masturbate them as they just can't control the
body though they really don't want to react to this touch. Then you can just
bring her to the very limit of an orgasm and then stop leaving a body screaming
for the releasing orgasm. It's just so exciting to do this to the sluts. Maybe I
will have to clean her before use as she probably stinks like a pig after a day
like this!" she said clearly happy and excited thinking of all the fun she will
have with this inmate when the work of the day is over. She already could feel
the juices flow between her legs

   "No problem, you really deserve it!" nurse Heike said

   Then nurse Heike left the room of pain and went to her quarter for a nice
well-earned break. She really was satisfied with this morning. Maybe all this
had excited her so much that she needed to masturbate or maybe she should even
have one of the inmates service her? She actually thought her choice would be
the last one. She really deserved some oral pleasure after all this work.




Hi

This will be the last part of Janet's Ordeal. I have told you why it has to end
in the introduction for part 8. I have written this final part in cooperation
with sweet Janet. I think you all agree with me when claiming that we have
managed to make an exciting and unpredictable ending to the story.

As Janet can't continue writing these role-plays I have asked for women who
would be prepared to take over her place. The interest has been quite limited,
meaning I still hope there will be more women who will be ready to do some work
in making my next role-play as exciting as it was writing this one. Furthermore
I hope some women who are ready to be the 'poor' victims in this new play will
send me a letter. The women who (hopefully) are interested can send a letter to
mickni2000@icqmail.com telling me briefly about their desires and limits. As the
next play will include cruel torture as well as extreme humiliation and
degradation this must be a turn on for you. I promise to reply to all
interested, no matter what the outcome is. I have already written the first
chapter but I really need a co-writer for it and Janet really think it's very
exciting and a great foundation for a new role-play.

Finally I hope a lot of you will write a review for this last part as well as
write reviews for the whole story. There are still a lot of pending members for
our groups. I still hope some of the pending members will write a review in
order to join the group. I really think our sweet Janet deserves these last
reviews before she retires and be more in the background. She still has promised
to help me with the project from time to time but she can't write for the
stories anymore due to some personal reasons. If you don't know how to upload
the review then please read the introduction for part 3.

As this is the last part of this story, I will end this introduction by telling
all of you that it has been great with all this interest for our project. It
really has meant a lot to Janet and I and I think that even the initial bad
reviews have helped us to do our very best. We do, of course, love the positive
reviews mostly and they really have encouraged us to do what we could to
maintain the standard and maybe even make it more exciting. I actually feel
rather sad writing this last introduction as I have loved to write this story.
But on the other hand I think it is great that we conclude it before we start to
receive bad reviews for losing the track.

I hope you haven't found these introductions too boring. I wanted to tell you
about the project during the writing to make it more personal and this was my
possibility to tell you. If some of you didn't like them I'm sure you just
jumped directly to the story without reading it though I really wanted all of
you to read them as some of them had some important information.

Take care all of you, you have been great! I hope to see you in a new play, if I
succeed in getting it off the ground.

Master Mick
...........................................................

Janet and I proudly present
Janet's Ordeal, Part 9, and the final part.


Add 32, Janet and Mick, the revenge.......

I managed to go through the initial cruel breast treatments, though it really
caused me severe pain. The worst part of this was that they used this evil
machine for 'milking' my breasts. As they had been injected with this special
fluid they really were sore and this milking process certainly didn't make it
better. I almost never got any chance to touch them as I was restrained most of
the time. They even put one of these ghastly feeding masks on me again connected
to a tube with an open glass bottle at the end. The bottle was strapped to the
cage bars making it possible to feed me without opening the tiny bed cage.
Though I had more freedom to move, my limbs were extremely sore, being forced to
lie in this bed for so long. I wasn't sure if I would be able to stand again
when they took me out of the cage. Sometimes they kept me hooded as well just to
add to my discomfort.

"It's just to make you remember that this isn't a vacation for you! Even though
you are in the hospital we still try to continue with the training. Otherwise
you will be behind schedule when we are finished with you," the duty nurse told
me with a broad smile before everything went dark and the hood was tightened to
my head. Sometimes she used a leather hood, which she took from a pail of water.
She then lashed it tightly to my head and left me. As time went by the hood
dried making it fit even tighter around my head. It felt so confining, like it
was glued to my head. It really was unbearable as I never knew how long she
would keep me like this. But the worst part was when she fitted me with one of
these extremely hot inflatable rubber hoods. Before fitting it she always filled
my ears with a chewing gum like substance cutting of my ability to hear
anything. Then the hood was fitted and she connected the rubber bulb to the
valve at the top of the hood and inflated it. When inflated I really felt alone
as I could not see or hear if anyone was around to check if I was all right. I
was only aware of a presence when I felt the foul tasting liquid food enter
mouth and they continued the cruel treatment on my breasts. I never knew how
long they kept me like, this but it really felt like weeks in this totally dark
and noiseless world. Additionally they sometimes used a hair dryer to heat up
the air between the outer and inner layer of rubber making me sweat copiously
and suffer more.

"Oooh please!!! stop this treatment and let me out of this horrible cage " I was
thinking though I knew well that  any release only meant a new ordeal for me. It
was just an endless world of pain and humiliation!!

Then something strange did happen. I felt somebody removing the feeding tube
from my feeding mask. I was hooded as usual, cutting of all my senses. I
couldn't hear anything but I concluded that the bed cage was opened as I felt
hands all around me. Four hands were busily removing the straps restraining me
to the bed. They didn't remove the hood. Then I was lifted off the bed and down
onto the floor. My legs just didn't work and they had to lift me over the floor.
I felt my body being placed into a kind of box or something like this. I was
sure there weren't any bars. I felt some heavy steel restraints being locked
around my body completely immobilizing me. My arms were forced into some rigid
steel sleeves and I heard the click of the locking devices. Then my legs were
forced towards my chest and then they were locked as well. I felt some broad
steel restraints being locked around my ankles and an additional steel band
being locked around the lower part of my legs. Then the worst part of this
treatment came. First I felt a pretty thick tube being forced into my urethra
and a bulb was inflated meaning my piss would only be able to escape through
this catheter. I screamed loudly into my gag as it really caused me a lot of
pain. But it wasn't over yet. I felt a thick tube enter my sore ass hole and it
was sealed to my body with what felt like a piece of smooth rubber covering my
ass and cunt. I hurt even more and I just screamed and screamed into my gag
though I knew well that they probably couldn't hear my screams. Furthermore I
knew that it probably wouldn't be any help to me even if they could. I was now
completely immobilized and all my holes were sealed from the outer world. I felt
very sore in my limbs though it had only lasted for a few minutes. I tried to
move but I just couldn't. I complained the best I could into my gag hoping they
would give me a little relief but nothing happened. Then something good did
occur. I felt the ghastly hood being deflated. When deflated it was dragged of
my face and the feeding tube was quickly connected and the box that I was
obviously trapped inside was closed tight leaving me in the darkness again. As
it all happened extremely quickly, I didn't manage to see the persons doing all
this to me, save for seeing silhouettes of two persons. I wasn't even able to
conclude if they were men or women and as they didn't say anything and so I had
to accept that I would not know who they were. Then I felt some movement and the
box were lifted free of the ground and placed on a hard surface again. But then
I finally realized what was going on as I heard the noise of an engine being
started and the feeling of a car moving.

"They are transferring me to another place! But where? What is going to happen
to me now?" I was thinking. As I was thinking all this my mouth was filled with
water and I had to swallow as quickly as possible to avoid gagging. I felt good
as I just was so dry in my mouth.

The journey continued for a long time. Sometimes we stopped but I was left in my
tiny box suffering cramps from being strapped in this exhausting position. As
the food was liquid my waste was like this as well.  Sometimes felt it escape my
ass hole as I wasn't able to control it with this tube rammed deeply into my
ass. My piss escaped my bladder in a similarly manner. I was just a machine with
no ability to control anything myself.

Then finally I felt movement again. I really was desperate to get out of this
box in order to move my sore body again. The box moved for a while and then it
was set down again. The box was opened and I heard the well-known noise of a
barred cell door being closed. Then silence again. As they let the light remain
on I gradually became able to look at my new surroundings. I was in a two by two
meters cell with a bunk covered with a rubber mattress as the only furniture.
The smell told me that the cell was used as toilet for the inmate trapped in
this cell as well. Outside the cell I could see a corridor and a cell door at
the other side of the corridor. The cell was empty. I was wondering where I was
but maybe I would never know. Furthermore I was extremely afraid of the future
as any change in my condition normally meant more pain and humiliation.

I was left like this for a long time. Then suddenly the light was switched off
and I heard the cell door being opened. I saw the silhouette of a woman and my
feeding bottle was filled with the well-known foul tasting liquid food and then
she left me again.
I just hoped so badly she would release me from this box but again I had to
accept remaining in this awful box. I was just so exhausted and sore in all my
limbs and the unavoidable cramps just continued. I still didn't know who these
peoples were.

Then finally I was released from the box. Before releasing me I was hooded again
still making it impossible for me to recognize anyone. First the catheter and
the tube in my ass were removed. God it felt good getting rid of them! I felt my
sore ass hole gradually regain normal size. Then all the steel restraints were
removed from my body and I almost fell out on the box and lay in silence on the
cold concrete floor, completely nude. Before I was able to gain control of my
body, heavy steel restraints with chains were locked on my neck, hands and feet.
Though I was restrained, I had more freedom to move than I had had for a long
time and it actually felt good. During all this hard treatment something strange
had happened to me. I was beginning to like being restrained. I actually felt
better being restrained in a cell and being kept completely nude. I had been
naked so long that I could hardly remember how it was to wear clothes. What was
even stranger was the fact that I was beginning to like being punished. I even
sometimes enjoyed the pain associated with it. The so called 'kind' and
'educational' whipping that they frequently used in this place actually turned
me on. Though I really didn't want to be so submissive and it was very
embarrassing for me being wet and greasy between my legs after a punishment, but
I just couldn't fight it. It just happened! Before the woman left me again she
switched off the light and removed the hood again. Then the cell door was again
slammed shut and I was left alone in the darkness of the cell. As she had given
me liquid food and something to drink as well I soon had an urgent need to
relieve myself. I crawled around the cell to find the right place. It didn't
have any toilet but I found a hole in the floor and the smell coming up from it
left no doubt that this was the place. With some difficulty I managed to get my
body in position within the limitations of my restraints and did what I had to
do. I had no chance to clean myself after it and as I was sweating as well, I
knew my body smelt ugly with the stench of old sweat, urine and waste but I just
had to accept it. I really felt like a slut!

They left me like this for some days. Sometimes the light was on and sometimes
it was off. I never saw anybody and the food just suddenly appeared in my cell
without any prior noise. It was really boring but I managed to get through it. I
spent some time masturbating as for the first time in months; I was able to
touch my private parts. I felt rather strange touching the rings they had placed
in my cunt lips but it actually did excite me. I just felt so good rubbing my
clit, eagerly bringing myself to huge orgasms. After this I was so relaxed I
normally fell to sleep on the rubber covered mattress. I gradually got used to
the fact that my hands permanently smelt of my own piss and juices. I actually
began to love this smell as well as it oozed of sex and pleasure.

Then after a long time the cell door finally opened while the light was switched
on and into my tiny cell stepped Yvette and Commandant Mick!!

"Hi my worthless smelly slut! Have you had a good time! We have noticed you have
been masturbating a lot, though slaves are not allowed that without permission!
You know these rules! We will take care of this later. You will pay for each
orgasm you have had. They have all been counted and made it fifteen! Quite a lot
and as each orgasm means severe punishment I really think you will be sorry
later!" Master Mick told me with a broad smile.

"Oh my God! Now it is just starting all over again!" I was thinking in my
hopeless situation. Though I was beginning to like punishment I knew that if
Yvette took part in the punishment, it would be no pleasure for me at all! She
really was angry with me after my night with her boyfriend.

In the prison and interrogation centre, all guards and crew members had been
told to meet in the auditorium. The Commandant had something important to tell
them. They had been told to lock their inmates into the cells and cages  or to
make sure they were nicely restrained before leaving, as he wanted all to be
there except the few needed to overview the prison yard. When they were all
gathered the door to the auditorium was closed and they waited for the
Commandant to arrive. But something completely different happened. As a means of
safety precautions the auditorium had been equipped with holes in the walls for
weapons. These holes were opened from the outside of the auditorium and the
guards and crew members could suddenly see guns pointing at them. Then they
heard a voice crying loudly from the outside of the auditorium. One of the
guards tried to open the doors but they were locked from the outside of the
room.

"Things have changed. This is one of the former inmates speaking. I'm sorry to
tell that you are no longer in charge! If you do as you are ordered  it won't be
too bad for you. My first order for you is to undress until you are completely
naked! Place your clothes and weapons at the far end of the auditorium behind
the chairs!" the voice shouted.

The guards and crew members didn't know what to do. One of the guards tried to
reach his gun.

"ra,ra, ar, ar, ra" a machine gun was heard and the holes from the bullets could
be seen around the guard and he stopped.

"Next time it won't be for fun that we use the guns!" the voice shouted.
Remember that we are not used to guns, so we might hit you by accident!"

They didn't dare to refuse anymore and soon they all were completely naked.

"Now I want all of you to walk to the podium and open the large box placed
there. It contains steel restrains for all of you. As you have all frequently
used these restraints I don't think it you will have any troubles putting them
on. If you do have any trouble I'm sure you will be able to help each other!"
The voice shouted.

The guards and crew members almost panicked but they still didn't dare to refuse
the order and soon they were all restrained in the heavy steel restraints with
broad steel bands for neck, hands and feet. Some of them had to stand with legs
slightly bent as the chains were too short for stretching the body fully.

"Very nice! Now you can all feel how it is! We will now enter the auditorium and
inspect all of you. This means; turn around, bend over and remain in this
position until new orders are given!" the voice shouted.

Some of the crew members and guards found it quite humiliating to do as they
were told, but the sounds of guns and bullets around them persuaded them that
they better had to as ordered.

Then the doors to the auditorium was opened again into the room stepped a crowd
of former inmates. They had found all kinds of different clothes to cover their
former nude bodies. Some of them really had difficulty walking after all hard
treatment they had suffered and they really looked angrily at the guards and
staff of the prison.

"Hi there! Having a good time?" the leading inmate started.

It was Julie who had suffered so much along with all other inmates.

"For your information I can tell that the guards who are not here are presently
trapped in the 'nice' solitary confinement boxes. The cruelest ones have been
fitted with ball and cunt squeezers in addition to their other restraints to add
to their discomfort. I hope they are having a good time. The good news for you
is that you will all be offered the chance to try all the equipment you have
used on us during the past months. I'm sure you will find it as interesting as
you always thought we did. I'm excited to see if your pain limits are on the
same level as you always supposed ours were. I'm sure you will be able to take
much pain. Don't cry as a child! As you always told us! Just be brave and happy
that we 'offer' you this kind treatment! Now turn around and look at us. Don't
be ashamed that you are naked. We have all seen it before!" Julie shouted.

They turned around and looked at the angry inmates from the podium. They could
see in the eyes of these women that they were thirsting for revenge and that
their future would include a lot of humiliation and pain. Some of the inmates
were testing the cruel whips in the air and they could hear the buzzing sound
from the well-known cattle prods.

"Don't be silly! You will never succeed in this!" nurse Heike cried

"Shut up! Do not speak unless we address you! Jinny will you?" Julie asked.

Jinny stepped up the podium and approached nurse Heike with the cattle prod.

"Spread widely and bend over!" she cried out.

Nurse Heike waited before doing as ordered but a 'nice' touch with the cattle
prod on her right nipple speeded up her response. Then she felt the cattle prod
between her legs with one electrode touching her ass hole and one touching her
cunt lips and  the buzzing sound was heard.

"AAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuhhhhhhh, stoooooooppppp" nurse Heike cried out.

"You don't like it? You always told us that this is only a caring touch! I have
only adjusted it to low level. You want some more?" Jinny asked nurse Heike
while smiling at her.

"Nooooooo, not more.... I will do as I'm told" nurse Heike cried out with tears
in her eyes.

"As you have all caused us some really hard days in this prison, we have decided
to let all of you try all these interesting tortures that you have created. We
have chosen our favorites to receive the most. I can tell that Ilsa, Olga,
Heike, Doctor Hans and some of the other nurses are on the top of the list for a
lot of us. So we have drawn lots for which of us will take care of you. As we
want to make sure that you receive all that you have put us through and more, 
you, our favorite members of staff and guards, will have five of us taking care
of you 24/7 making sure you will have a lot of 'fun'" Julie shouted and laughed
loudly.

"But don't worry! We won't kill any of you! That would be too easy for you. We
want you all to suffer the pain we have suffered. As I don't think you need any
further instructions I don't see why we can't begin right away! Dear inmates!
Take your 'worthless peace of meat' and let the fun begin!" Julie shouted.

"Wait a minute!" Julie shouted "I almost forgot. Some of the former inmates have
made a special plan for our 'camp doctor'. Please feel free to prepare him for
his 'tests. They have all had a lot of 'fun', as you use to call it, during your
experiments. We don't see why we don't let you be a part of these experiments as
well, giving you the same nice experience as you always thought we had during
our stay in this horrible place, do you Doctor Hans?"

While Julie said this five women entered the podium and angrily dragged Doctor
Hans towards some of the tables located in the auditorium. They had placed some
equipment on one of the tables. Doctor Hans followed the women awkwardly due to
his restraints cutting into his flesh.

"We have made a great plan for you." One of the women said to doctor Hans. It
was Jane who still had problems after the extended diaper rasp study. Her ass
still was sore and it did mean severe pain when she was sitting. Furthermore her
cunt lips still were red and swollen. The rasp wounds had almost disappeared but
it still caused her problems pissing as it felt like pouring acid over the
sensitive lips.

"As we don't have that much time we will speed up the process as much as
possible. I suffered severely during your so called diaper rash studies and I
don't see why you don't add to science yourself. Therefore you will be put in
one of these nice diapers, but before this we will do some further preparations.
First we will put one of these combined chastity  and punishment belts for men,
that you frequently have used on the male victims, before they were transferred
to another prison for males," Jane said, while two others approached Hans with
one of these evil looking steel devices in their hand. At the back it looked
like a normal chastity belt for women with a hole for waste though small spikes
were located all around the hole in order to irritate the sensitive flesh
especially when sitting. But at the front it was different. It consisted of a
cage shaped steel device, looking like a penis that could be adjusted to totally
trap the penis inside. It really squeezed the balls when it was located, causing
constant pains. Furthermore it had wires connected for adding current and for
making it vibrate. When firmly in place it was all locked to the steel waist
band around the waist making any removal without the right key impossible.

"Stand still while we fit it or you will be sorry!" one of the women shouted.

"But you can't do this to me. I'm a doctor and I'm here to help you. Try to
think...aaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuhhh," Doctor Hans screamed as a buzzing cattle prod
was added current to his dick and balls and he remained silent.

Within a few minutes the belt was locked tightly on him with the curved steel
band between the legs cutting painfully into the sensitive flesh. His dick was
totally caged inside the steel device at the front, squeezing his balls, but
slightly causing constant pain.

"Why don't we let you feel the pleasure from the vibrator" the other woman said
while connecting the plug and pressing a button an a control pad inserted
between the wire for the belt. A noise could be heard and the front of the belt
started to vibrate. No matter how hard Doctor Hans tried to ignore the feeling
he couldn't help reacting to it. Blood began to enter his dick, but as the cage
around it really was tiny there was no room for the increasing size. Doctor Hans
screamed due to the pain caused by this, but the woman just continued to
stimulate his dick. Then after some minutes she finally stopped and had a closer
view of his dick.

"Ooooohhh, you like that? See how it is fighting. Your toy of pleasure, so
frequently used for raping us really has problems being caged like this. Now it
really fills the cage to the limit. I will now tighten the strap at the root of
your penis, trapping the blood inside the penis, so making your hard on last for
a long time. Then I think we will drag the foreskin back revealing the head of
your filthy dick so you will really feel the bars of the penis cage. Then we
will insert a catheter and block your bladder for a while. It might hurt a
little inserting it swollen as your dick is right now" She said smiling at Hans
while dragging it backwards. The complaining sounds and look in his eyes clearly
indicated that it really caused him pain but it was nothing compared to the pain
he felt when the catheter was inserted.

"Aaaaauuuuuuuuuu, pleaaaasssseeeeeee stop" Doctor Hans screamed out.


"Don't be such a baby screaming like this! This is nothing compared to what you
will feel later!" Julie shouted laughing loudly. She really loved to see her
former tormentor being treated like this. Both Jane and Julie laughed enjoying
their former tormentor being humiliated and in extreme pain.

"OK sweet Hans, now you are ready for the next step of your preparation. We will
be kind and let you have your filthy bladder filled with real piss. We have
decided to fill it with some of the 'tasty' piss from the tank as nurse Heike
used to call it. In order to make it more interesting when we let you empty your
bladder we have added some salt to the piss. It will probably make you feel like
being in heaven when your are finally allowed to pee" Julie said smiling at him
while one of the other women attached a syringe to the tube of the catheter and
started to push the plunger. Doctor Hans started to scream again and the other
women really had to use all their strength to keep him still during the filling
of his bladder. When the syringe was empty they closed the tube again trapping
the mixed female piss in his bladder.

"OK, this was the front preparation before being diapered. Now for the back
treatment. As we want it all to happen as quickly as possible we have decided to
be generous and ram three suppositories deep up in your filthy ass. As well we
will fill your rectum with one litre vinegar in order to speed it up. We can't
have the diaper being dry for long!" she said while putting a pair of rubber
gloves on her hands and preparing a special tube for inserting the
suppositories. She then rammed the device deep up into his ass three times each
time leaving a 'goodie' deep inside him. Doctor Hans moaned in discomfort and
pain. During this insertion, two other former inmates had temporarily removed
his feet restraints in order to slip on a pair of thick, large rubber pants to
seal the diaper around his body.

"Good, I will now add the vinegar. Please be ready to fit the diaper as soon as
I withdraw the thick needle of this large syringe after filling his filthy
rectum with vinegar deep inside him. It won't take long before he can't hold
back any longer!"

She rammed the thick needle up into his rectum and pushed the plunger until the
syringe was empty. Then she withdrew the needle as quickly as possible and two
other women fitted the diaper and the thick rubber pants immediately and made
sure the wire and the tube of the catheter hung freely down the panties.

Doctor Hans again moaned in discomfort. He could already feel the suppositories
working in his rectum and the vinegar didn't make it any better! It didn't take
long before the sounds coming from him  left no doubt that he had put the diaper
to good use.

"Oh you naughty boy! Can't hold back! How disgusting! I'm happy you have been
sealed in these rubber pants and greased as well to make it water tight. But we
still miss something. The diaper is soggy at the back but what about the front?
We have to make sure it is soggy here as well. Otherwise it will interfere with
the experiment. We will add one litre of the female piss from the tank. Isn't it
nice that we allow you to feel women's piss on your swollen dick? In order to
speed up the process we have added salt to this piss as well. I'm sure the head
of your dick will love this! Maybe you would like to empty your bladder now that
it has been cleaned with female piss? I will be kind and deflate the rubber bulb
for the catheter and withdraw it. It might hurt a little when I do it but as you
are brave I don't think it will be a problem for you." She said smiling again
and then she withdrew the catheter quickly.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhh, please stooooooop. I can't take it anymore!"
doctor Hans screamed out.

"Nonsense! Stop these useless begging sounds; they just make me feel sick! Just
be brave and do your very best! I don't see why you can't take it when you
always told us that we could take it all!. Now I think you are ready to have
your diaper filled with tasty women piss in order to make it soggy all over.
When all this is done I think the rasp will have just perfect conditions! You
are only suffering in order to help children and so on, remember? As you will be
diapered almost all time during our treatment I'm happy that you are wearing
this nice chastity belt. Then we are still able to add current to your dick and
ass hole. We have decided to combine this test with a nice stay in the heat
chamber. You have always told us that heat inside the diaper is an excellent
condition to check diaper rash. Isn't it all so exciting for you? After this I
think you will be ready for a maximum current test and then we must decide what
to do next. All we need to finish your preparation is to chain your hands to the
neck collar. Otherwise I'm afraid you might remove the diaper and we can't let
you do that. It would interfere with the test and it really is important that
this doesn't happen. Don't you agree sweet Hans?" she asked him while two other
former inmates chained his hands to the neck collar.

OK Julie, I think he is ready for the next step of the 'experiment'! I can
easily imagine that he can hardly wait to continue the experiment" she said
laughing loudly while looking at Doctor Hans who had a look at his face that
clearly expressed extreme humiliation and pain.

"OK, then I doesn't see why we can't continue! We all have some work to do!"
Julie shouted and laughed loudly seeing Doctor Hans as miserable as this. He
really was in extreme pain and discomfort

Immediately all former inmates ran to the podium and busily used the whips and
cattle prods to guide the evil guards and staff members to the torture chambers
and cells to let their ordeals commence. The air was filled with screams and
moaning form the pain produced by the whips and cattle prods. The guards and the
staff members really feared what was to come and they would surely regret what
they had done to these poor women. They were all wondering how long they would
have to endure this treatment and soon they began to realize how all the poor
women had felt during their stay in this cruel prison. This uncertainty of the
future really was hard for then to take but right now there was absolutely
nothing they could do about it restrained as they were and with a crowd of armed
former inmates to take care of them. As some of them had tried the equipment on
lowest level they really knew that it would mean a lot of pain and humiliation
for them and there was only a minor hope that these women would show them any
mercy during the torture.

Jinny had the luck to be one of the former inmates responsible for the treatment
of nurse Heike.

"Hi sweet Heike. I'm happy to inform you that you have not been scheduled for
any treatment until tomorrow. You will have a nice rest before this. Can you
guess where you will sleep? I have made sure the piss tank is nicely heated
making sure you won't be cold during the night. Aren't you excited to have a
nice night sleeping in this tank? I bet you are! I'm sorry that this will make
you smell like a pig but I know that dirty pigs like you just love to be soiled
and smelly!" Jinny said laughing loudly.

"Nooo, please no! Remember that I released you a little before schedule as I
actually thought it was too disgusting too keep you like this! Please be kind to
me!" nurse Heike tried

Whack, whack. The whip spoke its merciless language making Heike scream again.

"Just shut up! I feel sick hearing you begging like this! You never cared at
all! You just loved to see us like this. Now it is pay back time and it will be
a pleasure for me to see you suffer exactly as I did. You really deserve it. I
actually think this treatment is too kind for you but I will think about
something better for you during a nice night of sleep in a warm bed. I think I
will sleep in your quarters and dream about you sleeping in the women's piss
tank that you have always loved. Remember to keep your bladder closed! Otherwise
you will be very sorry!" Jinny said laughing again.

"Maybe it is an idea gagging you with one of these nice sponge gags that is
continuously sucking up piss making it soggy all night. Do you remember it? You
always used to gag us like this if we were put in the tank for the second night
during our stay in this evil cage area! I think this will do you good, tasting
piss all night! And don't worry; I will let you try the nice cages as well. I'm
excited to see if you are able to take the size 9 plug deeply in your sweet ass
hole and a nice long ride on the horse as well as seeing if you can maintain
that exhausting squatting position for two hours as you ended up ordering us to
do" Jinny said in a soft and caring tone smiling at nurse Heike.

Ilsa had been taken to another area. First they had forced a funnel into her
throat and poured liter after liters of water into her stomach making it swollen
and hard. Then they had trapped her in the tiny standing cage and switched it
on. Ilsa knew what that meant. The water had to come out and as they had added
wires with crocodile jaws to her cunt lips and connected them to the plugs as
well, she knew it was only a matter of time before she wasn't able to hold tight
anymore and then her piss would run through the bars of the cage floor meaning
the current would flow along the cage floor and her cunt lips as well. Ilsa
suffered a lot this night and each following night she was scheduled to some new
and cruel treatment. During her stay in the cage they pierced her cunt lips and
nipples with rings, just to add to her discomfort.

"Rings in these places are just so convenient for further treatments for you to
endure. Enjoy your night! In the morning we think the rings will be ready for
use so that we will be able to attach weighs to them so stretching your smelly
cunt lips and your nipples! Isn't it all very exciting for you?" they asked her
laughing loudly.

In the Medical Experimentation Block the females 'responsible' for doctor Hans's
fun had managed to find out how to control the heat chamber. They had strapped
doctor Hans to a hard steel chair sitting on his extremely soggy and disgusting
diaper filled with both his own waste and urine and the old female piss from the
tank. The salt mixed piss and shit really had begun to do the work and he felt a
constant itching and discomfort in between his legs that just grew stronger and
stronger. Furthermore the chastity belt with the spikes pinched the sensitive
skin around his ass hole making it even more painful. He really hoped the angry
females didn't succeed operating the horrible chamber. He didn't like the idea
that he was supposed to be the victim trapped inside it.

"Bravo!!! Now we are getting somewhere. The temperature is increasing and we are
able to add heated water as well to make it filled with steam. I think the
'poor' sick doctor is looking forward to be inside this nice hot chamber. Please
chain him inside the chamber before it is too hot!" Jane said to the other
women.

Within a few seconds doctor Hans was looking at the women like he had done
before but this time he was looking at them from the wrong side of the window.
He was trapped inside in this humiliating diaper and the painful chastity belt
continuously causing him pain and discomfort. He saw how Jane was adjusting the
temperature and he dammed knew she had found out how to work this chamber. He
felt difficulties breathing and he could feel how the piss and waste inside the
soggy diaper and rubber panties increased its temperature making it even more
disgusting. He was sweating like hell. He was almost grateful when they added
water into his feeding gag almost choking him. He felt like he was on the very
limit to collapse but the temperature just continued to increase.

"He always told us that 120 degrees really was no problem. Now we must find out
if he can take it himself!" Jane said smiling to doctor Hans through the window.

"Aouch! Please be careful not touching the chamber or the window! It's really
hot! I think we will let him suffer like this for a while before we continue!
I'm sure Julie is looking forward to make him 'sing' using the control panel for
the electricity. Especially the chastity belt is excellent for this purpose but
I think some current for his teeth will do him good too." Jane said with a broad
smile to the women enjoying the show. Though they all thought doctor Hans
deserved to suffer like this some of them actually felt sorry for him but they
decided that as long as they didn't kill him he just deserved it.

All around the area the air was filled with the screams of the guards and staff.
Right now they were bitterly regretting that they had treated the inmates so
badly but it was too late to feel sorry now. They would just have to pay for
their cruelty without knowing for how long they would have to take this
unbearable pain and humiliation.

Back to Janet's cell

"Yvette, this slut really needs to be punished. It seems like she has learned
nothing at all! I know she has continuously been told that masturbation without
permission will be punished, but she seems to have forgotten about it. Mistress
Olga has obviously failed! I actually thought she was ready and that I would be
able to use her as I want, but she still needs more training. We need to teach
her a lesson making her remember that any lack of obedience will be punished.
Will you make sure she will be reminded for the next couple of weeks?" Master
Mick asked Yvette.

"Sure, there is nothing I would love more than treat this slut who has caused me
so much sorrow! On your feet and stand at attention! Any movement will make it
worse for you. My advice for you is to be brave and take the punishment you
deserve for your big mistake!" Yvette shouted out and gave me a hard stroke on
the ass with her riding whip.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuccchhh, pleauuuase noooooooooo" I screamed the best I
could into my horrible gag.

"Just a gentle touch to warm you up before the real punishment begins! This is
nothing compared to what you will feel within a few minutes, just wait and see!"
Yvette said smiling at me.

She then produced a steel rod and pushed it in between my elbows and my back. As
my hands was chained in the front it totally trapped my arms making me stand
with my breasts standing out proudly and totally exposed. She then kicked me in
the hollow of my knees making me fall down on my knees. I was then forced down
lying on my breasts. She attached a spreader bar to my legs and adjusted it so
my legs were spread to the limit of the feet chain. When this was done she
attached a chain to the ring at the back of my feeding gag and connected it to
the spreader bar. The chain was tightened until my legs were at the  level of my
waist, placing extreme stress on the muscles of my legs  and I could already
feel the initial cramps building up. It was really humiliating lying like this
with my soiled ass so totally exposed for these evil peoples. As they had kept
me in this dirty cell for a long time I looked miserable, dirty and smelly all
over with caked shit on my ass cheeks as I had not been able to clean myself at
all. The strange feeling resulting from this was, that though it was unpleasant,
my juices began to flow and I felt extremely excited. I didn't dare to show it
and right now I was actually happy that I was soiled like this between my legs,
because this did  made it difficult if not impossible for Mick and Yvette to
discover this excitement.

"There we are. How do you feel now? It's nice, isn't it?" Yvette asked laughing
loudly and I got one more of her so called 'educational strokes' on my ass
cheeks making them burn even more.

"As you obviously love masturbating I will let you feel a rod in one of your
holes. As your ass hole is almost exposed I suggest we let you have the pleasure
in this hole. I don't believe the data from your dossier. It can't be right that
you can't take more this place. We will try to push a steel rod of the right
thickness a bit further up into your rectum as this is supposed to be training
as well!" Yvette said while putting on a pair of latex gloves.

"I don't want my hand to be soiled with your smelly waste!" she said with a look
of disgust at her face.

 She then greased a heavy thick and long steel rod in front of my face, which
was forced backwards by the chain in an exhausting position giving me a clear
view of the intruder to come.

"You see this mark. This is what they think you can take. This short length must
be for babies. I'm sure you can take much more than this!" Yvette said while
pouring some grease onto her right latex glove. She then parted my ass cheeks 
with her left hand and greased my ass hole generously. She forced two fingers
deep up into my ass hole and turned them around inside me making me moan in
discomfort.

"OK, this will do it. Now lets see if I'm right that you are able to take more.
Just relax your ass hole the best you can, then I'm sure it won't be so bad for
you!" Yvette said. Master Mick took position behind me to have a clear view of
the test.

She took the steel rod and asked Master Mick if he would help her with the
positioning of the steel rod before she took over again. Mick took the steel rod
and Yvette parted my ass cheeks with her gloved hands.

"Now relax you dirty ass hole while we push the rod up into your filthy hole"
Yvette instructed me. I tried the best I could to relax though I didn't want to,
but I knew the pain would be worse if I didn't. The grease did help making it
not quite so painful but as the rod was relatively thick it caused me a great
deal of discomfort.

"Aaaauuuuuuuhhhhh, noooooooo, iiiitttt huuuuuuurts!" I moaned into my gag

"Nonsense! Stop these useless begging sounds! This is only the beginning. I will
now take over and do the real test. I will be able to notice when your legs are
beginning to cramp. When this occurs almost all females are able to take an
additional five centimetres without fainting! I really don't think it will be
any different with you" Yvette said laughing again, and started to push the
steel rod slowly up into my rectum. I moaned in discomfort but the cramps didn't
start yet.

"There we are, almost at the mark and no signs of any cramps yet. It really
looks promising! Now I'll slow down the pushing in order to let you feel it
before the real test begins. You are doing well you worthless slut. Just
continue to relax and I'm sure you will make us happy." Yvette said while
continuing to push the steel rod further up inside me.

Then the real test began. I felt some sudden sharp pains in my rectum and then
the unavoidable cramps in the entire lower body began. I screamed and screamed
into my gag but Yvette just continued to push the rod further up inside me. Then
she finally stopped.

"This will do it. I noticed the cramps and gave you a further five centimeters.
Now I'll tie the rod to your spreader bar and let you enjoy the sweet feeling
for a while." Yvette said. When this was done she sat squatting in front of me
looking into my face which was clearly indicating that I was in extreme pain and
discomfort.

"Master Mick and I will have a nice cup of coffee while enjoying your struggling
and pain! I was right that you could take much more. I actually think you have
beaten them all. Isn't it wonderful? Now try to relax and get used to the
feeling. Your body will gradually get used to it and the cramps will decrease in
strength. Just relax the best you can and you will find out that I'm right. I
have tried this before so I know exactly how you feel. Remember that this is
only done to help you remember that masturbation without permission will be
punished!"  Yvette said with a broad smile at her face.

"Relax! I thought. How is anybody be able to relax in a condition like this!
This bitch, I really hate her!" I was thinking while trying to relax the best I
could but it seemed impossible, due to the extreme pain in my rectum and legs.
The fact was that I felt like my entire lower body was in extreme pain and there
was absolutely nothing I could do about it. It really felt like their 'nice'
coffee break lasted for days but Yvette was right, the cramps and pain actually
decreased in strength and it became easier to relax and just endure the
discomfort and pain combined with the cruel intruder. I closed my eyes and tried
the best I could to cope with the pain by thinking about something else. "How
are you? Feeling good?" I was called back from my thoughts by Yvette's cynical
voice.

"Normally I would give the rod an extra push now you have become used to it but
as this isn't a maximum test I won't do this today. I think we will have plenty
of time for this later during your stay with us!" Yvette said smiling again. She
couldn't help rubbing her clit while enjoying my struggling. Master Mick had
allowed her to masturbate during the treatment of me as he knew well how much it
excited her.

"OK, enough with this! Now I want you to give her the real punishment for her
disobedience! I want her to be Tiger Striped as this will last for weeks. This
will be an excellent way to educate her as she will continue to be reminded of
her fault until the stripes have disappeared totally." Master Mick said

I didn't know what Tiger Stripes meant, but I was sure I would soon enough,
although I wasn't all that keen to find out and  later I realized that I was
right!

"What an excellent choice! I'm sure this will make her remember in the future!
It will be my pleasure to Tiger Stripe her! I will initially warm her up in
order to make it last longer. If she is firmly warmed up she will be able to
take much more! Do you want the extended version or do you prefer the limited
version?" Yvette said clearly excited about the next ordeal for me.

"I think the limited version will do it. She will have plenty of time to try the
extended version later. The limited version is quite an ordeal itself and I'm
sure it will do the slut good and make her learn her lesson!" Master Mick said
and took position in a comfortable chair with a beer in his hand. Though he was
hard to me I couldn't help to admire the way he was controlling Yvette. She just
did exactly as she was ordered and she always was extremely submissive when she
spoke to him. Again I had this strange feeling of being excited when controlled
like this. Something inside me really had changed during all this or maybe it
was a desire that I always had but it had gradually developed. I was really
confused as I hated myself for beginning to like this cruel treatment but I just
couldn't help it.

Yvette removed the chain keeping me head in this exhausting position. My legs
fell to the floor, quickly dragging the rod out of my ass hole causing me a
sudden sharp pain in my rectum and ass hole. Though it felt good getting rid of
this awful rod the pain still continued though it gradually decreased. My ass
hole remained open for a while but then it gradually regained normal size again.
Then Yvette produced a steel cage shaped like a head. I had no doubt what the
plan with this device was and within a few minutes this awful cage was locked
around my head totally encasing it in steel. The cage had a ring at the top.
Yvette attached a chain to this ring and then she moved to the far end of the
room and pushed a button. I heard a winch starting and the chain was tightened
dragging my head towards the ceiling. The cage really squeezed my face during
this process and I tried my best to follow the chain. Soon I was standing on my
feet with legs widely spread due to the spreader bar. She stopped when it was
tight but I was still able to stand with my feet on the floor. Then she attached
a chain to the front of my waist chain and walked behind me and dragged the
chain between my legs. She dragged it above my head and made sure my cunt lips
were on each side of the chain. Then the chain was tightened and locked to the
chain running from the ceiling. Now I had two choices. I could stand on my feet
and the chain was cutting up between my legs or I could bend slightly forward
standing on my tip toe and decrease the pressure between my legs. The problem is
that if your feet are spread like this it will cause you severe pain and
discomfort to stand on the tip toe after a few minutes. I was in this double
dilemma; I could choose between cramps or pain between my legs but I wasn't able
to avoid both of them.

"Oh, how beautiful you are looking! It must be nice for you!! I bet you love the
feeling. Now you are ready for the real test. Prepare your filthy ass for the
Tiger Stripes!" Yvette said laughing loudly and sickly. This cynical bitch just
loved to treat me like this.

"I will make your ass nicely red using this soft rubber whip in order to prepare
it. Then you will receive ten hard strokes with the paddle and then you will be
ready for me to stripe you. Master Mick wants me to give you at least ten
stripes on both ass cheeks. The stripes will be made with this flexible wooden
cane that I have presently placed in this pail of water in order to make it
soft.  I don't think I have to explain what Tiger Stripes means, as you will
soon find out." Yvette said while taking position behind me with the rubber
whip.

Whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, Yvette just continued and
continued to whip my sore ass. I wasn't able to move much due to my restraints.
All I could do was to scream into my gag.

"Shut up! This is only a caring touch compared to the paddle and the cane! Try
to be brave and take it!" Yvette shouted out. Yvette was dressed in a tight
leather harness making her breasts stand out proudly. They moved up and down
during the whipping. Master Mick was clearly excited enjoying the show. I could
see he had a huge hard on during my ordeal.

"This mean bastard! He just loves to see me suffer!" I thought.

Yvette continued this so called 'warm up' whipping for a while until it felt
like my ass was on fire. Then she finally stopped but only to take the broad
thick perforated rubber paddle to ensure that her stroked would be even more
punishing harder. She held the paddle in front of my face with a broad smile on
her face without saying anything. Her body was covered with sweat as it was
pretty hard work to operate the whip for such a long time. She actually looked
quite sexy, sweaty and harnessed like this. Then she took position behind me
again and aimed the paddle.

Whack!

"Count the strokes or you will have more!" she shouted out

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhh, oooooooonnnnneee" I screamed out the
best I could. I was breathing heavily trying to find the best position for
standing. The cage squeezed my face dragging in it and the crotch chain just
pressed up between my legs and cunt lips while I tried to cope with the extreme
pain from the cruel paddle. "Nine more to go before the cane! How will I ever be
able to go through this?" I thought.

Whack!

"Aoooouuuuuuuuuuuuaaaauuuuuuuuhhhhhhh, twooooooooooooo" I counted

Whack! Yvette just continued

"IIIIIIIIIiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiooooooooooohhhh, threeeeeeeeeeee"

"You are doing well! Just be brave and take the last seven! Then you are almost
finished!" Yvette said laughing loudly again. Master Mick was busy rubbing his
dick clearly excited watching all this.

.......... Whack!

"Ooooooooouuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuu, teeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen" I counted
very relieved that this was the final stroke with this horrible paddle.

But the next part was really the worst part of ordeal. Yvette tested the cane in
front of me in the air. The sound coming from it really oozed of pain and I knew
I would soon feel it. Yvette removed her crotch strap for a while and rubbed her
clit. Then she replaced it and with a satisfied look on her face she took
position behind me again. I really feared this next ordeal and my entire body
were covered with sweat. During all this cruel treatment in the prison I had
noticed that when I really feared something I began to sweat heavily. Yvette
cleaned my ass cheeks before commencing,

"Just in order to prevent infections if the cane inflicts open wounds." Yvette
instructed me with a broad smile.

Then she aimed carefully and gave me the first real stinger. This really was
extremely painful. The pain just continued to grow in strength and I could feel
how the skin swelled in the area just whipped. I just screamed and screamed and
screamed into my gag but Yvette just ignored my screams and continued the cruel
punishment. Between each stroke she inspected the weal carefully in order to
make sure it was like Master Mick wanted it. I really was on the very limit of
passing out before she was finally satisfied and gave my ass cheeks the final
two strokes with her bare hands and then stepping back. She admired her work,
with sheen of sweat covering her body from her exertions.

Yvette took position beside me again.

"You really did well! I'm sure Master Mick is satisfied. I even think he is more
than satisfied with your performance during this whipping. And believe me; It's
really important that he is! Otherwise you would have been in troubles again!"
Yvette whispered into my ears in a soft and caring voice like it really meant
something to her that I had done well. I just remained a silence as possible
though I was still crying after this cruel whipping. Again I had this strange
feeling being almost proud that I didn't faint during this cruel punishment.

Master Mick joined Yvette for this inspection.

"Very good slut Yvette! I'm sure this will teach her a lesson. Now I think she
is ready for the final part. Will you please release her and let her take
position in this hard chair sitting on her sore ass! Then I will prepare the
papers for her!" Master Mick said

"Papers? What does this mean?" I thought still feeling like my entire ass was on
fire.

Yvette released me and I just fell down on the floor totally exhausted. Yvette
actually was kind enough to help me and wiped the tears away from my eyes and
did what she could to make me feel better again. Then she forced me to sit on my
sore ass and strapped me to the chair. Before this she removed the rod giving me
more freedom to move my hands. It was quite an ordeal to sit on my sore cheeks
but I didn't dare to refuse. I certainly didn't want more caning.

"Well sweet Janet!" Master Mick started sounding almost friendly to me

"This was your initial slave test and you passed it with credit. I can inform
you that you are not in the prison anymore. You have been transferred to a
secret place. I didn't like what was going on in the prison anymore and as I
think we were about to be discovered, I decided to flee to a secret place
bringing you with us. I have noticed that you are beginning to love this hard
treatment meaning you actually are a true pain slut. Maybe it is a surprise to
you but that is the truth! As I'm proud of you that managing to endure all this
cruel treatment in the prison and now passing this final test with credit, I
will give you a choice. Yvette will you?" Master Mick asked Yvette

"Sure!" Yvette said and totally removed my restraints.

"As for the prison I can tell that I 'lost' my master key in the hands of a
inmate named Julie. I then by 'accident' told her where the weapons were located
and the time of the day I had ordered the crowd of guards and staff to be
gathered in the auditorium. Furthermore I 'lost' my watch in her hands making it
possible for her to make a plan. I'm sure they are presently having a lot of fun
with the staff and guards and in my opinion they really deserve it! I had to
carry out orders given from the top but I began to dislike it more and more as
time went by. Therefore I made this choice!" Master Mick told me while Yvette
removed my restraints.

"Now you feel naked! You know I'm right when claiming that you actually like
being restrained. You now have two choices. You can either sign this contract
meaning you will be my slave in the future. Choice two is that you don't sign it
and I will release you! Yvette will chain you again and you will be hooded. Then
she will transfer you to a secret place for further transportation and then
leave you in freedom. You will have money for going home again. You will never
be able to find us again as this place really is hidden. If you take choice one
you must accept being number two at least in the beginning! You will have a lot
of fun with Yvette as she actually loves you! She is not angry at you any longer
now that she has given you this final punishment. Whipping is one of her
favorites as you probably already know. Now make your choice. Either put on the
restraints again and sign the contract or stand up and let Yvette prepare you
for transportation to freedom. I know you might think this is another cruel
trick but this time I can assure you that I really mean this. After all you have
gone through you really deserve to make a choice concerning your future. Only a
few well trained slaves would be able to take all the pain and humiliation you
have taken." Master Mick said with a kind and warm smile at his face. He wiped
my eyes as I couldn't help crying due to the pain in my sore ass. Then he
removed the straps restraining me to the chair.

I was completely in shock hearing all this. I actually believed him when telling
me I could choose between these two choices. It felt a kind of strange as I
actually felt proud hearing all these kind words about me from the mouth of
Master Mick. I just couldn't help beginning to love these two people who had
been more or less responsible for all the cruel treatment I had gone through. I
did think about it all for a short while. Then I rose from the chair and gave
Master Mick and Yvette a big hug and then I sat down again on my still sore ass
and put on the restraints again. I took the pencil and signed the contract
handing over complete control to Master Mick with a broad satisfied smile at my
face. I had finally found my true home after a long journey including both
sorrow and happiness. Life wasn't that bad after all, life actually was
wonderful!

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Mick


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





