BDSM Library - The Key is in the Cum




The Key is in the Cum
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: John is enjoying his most elaborate self-bondage ever when Michelle, his girlfriend,unexpectdly drops by and turns his fantasy into reality.
The Key is in the Cum
By Tweak

For as long as I can remember I have always craved to be  tied up and rendered
immobile. I have been into self- bondage for several years now and recently I
upped the  stakes wanted to try something I had never done before. It  was the
most thrilling and embarrassing moment in my life.

Last Saturday, I knew that I had the whole day to myself  and that I could
indulge my favorite pastime. So I slept in  and woke up around 10:00 a.m. I was
so excited for this was  "the day" I was going to try something I had never done 
before. I had been planning for this day for the past  couple of months. I went
into the basement and got all of  the equipment that I would need. I then went
to the  refrigerator and removed the 6 plastic containers that I  had placed
there . They each were filled with about 2  ounces of my own cum. And at the
bottom of one of these 6  containers was the key to the handcuffs I would need
to  later release myself, the other five also had handcuff keys  but they were
filed down and would not work The containers  also had an inner lip around the
top. I placed these 6  containers in 6 different holders, I had especially made, 
that were scattered throughout the basement. The holders  were about 3' off the
ground and once I snapped the  container in place it took 2 two hands to get it
out. I  forced myself not to peek and see which container had the  key. It was
easy to do this while I was horny, the trick  would come after I came.

I was now ready to immobilize myself. I began by stripping  off all of my
clothes. I then put on my slutty clothes. I  put on a black thong, fishnet
stockings, 5" heels, a black  bra, bright red lipstick and a pink bow in my
hair. I then  bound my ankles with one of those heavy plastic cable ties  that
allow you to pull one end through the other and  tighten it as far as you like.
I took a smaller cable tie  and did the same thing to my balls. I then took
several  cable ties and made a chain hooking one to the other. I  then attached
one through the tie around my feet and the  other through the tie around my
balls. I wanted to be sure  there were no knots I could possibly undo. I was now
forced  to crawl around the room rather than walk. My balls being  secured to my
ankles made standing impossible. I next  attached another heavy duty plastic
cable tie through the  one on my ankle. It was coming close to the moment of
truth  and I took a deep breath before I proceeded further for I  was
approaching the point of no return. I then put on  nipple clamps and securely
tied a blindfold around my head  making sure I couldn't get it off. I then
picked up the  handcuffs and placed my hands behind my back. I snapped one  end
onto my wrist and then ran the other end through the  cable tie I had just
placed on my ankles. There was only  one thing left to do and this was by far
the hardest.

I had always loved self- bondage but I also liked the idea  of being "made" to
do things I never wanted to do. One of  things I always wanted to do was to
drink my own cum. The  problem was that it always sounded great while I was
horny  and I often shot my cum into a glass, but right after I  came I lost all
desire to drink it and ended up flushing it  down the toilet. So I came up with
this way to "force"  myself to taste my own cum. For the past couple of months 
every time I came I shot it into one of the 6 containers  and I saved these in
the freezer and I thawed them out last  night in the refrigerator. I had also
brought down a  cassette tape I had made which had me saying over and over  "You
are a fucking slut. You aren't a real man. You will be  forced to slurp cum like
a slut. You will be forced to eat  your own cumE " I pushed the play button on
the tape  recorder. And to make sure I did it even after I didn't  want to I had
to make myself cum this one last time. So  before I secured my other wrist I
began to furiously pump  him. It didn't take long before I was ready to cum. As
I  began to explode I quickly, and almost without thought,  threw my hand behind
my back and locked my other wrist in  place. I was now totally helpless and my
only chance for  escape was to find the key buried somewhere beneath my own 
cum.

I no longer relished the thought of drinking my own cum but  the nipple clamps
were prodding me along. I knew that I had  to get those off before the pain
became too great. I slowly  began to crawl to where I thought one of the
containers  were. I didn't realize how long it would take to me move  around the
basement. If tried to go too quickly my balls  were given a sharp tug that
quickly stopped all forward  progress. I finally fumbled my way to one of the 6 
containers. I tried in vain to back up to it and reach it  with my hands but my
hands didn't even come close to the  top. I was now forced to turn around and
feel for the key  with my tongue. I dipped my tongue into the container of  cum
and swished it around trying to find the key. This was  the most disgusting
thing I had ever done. I felt something  hard but there was no way of telling if
this was a good or  bad key. I pushed the key up the side of the container with 
my tongue hoping to push it out but I had forgotten about  the inner rim and the
key slid back down. I tried again and  again but the rim was too wide. I was now
forced to try to  "slurp" the key into my mouth. This meant, however, that I 
was forced to drink more of my own come. I finally got the  key in my mouth and
I then quickly dropped in on the floor  in front of my. I fell on my side and
groped for it with my  hands. As I felt it I knew at once it wasn't the right
key.

My search continued. My nipples were killing me, I couldn't  get the taste of my
own cum out of my mouth, and I had a  hard time getting myself off the ground so
I could continue  my search. I couldn't believe that I had done this to  myself,
but there was only one way out - the key! I crawled  to the second container,
after fumbling in the dark for  five minutes and repeated the same procedure as
before with  the same results, no key! As I crawled to the third  container I
was mad at myself for having come up with this  stupid idea and even shouted at
myself on the tape recorder  to shut up. The third and fourth containers also
brought no  relief. I imagine an hour had to have passed by now. I  hoped and
prayed that the fifth container would bring much  needed relief. I did as
before, but this time as I felt the  key I knew that I had the right one. I
smiled with joy and  shouted, "Yes! I got it! Finally!!" But to my utter 
amazement I heard, "Here, I'll take that!" and the key was  ripped from my hand.
I recognized at once the voice of my  girlfriend Michelle.

"John, I didn't know you liked this sort of thing."

"Michelle, what are you doing here? How did you get in? How  long have you been
here? Let me out." I fired these  questions off in a rapid voice for I was still
in shock. No  one had ever discovered me before, much less my girlfriend.

"Slow down big boy, or should I say sissy boy. I don't  think you are in any
position to be asking questions or  making demands. I have some questions for
you. First I  think I will call you 'Jane' instead of John since that  seems to
fit you better. How Long have you been down here  doing this? Have you done it
before? What makes you do it?  Why are you drinking your own cum?"

"Come on Michelle, let me out. These nipple clamps really  hurt!"

"Jane, as I said you are in no position to be making  demands. If you won't
answer my questions then I'll just  leave you to your little 'game'. Goodbye."

"No! Michelle, please don't leave. I'll tell you anything  you want to know."

Michelle then removed my blindfold so I could look at her.  It took me a minute
to get use to the light and once I saw  her sitting on the steps it was even
worse. IT was much  more embarrassing having her look at me like this.

"How long have you been doing this?"

"Michelle, before we go further can you please do one thing  for me? Take off
these nipple clamps, they are killing me."

"I guess I can do that much for you." As Michelle took them  off I began to
scream in agony. "What's wrong she asked?"

"It just really hurts like hell when they are taken off. As  the blood rushes
back into the nipple it feels like they  are literally on fire. Do you want to
know how long I have  been down here today or how long I have been doing this in 
general?"

"Both" she replied.

"I have been down here since 10:00 this morning. But I have  been doing stuff
like this for the past several years,  although today is the most elaborate and
crazy thing I have  ever done."

"Why do you do it? And why do you do it by yourself?"

"I have always, for as long as I can remember, had a desire  to be tied up and
immobilized. And I do it by myself for I  never had the courage to share it with
anyone before. I  always thought someone else would think I was crazy."

"Why are you looking for keys in your own cum?"

"I rather not talk about all that. It's too embarrassing."

"No problem. I'll just put these nipple clamps back on,  place your blindfold on
and leave you to your own demise."  Michelle began to move towards me.

"Please Michelle have mercy. Please let me go."

"John, as I said you are in no position to ask for  anything."

With that said Michelle put the nipple clamps back in place  even though I
struggled against her, but with the handcuffs  and my balls secured I was pretty
helpless. She then put on  the blindfold.

"Please Michelle" I cried "I am sorry. Please don't go!"

"Jane you had your chance. I am going out to lunch. When I  return I hope you
are in a more talkative mood." She then  left me alone.

As I sat there in tremendous pain from the nipple clamps  and no possibility of
escape I was both terrified and  excited. I was now truly in inescapable bondage
and being  "made" to do something against my will. It seemed like an  eternity
before Michelle returned.

"I'm back" she announced. I heard her walking around the  room for a while
before she removed my blindfold. "Are you  ready to talk now?"

"Yes" I quickly responded. "But will you please remove the  clamps again?"

"I think not, this time. I have a feeling that you will be  much more
cooperative if you have a little incentive. So  what's the deal about you
searching for keys in your own  cum?"

I had no choice to explain. "Michelle, I have always loved  self-bondage, but I
have also craved the opportunity to be  made to do something I ordinarily would
never do on my  own." I then explained in detail how I had been planning  this
particular day for the past couple of months.

"You really like this? You really like the idea of being  made to do something
you hate doing?"

"Yes, Michelle I do. It's strange though. I love the idea  of doing it while I
am horny, but after I cum I usually  lose all desire."

"Tell me more about all this bondage stuff? What are some  of your other
fantasies?"

I talked at length about the Mistress/slave relationship  and about all my other
fantasies. I even told her about  stories I had written and which were in my
bedroom closet.  I then begged Michelle to release me.

"In a moment , Jane. There is one more thing I must do."  She then put the
blindfold back in place and said she would  be back in a minute.

"Open your eyes, slave boy" Michelle ordered.

As I opened my eyes I saw Michelle standing in front of me  dressed to kill. She
had on a black bra, garter belt,  stockings, panties and a pair of high heels.
She also had  one of my black belts in her hand.

"What are you doing?"

"Quiet, slave! You will address me as Mistress Michelle, is  that clear?" She
said as the belt landed on my back.

"Ouch! Yes, it's clear."

"Smack, Smack, Smack" three more hits found my back. "Is  that clear?"

"Yes, Mistress Michelle."

"I am going to make your dreams come true. I am going to be  your Mistress from
now on and I will MAKE you do all the  things you have always fantasized about
but couldn't quite  bring yourself to do. We will begin by finishing the 
fantasy you have started."

Michelle then walked around the room and brought all six  containers and put
them on the floor in front of me. She  then went to the corner and brought over
a camcorder I had  not previously seen. She could tell I was in shock.

"Don't worry Jane, if you are a good slave no one but us  will ever see this.
But if you are bad who knows where this  tape may end up. Instead of going to
lunch before I went  home to change and get my camcorder. I hope you don't 
mind."

"Michelle, please don't do this."

"Smack, Smack, Smack! First of all I am Mistress Michelle,  secondly I'll do
anything I want, and thirdly slaves don't  talk unless spoken to first. Now
let's finish your  fantasy." She had me crawl over to the bottom of the steps 
as she sat in front of me with her legs wide open. She the  picked up a spoon
she had setting on the step.

"I am now going to finish giving you your own cum. I will  spoon feed it to you.
Open wide."

"Please Michelle I can't"

"You can't or you won't? I believe you can and you will.  Let's give you a
little incentive."

With that she took off my nipple clamps and quickly  replaced them again. I was
now screaming out in pain. My  nipples had never been so sore and tender.

"Will you eat your cum now or will I have to keep changing  these until you do?
I have all day, what about you?"

"Yes, Mistress Michelle I will eat my own cum."

"That's better. Now open wide." She picked up the first  container and started
to spoon feed me my own cum. It took  about 10 spoonfuls to empty the container
- and believe me,  she got every last drop. I grimaced after each bite. She  put
down the first container and looked at me.

"Is this what you like?"

"No, Mistress. I don't like my own cum."

"I thought you said you did?"

"I do and I don't. I a sure I will look back on this and  really be turned on
but now I just want to get it over  with."

"Well let's begin the second container. Oh wait! I forgot  one thing. Didn't you
say something about eating your own  cum without being the least bit horny?
Let's make sure you  aren't horny at all. I am going to milk him before we go 
any further."

"Oh no! Not that. I'll do anything!"

"Why are you talking back to me with that attitude? I am  just helping you live
out your fantasy. You will have to be  punished for that outburst." She once
again changed the  nipple clamps and I was dying from the pain.

"Please stop Mistress. Please milk me, but please don't  change the clamps
again!"

"Very well." With that Mistress Michelle began to stroke my  cock and when I
exploded she made sure to catch every drop  in the container. "Tell me how you
really feel now?"

"Mistress, I really, really don't want my own cum but if  you want me to I will
eat it." I had no other choice but to  say that. I then remembered a quote I
once read about  nipple clamps. It said that, "nipple clamps can make a  puppy
dog out of the strongest man" and now I knew that was  true.

"I do want you to. So let's begin." She then slowly and  deliberately fed me the
other 5 containers."

"You have been so good. You have eaten about 16 ounces of  your own cum. You now
know what I feel like when I had to  drink your cum before. But you know what,
from now on I  don't think that I will be the cum drinker in this  relationship.
And besides, I think you have another gallon  or two to make up before you catch
up with me."

Mistress Michelle finally removed the nipple clamps and  massaged blood back
into my nipples. That was the most  painful experience of my life.

"Jane, I have one more thing to do before I release you. I  have to take this
tape and put it somewhere safe to make  sure that you will never find it.
Remember, only you and I  will ever see it again, unless of course you are a bad 
slave. I will be back in a little bit to set you free.  Don't go anywhere." With
that she took the camcorder and  went upstairs.

As I sat there bound on the floor I realized that my  greatest dream and
nightmare have come true on the same  day.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tweak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





