BDSM Library - Piece of Meat




Piece of Meat
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl is used for no other pleasure except her Master's.
Piece of Meat

I flinch.  Your arm comes down again.  I cry out.  "Shut up, slut.  Take it like
the whore you are.  You don't deserve any better than pain that I give to you." 
I let out a small whimper as i realize the truth of your words.  I am nothing
but your painslut, your fucktoy to be used for your pleasures.  Your pleasures
often involve my pain, but you love it.  You make me beg for it. I beg you to
abuse my body, my mind, my soul.  My wrists are restrained above my head in
metal shackles.  The chain hangs off a solid wooden beam.  I could hang by my
weight if you wanted.  I am standing straight, my ankles caught in a spreader
bar.  My knees are slightly bent.  Red cuts and blue welts can be seen across my
back, my ass, my tits, and my throbbing pussy.  The bigger blue ones were from
your wide leather belt, the smaller cuts from a humiliating thong designed to
hurt.  My hair falls down over my face as my neck cannot support my head any
longer.  You gaze at me, and laugh at my exhaustion and your handiwork.  My back
is covered with a fine sheen of sweat.  You stand in front of me, fully clothed. 
You grab my head by my hair, forcing me to look into your eyes - the same eyes I
fell in love with.  But they lack the gentleness they once held.  "You're a
worthless little bitch i couldn't get two dollars for. You're only good to hurt. 
I'll throw you away when i'm done with you, and you'll have nothing to do but
fuck anything for two bucks.  You'd like that, wouldn't you, whore?"  You spit
into my face.  I do nothing but blink slowly.  I had been breathing hard, but
your words made me stop cold.  I begged you, pleaded you with my eyes to not
give me up.  I try so hard to be a well behaved set of holes for you to use.  I
begin to try to manipulate my body so that you could see my need to be kept
yours, my need for you.  You laugh in scorn and slap my face hard.  Fresh tears
spring to my eyes but i do not make an audible noise.  I stay standing, hanging
by my wrists, my eyes to the floor.  I take deep, ragged breaths, dreading the
thought of what you will next do to me.

You trace your fingernails along the bloody cuts and raised bruises.  You decide
to pinch a few of them to see if they will offer you any more blood.  My knees
almost collapse with the pain, but my wrists hold me up.  You walk around my
whipped body, marvelling at your art.  You lift your finger to your mouth to
taste my blood.  You tell me it's sweet.  In my mind, i beg for you to stop, but
i know that you won't until you are satiated for a time.  You begin to let your
fingers trail around my burning cunt.  Ofcourse, my pussy is wet.  After
everything you have given to my body today, it is slick with my juices.  You
mock me and call me a sick slut, getting off on pain and abuse.  I blush
furiously all the way down my neck, because it wasn't true.  I hoped to God you
would not do what i thought you would, but you will, and i wasn't about to
object.  An objection to anything you did to me resulted in a punishment far
worse than anything i would have to endure for you.  You insert two fingers into
my cunt, then three, and four.  Your hand is then bathed in my girl cum, until
it is slippery and covered in the opaque substance.  And then it happens.  You
have four fingers in me and, using a hard and constant pressure, are forcing
your hand into me.  Tears start to stream down my face, but i resign, and lower
my knees however much i can, to help you fist my cunt.  I feel you beginning to
slip inside, little by little.  I gasp when the final thrust happens, and your
knuckles slide past my tight hole.  You smile as you tell me you feel my pussy
spasming at the intrusion, and you push and pull whilst deep inside me.  I cry
at the pain, but there is a disturbing pleasure to feel as my walls are being
stretched wide.  I moan, and gyrate my hips in an obscene display to let you
fuck my cunt with your hand.  You enjoy the sight of your wrist at the entrance
to my pussy, and begin to twist your fist inside.  The sensation is too much for
me, and my breath begins to quicken.  "What a nasty little fuckbitch, getting
off on my hand inside your pussy.  You love to have your cunt stretched wide...
but no, worthless toys like you do not deserve any pleasure.  I am going to hurt
you."  With your hand still in my pussy, you begin to insert two fingers into my
little asshole.  I fight the full feeling i have of being filled with your hand
as i try to relax to let you in.  No such luck.  Your nails are long, and you
are impatient and rough.  I feel my ass tear inside as you force your fingers
in.  It has been days since you last used my ass, and days since you've fed me. 
You're unhappy with the fact that you can't get your fingers in comfortably, but
grinning evilly as you think of what pain i will take as you sodomize me.  I am
on the edge of orgasm when you pull out of my cunt, leaving me to gasp in
despair at the emptiness in me.  You force me to lick your hand clean with your
other in my hair, and grab me by the throat when i do not respond right away.  I
work my tongue over your hand as quickly as i can, despite my exhaustion and
hunger.  i know what's in store.  I see it in your eyes.  And what i think about
most, is how you won't even undress to use me.

Your hand is clean.  You wipe it dry in my short hair.  My pussy is still
throbbing from your fist being in it, still throbbing for the orgasm it never
received.  But i won't get one.  You would be displeased if i derived any
pleasure from it.  You get your leather thong again, the sharp, cutting material
in the palm of your hand.  There is not enough blood on me, you think.  You
begin to switch me, hard.  My sensitive skin opens right up under your expert
administrations.  The red liquid runs down in pretty rivulets against my light
skin.  You continue to walk around me, switching my skin where there are not
enough marks.  Pretty soon, there is not one square inch where there was not a
cut, a bruise, or blood.  But, you are still not satisfied.  And i'll never be
satisfied.  You walk away, only to come back with a salt shaker.  I start to
tremble, but you only mock my fear.  I tense up, but surprisingly, you speak
soothingly to me.  "Don't worry," you say as you stroke my tear-stained cheek,
"The pretty marks will go away.  I just want to give you unbearable pain while
they are still open!" I had relaxed in your stare.  Big mistake.  You had
unscrewed the cap with your other hand behind my back and poured the contents of
the shaker onto my body, into my freshly cut wounds.  A blood-curdling scream
escapes from my lips, but you quickly clamp a hand over my mouth and slowly
begin to asphyxiate me.  The pain is unbearable, and i almost pass out.  But
no... it is not to be.  You slap my face over and over again, harder each time. 
My body is a vessel of pain.  I begin to murmur senselessly in pain and
suffering, but you won't hear of it.  I vaguely hear the sound of your zipper
falling before i feel you behind me, your cock poised at my ass. 

I attempt to change your mind, to fuck my cunt, please use my pussy, i can't
take anymore... but it only spurs you on.  Your right hand finds your way to my
delicate throat and squeezes, the other guiding your cock to my tight hole.  I
am a mass of pain, but even then... with a powerful thrust you manage to force
your head in.  I would have screamed if you were not slowly choking me to death. 
You try to keep going, but it is much too dry.  You curse at me, as i am even
more useless than a three holed whore.  I am making it difficult for you to use
me.  You do not enjoy it.  You pull out, much to my dismay, and i look up with
partially closed eyes to see your cock peeking through your zipper.   You're mad
at me.  You want me to suffer, but your need is controlling you.  You need to
get in my ass.  You decide to use my lubricated pussy juice, as well as your own
saliva, to wet your cock enough to slide into me comfortably.  I've lost feeling
in my back; most of the blood on my skin has dried.  But the cock at my asshole
brings me back to attention.  You give a hard shove, and the first few inches go
in, no problem.  I scream against your hand, but you can't stand it.  You reach
behind you, grab your leather belt, and loop it twice around my neck, securing
it tightly closed at the belt loop.  Now, i barely have enough air to breathe,
let alone shout.  I scream silently as i try to writhe off your cock, but you
enjoy the stimulation.  With both hands at my hips, you use my body to fuck into
you, my wrist restraints clinking gently while you do.  You've managed to fit
your huge cock into me before the saliva dried.  Now, as my asshole is stretched
to fit you, you start fucking me against you harder and harder.  I can do
nothing but gasp air in whenever i can, and pray i can pass out.  However, you'd
never allow that.  I bounce against my restraints as i am forced to fuck you
involuntarily.  By the time you cum, i will be too exhausted to care what
happens to me.  You tear off the belt from around my throat as you send your
sperm deep into my anal passage.  Before that, you make me beg for it.  "Please
cum in my asshole... good whores take it up the ass because they love to feel it
drip... please..."I beg breathlessly.  You slam into me one last time before you
cum deep into me.  I feel it, spurt for spurt, your thick, hot cum.  By now, i
can barely breathe.  I want to pass out from the pain.  You pull out of me, and
unchain my wrists.  I fall to the ground in a heap immediately; they were the
only thing keeping me upright.  I don't even try to move myself.  You chuckle a
bit, before you walk around to my head, and grab my hair, leading my mouth
towards your soiled cock.  I open dutifully and you fuck my face with your
deflating cock, until it is all clean.  You stand up, zip up, and walk away from
me, the used whore on the floor.  My legs are still held spread open - it is
clear to see my gaping asshole amid my bloody body, the salt grains spread all
around me.  I am a used piece of meat. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Miss Suki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





