BDSM Library - My Life In A Cage




My Life In A Cage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A husband begs and begs his wife to take complete control of his life with no chance of getting out of it once it starts. One day she takes him up on the offer and his life is forever changed!
My Life in a Cage 
By Tweak

My name is "tweak" and I am being commanded by my Mistress 
Madam L to write you this story. She has given me the name 
"tweak" because it stands for "tit-warming-eager-ass-
kisser". 

I asked, begged, Madam L to take complete control of my 
life for many months and one evening she decided that my 
request would be granted. 

As she began that fateful night she whispered into my ear, 
"You should always be careful for what you wish for. You 
may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, 
as wanting!" 

It was an ominous warning and my life, or rather the life 
that was mine and is now hers, will never be the same. Here 
is my story. Laurie and I had been married for a year. For 
months I had been trying to get Laurie to be the true 
Dominatrix. She has in the past tied me up and spanked me, 
but I knew her heart was never completely into it. She 
would hit me with a home-made whip I made from leather shoe 
laces, but the whipping always stopped well before I hit my 
threshold. 

One day I was so frustrated that I just said to her, 
"Laurie, don't you know that I have been longing my entire 
adult life to be someone's slave, to be completely under 
their control? I want to be told when to stand, when to 
sit, when to speak, when to go to the bathroom, when to 
talk, when to look - I want to be made to do things I would 
never do on my own."

"I have tried John to be dominant, but I don't know if I 
have it in me to do what you really want," she replied.

"Why is it so hard for you?" I asked.
 
"Because I don't want to hurt you. Whenever I start to hit 
you hard or try to be mean you give me those sad puppy dog 
eyes and I just have to stop," she said.

"Don't you know that's part of my fantasy?" I said. "I want 
to try to stop you with my witty remarks and sad eyes, but 
I want you to say to me. That won't work! I don't care how 
much you cry, beg or scream I am going to make you do 
whatever I want!"
 
"Do you really, truly want me to take control and not give 
you any say in what happens no matter what?" she asked.
 
"There's nothing better I would enjoy more in the whole 
world," I said with a joy that went to the depth of my 
soul. "I have been keeping a diary in my bottom drawer 
describing my perfect fantasy."

Several weeks went by since that conversation and I was 
beginning to resign myself to the fact that Laurie just 
didn't have it in her to be the sort of Mistress I wanted 
and needed. I owned my own business, and I was fairly well 
off financially and I often had to travel in my line of 
work. 

I had been gone on business for a week and I came home from 
the airport around 3:00pm one afternoon. 

As I walked into the house I shouted, "Laurie, I'm home". 

I didn't hear any response so I walked through the house 
looking for her and when I walked into the bedroom I saw a 
note on the bed that said, 

"Welcome home 'tweak'. 
That will be your name from now on. 
If you know what is good for you, and I am sure you don't, 
you will follow my instructions: get undressed, take a 
shower, and come down into the basement dressed in the 
clothes I have laid out for you. 
Your Mistress 

Madam L."

I couldn't believe my eyes. Laurie had never done anything 
like this before. In the past I had to be the one to 
initiate any domination role-playing. I was excited. I 
thought to myself that this was progress and I wondered how 
far she was willing to take this game. I did as I was 
instructed. 

After taking my shower I put on the clothes she had laid 
out for me which consisted of black panties and pantyhose, 
a black bra, a white silk blouse and a red spandex skirt. 
On top of this she had me wear 4" heels. 

I then proceeded down into basement and when I got to the 
bottom of the stairs I saw the door leading to the back 
room standing open with a light coming from it. As I walked 
through the door my heart almost stopped. 

What used to be a 16'x 20' bare room was now transformed 
into a dungeon beyond my wildest dreams. Laurie was sitting 
on a chair, or should I say throne, that was against the 
back wall. She was dressed like the dominatrix I always 
dreamed about. She was in a leather outfit with a whip in 
her hand that made her look like she meant business. She 
looked like she wasn't playing and that this was for real.
 
As I began to collect my senses, I looked around the room 
and saw devices I had only previously seen in my bondage 
magazines. There was stockade, a bondage table, a cross, 
numerous whips, chains, hoods, gags and other instruments 
of the trade. And in the corner was something I thought I 
would never see - a metal cage! I had always dreamed about 
being locked in cage and hearing the 'click' of the lock as 
I stared out helplessly from behind the bars. The cage was 
about 4' long, 3' wide and 3' high. And the bars were about 
1" thick and were spaced about 4" apart. A person put in 
there would stay in there until someone let them out.

After I recovered from all this I asked, "What is all ...?" 

There was a whack from her whip as Laurie had approached me 
and hit me hard with it across my thigh. 

"Silence!" she demanded. "From now on I will speak and you 
will listen. Is that clear?" 

"Yes," I replied.
 
She hit me twice.
 
"Don't you know how to properly address your Mistress?" she 
asked. "This is the fantasy you've been waiting for your 
whole life, isn't it?"
 
"It is," I replied and she hit me three times. Each blow 
was harder than the one before it.

"I see what you're trying to do," she said. "You want me to 
'make' you address me properly, don't you? I don't think 
that'll be a problem. After today there will be no more 
problems. You will come to realize in a hurry, or at least 
for your sake I hope you do, that I am in charge. But then, 
again, why do I care if you are a quick learner or a slow 
learner? I am not the one who will be disciplined.
 
"Now turn around 'tweak'," she commanded. "Tweak will be 
your new name from now on for I think it fits you very 
well. It stands for 'tit-warming-eager-ass-kisser'. Do you 
like it?"

"Yes, Mistress," I said with a sense of smugness on my face 
for having addressed her properly. 

"And besides being 'tweak' you will also be my sissy slut. 
You are now a she and not a he. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

She caught my sly look and said, "You don't get it yet, but 
you will. You think you're cute with your laid back 
attitude and smug posture but all that will change - in 
fact it is changing as we speak. Turn around and put your 
hands behind your back." She had said all that with an 
authority I had never heard before. I quickly did as I was 
told and I felt a pair of handcuffs securing my wrists 
tightly.

"Tweak, you're now mine," she said. "There is no escape. 
Life as you once knew it is now over. I hope you really 
believed everything you told me several weeks ago for 
you're now going to live your fantasy." 

After saying that she quickly cut a whole in the crotch of 
the pantyhose and looped a leash around my balls and tugged 
until it was tight. I felt a chill go down my spine. She 
led me over to the stockade and put my head into the center 
hole and then locked the top in place. She then wrapped a 
rope around my bound wrists and looped it through a ring 
secured to the ceiling. She tugged on the rope so my hands 
were raised a foot above my back. She then secured my 
ankles to the base of the stockade spreading them apart. I 
had never been so vulnerable in my life.

"You may have noticed, tweak," she began. "That this room 
is no longer the way you remembered it. I have made a few 
changes, or should I say three very wonderful gentlemen 
made changes for me. Oh, by the way are you comfortable?" 

She then raised my red skirt revealing my panty clad ass 
and whacked it!

"When I ask you a question I expect an answer immediately. 
Are you comfortable?" 

"Yes, Mistress." 

"Good," she said "now back to what I was saying. The floor 
has been carpeted, the walls have been sound proofed and 
all the equipment you now see is real and of the highest 
quality. This little 'project' cost you $20,000, I hope you 
don't mind."

"I will now commence your training," she said with a 
sinister smile upon her face. "In a little bit you will be 
put into your cage. I know you can't wait for that to 
happen, can you, tweak?" 

"No Mistress. I cannot. I very much look forward to a long 
time in my cage," I said politely.
 
"I was counting on you saying that," she said. "To begin we 
are going to play a little game, the first of many. I am 
going to take a whip and beat your ass until you beg me to 
stop. For each hit you endure without begging me to stop 
I'll let you spend an hour in your cage. If you last ten 
hits you'll get 10 hours. If you only can endure 4 then you 
only get 4 hours. Is that clear, tweak?"

"Yes, Mistress," I said. This was a dream come true. I 
couldn't wait to be confined in my cage. I steadied myself 
to accept her first blow.

"Tweak, count as we go along," she commanded. "And thank me 
for each one." 

Whack. 

"One. Thank you, Mistress." 

Whack. 

"Two. Thank you, Mistress." 

Whack. 

"Three. Thank you, Mistress." 

These were no love taps she was giving me. After I reached 
ten she told me that she was just beginning. All I could 
think about, however, was how many hours I would get locked 
in my cage. 

"Tweak, we are now going to up the ante if you don't mind." 
From the corner of my eye I saw her pull out a small block 
of ice from a bucket and I quickly broke into a cold sweat. 
"Was it you tweak, who told me that if you iced someone's 
ass and then hit them that it would hurt a lot more?" 

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! 

"Did you forget my rule about answering my questions 
without hesitation?" 

"Yes, Mistress. I did forget. I'm sorry. It was me who told 
you about the ice."
 
"Tweak I thought you would learn more quickly. But don't 
worry I won't give up on you - ever!" she said with that 
sinister smile. She then lowered my pantyhose and panties 
and began to rub the block of ice on my already red ass. 
She kept this up until I felt numb. 

"We are now ready to begin again," she announced. "Let's 
see, we were at 10. Those four you received for not 
answering my question obviously don't count!"

Whack! 

"Ahhhh," I screamed. I was not at all prepared for such an 
intense sting.
 
"Poor tweak," Madam L. cooed. "It's a shame that, that one 
didn't count. You didn't say 'eleven' and you forgot to 
thank me. We can't start breaking the rules now, can we?"
 
"No, Mistress," I hurriedly said.
 
"That's good tweak. Remember this is no longer about what 
you want. You are now being controlled by me -and I decide 
everything for you. Now let's begin again."

Whack! 

"Eleven. Thank you, Mistress."
 
Whack! 

"Twelve. Thank you, Mistress."
 
On the 21st one I screamed, "Please Mistress. I can't take 
it anymore. Please stop."

"What's wrong Tweak? Don't you want to spend a whole 24 
hours in your cage" 

"I do Mistress, but I can't take the pain anymore."
 
"Tweak, Tweak. What am I going to do with you? You say you 
want to spend an entire day in your cage and yet you don't 
want 4 more strokes. Well I am going to make it easy for 
you. You don't have to decide ever again. Don't you 
remember? I am now making all of your decisions for you. 
And I say you will beg me for the last four, is that 
clear?" 

"Yes, Mistress may I please have 4 more stokes!"
 
Whack! 

"You call that begging? Tweak do you think I'm only talking 
to hear myself talk? When I tell you to do something you 
better damn well do it? When I say beg, I mean beg. This is 
what I want, not what you want."

"Pleeeeease! Pleeeease Mistress. Please whip me 4 more 
times."
 
Whack! 

"Twenty-one. Thank you Mistress."

Whack! 

"Twenty-two. Thank you Mistress." After this one I 
literally began to cry out loud. 

"What are you doing Tweak?" 

"I'm crying Mistress. It hurts so bad."
 
"Did I tell you that you could cry tweak?"

"No Mistress," I said as I fought back my tears.
 
"Tweak, let's see - what is that phrase that you said your 
parents used to say when you were a child? I remember now; 
'If you don't stop crying, I'll give you something to cry 
about'. I don't know if they meant it, but I sure as hell 
do! If you want to cry then you'll have to ask my 
permission first. Is there anything you want to ask me 
tweak?" 

"Mistress may I pleeeease cry? Please let me."

"Only little children cry Tweak. If you want to cry then 
you had better ask me like a child."
 
"Mama, it hurts. I have a big boo boo and I have to cry. 
Pwease let your little tweaky cry."
 
"Okay little tweaky, I'll let you cry." 

Whack! 

Whack! 

Whack! 

After Madam L. finished her 24th stroke I was truly wailing 
like a baby. 

"Tweak, you now get to go to your cage." 

At last I was going to get my reward, or so I thought. 

"Before I let you go, though, I am going to put these 
nipple clamps on you." 

She opened my blouse and lowered my bra and then applied 
the clamps quickly to each nipple, and I felt as though I 
were on fire. "Tweak, I won't take these off until you are 
in your cage. These will give you incentive to move 
quickly. There is also one more thing I must do before I 
release you." 

I could hardly think straight from the pain inflicted on my 
ass and nipples. 

"Tweak, I can't help but notice that your dick is hard. 
Ordinarily I would not be surprised by that except for the 
fact that you told me only moments ago that you were a 
little baby. Now babies don't have hard dicks, do they 
tweak?"

I couldn't believe my ears. I knew at once what Madam L. 
was thinking. She had every intention of draining him 
before I was placed in my cage. She knew perfectly well 
that my fantasies were exciting while I was hard, but that 
as soon as I came I would want them to end. I couldn't face 
the idea of being locked in a small cage for 24 hours 
without being horny.

Whack! 

"Did you forget our rule? I asked you a question, do babies 
have hard dicks?"

"No Mistress."

"Obviously my whipping you for not answering in a timely 
fashion is not working." 

As she said this she removed the nipple clamps, and before 
I could fully register that pain, she put them back on in 
the opposite direction. Now I was fighting back the tears 
once again. 

"Tweaky, I'm going to help you out. I'm going to take away 
that hard dick for you if you beg me to." I could hardly 
hear her words for I was engulfed in pain. "Tweaky, I want 
you to beg me to get rid of that hard dick."

"Pleeease Mistress. Pleeease help tweaky to get rid of his 
hard dick." I could not believe those words were coming 
from my mouth.

"Okay, Tweaky. Mistress will help you." 

As soon as she finished saying this she began to pump me 
furiously. It wasn't long before I was ready to explode. I 
did not relish the thought of spending a day in that cage 
having just come, but I was also dying to explode.
 
"Tweaky, there is one more thing I want you to do. You 
weren't very good tonight. You did not always obey me. I 
don't think you deserve to come in a pleasurable way. I 
want you to beg me to make you tell me right before you 
come so I can take my hand away and deny you the pleasure 
of enjoying your orgasm. Is that clear Tweaky? If it is 
then do what I asked."

"Pleeease Mistress, pleeease make me tell you right before 
I come so you can take your hand away. Tweaky doesn't 
deserve to have a 'good' come tonight."
 
"Okay Tweaky, you convinced me. You have my permission to 
tell me to stop right before you come. And God help you if 
you don't!"
 
With that she began to pump vigorously. After a few moments 
I was near the brink. Every ounce of my being wanted to 
explode but for the first time in our relationship I knew 
she was not kidding. After a few more moments I screamed, 
"Pleeeease Mistress stop! I can't take it any more."

With that she removed her hand and placed an object I could 
not see under my pulsating dick. I began to shiver and all 
at once I exploded. She held that thing under my dick until 
every last dropped drained. I was now frustrated, 
humiliated, tired and still in pain. The clamps hurt more 
than ever now that I had come. 

"Tweak, I know you want to get loose, but that won't 
happen. Don't even give me those sad eyes if you know 
what's good for you." 

Madam L. undid the rope holding my wrists up and she opened 
the top of the stockade freeing my head. She then led me by 
my balls to my new home. This wasn't really necessary for I 
wanted to move as quickly as I could to get those damned 
clamps off.
 
"Tweak, you may now go into your new home." 

I got to my knees and crawled through the door of the cage. 
After I got through, and before I could turn around, I 
heard the steel clang of the door closing and then I heard 
the click of the lock. As I turned around and saw Madam L. 
through the bars of my new home I realized what she had 
said earlier when she reminded me that, "you may find that 
wanting is not always so pleasing a thing as having."

Madam L. removed the clamps and massaged blood back into my 
collapsed nipples. I thought I would die from the pain. She 
then removed the leash from my balls. 

"Tweak, do you wonder where your come went?" 

"Yes I do, Mistress."

"Well here it is," she said as she produced a baby bottle. 
"You had quite a load for a little baby. I hope you don't 
have to come again. Every time you come while you are in 
your cage it will be into this bottle. And any come you 
have in this bottle at the end of your 24 hours will be 
your first meal. Let's see if you have to come again." 

Madam L. began to stroke my cock again and it wasn't long 
until it was rock hard. 

"Does baby tweaky have another hard on?" 

"Yes Mistress."

"You know what you have to do, don't you. Don't make me 
tell you." 

I immediately knew what I had to do. "Mistress pleeease 
help tweaky to get rid of his hard dick. And pleeease make 
me tell you right before I come."
 
"Ok Tweaky, since you begged so nicely I'll help you come 
and I'll let you beg me to stop right before you explode."

After a couple of minutes I was begging Madam L. to please 
stop. I again came in the baby bottle. I thought I was 
drained before, but now I was completely spent. I did not 
want to be in this cage any longer and I wanted the 'game' 
to end. But Madam L. knows me too well.
 
"Tweak, I know what you are thinking. I know you want to 
get out, but don't you see there is no 'getting out'? You 
are mine. This is no longer a game. I control you. I 
control when you are punished, how you are punished, if you 
can cry and how you will come. Tweaky I am now going to go 
upstairs and lie down. I want you to stay in your cage and 
think about your new home and your new life. And don't you 
dare come! I have a camera in the corner and will be taping 
your every action. I will be back every 4 hours to see if 
your dick needs to be drained. Is that clear?" 

"Yes Mistress."

"Before I leave I want you to be able to see the man! The 
"baby" you've become." She placed a large mirror on the 
wall opposite my cage. "As I leave to go to bed I want you 
to beg to kiss my ass hole good night."
 
"Mistress may I pleeease kiss your ass hole. Pleeease let 
me kiss it good night."
 
"You may, Tweak." With that she backed her ass near to my 
cage and gently moved the leather panty covering her ass 
hole. I gave it a long kiss. 

"Tweak I think I am going to like this new arrangement. I 
hope you do. I'll see you in four hours!" 

With that she left the room and slammed the door shut. 

'What have I gotten myself into,' I thought as I tried to 
get comfortable in my new home for the next 24 hours.
 
As I lay there, trying to get as comfortable as I could 
with my hands still bound behind my back and confined in 
such a tight space, I wondered how all this had happened. 
Did I really do this to myself? Is Madam L. really going to 
control my life from now on? And I knew that the answer to 
both of those questions was a resounding "Yes". 

I had no idea what time it was for there were no clocks in 
the dungeon. There were also no windows so I would not be 
able to tell when dawn arrived. Time passed very slowly. I 
had dreamed of being confined in a cage for years, but not 
like this. I was now very, very sore and worst of all I had 
no desire to continue with this fantasy. When Madam L. 
drained me that second time she also drained my fantasy. I 
was now forced to live out a fantasy I did not want.

After what seemed like days I heard the door to the dungeon 
open. Madam walked in looking refreshed after her nap. I 
watched her as she sauntered over to my cage. When she 
reached the cage she snapped her finger once. I looked at 
her quizzically.

"Tweak," she said, "this is the first command I want you to 
commit to memory. From now on whenever I snap my fingers 
once I want you to get down on your knees and bow before 
your Madam L. If I snap my fingers a second time I expect 
you to give my ass a long and loving kiss. Is that 
understood?"

"Yes, Mistress." 

"Let's try this again, shall we?" 

She again snapped her fingers and I quickly took my humble 
position. And as before, she backed her ass near to my cage 
and gently slid her leather panties to the side revealing 
her ass hole. This completed, she snapped her fingers 
again. I pushed my face as far through the bars as I could 
and gave her ass hole a long and tender kiss. When she was 
satisfied she pulled away and adjusted her panties.

"Tweaky is there anything you would like to ask me?" 

I had dreaded this moment for the past 4 hours but I knew 
what I must do. "Yes, Mistress will you pleeease drain my 
dick and make me tell you right before I come so that I 
won't experience any pleasure?"

"Yes, tweak I will help you drain your dick and I expect 
you to tell me before you come."

As it happened before, she pumped my cock until I begged 
her to stop, at which time she emptied another, 
unsatisfying load of my cum, into the baby bottle. 

When finished she put the top on the bottle and snapped her 
fingers. I assumed the position and waited for the second 
snap. I could not believe that I was bowing before my once 
timid wife waiting to hear her merely snap her fingers in 
command. I felt like "Pavlov's dog" being conditioned. When 
I heard that second snap I kissed her as I did before.

"Tweak, be sure to stay put and rest up. I will be back in 
4 hours." 

As I watched her walk out door and saw the door shut behind 
her I knew that this was going to be a long, long 24 hours. 

When Madam L. returned the second time I was both dreading 
and longing for her return. I was dreading the inevitable 
"milking", but I needed her help to go to the bathroom. It 
had now been over 10 hours since I last went. 

The door finally opened - "Snap". I assumed my position. 
"Snap". I kissed her ass. I again begged her to milk me and 
deny me any pleasure in the process. 

"Tweak, is there anything you wish to ask me before I leave 
again?" 

"Yes, Mistress may I pleeease go to the bathroom?"

"Tweak, that may prove to be a little difficult. You can't 
leave your cage for at least another 16 hours and you can't 
even touch him with your hands behind your back. But don't 
worry, I told you I would make your decisions for you." 

After she said that she went to a set of drawers against 
the fall wall and came back with a Diaper! And not only was 
it a diaper, but it was hot pink with little yellow stars. 

"Tweak, since you are a 'baby' I see no reason why you 
shouldn't be allowed to wear a diaper if you beg me for 
it." 

I thought I was humiliated before, but now I was sinking to 
a new low, and yet I knew what I had to say and do. 

"Mistress will you pleeease let your poor little baby wear 
a diaper?" 

"Yes, tweaky I will grant you this privilege. I want you to 
be still as I put it on you. Lay on your back." 

I did this quickly. She then reached through the bars and 
once again attached the dreaded nipple clamps. This time 
there was a string connected to each. She pulled each 
string to the bars at the top of the cage and tied them 
off. I could not move without inflicting much pain. 

"Tweaky, these will keep you still. And they will assure 
you will co-operate, for they won't come off until I have 
your diaper on."

I did not move an inch as Madam L. removed my pantyhose and 
panties and then positioned the diaper in place. When she 
was finished she removed the clamps and stepped back to 
admire her handiwork. 

"Tweaky, I want you to know that these are diapers just 
like babies wear. I hope you noticed the little yellow 
stars. These will stay bright yellow if you stay dry. If 
you wet in your diaper the little stars will fade away and 
tweaky will be sad. So try to be a 'big boy' for mama and 
keep your little diaper dry." 

"Snap" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap" 

I kissed her ass.
 
After Madam L left I looked into the mirror and could not 
believe the image I was seeing. Here I was, a grown man, 
and owner of a very successful business, sitting in a cage 
wearing a pink diaper trying not to lose my little yellow 
stars. 

I felt the urge to come for as long as I could, but 
eventually I had to pee. It is such a strange feeling to 
pee in your pants. After I relieved myself I looked down 
and saw that all my little yellow stars were gone. I knew 
Madam L. would be disappointed. And I also knew that I 
would have to sit in a wet diaper until she returned.
 
The door finally opened again. 

"Snap" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap" 

I kissed her ass. 

"Tweaky, what's happened to all your pretty little stars? 
Did baby have a little accident? Were you a bad little boy? 
And talk like a baby to answer me?"

"Yes, mama. Tweaky went wee wee." 

"That's ok, I'll make things better." And as before she had 
me lay on my back as she re-attached the nipple clamps and 
secured the strings to the bars at top. She removed my 
diaper, powdered my ass, applied lotion and put on a new 
diaper. "There, tweaky. All done. Does that feel better?" 

"Yes, Mistress it does." 

And the strange thing about it was that it did feel a whole 
lot better. I could not believe that I was literally happy 
to be in a dry diaper - the wet one was driving me crazy. 

"Tweaky, I hope you can do better this time. Madam wants to 
see those pretty little yellow stars when she returns. If 
you can't show me how big you can be you'll never get your 
'big girl' panties. And you do want those, don't you?" 

"Yes, Mistress I hope to one day wear my 'big girl' 
panties." 

"Snap!" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap!" 

I kissed her ass.

After she left I once again saw myself in the mirror. I 
cried once again when I realized that the brightest hope of 
my future was to one day wear "big girl" panties. 

"Snap" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap" 

I kissed her ass.

"Tweaky, let Madam see your diaper. You are such a 'big 
girl'. I can see all your pretty yellow stars. Madam is so 
proud of you. I have a special surprise for you being so 
big today." Madam proceeded to pull a pink "binky" from 
behind her back. "Open your mouth like a big boy."

I opened my mouth and began to suck on my new toy. As I did 
so Madam L. just looked at me and smiled for she knew I was 
dying on the inside. 

"Madam also has a couple of other surprises for you as 
well. I have some ribbons and bows for your hair and a pair 
of earrings. Lay on your back so I can put your nipple 
clamps on."
 
Before I even knew what I was doing I dropped the binky 
from my mouth and began to plead with her. "Pleeeease don't 
put those clamps back on. I promise not to move." 

"Snap" 

I assumed the position. 

"Tweak, why are you talking? Did I give you permission to 
talk?" 

"No, Mistress." 

"Did I give you permission to take the binky out of your 
mouth?" 

"No Mistress I'm sorry."

"I'm sure you are sorry, but not as sorry as you are going 
to be. Don't you remember that I am the one in complete 
control? That is what you have been begging me to do for 
months and I intend to do it. I couldn't care less what you 
want. Of course you wouldn't move if I didn't put those 
clamps on, but I want them on anyway. Do you have a problem 
giving me what I want?"

"No, Mistress." 

"Tweak, raise your head and stick out your tongue." As I 
did this she presented me a very small bar of soap. "Suck 
on this until it dissolves."

I have never had my mouth washed out with soap before, but 
I assure you it is not a pleasant experience.

"Tweak, do you realize what you are doing? You are sucking 
on a piece of soap because I told you to. I am making you 
wash your mouth out with soap. Here I am 5'5" and 125 lbs; 
and there you are 5' 10" and 200 lbs. and I am making you 
live in a cage, wear a diaper, come in a bottle and suck on 
soap. And you thought by telling me 'no' that you would be 
some type of macho man. You aren't a macho man, you are not 
even a 'big girl, but a little baby that has to learn not 
to talk back to an adult."

When I finished the soap she ordered me on my back and she 
placed the nipple clamps in place. She put yellow and pink 
bows in my hair and on my pubic hair. They also had 
pictures of "barney" on them. She placed the snap-on 
earrings in place. She released the clamps and stood to 
admire her work. She did not forget to milk me as before.
 
"Snap" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap" 

I kissed her ass. 

She placed the binky back in my mouth. "I want you to keep 
it there until I take it out. You only seem to get in 
trouble when you talk. This way you can't talk. See you in 
four hours tweaky." 

It seemed hard to believe that my life had changed so much 
in a little over 12 hours.
 
I must have fallen asleep for I did not hear Madam L. open 
the door and "snap" her fingers. I awoke to a sharp tug on 
my balls. As I felt the pain, I immediately dropped my 
binky and let out a scream - "owwww!"

"Tweaky, why are you talking if you are supposed to have a 
binky in your mouth and why haven't you assumed the 
position?"

I was still in a daze not quite realizing where I was or 
who was talking to me. 

"Tweaky, have you also decided not to answer when spoken 
to? Have you forgotten everything I have tried to teach 
you?" 

"No, Mistress I haven't forgotten." 

"Then you are wilfully disobeying me tweak!"
 
"No Mistress I would never do that." 

"Tweak, have you ever heard of the '3 strikes' and you're 
out rule when it comes to criminals?" 

"Yes, Mistress." 

"Well, tweak you are out on strikes. 1) You took you're 
binky out; 2) You did not assume the position and 3) You 
did not answer my question immediately. And since I am the 
Judge and Jury in this case I sentence you to a severe 
flogging and an indefinite sentence in your cage." 

"Mistress I'm sorry. Pleeease forgive me." 

"Tweak, you stupid fool. You just added to your punishment. 
Now assume the position so I can put on your nipple 
clamps."
 
I quickly did as I was told and laid on my back while Madam 
L. attached the instruments of torture. When these were in 
place she opened the door to my cage and led me to 
stockade. Once again my head was placed inside and my hands 
were raised high above my back exposing my ass. 

"Tweaky, where are your little stars? Did you wet your 
pants again?" 

"Yes, Mistress."

"Well, maybe it's my fault pushing you to be a little baby 
too soon. From now on until I say otherwise you will be a 
little puppy dog. This means you will not speak at all. If 
I ask you a question you will answer like a dog. One 'wuff' 
for no and two 'wuffs' for yes. Is that understood?" 

"Wuff, wuff." 

"Good boy. Now let's begin." 

Madam took the first few minutes icing my ass to make it 
good and cold and then she began with the cat-o-nine tails. 
After the 10th hit I screamed - "Owwww!"

"Tweaky, what are you doing? Dogs don't say 'ow' only 
humans do that. If you want to make noise then whine or 
whimper like a dog. Is that understood?" 

"Wuff, wuff." 

Madam then switched to a riding crop and after a few hits I 
began to whimper but when the pain became too great I 
started to say "ow" again. 

"Tweaky, you are not a human and I will not let you pretend 
you are. If you can't sound like a dog then don't sound 
like anything at all." 

With that Madam L. told me to open my mouth into which she 
inserted a ball gag. This was very effective and 
terrifying. Madam L. continued to whip me for another 10 
minutes. I was crying in the gag to have her stop but she 
could not make out my pleas. I was really hurting but I was 
completely helpless. 

Madam L. finally stopped her assault and released me from 
my restraints and led me back to my cage. I was happy to be 
back, for inside at least I was safe from her whip. 

When I was safely locked away Madam L. told me that before 
she took off the nipple clamps she wanted to put some 
"paws" on my hands. I quickly stayed still while she did it 
for my nipples were killing me. With the paws in place she 
removed the handcuffs and took off the clamps. 

"Tweaky, you now have your hands free, but you will find 
out that they aren't much good without fingers and thumbs." 

The 'paws' kept me from using any of my fingers.

"Tweaky I will leave you now. I have to go out and get some 
things taken care of. Don't worry, I'll be back eventually. 
Here is the key to your cage. I'll put it in the lock. I'll 
give you one last chance to back out of your offer of me 
taking complete control. If you want out just turn the key 
and open the door and life will go back to the way it was. 
If you are still here when I return then I'll assume this 
is what you want from now on."
 
"Snap!" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap!" 

I kiss her ass. 

As she left and closed the door I realized that my escape 
is only inches away but with my hands confined the keys are 
out of my grasp. I lay in my cage and begin to whine.

"Snap!" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap!" 

I kissed my Madam's ass.
 
"Tweaky, can I assume that you want the present situation 
to continue?" 

"Wuff, Wuff." I had no choice but to answer "yes" for I was 
trapped. The paws were locked in place and there was no way 
that I could use them to turn the key in the lock. 

"Tweaky, I thought after experiencing everything I have 
done to you these past 24 hours that you would have wanted 
to end this 'game', but what do I now? I suppose you are 
more stupid than I thought. Well, it's your life - or at 
least it was. Now it's mine! I own you tweak, do you know 
that?" 

"Wuff, wuff." 

"Do you realize that you are a dog and will be a dog for as 
long as I want you to be?" 

"Wuff, wuff." 

"I went to the store and bought you some gifts. Would you 
like Madam L. to give them to you now?" 

"Wuff, wuff." I knew this wasn't going to be good but what 
could I do. 

Madam produced a brown shopping bag and pulled out a dog 
collar that said "tweak" and it had an ID tag which listed 
Madam L. as my owner; The Cage as my address, and Mutt as 
my breed. Next she pulled out an electronic collar that 
went around my balls and snapped it into place.

"This tweak, is my control collar. When I push this button 
on the remote, the collar will give you an electric shock 
for up to 5 seconds. The settings are 1 to 8. They tell me 
that 8 is quite painful; although it won't leave any 
permanent damage. Would you like to see how it works?"

The thought of being "zapped" terrified me and before 
thinking I barked once - "wuff."

"Was that a 'no' tweak? That's not what Madam L. wanted to 
hear." As she said this I jumped off the ground for she'd 
pushed the button.

"Tweak, that was only a 3. Are you going to be a good 
puppy?" 

"Wuff, wuff."

"Ok. Now for your next present today." She pulled out a can 
of dog food. 

"Tweak you must be hungry. Do you realize that it's already 
Saturday afternoon and that you haven't eaten in nearly a 
day? No, I guess you wouldn't have any clue what time it is 
down in this windowless dungeon.

"Tweaky when I open this can I am going to put this into 
your brand new dog dish." She pulled out her final 
"present" which was a bowl with the name "tweak" printed on 
it. I want you to eat this whole can like you really like 
it." 

She opened the can and put it in the bowl. As it "slopped" 
in I could hardly believe my eyes and nose. She placed it 
in the cage in front of me.

"Tweak, I bet you are thinking to yourself that this is 
gross and that it couldn't get much worse. Aren't you?"

"Wuff, wuff!"
 
"Well, you're wrong again. Before you eat this I am going 
to milk you and place your cum over the top for gravy. 
Would you like that?"

"Wuff, wuff!" I was forced to answer.
 
She grabbed my cock and began to pump furiously as she 
placed the bowl below me. "Remember tweak, you can't come 
in a pleasurable way. Before you come bark and let me 
know."

I tried to hold out as long as I could but after a few 
minutes I was ready to explode. 

"Wuff, wuff, wuff, wufffff..." 

Right before I came she removed her hand and my cum landed 
on my dog food. Now I really didn't want to eat it. Madam 
L. picked up the bowl and placed it before me. 

"Tweak since you are no longer a baby you won't need your 
bottle so I will take the cum in the bottle and add it to 
your gravy. Would you like that?"
 
I hesitated a little too long for I felt another shock. 
This one greater than the last. 

"Would you like that tweak?" 

"Wuff, wuff." 

Madam L. opened the bottle and poured, what looked like a 
ton of cum, over the dog food. 

"Tweak you better eat this food like you really enjoy it. I 
am going to give you five minutes to eat it all. If you 
aren't done by then I'll shock you every 15 seconds until 
you are. Tweak you may begin eating - bon appetite!"

I had no choice but to begin my meal. Without my hands I 
was forced to stick my face into the bowl. I quickly had 
dog food and cum all over me. The taste and texture were 
horrible but I knew I had to eat quickly. I must have 
finished before the five minutes for I was not shocked. 

"Good boy tweak" Madam L. said as she patted me on the 
head. Let me wipe your face. "Here is a bowl of water to 
wash down your meal." 

I had to lap up the water with my tongue. 

"Tweak, you sound just like a dog. Finally, you are acting 
and sounding like the puppy you are." 

"Get a good night's sleep tweak. You won't need this light 
on anymore if you are a puppy." With that she turned off 
the light and closed the door leaving me in total darkness.

As I laid there in the darkness whimpering I knew I had a 
long time ahead of me. Madam L. told me it was only 
Saturday afternoon and that she would not see me again 
until tomorrow. What had I gotten myself into? I was still 
hungry and my body was beginning to cramp for it was hard 
to stretch out in such a small place, especially with my 
new "paws".

I don't know how long I slept or how long I was awake. 
Being in complete darkness is a very disorientating 
experience. I imagined constantly that I heard sounds and I 
expected the door to open at any moment but it never did. 
In the beginning I feared Madam L's return but after a 
while I would have been glad for anyone's company. 

After what seemed like an eternity I began to hear the 
slightest rumbling above my head. Was Madam L. finally 
awake? Was she using the toilet or taking a shower? I could 
not take this any longer and I didn't know what to do so I 
began to bark- "Wuff,wuff,wuff,wuff..." I could not help 
but stare at the door.

After what seemed like an hour I began to see the first 
crack of light as the door slowly opened. I saw Madam L. 
enter through squinted eyes for the light hurt. 

"Is tweaky happy to see his Mistress?"

"Wuff, wuff, wuff, wuff, wuff!" I replied as I bounced 
around in my cage as best I could. I was so excited to see 
Madam L.

"My, my. Aren't you the frisky little puppy dog this 
morning?" she smiled as she patted my head through the bars 
of my cage.

"Wuff, wuff."
 
"Tweaky, you are so cute. I bet you are the best little 
puppy dog in the world. Aren't you?" 

"Wuff, wuff, wuff, wuff."
 
Madam L. couldn't contain herself anymore as she broke out 
into laughter. 

"Snap!" 

I assumed the position 

"Snap!" 

I gladly kissed her ass. 

"Would tweaky like his breakfast?" 

"Wuff, wuff."
 
"Since you seemed to enjoy your meal so much yesterday I 
got you the same today." 

The dog food fell into my bowl.

"Tweaky, do you want your breakfast?"

"Wuff, wuff."

"Well too bad. I have one thing to do first. I have to milk 
you first because you need juice for your breakfast and 
it's going to hurt a hell of a lot more after you come. Are 
you going to let me do this to you tweak?"

"Wuff, wuff." 

I had no choice and literally no say in the matter. Madam 
L. milked me as before and I whimpered and yipped right 
before I came so she could stop before I enjoyed my climax. 
After coming I lost all interest in breakfast and could not 
believe I wanted Madam L. to visit me so badly only moments 
earlier.

"Owwwwwwwww," I could not believe the pain.
 
"Tweak when will you learn? People say 'ow' and dog's 
whimper. Let's try again."

"Yiiipppppe!" 

"Now show your mistress how much you like your breakfast or 
else."

I quickly began to devour my new found cuisine. 

"Tweaky, I am glad that you are enjoying your breakfast so 
much. I don't feel so badly now about the bacon, eggs, 
toast and juice I had this morning knowing that you are 
enjoying your breakfast as much as I enjoyed mine." 

When I finished my "breakfast" Madam L. wiped the dog food 
and cum off my face and gave me a large bowl of water to 
lap up with my tongue. 

"Does Tweaky have to use the bathroom? That's right dog's 
don't use bathrooms. Do you have to go tweak?" 

"Wuff, wuff." I not only had to piss but I had to relieve 
my bowels as well. 

"Ok, tweaky I'll let you relieve yourself, but first I have 
to get you ready. Lay on your back so I can put on the 
nipple clamps." 

I immediately complied. 

"Next I have some ankle cuffs for you and a ring for your 
scrotum. I am just too good to you." 

As I lay there Madam L. attached the ankle restraints and 
then attached a chain from them to the ring around my 
balls. I could crawl by taking small steps but I could not 
stand up. Madam L. then attached a leash to my neck before 
she opened the cage. 

"Let's go tweaky, you only have a few minutes, I have 
things I need to get done today." 

She led me by the leash to the corner of room where she 
spread out some newspapers. 

"Ok tweaky you may relieve yourself." 

I was in shock. I thought she would let me use the toilet 
but I was wrong - again. I started to pee until Madam L. 
said, "Tweak, what kind of dog are you? Lift your leg when 
you pee." 

I lifted my leg as well as I could and began to pee. I had 
to squat to take a shit. Needless to say, this was a first. 
I tried to go but, the thought of going on newspapers and 
in front of Madam L. made it hard. 

"Does tweak need some help? I can give you an enema if you 
like? Do you need that?" 

"Wuff!"
 
"Then you better damn well begin shitting now. Well tweak, 
is this what you thought it would be like? Did you ever 
think I would tell you where and when and how you would 
shit?" 

"Wuff."
 
I began to go and after a minute I was finished. 

"What are you looking at me for. Clean up your mess. I'm 
not your maid." 

I looked puzzled. 

"Tweak, take your mouth and fold up the four corners of the 
newspapers toward the middle. When you get all four corners 
together pick it up and crawl over here to this little 
dumpster I have for you." 

This sounded easy but it was very difficult with the 
restraints Madam L. had me in. After 5 minutes I completed 
my task. 

"Good boy, tweak. It's not true what they say. An old dog 
can learn new tricks. Now crawl over to this corner." 

In the other corner there was a little raised platform with 
a drain in the middle. A faucet with a little hose came out 
of the wall. 

"Tweak get up on the platform and raise your ass so I can 
spray it clean." 

The water was freezing. When Madam L. was satisfied I was 
clean she led me back to my cage and locked the door before 
removing the nipple clamps. I had almost forgotten how much 
they can hurt as I began to whimper and yipe. 

"Tweak, I am impressed. I did not have to shock your balls 
at all. Maybe you can be house-broken after all. I'll see 
you later tweak."

I could not believe that she was not undoing my ankle 
restraints. I looked at her with a quizzical glance, but I 
dared not speak as a man. 

"What's wrong tweak, is there something on your mind? Is 
there something I forgot?" 

"Wuff, wuff!"
 
"You are such a good puppy. I did forget something." 

"Snap!" 

I assumed the position. I was waiting for the second "snap" 
but it did not immediately follow.
 
"Tweak I have another gift for you and I almost forgot. 
Thank you for reminding me. I bought you a dog tail. So 
next time when you are happy to see me you can show me that 
by wagging your tail." 

With that she pulled out a butt plug with a tail attached. 
I had never had one in me before and I dreaded what was 
about to happen. 

"Now relax," she snickered. She slowly inserted the tail 
into my ass.
 
"Tweak you are so cute! Wag your tail for Madam." 

I wagged the tail the best I could. 

"Snap!" 

I kissed her ass. 

"I'll see you later tweak and you better have something up 
your ass when I return. I'll leave the light on this time 
so you can admire your new tail." 

After Madam L. left and closed the door I stared at myself 
in the mirror and was in disbelief. I had eaten dog food 
twice, I pissed and crapped on newspapers, I had a tail 
stuck up my ass and I was forced to crawl like a dog. All 
this was horrible, but it also made me think of how more 
worse things could get - and I was powerless to stop my 
descent into the world I longed and begged to enter a month 
ago. 

I don't know how long I was left alone in my cage, but it 
had to be at least 5 or 6 hours before Madam L. returned. 
My entire body was sore and cramped from being confined in 
my cage with my hands and feet immobile. I was even, once 
again, at the point of hoping that Madam L. would soon 
return. 

I faintly heard noise above my head and I began to get 
excited. I faced the front of my cage the best I could and 
I faced the door anxiously awaiting its opening. It was 
about ten minutes before Madam L. entered. 

Previously each time Madam L. entered she was dressed like 
a "Dominatrix Bitch" so I was surprised to see her in 
jeans, a pullover sweatshirt and white tennis shoes. I 
could not believe that this was the same person who has put 
me through "hell" these past two days. It was even more 
humiliating, in a way, seeing my wife like this. It made 
sense in my mind that a dominatrix could do this to me, but 
not my innocent looking wife. Madam L., as always, read my 
mind. 

"Tweak, don't for a second think that I am not your 
mistress and owner. Just because I am dressed like this it 
doesn't mean that you aren't mine to do with as I please. 
You may not have a 'normal' life to lead any longer, but it 
doesn't mean that I don't. I still have places to go and 
things to do. It is kind of funny, though, to see me like 
this and to see you naked in your cage with a collar around 
your neck and a 'zapper' around your balls. Don't you think 
so?"

"Wuff, wuff."
 
"And here I am freely coming and going as I please; while 
you are confined and cramped. You can't even speak. Tweak, 
you used to be so tough, but now you're my little puppy 
dog. Show me how much you missed me."

I began to bark and wag my tail. 

"Good boy," she said as she patted my head. 

"I have a new game for us to play. I am sure you will just 
love it. In this game you will have some control over your 
own fate and you will be able to say just one word like a 
real person. These are the rules. I have on a pair of 
panties under these jeans and all you have to do is pick 
the right color. If you are right you can have a break from 
your cage. If you are wrong you will have to spend another 
day in your cage. Do you understand?"

"Wuff, wuff," I was excited about the prospect of getting 
out but I didn't know what color I should pick.

"Ok tweak, what color panties is your Madam wearing?" 

I hesitantly said, "black."

"Oh, I'm so sorry. That was the wrong answer. I guess you 
don't want to get out of your cage today. You had a chance, 
but I suppose you like your cage too much. Would you like a 
second chance?" 

"Wuff, wuff." 

"Don't you want to know the rules first?" 

"Wuff, wuff."
 
"Here is the rule. If you stop now I will remove the 'tail, 
the 'paws' and the ankle restraints and I will give you a 
'real' meal and I'll let you speak again, but you will have 
to stay in your cage at least until tomorrow when you will 
have another chance to guess the color of my panties. If 
you guess now and you are right I will do everything I just 
said and I'll give you a break from your cage. But if you 
are wrong then you will stay like you are until your next 
guess tomorrow. Bark once to stop now and bark twice to try 
again."

I didn't know what to do. I wanted to eat and have more 
mobility, but I wanted out of my cage. I said, "Wuff, 
wuff."
 
"Tweak you are stupid, but brave. What is your guess?" 

"White!"
 
"Tweak, you are still my puppy dog" Madam L. said as she 
pulled down her jeans to reveal her pink panties. You will 
stay like this until we try again tomorrow. I will bring 
you your 'doggy food' later."
 
"Snap!" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap" 

I kissed her ass as she pulled back her pink panties. 

"Tweak, you are the weakest link- good bye!" she said as 
she turned off the lights and left the room. 

I sat in the darkness dreaming about what it could have 
been like if I had only said "pink" instead of "white". 'I 
was now trying to out guess Madam L. and think of what 
color she was going to wear tomorrow. I couldn't believe 
that my "freedom" depended on my wife's panties. What have 
I gotten myself into?' I thought, as I dozed off.

I awoke as I heard the door open. I could see Madam L. 
carrying a bowl with my dinner in it. 

"Tweak, are you hungry girl?" 

"Wuff, wuff."
 
"Well sit up so I can place your food under the 'gravy 
ladle'. You don't want your food dry do you?" 

"Wuff" 

Madam began to pump my cock and as I got close to cumming I 
whined and yipped indicating that I was ready to explode. 
And as usual Madam stopped and my cum came out sprinkling 
my dinner with "gravy" as she called it.
 
"Ok tweak, your dinner is ready. Eat up before it gets 
cold." 

As I was eating I saw Madam L. out of the corner of my eye 
rummaging through her "war chest" of equipment. When I 
finished she patted my head and told me that I was her good 
little puppy dog and she wiped my face clean and gave me a 
bowl of water to lap up. 

"Tweak, I have another surprise for you. I know how much 
you hate cumming right before I punish you or feed you your 
food. Do you want me to stop milking you?" 

"Wuff, wuff." I could not believe my ears. I hated my cage 
and everything I was forced to do, but maybe if I was 
allowed to be horny it would at least be tolerable.

"Tweak you will get your wish, but I hope you know what you 
are doing. I thought you would have learned by now what I 
said to you before - 'You may find that having is not 
always so pleasing a thing after all as wanting' - Tweak 
you will not cum again for quite some time." As Madam L. 
said this she pulled a device from behind her back.

"Tweak, this is a 'chastity tube' and I am told that they 
are quite effective. It should be for the amount of money 
you paid for it. By the way, keeping you in such comfort is 
not cheap. The food alone is breaking me. You will be 
expected to pay for your own keep with the allowance I give 
you, but I'll explain all that later. Back to the 'chastity 
tube', I am going to put this on you and it will not only 
prevent you from cumming but it will also 'discourage' any 
prolonged erections through discomfort. You'll see how it 
works." 

Madam L. commanded me to lay on my back and she placed the 
nipple clamps on. She fitted my now very placid cock into 
the sheath and placed a ring around my scrotum which she 
padlocked into place. She removed the nipple clamps and 
stepped back to admire her work. 

"Tweak, you may not fully appreciate now what I have just 
done to you since you have been milked constantly these 
past two days, but in due time you will. I call this device 
your 'pussy collar'. Would you like to know why I call it 
that?" 

"Wuff, wuff."

"Tweak I heard a joke a number of years ago. God was 
talking to Adam and He said, 'I have some good and bad news 
for you. The good news is I created a pussy, but the bad 
news is I put a woman in charge of it.' Well, not only am I 
in charge of the pussy, I am also in charge of your 
pathetic little cock. I am going to let you in on a little 
secret - I am going to tell you what 'PUSSY' stands for. It 
stands for 'Privation Until She Says Yes'. So you see 
Tweak, God gave me control of the pussy and my Pussy just 
took control of your dick. Enjoy this moment while you can 
tweak. I'll see you tomorrow morning. Good night, puppy 
dog."
 
With that she turned off the light and left the room. For 
the moment I was relieved and happy that I was going to be 
allowed to get horny, but I was also scared. I had never 
gone very long without either having sex or masturbating. 
And what really worried me was that Madam L. knew me better 
than I knew myself, and if she was anticipating discomfort 
then maybe I should have thought more before asking not to 
be milked anymore. 

It was a very long night as I waited for Madam L's return. 
I was constantly re-positioning myself the best I could 
trying in vain to get comfortable. I finally heard faint 
noises above my head as I did the day before. Was Madam L. 
awake and moving about? 

I was anxious for Madam L. to return for the darkness was 
driving me crazy. At last she opened the door and entered 
wearing a robe. 

"Good morning, tweak. I hope you slept well. I spent a lot 
of time and money on making your accommodations the best I 
could. It is now time for our little game. What color 
panties is your Madam wearing this morning?" 

I had thought long and hard about my answer. Was she going 
to trick me and wear pink again? Was she going to wear a 
color I already picked thinking I would not pick that 
again? I had decided sometime during that long night to 
stick with "Black". 

"Oh, I am so sorry tweak. You are wrong again. Would you 
like to go for the double or nothing?" 

I was tempted to say "no" but I thought for sure that I 
knew the way she thought and I couldn't stand another day 
in this cage so I said, "Wuff, wuff."

"OK tweak, what is your second choice?" 

"White?"
 
"I'm so sorry my little puppy dog" she smiled as she opened 
her robe and showed me yellow panties. You see tweak, I 
thought you might try the same colors as yesterday but I 
wasn't sure so I decided instead of trying to second guess 
you I would leave it up to chance. I just turned my head 
this morning, pulled out a pair without looking and they 
happened to be yellow. It seemed to work, don't you think?" 

"THAT'S NOT FAIR!" I shouted in frustration and anger 
before I even knew what I was doing.
 
"What did you say?" Madam L. snapped with an intensity and 
look I had never before seen. "You dare talk without me 
giving you permission? And you think you can question my 
judgement and use that tone of voice with me?" 

She began to pace around the room shaking her fist in the 
air. The more she paced the madder she got. 

"Who the hell do you think you are? You are a fucking puppy 
dog! You begged me for months to dominate you and now you 
think you can run the show? You have another fucking 
thought coming! You said before that you wanted me to 
'make' you do things. To 'force' you to do something you 
didn't want to do. Ok tough guy, watch little ol' me force 
you to drink your own piss. And I'll also make you beg me 
for it. Will that prove to you that I'm serious? I hope to 
God that you really, really don't want to do this for it 
will make it that much more fun. And you know what tweak, 
you haven't pissed for quite a while and I bet there is a 
whole lot there for you to drink. And that first piss in 
the morning will be especially potent and yellow! OK big 
shot let see how tough and defiant you are now!"

I had never seen Madam L. like this and for the first time 
I was really, really scared. I didn't want to drink my own 
urine and I wondered how long I could hold out. 

"Tweak, I'll let you know exactly what I am going to do. 
First, I am going to drag you out of your cage and put you 
in the stockade. Secondly, I am going to ice and whip your 
ass like never before. Thirdly, I am going to tie your 
balls to the ring on the floor and stretch them as far as 
they will go - and then I will whip them as well. Fourthly, 
I am going to re-arrange your nipple clamps every minute. I 
will then make you piss into a baby bottle. And finally, I 
will give you that bottle only after you really, really beg 
me for it. And I won't stop until you convince me you want 
it like nothing you have ever wanted before. And by the 
way, you are going to be gagged the first half-hour so I 
don't think you will be able to beg for it until after 
that. Ok tweak let's see how tough you are. If you don't 
want all that to happen then just stop me you fucking 
sissy."

"Tweak, I don't want there to be any doubt in your mind 
that I am going to 'MAKE' you do all those things. Lil' ol' 
me is going to drag your fat ass out of that cage and whip 
you like you've never been whipped before. I am warning you 
now that it is going to hurt like hell so if you don't want 
to be in serious pain then you better stop me. I think that 
I can get you from cage to stockade in under 5 minutes. If 
I can't then I'll let you go, but for every minute under 5 
I am going to add another five minutes to your whipping." 

I knew that I was in dire straits restrained as I was but I 
thought I had a chance. I outweighed Madam L. by 75 pounds 
and I was much stronger. 

"The clock starts now," she said as she set the timer.

As soon as I heard the click on the timer I felt an immense 
pain in my balls. Madam L. had shocked me with the collar. 

"That was only a 4, tweak, I am surprised you even felt 
that." 

As I was beginning to recover from that jolt a much 
stronger one hit me. As I doubled over in agony I heard the 
cage open and I felt something slip over my head. 

"That was a 6, tweak. Now let's go puppy dog. You have a 
date with the stockade." 

I was now angry from the shocks and I shouted back, "You 
fucking bitch!" 

"Tweak, are you actually fighting back? Don't you want to 
have your ass whipped and drink your own piss from a baby 
bottle?" 

"There's no way I am going to let you do that to me. I am 
through with this game." 

"You are cute, albeit, disrespectful, when you are mad. 
We'll work on your temper and manners later. But you sure 
as hell aren't finished with the 'game' for there is no 
game. This is your life tweak - welcome to it." 

As she said this I felt a noose tighten around my neck and 
I was pulled forward. If I didn't go further I wouldn't be 
able to breathe.

"Tweak, don't you just love this device? It is what dog 
catchers use. I can tighten or loosen the strap around your 
neck just by twisting, and the pole I am holding is sturdy 
so you can't charge me. But then again, I don't know how 
quickly a man with shackled balls could charge anyway." 

Madam L. pulled me to the base of the stockade. I tried to 
hold my ground but each time I stopped she tightened the 
noose and pulled harder. When I was on the platform of the 
stockade she put the pole through the legs of the stockade 
and secured it to a ring on the wall. I now couldn't move 
forward or backwards. She then moved around me and secured 
each ankle to a ring in the platform. I tried to kick her 
away but it was a feeble endeavor with my balls yanked at 
each attempt.

She then shocked me again. As I was dazed and tried to grab 
my balls with my paws she quickly looped a rope around my 
right paw and yanked hard so it tightened and she secured 
the other end to a ring. She shocked me a fourth time and 
did the same with the left paw. I was now immobile but I 
didn't know how she was going to get me in the stockade. 

"You got me this far but you won't get me into the 
stockade, so you'll have to let me go." 

At this she just laughed and said, "You fool, you'll never 
learn, will you?" 

She then pulled out her "ace in the hole" as she lowered 
the top of the stockade. It was on a track that allowed it 
to go up and down. She lowered it to the height of my head 
and opened the top. She detached the noose from around my 
head and put it back on above the top of the stockade. She 
must have smiled to herself as I tried to move my head 
away. 

She then manoeuvred my head to the bottom half of the hole 
and secured it there with a clamp that went from my collar 
to the wood of the stockade. She then shocked me again to 
throw me off balance and did the same with my right hand. 
This was more of a struggle but with her whole body she 
overcame my right arm. She then did the same with the left. 

When my head and arms were in place she lowered the top 
half of the stockade in place and snapped on the lock. She 
then undid the chain that connected my ankles to my balls 
and she cranked the stockade back to the top.

"Time! Let's see, that took 3 minutes and 45 seconds. Not 
bad for a 'fucking bitch', wouldn't you say?"

Smack - Smack -Smack - Smack -Smack.

"Don't you answer my questions anymore? Not bad for a 
'fucking bitch', wouldn't you say?" 

"Wuff, Wuff." 

I was now in serious shit! 

"Tweak, what happened? I thought you didn't want to play 
this 'game' anymore? Why are you in that stockade? Oh, 
that's right - I MADE you get in it! You didn't have a 
choice in the matter did you? You little sissy, you let a 
125lb 'fucking bitch' kick your ass? I'll let you talk to 
answer my questions."
 
"Yes, Mistress."

"Yes, what tweak?"

"Yes, Mistress you made me get in this stockade even though 
I did not want to." 

Smack - Smack - Smack - Smack - Smack 

"I think you can be a little more humbled than that if you 
try." 

"Yes, Mistress, you made tweak, a little sissy, get into 
the stockade. You are the Mistress and I am the pathetic 
slave. I'm sorry for calling you that name."

"What name was that?" 

"That bad name, Mistress."
 
"I forgot tweak, what did you call your Madam?" 

"A name I should never call you." 

Smack 

"I'll ask you one more damn time and your memory better 
improve. What did you call me?" 

I didn't know what to say, if I didn't answer I was in 
trouble but if I called her that again would that make 
things worse. I meekly said, "fucking bitch". 

"Louder tweak, that's not how you said it before. 

"Fucking bitch" 

"I want you to scream it until I say stop." 

"FUCKING BITCH! FUCKING BITCH! FUCKING BITCH! FUCKING 
BITCH! FUCKING BITCH! FUCKING BITCH! FUCKING BITCH!" 

"That's enough. I hope you really enjoyed saying that for 
it's going to cost you dearly! Let's see, there are 7 
letters in 'fucking' and 5 letters in 'bitch' that means 
you are going to spend 12 days in your cage and you won't 
cum for at least that long. I'll ask you everyday you are 
in your cage if it was really worth it. We'll talk more 
about that later. Let me fulfil my other promises to you."

After Madam said that she placed clothes pins on each of my 
nipples and said, "Every time this timer 'dings' I'll 
switch these the other way. 

Next she put a chain through my cock ring and stretched my 
balls toward a hook in the floor. "This will be good for 
every time I whip your ass you won't be able to move much. 
Or at least I wouldn't if I were you." 

"Ding." she changed the nipple clamps.
 
Next she MADE me open my mouth so she could put in a ball 
gag. She strapped it very tight. 

"Ding" she changed the clamps 

"Now that you are gagged and I have you how I want you 
let's proceed." 

Madam L. went over to the corner of the basement where 
there was a covered object. When she removed the sheet I 
saw a large television. She wheeled the TV over to where I 
was and it was at the exact height of my head. She turned 
on the TV and the VCR. She then hit "Play" and in a moment 
the entire screen was filled with a close-up of a pussy. I 
then heard Madam L's voice coming from the TV.

"Tweak, welcome to the 'Vagina Monologues'. If you are 
watching this tape it means that you are now in your 
stockade and you are helpless. The Pussy you see before you 
is mine! It is so soft and beautiful, and yet so powerful. 
Everything that is happening to you is because of the power 
of my Pussy! Tweak you will come to adore, respect and obey 
this Pussy. Tweak, you will show humility when in the 
presence of my Pussy. As I punish you now I command you to 
stare and gaze at She who is your mistress. When I whip 
your ass I want you to see the Pussy who has power over 
you. Tweak, my Pussy is going to control all your actions 
and thoughts. Take a good look at your mistress. This Pussy 
is going to control you forever!"

Madam L. then paused the tape and said, "Tweak, look at the 
TV and behold your new Mistress in all Her glory. You 
aren't worthy to see Her in person yet, but you will be 
seeing a lot of Her on tape. As I whip you I want you to 
stay focused on my Pussy and realize that it is Her who 
gives me power over you. Watch and listen to your new 
Mistress as I whip you into total submission."

"Ding." she changed the clamps. 

"Let's see tweak, you have your original 30 minutes plus 
five minutes for each minute under 5 you couldn't stop me. 
That makes another 10." 

As she said "10 minutes," I mumbled through the gag.
 
"What's wrong tweak? You don't think 10 minutes is fair 
since you lasted almost 4 minutes? Well, let's just make it 
15 then - if I were you I would learn to keep quiet. So 
that brings your grand total to 45 minutes. You are going 
to owe me big for giving you so much time and attention."

"Ding," she changed the clamps.

My nipples were already beginning to catch on fire and yet 
I had nearly an hour to go. I knew, however, that in a few 
moments my nipples would not be my main problem as Madam L. 
had already begun icing down my ass. 

Madam L. finally announced, "It's time to begin. Enjoy the 
'show' as I start your punishment." 

She then hit "play" on the VCR. 

"Smack - Smack - Smack - Smack." 

"Ding" 

"Smack - Smack - Smack - Smack - Smack" 

"Ding" 

This went on for what seemed like an eternity. After a 
while it sounded like an old typewriter when it would 
"ding" signalling the person to hit the "return" lever

I tried not to move since my balls were attached to the 
platform but sometimes it hurt so much I jumped without 
realizing it, that is until the pain in my crotch surpassed 
the pain in my ass. 

"Tweak, are you enjoying the 'show'. I hope so. I put a lot 
of time into making that for you. Do you think I'll get an 
Academy Award Nomination?" 

Madam L. was true to her word and kept up the "ass-ault" 
without hesitation, except for the few seconds it took to 
change the clamps. 

"OK tweak, your ass is sufficiently red. Let's move to your 
dick." 

These words brought terror into my heart. I had never had 
my dick whipped. 

Madam L. quickly removed the "chastity tube" and announced, 
"Enjoy this freedom as much as you can, your dick won't be 
this free for a couple of more weeks." 

As she began to whip she commanded me to watch the TV, 
"Watch the Pussy as I whip your prick. It only seems right 
that you should see the power of the Pussy as your little 
dick gets put in his place." 

The pain was unbearable, and although I cried out as loudly 
as I could through my gag, Madam L. did not stop except for 
the "ding" when she changed the clamps. 

The "buzzer" on the timer mercifully signalled that the 
"session" was over. Madam L. then stopped the tape.

"Tweak, where did the time go? Didn't it just seem to fly 
by? I am going to remove your gag in a minute and you 
better convincingly ask for something or I'll reset the 
timer for an hour. Do you understand?" 

I nodded my head the best I could. When she removed the gag 
I began the best I could through my tears, "Madam L. (sob, 
sob) would you pleeeasse let my drink (sob, sob) my own 
pee? May I pleeeaassse dr..in..k my own piss. Pleeeeeaaasse 
let me drink my own pee from a baby bottle. Pleeeaaase! 
Pleeeasse!" 

"Not bad, tweak. Maybe we can nominate you for an Academy 
Award also," she sarcastically said. 

She made me piss into a bottle. My piss nearly filled it to 
the top. 

"Good boy, tweak. It is nice and yellow and warm. I am 
sorry that you won't be able to drink it quite yet, though. 
I have another surprise for you before you get to drink 
your own nectar. I'll be gone for a few hours and when I 
get back I'll let you have your bottle. While I am gone 
I'll put in another tape for your viewing pleasure. This 
one is educational. I made several for you. Aren't I so 
nice? This one has instructions throughout that I assume 
you will be smart enough to obey. Remember, even though I 
am not here, I am taping you with that camera in the 
corner. When I review the tape you damn well better have 
followed the instructions on the tape. But before you watch 
this tape you should be dressed like a schoolgirl since 
after all it is educational."

Madam L. temporarily released my feet and so she could 
dress me in plaid panties to match my plaid skirt. She 
further added white knee high stockings and little, shiny 
black shoes. I looked like a schoolgirl.

"See you later, tweak. I am sure you'll 'love' your next 
surprise. It's the best one yet!" 

Madam L. hit the "Play" button, and then closed the door 
behind her as she left. 

The close-up of the Pussy returned with Madam L's voice 
saying, "Tweak, let's begin your first lesson. Repeat this 
phrase until I tell you to stop - I will worship Madam L's 
Pussy" 

I did as I was instructed as I said, "I will worship Madam 
L's pussy. I will worship Madam L's Pussy " 

I then heard Madam L's voice coming from a speaker and not 
the TV, "Tweak, I can hardly hear you. You'll have to talk 
louder. I am watching you on our, or rather, my bedroom 
TV." 

I began again and this time louder, "I will worship Madam 
L's Pussy. I will worship Madam L's Pussy..." 

"That's much better" Madam L's voice echoed. Now be a good 
boy and finish your lesson. When you get done I have a big 
surprise for you." 

I said this mantra until the tape instructed me further, 
"Tweak, you will now say 'I will always obey Madam L's 
Pussy'" 

"I will always obey Madam L's Pussy. I will always obey 
Madam L's Pussy..." I couldn't believe that Madam L. was 
controlling my actions even when she wasn't here, but I 
could not risk the fact that she was watching or that she 
really would review the tape later. 

I was in "class" for what seemed like hours and I was 
getting very stiff. The door finally opened heralding Madam 
L's return. 

"Tweak, do you want your surprise now?" 

"Yes, Mistress." 

She then whispered in my ear, "Tweak, this is going to be 
your greatest test yet. I know it will be hard, but you 
better obey me to the letter or I swear that the punishment 
you received before will be nothing compared to what I will 
give you. Do you believe me?" 

"Yes, Mistress." I said in complete sincerity. I was 
quickly learning the depth of her resolve and sternness. 

"From now on don't say a word unless instructed by me or 
the video. Each letter you utter will be another day in 
your cage. I am fucking serious. Tweak, I may be strict and 
stern, but I am not cruel. Everything I have done thus far 
is to make you into the slave you always wanted to be. I 
told you that you will be spending the next 12 days in your 
cage, but I don't think that you would survive in such a 
small cage. So I just went to the 'store' and got you a 
larger one. Would you like to see it?"

"Yes, Mistress." 

"Bring it in, gentlemen."

My heart may have literally stopped when all at once I 
realized that other people were going to see me like this 
and I was powerless to stop it. I caught out of the corner 
of my eye two large men carrying in equipment and tools. 

"Gentlemen, this is tweak. This is my little sissy slut 
whom you built this room for. She is dressed like a 
schoolgirl now for she is learning her lessons. She can't 
talk at the moment for she is being punished. I am making 
her bark like a dog. Say hello tweak." 

I was stunned, and didn't know what to do. 

"Oh, she must be shy around stingers. You are her first 
guests." Madam L. walked close to me and said in a soft but 
stern voice, "Tweak you better damn well bark hello or 
else." 

"Wuff, wuff." I barely mumbled.
 
"May we pet her," one of the men asked. 

"Sure, I think she'll like that. Wag your tail if you want 
these nice men to pet you tweak."

I wagged my tail the best I could, and I thought I was 
going to die from embarrassment. Both men came over and 
patted me on the head. 

"Where do you want us to assemble this cage, Ma'am?"
 
"Over there, next to tweak's other cage." 

This new cage was much larger. It was 4 feet wide, 4 feet 
high and 6 feet long. 

"You, gentlemen don't mind if tweak continues his lessons 
while you work, do you?" 

"No, Ma'am. Tweak won't bother us at all." 

"Ok tweak, finish you lessons while these men build your 
new home. I am going to go upstairs and watch TV. Remember 
to talk loudly enough for me to hear." Madam L. pushed the 
play button and left. 

As luck, or misfortune, would have it, depending on one's 
point of view, as the tape began the voice instructed me to 
say, "I am a little sissy who likes to wear diapers with 
little yellow stars." 

When the tape said that, the men looked over to me in the 
stockade and the TV and just chuckled to themselves. 

"I am a little sissy who likes to wear diapers with little 
yellow stars. I am a little sissy..." 

As I was repeating this phrase over and over I could hear 
the men laughing and saying, "Why would any guy want to say 
and do that. He really, really must be pussy whipped." 

After about an hour the men finished and Madam L. returned. 
She told them it looked wonderful and they assured her that 
it was inescapable. There was a slot to put my head through 
the front and a "door" on the bottom where food could be 
inserted. 

"Tweak, why don't you thank the men for all their hard 
work. After all, they just built you a new house. You may 
speak like a human."

"Thank you," I said. 

"Tweak, is that any way to talk to adults?" 

"Thank you, Sirs, for all your hard work." 

Madam L. then said, "You guys have been working hard, would 
you like a beer?"
 
"Sure, Miss, that would be great." 

"Wait here while I go grab a few." 

When Madam L. returned she gave them each a beer and opened 
one for herself as well. She told them to have a seat on 
the carpet while she gave me something to drink. She then 
came over to me, whispered something in my ear and pulled 
the baby bottle from behind her back. She then stood, 
leaning against the stockade, holding the bottle up next to 
my mouth with one hand and holding her beer in the other. I 
began to suck on the bottle as instructed. 

"That's a novel idea giving her beer in a bottle," one of 
the men said.

"What makes you think it's beer. You think she deserves a 
beer? She's drinking her own piss?"

"No way!" the other man exclaimed. 

"Of course she is, she begged me to let her drink her own 
piss. Isn't that right, tweak?" 

I could do nothing but nod my head "yes" as I continued to 
suck on my bottle. 

"Is she going to drink the whole bottle?" 

"Most certainly, she did beg so nicely for it." 

"Why doesn't she just refuse to drink it?" 

"That would be quite foolish indeed. I whispered in her ear 
before she began that if she didn't drink it all like a 
good baby that I was going to double her time in the cage 
and that I would really, really embarrass her in front of 
our guests. I think she wants to finish it. Don't you 
tweak?" 

Again, I could only nod my head yes. 

"I still don't believe that she really begged for it." 

"Why don't you show them tweak," Madam L. said as she 
removed my bottle. 

I had no choice but to beg again if I didn't want to 
experience Madam L's wrath. "Pleeeeaase let me have my 
bottle back. Pleeeaassse give tweaky his bottle." 

She put the bottle back to my lips and said, "You see, if 
it was up to me I would probably let her have a beer, but 
as you can tell she really wants that bottle. I wonder how 
long it will take to wean her off?" 

Madam L. and the men chatted casually as I concentrated 
hard on finishing every last drop of my urine. 

When I finished Madam L. said, "All gone tweaky. You were 
such a good little girl." 

"Are you going to keep her in the stockade all day?" one of 
the men asked. 

"Oh no. I am going to move her to her new home in a little 
bit." 

"How do you make sure that she doesn't escape while you are 
moving her." 

Madam L. just laughed and said, "Would you like to stay and 
watch as I transfer the prisoner? I bet I can move her in 
less that 4 minutes." 

"There's no way you can move that big girl in that short of 
time. I bet you $10 that you can't." 

"You're on. But first tweak has to do something first. 
Today is Monday and she has to call in to work and tell 
them that she won't be in for a while. You see my husband, 
or rather my slave, owns a rather large company and she can 
take time off whenever she likes."

Madam L. went to get a portable phone and I dreaded the 
conversation about to take place. 

"Hello, Joe, this is Laurie. I was just calling to let you 
know that John won't be in work today. I don't know what's 
wrong with him. He's really PISSED off about something. I 
don't know what he has up his ASS this morning?" 

She was smiling and winking as she said "pissed" and "up 
his ass". 

"Here, I'll let you talk to John." 

Madam L. then held the phone next to me. "Joe this is John, 
I won't be able to make it in for a week or so. No, there's 
nothing wrong. I just have some things I need to take care 
of. I'll call you later. Bye." 

Madam L. held up the phone and said, "You think it's only 
going to be a week or so? Huh? We'll talk about that later. 
OK guys, before I begin the transferral let me re-attach 
her chastity tube. We can't have her cumming without my 
approval and permission, can we?" 

With that in place she told the men to start their watches. 
I could sense, through all my pain and discomfort, that 
they were impressed with Madam L's speed and thoroughness. 
She pretty much just reversed the steps she used in getting 
me out of my cage, and with myself being more exhausted 
than ever, she was even more effective than before. I 
hardly knew how I got into my cage when I heard the door 
"clang" shut and I heard Madam L. say, "Time". 

"Three minutes and 10 seconds. We are impressed." 

"Keep your money, it was fun. Both tweak and I enjoyed the 
spectators. I'll see you guys later. I am sure that there 
will be other things we will need in the future. Thanks for 
everything." 

Madam L. walked them to the front door. When I was alone 
and looked around from the confines of my new "home" I was 
amazed at how quickly one's life can really change. After 
about 15 minutes Madam L. returned with a plate in one hand 
and a glass in the other. 

"Here you go tweak, I brought you a real treat. You were 
such a good boy for our first guests that I think you 
really deserve this. You see I can be quite kind and 
generous if you obey my commands." 

Madam L. slid a plate of food through the opening in the 
front of the cage. It was a roast beef sandwich with mashed 
potatoes. And next to the cage she placed a large glass of 
water where I could reach through the bars and pick it up. 
I was famished and quickly devoured my first "real" meal in 
two days. 

Madam L. just stood there and laughed to herself as I ate 
my dinner, "My, aren't we hungry today? Enjoy your food 
tweak, I have to go out and get some things done so just 
stay here and rest. Or would you rather watch another video 
tape? You can answer honestly." 

"No Mistress I'd rather just rest." 

"You know I could make you if I wanted to don't you?" 

"Yes Mistress, you could make me if you wanted to." 

"That's okay tweak. Get your rest, you'll need it in the 
weeks to come. I'll see you later." 

After Madam L. left and closed the door, I stretched out in 
my much larger cage, and with a full stomach, I had my 
first good sleep. 

It seemed like no time had passed when I heard my Madam's 
voice say, "Wake up tweak." She pulled down her jeans and 
panties and snapped her fingers. I assumed the position and 
on the second snap I kissed her royal ass. She then pulled 
up her panties and jeans and pulled a chair over next to 
the door of my cage. She sat backwards on the chair as she 
faced my cage. 

"Tweak, let's have a talk. Let me recap the state of 
affairs. The President gives a 'State of the Union' 
address, well this is Madam's 'State of tweak' address. You 
are in a cage under my absolute control because you begged 
me to take complete control of you and I have obliged. My 
Pussy now dominates every aspect of your life. I have taken 
your freedom. You are no longer free to move about. I say 
if and when you can talk. I control what and when you eat. 
I say if, when and how you cum. There is nothing you are 
able to do without my permission. 

"As I told you before I am not cruel, but I am strict and 
stern. You think that you have experienced a lot of what it 
means to be someone's sex slave but I assure you that you 
have barely scotched the surface. 

"As soon as you asked me to take control of your life I 
began to plot and arrange everything that would happen. I 
have been working on all of this for months. Tweak, you 
will get what most men never achieve. You will obtain your 
dream of being totally dominated and MADE to do things you 
never would have done on your own. 

"You see tweak, I have been studying your 'diary' and I 
know the deepest darkest secrets of your soul. And even 
though you may have never imagined or even wanted some of 
those fantasies to come true, I assure you that they all 
will, and even ones you never imagined. I do not want you 
to ever be able to say that a fantasy of yours or mine was 
left unfulfilled. 

"Tweak, you are going to go where 'no man has gone before'. 
Tweak, I PROMISE you that I will not let you down. Even 
when you don't feel like 'playing the game' any longer I 
won't let you quit. You have my ABSOLUTE WORD that I will 
be your Madam forever. I hope that I have proven that to 
you so far and I hope you believe that - if you don't I am 
sure you soon will. 

"Tweak I also hope you have figured out that escape is 
impossible. I have carefully planned out how I will handle 
you when I move you, thus making escape impossible. And I 
hope these next 12 days in your cage, and you will spend 
all of them in your cage, will demonstrate how serious I am 
and how silly it was for you to offend me. If you offend me 
again I promise I won't show so much mercy. 

"You weren't bad with our guests but you did hesitate. I 
suppose that was because of the shock of seeing other 
people. My only advice is 'get over it' for they were the 
first but they won't be the last. If you ever embarrass me 
again by not obeying my command instantly there will be 
hell to pay! I don't want your bad behavior being a bad 
reflection upon me. 

"Tweak, I hope you are enjoying your new life, but if you 
aren't I suppose that's okay too, for in a warped sense you 
probably derive some perverted pleasure from that. But 
regardless, this is your life from now on so get used to 
it. Tweak you are going to be my sissy slave forever. Do 
you understand everything I just said?"
 
"Yes, Mistress."
 
"I hope so, for your sake that you did. Tweak, just 
remember this may be a 'game' to you but it sure as hell 
isn't to me. I am going to get you some more food and drink 
and then I am going to leave you until tomorrow when we 
will begin your next lesson."

Madam L. returned with food and drink and a jar for me to 
piss in during the night, and then left me alone in the 
dark to ponder.

Time, while I am in the dark, is hard to measure. It seemed 
like I was alone for days, but I knew it could not have 
been more than 10 or 12 hours, when the door to the dungeon 
finally opened. 

As Madam L. walked in it was hard to focus upon her for the 
light coming from the other room was blinding. Madam turned 
on the light in the dungeon and stood before me. She was 
dressed in blue jeans and a knit shirt. She also had in her 
hand a small suitcase which puzzled me.

"Tweak, I am going on a small vacation. I have worked hard 
these past couple of months and especially these past few 
days and I think I need a break. And there really is no 
need for me to stay here while you are serving out your 
sentence, is there? Why should I be confined to this house 
just because you are confined to your cage? Tweak, you may 
speak if you like."

"Mistress where are you going?"

"Let's just say I am going to have some 'fun in the sun' 
these next few days. I get absolutely no sun stuck in this 
dungeon with you."

"What am I supposed to do while you are gone?"

"Tweak, you are so silly. You are 'supposed' to stay in 
your cage and finish the next 11 days of your punishment 
for calling me a 'fucking bitch'. That wasn't very bright 
was it, tweak?"

"No, Mistress. But how will I manage without you here?"

"Tweak, as I told you before, I may be strict but I am not 
cruel. I haven't forgot about your needs. That's why I got 
you a babysitter!"

"A WHAT?"

"Tweak, careful with the tone and attitude! I should add 
another 5 days to your sentence, one for each disrespectful 
letter you just said, but I am in a good mood since I am 
about to go on a short vacation, so I will only add 2 more 
days. So now you are up to an 'unlucky 13' -is that clear?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Well, back to your babysitter. I talked my friend Paula to 
come and stay here while I am gone. Is that okay with you"

Madam L. knew that of all her friends, Paula, drove me the 
most crazy. We always disagreed about everything and we 
were both very stubborn. I could not stand the thought of 
being "babysat" by Paula but I had no choice and I did not 
want any more days added so I reluctantly said, "Yes, 
Mistress."

"Before she arrives I want to get you dressed. Put on these 
pink panties and this pink nightie, as well as these pink 
thigh highs. You will look so good."

I quickly did as instructed.

"Okay, Paula, come on in and meet tweak."

Paula must have been right outside the door listening for 
she immediately entered the room. She was dressed in a silk 
blouse, black skirt, black nylons and black high-heel 
shoes. She drove me crazy, but she was rather stunning.

"Paula this is tweak."

"Hi, tweak," Paula giggled as she looked at me in 
disbelief.

"Tweak, this is Miss Paula. Tell her 'hello'"

"Hello, Miss Paula."

"Paula, I left all sorts of instructions for you upstairs 
on the table. I'm sure that tweak will give you no trouble 
at all while I'm gone. I think she knows better than that. 
If she does give you a hard time I left the number upstairs 
where I can be reached. Call me and I will catch the next 
flight home and deal with her. If you have any questions 
while I am gone just e-mail me or give me a call."

"I'm sure that I will have no problems with tweak. Don't 
worry about us, we'll be just fine. Enjoy yourself and 
forgot about us. I'll take care of everything here."

"Paula, you're such a doll. I really appreciate this. I 
promise that I'll make this up to you."

"Laurie, just go. I am glad that I could help out. It's no 
bother at all. I am actually looking forward to time with 
tweak."

"Tweak, while I'm gone I expect you to obey Miss Paula just 
like you obey me. If she asks you to do something you 
better do it and you better not show her any disrespect. If 
she calls me and tells me that you are being 'bad' then God 
help you when I get home! I left a number of assignments 
for you to do while I am gone, but Miss Paula will explain 
all of those to you. Be a 'big boy' while I am gone. I'll 
see you in a little bit."

"Snap!" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap!" 

I kissed her ass.

"That's so cute, Laurie."

"It's nothing. That was one of the first tricks he learned. 
I am sure she will do it for you if you like. Just snap 
once to get her ready, and snap a second time for her to 
kiss your ass. There's nothing to it. I wish I could stay 
longer, but I have to catch my flight."

"Go ahead and go! I'll be fine. Enjoy your trip!"

With that said, Madam L. left the dungeon and I was left 
alone with Miss Paula. She just looked at me and gave me 
the most evil, sinister smile I ever saw contort a person's 
face. I knew that I would be longing for Madam L's return 
in no time at all.

"Tweak, you look so cute in your cage all dressed in pink. 
Laurie, or should I say 'Madam L.' explained how you begged 
and begged for months for this to happen. Is this true?"

"Yes," I replied.

"Ooouuccchh!" I screamed as I felt the shock.

"Tweak, I was informed by your Madam that you had better 
manners. Is that the way you would have answered her? I 
expect the same respect that you showed her."

"Yes, Miss Paula."

"That's better. Now don't you forget who's in charge here. 
Do I make myself perfectly clear?"

"Yes, Miss Paula."

"Tweak, I know that we have not always agreed on things in 
the past, but that's all over now, isn't it? From now on 
we'll always agree won't we? I will always be right and you 
will always be wrong. Let's see how well your Mistress has 
taught you." 

"Snap!" 

I assumed the position. 

"Well done tweak. Can you really believe that you are about 
to kiss my ass? I am going to pull down my panties and you 
are going to kiss and rim my asshole until I tell you that 
you can stop. I guess I really should have taken a shower 
today and put on fresh undies, but oh well, I am sure you 
won't mind. At least I wiped well, or at least I think I 
did."

"Snap!" 

Miss Paula pulled down her panties and backed her ass 
toward my cage but I couldn't bring myself to kiss the ass 
of a woman who drove me crazy and who I abhorred. I backed 
away in my cage.

"What the hell are you doing tweak! Your Madam has barely 
left and you are already disobeying me and her! I was going 
to be nice to you while she was gone but you blew that. Now 
you will kiss my ass and a hell of a lot more you fucking 
sissy!"

"Ooucccchh! Ouucchhhh!" Miss Paula must have zapped me 10 
times before she stopped. I was crying and snivelling in 
the corner of my cage.

"Put these on quickly or else." She had thrown in the 
manacles that connected to my ankles and then to my balls 
as well as my "paws". I secured the ring to my balls and 
then to my ankles and then I put on the "paws". Miss Paula 
then reached in and locked the paws in place.

"Tweak, now come forward and put your head through the 
opening in the front of your cage."

Miss Paula had lifted up the opening and secured it back in 
place once my head had gone through. My body was trapped in 
the cage and my head was outside.

"Tweak, now for your tail." She moved my panties over a 
little and shoved the huge dildo tail up my ass. "Let's 
hear you bark!"

"Wuff, wuff."

"Snap!" 

Miss Paula had me lick her ass for what seemed like 
forever.

"Tweak, that's all I wanted you to do before, but no, you 
had to be a fucking dick about it. So now you get your 
punishment. And God help you if you do not do exactly as I 
say as soon as I say it. If you don't you will stay like 
this until Madam L. returns and she will deal with you. 
Tweak, you are about to do what no man has ever done for 
me, probably because they found it too gross. But I am sure 
you will love it."

Miss Paula removed her skirt and black panties as I 
watched. She really was quite attractive. 

"Tweak, do you notice anything special about me?"

"No, Miss Paula."

"Then look closer." 

And all at once I saw it and I turned white. She must have 
noticed my facial expression for she just began to giggle.

"Yes, tweak, you found it. I started yesterday and today is 
normally the heavy day. I haven't changed it today and I 
need help. Would you like to help poor ol' Miss Paula 
change her plug?"

"Yes, Miss Paula," I was forced to say.

Miss Paula pulled a chair near to my cage and spread her 
legs wide with them resting on the top of my cage. Her cunt 
was only inches from my face. 

"Now pull on the string until it comes out and hold it in 
your mouth like a good little puppy dog."

It took all my effort not to gag as I grasped her sting and 
pulled out the red cloth.

"Good girl, tweak. Now hold it there until I put my new one 
in." Miss Paula quickly inserted the new plug. "Okay tweak, 
now I want you to pull the string up until my plug is in 
your mouth. I want you to suck on my plug like you would a 
bone. I want it to be white. Do you understand?"

"Wuff, wuff," I responded as I manoeuvred her used plug 
into my mouth.

Miss Paula pushed her chair away and put her panties and 
skirt back on. 

"Tweak, I would not have believed this if I did not see 
this with my own eyes. You are sucking my plug because I 
MADE you. Do a good job on this one, and you DAMN well 
better, and I'll let you help me out these next couple of 
days. I have to go upstairs now. Keep sucking hard. I'll be 
back to check on my puppy dog in a little bit. Tweak, I 
think I am really going to enjoy our time together." 

As I knelt there sucking Miss Paula's plug clean I could 
not believe what was happening to me. Not even in my 
wildest fantasies did I think that I would be a "human 
cleaner" for a woman's plug, and much less a woman other 
than my wife. But I sucked, anyway, for I did not want to 
experience the consequences of disobeying. The taste was 
not nearly as bad as the thought. Miss Paula returned about 
20 minutes later.

"Tweak, open your mouth and let me see how you are doing on 
your assignment."

I did as I was told and Miss Paula pulled out her used 
plug.

"Let's see how well you did. Not bad" she said as she 
showed it to me for inspection. "Do you think you can do a 
little better though?"

"Yes, Miss Paula."

"Then you may ask for the privilege."

"Miss Paula may I please have your plug back so I can make 
it nice and pretty and white?"

"You may tweak." She held it up about two inches from my 
mouth like a person would hold a treat above a dog's mouth 
to tease him. "Let's hear how much you want your treat 
puppy."

"Wuff, wuff," I barked for almost a minute before Miss 
Paula allowed me to reach it with my mouth.

"Good girl, tweaky. Make it nice and clean for Miss Paula 
and she'll give you another treat later. Tweak you are 
probably oblivious to how often a woman must change her 
plug, aren't you?" 

I nodded my head in agreement. 

"Tweak, you will learn much about your new mistresses. I 
will make it my mission to teach you as much about the 
female anatomy and bodily functions as I can. Since you are 
one of us now, or almost one or us now, it only seems right 
that you should know how our bodies work. You should feel 
special. No other man knows my cycle like you do and of 
course no other person has had the privilege of tasting my 
monthly by-product. You will get to taste my special juices 
for the next couple of days. And I figure since I have a 
plug in me then you should keep that plug in your ass too. 
I will take yours out when I no longer need mine. Is that 
okay with you?"

I sheepishly nodded in agreement.

"What's wrong tweak? Would you like your plug out now?"

"Wuff, Wuff."

"Your Madam tells me two barks mean 'yes'. Okay I'll take 
it out although you probably won't like it much. Hasn't 
Madam L told you to think before you act?"

Miss Paula scooted her chair back over in front of my face 
and then pulled out my plug. She then sat in the chair with 
a magazine and took the plug from my mouth.

"Tweak, pull out my plug"

I did as I was told and she sat in on a napkin on the 
floor.

"Tweak, now neither of us has a plug inside us. Doesn't it 
feel great? But I don't want to make a mess in your new 
dungeon so as I read I want you to continuously lick me 
clean. You better not spill a drop. Do you know that the 
flow is greatest now? Probably not, but you will learn. You 
will lick until I say stop. And this is a big magazine! I 
hope you can go for an hour or so. And if I cum in the 
middle please try to ignore me. You may begin."

Miss Paula stuck her legs on top of my cage and scooted 
right next to my mouth. I immediately began to slowly lick 
her cunt and the fresh juices tasted worse and were 
psychologically much worse. As I licked and cleaned her I 
could hear her giggle and every now and then she would pat 
my head and say, "good tweak".

I slowly licked Miss Paula's red stained cunt as she sat in 
front of me with her legs high in the air and her head 
buried in a magazine. She acted as though this was an 
everyday normal occurrence for her. As I licked and licked 
my tongue and jaw began to grow tired but I dare not stop. 
As I continued further I could tell her attention was 
turning from the magazine to her pussy.

"Oh, tweak, you may have your faults but that tongue of 
yours is golden. I hope you don't mind licking me while I 
am on my period. Most men find it, what should I say, 
gross, but I think it feels great. Maybe I can talk your 
Madam into letting me borrow you a couple of days each 
month. Ohhh, tweak, don't stop. A little faster... ohhhh 
... a little harder .... ohhhh .... flip my clit with the 
tip of your tongue. ahhhh... slower.... 
faster....ohh...ahhh.. go around my clit in slow 
circles.... ahhhh...the other..ohhhh....way....yes...yes 
slower....ahhhh....faster.....ahhhhh.... faster.... 
harder.... I'm cumming tweak...I'm cummmminnnng! ... 
ohhhh...yes... don't you fucking stop.... ahhhh...ahhhhhh.. 
YES!...Yes!! AHHHHHHHHHHH!!"

At that Miss Paula's pelvis writhed beneath my tongue and 
her body went into a massive quiver.

"Oh, tweak! Go slow now. Circle my clit with your tongue... 
flip my clit with the tip of your tongue... go up and 
down...ahhh. go side to side... ohhh... go faster... 
harder...ahhhh... tweak what are you doing? I am going to 
cum again! Harder...ahhhh.. faster... don't stop.... 
harder....ahhhhh.. Ohhhhhh..... faster.... 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!"

"Tweak, stop!" Miss Paula was able to whisper as she sat 
slumped in her chair.

I was happy to rest my tongue and jaws for I must have been 
pleasuring Miss Paula for nearly an hour. I was also 
beginning to get horny myself after listening to her 
explosive orgasms. But as my prick began to stiffen I was 
immediately reminded of the chastity tube that Madam L. had 
put on me. As I grew harder the pain increased and so did 
my desire to explode. I did not know what to do so I began 
to bark at a frantic pace, "Wuff, wuff, wuff, wuff, 
wuff..."

"What is it tweak? You may speak as a person. You have my 
permission."

"Miss Paula I am so horny and I can't get hard with this 
tube on. Will you please take it off just for a few 
minutes. Pleeeaase!"

"Ha! HA! You got to be kidding me! Do I need to remind you 
why it's there in the first place? You were a bad little 
girl. Once was something about a 'fucking bitch' and the 
other some protest over me as your babysitter. I've been 
told by your mistress that your tube stays in place for at 
least another 12 days. And even that length of time may be 
extended depending upon your behavior and progress. 

"Tweak, I don't know when your next orgasm will come, but I 
can assure you that I will have at least another 50 orgasms 
before you do. Don't you find that weird? Here I am, a 
woman you really don't care much for and yet you are giving 
me what you yourself cannot have. I already control your 
body and I believe that I am beginning to control your 
mind. You may not really want me yet, but I have a feeling 
that before your Mistress returns you will be begging me 
for the slightest glimpse of my body, touch of my hand or 
drink of my juices. But for now you may look all you want 
for I am ready to read another article in my magazine."

She scooted her chair back in place, placed her feet on top 
of my cage and simply "snapped" her fingers signalling me 
to begin. I began again, wondering when I would ever cum 
again!

After another hour and two more orgasms Miss Paula decided 
that she had had enough of my services for the time being. 
She set her magazine on the floor and began to speak to me.

"Tweak, I want you to stare at my Pussy. And every time I 
snap my fingers I want you to give it a soft, gentle kiss 
and say 'Miss Paula your Pussy rules me' is that clear?"

"Yes, Miss Paula," I said as I stared at her face wondering 
what kind of woman she really was.

"OOUUCCCCHHH!" I screamed.

"Why are you looking at my face? Didn't I tell you that I 
wanted you to look at my Pussy?"

"Snap!"

I kissed her Pussy and said, "Miss Paula your Pussy rules 
me".

"Tweak, have you ever really stared at a Pussy before? 
Isn't it a great work of art?"

"Snap!"

Again I kissed her Pussy and said, "Miss Paula your Pussy 
rules me."

"Tweak, isn't it such a work of beauty? How the outer lips 
protect the inner lips and how both protect the vagina!"

"Snap!"

I again kissed her Pussy and said my obligatory line. 

"Tweak, my Pussy, your Madam's Pussy and for that matter 
any woman's Pussy is a sacred thing that you should worship 
and adore!"

"Snap!"

A kiss and then, "Miss Paula your Pussy rules me."

"Tweak, a woman's Pussy is capable of so many things. 
Unlike you I can cum and cum and cum to my heart's content. 
I am not spent after one silly ejaculation."

"Snap!"

Kiss "Miss Paula your Pussy rules me."

"Tweak, my Pussy not only brings me great joy, but it could 
also bring you great joy if I so desired. I know you would 
love to have that pent up dick of yours inside me now 
wouldn't you?"

"Snap!"

Kiss "Miss Paula your Pussy rules me."

"Well, that's not going to happen. Not only can my Pussy 
bring you great joy, it can also bring you great pain. And 
maybe even worse it can bring you great humiliation."

"Snap!"

Kiss "Miss Paula your Pussy rules me."

"Tweak, my Pussy can and will reduce you to a snivelling, 
pathetic little creature. In a few days you are going to be 
begging for the privilege of merely seeing this Pussy."

"Snap!"

Kiss "Miss Paula your Pussy rules me."

"Tweak, look hard and long at that which brings you joy and 
pain, at that which can bring freedom or bondage, at that 
which can bring pride or humiliation."

"Snap!"

Kiss "Miss Paula your Pussy rules me."

"Tweak, you are where you are now because your dick desired 
a Pussy. You desired a Pussy to take complete and total 
control of you. You will have your wish. Not only will a 
Pussy forever control you but you will, as much as is 
possible, become a pussy. Look at the way my Pussy folds 
and flows across my body. Look at the hair that surrounds 
my Pussy."

"Snap!"

Kiss "Miss Paula your Pussy rules me."

"Tweak, you will always be the slave and we will always be 
the Mistresses for we are the Ones who are 'desired' and 
you are one who 'desires'. Our Pussies will forever enslave 
your dick. You need us but we do not need you!"

"Snap!"

Kiss "Miss Paula your Pussy rules me."

"Tweak, take a good look at my Pussy now. I am sure you 
think you never want to see it again after everything that 
our Pussies have done to you, but you will be begging for 
it again soon enough. After your next kiss I am going to 
put Her away so you can't see or touch Her again for quite 
a while."

"Snap!"

Kiss "Miss Paula your Pussy rules me."

Miss Paula backed her chair away, put a new tampon in her 
Pussy and put her clothes back on and just stared at me and 
laughed. She picked up the used tampon from the napkin and 
said, "Suck on this plug and make it clean like that last 
one. I'll be back in a little bit to inspect your work. And 
tweak, for some reason Madam L. wanted me to keep 
emphasizing that I am 'MAKING' you do all these things. 
Have fun! Ciao!"

Miss Paula returned in about 30 minutes and inspected the 
progress I was making on cleaning her latest plug. 
Satisfied that I did a good job she removed my head from 
the front of the cage and undid the "paws" on my hands. She 
then threw in the key that undid the other restraints on my 
ankles and balls. After I returned this key to her she slid 
my dinner through the small opening in the front of the 
cage designed for this.

"Eat well, tweak. You are going to need your energy. Your 
Madam has left many assignments for you to complete before 
she returns. I'll be back in one hour to collect your plate 
and your piss." She left a cup for me to piss in.

I was too hungry and tired to really focus upon what she 
meant by "assignments" but in the back of my mind I knew 
that they weren't going to be good or pleasant. I quickly 
devoured my food and the large glass of water Miss Paula 
left me. She returned as promised and removed the plate, 
glass and cup of piss.

"Snap!" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap!" 

I kissed my captor's ass.

"Before you begin your assignment you must dress the part. 
Here are your plaid panties and skirt and thigh highs. Here 
is your plaid bra and white blouse. Be sure to tie the 
blouse across your midriff just like Brittany does in her 
video."

"Tweak, here is your first assignment." Miss Paula handed 
me a 40 page lined notebook and three pens - one wrote in 
blue and the others wrote in red and green.

"Tweak, Your Madam has given you a writing assignment to 
complete in her absence. She wants you to fill the first 10 
pages of that notebook, both front and back, with the 
phrase: 'Madam L. is my Mistress and I will always obey her 
every command without hesitation'. Do you understand this 
tweak?"

"Yes, Miss Paula."

"Good. To make sure that as you write this doesn't become 
too routine she has also instructed me to tell you that 
each letter must be a different color. So for example, in 
the word 'Madam L.' the 'M' will be blue; the 'a' will red; 
the 'd' will be green, the next 'a' will be blue and so 
forth and so on. Is this clear tweak?"

"Yes, Miss Paula."

"Tweak, Madam L. has also told me to warn you that this 
assignment will be carefully scrutinized and it better damn 
well be neat. She doesn't want you to rush through an 
assignment that she has put a lot of effort into thinking 
up. She will judge your sincerity based upon the effort you 
put into this project. Do you understand tweak?"

"Yes, Miss Paula."

"Then you may begin."

I opened the notebook and was immediately struck by the 
enormity of the assignment. With both the front and back 
having to be filled that meant 20 pages of writing. I knew 
that this would take hours, especially since I had to 
constantly change pens and make it as neat as I could. I 
slowly and carefully began my assignment as Miss Paula 
watched on.

"Tweak, I just don't get it. I don't know why any man would 
let his wife do all this to him. There you are like a 
little girl being punished by his teacher for being bad. 
You are going to spend, God only knows how many hours, 
filling that notebook with a phrase your wife told you, you 
had to do. You are in a cage, sucked my plugs, licked my 
stained cunt, brought me to 4 orgasms and now you are doing 
an 'assignment' like a little bitty bad boy. 

"And on top of all that your so called 'manhood' is safely 
tucked away - out of your very reach even though it is so 
close. Tweak, I hope you enjoy all this for it seems to be 
your life from now on. But of course you like it - you did 
beg and plead for all this. Well, I won't keep you from 
your work. I will be back every now and then to make sure 
that you are keeping busy. I have to go and get ready for 
the party."

"Party" what was Miss Paula talking about? She must have 
seen the confusion in my face.

"Tweak, Laurie, oh I'm sorry, Madam L. told me that I could 
have a few friends over to your house while she was gone. 
You see, she told everyone that you and her were going to 
be gone for a while and that I was house-sitting. She said 
I could use her house to entertain if I wanted to. So I 
invited several friends over tonight for a dinner party. So 
if I were you I would be on your best behavior. Who knows, 
if you really piss me off you may be the surprise of the 
party. I am sure that my friends would love to have a tour 
of Madam's house and wouldn't they be surprised if they 
came and visited you? So be a good boy and maybe 'Auntie' 
Paula will keep you a secret. See you later tweak - keep 
writing!"

I was stunned. Would she really expose me to yet more 
people? I didn't know what to do. But the choices were easy 
- I could do nothing but do my assignment and be on my best 
behavior so Miss Paula wouldn't carry through on her 
threat.

I was busily working on my "assignment" when I noticed the 
door open. Miss Paula walked in dressed to kill in a 
beautiful long, form-fitting black evening dress with a 
slit in the dress up to her thigh revealing her black 
pantyhose underneath, she was also wearing 4" heels. She 
must have also gone to the beauty parlor for her hair was 
very elegantly done.

"Tweak, I have come to check on your progress. It's been 3 
hours since I last left you. Time does fly when one is 
having fun, doesn't it? Show me your notebook."

I handed the notebook through the bars as Miss Paula 
snapped her fingers, and I immediately assumed the 
position.

"One could quickly get use to this power - I see why your 
Madam finds it so intoxicating. Don't worry, I am not going 
to snap my fingers again. I am too dressed up, and besides, 
I don't think you deserve to look upon my beauty. But I do 
think that you are in the proper posture now - on your 
knees with your head bowed down - as I stand in your 
presence checking your work. Not bad tweak. But you are 
only on your 3rd page. You still have 7 more to go. What is 
taking you so long?"

"Miss Paula, I am trying to be extremely neat and it is 
hard to change colored-pens every letter and make sure that 
I am staying with the right order of colors." As I am 
speaking Miss Paula is very quiet and I can tell that she 
is carefully perusing my work.

"Oh my tweak, what do I see here? You have forgotten an 'a' 
in one of your 'Madam's'. Why have you done that? Do you 
think Madam L. will appreciate her name being misspelled? 
She's not your 'Madm' tweak; she's your 'Madam'. 
Thankfully, your error is on the second page and not the 
first. If it were on the first I would have to tear out all 
three pages, but now I only have to tear out the last two 
you've done." With that said Miss Paula tore out the past 
two pages of my work and tore them to pieces in front of 
me.

I was in shock! That was over 2 hours of work wasted over 
missing a stupid "a". I had reached my limit once again and 
I acted before I thought.

"YOU BITCH! I worked hard on that and I can't believe you 
just tore it up. That took me over 2 hours and you tore it 
up over one stupid mistake?! OOOOWWWWWW! OOOOWWW! 
OOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!" I was being zapped in the balls.

"Tweak, shut the fuck up!"

I was immediately quiet.

"Now that's better. First of all who the hell do you think 
you are talking to me like that? Secondly, you call me a 
'bitch' like it's a bad thing or something. And thirdly, 
you haven't seen me as a 'bitch' yet, but you will. I tried 
to help you before by pointing out your error before Madam 
L. had a chance to see it. I knew she wouldn't like it at 
all, but you were too stupid to appreciate the fact I was 
trying to save your ass some serious pain. Now I'll have to 
call your Madam and tell her what you did."

"Pleeeaase don't call Madam L. Pleeeaaase! I'll do anything 
you say. ANYTHING! But please don't call Madam L." 

It wasn't until after I had spoken these words that I 
realized that I was actually sincerely begging for the 
first time in my life. I really didn't want Madam L. to 
have to come home early from her trip because I was 
misbehaving, especially after she warned me of the dire 
consequences of such an intrusion upon her.

"Tweak, I don't see what kind of babysitter I would be if I 
didn't keep the parent, or in this case the Mistress, 
informed of her child's/slave's bad behavior. I will get 
the phone and you can tell her yourself."

"Pleeeease. Pleeeaasse. I'll do anything! I am so sorry. 
Pleeaase...."

"Tweak, you'll do ANYTHING I say if I don't call your 
Madam?"

"Yes, Miss Paula," I shouted at my first glimmer of hope 
that I might be spared.

"You promise that you'll do anything without hesitation?"

"Yes, Miss Paula."

"Tweak, let me think on your offer. I have guests that 
should be arriving shortly and I must go prepare for them. 
Here is your notebook back. You may continue with your 
assignment. You now have 9 pages to go. And if I were you I 
would be more careful."

"Yes, Miss Paula. Thank you, Miss Paula," I said with 
excitement in my voice.

"My tweak, I don't think I have ever heard you so 
appreciative toward me before. I hope you feel the same way 
after you do that 'anything' for me later. I'll be back in 
a few hours to check on your progress, and who knows maybe 
I'll bring a few guests."

With that said, Miss Paula left and closed the door behind 
her. As I began to write again I thought to myself, "Would 
she really bring people back with her, and would that be 
better than her having to have called Madam L.?" I could 
not believe the changes my life was taking at such a rapid 
rate.

I continued to write my "assignment" as instructed. I 
doubled my previous pace but took extra caution, making 
sure that I did not make any mistakes. I was hoping this 
extra effort would please Miss Paula and that she would 
show me some mercy for trying so hard. In the back of my 
mind, however, I was struggling with the position I had 
placed myself in. How could I have done this to myself? 
Here I was, and the biggest concern in my life was filling 
some stupid notebook with a saying that had to be perfect 
in three different colors or else. 

I used to run a relatively large and successful company and 
I worried about shipments and orders being filled and 
delivered on time, but now my sole purpose in life was 
following the orders of a woman I despised. But here I was, 
and there she was controlling my every action. And with 
this tube around my dick she was also beginning to control 
my thoughts as well. And as I was writing I began to wonder 
if I was doing this more out of fear of being punished or 
desperation hoping that if I pleased her she would allow me 
to cum. I was lost in all these conflicting thoughts as the 
door opened and Miss Paula walked in.

"Snap!" 

I assumed the position.

"Tweak, hand me your notebook." 

I did as I was instructed.

"Now I want you to hook up your leg and ball restraints as 
before and put on your 'paws' and I don't want to wait too 
long so you better hurry. I am still pissed about before so 
you better not fuck with me this time."

She threw in the necessary equipment and I did as I was 
told. I was quickly secured within my cage and after she 
put the locks on my 'paws' I scooted forward and put my 
head through the hole in the front of the cage.

"Good girl, tweak. You are learning, albeit, very slowly. I 
have another surprise for you now. I brought a hood for you 
to wear. As I said before, I don't think you deserve to 
look at my beauty so I'll cover your eyes with this."

She produced a hood that snuggly fit over my head but there 
was a large opening for my mouth and nose. At least 
breathing would not be a problem.

"How does that feel tweak?"

"Fine, Miss Paula."

"Get used to it. You'll be wearing it for quite a while. 
Now let's see how well you did on your assignment." With 
that said I could hear her pushing her chair closer to me 
and I heard her feet come to rest on the top of my cage.

"Tweak, let's see how good you are. Find my string and pull 
it out. I'll give you 20 seconds before I begin the 
zapping. You may begin."

I frantically moved my mouth over her pussy looking for a 
string to pull.

"My, my tweak! You really know how to turn a girl on. You 
are attacking my Pussy like you've never licked one before. 
10 more seconds."

I found the string and heard the "pop" as I pulled it out.

"Good girl tweak. Let Miss Paula have this. Don't worry 
I'll give your play-toy back to you when we are done here. 
You may now begin to slowly lick my Pussy. And I do mean 
slow and gentle. I want this to last a long time, I have a 
lot of reading to do here. I have to make sure your 
'homework' or should I say 'cagework' is perfect. You may 
begin."

I began to lick her Pussy and gently flick the tip of her 
clit with my tongue. For the most part she was quiet but 
every now and then she would give me certain instructions 
such as: "Faster...slower...circular...the other 
direction...harder...softer..." I must have licked her for 
30 minutes before she began to audibly express her delight 
in moans and sighs.

"Tweak, as I said before, I am going to have to work out 
some deal with your Madam where I can borrow your tongue a 
few days each month. I hope, as you lick, that you do an 
extra special job since I showed you mercy. The party is 
over and the guests are gone. You know I could have made 
you the star attraction if I wanted?"

I mumbled, "Yes, Miss Paula," the best I could with my face 
buried in her mound.

"Tweak, you don't need to answer. Just keep up the good 
work...I still have another, what is it...46 more orgasms 
to go before you even have a chance at your first one. 
Let's see how many we can get out of the way this evening."

I continued to lick and slurp and suck the best I could and 
over the next 45 minutes Miss Paula exploded another 4 
times. When she finished I honestly don't know if she was 
more spent or me. Probably her, for I was horny as hell and 
was dying for relief, but I knew better than to push my 
luck and ask. Not only would she say "no" but the thought 
of actually hearing her say it and knowing that this woman 
had that much control over me was too much for me to handle 
now.

"Tweak, rest your jaws. We are through for the night. Give 
me a few minutes and I'll get you some dinner."

Miss Paula sat there another 10 minutes before she got up 
to get my food. As she left she ordered me to open my mouth 
and suck on her plug while she was gone. She returned 
shortly with my food which was lukewarm beef stew in my dog 
bowl. She removed the plug and then released my head and 
shoved the food through the hole in the cage. I was 
starving so I quickly dove into my food which caused Miss 
Paula to giggle. I could only imagine what I must look 
like.

"Tweak, enjoy your meal. It's a shame you can't see me now. 
I think you would like what you saw. All I have on are my 
undergarments and a pair of high-heels. But you don't like 
black stockings, a garter belt, a thong, and a bra on a 
lady do you? Especially on a lady you don't like, do you?"

I couldn't help myself, "Pleeeasse Miss Paula. Let me look 
at you. Pleeeassse just let me have a quick peek."

"No tweak, if you had not been bad this afternoon I would 
have let you, but what kind of 'bitch' would I be if I so 
easily gave into you? 'Bitch' I am, and 'Bitch' I'll be. 
Hurry up and finish your food so we can get you ready for 
bed."

I finished my food, got a drink and Miss Paula helped me to 
pee into a container. She cleaned my face and removed the 
shackles from my ankles and balls. She left on the 'paws' 
and of course I had to have my 'plug' in since she still 
had hers in.

"Get a good night's sleep, you may need it. Tomorrow may be 
the day that you will do that 'ANYTHING' for me. I hope you 
don't regret having promised me that. I sure haven't, and 
don't worry, no matter how hard it may be for you I'll MAKE 
sure you keep your word. I fucking promise that I won't let 
you down, and you can count on that! I don't know why you 
like us women to MAKE you do things, but if that's what you 
want then that's what you'll get. But believe this, if you 
believe nothing else - I am a Woman of my word. And this 
Pussy is going to Make you fulfil your 'promise' no matter 
how much you may protest or fight it. You will do that 
'ANYTHING' for me and you will learn to enjoy it or you 
will keep doing it until you do. Is that clear?"

"Yes Miss Paula."

"Snap!" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap!" 

I struggled to find her asshole in the dark but I found it 
and kissed it good night.

"Good night tweak. I'll see you tomorrow, although I can't 
promise you'll see me," she said as she giggled and closed 
the door behind her.

As I began to drift off into sleep I feared what tomorrow 
would bring and what she meant by 'ANYTHING'. I don't know 
when I fell to sleep but I was jolted from my slumber by a 
zap to my balls.

"My, my tweak. Is this anyway to treat a lady? You should 
anticipate your mistresses return."

"Snap!" 

I assumed the position. 

"Snap!" 

I kissed her ass.

"Very good tweak. Now come forward and put your head 
through the front of the cage. I still have a number of 
orgasms to have, don't I? I just had a great breakfast and 
now I want dessert. So do your job."

Miss Paula secured me in place and placed her legs on top 
of my cage and told me to begin. 

"Tweak, you might be happy to know that I am through with 
my period. But then again, maybe you really liked it. Don't 
worry there is always next month. Aren't you happy there 
are some constants in the universe - I will always have my 
period and you will always be there to suck my plugs. I 
know you must really, really have to go to the bathroom, 
and you are probably really hungry and thirsty but first 
things first. Before you begin open your mouth and rinse it 
out with this mouthwash. I don't want your stinky breath on 
my fresh and clean cunt."

I swished around the mouthwash for what seemed like a 
minute, and my mouth was beginning to burn. 

"You may swallow it now. It won't hurt you. Now you may 
begin slowly, and I mean slowly, licking my Pussy. I don't 
want to feel like I am being rushed. If I do feel that you 
are just going through the motions there will be hell to 
pay. As you do that I will read the paper and sip my 
coffee."

I was dying. My bladder was ready to burst and I was 
starving but I knew better than to piss her off, especially 
after what I did yesterday. With a hood on it is almost 
impossible to tell how much time has passed, but it had to 
be a good hour before Miss Paula felt satisfied. 

"Despite your many faults tweak, you do have a golden 
tongue. Lets, see, that makes 12 for me and 0 for you. That 
seems about right. Just think, I only have 38 more to go 
before you even get a chance to cum the first time. Now 
let's get you taken care of."

Miss Paula allowed me to pee and she brought me my 
breakfast in my doggy bowl.

"Tweak, today we are going to have some visitors. I think 
you know them. They are those nice men who built your new 
cage and the rest of this room. They are going to be back 
today. Since you'll have your hood on you won't be able to 
see them or tell what they are doing but you will just LOVE 
what they are going to do to the place. Since you were in 
the stockade the last time they came it only seems right 
you should be there again."

Madam L. must have carefully instructed Miss Paula how to 
move me from the cage to the stockade for she did it with 
ease. I soon found myself securely fastened in the 
stockade.

"Tweak, they won't be here for a while so let's play a 
game. What color panties am I wearing? Twenty lashes with 
the whip if you are wrong and none if you are right."

"Black. Miss Paula."

"Whack..Whack..Whack......"

"Wrong answer. What color panties am I wearing? This time 
if you are wrong 20 lashes with the riding crop."

"White. Miss Paula."

"Whack...Whack...Whack....."

"Wrong answer, tweak. I like this game. Don't you? Guess 
again. This time I'll go back to the whip, but it will be 
30 lashes since you failed to thank me after the last 
ones."

"Blue. Miss Paula"

"Whack!"

"One. Thank you Miss Paula."

"Whack!"

"Two. Thank you Miss Paula"

By the end of the 30 I was really hurting and literally 
crying in pain. These weren't love taps.

"Guess again, tweak. This time we'll do 30 with the crop."

"Yellow. Miss Paula" 

"Whack!" It all began again. I was begging her to stop but 
she stayed calm and just continued as though I wasn't 
there.

"Tweak, do you like this shit or what? If I were you I 
would guess right. I can tell this is hurting you a lot 
more than it is hurting me. I can do this all day long if I 
must. Now guess again."

It wasn't until after I guessed pink, red and purple and 
another 90 lashes that I stumbled upon the right color - 
"green".

"Ok tweak, just rest for now. This was a hard morning. 
Don't worry, your 'friends' will be here soon and you'll 
get to play with them. Or should I say, you'll get to 
perform for them. See ya in a bit."

What has happened to me? I licked the pussy of a woman I 
can't stand and brought her to 4 orgasms while I can't even 
get an erection. I just endured 190 lashes for not knowing 
the color of her panties. And I was grateful for the chance 
to piss in cup and eat from a doggy bowl. My life has 
changed and I couldn't stop it from even getting worse.

As promised it was not long before my long awaited visitors 
arrived. As I heard the door open my whole body tensed up 
for I knew I was on display.

"Tweaky, tell your guests 'hello'" Miss Paula commanded.

"Hello," I muttered.

"Smack!" 

"Is that anyway to talk to an adult? I think you can be a 
little more polite to these two fine gentleman who have 
come to fix up our dungeon."

"Hello, sirs. It is good to meet you again. I am glad that 
you came to help us."

"I still can't believe it." One of the men said aloud. "How 
can any guy let himself get into a situation like this?"

"She wanted it," Miss Paula quickly replied. "And from now 
on it really doesn't matter what she wants, it only matters 
what her Mistress wants. Do you guys want anything before 
you start? And will tweak disturb you if he continues his 
lessons while you work?"

"A couple of beers would be great. And he can do whatever 
he wants."

Miss Paula went to get their beers and when she returned 
she removed my blindfold and wheeled over the television 
set.

"Tweak, when I turn on this television you will see and 
hear your Madam. It would be wise for you to follow her 
every command. I will be listening upstairs as I take a 
nice long, hot bubble bath. See ya later, tweak."

As she left she turned on the television and VCR.

"Hello tweak," Madam L. said from the tape. As I looked at 
the screen all I saw was her Pussy filling the whole 
screen. "I trust you are comfortable. As you stare at your 
Madam's Pussy I hope you still realize that this Pussy is 
'making' you do anything SHE wants and you can't stop HER. 
Today we are going to have a sing along. When it gets to 
your turn act out your part. Today we are going to sing 
'Old McDonald Had a Farm' Let's begin..." 

As Madam L. started to sing on the tape I knew that I would 
die from embarrassment but I also knew that I had no 
choice. When she sang "on this farm he had a dog..with a 
..."

I knew I had no choice.

"Woof, Woof there..," Madam sang and sang about cats, pigs, 
horses, elephants etc. And all the while we sang together I 
could hear the men feverishly working behind me although I 
was not able to see what they were doing. After what seemed 
like an hour or so Miss Paula returned.

"Tweak, you sing so well. I guess you didn't know you were 
singing for your supper, did you?" 

Miss Paula brought over a table that was the exact height 
of my head in the stockade and in the middle was a cloth 
over a bowl.

"Tweak, here is your lunch. A nice can of dog food."

Miss Paula must have seen the disgust in my face and asked, 
"Don't you want this tweak?"

"No, Miss Paula, I do not."

"That's a shame because I really want you to eat it. And 
not only do I really want you to eat it, I want you to 
convince me that you really, really want it. So this is how 
you will convince me. I am going to push this table 3 feet 
away and I am going to whip your ass until you sincerely 
beg me to let you eat this delectable treat. Each time you 
convince me I will move it 1 foot closer. Let's begin."

"Whack, Whack, Whack..." I was soon begging Miss Paula for 
my lunch. "Please, let tweak have his lunch...I really 
really want my food. Pleeeaaase. Pleeeeaaase! Pleeeasse, 
Miss Paula. Can I have my food, pleeeaase!"

After 20 minutes and a very sore ass, I was literally 
crying and begging for my 'lunch in a bowl'. 

"Ok tweak, you can have your dog food if that's what you 
really want."

I immediately began to devour my food for I didn't want her 
to think she had to further convince me. As I ate my food I 
could hear her talking to the two men.

"As always guys you did great work. I am sure I will be 
seeing a lot of you guys in the future. Let me walk you 
out. Don't worry tweak I will be back in a minute and your 
bowl better be licked clean!"

To be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tweak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





