BDSM Library - For the Birds




For the Birds
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave girl is used up, broken, and fed to the birds.
For the Birds

I am dragged by my tether into the pen.  The soil and shit underneath my bare
feet are damp and i cringe as it finds its way between my toes.  The bit in my
mouth does not permit me to make much noise except for the occasional whimper. 
I look around helplessly at the surrounding men who have come to watch the
spectacle, begging sympathy to anyone who would help.  But no, their eyes all
contain the glint of evil and lust i see too often in my Master.  Most have
undone their chaps, letting their leather and denim fall to the ground as they
began to stroke their cocks in anticipation of the main event.  Me.  A tall,
naked slavegirl with pierced tits.  I am led around to a small, raised platform
in which to lie on my belly.  I dread what is to come.  Someone pulls me down by
the legs until my pussy is almost hanging off the end.  My legs are spread wide,
and someone shoves a fat finger into my dripping cunt, pumping it in and out. 

"The slut is soaking! She can't wait to get some horse cock into her... fucking
whore!" He exclaims and spits into my hair as he spanks my ass a little to warm
me up.  I writhe quietly to convince him to stop, but i should have learned that
they never do.  A small group of men approach me, i can see their shoes.  They
begin to poke and prod at me, twisting my nipples until i was sure they were
going to tear them off.  One removed my bit and lifted his cock to my mouth.  I
opened it like a good fucktoy and accepted it willingly.  My Master wouldn't see
it any other way.  After swallowing three loads of sperm, i hear a cheer come
out from around the pen, and i froze as i heard it: the whinny.  My worst fears
had come true, and i began bucking wildly to try and escape.  The men wouldn't
hear of it, and proceeded to lash me down to the platform with my reins so
tightly i could barely move. 

"Please, please don't let that horse cock fuck me... i'll die! Please let me
please you with my holes, please fuck me..." I begged and pleaded.  The men
laugh. 

"You're nothing but an animal slut.  We don't want anything to do with your
stretched out holes! You're nothing but a horse fucker, slut.  You know you love
it."  I continue to struggle against my bonds as the horse nears.  Someone pulls
my head up by my hair and starts to fuck my face.  I begin to choke and gag at
the intrusion, but it's going to be nothing compared to the cunt splitting fuck
i will get from the pretty black horse.  Out of my peripheral vision, i see two
black hooves on either side of me balance on the platform, and then i felt it. 
The earlier fisting today didn't come close to preparing me for this monster
cock.  Once it felt it was at my hot wet hole, the pretty horse gave a wild
shove, and knocked the air violently out of me.  The man was still fucking my
throat, but I tried to give quite a scream, and my throat spasm sent his cum
down my throat.  Two beasts utilizing me for what i was, on either end.  I was
crying hysterically and begging through my tears to lead the horse away.  The
horse, meanwhile, was digging deep into my body, tearing my insides apart. 
Blood began to pour freely from between my legs, but the horse never stopped. 
His long, thick cock continued to pummel into my body.  The men had now stepped
away from my body to witness the scene in its entirety.  One was not content
with my screaming and begging hoarsely, so he bent down, grabbed a handful of
shit and dirt, and shoved it into my mouth.  As if that was not enough, he
reattached my bit into my mouth so i could not expel any of it, and continue
screaming.  The two foot long pole of the horse's cock was tearing up my
insides, its quick, deep thrusting causing me so much pain, i could almost pass
out.  The men soon grew tired of just watching the horse fuck me, they wanted
more pain, more amusement.  I vaguely heard the word "machine" before these teat
milking cups were shoved onto my breasts. 

"Stupid painslut, i hope they suck your tits right off," someone laughs.  They
switch it on.  Just as the pain in my cunt was beginning to numb, the pain in my
tortured pierced nipples was too much to bear.  I was chewing so hard on my bit
my teeth should have chipped.  My nipples were easily three inches long at this
point, and the silver rings threatened to rip clean off.  Then, the cock in my
pussy tensed, and with a final shove, the horse let out a loud whinny and began
to cum deep into my womb.  Buckets and buckets of cum emptied into me.  My belly
started to bloat with all the horsey making liquid. 

The milking machine then began to splatter with blood as finally, my tit rings
gave way to the powerful suction.  A loud cheer from all around.  I could do
nothing but cry softly.  Already my body was numb.  The horse finally pulled out
of me, and stepped off the platform, not before stepping on my back and breaking
two ribs.  Blood was dripping from my gaping pussy onto the dirt, the sucking
machine's reservoir was red from my torn tits, and i suffered massive internal
bleeding as one of my ribs punctured my lung.  That's it, i thought as i began
to black out, you're finally going to be rid of me.  And the trouble is, i'm
still mad at you for it. 

After the horse pulled out, my cunt was still wide open from the torturous
brutal fucking.  The men crowded around and one's fist he was pumping in and out
of my distended cunt too easily.  "What a stretched out bitch we got here...
might as well use her other hole for something before we throw her out."  The
men formed a long line and proceeding to use my asshole unbeknownst to me.  The
first had difficulty getting into my ass, but after a quick spit onto his cock,
he managed to force his cock in.  He began fucking me in earnest, slapping my
ass and punching my sides hard as he did.  The unbearable pain almost revived
me, but not until he pulled out, walked around to my head, and started to smack
my head did i awake.  I could feel another cock fucking my ass brutally, and
there was a shit stained cock in front of my face.  "Suck it clean, and maybe we
won't throw your worn out body to the birds, haha!" He seemed to enjoy
tormenting me, hitting the side of my head until it spun.  I didn't care what
they did with me, i just wanted to die. 

I opened my mouth and, despite the unending pain in my side, gave him the best
blowjob i had been trained to give.  He blew his sperm into my belly, but not
before fucking my throat raw.  Pretty soon, i had an unending train from my ass
to my mouth.  Since none of them came in my ass, it was as dry as ever until the
third man managed to tear along the inside with his hugely thick cock.  Once the
blood flowed freely, the ass rape was a lot easier to take.  I passed out a few
more times from the pain, but i was always awakened by a constant barrage of
punches to my head and sides.  Finally, they all used my ass and mouth, and
blood was still seeping onto the dirt from my holes.  After the last man came in
me, they unstrapped me from the platform, and my body rolled onto the dirt. 
They started kicking my broken body until i passed out again.  Then they threw
my body away, to the birds. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Miss Suki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





