BDSM Library - Detention




Detention
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A snobbish junior high school teacher is taught a lesson by her student.
Detention


Holly Jamison was engrossed in correcting homework assignments when the door to
her class room unexpectedly opened.  Three young men swaggered into the room.

It was after normal school hours, and there were two eighth grade boys and two
seventh grade boys in the detention class Holly was supervising.  She was tired
of getting what she regarded as more than her share of unpleasant assignments,
but she understood she was low person in the teacher hierarchy at Buchanan
Junior High School. 

This was Holly's first teaching job, and she had in effect received a signing
bonus for agreeing to accept a minimum of a one year teaching position in a low
performing school.  The school was in the heart of the city's ghetto, with a
ninety eight percent minority enrollment, most of it African-American. 

Holly came from an affluent family and social class.  The ghetto, and it's
entire culture and milieu, had been a shock to her.  She had always had a
liberal outlook, especially when it came to oppressed minorities.  But the
ghetto, and its' inhabitants had finally managed to disgust her.  They were
congenital losers. They acted like animals most of the time.  No, worse than
animals.  At least animals had the instinctive sense not to foul up their own
nests.   These people were constantly degrading their own environment.

Holly knew intellectually that these people were the victims of a vicious
circle.  They were born in poverty and deprived conditions, and were unable to
escape their environment.  Their children were raised the same way, and on and
on and on...But that knowledge didn't' make it any easier or more pleasant to
come into such an ugly and depressing world, and have to deal with it on a daily
basis.

She would work out the rest of her contract, and then she would be gone. 

All four boys in that afternoon's detention were African-American, including the
thirteen year old who had become her special torment.

Holly was angry that she had to spend more time with Tyrone Jordan than she
already did in the homeroom and English classes of hers which he attended.  He
was obnoxious, disrespectful and a constant disruption.  He seemed to take
special delight in keeping the young, new and Caucasian teacher off balance. 

She  had been told by another teacher that Tyrone was a drug baby.  He was
unable to work at grade level in any subject.  Holly knew that his disruptive
behavior was a compensation for the inferiority and rage he felt at not being
able to function effectively in school.  But the constant war of nerves finally
overcame her objectivity where the troublesome youth was concerned.

Holly had let the boy get to her, and on several occasions she had gone beyond
acceptable reprimands.  She had been goaded into publicly taunting and even
insulting him.  She knew it was unprofessional, but the boy was a monster, plain
and simple.  The reasons for his behavioral problems no longer mattered to her. 
He was a young thug who would grow up to be an adult and professional thug. 

Tyrone had spent the first fifteen minutes of the detention period alternately
glaring and smirking at her, when the classroom door was opened. 

The three young men sauntered into the room, for all the world as if they owned
it.  They were all African-American.  They appeared to be in their late teens or
early twenties.

"Hey, Tyrone, so this is the bitch been giving you trouble?"

"Yeah, that's her."

Holly was momentarily speechless.  Then she was angry.

"Who are you?   You've got no business here.  Get out, get out right now, before
I call security!"

The young man who had spoken walked up to Holly quickly, a grin never leaving
his face.  His right hand was a blur as it slapped Holly on her left cheek.  Her
head jerked back from the force of the blow, and tears began streaming from her
eyes.  He grabbed Holly by her short blonde hair, and pulled her face towards
him.

"You been disrespecting my young man, Tyrone over there.  Now you're going to be
disrespected.  We'll see how you like it."  He turned to his two companions.

"Get this white cunt down over that desk."

The two other young men came over and took Holly by the arms.  She was still
stunned from the slap, and unresistingly allowed the two to put her face down
over the desk. 

"Good.  Now get those shoes off, and then get those pants off of her.  These
young men here are going to get to see some white pussy."

Holly was terrified. She was afraid they would hurt her if she resisted.  She
felt her athletic shoes and her socks being pulled off.  Then hands were
reaching under her belly, working at the button and then the zipper of her
jeans.  She felt her pants pulled down, and then past her bare feet.  She heard
whoops of laughter. 

"What about those pink panties?" she heard Tyrone's voice ask.

"The boy's right, fellas, get that sexy little thing off her."

Holly felt her panties pulled down, and then completely off.

"OK, now pull those legs apart, so all these young men can get a real good
look."

Holly felt feet pushing her own feet apart, as far as they would go.  They were
almost off the floor.  Her weight was entirely supported by the desk under her
torso.

"Take a look, guys.  This white bitch might act like her shit don't stink, but
she sure has an asshole, doesn't she?"

Holly felt strong hands grab her cheeks, and then spread them widely.  She heard
laughter, and heard and sensed bodies gathering around her.

She was still terrified.  Holly was afraid of being hurt, but now she was also
experiencing humiliation.  She was under the complete control of the young men
who had invaded her classroom.  Holly was overwhelmed with shame as she
visualized her degraded physical position. She pictured in her mind the thirteen
and fourteen year old students, as they were looking at her naked bottom, with
hands lewdly spreading her open. 

She realized that worse was in store for her.  Holly understood that she was
being offered up to her young students as a sexual gift.  Her body was being
given to them for their juvenile gratification.  Holly would be satisfying their
immature lusts.

What most sickened her was the excruciating awareness that Tyrone was looking at
her in her demeaning vulnerability, and that he, he of all people, would be
using her.  And this immediately came to pass.

"Go ahead, Tyrone, you want to touch her asshole, man?  This bitch is at your
service."

Holly felt a finger touching her anus.  It was a surprisingly tentative and
gentle touch.  It explored her creased circle, and began moving around the rim. 

"Please, don't do this, please..."

There was no reply to her whispered pleas.  Holly felt Tyrone's finger continue
its' investigation of her anus. 

"How about this Miz Jamison?," and Holly felt Tyrone's finger force its' way
into the interior of her rectum.  She moaned at the pain of the forceful
intrusion, and tears of both pain and humiliation began coursing down her
cheeks. 

Holly grunted, as Tyrone suddenly shoved his finger as far as it would go.  He
then rotated it around the walls of her interior. 

One of the other older teenagers spoke.

"Hey, man, I would like to see her titties.  How about we get the rest of her
clothes off, while Tyrone is playing with her?"

"Good idea," the leader replied.

Holly felt her sweater being pulled up from the bottom.  Unthinkingly, she held
out her arms for them to be able to pull it completely off her.  Then she felt
rough and clumsy hands work at the clasp of her bra, finally succeeding in
unhooking it.  It was then yanked past her arms. 

Holly was completely nude.

Tyrone had continued to explore Holly's rectum while the others completed
stripping her.  She knew that he was enjoying the humiliating exploration of her
secret and shameful interior. 

As she felt his finger continue rotating inside her, she realized she was
experiencing a physical sensation that she had never felt before.  Tyrone would
occasionally push his finger as deep inside her as it would go.  During those
times Holly felt as if she might have to move her bowels, and it was a strangely
sensual sensation.  It was a feeling as if her body was going to do something
she had no control over.  There was a peculiar excitement to this sense that she
was no longer in control of what her body might do. 

Holly had never permitted any of her few previous lovers to ever touch her down
there, despite the attempts of a couple of them to do so.  Now she was
helplessly submitting to this degrading exploration by a thirteen year old boy
she despised. 

Holly realized with a sense of horror that she was beginning to enjoy the feel
of his finger, especially each time it penetrated deeply inside her, and caused
the sensation that her bowels might suddenly and explosively empty themselves. 

The next time Tyrone pushed his finger in deeply, Holly unconsciously moved her
bottom backwards, to meet the invading finger.  She felt it go inside her more
deeply than it had before.  It seemed to briefly pass from one part of her
anatomy to another.  She didn't' know exactly what was happening, but she knew
that it felt physically exciting.  Once again, she felt that thrilling sensation
that her bowels might involuntarily evacuate their contents.  Holly suspected
that Tyrone's finger now had a touch of her feces on it.

"Why don't we let these other young men enjoy her titties?," the leader asked.

Holly felt a hand slap her on the buttock.

"Lift that chest, bitch.  These students want to learn what white titties feel
like."

Holly put her hands flat against the desk and lifted her torso up.  She felt
hands pawing at her breasts. 

She hadn't looked at any of the boys since they had first started undressing
her.  Holly had been too embarrassed to be willing to see them while they looked
at her.  But for some reason, she now looked at the boys who had come up to
touch her.  One was a thirteen year old seventh grader, and the other was an
eight grader.  They were both grinning as they stared down at her, while their
hands had their way with her breasts.

One of them seemed fascinated by her large pink aureole, and the protuberant
nipple at its' center.  His fingers kept touching both, until he finally got
into a rhythm of having all five fingers start at the outer edge of her aureole,
and then stroke downwards to the nipple.  Holly felt her nipple getting hard.

The other boy was turned on by the sight of the teacher's breast hanging down in
mid-air.  He put his hand around the soft center of it, halfway between her
chest and the nipple, and began squeezing it over and over, as if he was milking
a cow's teat.

Holly looked back and forth, between the two hands touching her breasts.  Holly
was shocked to feel a sense of arousal at the obvious way these boys were
responding to the sight and touch of her body. 

She had always taken the lust of lovers for granted, but this was different. 
Holly was observing the power of her body to turn on young boys, and that was a
new experience for her.  It was...exciting. 

Holly felt a perverse thrill at the sight of the thirteen year old boy's black
fingers teasing their way over her aureole and nipple.  She felt the same thrill
as she watched the fourteen year olds' hand milking her breast.  She felt
obscenely turned on at the contrast between the black hand and the white breast
it was kneading. 

Holly realized with a sudden shock that three of her students were
simultaneously playing with her body, for Tyrone was continuing to explore her
rectum with his finger. 

"Hey, Tyrone, you want to play with her pussy?  Let me show you how to get a
bitch all wet and excited, man."  The leader's voice sounded amused.

Tyrone pulled his finger out of Holly's rectum.

"Man, look at this!  This bitch got shit on my finger!"  He sounded outraged. 

But once again, Holly felt a peculiar thrill.  She was turned on by the
knowledge that they could see her feces. More than that, she was excited because
the most private part of her body had been invaded to the extent that they could
see the evidence of that obscene invasion on Tyrone's finger.

Holly heard the leader say something softly to Tyrone.  Tyrone laughed.  He
walked around the front of the desk.  She looked up at him.  He had a look of
cruel contempt and pleasure on his face.  He looked at the way his friends were
manipulating her breasts, then he looked at her face.

"Suck this shit off my finger, bitch.  And you better get it all."  Holly was
startled by the tone of command with which the boy spoke.

Tyrone put his finger down towards Holly's face.  She opened her mouth, and
Tyrone put his finger inside.  Holly began sucking it.  She felt a tingling
between her legs at her degrading obedience to his command. 

Holly felt a tremor throughout her body, at the laughter of all seven of the
teenagers as they watched her sucking her own excrement off Tyrone's finger.

"Go on, suck harder, I want to hear you!"

Holly felt like she might be ready to get wet between her legs, as she obeyed
the sickening, taunting order.  She began sucking Tyrone's finger loudly, making
sure that all of them could hear the sound of her sucking.

"Hey, Tyrone, she sure can suck.  Why don't you take your dick out, and let's
see her mouth suck on that?"

Holly saw Tyrone's eyes widen at the unexpected thought.  She knew what was
going through his mind. 

The teacher he hated, the white woman who had "dissed" him in front of his
friends and classmates, was now entirely at his mercy.  The realization that he
could do whatever he wanted to her was just beginning to really hit home. 

Tyrone smiled at her.  He unzipped his pants.  He pulled his penis out. 

Holly was surprised by the size of the boy's penis.  It was hard and fully
erect.  It bobbed up and down, evidence of Tyrone's excitement.  He moved
forward, so that his penis was only inches from his teacher's mouth.

Time seemed to stand still for Holly, as she stared at the black penis in front
of her. She saw moisture leaking out of the slit in the head.  She looked down
the length of the boy's organ, and saw with an almost hallucinatory clarity the
veins protruding out from the shaft.  She saw his wrinkled black balls,
beginning to be covered by a coarse and curly dark matting. 

Holly inhaled deeply.  She was close enough so that she could smell Tyrone's
genital aroma, a musky combination of sperm, urine and sweat.  It was the smell
of a black boy's teenage lust. It was an odor that she would be able to vividly
recall the rest of her life. 

She shivered at the knowledge that she was about to take his penis in her mouth.

"Hey, Thomas, James, I want to play with her tits while she sucks my dick, OK?" 
The two boys removed their hands from Holly's breasts.

Tyrone's erection was so hard that it felt painful.  He moved forward.  Holly's
mouth opened, and then closed over his organ. 

Tyrone's feeling of pain instantly disappeared, as his organ disappeared into
the warm and moist interior of her mouth.  He gasped softly at the thick,
velvety sensation of her tongue circling around his hardened shaft.  Tyrone
reached his hands under Holly, and began palpating her already tender breasts. 
His grasp was hard and cruel.  

Holly licked and sucked him more energetically, hoping that in giving him
pleasure he would relent from his sadistic grasp of her now unbearably sensitive
breasts. 

Instead, he suddenly pulled out on both her nipples.  A muffled squeal of pain
came out of Holly's mouth. She felt Tyrone's penis get harder insider her mouth,
in cruel response to her cry of pain. 

He began softly stroking the white, pendulous tits cupped within his hands. 
Then, after a few moments of such deceptive and teasing gentleness, he viciously
pinched her hard pink buds.  He laughed out loud at her garbled wail of pain.

Tyrone looked down at his helpless teacher, and felt an overwhelming rush of
excitement.  This young white woman was completely in his power!  She had
insulted him in his own world.  She had acted like a superior white bitch, who
knew she was better than everyone around her.  She was doing all those poor,
underprivileged niggers a favor, by being willing to teach in such a disgusting
ghetto area.  She expected that everyone should be kissing her ass in gratitude. 
She had treated him like shit! 

But now he was looking down at her.  He was watching her mouth working
vigorously at sucking his black dick.  He was listening to the lewd noises she
was making as she sucked his cock.  And while she was doing all that, he was
squeezing her white titties, and pinching and pulling on her pink nipples.  

He was the superior one now.  Every movement of her tongue, every slurping sound
coming from her mouth, every squeal of pain, was a sign of his domination over
her.  He began thrusting his cock deeper, all the way to the back of her throat.

Tyrone would have been disappointed if he knew what was going on in Holly's
mind.  He wanted everything he was doing to her, and everything that he was
forcing her to do to him, to be disgusting to her.  He wanted to be raping her,
he wanted to be degrading and demeaning and humiliating her in every thing they
did together.

Holly was being degraded and demeaned and humiliated, but she was now fully in
the throes of responding willingly to every moment.  She kept intensifying her
response to her rape by visualizing in her mind this scene in which she was the
protagonist. 

Holly pictured to herself what everyone was seeing, especially Tyrone:  she was
nude, laying on a desk in front of seven black teenagers.  She was sucking the
cock of a thirteen year old boy, a boy who hated her, while he was playing with
her tits and periodically torturing them.  They were all watching this boy
thrusting his black cock deeper and deeper into her mouth, all the way to the
back of her throat.  They heard her grunting in response to each thrust of the
invading black cock.  They heard her cries of pain whenever he tormented her
breasts. 

Not least, Holly understood that the fact that this was being done to a white
woman added immeasurably to the sadistic lust and pleasure they were taking in
watching her violation and debasement.

Tyrone's cock strokes began to come faster and, if possible, deeper.  He began
grunting with each thrust, and with each thrust he squeezed Holly's white tits
even harder.

"I'm going to come, bitch.  You suck every fucking drop, every drop, or else."

He was true to his word.  Tyrone began emptying his balls into the white mouth
he was fucking.  Spurt after spurt, Holly couldn't believe the amount of sperm
shooting into her mouth.  She felt her labia begin to moisten, as she pictured
the onlookers watching her throat work convulsively in swallowing Tyrone's
sperm. 

Holly knew that everyone watching understood that in fucking her mouth, and
forcing her to swallow his cum, Tyrone was getting his revenge upon her.  He was
demonstrating his domination and control over her.  His black cock was a weapon
and a tool, and Holly was the helpless and pitiful and contemptible slave of
that weapon and that tool.

Tyrone's thrusts finally ceased. 

"Now I want you to suck it dry and clean.  OK, Miz Jamison,?" he asked
sarcastically.

Holly began sucking and licking the moisture off the semi-erect penis.  She
loved the feeling that she had to obey his orders. 

At the same time, she felt a mischievous curiosity to see if she could lick and
suck Tyrone's penis back to erection.  After a minute, the boy's penis did begin
to stiffen again!

 Holly licked the underside of his shaft.  She pulled her mouth back off the
length of the penis, and placed her lips momentarily around the edge of his
knob.  Then she pulled her lips back, sucking till she reached the tip of
Tyrone's penis.  She gently inserted the tip of her tongue in his slit, and then
moved her lips once again back to the edge of the large black knob.  She
repeated this over and over, until Tyrone was once again painfully rigid.

"Goddamn, this bitch gives good head...man, what a cocksucker...best blowjob
I've ever seen...didn't know white cunts liked black cock that much..."   There
was a chorus of comments from all the onlookers, in response to the blowjob
Holly was giving Tyrone. 

Holly felt another flush of excitement.  She knew she had just insured that the
other black youths would all be making use of her too.  But Holly hadn't yet
abased herself enough with Tyrone.  She hungered to have him humiliate and
degrade her even more.  She pulled her mouth off of his penis.

"Please, don't hurt me.  I'll suck the rest of you, if you just don't touch
me...down there.  Please, I will, I'll suck your cocks.  Just leave alone down
there."

"Tyrone, you hear the pretty lady?  What do think man?  You got a boner that
looks like you could fuck her cunt if you want.  What do you want to do, man.?"

"Please, no, don't do that. I couldn't stand it.  Please.  Tyrone, I'm sorry,
please don't.  Haven't I done enough for you already?,"  Holly moaned, before
Tyrone could respond.  And then Tyrone said exactly what Holly wanted him to
say.

"I think I'll fuck me some white pussy now.  Get ready Miz Jamison, I'm gonna
put my dick inside your cunt."

Holly moaned again.  She knew they all thought it was in fear of being raped,
terror of having a black penis inside her vagina.   Holly loved the pitiful,
begging sight she knew she presented to them.

Tyrone went around behind her. 

"Open your pussy, bitch.  I want to see your hole."

Holly moaned again, as she reached behind her.  Her fingers opened her vagina as
wide as she could.  She heard lewd laughter and comments at what she knew was
the sight of her gaping vagina.  Holly had gotten wet by the time she had
finished sucking Tyrone's penis.  She would easily be able to accommodate him
between her legs.  She wanted to have this thirteen year old boy fuck her. She
wanted to submit to his domination of her.  She wanted to feel his youthful
hardness inside her vagina, now that she had already taken it in her mouth.

Tyrone moved forward.  He put his left hand on Holly's buttock.  With his right
hand, he guided his erection to her opening.  He pushed forward, and his cock
slid easily into Holly's wet hole, and then into her interior.

"No, my God, no, please, have mercy, please," Holly moaned as she felt his
hardness slide into her.

Tyrone got even harder in response to her begging and pleading.  This bitch was
at his mercy, and he was fucking her.  He began thrusting as deeply as he could
inside her.

"How do you like it, Miz Jamison, does that black dick feel good, bitch?  But
you know what, I feel kind of sorry for you.  If you ask nice, maybe I'll stop."

"Tyrone, please, I'm begging, I'm sorry for the way I treated you.  Please don't
do this."  Holly felt herself get wetter as she fruitlessly begged the young
thug for mercy, a mercy she didn't want.

"Fuck you bitch," he laughed, as he continued to thrust inside her.  The others
all laughed too.

Tyrone suddenly slapped Holly's ass hard.

"Lift up, bitch.  I want those titties again."

Holly moaned, and lifted her torso up from the desk again.  She once again felt
the boy's vindictive hands around her tortured breasts.  Tyrone began squeezing
Holly's breasts in time to the thrusts of his cock.  She began moaning again,
but this time it was for real, at the tortured agony of her breasts.  Holly
began crying.

"Please, Tyrone, I'll do whatever you want, please don't, I can't stand it," she
sobbed.

Holly's begging kept Tyrone's erection at a painful hardness.  Her tears and her
begging created the desire in him to make her cry and beg even more.  His
domination of her was like a dream, something he could never have even imagined. 

The woman beneath him was his slave.  Tyrone now understood what white slave
owners must have felt towards their black female slaves. 

The ability and freedom to do whatever you wanted with a woman was intoxicating. 
It was headier than any of the drugs he had already experimented with. 

Tyrone had already satisfied any need or desire for revenge against Holly. That
particular lust had been satisfied while she was swallowing his sperm earlier.  
He now wanted to hurt her because it turned him on to have her under his
control. He loved the way she sounded, as she begged and pleaded for mercy.  She
wasn't the almighty white teacher now!

 He continued to knead her breasts, and she continued to sob and cry out in
pain.

Holly was in a fog of pain.  She realized that she had goaded Tyrone beyond her
ability to manipulate.  She thought she had been so clever!  She had wanted him
to fuck her, and she had used the most elemental reverse psychology to get him
to do so.  But now he was doing more than fucking her, he was torturing her.  He
continued to plunge away inside her. He continued to abuse her tormented
breasts.  She was helpless, and could only submit to his cruelties. 

But even pain can reach a point of diminishing returns.  As Tyrone maintained
his brutally unrelenting attentions to her breasts, she found she could also
focus on the cock still pounding away inside her. 

That obscene camera she seemed to have inside her mind went to work again. She
pictured the skinny black teenager thrusting his pelvis backwards and forwards
against her ass, as his hands continued to elicit an agonizing measure of pain
from her poor, defenseless breasts.  Holly
imagined the sight of the black penis disappearing between the pink lips of her
vagina.  She visualized the other boys watching Tyrone's scrawny ass and hips
thrusting towards her own wide woman's hips, spread out invitingly for his use. 

She was now grunting in time to each thrust, just as he was hurting her breasts
in time to each thrust of his cock.

 Then, finally, she sensed blessed relief on its' way.  The pace of Tyrone's
thrusts picked up.  She heard him grunting, and Holly knew that Tyrone was about
to come again.

With a loud groan, Tyrone unloaded his balls into the depths of her vagina,
giving a final vicious twist to Holly's nipples.  Holly cried out in agony at
the same time that her body accepted the tribute of the boy's sperm. 

Tyrone pulled his softening cock out of her.  He gave her a contemptuous slap on
the ass, and leaned over her, his face next to hers.

"That's the best fucking detention I've ever had, Miz Jamison,"  he whispered
softly into her ear.  He laughed and straightened up.

"Who's next?"

Holly lay there dazed.  She heard the others talking among themselves, felt
hands casually rubbing across her ass, as they decided who would be using her
next.  Holly's mind churned with emotions and thoughts and images during her
brief respite.

My breasts hurt so much...Other men, lovers, have always loved touching them,
playing with them, kissing them...but a thirteen year old boy hurt them, just to
punish me, just to teach me a lesson...yes, a young black boy just taught me a
lesson...I just completely submitted to a boy I hate...I just submitted to
him...that thirteen year old boy just fucked me...I wanted him to fuck me, I
wanted to feel him inside me, after I sucked him...yes, I sucked his black cock,
I allowed a child to put his cock in me...I took his cock in my mouth...I sucked
it, I swallowed his sperm...I smelled him...I'm going to be raped by the
others...they're going to do whatever they want with me...I want them to use
me...I want the other children to fuck their white teacher...I want them to
treat me with contempt...I want their hands on me, I want them to show me
they're in control, that I'm just a pussy and tits and an asshole for their
pleasure...I want to moan for them, I want them to see and hear how helpless I
am...I want to be taken in my asshole by a nigger cock, yes, that's what it is,
a nigger cock, and I want them to hear me moan as they fuck me, deep in my dark
bowels...I want to be gang raped by these niggers, I want them to see how a
white woman loves to be gang fucked by niggers, how they can make me love it...I
want Tyrone again...I want him to fuck me in the ass...I want him to force his
black cock into my tight opening, I want him to tell me what a white cunt and
slut I am, as he takes me that way...my God, I want to be gang raped by a bunch
of niggers, I want them all to take me, to enjoy me casually, just because I'm
helpless in their hands...I thought that they're all trash, animals, but now
they're using me like I'm an animal...I thought I was better than them, but
their cocks are proving that they're better and stronger and more powerful than
I am...I want to see their bodies, all of their bodies, not just their cocks...I
want to touch their legs and chests and asses...I want to rub my hands all over
them, and make their cocks long and hard before I even touch those long black
rods...but Tyrone...I really want Tyrone...I want to kiss his ass, I want to
spread his ass cheeks and put my face in his crack...I want to smell him, I want
to stick my nose right against his asshole...I want to put my tongue inside him,
I want to taste his rectum...I want to smell and taste the shit smell and shit
taste of him there, that's what I deserve, that's what I need and want...

Holly's reverie was shattered, as she felt a pair of strong hands grasp her by
the hips.  The leader of the three classroom invaders spoke.

"I need you to move up some, bitch.  I'm going to teach these boys how to make a
bitch beg for what these boys got hanging down between their legs."

With the help of those hands pulling on her hips, Holly moved forward on the
desk.  Her ass and most of her vulva was now facing the ceiling.  Holly felt a
wave of lust at the spectacle she knew she was providing them. 

Holly moaned, as she felt hands spread her ass cheeks, lewdly exposing her to
their lascivious gazes. 

She thought that this must have been what black female slaves experienced, when
they were examined on the auction block, prior to being bought and sold.  Holly
wondered if any of them had ever felt lust, as rude, groping fingers explored
their secret body cavities and openings.

She moaned again, as a thick finger rubbed her asshole, and then pushed inside. 
Her moaning became a continuous animal sound. 

Holly knew her students were watching as the finger explored her interior.  The
finger was thicker and longer than Tyrone's, and it probed even more deeply. 
She once again experienced the feeling that the probing was going to make her
shit.  Holly began to rotate her ass around the invading finger.  She heard the
teenagers laugh at her responsiveness to having her rectum explored.

Their laughter, in turn, excited her even more.  She moaned louder and moved her
pushed her ass back to meet the finger. 

"Damn, this is one hot bitch.  This is gonna be easy.  No need to turn her into
a slut, she is one.  You like this bitch, don't you?  You really love this?"

"Yes, please don't stop.  I do love it, I love your finger in my asshole. 
You're getting my shit on your finger.  I want to suck it
off...please...please...please..."

The finger was pulled out of her.  The young man came around to the front of the
desk.  He held out his finger to her.

"OK, go ahead and taste your own shit babe.  There's a nice coating, I got this
way deep inside you, bitch."

Holly sucked the finger clean, to the raucous laughter and catcalls of the
others, especially her students.

"...not so high and mighty now...white bitch...look at that sucking...gonna have
that white mouth around my joint...get some of that bitch's shit on my big black
dick, and she can suck that clean..."

Holly's lust was like a tortured itch deep within her mind.  She needed them to
do things to her, to force her to do things to them...her lust was an itch that
could only be scratched and relieved by degrading and perverted actions.  Their
talk and bravado would drive her crazy, if they didn't back it up with action.

He pulled his finger out of her mouth.

"OK, babe, time to teach these boys how to make a bitch squirm and beg."

He walked back around her. 

"Gather around, guys, and watch this."

Holly felt fingers spreading her labia open.  She knew her entire vulva was
glistening with her own moisture, as well what was dripping out of her from
Tyrone.

She moaned as she felt fingers manipulating the folds of her flesh.  Holly
gasped, as she felt the protective hood pulled back from her clitoris.

"See that little pink thing, boys?  That's got the power to make bitches beg for
cock.  Wait till you see this sticking up outta black pussy, like a tiny little
pink cone out of black cunt.   It's just like a target.  Now watch."

And with that, Holly felt her clitoris taken between his thumb and forefinger. 
He began patiently and gently rubbing it, over and over. 

"Oh my God, yes, oh, Christ, Jesus Christ, that's wonderful, thank you, please,
please, please..."  She began moving her bottom, trying to create more friction
between her organ and the fingers which were teasing it.

"Yes, yes, yes, yes.." she kept moaning repeatedly. 

"OK, this is a classroom, guys, so you all get a chance to show if you've
learned this.  Tyrone, why don't you go first, man?  Do just what I'm doing. 
Thomas, you go ahead and stick your finger in the bitch's asshole.  When you're
touching a bitch's clit, it helps to touch her other places at the same time."

For a moment there was no one touching her, but Holly kept moving her ass, as if
in response to some invisible caress.

Then she felt fingers on her clitoris again, repeating what had just been done
to it.  At the same time she felt another finger inserted into her anus.

"God, yes!," she moaned in a loud voice. 

Holly had been on the verge of orgasm even before they started teasing her
clitoris.  The teasing of the two fingers now caused her to thrust her pelvis
repeatedly against the desk.  She knew that Tyrone was now the one toying with
her, playing with her, causing the mewling groans of animal lust coming from
deep within her throat. 

It was the despised Tyrone's two fingers which were now teasing and torturing
and pleasuring her center of lust. She knew she was going to come.

"OK, Tyrone," the leader said.  "Now rub that clit faster and harder.  Thomas,
jam that finger up her ass as far as it'll go, and move it around and around
insider of her."

The two young boys did as they were instructed, and Holly exploded.  She rammed
her pelvis up and down against the desk as hard and as fast she could.

Holly heard them all laughing, as she came, in a series of convulsive thrusts. 
She grunted over and over, until, finally, she was spent.

"Goddamn, look at all this stuff that gushed out of her cunt!," she heard Tyrone
say in wonder.

What a show I just gave them, Holly thought to herself, as she lay there
panting, sweat dripping down her face and between her breasts.

Tyrone must have really enjoyed making me moan and grunt...what did he think as
he watched me, and heard me?  He controlled and dominated my entire body, my
mind and spirit, he controlled all of me with his two childish fingers.  He made
a grown woman move like a slut under his touch.  God, I loved it, I've never
exploded like that!  I want more, I want to be fucked...I want to be treated
like their white whore...I want them to enjoy humiliating me...they're so slow,
they're not doing enough...I'm here, available for their use...they can do
anything they want to me...I want them to do whatever they want...

Then a thought occurred to her, a way to manipulate them, a way to get them to
use her the way she needed...but it took a moment before she gained the courage
to plunge ahead.  But, finally...

"Have you niggers had enough?  You bunch of smelly motherfuckers...  You can't
get jobs, or do well in school, but you can gang up on a defenseless woman.  You
wimp cocksuckers...fuck you!"

There was a moment of stunned silence. 

"Well, if she isn't still an uppity bitch," the leader said.  "Malcolm, Allen,
grab her arms, and hold them steady.  Thomas, James, get down their and hold her
legs.  Tyrone, go get that yardstick, the one up by the blackboard."

Holly felt the boys do as they were told.  She was now immobile.  She was
suddenly frightened, but the fear was mixed with anticipation.

"Fuck us, huh?   Well, in a little bit, you're gonna be begging us to fuck you,
you white cunt."

Holly shuddered. 

"Please, wait, I'm sorry.  It's just that...I'm sore and I hurt...I didn't mean
it, please.  Just don't hurt me.  I'll do whatever you want, ok?  Please, don't
hurt me.  I'll give you all blowjobs, I'll let you fuck, but don't hurt me."

"We can already do all that, bitch.  You just dissed us all.  Now we gotta show
you your place.  This is gonna be real fun."  Holly felt him touch her ass in an
almost loving way.  She realized then that a touch can be ironic and even
sarcastic.

"Tyrone, get over here.  Hold the yardstick about here, yeah, that's right.  You
can swing it plenty hard by holding it there.  How do feel about whipping this
white bitch's ass with that, huh?"

"Oh, man, yeah," Tyrone breathed.

"OK, but wait just a second, there's one more thing we gotta take care of."

Holly heard him walk around to the front of the desk.  He grabbed her hair, and
yanked her face up. 

"Open your mouth."

Holly thought of resisting, but knew it wouldn't make any difference.  She
opened her mouth.  He stuffed her panties inside her mouth.

She was reminded suddenly of that old aphorism:  be careful what you wish for,
because the gods might grant it. 

Holly had wanted more action.  She was about to get it.


To be continued.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mike B


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





