BDSM Library - Jen's Party Fun




Jen's Party Fun
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: True story of Jen being taken to a party, by a Mistress, where she has sex with multiple men.
Jen's Party Fun

I'm a college student, and a submissive one at that. 

Sitting patiently on my bed, I waited for the phone to ring.

The plan was that Melissa, one of the residents on my floor, would call me when
she'd be ready to go and that I was to be ready.

Now let me explain a bit about this situation.   I was a Resident Assistant (RA)
in this dorm, and therefore I was responsible for making sure that the girls on
my floor stayed out of trouble, and to provide some guidance where needed. 
Melissa was one of those girls on my floor that I was to set an example for. 
She was a freshman in college when she arrived in the fall, and almost
instantly, she and I did not "hit it off."   Her attitude wasn't good in my
mind, somewhat bitchy although she could get away with it with her looks.  She
was about 5-4, maybe 110 lbs. blonde hair with blue eyes.  She was beautiful to
put it mildly.  While everyone's tastes are different, Melissa was one girl who
everyone would say, was pretty, even if she was not someone's type.  Her body
fit her build, smaller all around, and thin but wore clothes to accent her
features.

Myself, I have been told am attractive.  I stand 5-6 or so, weight about 120,
with brown hair and dark eyes.  While, I have been told I am attractive what
most people notice about me is my figure or rather my breasts, which hold a "D"
cup.  Because of those, I receive plenty of attention.

Somewhere along the line in the late winter/early spring, although we did not
get along, I had become subservient to Melissa and all her whims.  How exactly
this came to be is a much longer story that I will go into another time.  At
this point however, I was her obedient sex slave and my body was hers to do with
as she pleased.  This particular night, all she had told me to be ready to go
out to a party and if there was one thing that I knew from our time together so
far was to be ready when she said to be.

So when I had come home that evening, I put on what I had been told to wear.  A
see-through lace black bra and thong set, a very short black miniskirt, and a
black button up shirt that was made of only nylon and therefore was see-through
were to make up my outfit for the night.  I was to top off the outfit with a
pair of high heels.  I had put on my makeup, including dark red lipstick. I
looked at myself in the mirror and concluded that I appeared to be looking for
some "fun" tonight, as I normally was, and was the look that was desired.

Finally the call came, and Melissa told me she'd be down to my room in a few
minutes.

No knock, the door just opened up and in walked Melissa, dressed in a pair of
very tight black pants, and a red dress shirt, accenting her chest, and a pair
of black shoes with raised heels. She looked me over, inspecting my outfit,
noticing how she could see my nipples through the shirt and bra, and pinched on
both of them. She lifted my skirt, what little of it there was, and inspected
the thong I had on underneath.  Feeling my pussy through the thong, she felt how
wet I was already and told me what a slut I was for my pussy was already
drenched.  I bent my head in a little shame, for while I was embarrassed to be
treated like this, it was that very reason why I was so wet.  She slapped my ass
hard and told me we were going to go, but she allowed me to put on a sweater to
cover my near naked breasts.

When we arrived at the party, Melissa said to me, "Just go do your own thing for
a while slut, but without the sweater on," as she walked away.  I mingled
around, felt plenty of eyes on me, starting at my breasts and nipples that were
hard and visible and feeling others touch my butt, as I'd brush by them.  My
pussy was moist from all the attention and the looks my body was getting. I was
keeping myself busy talking to a few people.  I had been trying to somewhat
cover up chest with my arms folded, for even though it was darker in the room,
my nipples and breasts could be seen.  I felt embarrassed for letting everyone
see them; but then again, I loved when people were looking at me too. All of a
sudden, I felt a hand go up my skirt and squeeze my ass very hard as Melissa
told me to follow her.

She led me to the bar, where a guy was pouring shots for people.  Melissa put
down a few dollars on the bar and bought both of us a shot.  She then told me to
ask the bartender what I could do to get a free shot.  He responded with, we
could go upstairs to his room in a joking manner.  Melissa then said to him, "If
you give her and I a free shot, I'll have her come upstairs, strip, and you and
all of her friends can fuck her."

He laughed and said that she had to be kidding.  She smiled and looked towards
me, giving me one of "those" looks.  I said to him, "Yes, if you give us a free
shot, you and all your friends can fuck me." 

Melissa looked at me again and said, "What is it they can do?"  I lowered my
eyes and told the bartender, "If you give us a free shot, you and your friends
can stick your cocks into my cunt and fuck me, and you can all cum inside of
me."

He couldn't pour the shots fast enough, and as embarrassed as I was, I couldn't
drink it fast enough either.

Melissa then spoke to the bartender whispering back and forth.  I knew that I
was in store for a long session tonight and anxiously awaited it.  I could feel
my pussy becoming even wetter as I wondered what exactly was in store for me. 
Melissa then led me upstairs to where the bartender and another guy were already
waiting in the bedroom.

Once inside the room, I heard, "Show these nice guys your big tits, and your wet
little cunt."  I felt the humiliation of being nothing more than an object for
these two men to look at, yet at the same time, I was turned on.  I slowly and
somewhat reluctantly took off my shirt, and then my bra, showing them my naked
breasts.  I could see their cocks already hard through their pants and I walked
in front of each of them so that they could see my tits better.

"Very nice," one of them commented. "She's got huge tits," the other said.  The
shame I felt, should've turned me off, but my nipples were as hard as their
cocks, and my pussy I felt was following suit.

"And now the rest, you easy whore," Melissa commanded. I then lowered my
miniskirt and slipped out of my thong, leaving me nude before them but for my
heels. 

"Spread your legs and open up your cunt so that they can see what a whore you
are, and how wet your pussy is," Melissa said to me.  Mortified, I reached down
and spread open my pussy lips, my fingers glistening wet by just touching my
pussy.  "What a slut, she's dripping wet," one of them exclaimed.

"Now turn around and show them your ass, as I'm sure it likes to be fucked too,
bitch," I heard. Turning around, I bent over and grabbed my ankles as I could
hear the two guys stand up and begin to get undressed.  "That ass was made to be
fucked!" one of the guys said aloud.

Bent over nude, exposing my cunt and asshole to two strange men, I wondered why
I had gone along with this in the first place.  Yet there was no denying that I
was turned on, and anxious to feel one of them inside of me.

A sting on my ass snapped me out of my trance, as Melissa slapped my naked butt
hard with her hand. "Now get ready, cunt.  These guys are going to use you like
you were meant to be used," Melissa said.

And with that, the bartender grabbed a hold of my hips and slammed his cock up
into me, driving it all the way inside my already slippery wet pussy. I moaned
in wonderful enjoyment as he mounted me from behind.  My tits swinging freely
beneath me, he continued his assault pushing his cock further up into me.
"Nowhere near a virgin," I heard Melissa say.  "That was a low-blow," I thought
to myself, but didn't care at the time.

Soon I felt the prick inside of me stiffen and fill me with his hot sticky cum,
and as fast as he had entered me he withdrew.  The empty and lonely feeling
between my legs didn't last long, as soon the second guy pushed his cock into
the gooey slick hole of mine and the first guy appeared before me, his cock
dripping with his cum and glistening with my juices.  I opened my mouth as he
sank his now empty dick in-between my lips. Taking a cock from behind and
another one in front I was in heaven.  My head was spinning, part from enjoyment
another part from the alcohol as I felt my body begin to give way and my knees
get weak and then my first orgasm of the night hit me. 

My pussy very sensitive now, and my body coated with sweat. The guy presently in
my cunt pushed his cock deep inside of me as his cock erupted sea of white cum,
filling me up with more. He withdrew and I thought it was over, until I felt a
fresh cock, bigger than the first two proceed to enter my well-used fuckhole. 
The second guy's prick, much like the first appeared before my mouth and pushed
itself in-between my lips.  My tongue tasted not only my own cum but the cum of
the prick in my mouth and also that of the first guy as well.

This big prick inside of me opened my pussy wider, pushing the cum of the first
two deep inside of my belly. I then heard Melissa's voice in my ear, "Cum you
little whore, there's a whole line of guys whose cum you'll take inside of you
tonight.  Open your bitch legs wide and fuck them back, they want to see you for
the nasty slut you are."  I felt a shock of pain through my nipple as Melissa
dug her nails into them and twisted.

Again my body erupted in a violent orgasm.  On very weak knees, my body was
going numb, the alcohol was taking full effect, and my pussy was controlling me
now.  I felt the guy inside of me fill me again with his sperm and I was helped
over to the bed and laid down on my back.  I opened my eyes and saw a new man
standing in front of me, as he started to guide his cock into my cum filled
pussy.

I could hear voices around me, but couldn't make out what was being said at this
point. I just kept feeling strange men fucking me like the slut I was, and I
loved every minute of it.

Reveling in all this pleasure, the room suddenly went black.  When I came to,
Melissa was standing there with two guys and they were all getting me dressed. 
A thought crossed my mind of what had all gone on, and with a smile I closed my
eyes.  When my eyes opened again, I was in my dorm room.  Melissa was before me
standing nude holding only a paddle.  Her blonde hair touching her shoulders,
and her tanned body, her small, perky breasts, and a tiny patch of golden pubic
hair, all welcomed me back from my consciousness. I looked down and I was again
stripped of all my clothing. 

Melissa said, "This should wake you up cunt."  And she let fly a stream of blows
across my ass.  I tried to fight back the tears but it was of no use and I was
in no state to struggle.

She then lifted my head and told me, "Next time bitch, it will be your ass they
use, not your pussy.  Now come over here, slut, you know what to do," she said
as she lay down on the bed and opened her legs.  I immediately began to lick her
pussy, wanting nothing else but to please her. My lips ran through her slit,
tasting all her juices.  My tongue flicked over her clit, as she ran her hands
through my hair.  Melissa pushed my head hard against her pussy as she muttered,
"Oh yes, you cum-filled slut, suck my clit."  As I did, her body began to
tremble, and her body exploded into orgasm, as I tried my best to swallow and
taste every bit of her pussy.

She then got up and left me lying nude on top of my bed, as she got dressed.  I
was exhausted from my first group fuck, and Melissa wasn't the type to take tuck
me in.  "Good job tonight, cunt," she said as she left.  I let out a sigh and
thought about what a humiliating night it was, how many strangers had fucked me
and how they had all left their cum inside of me.  Yet, I fell asleep with a
smile on my face and couldn't wait until next time.



The end.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jennifer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





