BDSM Library - Swift Justice




Swift Justice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Drunken bar patron is dealt with by two policemen.
SWIFT JUSTICE



Roxanne was a regular down at the Village Pub.  The bartender, Jesse, was
getting pretty tired of arguing with her.  She was so drunk; she wasn't able to
keep her balance.  "Roxanne, you've had enough." Jesse told her for the
umpteenth time.  "Who do you think you are?  You're just a bartender.  I'm the
customer and the customer is always right!" Roxanne exclaimed in her slurred
voice.  "Fine you piece of shit, I'll take my money some place where they'll
appreciate my business!" she spat.  Jesse said,  "Roxanne, hand over your keys. 
I'll call you a cab."  Roxanne took her glass filled with only melting ice and
threw the contents in Jesse's face.  "I'm outta here!" She yelled at the red
faced Jesse.  Roxanne grabbed her keys and purse and started wobbling out the
door. 

A couple of patrons in the bar stopped Roxanne before she got out the door where
she proceeded to argue with them as well.  Jesse picked up the phone and called
the police.  Roxanne started to push and shove the other patrons out of her way. 
She slapped one of the men in the face.  "Get the fuck out of my way!" she
cried.  She got outside the bar and started fumbling for her keys.  Roxanne, her
long dark hair bouncing as her stride quickened, stumbled and fell down on her
knees.  The two men she had scuffled with on her way out were right behind her.

The police car pulled into the parking lot of the Village Pub just as the two
men were helping Roxanne to her feet.  As the two young officers stepped out of
their vehicle, they asked, "What's going on here gentlemen?"  One of the men
yelled, "This crazy bitch has had way too much to drink and wants to drive to
another bar."  The taller of the two policemen said, "I'm Officer Campbell and
this is my partner Officer Burkowicz, we'll take care of this matter from here."

"What's your name young lady?"  Officer Burkowicz, the slender blond haired
blue-eyed cop asked.  Roxanne replied, "Listen Ocifer, I'm fine."  Officer
Campbell the dark haired brown-eyed cop said, "Please let me see your license
Miss".   Roxanne fumbled into her purse, dropping everything to the ground. 
"Shit!" she exclaimed.  A joint was lying on the ground along with the other
contents of her purse.  "What do we have here?" Officer Campbell asked as he
picked up the spleef.  Officer Burkowicz picked up Roxanne's wallet and took out
her ID.  "Please come with us Miss Winters" Officer Burkowicz said.

They led Roxanne to the squad car and she tripped and fell again.  Some new
customers were pulling up to the establishment and observed the two officers
with the drunken and very attractive girl wearing jeans and a tight sweater. 
One of them said to the others "Do you see how drunk she is?  I'll bet those
cops are going to take advantage of her."

Roxanne was ordered to put her hands on the hood of the car and Officer Campbell
frisked her lean yet supple body.  Roxanne was then handcuffed and put into the
back of the squad.   The officers got in the vehicle and slowly pulled out of
the Pub's parking lot.  Roxanne was so intoxicated that she started to pass out
in the back of the squad.  She awakened a few moments later, yelled at the two
policemen, "What the fuck?  I'm a law-abiding citizen ocifers!"  "Miss Winters,
possession of a controlled substance, and driving under the influence of alcohol
wouldn't be considered law-abiding." Officer Burkowicz proclaimed.  "Listen, you
fucking pig, I'm a taxpayer and I pay your salary!"  With this comment she
slumped back into her seat and passed out again.  "She's ornery isn't she?"
Burkowicz asked Campbell.  "If she didn't look so good, I'd book her for
possession, public nuisance, DUI and insulting an officer."  Burkowicz said.  "I
hear you partner." Campbell replied.  "What do you think we should do with her?"
Campbell lifted his eyebrow as he addressed Burkowicz.  "I think we should award
her Swift justice." Burkowicz replied.

Campbell pulled into the Swift Forest Preserve entrance.  Burkowicz got out of
the car and opened the chained sign that closed the entrance off to the public
so that Campbell could pull the squad through.  Once the car was in, Burkowicz
chained the sign back into place.  He jumped back into the squad.  The flashers
were turned off and they silently crept toward a more wooded section of the
forest preserve.  Campbell stopped the car and turned off the engine.  Roxanne
was stirring in the back, still handcuffed.  Campbell and Burkowicz exited the
vehicle.

They whispered outside for a few moments then Campbell opened the back door of
the squad where Roxanne was awakening.  "Please step out of the vehicle Miss
Winters." He said.  He had to help her out but she managed to stand on her own. 
"We didn't give you all the necessary sobriety tests."  He told her.  "That's
right" his partner chimed in.   Roxanne was confused.  She did not recognize her
surroundings.  "What's going on?" she asked.  "Where am I?"  "Don't worry,
Roxanne, you're in good hands." Campbell said as he put his hands on her supple
breasts.  Burkowicz came from behind her and put his hands on her firm ass.

"What the hell are you doing?" she cried.  Campbell pulled her sweater up
revealing no bra and two large firm breasts with erect nipples.  "You think
they're real, Burk?" Campbell asked.  "We should make sure." Burkowicz replied
as he grabbed a handful from behind.  "Hmm this one feels pretty real but judge
for yourself."   Both the cops were handling her breasts.  Roxanne was on the
brink of consciousness.  She protested, but it made no difference.  Campbell
unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans then pulled them to her ankles.  Her bikini
style panties looked like something Victoria's Secret might offer.  "She's a
saucy one." Campbell purred.  "I'll bet her pussy is shaved." Burkowicz piped
in.  "I think it's shaped in a V." Campbell responded.  "Bet you her ass, it's
shaved clean." Burkowicz cried.  "You're on!" Campbell exclaimed. 

Campbell pulled down Roxanne's sexy panties to reveal a nicely trimmed bush. 
"Damn it!" Burkowicz complained.  Roxanne was protesting and moaning in her
drunken state, still handcuffed and unable to resist.  Her sweater was hiked up
revealing her lush breasts and jeans and panties around her ankles.  "Now for
that sobriety test." Campbell uttered.  He pushed Roxanne to her knees although
it didn't require much effort.  He unfastened his trousers and pulled out his
rock hard penis.  He shoved his long 8 inch member into her mouth.  "This is the
part where you blow." He whispered to a semi-conscious Roxanne.  Burkowicz
laughed at this.  He had removed his own thick 7 inch erection from his pants
and was stroking it as he watched his partner fuck their prisoner's mouth.

"I think she needs to do the test again." Burk said as he went to switch places
with his partner.  "You're right, I think she does." Campbell agreed.  Burkowicz
started to assault her mouth a bit more forcefully than his partner had.  "Easy,
man." Campbell laughed.  "You don't want her puking all over it, do you?"  Burk
eased up and started moaning.  Campbell was kneeling on the ground with
Roxanne's nipple in his mouth.  This elicited a groan from Roxanne.  "Now that's
what I call a hummer."  Burk moaned.  Campbell's hand went to Roxanne's pussy. 
He was surprised to find it moist.  He inserted a finger and she moaned around
Burk's hard cock.  "Oh yeah!" Burk cried.  They lifted Roxanne off the ground
and held her between them.  Now Burk was sucking on her tits and Campbell was
inserting his finger into her moistening snatch as he rubbed his erection on her
ass.

Burk slid down to his knees while Campbell helped keep her vertical.  He ran his
tongue up and down her clit, which caused her to groan loudly.  Campbell
inserted his now dripping finger into her ass while his partner was feasting on
Roxanne's wet pussy.  "Oh her ass is so tight, man." Campbell teased.  "Too bad
you lost, this is gonna be good."  "Fuck you, man!" Burkowicz retorted.  "Her
pussy is so wet and I'm gonna suck on those gorgeous tits while I fuck it!"

Roxanne was now naked from the waist down and her sweater was hiked up to reveal
her generous breasts.   The night was cool and she shivered a little.  "We'll
have to warm our prisoner up." Burk told his partner.  "Let's turn up the
heat!!" Campbell huffed.

Burkowicz spread Roxanne's legs slightly then inserted his throbbing cock into
her.  She moaned and cried out.  Campbell grabbed her panties and stuck them
into her mouth.  He then spit onto his own huge cock and entered her ass.  She
jerked and they heard a muffled scream.  "Good thinking." Burk commented on his
partner's choice of gag.

They started to pump Roxanne's slender body.  Burk was sucking hard on her tits
while he fucked her tight wet pussy.  Campbell was fucking her ass faster and
faster.  "Man, she is so tight, I'm gonna cum." Campbell grunted.  "I know;
she's got a first rate pussy, man." Burk sighed.  The partners felt Roxanne
shudder as she had an involuntary orgasm and this pushed them both over the
edge.  "Oh yeah baby yeah, that pussy is so good!" Burk screamed as her climax
had her pussy contracting on his cock.  "Her ass is clenching on my cock, I'm
gonna cum any second!" Campbell cried. 

Both men pulled out at the same time, bent Roxanne over the hood of the squad
car and proceeded to cum all over her ass.  Their jizz slid down her ass and
onto the backs of her thighs.  Roxanne was still in a semi conscious state. 
Burk grabbed some napkins from inside the squad car and wiped her off. 
Burkowicz and Campbell cleaned her up and dressed her.  They removed her
handcuffs and put her into the back of the squad car.

Officers Burkowicz and Campbell took Roxanne home.  They took her inside using
her keys to gain entrance to her home.  They laid her on the couch.  Roxanne was
completely passed out.  They left her purse and keys on the coffee table and let
themselves out.

As they were leaving, Burkowicz pulled out the joint that had fallen out of
Roxanne's purse.  Campbell asked "Doesn't she know that drugs and alcohol can
get you into all types of trouble?"  "Well, this time she got off with a
warning, but next time she may not be so lucky."  Burk said seriously.  Campbell
lit up Roxanne's joint and said, "This is evidence, I guess it just went up in
smoke."  They laughed hysterically as they pulled away.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mistress Blue


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





