BDSM Library - The Hands




The Hands
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A kidnapped female finds herself at the mercy of some heartless males.
The Hands

I awoke to find myself laying on a cold metal table. My arms were stretched
tightly above my head and my legs spread painfully wide. Fear and dread engulfed
me as I lay there in the total darkness. I had to blink my eyes to see if they
were open. My heart thudded in my chest as adrenaline pumped in my veins. How on
earth did I get here? Rough leather cuffs were biting into the flesh above my
ankles as I struggled to give my quaking thighs some relief from being stretched
so far.

There was absolute darkness...then a light appeared directly over my body but
not high enough to illuminate the room or beyond the edge of the table. From the
darkness I watched a hand attached to an arm emerge and run its fingertips over
my taut body. Small echos of fear ran through my body and made me tremble with
nerves. I tried to scream. I thought I tried to scream. But my brain felt
suddenly clouded by the effort required. I felt like I had been drugged.

The hand receded into the darkness. And then two hands returned holding
something that glinted in the light. I tried to squirm away even though my mind
could make no sense of what it was seeing.

The hands moved slowly towards my aching breasts, and I wondered briefly why
they were aching. I lifted my head a little to look down. I moaned as I saw the
blotchy red marks, like pinch marks, all over my breasts. My nipples felt like
they were on fire. My head fell back down to the table with the effort. One of
the hands roughly grabbed My left breast and squeezed the nipple upwards. The
back of the fingers of the other hand brushed against my bruised nipple. I
shivered and moaned with pain. I heard snickering. The hand turned palm up
showing me what awaited me. In my mind it looked like a small creature with long
sharp fangs. In reality it was an alligator clip. I tried to scream as the clamp
was attached to my right nipple. I watched in horror as the clamp was tightened
and a trickle of blood ran down the side of my right breast to pool.

It was then that I realised why I couldn't hear myself. A ball or something had
been pushed into My mouth. My jaw ached with being held open. Like it had been
like that for a long time. My head was swimming in a thick fog. I felt my eyes
roll back into my head as I moaned and sobbed. I felt cool tears running down my
face and down my neck. I tried again to struggle free, but it was no use.

A blinding flash of while hot pain stabbed into the nipple of my right breast as
an alligator clip was also attached to it and tightened. I tried to scream again
but all that came out was a strangled moan. I twisted in my secure bonds and
felt myself start to sweat. I looked down at my poor abused nipples and was
horrified to see wires running from the ends of the alligator clips into the
darkness.

Just as I was starting to think that this felt like an examining table, or maybe
an operating table, my ankles were unbuckled and I could feel my legs being
raised. I raised my head enough to see stirrups roll evenly into place and
watched as My lower thighs and ankles were buckled into them. Then the bottom
half of the table fell away from under my ass and I felt like I was floating.

Just then the hands re-emerged from the darkness and for the first time I
noticed they were clad in surgical gloves. Then I saw the needle. More tears
came to my eyes and cascaded down my cheeks as I tried in vain to escape its
approach. It felt like it was in slow motion. It came up to my left breast and
was pushed easily in beside the nipple about an inch. Whatever was injected into
me made my breast radiate pain from my nipple outwards. Then flush hot. Another
needle appeared from my other side and I realised there were more than one pair
of hands. As my sorry brain processed this new information I was jabbed next to
my right nipple. I was almost sure I heard snickering again.

Just then I felt fingers squeezing the flesh around my pussy and I exploded in
excruciating pain as I felt what could only be another alligator clip tighten
around my exposed clit. I writhed and jerked and felt spatters of my sweat on my
skin as I tossed my head from side to side. I felt like I was drooling and I
noticed also that I could breath through the ballgag. It must have had holes in
it. My drool must have been pooling under my neck with my tears.

My hair was matted to my forehead with my sweat and the room felt stiflingly
hot. Then I felt a cool breeze like a door was opened and closed and I realised
it was my skin that was hot, not the temperature of the room. My head felt like
it was clearing. Just then I moaned as I felt the prick of another needle and
the hot pain it induced radiated throughout my groin and pelvis. In moments the
heat seemed to envelop me and I lost consciousness.

I came awake slowly. At first it felt like an alarm clock in the distance that
wasnt loud enough to wake me. But in moments I was jerked fully awake as an
electric current seared through my flesh. My nipples and clit felt like they
were on fire. My chest heaved and shuddered, my breasts shifting on my chest. I
felt like I was going to pee myself, the pain was so bad.

Just when I thought it could get no worse I sensed shuffling between my
obscenely spread legs. I lifted my head again as the torso of what looked like a
doctor in a labcoat came into view. I almost didnt notice the little black box
in his hands. I saw his fingers move on the top of the box and I convulsed in
utter pain. I wondered whether unconsciousness would claim me again as my head
swam close to fainting. I threw my head back and screamed into the gag as my
body shook. It stopped just as suddenly.

I breathed hard through the gag and felt more drool drip down my chin and neck.
My whole body felt like it was blushing hotly but I was sure it was the drugs. A
thin stream of hot water suddenly splashed on the side of my face and my first
thought was that they were trying to keep me awake.

The water dripped into my mouth and I realised with a sputter of revulsion that
I was being pissed on. I threw my head to the other side to escape the stream
hitting me in the mouth and face and another stream from the other side hit me
square in the mouth as well. I gagged in the back of my throat as the bile
rumbled in my stomach. A third and fourth and fifth stream joined the others
from outside the light and I glanced down to see arcs of piss covering my body
up and down. I dropped my head back onto the table and closed my eyes in abject
humiliation and exhaustion. I was never going to escape it. With my eyes closed
they pissed onto my body and onto the gag and I swallowed everything that seeped
into my mouth. I shuddered as I registered that there were five of them. I felt
like I was falling.

The lights went out and I lay there for what seemed like hours, my body drenched
in steaming piss and sweat. I retched a number of times but managed not to throw
up. My whole body, but especially where I was clamped, ached terribly. Somehow I
was able to ignore those parts. And I noticed others. Utterly ashamed, I somehow
had the thought that my pussy was wet. I shook my head and pushed the thought
away. Finally and fitfully sleep threw its shroud over me, only to dream of
cocks and piss and pain.

I was roused by footsteps and the light turning on. I didnt know how much later
it was. I still could only see the space right around me illuminated by the
light. Everything else was still in pitch darkness. But I could hear them. I
wondered if there was five again today. I listened to the footsteps and felt
sure there were more.

I cleared my throat and was surprised to hear myself. I no longer had the gag in
my mouth. Just as I was thinking how dry my throat was, a hand holding a glass
of water entered the light beside my head. I lifted my head whispering
"thankyou", and felt a hand grip behind it. The water was tipped slowly into my
mouth. It tasted sweet and for a moment was even pleasant. Then I realised it
was probably drugged and noticed the oily texture and consistency. I tried to
stop drinking and pull away. Another hand entered the light and held my nose
closed. All I could do was drink or drown as the glass was tipped down my
throat. The hand behind my head lay me back down and my eyes blinked at the
light above me for minutes.

I couldnt get the oily feeling from my mouth no matter how hard I swallowed.
Slowly an incredibly light, stomach fluttering warmth settled over me. I almost
giggled I felt so good. My clamped genitals seemed forgotten. I smiled and
closed my eyes as fingers clad in latex gloves ran through my hair. It pulled a
little but it felt nice. I could smell baby powder. Almost imperceptibly a more
intense warmth began at my clit and nipples and radiated out. Slowly it built
until I noticed for sure this time I was becoming wet between my legs. I
blushed. I almost giggled again.

I convulsed and screamed as the current went from one to a hundred in the blink
of an eye. In another blink the same warmth was spreading through me. For a
split second I wondered if it had happened. Again my muscles seized and I
shuddered involuntarily. The pain was horrendous and I could hear myself
screaming. Once more it stopped and was replaced by the warm tingles of light
feathers playing over my clit and nipples. I could feel my wetness dripping down
my ass only to drip to the floor.

An electric motor smoothly came on and I felt my upper torso and then my head
being tilted backwards and down. Like I was laying on the side of a hill with my
feet higher than my head. Hands suddenly made for my face holding some leather
or plastic contraption. I was scared again and hopelessly tried to fight them.
Again fingers gripped my nose and I had to open my mouth to breathe. A very
strong hand with thick fingers slid over my bottom lip and teeth and pulled down
my jaw until my mouth was wide open. In pain my mouth was held open as the
contraption was fitted into it. I was more concerned with dislocating my jaw
than with what was being put in my mouth.

I definitely heard whispering and snickering followed by footsteps receding and
then returning close by to me. Suddenly I was staring into a large mirror being
held before my face by disembodied hands. At first I was shocked and barely
recognised myself. The face that looked back at me had mascara smudged and dried
in rivulets down my cheeks from my tears. My eyes had dark circles under them.
Looking down I could see the ring gag fitted between my teeth in my wide open
mouth. I wagged my pink tongue at myself. I looked like a drug addict in a
Hannibal Lecter movie. My hair was a mess, matted and stuck down to my forehead
and scalp. It was still me, strangely attractive but wild like a street person.
My mind trying to push away the reason for the ring gag. I moaned softly. The
mirror was taken away with more snickers.

I laid my head back down. In this position I felt a little nauseous: head below
feet. Again the warm current flowed through my clit and nipples and I forgot
about it. I closed my eyes to enjoy it and felt what could only be a cock begin
to rub across my face. I opened my eyes to see a mighty cock held in a man's
fist being pushed downwards toward my vulnerable, wide open mouth.

Through the ring gag it passed and over my tongue pressing against the roof of
my mouth with its firm hotness. It slid relentlessly and endlessly into my mouth
and throat. I thought "ok this is it, I am going to die." But I didnt die. I
couldnt breathe and I gagged fitfully. But in a moment its stretching length was
withdrawn long enough for me to take a breath before it plunged mercilessly into
the back of my mouth and down my throat.

Once I had slightly calmed, no doubt due to the drugs and to the slightly
increased current that blurred my brain and heightened my senses, my mind
briefly wandered. I thought about the times I had denied my ability to "deep
throat". And I wondered at how easy it was when I had no choice. None
whatsoever. My mind sparked with realisation regarding the oily concoction I was
forced to drink. Maybe that made it easier...

A grunt and a moan roused me from my reverie and I crashed back to reality with
a cock pistoning into my throat and cum bursting from the tip, coating me from
teeth to oesophagus. I struggled to swallow as I couldn't spit or do anything
else really.

The current seemed to increase, then an unholy CRACK! sounded and pain exploded
in my groin. I writhed uncontrollably as another impossibly large organ was
pushed into my mouth and straight down my throat. Hands held the side of my face
and another CRACK! sounded followed by excruciating fire shooting through me
from my groin to my brain. My moaning was muffled by the cock stretching my
neck. Again and again the pain shot through me. I dont remember when I realised
I was being whipped, but somehow the whistling of it through the air pierced my
senses.

Again the current seemed to increase and my body began to shake uncontrollably.
I wished it would stop. It was... well... close to painful, and yet is wasn't.
If only the whipping would stop I thought I could cum. God, the whipping... As I
swallowed cum and another cock pushed into my throat the whip bit into my cunt
again. I felt like I was on the edge of a cliff, my body spasming, threatening
to send me into the abyss.

Over and over the whip crashed into my exposed pussy. I had visions of it torn
and bloody. Again and again countless cocks raped my oily throat and spewed
their thick cum into me. I swallowed and swallowed. I cried and shuddered. I
spasmed and groaned. I sweated and my groin was on fire. Then the most inhuman
scream erupted from my chest as I came and the current seemed to spike.

I was held there shuddering and spasming spastically by the increased current as
pure pleasure raced through my nerve endings, side by side with unmitigated
agony. And the whipping continued relentlessly. I had never thought it was
humanly possible to go through what my body was doing to me. I came and came and
came. I moaned and gurgled with another mouthful of cum. I moaned and swallowed
again and again. My mind felt like it was hazing over as I realised I was
arching my cunt to the whip. Somewhere inside I sighed as another cock entered
my throat and blackness claimed me once again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir_Nathan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





