BDSM Library - Businesswoman Going Down




Businesswoman Going Down
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sexy hardworking businesswoman enter the wrong bar to call for a taxi after a night on the town. She enter the bar, but there is no way out again.
This is my first written story, and I hope there is someone that will like it.
If someone would like to make comments to the author you can do so by mailing me
at forfatter1@hotmail.com




Businesswoman going down


Ann was use to the fact that she had an attraction to men. Her long curly hair,
innocent sweet face. A body with results after hours and hours of training, her
long legs, firm ass and at the end her breasts. She mostly tried to hide her
38d's, but they still draw attention from the lusty stares from men. She had
even considered having her breasts reduced to make them more anonymous, but had
in the end accepted how she was brought in to this world. She was also afraid
that an operation would reduce the sensitivity her breasts had. It took only a
few stroking on her nipples before her lovehole was flowing like a river. Done
right, she could have an orgasm by only caressing her breasts.

Ann was proud of her look, but often wish that she would draw less attention to
her because of her look. She had finish off in the top three of her class in
business-school. At 25 she had got an promising job in a well recommended
company. She made well money and had a life most women would kill for. She knew
that word had got around that she didn't get that job only because of her
skills, and she hated that. She knew she was smart, and that she would have got
that job without being a "hottie" She had gently refused any offers of dating,
dinner and other social meeting with the guys from work. She thought that
meetings like that would be like gasoline on fire to her reputation.

She was late to work this day. Her taxi did broke down, and it took a while
before she got a new taxi. She walked fast down the street to her building,
ignoring guys that stopped to look at her breast jiggle under her blouse. She
was going to meet her new assistant today, and wanted to be settled at the
office before he arrived. To her disappointment she didn't make that. When she
finally arrived two persons was already in her office. One was her boss, and the
other one was most likely her new assistant. She took a cup of coffee and
entered her office. Her boss introduced them to each other. Her new assistant
was a male, 31 years old, fat and with a smile she thought she never would feel
comfortable with. She wanted to throw the coffee in his face, feeling his eyes
all over her body. Give me a week or two to fire you sorry ass she thought for
herself. She told him what she expected from his work, what she wanted him to
do, and then showed him to his place outside her office.

Two weeks later she still hadn't found any excuse to fire her new assistant. He
actually did his work well, much better then she had expected. She still hated
his openly looks at her. She could feel his look burned to her ass and her
breasts when she walked by him. One day she said to herself... one day I'm going
to kick your sorry ass far out of my sight... But this was Friday, and tonight
she could blow of some steam. Some of her old friends from school was going to
meet at a bar and have a few drinks. She hadn't had a time out on months, so she
was really looking forward to this. After work she took a taxi home, had a nice
long shower. Her breasts was washed much longer then needed, but she enjoyed the
feeling of hot water running over them while gently working her nipples. She
started working her vagina and didn't stop before her orgasm hit her. Feeling
hot from her orgasm she even put on clothes that in a sexy way showed off her
sexy body. Stockings, a skirt that went down to her knees, a blouse that showed
off some cleavage of her large firm breasts. Underneath she put on black lace
thong with a matching half sheer bra. She inspected her dressing in the mirror,
to make sure her nipples wouldn't show. Her outfit was complete with a pair of
new black 3inch heels. Maybe a little to much she said to herself, but since the
clock was working overtime she decided to go like that. A little make-up and she
were ready to rock.

The evening with old friends was great. Ann had a great time, drinking, dancing
and flirting. The alcohol made her flirt more than she had done in years. They
had ended up in a bar that wasn't quite the exclusive places she used to go, but
with her old school friends there it would be fun no matter where they was
located. In the end of the evening she almost lived on the dancefloor.  Dancing
was something she was really good at, and she enjoyed doing things she was good
at. During the dancing in the end one of her friends told her something, but she
couldn't hear what. She just smiled and waved at her, thinking she could ask her
what she wanted afterwards. When she arrived from the floor she saw that her
friends was gone.  She then knew that it was that they was trying to tell her,
that they was heading home. Warm after dancing she decided to have another drink
before getting home. But know that she was alone several of the men that had
stare at her dancing made a pass on her. She tried to let them down gently, but
soon there was a small group of men around her. She talked with them, not sure
if she liked the attention she gave. Suddenly she dropped her drink at the floor
when she felt a hand on her ass. The hand was feeling her up, and she gave him a
smack in his face, taking her purse and went away. "Come on baby, don't be shy
with us" she heard the men yelling. "come on babe, have a party with us now!"
was the last thing she heard before entering the night.

It was much colder outside now, and that made her nipples stand out. She took
out her phone to call for a taxi, but there was no battery left. She thought
about going inside the bar again to make them call a taxi for her, but she
didn't want to face the crowd of men one more time. She started walking instead.
It was only a 20 min walk before she was home anyway. After 10 minutes of
walking her feet was starting to kill her. After hours of dancing, she didn't
want to walk another step. So she went into the first bar she could find to call
for a taxi. Not a good choice she thought as she entered the bar. It was dark,
cheep with a smell of beers that hit her nose the moment she stepped in. Just a
quick call she said to herself, and I can wait outside for the taxi.

The men in the bar couldn't believe their eyes. Sometimes a fucked out old whore
went inside there, but they couldn't even remember when the last time a beauty
like this was inside their bar. She looked like she was cut out of a movie or a
fashion magazine. Ann could feel the stares at her, walking over to the bar.
"Hey hottie, you fancy for a beer??" A huge black man was staring into her eyes.
Ann gently said no thanks, I just want to loan your phone to call a taxi she
told him. "That's alright baby, but it's gonna cost yah". Ann put up her purse
to find some money to pay for the phone. "We don't take money in this bar" said
the black man. If you show us your titties im sure we can call a taxi for you.
"We haven't seen tits like that in a life time, they sure looks better then the
sagging tits on the old whore that we buy". Looking around her Anne knew she
better get out of there. There were at least 13 ugly men undressing her with
their eyes. She turned around heading for the door, but she never made it. She
heard someone saying that someone would have to close the bar so no-one could
get in or out. She panicked and screamed out that they should leave her alone.
The crowed of men was already around her, she felt hands all over her body,
under her skirt, on her ass, and two strong hands playing with her tits. STOP
she heard one man yelling out. She almost thought someone actually would rescue
her for a second. Give her some space guys, let her give us some show first. She
knew there was no rescue, it would only make this worse. Tears flew down her
face standing in the middle of a gang horny creeps. We will give you a small
choice one of the men said. Either you strip for us, or we strip you. It's your
choice of course, but if you want those clothes to be thorn away from your body
you won't have any clothes to put on when we are finish with you.


They led her over to a small stage and told her to get up and strip for them.
Music came out in the room and she just stood there with tears streaming from
her eyes. "Get her" she heard one men scream. She knew she had to do something
and started to move around with the music to prevent the men from attacking her.
At least it would buy me some time she thought. It took almost 10 minutes to get
the blouse off. She really regret the choice of bra now, knowing every men in
this bar could see right throu it and directly at her tits. She noticed flash
coming from cameras in the bar. God no she thought, please don't take pictures
of me in this state. "Move it whore!! Or we will move it for you" she heard from
the crowd. She dances the best she could, and in the end she only had her
stockings, heels and thongs still on. Cheering and nasty calls came from all the
men, more flashing from cameras as they yelled at her to loose her panties. She
stood there as a cheap whore and stripper. This is so wrong she thought, I make
more money then all of this guys together, and still I'm on this stage making a
show for them. She broke down, felled to her knees hiding her face in her hands
and cried. She begged them to let her go, offering them money, her car and her
jewelry. Two men entered the stage she was placed to strip on. One forced her up
on her feet again, the other spanking her ass telling her to put herself
together and give them the show they wanted. The pain was like shock in her
mind. No-one had ever spanked her, or laid a finger on her to harm her before.
She froze and started to move to the music again. Tears still coming from her
eyes. She was told to turn around, bend over and drop her panties. She could
have died of shame,  knowing that she would show both her anal and vaginal hole
to this guys. She felt beaten and kept following their orders in how to move and
how to pose. Several flashes from cameras that kept taking pictures of her
degrading act. She jiggled her tits for them, spread out so they could see her
well trimmed pussy. After the stripping she was ordered to serve the guys beers
only in stockings and heels. Every man felt her tits, ass and cunt. She was made
to thank them for tipping her off by feeling her up. "She is wet" she heard one
of the guys yelled out. She wasn't horny or turned on by this, but her sensitive
tits always made her juice flowing when they was felt up. She almost died of
shame. These guys really thought that she was turned on by this treatment. It
took only seconds before she was put on the stage again. One men pinching her
nipples and made her beg them to fuck her only to stop the pain in her tits. She
felt the first cock in her opening and begged him not to. She felt her nipples
thorn apart from her so she quickly added the terrible words: please fuck me,
fuck me now! And he did. The pain from her pussy shot to her mind as he took all
his cock inside her in one stroke. She know she had lost, and that she wouldn't
be able to walk out of that bar before every single man have been inside her
one, two or three times.

One guy put his cock in her face, slapping her with it until she opened up her
mouth for him. She was their whore now. Still they couldn't believe their luck
that this young beauty was there for their cocks. She almost passed out after
being fucked for hours. There was always a cock before her face or in her cunt.
After several hours they let her alone at last. With her eyes closed she still
felt flashes of pictures taken of her with cum leaking out of her mouth and her
sloppy cunt. "you're quite a little whore aren't you?" Ann could hear this was a
voice she had heard before. She opened her eyes and saw straight into the eyes
of the man that had taken pictures all night. She just froze of the sight. It
was her assistant standing with a big grin on his face. "you know Ann" he
continued. If you told me you was such a whore instead of a stuck up boss, you
could have been invited down here weeks ago. I told the guys here of my sexy
boss, but no-one did belive me. After today they sure will he said. Ann was
crying now, this was as low as she could sink. Her assistant had several rolls
of film of her stripping, posing and being fucked a countless times. He
continued; Don't you think it's fair that I also get a part of this fun?? Don't
you think it's fair that I get to fuck you too? But I want you to be more happy
for me to fuck you, after all, this pictures could easy find their way into
different mailboxes at work.... So I want you too get up on you knees and beg me
to fuck you in the ass. I made a deal with my friends here that I would wait
last in line if they saved the ass for me. Ann completely broken down, went on
her knees and put her ass up in the air and started begging her assistant to
fuck her. She felt the disgusting cock of her assistant on her anal opening
before he pushed it inside. The pain was unbelievable, she had never been fucked
up the ass before. Her tits swaying from side to side while he fucked her hard.
Soon there was hands on her tits and another cock with dried juices from her
cunt infront of her. She opened her mouth to let it in. After a long painful
fuck in her ass her assistant came shooting his loads far up her bowels. He went
up in front of her and forced his dirty cock inside her mouth to let her clean
it. And by the way he said as another one took his cock up her ass. Things are
really gonna change around the office on Monday.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master of Norway


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





