BDSM Library - Brookdale




Brookdale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The community of Brookdale is unique in so far as the normal accepted patterns of behaviour do not apply.  The town has been built up on the basis similar to that of Stepford (The Stepford Wives novel) but, whereas Stepford was very much an idea that was concealed from the outside world, Brookdale has evolved so that outsiders are also aware of the premise that applies to the community.
Brookdale

The community of Brookdale is unique in so far as the normal accepted patterns
of behaviour do not apply.  The town has been built up on the basis similar to
that of Stepford (The Stepford Wives novel) but, whereas Stepford was very much
an idea that was concealed from the outside world, Brookdale has evolved so that
outsiders are also aware of the premise that applies to the community.

Brookdale is a town where, except for certain individuals, the majority of the
women are openly subject to a regime dictated by the male population and are
required to comply obediently with any instruction issued by men or, in some
cases, of certain dominant females.  The women of the town are under the
strictest of control and are subject to physical punishment at the behest of any
male.

The degree and nature of the control will be revealed as the tale progresses.
 
James Quentin had been in correspondence via an online relationship with a woman
called Becca Wilson for a period of time and, when she expressed the wish to
explore her submissive nature in a real life situation, he suggested that they
meet at Brookdale.  Becca had agreed to the idea and he was now sat in a hotel
bedroom a short distance from the community of Brookdale, his laptop on the
table in front of him as he drafted out a set of instructions that he would
shortly transmit to Becca, so that when he arrived in Brookdale, she would be
ready to commence her real life experiences of submission to his dominant
nature.

The following details appeared upon the screen in front of him:

"Becca,
At noon tomorrow, you will meet me in the post office that I believe is situated
on the Main Street in Brookdale.  You will be dressed in a light coloured summer
type dress with a full skirt and short sleeves, the dress will have a high
collar and will fasten from hem to collar with buttons down the front.  Your
footwear will comprise white slip on shoes with a small heel.  You will be naked
under the dress, wearing no underwear of any sort. You will carry a small black
holdall, which will contain several dresses, two/three skirts that can easily be
raised above your waist, your passport, the keys to your apartment and your car.

When I enter the post office, I will expect you to recognise me from the photo
that I have sent you.  You will immediately come over and, in a voice loud
enough to be heard by any of the persons in the post office, I will expect you
to confirm your request for training from me, using a form of words that will
leave no doubt of your position.

Should you fail in any of these tasks, then I shall ignore you and simply end
the relationship."

After closing the message and sending it to Becca Wilson, James set off for his
journey to Brookdale.

Becca Wilson stared at the email from James one last time before standing and
going to her closet.  It was one day away; she had already arranged to leave her
job for an extended time. The route to Brookdale was planned, her passport was
ready and sitting next to the small black case she had bought the day before. 
Becca had always been very thorough in what ever she did.

The next morning she set out.  Inside the black case was now everything she had
been instructed to bring.  The small assortment of skirts and dresses were light
fabric and full, they would lift even if she twirled let alone if they were
lifted. Becca was rather proud of herself for her courage and it was this
feeling that kept her moving.  As she pulled into Brookdale she wore a thin
cotton dress, pale violet with pastel flowers scattered across it.  It buttoned
neatly at her throat and fully down the front to the hem, which ended at mid
calf.  She had stood for a few minutes in front of the full-length mirror in her
bedroom and admired her form before her departure.  Her nipples had been hard
from arousal and the darker tone of her nubs as well as areola was slightly
visible through the fabric.  She wore no bra or panties as instructed and the
light breeze that brushed her legs from the open window of her old car was felt
on her bare sex.

Arriving in Brookdale at 9.0am, James parked his car outside the real estate
office that he had contacted earlier in the preceding week and collected the
keys to a fully furnished property situated some five minutes walk from the Main
Street.  He sat in his car and again examined the details of the house.  It was
a two storey detached house with the normal ground floor layout of kitchen,
utility room, lounge, dining area and a bathroom, whilst upstairs was an
en-suite master bedroom and two small bedrooms.  

Driving the short distance to the house, James parked his Mercedes in the garage
and unlocked the front door.  A quick inspection of the interior revealed that
the accommodation was as described, and he carried in two suitcases from the
trunk of his car to the master bedroom, before parking it in the garage.  James
unpacked the cases, and changed into a pair of black trousers and an open neck
black shirt. He then decided to explore the full basement playroom area.

However, this was not a children's' playroom, but one fitted out in more exotic
taste.  The walls were lined with floor to ceiling closets, the mirror doors
giving an impression of even greater size.  The closets contained all manner of
implements for use in the punishment and domination of a human being, including
whips, leather crops, slim canes of willow, lengths of whalebone, wooden and
leather paddles, dildos, cattle prods, enema and surgical instruments etc.
Situated at strategic points in the ceiling and timber floor were short lengths
of chain ending in d clips, the length being controlled by remote controlled
hoists.  In addition, there was a height adjustable timber sawhorse, with a
padded leather top, a vertical square metal frame with metal rings secured at
various points around the perimeter and a trolley type metal gynaecological
table set against one of the walls.  Also set against one wall was a steel
barred cage, the size of which could be adjusted to suit any requirements by
simply moving the barred sections.

Off to the side of the basement was a fully tiled bathroom area containing a
double shower unit, a large bathtub, a toilet cubicle and a bidet all in
gleaming white enamel that sparkled in the light from the concealed lighting in
the ceiling.

Depending upon one's viewpoint, it would be better described as a dungeon,
rather than a playroom basement.  A playroom for those of a dominant nature and
a dungeon for one with a submissive outlook.  ~ But this was to be explored
later!! ~ James mused, as he walked out of the house and down the Main Street
towards the post office.  It was now just 5 minutes before noon and he wondered
if Becca Wilson had kept her assignation.

Pulling up to a parking space in front of the post office, Becca sat and took
deep breath.  She was determined to do this.  The emails exchanged had so far
been extremely exciting for her and only cemented what she wanted in her mind. 
With the final exchange there had been a surge of excitement, eagerness to live
out, what till now had been a fantasy.  Exiting the car, she locked it up and
placed the key chain, which held her apartment keys, into the black case and
headed for the entrance of the post office.

Becca milled around inside the large foyer of the outlet, trying not to seem
nervous.  A quick scan had told her that James had not yet arrived.  The words
she intended to say were running around in her head so that she would not forget
them.  They were planned with the intention to please him, to ensure he would
accept her and give her the training she desired.

As James opened the door of the post office, he heard the soft tinkle of a bell
and saw that there were two male customers in their mid-twenties browsing
through some magazines, and the woman post office clerk who looked to be in her
early fifties was sat behind the metal grille. 

The small bell over the door jingled and Becca turned quickly to look at who
ever entered.  Her heart beat quickly in her chest as she held the bag in front
of her.  The white slip on sandals she had chosen clicked loudly to her ears. 
Her long dark hair, loose, fell neatly back into place on her shoulders as her
expectant crystal blue eyes fell to the figure at the door.  ~ It's him . . . ~
She thought quickly and almost gasped.

James spotted Becca as she waited for him to acknowledge her presence, her
excited state obvious to his eyes as the thin material of her lilac dress failed
to adequately conceal the stiff nubs of her nipples.  He saw the black bag
clutched in her hands before her, as she stood with her back to a display stand
of confectionery, looking towards the door.  He saw the expectant expression,
her hair framing her face as the look of recognition appeared in her sparkling
blue eyes. 

James's thin lips pursed into a smile in a manner reminiscent of the smile on
the wolf as he greeted Red Riding Hood.  ~ So my dear, you have kept to the
arrangement and, from the looks of things, you are eager to commence ~.  With a
brief nod of his head, James waited for her to obey his instructions.

Her heart was beating hard in her chest as she saw the smile on his face.  Becca
stood a moment longer after his initial nod. She was steeling herself against
the nervous flutters, to do as instructed.  Her mouth felt dry and for a split
second her thoughts went blank.

Determination won out over the first shock of seeing him standing there waiting
for her to speak.  James looked handsome and powerful, as he was dressed, the
black shirt and pants adding to the feeling he emitted with the smile he had
given her.  Slowly, Becca stepped forward until she stood a foot or two from
Robert.

"Good day Sir.  I hope I please you with my appearance as you had instructed." 
It was off from what she had intended to say but the fact she had broken the
silence kept her lips moving, gaining volume in hopes of pleasing him.  Becca's
cheeks were already flaming as she felt eyes on her.  "I wish to serve you Sir,
in hopes that you will train me to be one who pleases as you so desire.  I am
eager to learn in your possession and offer myself as humbly as possible for
whatever you wish."  Her eyes were wide, holding his gaze until she caught
herself and lowered it while keeping her head high.  Becca was fighting to keep
control of herself, her breasts felt as if they were swelling with every breath
she took.  She had not anticipated such arousal at
uttering what had originally seemed like simple phrases, especially in front of
others.

With her gaze still lowered she darted her eyes from side to side, witnessing
the way she was being observed by the other people present.  Becca stole a
furtive glance up to the man she hoped to call Master.  "It is my deepest desire
to please you." she said, her voice softer than before but still seeming to echo
loudly in her ears around the post office.  She was looking for reward for her
efforts and quickly looked back at the floor just in front of James's feet, a
slight grin playing around her lips in anticipation.

On hearing Becca's words, James stood looking intently into her eyes and, in an
even voice that gave no hint of the import of his words, he said in a voice able
to be heard by the interested onlookers.

"I will now test whether the sentiments just expressed by your words, can be
translated into a willingness to obey every instruction to the letter and
without delay.  Becca, I wish you to clasp your hands behind your neck, making
sure that you thrust out your breasts so that all present in this store can see
your nipples pressing out
through the thin material of your dress.  You will then repeat the request that
you have just made, only this time you will say it whilst on your knees before
me.  In addition, I shall expect you to use the most graphic terminology of what
you are offering, so that
there is no doubt in your mind nor any listener's ears, that you are indeed
begging to become my slave-in-training."

James stood waiting for Becca's reaction to his demand that she debase herself
in front of complete strangers.

Becca stared at James as he gave her further instructions, her eyes widening
slightly.  At the same moment as she felt her embarrassment at just the idea
grow, she felt her arousal move to a new level.  She hesitated as her eyes once
again darted around the post office.  The looks she felt were obvious curiosity
but Becca felt it was not exactly surprised curiosity.

Swallowing hard, Becca lowered her bag to the floor and straightened as she
brought her hands to the back of her neck under her hair.  Her eyes lowered as
she brought herself carefully to her knees, closer to James's feet.  Her lips
parted slightly as she moved, her chest heaving, straining at the confines of
her dress.  The fabric rubbed at her nipples as they protruded eagerly through
the light material.  With her back arching, Becca pulled the words from her now
dry throat.

"Sir, I kneel before you with the desire to do all that you want with me and my
body . . . My need to be trained as a slave in your possession is strong. . ." 
It was hard for Becca to find graphic words to use but her eagerness to please
him was already strong and pushed her on.  "Every hole in my body waits to be
yours, to be entered and taken, used for your pleasure alone.  My throat craves
to feel the circle of your collar.  My back aches to be lashed for your
enjoyment or to feel your just punishments."  Becca's eyes stared intently at
the floor in front of James's feet.  Her voice came strong, more so than she'd
ever thought, especially with others watching.

Becca's hands remained tightly interlocked under her hair and she could feel the
heat radiating from her skin there.  Still not raising her eyes she spoke again,
only softer this time.  "I have much to learn, Sir.  But I hope you will choose
to accept my offer to serve you."  Becca only waited then, eager to hear if she
pleased him, again looking for some reward for her efforts.

James listened to Becca's litany of submissive desires from her kneeling
position and, after smiling at the other patrons of the post office, he
instructed her to rise.

"Your words expressing the wish to please me meet with my approval and I can see
from your actions that you have an inherent wish to explore the side of your
character that you have previously hidden from view."  James's eyes travelled to
where they viewed Becca's obvious excited state as evidenced by her erect nubs
pressing against the thin fabric of her dress.  ~ does she also display such
arousal in that secret place between her legs? ~ he pondered. 

"This may be a convenient opportunity for you to sign the contract that I have
prepared for you and then you may request that it be witnessed by the these kind
people."  James said, as he removed the document from the pocket of his shirt.

He handed the contract to Becca and, as he did with a wry smile crossing his
sallow features, he said.  "Oh, you may as well read the contents out to our
fellow customers and staff so that they are fully aware of what the nature of
the conditions are that you are agreeing to.  Make sure that you speak clearly
and with sincerity."

The white sheets of paper contained the following words:

'I, Becca Wilson, who will henceforth in this document be referred to as slave,
being of sound body and mind, do hereby submit my complete self to become a
slave in the full care and control of James Quentin who henceforth in this
document will be referred to as Master. 

It is accepted that I will abide by the following conditions, that may be
amended or altered at will by Master, in the full realisation that i will retain
no rights to refuse any order or instruction from Master or anyone he appoints
to act on his behalf.

CONDITIONS

1. i will serve, obey and please James Quentin whom I will always address as
Master.
2 i will always refer to myself, Becca Wilson as slave for I am nothing more
than an object, an instrument to be used by my Master for his pleasures.
3. my body and mind is the property of my Master.
4. i must be specific in my speech.
5 i will thank my Master for the discipline and punishments i receive,
specifying what i received and expressing the reason as to why i was given them.
6 my Master's desires must always be at the forefront of all my thoughts.
7 my eyes must be cast down in the presence of my Master.
8 my basic attire in private before my Master shall consist of only my collar
9 All clothing worn with permission of my Master will allow easy access to my
pussy, ass and breasts. The clothing will emphasize my assets.
10. i must remove my clothing in a way that demonstrates my complete submission
to my Master. - regardless of who may be present and despite where it is i am. 
When i remove clothing from my body it must be folded neatly.
1. It will be my responsibility to carry out all normal chores including
cooking, washing, ironing and house cleaning.
12. i want my submission to my Master to feel natural and will work towards this
end with a continued effort to enforce this growing feeling inside of me.
13. i will always be ready to please my Master.   
14. i must never reach orgasm without explicit permission from my Master.
Failure to receive properly asked for or received permission and i will endure
the punishment Master will put upon me
15. i will endure whatever pain my Master gives me when he disciplines or
punishes me so i can become a better slave for Him.
16. i am allowed to suggest ways to further my training or use of me as long as
i address my Master properly first.
17 i must always respond fully both physically and verbally to whatever my
Master does with me. Expressions are important to Him.
18. If i am wearing a dress or skirt and no panties and i am going to sit down -
i must sit on my bare skin - and do so gracefully whether i am in private or in
public.
19. i must never tighten my body when it is being whipped, caned, cropped,
slapped, paddled, belted, strapped, spanked, whipped, or anally or vaginally
used. My Master likes it when my flesh jiggles.

Signed .......................................
	Becca Wilson

Witnessed...........................................................

Witnessed............................................................'

As James stood waiting for Becca to obey his instruction and commence reading
the contract out to the gathered people, he ordered the girl to return to her
knees.

"It will reinforce your feeling of submission to me if the requirements of the
contract are read out, with your body in a position more in keeping with your
new status in life."

~ This is how to commence a relationship with a new slave, first the verbal and
mental displays of submission, and then move onto the physical and more obvious
signs of her subjugation. ~




CHAPTER TWO

Becca's thoughts when she stood as James told her to and glanced up to see his
eyes travelling over her chest then lower caused her to almost moan as she
realised that he had brought the Contract with him.  They had spoken of it
briefly in email, but only as she began to express herself more to him.  Now, as
she lowered her hands from the back of her neck she took the sheets of paper and
bit at her lip.  This was the final step; she knew it keenly and felt a surge
within her body, a mixture of fear and pure arousal in one.  The feelings fed on
each other and she glanced up at James then around at the others present, as
some stepped even closer to hear the conditions she would agree and sign to.

Becca had been unwittingly scanning the document, but pulled her eyes from it
quickly as James uttered his command to kneel again.  Without another thought
she lowered herself to her knees at his feet once more.  She felt her mind move
even more out of the fantasy she had been dreaming about for so long into the
reality of the present.

Clearing her throat, Becca began to read the contract out loud. Her voice was
steadier than she would have ever imagined and knew, then, she was making the
right (and last, free) decision. She accepted the decision completely.

The contents of the Contract as she spoke them aloud before the customers in the
post office continued to cement how deeply she wished to become a slave to
James.  She remained curious as to how her life would proceed from this point on
and began to read faster, her voice full of emotion as each condition brought
her closer to the inevitable end of the agreement and her future.

"i, Becca Wilson, who will henceforth in this document be referred to as slave,
being of sound body and mind, do hereby submit my complete self to become a
slave in the full care and control of James Quentin who henceforth in this
document will be referred to as Master.

It is accepted that i will abide by the following conditions, that may be
amended or altered at will by Master, in the full realisation that i will retain
no rights to refuse any order or instruction from Master or anyone he appoints
to act on his behalf."

Becca then repeated the exact wording of the 19 Conditions of the Slave
Contract.
Once finished, Becca nodded and looked up to James, her eyes revealing how the
Contract had affected her.

James listened to Becca's litany of submissive desires from her kneeling
position and, after smiling at the other patrons of the post office who had
watched and listened with interest her recital of the Contract terms, he
instructed her to sign the document whilst still kneeling on the hard floor
surface.

A pen appeared before her eyes, one of the male customers offering it to her. 
Her hand shook as she took it from the man, her eyes lowering properly as a
small smile played about her lips.  Leaning down to the floor, she finally
signed the contract, giving herself wholly over to her Master and handed James
the paper, which he placed in a pocket of his trousers.

"Now that the written formalities have been completed," James said,  "We will
attend to the more physical ones."  He moved over to a display stand at the rear
of the post office and began to examine several leather collars that, to a
casual observer may have looked like collars for household pets, but James knew
they were actually designed for human pets.  Taking a one inch wide plain black
leather collar from the display, James went back to the kneeling figure of Becca
and bent down and fastened it around her smooth neck, the buckle fastening at
the back and concealed by her hair.

"You may stand and accompany me to the house that I have obtained for use during
our stay." 

James opened the door and motioned Becca to precede him from the shop. Was this
an example of oldie world charm and courtesy?  NO, No.. By no means!! James
simply wished to admire the sway of Becca's hips as she walked before him along
the street, imagining those self same hips, squirming and writhing as they felt
the cut of
the cane and whip.  Such were the joys of anticipation!!!!

As James and Becca walked along the street to the house, James could not help
noticing how other residents of Brookdale reacted to the couple.  Becca, with
her nipples showing erect through her dress and displaying that ancient symbol
of slavery, a collar around her neck, whilst James, walked behind with a smile
playing about his lips as he enjoyed the sight of the good looking woman walking
in front of him.

As they neared the house, they approached another resident of Brookdale who was
walking towards them.  This was a woman in her early forties, about 5 feet 10
inches tall and about 250 lbs. Her rather weighty figure strained at the
strategic points of her bust, her waist and her hips, the long black dress she
wore. The dress was sleeveless and her flabby upper arms were apparent and
indicated a general condition of obesity.  Her features were hard and
uncompromising, and her black hair mirrored the deep black of her eyes, as she
carefully examined Becca.

"I shall look forward to seeing more of this fine young thing, when she has
become more accustomed to the ways and customs of Brookdale."

The woman addressed James, who was somewhat taken aback by her rather direct
manner.  He then realised that she was one of the ladies from the real estate
office from where he had rented the house. Obviously she was aware of the
facilities of the basement playroom, and therefore realised that the girl
accompanying James would soon be making a more intimate acquaintance with those
same facilities.

James laughed as he recovered his composure.  "Yes, why yes she will soon become
well used to the particular idiosyncrasies of the community of Brookdale. 
Perhaps in a week or two, after we have settled in, you may care to visit me
when you can see for yourself how my new slave, Becca has settled."  

"I will look forward to that visit with pleasure," replied the woman.  "And I
trust that she will appreciate that the pain that now awaits her is simply a
tool that will be used to allow her to take her rightful place in the
community."  The woman walked on, leaving James and Becca to continue their
short journey to the outskirts of the town.

This brief encounter served to indicate to Becca, however briefly, the unique
nature of the township of Brookdale. She would soon discover that the local
byelaws of the community of Brookdale were completely different to any that she
had ever encountered.  As she would soon realise, Domination and submission were
the two principles by which the town operated.

Watching Becca's reaction to his conversation with the woman from the real
estate office, and her obvious signs of consternation at the content of the
discussion, James was delighted to see the effect of the words on her psyche and
the sway of her hips as she continued to the environs of the house.

When the couple arrived at the house, James opened the front door but, before
Becca could make any attempt to enter, James gave her further instructions.

"Before you enter the house, and at all times in the future, you will strip
completely naked and you will never cross the threshold clothed or standing, but
you will always make sure that you enter on your knees, naked for all to see. 
On entering you may rise, but you will remain naked whilst in the house, unless
I require you to wear certain apparel, in which case you will instructed
accordingly." 

James was most exact in his preliminary orders, as he did not wish Becca to be
in any doubt regarding the strict regime to which her life would now be
subjected.  ~ Submission she craved and submission would be ensured. ~

"You may now proceed."  James said as he stood to one side to wait while Becca
obeyed his instruction.

"Yes Master, I understand," she replied quickly and darted her eyes towards the
street for any sign of neighbours. 

Placing her bag on the ground, Becca lifted her hands to the buttons at her
throat, unfastening them.  Her fingers shook, making the endeavour more
difficult than it should have been but Becca was smiling slightly.  Her eyes
remained lowered as she did as he instructed, despite the smile her expression
was decidedly nervous.

Becca revealed her body slowly as she unfastened her dress to the hem.  She
paused for a moment and glanced up at James, before finally slipping the light
fabric off of her shoulders and collecting it in her hands. 

James noticed Becca's initial glance around on hearing his order to strip naked
and he made a mental note concerning the brief delay.  "That will require some
penalty later." James mused.

Becca stood for a moment before him. Naked apart from her collar for the first
time in front of him, she was in total awe of James, the way he spoke, and the
thoroughness of the contract she had signed.  "So many rules, so much to
remember." She thought in the moment she took to catch her breath.  Becca could
only imagine what it would be like as his slave, the taste she had so far was
just that, a taste.

Lowering herself to her knees, Becca took her bag and dress then carefully made
her way over the threshold and into her new home. Once inside she laid her bag
down with her dress on top, but remained on her knees.  The blush that had
covered her cheeks was clearly visible flushing her throat and upper chest; it
revealed more of her mood than embarrassment alone.  To show her eagerness to
please him, Becca clasped her hands behind her neck, thrusting her chest forward
as she waited for him to follow her inside.

As Becca removed her clothing, James noted the nervousness that showed as she
fumbled with the buttons of her dress, but slowly the dress parted allowing
James very brief glimpses. The inner slopes of her breasts, the slightly convex
shape of her lower belly and the soft swell of her pubic mound with its
covering, concealing the core of Becca's being. He allowed his eyes to express
his delight, as he watched her quietly remove the dress revealing her naked
flesh for his gaze, and he took in the soft sweet shape of her body, as she
stood naked and available before his tall, well-built figure.

As Becca dropped to her knees to cross the threshold of the house and then
remained kneeling, her breasts thrusting due to the positioning of her hands
behind her neck, James was aware that she was voluntarily displaying herself to
him in the accepted manner of a slave.  He saw her blushes as a sign of her
discomfort, not realising that her reaction maybe one of anticipation.

James quietly contemplated the pleasure that he would extract from her decent
into total submission to his requirements. The woman seemed to be excited by the
events and her forthcoming trials.

 "Stand, slave."  James ordered.  He gazed down at her fair cheeks that were
suffused with her blushes and into her almond shaped blue eyes and, reached out
to cup Becca's right breast globe in his left hand and kneaded the soft mound
with his strong fingers, eventually taking a grip of the stiff nubbin of her
nipple between his thumb and index finger.  Squeezing tightly, James pulled the
breast towards him and upwards, and he watched as the pain of the pressure on
her nipple caused Becca's mouth to open slightly as a low moan escaped her lips.

Becca met James's eyes as ordered, blushing brighter and fighting a shy smile as
he bent down.  A wave of desire swept through her as his hand took her breast. 
A soft moan purred from her lips as she thrust her chest towards his touch more. 
Her
senses became focused as James's strong finger and thumb closed down, vice like
in her mind, on her erect nipple.  It was a bright sting that only worsened as
his lifted the weight of her breast.  Becca bit her bottom lip hard to hold in
the sound of complaint she almost made. 

Still gripping her nipple, James's right hand moved to caress the displayed
nakedness of Becca's torso from the side of her chest, down along the soft curve
of her waist until his fingers spread to take a firm hold of the under-slope of
her left buttock cheek, revelling in the feeling of the power to subject the
nude girl displayed before him to his dominant desires.

Becca's eyes closed and she tried to turn her attention to the feeling of his
other hand as it trailed down her side.  His hand took hold of her backside and
again she felt the strength within him.  Becca could keep silent no more, as a
gentle series of nervous whimpers escaped her as she took in the scope of his
presence and contact.  Her eyes remained closed, a slight frown on her face as
she dealt with the light stinging mingled with her excitement.  None of her few
and far between
boyfriends had ever brought out so many different feelings as James had been
able to with only these few touches.

"I wish to see more of my new slave in all her nude glory." James said.  "Turn
around and let me see if the rear view is equally as exciting as the front."

"Yes Master."  she gasped as he spoke.  Her nipple still stung slightly, as she
looked up into his gaze.  Becca held her hands at the back of her neck, finding
it a convenience as otherwise she wouldn't have known what to do with her hands. 
Her chest rose and fell more quickly as the sensations left behind from his
hands continued through her.

Becca was more than aware of her nudity as her bare feet pivoted on the floor to
turn her body.  She could feel the imprint of his fingers left behind on her
backside.  Her nipple throbbed and vaguely she wondered just how much James
enjoyed giving the pain he and the woman on the street had spoken of.  Now as
she stood with her back to him, she felt the almost comforting touch of the
collar under her fingers as she remained still for his examination. 

"I am a slave, I have done this willingly and my choices are not mine to make
anymore." She thought with short sigh. 

Still she was nervous, the knowledge of her new status did not take that away. 
Becca had concerns that she would not satisfy her Master, that she would not be
able to continue, once her real training began.  The fears compounded in her
mind and reflected in her face, while her back was to him.

Becca had read many things on the Internet of women, and men alike, who had
given up absolute control to their Master or Mistress.  She had just done the
same.  Still there was hesitation even with her desire and quickly moistening
sex.  All she had read had been in theory in her mind and though it strengthened
her resolve for what she had decided, Becca was still unsure.  "How long will .
. .?"  she began but trailed out as her voice failed.  He had already said "a
week or two . . ." to the woman on the street, but Becca knew that was for her
initial adjustment to her new life.  That thought summed it up: 'new life.'  
The contract had not mentioned any time limit, but only spoke in absolute terms
of how she was to be under his control.

"Master, do I please you so far?"  She finally asked softly, in need of some
sort of reassurance from James that she was doing well.

Ignoring the woman's entreaty, James examined the smooth flesh of Becca's back
and buttocks presented before his eyes. He decided that this was an ideal time
to acquaint her with some initial early requirements concerning positions she
would be expected to adopt in the future. 

"Turn around and listen to my instructions.  When you hear the word `present 1'
you will stand, hands clasped at the nape of your neck elbows well back so that
those sweet tits are thrust forwards.  Your feet will be 18 inches apart,
allowing easy access to your cunt.

For `present 2' you will maintain the spread stance, but this time your fingers
will hold the lips of your sex wide, so that the inner lips are well exposed.
`Present 3' will require you to bend forward at the waist and, this time use
your fingers to pull apart your buttocks to expose your anus."  

After a short pause to allow these words to sink in, James continued.  "There
will be many other positions that you need to memorise, but one that comes to
mind is the one you will learn to adopt in response to the words `display 1'. 
This will require you to kneel upright, with your knees 12 inches apart,
buttocks raised 3 inches above your heels, hands clasped as for the `present 1'
position. Use of `display 2' will expect to find you kneeling as before, but
your fingers again holding your cunt lips wide.  Use of the instruction `display
3' will demand that you bend forward so that your forehead touches the ground
and then, using your fingers, to pull open the cheeks of your bottom to expose
your anal opening."

James watched Becca carefully, as he waited to see if there was any reaction to
the words that were instructing her to show her body in such demeaning and
obscene poses.

Becca turned one her feet again to face James and looked up into his eyes as he
spoke.  As he described the first position, Becca straightened her back and
pushed her elbows back.  A light smile curled about her lips as his words
indicated to her that he liked her breasts.  She positioned her feet apart more
and continued listening.  Silently she was wishing that as time passed she would
stop being so affected by her position.  She
could feel the blush still burning her cheeks.  Then as he described how she
would spread herself, Becca could not help but lower her eyes shyly.

Becca was imagining herself taking the positions James described and could not
look up at him anymore.  She was unconsciously chewing on her bottom lip.  She
didn't know how she would be able to bring herself to spread her most private
openings for display of any kind.  Keeping her legs spread was one thing; she
was already doing it willingly without instruction.

"Many other positions." She thought and again wondered how well she would do
under his control.  Yet it was all-thrilling, her heart pounded in her chest as
her imagination began to hypothesize what positions she would be made to take.
Then there were the possible positions of her body while bound. Becca was
growing more excited as her nervousness grew.  Her mind worked quickly and the
small smile returned.

"Master, do I please you?"  She asked again more softly than before, glancing up
and looking into his eyes again.  Her voice had changed, growing husky.  Becca
attempted to clear her throat.  "What will it be like, to be a slave?      . .
." She asked. "Why does a slave have to take positions like these?"  There were
many questions circling in her mind but for the moment it was only these that
she posed.

Listening to Becca's nervous voice requesting reassurance that her Master found
her naked body pleasing to his eye, James did not reply at once but allowed a
short period to elapse. 

The revealing photos that Becca had sent him via the Internet had demonstrated
that Becca was the possessor of an excellent figure, surmounted by a pretty
face.  James welcomed the fact that she was a relatively tall individual, at 5
feet 9 inches weighing some 130lbs.

Becca's chestnut brown hair rested soft curls on her smooth white shoulders and
framed a fair complexion complemented by bright blue eyes with a slightly snub
nose above full lips.  She had a slim-waist at 26 inches, with long legs
supporting her 35-inch hips.  Her breasts were well shaped, the nipples
upstanding and James was happy to see that she had told the truth when she had
described herself as a size 37b bra, although she would not be wearing one of
these very often.

"Maybe, she'll think that I am having second thoughts about undertaking her
training."  He thought, delighted in the idea of playing with Becca's emotions
as much as he looked forward to playing with her body.

The short period of silence from her Master felt like an eternity to Becca.  Her
chest heaved as a twinge of fear that he would not like her entered her mind. 
Then his voice, rich and smooth filled her ears. 

"In answer to your first question, girl," replied James.  "I consider the nude
canvass placed before me to be most acceptable and very adequate for my purpose. 
It remains to be discovered if the beauty displayed, is complimented by a
willingness to learn and obey, without question, the orders of a Master."

At this juncture, James reached out and softly traced the fingers of his right
hand down the smooth surface of Becca's flushed left cheek, his light touch
moving down to her neck, pausing to rest against the blushing skin and to feel
the pulse of her beating heart.

Becca smiled shyly and lowered her eyes again as his hand rose to touch her
cheek.  The fingers left an electric tingling in their wake; Becca was almost
breathless by the time they came to rest on her neck.  Her heart was beating
quickly with her excitement from these additional touches from James's hand. 

"As for your other questions, you have already commenced the journey of
discovery of what it will be like to be a slave.  The fact that you have openly
and without duress, signed the contract in front of witnesses, has demonstrated
your desire to undertake the voyage of submission.  The Contract contained many
Conditions and the following days, weeks and even years will reveal the full
import of what being a slave will entail.  You will be subject to many rituals
and regimes that will force your mind, as well as your body to accept and
understand the true nature of slavery."  

"Thank you Master."  She said, attempting to strength her voice.

Removing his hand from Becca's neck, James stepped back slightly and, watched to
see any reaction from her downcast expression.

It was true, the journey was commenced, but Becca felt it had really been begun
upon her agreement to come to Brookdale.  The signing had only made it official. 
In her mind, Becca recalled as many of the conditions described in the Contract. 
She was
ready to be moulded by James into the slave he desired, eager to please but so
afraid she would fail him.

James continued.  "The positions that you will be instructed to adopt are to
assist your acceptance that, as a slave, you are permitted no opportunity of
refusal or disobedience for that will surely lead to severe and painful
punishment.  You may, at this stage, consider the positions that I have already
acquainted you with to be embarrassing and humiliating.

How would you react to be ordered to use your fingers to masturbate in front of
a room full of people and, on completion of your orgasm be required to lick
clean your fingers?  This will be an act that you will be expected to undertake
without delay, if so instructed.  In addition to obeying the instructions of 
`present' and `display' you will be expected to express, in your own words, what
you are offering to your Master or anyone else that is present."  James
instructed Becca.

"As a rehearsal of my requirements, I now order you to `present' in positions
1,2 & 3 and to `display' in positions 1,2 & 3, and to make sure that you provide
a vocal explanation of the offerings."  James ordered.




CHAPTER THREE

The positions she had already heard about were embarrassing, but the idea of
ever being ordered to masturbate in front of others was mortifying.  It only
reminded her that there were no doubt many things that James would demand that
will humiliate her and remind her of her lower position.  Becca's eyes were
wide, her mouth dropping open slightly showing her shock at doing such a thing. 
Quickly she closed her lips, as she did not want to appear doubtful of what she
herself had been seeking.  Becca fought to keep her eyes lowered, as she was
required to.

When she heard the further instructions from James, Becca responded.

"Yes Master, understood."  Becca swallowed hard and straightened her body where
she stood.  Her back arched a little more as she pushed her elbows back, out far
on either side of her head. 

"Your slave presents her body for your pleasure Master."  She murmured, hoping
she understood one of the conditions she could remember from the Contract
correctly. Before any more hesitation, Becca unclasped her hands and reached
between her legs, spreading her glistening labia apart. The wetness was obvious,
and she knew James would see just how aroused she was already.  "Your slave
presents her sex to you Master, for your pleasure."

Becca kept her eyes lowered, it was easier to keep moving that way and she
succeeded in turning her back to his gaze.  Bending forward, her legs still
spread, Becca reached behind her and spread her buttocks to expose the tiny
rosebud nestled between her cheeks.  Her voice shook more as she made her
declaration.

"Your slave presents her ass for you Master."  Before she straightened and
turned back to face him.  Her lips were parted slightly now as she enjoyed the
way she felt as she assumed the ordered positions.

Kneeling now, Becca sighed a silent moan and spread her knees to what appeared
about a foot apart, her hands returning to the back of her neck.  Her legs
trembled to hold her bottom up above her heels, but she had no idea how high she
held it.  Again her chest was pushed forward, her nipples almost painfully hard
now. 

"Your slave displays her body for you Master."  It was coming easier for her
now, every move more fluid as she lowered her hands to spread her sex wide
again.  Becca did not attempt to stop the soft moan that now escaped her lips as
she felt the hot wetness again.  "Your slave displays her sex for you Master." 
She murmured.

Showing her eagerness, Becca almost rushed to turn on her knees away from James,
before leaning her head down to the floor.  Her hands reach behind her again and
grasp her cheeks to spread and reveal her anus once more.  "Your slave displays
her ass for you Master."  Her eyes were closed behind the cloak of her hair, her
words moaned out.

The order completed, Becca rose to kneeling again and turned back to James. 
Facing him, she clasped her hands to the back of her neck and looked up at her
Master.  Her expression expectant and curious as to what he would order next and
seeking any
indication as to whether or not she had done the positions properly.

James watched Becca `present' and `display' as he had ordered with a tremendous
feeling of pleasure coursing through his veins.  To see and hear a naked woman
offer him her intimate charms for his indulgence gave him a unique status.  He
saw how she made sure that her elbows pushed back forcing her breasts upwards,
the nubs hard and stiff as if begging to be caressed; the willingness she showed
in pulling her sex lips apart, displaying the slickness within; the neat brown
indent of her ass as she pulled wide her buttocks.  These actions all
demonstrated obedience to his wishes that he had scarcely expected at such an
early stage.

Becca's complete compliance with James's orders produced a feeling of pleasant
anticipation of the future course of his developing relationship with her. 

~ As in the in the words of the song from the musical My Fair Lady, `I think
she's got it.'  However, it would not be wise at this stage to reveal his
thoughts to the girl. ~

With a slight nod, James indicated to Becca that her efforts were acceptable.

"You appear to be able to obey the simple orders and that bodes well for your
future training.  However, I would remind you that you are still at an early
stage of your submission, and tasks will become much more demanding on your
senses and emotions, as your period of learning grows."  James informed the
kneeling girl.

"Stand."  James instructed Becca.  "Follow me, whilst I will give you a brief
tour of the house and acquaint you with the various facilities.  However, before
we progress, these need to be fitted on your wrists and ankles." He showed Becca
a set of four leather bracelets, about 3 inches wide with a number of steel
rings set in the soft leather surface.

Becca was near breathless by the time she saw the nod, as slight as it was.  Her
heart soared as his initial words gave her confidence she had please him. 
"Thank you Master.  Understood." she murmured and lowered her eyes.  Becca tried
again to imagine just what her training would entail.

Becca stood as instructed, keeping her hands clasped to the back of her neck. 
She swallowed hard as she saw James with the leather bracelets and stood for a
moment, looking at them in his hands. The leather was soft and supple, but
strong.  The rings were cold and hard. 

"Lower your hands, girl." James ordered and as Becca obeyed, he fastened the
bracelets to her slim wrists.  James then instructed Becca to lie on her back on
the floor, her legs raised with knees parted, so that he could fit the ankle
restraints.

Becca obeyed and felt the cold hard floor surface on her buttocks and back as
she raised and spread her legs, revealing that most intimate of nooks that was
now available at all times for any use that James desired.  Motioning Becca to
rise, James then led the way into the kitchen and showed Becca the fully stocked
freezer and fridge and the adequately filled cupboards.  He then proceeded to
move upstairs to enable Becca to see the master bedroom.

"This is where I, as your Master will normally sleep and I may, on occasions
allow you to keep me warm in the bed.  However, you will normally be kept in a
place that is far less comfortable to these surroundings and, as I take you to
see it, you should remember that you will be called upon many times to make the
journey to and fro between here and your own place of rest."  James removed the
signed Contract from his pocket and deposited it in a safe set into the floor of
one of the bedroom closets.

Becca had observed the house carefully as he led her through, taking in the
layout as much as the luxury of the furnishings.  The master bedroom and large
bed was looked upon with eager eyes, then with disappointment as James informed
her she would not be spending as much time as she first thought with him in his
room.

James then moved back down to the ground floor and thence into the basement
playroom. Becca remained silent as he led her back down the stairs then deeper
to the basement and "her" area of the house.

He showed Becca the walls that were lined with floor to ceiling closets, the
mirror doors giving access to all manner of implements for use in the punishment
and domination of a human being, including whips, leather crops, slim canes of
willow, lengths of whalebone, wooden and leather paddles, metal clamps, dildos,
cattle prods, enema and surgical instruments etc.

James demonstrated to Becca short lengths of chain ending in 'd' clips, the
length being controlled by remote controlled hoists, the height adjustable
timber sawhorse, a whipping block with a padded leather top and a vertical
square metal frame with metal rings secured at various points around the
perimeter, whilst a trolley type metal gynaecological table was set against one
of the walls alongside a metal framed torture rack. 

"This will be your new home and the place in which you will spend many hours as
your training is undertaken.  I was going to say `many happy hours' but that
will be reserved for me, your Master.  You, on the other-hand, may find that the
hours you spend down here will not be so happy!!!"  James allowed himself to
laugh at his cynical humour.

Her blue eyes widened as she took in the playroom.  Her naked form reflected
back everywhere she turned.  For the first time, Becca saw herself wearing her
collar and now the leather cuffs.  As if she could not turn away, she found
herself gazing at the assorted implements of pain and pleasure James showed her. 
Her fascination as well as fear grew with every object she saw.

Once he spoke of her "new home", Becca looked to him with her continuing wide
gaze.  The words and finally his laugh sent a chill up her spine and, for the
first time since meeting James online, she truly hesitated.  The Conditions of
the Contract she had signed came back to her, completely as she stood, trembling
slight.  Her body like an over-charged battery, throbbing for a release of pent
of electricity.  One Condition stood out more than the others at the moment: my
body and mind is the property of my Master.  To Becca that meant her hesitance
was fruitless, she had agreed to every Condition willingly, eagerly even.  In
the face of his cynical remarks, this point was proven.  She was his to do with
as he saw fit.

Instructing Becca to adopt 'Present 1' position, James walked over to a table on
which was placed a metal tray and a previously prepared hypodermic syringe.  The
moment the instruction came, Becca quickly clasped her hands to the back of her
neck and spread her feet apart.  Her chest was thrust out as she arched her
back, again wincing for the pain caused by tensing her muscles.

Returning to where Becca was waiting, James swabbed the side of her left buttock
with an antiseptic wipe and inserted the needle injecting her with the content
of the syringe. 

Becca watched James as he walked to the table then gasped as he returned with
the syringe.  Becca didn't know what to do and was concerned as to why he would
inject her with something.  There was no chance for her to ask her Master any
questions, he spoke and she knew to remain silent.

As he was carrying out the procedure, James proceeded to explain to Becca the
nature of the injection.

"The content of the syringe is a chemical formula that has been designed
specifically for use with slaves.  It restricts their actions so that, whilst
they may want to cause their Masters and trainers harm, their bodies would not
be able to comply with their wishes.  In addition, it increases the slave's pain
limit and stamina but more importantly, it enables the body to recover quickly,
so much so that a recovery period of one hour is the equivalent of 96 normal
hours.  So you will see that a Master may enjoy slicing a whip across a slave's
flesh, with the knowledge that she will recover very quickly and be available
again for more torments."

Without waiting for the import of his words to be appreciated by Becca, James
continued.  "You will find that after a short rest, your flesh recovers so that
no marks will mar the whiteness of your skin and I will be able to give you
another caning of equal severity."

The injection was quick and painless.  It distracted her from some of what James
told her but only slightly.  The contents of the needle were a surprise to
Becca.  Sort of shocking her into awed silence

James continued.  "I find that when I am training a slave, I prefer to do so
unencumbered with clothing and you may now undress me so that we may proceed
with your training. He stood close before the naked figure of Becca, waiting for
her to obey.

"You will commence the task, whilst kneeling and you may start by removing my
shoes, followed by trousers and under shorts and then the shirt."  James
instructed Becca.

Becca's chest heaved fully, repeatedly as he instructed her further.  On one
hand she was absolutely terrified of just what would come of her as she was
trained as his slave.  On the other she was fully aroused at the entire concept. 
No more would she
have to make choices unless her Master gave them to her.  It enabled her to
revel in the frightened excitement, her eyes closing part way finally as she
once more lowered her eyes as he stood bare inches from her.  Vaguely she
wondered if he could feel the heat of her continuing blush, it felt, to her,
that it covered her body now and she glanced to one of the mirrors to see if she
was glowing.

"Yes Master, your slave is honoured to undress you."  Becca could scarcely
believe the words were her own.  But it was the truth; she wished to see his
body.  The clothes he still wore moulded his form pleasantly; her eyes were
already imagining the skin and muscles beneath.  Almost gingerly, Becca lowered
herself to her knees before James and began to remove his shoes and socks.  On a
whim and full of the same nervous pleasure, she bent low and kissed the top of
each of his now bare feet.

Now, sitting back on her knees, she reached and with shaking fingers unfastened
his trousers.  As Becca slid the zipper down she knowingly traced her fingers
over his still concealed manhood, almost moaning as she breathed, then slipped
the pants off of his hips.  She was face-to-face with his groin and felt,
keenly, the proximity to the power beneath the thin material remaining.  Her
eyes did not turn away from the bulge as she laid his pants carefully folded to
one side. She hooked her fingers in the waistband of his under pants and slowly
pulled them down.  She only stared for a moment, her hands repeating the same
gesture of dropping his underwear to one side on his trousers.

Kneeling up high on her knees, Becca reached up and unbuttoned his black top and
pushed it back off his shoulders.  As she did so, the tips of her breasts
brushed lightly against the hair of his thighs, the nipples stiffening at the
stimulation. Her fingertips trailed over his skin, enjoying these first contacts
she was allowed to receive.  The shirt was added to the pile beside James's
feet.

Becca then sat back on her heels and laid her hand on her thighs.  This time she
did not look up into James's face, only kept her eyes lowered.  Her heart was
beating just as quickly as ever as she awaited the beginning of her training. 
The mixture of feelings played over her face and unconsciously she began to
wring her hands.

James enjoyed the feel of Becca's soft fingers on his body as she removed his
clothing and the frisson of excitement that travelled from his skin to his brain
as he felt her breast nubs graze his thighs increased the anticipation of future
actions. After Becca had completed her task of undressing him, James stood naked
and unashamed, his broad shoulders, deep chest, slim waist and muscular thighs
displaying the evidence of a man who kept himself in good physical shape.

James was aware that Becca was somewhat inexperienced in her relationships, a
fact that she had disclosed to him during their on-line correspondence and he
had initially thought that it would be sometime later that he would issue his
next instruction.

However, James observed her action of wringing her hands and this appeared to
express an anxiety in her manner that he felt must be eradicated before too
long.

~ She must learn to welcome my orders and obey them in a way that demonstrates
her complete and utter devotion to my desires ~

"You appear somewhat anxious about your future role in our relationship, girl." 
James commented to the kneeling Becca.  "Does the simple task of undressing your
Master cause problems?  If so, then my future instructions will undoubtedly
create additional burdens on your submission."

~ A pity, for she has coped fairly well up to now, demonstrating her willingness
in front of strangers.  Still, let us see how she responds to the next step. ~

Becca looked up quickly then down at her hands and in a hurry put them up behind
her neck to keep from displaying the nervous habit any longer.  "It is so new,
that's all, Master.  I suppose I didn't think things would happen so quickly." 
She murmured.  Becca wasn't quite sure how to express what she was thinking, but
she felt it would be a challenge to learn what was required as orders were
given. 

"What did her future hold?"  Becca again recalled the words of instruction given
by James in the post office in front of all those customers, and also the
comments of the woman they met in the street.  Her original hope, that this
journey of submission into slavery with James would be a private and intimate
exploration, seemed to be dashed by his open display of her inner desires in
front of strangers.  She was to discover that this was only a prelude to what
was in store for her, as she was trained in the ways of Brookdale.




CHAPTER FOUR

"I am aware that you will find the change in your status in life strange and
somewhat disconcerting as you try to adjust to the various regimes that I will
introduce into our relationship."  James informed Becca.  "However, adjust you
will.  It will be expected by your Master that you will soon be able to immerse
yourself in the lifestyle that you have sought."

With a hard swallow, Becca nodded slightly to what James informed her. His words
were absolute with their meaning.  Translated, only slightly in her mind, they
enforced the terms of the contract; become a properly behaved slave with only
thoughts of pleasing those above her level of status or suffer the consequences. 
All told, Becca knew she had agreed and now had no choice but to conform to her
Master's wishes, whatever they may be.  All of this she absorbed without further
reaction but a slight widening of her eyes.

James bent forward and, cupping both of Becca's breasts in his hands, began to
knead and squeeze them, drawing his fingers towards the stiff nipples and
flicking the hard nubs with the tips of his fingernails, taking delight in
watching the marks of his efforts displayed on the ultra smooth surface of her
mounds.

Indicating that Becca should return to her kneeling position, a situation in
which her eyes were inevitably drawn towards the sight of his member resting
between his sturdy thighs, partly concealing the dependant sac of his balls. The
anticipation in his veins of his next set of instructions had caused the
inevitable reaction and his quiescent cock began to stiffen and swell as it
became engorged with his passion.

James decided to have her pay homage to him in a most intimate manner and said.
"I wish you now to demonstrate to me that you will submit yourself, body and
mind to the satisfaction of my pleasures.  You will take hold of the shaft and
you will kiss and lick the length from root to tip, making sure that as you lick
the tip, you must use your tongue to gather and swallow any liquids that it
discovers. Subject to the satisfactory completion of this requirement, you will
take it between your lips so that you can suck gently upon its rigidity and see
if you are able to extract the essence of my pleasure."

Oddly, Becca felt it almost calming once James took her breasts in his hands. 
It allowed her mind to be drawn to something other than the situation. 
Something that brought her pleasure as the soft mounds were kneaded firmly.  Her
back arched to push her chest towards his touch as she felt his fingernails on
the sensitive nubs.  Her lips parted as small gasps popped from her chest with
each flick.

James smiled as he observed Becca's reaction to the stimulation of her breasts
and nipples. ~ Is she is attempting to gain her own modicum of pleasure from my
attention, or could it be that she wishes only to enhance my enjoyment? ~

Becca sighed pleasantly as she lowered herself at his indication and found her
locked to his growing erection.  ~ He is pleased. ~ She thought and watched his
manhood directly in front of her while she listened to James's next
instructions.  Becca looked up into James's face, not hiding her feelings at
all.  Her eyes were bright and showed her eagerness to please him.  The idea of
bringing him to orgasm, pleasing him ultimately in that way brought a shy smile
to her face.  But the confidence was not visible.  Her last attempt to orally
please a man had ended badly and it weighed on her mind as her eyes returned to
his member.

"Yes Master."  she whispered and lifted her hands from the back of her neck. 
Gently Becca touched her hands to James's thighs, laying them flat as she slid
them along towards his centre.  She was chewing on her bottom lip again as her
fingers stroked lightly around the base of his shaft.

Her actions showed hesitance but it did not last long; Becca knew what she was
to do and knew full well delays were frowned upon.  Her light touch fell to his
length now and she leaned forward, tilting her head.  Beginning at the base,
Becca trailed her tongue first along the underside to the tip.  Her wet stroke
leaving a faint trail of saliva drying on the silky skin.  Once at the head, she
closed her eyes while darting the tip of her tongue to the small opening.  There
was a tiny drop of juice waiting for her that she took onto her tongue.  Becca
kept her eyes closed to hide her reaction; the taste of a man's cum was not her
favourite.  Then, tilting her head the other way she licked up his length again
from the base this time over the top, again she darted the tip into the tiny
hole and tasted the fluid ever so slowly trickling as his erection strengthened.

James received the attentions of Becca's tongue, revelling in the sensation of
her light touch and the coolness of the quickly drying saliva on his ever so
sensitive skin. ~ She is learning well ~.  James enjoyed the light touch of her
lips and the soft swipes as her hot tongue travelled up and down his hardening
shaft and licked at the super-sensitive tip, gathering the small signs of the
liquid evidence of his lust.

Holding James gently still, Becca repeated this task a couple more times,
enjoying the softness of his skin, before she placed a kiss to the head.  Her
lips lingered as she attempted to steel herself for the full penetration of her
mouth.  Becca slowly parted her lips and leaned forward again, already sucking
slightly as she pulled him into her warm mouth.  Though concerned her lack of
experience would show, she was desperate to please her Master.  Forming a seal
with her lips she continued to take more of his length into her mouth until she
felt she could handle no more.  Slowly she pulled back, sucking more as she did.
Inside her mouth her tongue rippled slightly along the underside. One of her
hands returned to lay upon his thigh to brace herself, the other remained
lightly around the base of his cock.

Becca continued in this fashion, her pace increasing slightly as she got used to
the feeling of him filling her mouth.  She was beginning to enjoy herself more
as she glanced sideways while barely opening her eyes.  She could see herself
reflected in one of the mirrored closet doors and found the image of herself on
her knees before him to be very erotic, almost stimulating to her mind out of
the nervousness she had been feeling and into the powerful arousal she had felt
before.

James sighed as he felt his rigid member engulfed by the warm wetness of Becca's
mouth, her oral administrations as her tongue slid along his cock were making
his rock hard, but sensitive penis twitch and jerk.

As she continued, Becca began to enjoy the feeling of her Master's cock in her
mouth more and more.  His varied sounds and instructions let her know she was
doing well.  She followed what he directed and praised as best she could,
sliding her tongue over him with each intake to offer him as much pleasure as
she could.  At his further instruction, Becca strengthened her pull, tightening
her moist lips about his erection, and gaining confidence in her abilities.

"That's it, yes, use your tongue to caress the length of your Master."  James
instructed the kneeling figure.  "Now, make sure that you keep your lips tight
about the shaft." 

Feeling the pace of Becca's mouth increasing, James took control of her actions
and, gripping hanks of Becca's shoulder length brown hair in his hands, he began
to ease her head backwards and forwards, thrusting with his hips on the forward
strokes, so that the tip of his cock touched against the back of her throat.

Her movements were suddenly restricted as he took hold of her hair.  Becca made
a soft noise, akin to a whimper as he pulled himself deeper into her mouth. 
James pushed himself deeper than she had taken him before, setting off her gag
reflex.  Becca adjusted both of her hands to now grip onto his lower hips as her
throat revolted against the intrusion, her jaws spreading wider to accommodate
his girth. She clung on to self-control and somehow kept herself from struggling
in his grip.  It took a few thrusts for her to adjust to the deeper strokes but
she managed, her eyes watering with the sensation of his cock head tickling the
back of her throat, but finally growing accustomed to what he desired despite
her discomfort.

"Now use the tip of your tongue, lick it round the bulbous bit...ah yes that's
the way, very good."  He felt the probing the tip of her tongue pressing into
the vent at the end.  He kept pulling Becca's head back holding firmly by her
hair giving her no excuse to give up. "Good really long sucks, good girl, that's
a good girl...ah...yes!!"

Now that she had released herself to his current control of any actions she
might take, Becca only did as he instructed, revelling in his praise of her
efforts.  Her tongue twined itself about his cock and it's head.  She worked her
mind to deal with the taste of his pre-cum still dribbling ever so slowly across
her taste buds.  ~ It is his pleasure I seek not just dealing with it. ~  She
encouraged with her own thoughts.  She knew she could not retreat into modesty
and a reflexive reaction that would have had her pull away, James's hold
prevented anything but performing.  She moaned, finally gaining her own pleasure
as she heard him praise her further.

James allowed Becca to continue to suck on his hardened shaft for about 5
minutes, during which time he repeatedly forced her to accept the head of his
cock at the back of her throat.  He stood there letting her suck him as he
watched her pretty brunette head bobbing, listening to the sucking noises
produced by her soft lips sliding up and down his cock length. Her tongue
fluttering teasingly around the bell end, as he kept her at it, sucking away at
his hard flesh until he felt the beginnings of the first spasm of an impending
orgasm. It was so very tempting to come in this lovely woman's mouth, but he
didn't want her sucking him off, not yet.

"Oh ...that's enough...stop it now."  He pulled her head back and eased her
mouth from his glistening cock by the simple expedient of yanking her head
backwards.  James watched the fat knob twitching hazily in front of her face,
its vent oozing a little pearly blob of sticky seminal fluid, and looked down
into Becca's blue eyes.

James decided it was now time to move on to the next part of Becca's training,
one that would give him almost as much pleasure, but one that would bring the
poor woman a new insight into her gradual submission to her Master's will.

"You suck reasonably well, for one who is relatively inexperienced."  James
complimented Becca.  "With training, you will do even better.  However, before
you are granted the pleasure of your Master's essence, there is a serious matter
of the displays of hesitancy and reluctance on your part.  Such things may not
seem important, but it is essential that you learn quickly that you are not
allowed any leeway in the tasks that you must undertake."

The occasional constricting of her throat made the task at hand seem longer than
it was.  In that time, Becca went back and forth with her enjoyment of suckling
her Master's cock.  She felt the distinct difference in his hardness and a
slight tremble to his legs where her hands remained, clinging onto him for
support.  But before the anticipated eruption into her mouth she was pulled
away.  Her closed eyes fluttered open to see the deeply coloured member directly
before her.  To Becca it looked so in need of attention the way it seemed to bob
invitingly before her parted lips.

After a moment of observing the dollop of fluid oozing forth, Becca leaned
forward, stretching her tongue to take the morsel of juice.  Her eyes turned up
to meet her Master's gaze as she did this small thing on her own.

Feeling Becca's soft tongue swipe away the oozing essence from the tip of his
quivering rock hard penis, James was tempted to pull her head back and plunge
into the warm wet confines of her ever-so willing mouth to bring his building
lust to the frenzied fruition that it craved.  However, he rejected the
immediate response to her ministrations in favour of delaying the ultimate
release, whilst he undertook her punishment that would bring him additional
pleasures.

"Thank you Master."  She murmured in response to his compliment but otherwise
remained silent, returning to a nervous state as he spoke of her earlier
hesitance.  Becca lowered her eyes, almost in shame.  She understood fully, her
lack of immediate response would gain her a reaction from James.  Her instincts
telling her she was about to be disciplined.

Leaving Becca kneeling, James went across the room to where the wall racks held
the displays of crops and canes.  After taking several from the racks and
testing their flexibility by swishing them through the air, he selected a length
of leather covered whalebone, some 3 feet 6 inches long and as thin as a large
sized knitting needle.

To save herself from wringing her hands as James walked from her, Becca had once
more clasped her hands to the back of her neck.  She observed his
experimentation with assorted implements of punishment with a growing mixture of
feelings.  The sound was loud, perhaps only in her mind, as he tested numerous
with a powerful swing.

Returning to Becca, he stood before her, his legs slightly apart displaying his
still erect shaft to her gaze.

"I now intend to give you 6 cuts of this crop across your bottom."  James
informed Becca.  "You have a choice of freely offering your arse for
chastisement without being restrained, or you can request to be bent over and
secured to the leather horse, but the number of strokes will be increased to 12
if you take the latter option."

After waiting a short period to allow the full import of his words to register
with Becca, James continued. "Either way, after receiving each stripe, you will
thank me for my efforts and beg me to deliver the next one.  Should you fail to
offer thanks or request the next stroke within 5 seconds, then the preceding cut
will not count and will be repeated."

As he waited for Becca's reply, James idly swung the leather crop back and forth
in front of the kneeling figure, seeming to delight in a display of torment for
the poor woman who was being forced to decide on the severity of her own
punishment.

Becca was completely in awe of her Master as she watched him.  Tall,
distinguished and handsome, his lean body, the flex of his toned muscles, the
grip of his hand on the switch.  She found herself once more struck by arousal
at watching him.  As her vision of herself kneeling while suckling his cock had
been erotic to her, so was this.  There was still a strong element of fear
intermingled with her arousal, in a way, the two feelings reinforced each other. 
Becca was unsure how much pain would be brought to her flesh and was unsure how
much she would be able to take.  ~ What if I cannot bear it? ~  She asked
herself as James returned to her.

Her eyes were drawn first to his manhood as he once again stood before her, but
as James spoke, she looked up and took in just what he was saying.  ~ Would
there be a need for me to be restrained?  Will it hurt that much?? ~ She thought
as the intensity of her fear grew slightly higher than the level of her arousal,
eclipsing the throb that had begun between her legs.




CHAPTER FIVE

The next instructions were clear.  "Yes Master, your slave understands." she
almost whispered, her throat and gone dry again as her eyes followed the slowly
swinging crop.  ~ 6 'cuts' or 12. . ~  It was not really that hard of a
decision, the lesser of the two options made the most sense.  It was the offer
of being restrained that had her faltering.  Becca could not understand why
there would be a need for her to be restrained for punishment.  It seemed as if
it were to be a kindness of some sorts if it were to bring her additional
lashes.

To be bound had it's own attractions as it was something she desired to
experience, but to chose that would increase her punishment.  It was another
moment before she realised she was hesitating again, the exact cause of her
punishment in the first place.

"Your slave chooses to remain unrestrained Master."  She said quickly, Becca bit
her lip.  She held in the question that played on her mind, deciding she would
learn why there would be a reason for bondage as she took the crop freely 6
times.  Her eyes still followed the slim rod as he continued to swing it.

On hearing Becca's decision that she would receive her punishment without the
additional security of being restrained, James's thoughts recalled the last time
that a slave-under-training to him had elected to follow a similar course of
action.

 ~ How many extra had he given her?  Was it an additional 14 cuts of the crop
across her quivering nates? No, it was a further 16 times that the cane had
visited her bottom. How the poor girl had regretted her errors, the 22 vivid
welts bearing witness to the severity and force of his right arm, the intense
pain robbing her of the ability to even count the number and ask for the next
stripe across her shuddering buttocks. In the end, she had screamed and begged
to be restrained but, cruel man that he was, he had denied her this small mercy
and insisted that she present her throbbing arse cheeks for the punishment he
had ordained, without the reassuring feel of restraints.  By the time he had
reached 18 cuts, the poor girl was writhing and squirming on the floor begging
for him to desist. ~

Bringing his mind back to the present, James ordered Becca.  "Right, I want you
to see you bent over, hands gripping the back of your knees and make sure that
you maintain that position throughout your chastisement.  Let me hear you asking
for your punishment and thanking me for each stripe in a clear and lucid manner,
for any failure will result in the penalty of additional strokes."

"Yes Master, understood."  She replied quickly.  Becca stood and turned away
from James, stepping slightly forward so that he would not have to move far to
deliver the strikes.  ~ I haven't made an error, surely 6 is better than 12. ~
It seemed very logical to someone who had never felt a crop on her skin before. 
Bending, Becca reached around her knees and tried to stifle her trembling.

As he waited for Becca to adopt the required posture, James could not resist the
temptation of cajoling the poor woman even more.  "Come on, stick out that
backside of yours. I want to hear you requesting the strokes and it sticking
right out waiting for the first stroke."

Her body jolted as his commands rang out.  "Yes Master!"  She exclaimed and
spread her legs slightly, her upper body leaning more to her thighs.  Becca bent
her knees slightly in hopes of adding to her support while pushing her backside
further towards him.  "Your slave wishes to be punished, Master. Her bottom is
eager for the lashes so that she may learn to please you better."  The words
came easily as she released herself to the position. Becca only prayed the next
words she spoke would come as easily.

Her eyes were closed and Becca tried not to tense her body as she waited for the
inevitable.  Knowing it would hurt, she already tried to ensure the lesson was
learned.  ~ I will not hesitate . . . ~

James's experienced eye took in the highly erotic sight of the naked woman
bending before him, her hands grasping her knees, her breast globes wobbling
slightly as they hung dependant from her torso, and the smooth flesh of her
bottom cheeks presented to him. Some would call the circumstances obscene, but
they would be people who failed to appreciate the incredible emotional charge
that can be obtained from a domination/submission relationship. The words spoken
and the offering she made emphasised the power that he held over the woman, and
if one where to compare it to the drug culture, this was the ultimate fix as far
as he was concerned.  Whilst the infliction of punishments gave him a
substantial feeling of satisfaction, this was just a corollary to the main
essence of his enjoyment, which was the exercise of his dominance in respect of
women.

"Fine words my dear, but have you the fortitude and bravery to ensure that you
obey the instructions that you have been given, to the letter, my dear. For any
and all failures will result in additional strokes."  James emphasised to Becca. 
"I intend this to be a caning that will test your resolve to submit and offer
yourself, mind and body for my pleasure." ~ I wonder how many she will be able
to take, before she succumbs to the agony? ~

Taking up a position just to the left of the quivering girl, James drew the
switch across Becca's cringing bottom cheeks. Lightly caressing the curve of her
presented buttocks, James tapped the leather bound whalebone crop across the
centre of her bottom, the
length spanning the shadowed divide as if indicating where the first blow would
fall. Taking his measure, he raised the crop up high; up over his shoulder and
then brought it down with a swish, his arm moving quickly and with substantial
force, so that the impact with Becca's soft flesh was with his full strength.
This produced a sharp crack and the twin cheeks of her bottom quivered like two
jellies as the instrument bit deep into their soft flesh. A mark appeared across
the naked spheres, at first a livid white, then quickly darkening to a painful
red.

James's arm relaxed as he stood waiting to see Becca's actions.

Becca found she couldn't respond, her heart was in her throat as she waited for
the first lash.  ~ Please let me bear this. ~  She silently wished and twitched
as the cane was stroked over her waiting cheeks.  It was the wait that was
becoming difficult.  The anticipation of feeling her first real punishment had
spawned a nervous excitement that she could not shake.

Her eyes closed tight as she heard the sudden swish.  Becca had tried to prepare
herself for just how painful it would be but nothing she could have imagined
compared to the way it actually felt.  The breath to even cry out was gone with
the horrendous slice across her buttocks.  Her skin broke out in goose bumps as
she shivered and her entire body jolted forward until she put a hand down to
brace herself.

It was a second before she found her voice but it felt like an eternity. Becca's
eyes were watering but she was not yet tearful.  The first sound she made was an
odd sort of grunt, high pitched but short.  ~ Oh God, how will I ever take
more?!? ~  She thought as she returned her hand to re-clasp behind her knee. 
The next thought was ~ How long have I made him wait?? ~

In a rush she spoke.  "Thank you Master . . ." but found she could only pant
quick short breaths for another moment.  "Your slave wishes another Master . . .
she requires further punishment."  Difficult words to say considering the
already gleaming pain to her back side but proper (she hoped) just the same.  ~
That's one . . . five more to go . . . Oh God. ~  Becca groaned and pressed her
forehead to one of her knees.

James watched as a line of burning, agonising pain erupted across Becca's
bottom. His eyes glinted with steely satisfaction to see her reaction and the
prohibited movement as her hand reached out to maintain her balance.

"Oh, I may not have made it clear, my dear." James said in a nonchalant tone of
voice.  "Any movement of your hands from the position instructed also means the
same penalty as failure to respond verbally as required."

Allowing time for the import of his words to sink into Becca's mind, James then
continued sadistically making her situation even more dire.  "Any failures incur
an individual penalty, so with your delay in your response and the unauthorised
movement of your hand away from your knees, you are now starting the punishment
again from a minus position of two strokes."

~ Actually she responded reasonably quickly, but not quickly enough and she will
soon learn that the offer of securing her, even for 12 strokes of the rod, would
have been a far better proposition. ~

James waited patiently, enjoying the display, before he ordered her to
reposition herself and he looked on with a feeling of intense anticipation, and
saw across her white quivering cheeks a wicked twin tracked weal had now been
raised, it was turning slowly from red to a dark purple. He lifted the supple
rod again, paused, and then whipped it down across her soft bottom, letting it
bite in, just below that first cruel stroke.

He watched Becca's reaction, whilst his own excitement at laying the punishing
instrument across her naked flesh produced a reaction of it's own.  His turgid
member becoming engorged and rigid pointed horizontally from his lower belly. 
His free hand moved down to lightly grip the rock hard prick and he began to
massage it slowly from base to tip.

Becca heard what her Master was telling her, barely, over the rush of her
breathing as she fought to keep control.  She whimpered in response as he
informed her she was now beginning again from a minus standpoint.  Becca had
been afraid it had taken her too long to state the required words, now she knew
to respond immediately.  The strike across her buttocks throbbed horribly,
bringing out cascading goose bumps, as her body temperature seemed to change in
waves radiating out from that one hot spot.

For the moment her world was narrowed, further than it had been once she signed
the contract.  Now all she felt was pain and fear of more.  The arousal she had
been experiencing so keenly before had all but disappeared, as she was unable to
cling to it.  Becca felt it was more important to focus all of her energy on
getting through her first punishment.

Her chest heaved as she adjusted her position, hanging her head again and trying
to prepare for the next.  She knew already it was a mistake to have not taken
the offer to be restrained but she was not yet at the point to ask him for it. 
The second strike came as a surprise to Becca.  She had been hoping James might
warn her.  The cane bit deep into her, this time pulling a cry from her lips
immediately as her flesh was already sore.  The lash mark burned bright with
pain but she held the position, her nails digging in to the backs of her knees. 
Her head came up, flipping her hair around as she hissed in her next breath. 
Becca could swear James had struck the exact same spot.

"Thank you Master . . .  "she groaned the words and punctuated them with a
hiccup of a sob.  "Your slave wishes for more please!"  Becca's voice was loud
and full of pain but she felt she had responded quickly no matter the struggle
to do so.  She was beginning to doubt how she'd be able to take the rest and
hitched in a troubled breath.  With her eyes closed, Becca did not know the
pleasure her Master was taking in dealing out this punishment.

Watching Becca's fingers gripping tightly at the back of her knees and listening
to her hissing intake of breath as she attempted to achieve the tasks of
thanking him and requesting the next stripe, James smiled as he saw the
blossoming pain-filled second stroke decorate her buns.

As she was again made to position herself and request the next cutting agony of
the rod, he tapped the whalebone switch gently against her quivering cheeks,
just above the soft crease that divided her bottom cheeks from her upper thighs,
causing them to wobble slightly each time at its contact.  Then the tapping
stopped and the cane left her bottom and came whistling down across the same
spot that he had been tapping, ending with a loud crack!!  Becca's flesh rippled
from its point of impact as it sliced into her plump round cheeks and the band
of pain blazed across her bottom, just below the last one.

Whilst he waited for Becca's response James informed her "We will now commence
your proper punishment, woman. You have six strokes to come, so let me hear your
requests clearly and I wish you to be precise about what you are asking."

~Let me see how strong her desire really is, to submit to me. ~

Becca started, visibly as the rod tapped her backside lightly. Again she was
taken off guard by the intensity and suddenness of the strike.  Her voice rang
out just as suddenly, loud this time. Thankfully she managed to hold the
position but felt her knees burning as if straining to lift an enormous weight. 
As the cry died out, Becca broke into a soft sob.  The sound bubbled up along
with real tears as she listened to James's guidance.

"Yes Master . . . Thank you Master."  She replied, as clearly as she could. 
Becca was determined now to deal with the searing pain each lash brought and
joined with the ones that had not yet faded.  In the back of her mind she wanted
desperately to beg him to stop her punishment, to at least slow it.  ~ That is
not how I am to think! ~ She admonished herself silently though her tears
continued, not comforted by her need to learn.

"Thank you Master . . . for this punishment . . . " she panted as a chill ran
through her body, followed quickly by a flash of heat. "Your slave . . . wishes
only to please you Master . . ." Another chill and again the flash pulled a moan
from her throat, interrupting her declaration.  Becca remained still, staring at
the floor below her again, wanting desperately to put a hand out to balance
herself better.  "Your slave . . . your slave desires further punishment Master
. . . she wishes for the next lash."  She continued, attempting to embellish her
words to please him.

~ I just need to get through this . . . I can do it. ~  She thought, her lips
mouthing her thoughts silently.




CHAPTER SIX

Whilst James and Becca were discovering the various 'delights' of their new
home, a prominent resident of Brookdale, Greg Shunter, was making the intimate
and, for her, painful acquaintance of a visitor to Brookdale, Miss Julie Jones.

Greg, who was Chief of Police in the township, and was in a powerful position
within the community, being one of the twelve aldermen who were the ruling group
in Brookdale.  In his position as Chief of Police, he was in charge of the force
of twenty-five Wardens who kept law and order in the township and Julie Jones
was a visitor, who was discovering, at first hand, just what law and order meant
in Brookdale.

Earlier that day, Greg had received an email from the local judge for the area,
Judge Joseph Williams and, opening the communication and reading the note, a
sadistic smile crossed his features.

The email read:

"Dear Greg,
When you wish, please contact Warden Graham at the jail and the woman; Julie
Jones will be delivered to your home. Please note that she has been made aware
of her responsibilities to ensure your complete satisfaction, and the penalty
for failure being a five-year tenure in the County jail, under the control of
Governor Lila Betts. Any reluctance on her part should of course be dealt with
swiftly, in the accepted fashion and without any restrictions. She has been sent
for your service and pleasure and for her own punishment and torment."

Greg Shunter had considerable experience of dealing with women that had no
choice but to submit, having been Chief of Police in Brookdale for the past
fifteen years.  He had grown used to being given `carte blanche' in his
treatment of women like Julie Jones and she would be able to do nothing to
prevent him exercising his particular pleasures.

At 11.0am that morning, Greg had telephoned the jail and spoke to Warden Graham.

"Have the woman, Julie Jones brought to my home, please." Shunter requested.

Julie paced in the 'cell' she was detained in.   When she had agreed to
'Community Service Order' in place of the five-year sentence to the County jail
for attempting to pay her hotel bill with a stolen credit card, she didn't
really know what she had been agreeing to.   It wasn't until her arrival at the
local jail in Brookdale that the details of her situation were revealed in their
entirety.   She was to be employed in the service of the residents of Brookdale,
which entailed becoming a slave.  

The Wardens who had taken her from the Courthouse took no small time placing a 2
inch wide black leather collar with 4 d-rings about her neck.   Then similar
leather cuffs were placed on wrists and ankles, her hands were then locked
behind her back.  

She was led a cell by a leash attached to her collar and left to wait.   Wait
she did, for what seemed like hours.   She was angry at being tricked into the
agreement to complete Community Service and she was beginning to think maybe she
should have just taken her chances with the County prison. After all, the
embezzlement was her first offence and, at least she would not have to suffer
the indignities she was going through at the present.

However, if Julie had made the acquaintance of Lila Betts, she would have not
been so eager to undertake a five sentence in her care.  Lila Betts ran a prison
based on a regime of lesbian domination, where the inmates were simply exotic
sexual playthings for the butch female guards to torment and abuse.

"Hind sight is 2020," she mumbled.

Finally there was the sound of the door to the cell being unlocked and one of
the wardens entered.

"It is about time someone come to let me out of here," snapped Julie, irritably.

The Warden smiled, "Shut up slave.  You will have plenty of time to complain to
your Training Master."

With a fluid motion, the Warden snapped a leash to her collar and she was led
from the cell with all the indignities of a leashed dog.  During the short
journey from the jail to Greg Shunter's home, Julie was fastened by the lead to
her collar to restraining fixtures in the back of an enclosed van. 

On arrival at the Shunter residence, Julie was released from the van and led to
the front door of Greg's house, where the Warden knocked.

Hearing the knock, Shunter walked over and opened the door. His features lit up
as he saw the woman with a collar around her neck fastened to a leash that was
held by the Warden.  Motioning for them to enter, he stood to one side and
watched the Warden lead Julie into his house.

As Julie was led into the house and down some stairs into a basement room, she
thought. "This was not supposed to happen to her. She was the one normally in
control. She was the one that twisted men around her little finger."

Julie fought back the tears, she would not let them see her cry, and she would
defy them and escape at the first opportunity. No one would keep her a prisoner
for long.

"I know some important people. You will be sorry if you don't let me go. Do you
know who my boyfriend is?" She said as if a threat.

Greg listened to Julie's threats with a jaundiced ear. ~ He had heard the same
old pattern before, indignation, anger then uncertainty and by the time he was
finished abject fear and terror. ~

"Listen and listen well, you noisy bitch.  You are now, to all intents and
purposes, a slave in the township of Brookdale.  Now, you will shut your mouth,
or I will have you gagged so that you can scarcely breathe.  We are not
interested in all your threats and they only serve to annoy me." Greg shouted
into Julie's face as he gripped a hank of her shoulder length brown hair in his
tight fist.

He allowed himself a mirthless smile as he noticed the beginnings of a trace of
fear in her green eyes.  However, this did not deter him from smashing the open
palm of his other hand across Julie's face and then backhanded her, his knuckles
biting into her soft cheek.

Without waiting any response from Julie, Greg dismissed the Warden and then took
hold of the chain connected to the leather collar, and dragged Julie further
into the basement room.
 
"I am going to have some fun with turning you into a sex slave, I can see that
already."  Greg informed Julie. 

The pull on the collar chain almost made her fall but she regained her poise and
followed as best she could.  His words stung her and she forgot his earlier
threat when she protested.  "I am not going to be your sex slave or anyone
else's, you fucking bastard. I am Julie Jones!  I'm not a slave and you better
get that through your thick head, you fucking miscreant!"  

Hearing Julie's foul-mouthed curses, Greg stopped dead causing the stumbling
girl to collide with him.  He turned and, still holding the chain attached to
her collar, he again struck her several hard blows across the face with his
hand.  Pulling the chain tight so that he looked down into Julie's reddened face
that was only inches from his own, Greg gazed at her with contempt.

"My mother and father were married before I was born, so you will suffer greatly
for that insult to their memory."  Greg said in a quiet tone that belied the
possibilities of the threat he had just made.  He dragged the figure of Julie
across the room and stood her just below a chain that hung down from the
ceiling.  Operating an electric hoist, he quickly lowered the chain, so that the
end could be attached to the wrist restraints holding Julie's hands behind her
back.  Pressing a button on the electric hoist control, Greg shortened the chain
until Julie's arms were forced up her back and she was compelled to stand on her
toes and to lean forward to relieve the strain.

"I think the time has come to see more of the material that I have to work
with," Jonas informed the poor woman.  "So we will start by getting rid of all
this surplus clothing, as I wish to see you naked!!"

The resolve soon disappeared as she heard his threat. "You want to see me n. nak
.. .naked?" She dreaded this moment even though she knew it would eventually
come. Men were all alike in their primitive desire to see a woman naked. Why
should this ape be any different? The problem in Julie's mind was not the
nudity. She had been seen naked by scores of men. No, the problem was the sense
of power this would give him over her. Naked would leave her with a tremendous
sense of vulnerability. This she needed to prevent if she was to maintain
psychologically strong in the face of this adversity.

"Please. Don't do this to me. I'll behave. I'll take back my words to you.
Please, I beg you." Her sobs were becoming uncontrollable now as she pleaded
with him to not strip her.

"But naked is the only state for a slave to be."  Greg laughed.  "Don't tell me
that you have never been seen naked by men before!  I suspect that you have been
perfectly willing to display your charms to anyone in exchange for what you
desired. So, we'll just get on with removing these clothes."

Watching Julie's efforts to relieve the pressure on her arms, Greg moved behind
her out of her sight and gripped the zip at the top of her black dress.  Pulling
it slowly downwards, he revealed the smooth skin of her back that was bisected
by the black strap of her demi-bra.  Greg produced a knife and returning to face
Julie again, he slowly inserted the knife blade under each of the shoulder
straps of the bodice of the dress and cut each one allowing the top of the black
dress to fall around Julie's waist.  With little delay, Greg then pushed the
remains of the dress over Julie's hips until it pooled at her feet, leaving her
clad only in a black bra, matching thong and garter belt, that held up her black
stockings.

Determined to see more of Julie's charms, he unclipped the fastener of the black
bra and then, tantalising the poor woman, cut the shoulder straps so that the
bra fell to the ground. Greg stood back and considered the sight before him of
Julie tethered for his use and enjoyment. His hands reached out to grip her the
soft mounds of her tits as they hung slightly due to the position of Julie's
arms.  He kneaded and pulled at the dependant globes, pulling and twisting the
nubs between his thumbs and index fingers.

"You have a fine pair of tits on you, woman."  Greg said.  "I'll warrant that
they will swing and bounce well as you are fucked, and also when you feel the
lash across their softness."

Julie's arms are beginning to really ache now. Oddly enough, so are the backs of
her legs. She had to stand on her tiptoes to keep her arms from breaking and the
position has caused a lot of pain in her calves. Every time she tried to lower
onto her feet, the pain on her arms became too great. The only thing she could
do was to try to remain motionless until the man came to his senses. Nobody got
away with this kind of thing in the 21st century!

~ At least he seemed to stop before removing her panties. Was there still time
to turn this around? ~ 

Looking at Julie clad only in her underwear, Greg secured her legs to fastenings
in the floor that ensured that her ankles were kept 18 inches apart.  Inserting
the knife into the waistband of the thong and garter belt, he cut them and then
slowly pulled the material from her body, revealing her naked before his eyes. 
As Julie's stockings lost their support, they slipped down her legs and Greg
casually ripped them from around her ankles.

Greg picked up Julie's underwear and placed it upon a small tray situated on the
top of a metal column, just a few feet away from Julie.  "This is a little
ceremony that I indulge in with each new slave to emphasise the change in her
status from a free person to that of a slave girl, who is here to please and
serve."  Greg informed Julie.

Spraying the small pile of underclothing with petrol from a can of lighter fuel,
he ignited the flammable material and stood watching it burn away until it was
just a small pile of ashes. 

"Those were the symbols of your freedom with which you were able to use to cover
the intimate parts of your body.  The fact that I have just removed them, and
they have been destroyed in front of your own eyes will, I hope teach you that
what you previously considered was yours to protect and conceal now belongs to
your owners and trainers and will be available at all times for their use and
enjoyment."  Greg addressed the naked figure of Julie.

Tears filled her eyes as she watched her underwear go up in smoke. She heard his
words but refused to believe them. "I have more where those came from, you
bastard! I will escape from here and see you all behind bars for what you are
doing to me." This brave, meaningless speech was delivered in a breaking voice.
Her sobs were coming more frequently as she began to understand exactly how
helpless she was. The only thing she had left was her dignity and will to
resist, whilst her only hope was to show him that she would not bend to his
will, no matter how much he hurt her. She wondered just how far Greg was
prepared to go.

"Do not worry, woman you probably will never again have the opportunity to wear
such garments." Greg informed Julie. 

Greg brought over a metal tray, on which was a previously prepared hypodermic
syringe containing the same chemical as used by James and placed it on a table
in front of Julie.  

He then proceeded to advise Julie of the efficacy of the chemical contained in
the syringe and its ability to heal and control. Her eyes widened as he
approached with the needle but all she could manage was a soft keening.  "Please
don't," she pleaded with tears running down her face.  Stripping her nude had
made her feel so vulnerable to him, more so than the restraints.  She again
tried again to free herself from her bonds, but it was useless. 

Julie shuddered to think why he might want to increase her pain threshold, what
further tortures did this monster plan to inflict upon her?  

Taking a firm grip on Julie's left breast as it hung dependant from her body,
Greg squeezed the soft globe until just the nipple projected through his
fingers.  "This will hurt you more than it will hurt me!" Greg said laughing, as
he inserted the needle about 2 inches deep into Julie's nub.  Depressing the
plunger, the chemical was injected into Julie's system, there to quickly do its
work of altering her body's recovery time and also her mind's ability to revolt.

"We will give the injection a short time to begin to act, and then we will see
how effective it is in raising your pain threshold."  Greg said ominously. "You
will find your future life as a sex slave demanding, as your Masters and
Mistresses will wish to make use of your body in a variety of ways.  Some will
decide to make use of you sexually and these sessions may be for very long
periods, thus stamina will be required.  Others will simply want to torture your
naked body for their own amusement and enjoyment, and the increase in the
acceptance of pain level will be extremely useful in that instance."

After a break of some 20 minutes, Greg said.  "I will now see how effective the
injection is by having the pleasure of administering your first flogging.  Have
you ever felt the whip on your naked body before?" Greg questioned Julie, as if
he were enquiring if she had ever been on holiday. 

"What??? A whip, No, no I have never been whipped!!!" Julie responded her voice
full of horror at such a question.

"Well my dear, this will be an experience that I can assure you, you will never
forget."

Taking a small cat-of-nine tails from a nearby rack, Greg swished the 18-inch
long lengths of leather through the air, producing a low hum as the implement
cut the stillness of the room.

"I think that we will start with 20 strokes across those ass cheeks of yours to
begin with, and then maybe a few uppercuts to those lovely full breasts that
seem to be hanging and begging for the caress of the strands."  Greg took great
delight in advising the naked woman of what was going to happen.

"Wait, please, please wait, I beg you!!!"" Julie cried, before he could start
swinging. "Release me now and I will have the sex with you any way you prefer. 
I will do this lovingly to you and freely.  Please.  Release me."

As she spoke these words she felt herself getting sick. Could it be the drug he
had just pumped into her left teat?  Whenever she thought of fighting back, an
incapacitating nausea would overcome her.  She wanted to throw up and she was
also painfully aware of how open and vulnerable she was to this sadistic
bastard.

Greg paused on hearing Julie's offer, the leather strands of the whip still
swishing to and fro,  ~ Now that was not an unusual proposition, but was the
woman going to give up so soon?  ~

"So you say that you will have sex with me and you will do it lovingly and
freely?"  Greg said.  "But I can beat you with the whip, until eventually you
will obey all my commands, and I can then have you however I want.  So why
should I consider your offer worthy of consideration?"

Without waiting for Julie's answer, Greg continued.  "Not that I do not
anticipate enjoying your charms, but I have a better idea.  My sixteen year old
son, William has just returned from boarding school and I am sure that he would
be happy to take up your offer."

At first, Julie thought that she had misheard what Greg had said.  A
sixteen-year-old boy??? He was proposing to force her to allow a sixteen year
old to have sex with her?  Then, seeing Greg's unsmiling face, it dawned upon
her that he was serious and that he was going to force her to allow a youth to
take and use her for his pleasure.

It was then that Julie discovered that in the township of Brookdale, all females
apart from those granted exemption and a licence, were subject to the control of
all men.  Thus, any male over the age of sixteen years had authority over any
woman in the community, above the age of seventeen.

From the age of three, the resident's children all lived and were schooled at
two boarding schools situated some twenty-five miles from the town and were
forbidden to visit.  Parents regularly visited their offspring and normal family
units developed.

As they reached sixteen, the girls commenced an intensive training regime, which
included the use of deep hypnosis techniques or a form of brainwashing, to teach
them to be feminine and to realise that from the age of seventeen, they would be
expected to be submissive to any men that they might encounter.  In effect, they
were trained to become slaves and fully obedient to all men.  The training was
always successful and they emerged from the school ready to serve and obey any
male in authority over them. 

During their last year at the school, the boys were schooled in the various
aspects of male dominance. At the age of sixteen, the boys were allowed to
return to the community and put into place the specialised instruction that they
had received.  When the girls reached seventeen, they also returned to the
community to find employment and, by demonstrating the success of their
submissive training and acceptance of their slavery, hopefully found a husband
or even a Master to serve.

The females granted exemption were those individuals that had shown that they
were capable of controlling others and, after passing stringent testing, they
were granted a licence to acquire the status of a Domme.

The township was open to visitors, who were required to give an undertaking that
they would fully observe and accept the unique byelaws and that any female
visitors would obey fully the rules governing women.

The Wardens, who made regular patrols of the township, policed the byelaws of
Brookdale. The Wardens had full authority to enter any home to ensure that the
accepted practice of male domination was being observed.  In the event of any
visitors who did not accept the operation of the system, they were arrested on
trumped-up charges and sentenced to spells of imprisonment in the local jail and
any details of their visit expunged from the records.  

Thus Julie would now find that she was in a new world, where her previous
attitude that females should be treated as equal to males does not apply.  She
would learn quickly and possibly painfully, that her personal desires and wishes
held no importance to the men of Brookdale.




CHAPTER SEVEN

When William heard his father's voice calling him from the basement, he already
had a good idea as to what Greg had been doing and had dressed accordingly in
just a pair of sports shorts.

William had only returned home from school a matter of days, but during that
time he had quickly become accustomed to the realisation that, in his position
as a male in the township, this gave him an automatic superiority of over the
vast majority of women in the community.

The last year at school had been one of the most interesting and enjoyable times
of his life. To find that the curriculum had included such things as 'Enforcing
Control' and 'The Detailed Anatomy of A Woman' accompanied by live models, had
proved to be a boon that was welcomed by any developing young male whose
hormones were racing through his young body at a rate of knots.  Although looked
upon as something of a 'nerd' by his fellow male students, William had developed
an extremely accomplished way of dealing with the opposite sex.  The knowledge
that he could demand and expect complete obedience from the female pupils at the
school, had given him a sense of confidence in dealing with the female sex that
far outweighed his sixteen years.

Indeed the pleasure of instructing one beautiful seventeen year old female
student to strip off her uniform and show him the most intimate of her charms,
and the satisfaction that he had felt in ejaculating into the soft warm confines
of her mouth, after requiring her to pay homage to his erect and throbbing
manhood just before he left, had remained with him during his journey back to
Brookdale.  She unfortunately would remember him, more for the penalty that he
had imposed upon her. 

During his last days at the boarding school he had seen the girl, Mary-Beth who
was a lithe slim brunette with an attractive figure, and William had decided
that she would be the subject of his 'graduation' act at the school.  She had
screamed and begged for mercy from the thin, spotty faced youth without success,
before she was strapped to the whipping block. The sight of her naked body
stretched taut over a whipping block, as he delivered a solid twenty-four stroke
caning to her yielding buttocks would remain with him for some considerable time
as his farewell gift.  However, the pain that he inflicted upon her, she would
wish to forget as soon as possible.  It was not as if he had found fault with
her performance, but simply decided that he would enjoy cutting the four feet
length of hickory into her soft skin.

Thus when William joined his father in the basement, he was anxious to
demonstrate to him that he was competent at controlling the women who were
subject to his whim.

Julie's reaction as William entered the basement was one of complete shock.
"There is no way that I am going to allow that pimply faced moron to make free
with me." She screamed, as she suddenly realised what horrors lay in store for
her.  "No fucking way am I going to allow him to indulge his fantasies with
me!!!"

Greg simply smiled, as the naked figure of Julie twisted in her bonds. "Well,
son what do you think of our new maid?" Greg questioned William.

William took in the charms of Julie's figure that her partly bent over form
exposed before him.  The soft white of her shoulders, the light scattering of
freckles on her chest which supported the succulent globes of her breasts as
they hung dependent from her torso, the sheen on her brunette shoulder length
hair, her slim waist that flared outwards into her bottom cheeks, as yet
unmarked from the kiss of the whip or cane, then the slim thighs and lower legs
stretching down to her trim ankles.

"Not bad Dad, not bad at all" William replied.

"She has just made an offer that you may well wish to accept." Greg explained. 
"It appears that, instead of being whipped with this," and Greg swished the
cat-o-nine tails through the air, "she is willing to make use of her
considerable charms to avoid the kiss of the whip.  I have explained that you
may well be interested in taking up her offer, but that it will be dependent on
whether you find her attractive enough."

On hearing Greg's explanation to his son, Julie reacted and screamed "I wouldn't
let that spotty face idiot touch me if he was the last fucking man on earth. I'd
cut his balls off and cook the fucking little things first."

"Such foul language and such impossible threats, woman.  If it was not my wish
to hear you beg for my son to make use of you, and listen as you scream and beg
for mercy I would have you gagged in order to silence your outburst." Commented
Greg,  "I think that you should resign yourself to accept that, as from now, you
have no rights to any opinions or wishes but are simply here to provide for our
pleasure."

"What do you think son, the cat or something else to curtail her sharp tongue?"
Greg said to William, who responded by suggesting a cane may be more suitable in
curbing Julie's vitriolic tongue.  "Good suggestion, a good beating with a
willow switch may help the bitch realise her true place and function in this
household."

Hearing William's views on her beating, Julie screamed, "If that little pervert
touches me I will sue the arse off you, you bastards." ~ this cannot be
happening, ~ Julie's mind was in a turmoil of emotion and disbelief. However,
the drugs from the injection were having an effect as, when she made these
outbursts, she found herself feeling nauseous and confused, as if her will to
resist was weakened. 

~What was happening to her? Why was she feeling so helpless? ~

William simply ignored her outburst and went across to the wall of the basement
and took a five feet length of willow stick from a hook.  Swishing it through
the air as he walked to behind Julie's figure, still held with her wrists
fastened at shoulder level behind her, he asked "How many, Dad?"

"Cane her until she sees some sense, son" replied Greg watching as Julie
struggled and squirmed in her bonds.  "When the slut is prepared to accept her
true position as a slave and that we are to be addressed in the proper form, as
Master, then she can have some relief."

After tapping the rod several times on Julie's offered buttock cheeks, William
raised the implement back over his shoulder and brought it down in a swift arc
to cut across the summit of the unmarked ass.  The stroke left a white stripe
upon Julie's tanned flesh, which quickly filled to become a red welt of pain.

During the course of the next 10 minutes, Julie's ass was decorated from the
first swell at the bottom of her back, to the top of her thighs with a series of
red stripes of agony, some overlaying others, until the whole area was bright
red with lines of the rod.  Although only a youngster, the strength of William's
arm was such, that where the stripes had crossed, small droplets of blood oozed
from the skin.

"AHHHHHHOOWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!" Screams of shock and pain were torn from Julie's
throat, as tears sprang to her eyes with each pain writhing swat.  She struggled
to move out of the way of the swinging switch, but the binding of her wrists up
in the middle of her back held her firmly in place.

Each swat ripped a scream from her throat and caused an overwhelming wave of
humiliation to wash over her.  Soon her tears were streaming down her cheeks and
dropping onto the basement floor, her cries echoing off the walls of the room. 
Her bottom was on fire with pain unlike anything she had felt before, and her
resistance and strength of will seemed to be melting away.  

Eventually, after the cane had laced into Julie's ass some thirty times, William
paused and said,  "Are you now prepared to accept your new status or do I have
to resort to stronger methods?"

Toward the end, Julie's throat was too raw to scream and, her voice hoarse, but
she managed to sob, "Please no more...I..I'll do what you want...just please no
more please..." There was shudder that ran throughout her being as she uttered,
"Master."

A huge grin across William's features emphasised the pleasure he took as he
watched the naked flesh before him quiver and he heard the sobbing Julie utter
the word `Master.' Now that was a word that enhanced the enjoyment of slicing
the willow rod across her backside and gave credence to the philosophy that any
woman can be broken, if pain and torment are applied in the correct manner.

"How do you want her, son?" Greg asked, "Still in the same position, or do you
want her properly offering herself to you?"  He hoped that his son would realise
that to have the woman forced to offer her naked body for the male's enjoyment
was a humiliation to be enjoyed, especially in view of Julie's initial reaction
to William.

"I think that I would prefer her loose from any bonds so that she can show how
much she enjoys surrendering herself."  William responded with the hint of
sarcasm in his voice.

Greg was pleased. His son was obviously enjoying being in complete control of
Julie and had benefited greatly from the training he had received at school. 
Little did Greg realise how accomplished William actually was, and how the
reputation he had at the school of being a disciplinarian, who had left many of
the girl students in floods of tears, was well justified.

William had already decided that he would have fun training Julie to be obedient
to her betters. He recalled that, on previous occasions at the school, being
very exacting in introducing the girls that he had trained to rituals involving
their humiliation and discipline.

The rituals included making the female students display themselves in the most
abject and intimate way, forcing them to kneel naked before him with their knees
parted and hands cupping their breasts for his inspection. He would then
instruct them to please him by displaying their naked body in any manner that
they felt could gain his interest. If the girl failed to do so, the whip was
always available

Greg released Julie's wrist bracelets and she straightened up and stood, as he
instructed, with her hands by her sides, tears streaming down her face. She
could see her chest heaving with sobbing breathes that caused her ripe breast
globes to bobble slightly, as she continued to gaze at the floor.

~What was going to happen next? Julie wondered. How much more can I stand of
this torture? ~

"Display, girl." William instructed in a menacing voice.

Julie lifted her gaze to look up at the youth.  She knew that he was addressing
her, but she did not know what he meant by his words. She straightened her
shoulders, looking him in the eyes. "What do you mean by display? You see that I
cannot hide anything," She stopped for a moment, and then she remembered to add
the required salutation "Master."

William observed the manner of her reply and strode purposefully to where the
naked girl stood with her hands by her sides. Gripping her brown curly hair in
an iron fist, he forced her head back causing her body to strain in order to
avoid the pain of his strength and throwing her breasts into prominence. William
stared into her eyes that were full with tears as she realised that, despite
appearing as only a sixteen-year old spotty faced youth, this boy was not to be
trifled with.  He had already demonstrated how efficient he was at wielding the
cane and his demeanour showed confidence in his own ability.

"You are a slave and slaves are taught how to display themselves for the
amusement of their betters! They are forced to display their most intimate
charms, their breasts, their cunts and their arses in all manner of lewd
offering, so that their master may examine them to see if they are worth
bothering with!! On your knees, woman and offer me those sweet breasts of yours
this instant."

Releasing her hair from his grip, he shoved her to her knees on the basement
floor and, whilst she knelt before him, he picked the cane again and commenced
whipping it through the as if anticipating the forthcoming enjoyment of using it
again on Julie's well-toned flesh should she again prove stubborn.

"Show me your wares as enticingly as you can, or suffer the pain of the whip
across that flesh!"

Julie's tried her hardest to show him that she would not weaken so easily, but,
when he took the switch into his hand and started snapping it back and forth,
she knew that if she did not do what he ordered, she would again suffer
terribly.

Julie knelt there for a brief moment, looking up at William, and she then
proceeded to do her best at what he ordered of her. She could not meet his gaze,
so she looked down to the floor, while her hands moved up to cup her breasts as
she arched her back so they would stand out more for him. Her fingers gently
raked across her flesh, then she took both nipples in between her thumb and
index fingers and squeezed them hard. She turned her head to the side, her
brunette locks falling over her face some, slightly covering it. When she felt
that her nipples were as erect as they could be, she let go and began to knead
her breasts. She had no idea if this was enough, or if she should even speak any
words that would gain some favour with him. Fear was starting to build up within
her, and she tried her best to fight it down. She glanced up at him as she
continued to squeeze her breasts, awaiting his approval or her punishment for
not pleasing him.

William watched impassively as Julie attempted to comply with his orders and he
saw the effort to overcome her stubbornness that such actions induced in her. He
observed her breasts becoming reddened with the pressure of her fingers and the
nipples maintained their erectness.

"Now show me your cunt and let me see your sex flesh," William demanded.

Realising that any delay on her part would only lead to more and worse torment,
Julie, with her hands trembling with trepidation used her fingers to ease apart
her cunt lips. What further horrors await her?

William realised Julie's stubborn streak would need to be eradicated before she
submitted herself to him completely and, as she used her fingers to pull open
the lips of her pussy, he traced the tip of the willow cane down over her
breasts, her belly flesh and into the soft petals of her opened sex.

Moving the length of the cane back and forth in between her opened sex lips,
William stared down into her watery eyes. He continued to saw the cane in its
soft confines and carefully watched for any reaction.  It would bring him much
satisfaction to have this slave obedient to his every command with the threat of
severe punishment for any failure.

Julie kept his gaze for quite some time, but fear of further punishment brought
her gaze to the basement floor once again. She gasped slightly when he started
rubbing the cane against her pussy, but she did not react in any other way,
hoping that he would be done with this part soon.

William pulled the switch from Julie's pussy and smelt it.  "Well that's a
start, slave.  You seem to understand that you must obey, and obey without
delay!"  He said.  "However, you must realise that this is only the start of my
enjoyment in your training.  Keep those knees well apart and let me see your
nose to the floor and your ass presented high."

The cane swayed menacingly in William's hand. She listened to his words, and she
was scared, there was something about this boy that she just did not like, but
she would listen and obey as best she could.

Julie immediately opened her legs, with her knees as far apart as she could
spread them and touched her nose to the floor as instructed, while her ass was
thrust up into the air for his inspection. She prepared herself, for what she
thought would be more lashes and closed her eyes tightly, but still listened for
any other orders from him.

Resting the cane on the summit of Julie's upraised ass, William passed it over
the marked flesh presented to him and caressed it slowly down to the crease
where bottom meets thighs. He wished to explore how submissive she was when
ordered to carry out actions of a more intimate nature.

William leaned down and took a firm grip of her shoulder length hair and forced
her around to face him still on her knees, keeping the switch before her eyes.
He pulled her face towards his crotch where his cock stood erect beneath the
brief shorts that he was wearing.

"Let's see if your anymore proficient at providing sexual pleasure for your
Master, than you are obeying simple orders to display your assets to your
betters. Be aware that any failures this time will make what you have suffered
so far seem mild by comparison.  Now, remove my shorts."

Julie listened to his orders, and her hands immediately went to the waistband of
the shorts and eased them down William's still developing thighs.  Her eyes took
in the eight-inch length of engorged flesh that was revealed, as it stood out
horizontal from William's hairy groin.  Realising that to procrastinate would
only bring extra pain; she licked her lips once, and then placing her fingers
gently around the base of the shaft, she wrapped her lips around the head of his
cock, sucking gently on it. She started to work her way down his shaft in a
steady rhythm, as her mouth sucked on his cock; her tongue caressed the
underside of his shaft eagerly.

Julie had resigned herself to the fact that she would be forced to please
William, whether she wanted to or not.  However, she had, in the past, enjoyed
giving this kind of pleasure to her previous boyfriends and was quite proficient
at the task. She kept her movements steady, but not slow nor quick either. Soon,
she had the full length of him inside of her hot mouth, and she moaned softly
for a moment, and looked up at him to see his reaction to her doings.

As William felt Julie's soft lips take his cock into her mouth, he enjoyed the
caress of her tongue and he felt her accommodate his length and girth within the
confines of her mouth. The steady movements of her sucking caused him to harden
further and he was pleasurably surprised at her expertise.

~Was this the same slave who did not know how to display herself? ~

The youth felt his hips begin a back and forward movement as he sought to bury
more of his lengthening cock between Julie's sucking lips. This pleasant
interlude went on for some minutes and William could feel the build up of heat
in his testes as the stimulation continued.

Reaching down, he gripped Julie's breasts and began to maul them in his hard
hands, pinching the nipples between his fingers as his enjoyment of her efforts
increased and his wish to control his release became uppermost in his mind.

"Yes, the woman has a good mouth, Dad" he commented nonchantly to Greg, as if he
was talking about the performance of a car. "But she has yet to show how good
she is with her cunt!"

Julie moaned softly again hearing William's words. She could tell that she was
pleasing him, but to be referred to in such a manner re-enforced her feeling of
defeat.  She continued with her steady rhythm, as she felt his hands reach for
her swollen breasts. Her own hands reached up to gently hold at his hips, so she
could ensure that she kept her breasts well presented.

Julie sped up just a tiny bit in her movements on his hard member, wanting to
receive his ultimate release in her hot eager mouth. She closed her eyes for a
moment, enjoying what she was doing by remembering previous episodes of oral
sex, then opened them again to look up at William as her right hand moved around
to his balls to caress them.

William felt his shaft continue to be sucked by Julie's mouth and he was pleased
to feel her hand on his balls, as she caressed them. He felt the build up of
tension in his erect member as he pushed it further between Julie's lips, until
he could feel her hot breath against his stomach.

~Should he let go deep into her throat, or should he reserve his spend for the
confines of her pussy? Decision time rapidly approached, as he felt himself
nearing the point of no return. ~

Julie was relieved to feel William's cock pulsing within her warm wet mouth. She
was pleasing him, and that was good, but all she wanted now was to taste the
milky white liquid that would shoot from his member soon so that her ordeal
could draw to an end.  She started to suck on him harder, working her mouth back
and forth on his shaft as her hand continued to caress and gently rake at his
balls.

Easing his stiff shaft from Julie's mouth, which seemed to be sucking harder as
if to retain it within the moist confines of her mouth, William pulled back and
his erect cock pointed towards Julie's face like an accusing finger.  He allowed
himself a moment to recover the control that he had nearly lost, and looked down
at Julie's naked body, his eyes expressing a sadistic pleasure as he took in the
smooth white flesh.

"Get back down with that pretty arse in the air, girl."  William ordered. 
"Let's see if you are able to satisfy your Master by using your sweet cunt as
efficiently as you have used your mouth."

Julie looked up at him after he withdrew from her mouth, a bit disappointed, but
she knew what he wanted of her next and she was forced to obey. She quickly got
on her hands and knees, parting her legs as wide as she could and thrusting her
ass up to him as he ordered.

Taking a cushion from a nearby bench, William dropped it behind Julie's upturned
buttocks and knelt behind her. With a grunt of satisfaction thrust his cock to
the depths of Julie's warm moist sex. Easing his staff from between the soft and
yielding lips of her offered cunt, he thrust again, his balls swinging as his
belly battered her up- thrust arse cheeks.

Julie moaned loudly as he slammed into her. She had thought for a moment that
she would be dry, but the episode of sucking his cock had obviously caused her
to lubricate the inside of her cunt with her fluids and after the first few
strokes, it felt rather good to her

On the next withdrawal, he could not resist the temptation and his hard hand
came down upon the lily-white buttocks and a red imprint quickly decorated the
surface.

William thrust in again to the hilt and as he withdrew he felt the suctioning
pull of Julie's cunt muscles. William continued to thrust his hard cock into her
with regular strokes, interspersing them with slaps to the cheeks so well
presented to him.

She pushed herself back onto his cock again and again, and gasped every time his
hand came down onto her ass.

"Do you like a hard fucking slave?" he questioned. Well take it!!! Take it
all!!!" cried William, as he shot his load of jism with a wild roar.

Julie cried out at the moment of his climax, as her own orgasm shot through her
and her body shuddered with the force of it. She yelped, then moaned loudly
again as she felt him empty his seed deep in her.

William slumped down on to the kneeling slave's back, he had felt Julie's body
shudder with her own climax and heard her yelp and loud moan. His hands came up
to strongly grip her hanging breasts and he could not resist the temptation to
pinch Julie's erect nipples between his thumb and fore-finger, which he did
several times.

As he recovered and felt his wilting shaft ease its way out into the cool air
from between Julia's clinging labia, William felt exhilarated that he had
displayed such maturity and control in front of his father, whilst Greg looked
on with a certain degree of awe and pride at his son's ability.  The fact that
he had watched him bring a new slave, unaccustomed to the ways of Brookdale, to
a sexual climax was certainly a mark that the boy had what it took to control
women.

However, before Greg could comment, William stood up and kicked the still
up-thrust bottom of Julie hard with his foot. "Who said that you were allowed to
climax, bitch?" William questioned Julia.  "No slave is permitted pleasure
unless specifically instructed."

Greg laughed to hear his son addressing the naked figure of Julia in such a
manner.  "She will be well punished for that indiscretion before the day is out,
I warrant son."

"Yes, Dad." William replied.  "By the time I have finished with her, she will
pay for that pleasure in pain and agony."

On hearing William's words, Julia cringed as she lay on the cold floor of the
basement, feeling William's cum oozing from between cunt lips and trickling
slowly down her inner thighs, to dry in a sticky puddle on her skin.

~Why oh why did she agree to serve the Community Order sentence? Why was God
punishing her so?? But punish her he was, by making her suffer so much pain and
terror. What more agony awaited her for having a woman's pleasure? ~




CHAPTER EIGHT

"Now that she has accepted the inevitable, I was thinking of taking her over to
the Leisure Club Dad and giving her a workout in the gym for a couple of hours,
what do you think?" William informed his father.

"Excellent suggestion, son," Greg commented. "Although she looks nice and trim,
she may need to go on an exercise regime to improve her stamina for future
tasks. It's good to see that the training you have received at school has been
learned so well and that your practice during the last year has benefited you so
much.  Your mother and I have booked an early meal at Lucia's restaurant
tonight, and I have some business to do over at Headquarters, so I will leave
Julie in your hands and you can continue her 'education' in the ways of
Brookdale.  If you have any trouble with her just call for the assistance of the
Wardens, who I am sure will be only too happy to deal with any misbehaviour on
her part."  With these parting words and a hard slap to Julie's unprotected
bottom, Greg left William in the basement.

William instructed Julia to kneel before him, hands clasped at the back of her
neck, thighs well parted. The position caused Julie's breasts to thrust upwards
and forwards, as if begging to be caressed.  "This is the posture you will adopt
whenever I am in the vicinity," he ordered.  "You will also repeat the following
offering `Your slave awaits your pleasure, her tits, her cunt and her ass are
for your use.' Now repeat the offering!"

"No.....no...never....I can't say that...please I beg you...!!" cried Julie, her
face distraught and contorted at the depravity of the words.

William simply ignored her entreaties and, taking a grip of her hair in his fist
dragged her back up to her feet. With her screams of pain reverberating in his
ears as she felt her hair being torn out at the roots, Julie's wrists were again
secured to chains.

~Why can't I resist? ~ Julie thought. ~Is it the drugs or am too scared? ~

Before she could focus her mind upon resistance, however, her bracelets were
simply clipped to the chains dangling from the ceiling. Julie felt the pull of
the chains on the hoist as her hands were lifted above her head, but allowing
her feet to remain on the floor, leaving her helpless before any retribution
imposed by William.

"Rebellion in Brookdale comes with severe sanctions, bitch." William's only
words were uttered dripping with menace and he took up the willow cane again. He
then proceeded to lay the hard smooth surface of the cane across Julie's belly,
her stomach muscles tightening as she felt the cool rigid length of terror.

"No...noooooo..please.....no....." screamed Julie, her mind a terrorised mass of
emotions at what she knew was coming.  "Pleeeeease not there......I'll do what
you want, I will....I will..."

Ignoring her pathetic cries, William drew back the instrument and, with the full
force of his young frame, lashed it down to slash a wickedly painful cut
bisecting her navel hollow. 

"Aaaaiiiiiieeeeeeee." Julie yelled, as she felt the stinging pain of the strike
course through her body, her senses being overwhelmed by the pain in her belly. 
With little delay, William then continued to beat the helpless woman's flesh
until the entire surface, from just below her thrusting breasts to about an inch
from her pubic bone, was covered in vivid red welts of torment.

At this point, Julie was on the verge of fainting, or so she thought, but the
efficiency of the drug caused her to remain conscious and thus unable to sink
into a wished for oblivion.

"I will......I will.....do....it please, please no more no more......." begged
Julie.

Julie had wanted to tell him no, but her pain-filled body caused her to
reconsider.  She felt her resolve weaken even further as she continued to writhe
under the force of the cane strokes and she also felt a sense of humiliation
grow deep in her being.  She had never felt to utterly helpless in her life. 
Her voice still cracking from the sobs that wracked her she repeated his words.

"Your slave awaits your pleasure, her tits, her cunt and her ass are for your
use," she sobbed, then the 'hated' word choked out her, "Master."

When William heard Julie's capitulation to his demands, his chest swelled with
pride.  This was his first success at mastering a woman, other than the
pre-conditioned seventeen year olds at the school.  He felt pride at his
achievement and this was accompanied by a growing confidence at mastering the
twenty-three year old Julie.

William's lust flared as he felt his burgeoning cock grow and he was tempted to
have the woman again, there and then.  However, he decided to progress slowly,
gradually forcing Julie to accept the humiliation he intended to pile upon her.

William looked deep into Julie's tear filled eyes, as she hung from the chains
holding her arms aloft.  His hand reached out to grasp one of her thrusting
breast globes and caressed the sweet smoothness, before travelling down to feel
the heat emanating from the red stripes of agony marking her lower torso.

"That's better, slave. You will soon learn respect and, if you don't learn quick
enough, there are far worse things than this that can happen," said William as
he heard Julie's repetition of the words.  "Now, we will go to the Leisure Club
to explore the amenities in the gym, as I intend to test your stamina."

The fact that Julie would be totally naked in front of all the residents of
Brookdale as she walked with him to the Club, gave William the opportunity to
cause her severe humiliation and for her subjection to him to become public
knowledge. 

William released Julie from her bonds, clipping a short leather leash to a ring
on her neck collar and, after allowing her a few minutes respite to recover her
strength; William led Julie from basement and out of the house into the
township.

Julie was still in a state of shock and fear over the events that had just
transpired.  Although her 'rational' self rebelled at the lack of humanity in
her treatment, the pain from the whipping reminded her that William was the one
in control.  Humiliated, her eyes remained down towards the ground as she was
led about like little more then a dog on an early walk with its owner.

With Julie in tow behind him William walked along the path leading from his home
towards the nearby Leisure Centre, which housed a fully equipped gymnasium. 
Just as he was passing the post office where several residents stood chatting,
he spotted a Warden walking towards him.  Deciding that it would be interesting
to test Julie, he instructed her that she must adopt the posture that she had
learned in the basement and repeat the same phrases addressed, in this case to
the Warden.

~Oh god why is this happening to me~ Julie agonized as William ordered back into
the position he made her assume in the basement.  She could feel her colour rise
in shame and embarrassment and salty tears well in her eyes, as she was ordered
to repeat those horrid words in front of the passers-by.

Looking up into the face of the Warden, Julie's obeyed William's instruction. 
"Your slave awaits your pleasure, her tits, her cunt and her ass are for your
use, Master."  Her voice cracked as she fought back the tears of humiliation
that slid down her cheeks.

~I hate him~ she screamed mentally to herself ~He is a horrid, horrid man.  Oh
god. why did I agree to this?~

The Warden looked down at the kneeling figure of Julie and listened to the words
she uttered offering him the full use of her body.  In addition, a couple of
elderly men also heard her offer. "Should the Warden not have time, I am sure
that we can oblige young man." Said one of the older men, laughing to his
companion.

However, the Warden decided that he would take up the opportunity that she
presented, as he was aware that this would also be a sort of humiliation
exercise that her Master was making her undertake.

"Feel free to make use of her." William offered. "She is only some worthless
slut begging on her knees to be used."

The Warden ordered Julie to release his gradually stiffening cock from the
confines of his uniform and, after she had complied with his order, to suck his
shaft between her sweet lips and bring him to a climax, making sure that she
swallowed every drop of his cum.

William stood watching Julie's actions in the knowledge that she was being
humiliated before him and that when he came to enjoy the use of her body again,
she would remember the power he held over her.

Julie felt her stomach churned sickly.  She couldn't do this.  This was sheer
madness.  Her eyes shining with unshed tears; she begged softly, "Please don't
make me do this.  Not here."

William became extremely angry at Julie's reluctance to obey his orders
concerning the Warden, and slapped the kneeling woman hard across the face
several times, knocking her head back and forth with the severity of the blows.

"So, the thrashings you have just had still does not appear to have convinced
you, woman," shouted William.  "You have one more chance to do as instructed. 
Failure will mean that I will need to resort to far more severe punishments to
get you to realise that your feelings count for nothing, you are a simply here
for my pleasure."

The sudden blows to her face caused stars to shoot in Julie's skull and her ears
to ring.  Her unshed tears began to flow heavily with each slap.  She found
herself cowering back from him, but the grip on the leash prevented her from
avoiding the blows.

"Well done, youngster" came the comment from the older men, who had stopped to
watch the demonstration of Julie's degradation.

Sobbing, Julie took the Warden's turgid member into her mouth.  A flush of shame
and humiliation caused her skin to redden some as she began sucking and licking
the Warden's cock.  All to aware of the two men and passers-by, she worked at
focusing on her efforts.  Closing off her mind to all outside elements she put
herself someplace else.  Her previous experiences of oral sex had been done in a
loving and peaceful environment with previous lovers, not in a public street, in
daylight with other people going about their business.

~oh the horror of it.....why...why did she agree to this?~

However, realising that the quicker she brought the Warden to a climax, the
earlier she would be able to rise from her knees, Julie was soon taking the
Warden far into her throat, her tongue caressing the head and probing the small
hole, tasting the forming droplets of precum.  Faster and faster her head bobbed
and then the cock in her mouth jerked once or twice.  There was a burst of hot,
salty semen shot into her mouth and Julie swallowed it.

Feeling the Warden's cock begin to soften in her mouth, Julie released him and
remained kneeling where she was.  Her tears streamed down her cheeks as she felt
a greater shame at herself for the act she had just completed.

A smile of cruel delight appeared upon William's features as he saw the tears
streaming down Julie's cheeks.  The fact that one of her earliest acts of a
sexual nature as a slave in Brookdale, had been so public and humiliating for
her, and gave an added zest to William's determination to enjoy her to the full. 

"Now slave, you will thank the man for the honour of allowing you to take and
swallow his seed, and make sure that you do it with sincerity so choose your
words carefully, unless you wish to feel the bite of the cane or whip."  William
ordered.

Julie shuddered in fear at his words.

~Oh god, I'm actually afraid of this maniac.  God I swear if I get out of this
alive, I'll never try to steal again.  Please give me strength~ She prayed
silently.

To the Warden she said obediently, her tears renewed by the increased
humiliation of the situation, "Th..this slave thanks you for the honour of being
given your seed.  Th..this slave is truly grateful."

William decided that her thanks showed suitable respect to the Warden and, with
a tug on the leash brought Julie from her kneeling position to stand before him. 
After her wrists were clipped to her collar, she was forced to follow William as
he walked towards the centre of the complex. 

As William entered the Leisure Centre, he noticed that his progress was being
observed by a number of other patrons and some were also accompanied by their
personal slaves.  Certain slaves were dressed, but others were in a state of
complete nakedness. However, the collars fitted snugly around their necks
distinguished them as slaves. 

One of the guests, a man in his late forties who was sat on a sun bed called to
him.

"Good to see a woman in her true place, naked behind her master," the man
commented.  "What else have you planned for her?"

"I'm taking her to the exercise room for a workout," replied William.  "I like
to see them sweat as they are put through their paces.  Would you like to
watch?"

"I may call in later," replied the guest.  William nodded and left the man to
enjoy his own form of entertainment which, at that moment involved his fingers
playing with soft moist lips of one of the Club's naked waitresses.  However,
not the pouty lips that concealed her brilliant white teeth, but the lips
guarding the entrance to her cunt, as she stood writhing slightly her legs well
apart, alongside his chair.

Julie was stunned on seeing the various the acts being committed in full public
view but she felt an unwanted moist heat building in her loins, as she watched
the waitress being fondled by the guest.  She felt her spirit slowly being
crushed by the degrading way she was being treated.  Where once she felt a
raging contempt and hate for William, was replaced by just an overwhelming
desire to escape him.  To be as far away from the perversions that he seemed to
delight in.

She quickly dropped her eyes and flushed crimson with embarrassment.  There was
a tug on her leash as William continued his walk.  Too soul sick to fight him
anymore, she obediently followed his lead.

On arrival at the exercise centre, William inspected the equipment available
that included treadmills, exercise bikes, step machines, cross trainers and
rowing machines all designed to put the body through it's paces or, in the case
of slaves, for agony to be inflicted.

"We'll start with a warm up session, woman," said William.  "See those backpacks
over there."  He pointed to a stack of small rucksacks in the corner of the gym. 
They looked like ordinary rucksacks, but these were special.  Each contained a
weight of 50lbs and, in addition to the normal shoulder straps there was a long
thin strap dangling from the bottom of the rucksacks.

"Come here and I will put this on for you." William instructed Julie and he
lifted the rucksack.  Julie swallowed but moved obediently towards William, her
only hope was that he would tire soon of tormenting her and release her from the
nightmare.

When Julie had the rucksack on her back, she discovered the use for the thin
strap, which William pulled between her thighs so tightly, that it cut into the
lips of her sex, bisecting them.

"You will now march across the gym, knees raised so that your thighs are
parallel to the floor, back straight in double quick time until I tell you to
stop."  William instructed Julie.  "If I feel that you are lacking in effort or
you are too slow, then you'll feel this across your hide," he said, waving a
leather riding whip crop about 5 feet long before her eyes.

Julie fought back the urge to cry out as the strap cut into her sex.  Even not
moving, it rubbed her clit and was causing a 'different' form of discomfort. 
Her humiliation was growing by the seconds.  What would this man not do to crush
her spirit?  She looked at him, her eyes pleading with him not to make her do
this.  She shivered in fear at the riding crop, remembering the feel of the cane
across her backside and her belly earlier.  She didn't know if she could take
another lashing or not. 

Softly she replied, "Yes Master."

Julie turned and proceeded to do as she was told.  The strap between her legs
rubbed against her clit, stimulating it as it cut deep into her sex.  She tried
to focus on what she was doing and ignore the overwhelming stimulation, except
she wasn't sure how long she would be able to keep this up before she would
succumb to sensations flooding her body.  But she moved back and forth quickly,
hating every moment. The shame and humiliation growing, she found herself
wanting to plead with him to show her some mercy.

William watched as Julie marched away from him across the gym, her back straight
loaded with the 50llbs pack a set of swinging hips and joggling buttocks
beneath.  As she came towards him, her breasts swinging and bouncing, he could
see the strain upon her face as she felt the strap cutting into her cunt with
its unwelcome attentions to her clit.

"Let's have those arms swinging to shoulder height from now on," said William. 
"You will carry on marching for another 10 minutes and then you may have a
break, woman," William continued.  He was well aware that Julie would be feeling
the effects of the rubbing of the leather strap on her cunt, and he watched to
see if she was able to control the onset of an orgasm.




CHAPTER NINE

Whilst Julie Jones was commencing her stamina training under the watchful eye of
William, James was continuing to enjoy the submission of Becca.  After each
stroke, James had watched her with evident pleasure, as she performed her dance
of pain to the accompaniment of her own pitiful cries and sobs. How he enjoyed
the sight of her naked body reacting before him, her plump breasts bouncing, her
sweet body squirming so erotically as she danced her hopping, skipping, jig of
agony.

Then hearing her sobbing, he saw her reposition her aching bottom, sticking it
out, ready for the next descent of his stinging cane to land across her
defenceless cheeks.  She made ready for another whistling swish and it's cut
would bite into Becca's poor bottom and then he would wait as another gasping
yell of pain would be forced from her sweet lips as she again uttered her
request for further strokes of the wicked implement of pain. James could see the
intensity of her efforts to comply with his orders accompanied by the shivering
apprehension she displayed, as she thrust out her bottom that must be aching
with the burning pain of the previous strokes.

Hearing Becca's sobbing and watching the way her shoulders shook as she
attempted to control the agony of his strokes, James allowed a smile to cross
his features.  ~She is really beginning to feel it now ~.  His fingers traced
across the vivid red welts of torment and he revelled in her pain.

It was already feeling like forever with the agony she felt as she awaited the
next strike.  Becca continued her gentle sobs, trying to contain them,
determined to hold as much of it in as she could.

Letting Becca wait, James reached out his hand and again ran his fingers slowly
over the raised, angry livid weals that crossed the soft cheeks of her ass.

Suddenly she felt his fingers on the fresh welts.  The sound she made was pained
but with an element of pleasure as she felt the touch could only be some sort of
admiration for the work he had done.  Becca felt pride for taking what James had
dealt her so far as his fingers burned into her.  She could tell the marks were
hard, and could imagine, without turning her head to look at herself in one of
the reflex ions, that the lines must be brilliant against her paler, unmarked
skin between them.

~ Shall I continue to lay it across the curve of her bottom, or should the rod
be visited on those soft areas of her upper thighs where the skin was alabaster
white and, as yet, unblemished by cuts of the cruel rod. ~ Thought James.

James tapped the rod against Becca's naked flesh, but this time instead of the
rondures of her ass, the whalebone length caressed the soft skin of the crease
between her buttocks and the start of her thighs.

~ Yes, if I can lay several strokes into this most tender of spots, I'll have
her dancing and begging for mercy. ~

"Remember to maintain your position, woman."  James addressed Becca. "Make sure
that I hear your thanks and request for the next stripe clearly." 

~ Such great pleasure can be derived out of making the submissive woman suffer
so severely that she sometimes finds it hard to maintain concentration on the
tasks set her!!! ~

Flinching again as the rod tapped lightly, lower on uncharted areas, Becca
realized James would inflict this punishment beyond her buttocks.  The thoughts
made her dizzy and pulled an additional moan as she felt the cane touching her. 
She was already close to pleading for it to end, but the need to prove herself
to him kept her from doing so.  Tears trickled down from her eyes slow but heavy
as she wrestled with the need for her punishment to end.

"Yes Master . . . position . . . thanks . . . request.  Your slave will do .. .
All you wish."  Becca whispered in a broken voice then unwittingly tensed as she
felt the rod again.  This punishment was far worse than the pain she had felt
when her ankle had been broken in a fall a few years back. This never faded; at
least it was too soon for it to fade.  Only a bright sting.  That and what she
was supposed to achieve for him was on her mind.

James glanced into the mirrored wall and relished the reflection of the naked
woman, bent before him the cane tapping slowly at that most sensitive of spots
where her thighs met the outward curve of her bottom cheeks.  He watched the
soft flesh quivering as she reacted to the touch of the whalebone rod, and saw
the wet tears tracing their way across her face.

"Master . . . please, may your slave have a rest?"  She asked suddenly.  The
words were out of her mouth before she could stop them.  The pain was intense,
it seemed logical to Becca that she would deserve a break for a moment instead
of the relentless strikes that came too quickly despite the anticipation she
felt keenly between them.  "Please Master, I can barely stand . . ." she
muttered breathlessly yet still held the position, her backside high and ready. 
She wanted to drop; she was exhausted and exhilarated at the same time.  All of
it was a weight on her mind that she was beginning to have trouble bearing.

The stuttered request for a further stroke was music to James's ears, but then
the effect was ruined by her heart-felt plea for a rest from the infliction of
pain.

"What was that?" James questioned, looking down at Becca's backside still so
abjectly positioned for the next stripe of the rod.  "You are requesting a
break, when you have not even received half of the allotted strokes.  I thought
that you were intent on discovering your submission and here you are begging for
respite, after so short a
time."

Becca's cheeks, already flushed with the mixture of feelings and pain coursing
through her, seemed to turn crimson as she felt shame for the request she made. 
She never broke position, a silent testament that she would endure all he would
give her as long as her legs would hold her.  She fully realized that what he
had said was entirely true; the additional strokes above and beyond her allotted
punishment were not even an issue.  On the heels of this thought was the
knowledge she would most likely have to endure even more before it was over. 
Becca sobbed openly at these thoughts, feeling like a failure in James's eyes
but there was no way to retrieve her request.

James thought, ~ A break now may prove beneficial, as she is obviously unused to
suffering pain to this extent. ~

"Very well, woman."  James responded.  "I will allow you a 10 minute rest before
continuing.  However, in view of your failure you will be required to suffer
additional punishment.  Prior to repeating the six strokes again across your
ass, you will receive across the palms of each hand, two additional cuts of the
rod.  Failure to offer and maintain your hands available for the cane will
result in the strokes being applied to the inside of your upper thighs."

After waiting a short time to allow the import of his words to register with
Becca, James allowed her to sit down on the floor to assist in her recovery.

Becca listened with growing apprehension and regret as he informed her of what
she would pay as a price for rest.  Sinking to her knees, Becca did not put her
striped cheeks to the ground, as she knew it would only hurt. Instead she turned
and laid her wet cheek to his foot.   "Thank you Master. Thank you for allowing
me . . . your slave to rest."  she murmured.  "She will take the cane on her
hands as the extra penalty."  Becca spoke openly, almost without thought.  There
she remained, slowly gaining control of her tears during the time her Master
allowed her. She was afraid that on top of the strokes to her palms, she would
now have to start over again with the original punishment, the way he had worded
it lead her to believe that and caused her to shudder in anticipation.

The rest time quickly passed and it seemed only moments until James ordered
Becca to kneel and to raise her right arm out in front of her, with the palm of
her hand uppermost, just level with her shoulders.

As commanded, Becca knelt up, only after placing a kiss to the top of his foot. 
She positioned herself as ordered and held the trembling hand out, her left hand
laying facing upwards on her thigh.  Her head was high but her eyes lowered. 
Becca's breasts were thrust forward as she arched her back, while raising her
tender buttocks off her heels to avoid aggravating the welts.  Her nipples were
hard and showed that she was feeling more than just pain.  She was barely aware
of the arousal that remained as her body took the pain and fear, blending it
with the feelings her submission gave her.

Positioning the rod so that it lay across her pink palm, James raised the weapon
up to his eye level and then brought it whistling down to slash across the
offered hand, cutting viciously into the tender skin of her soft hand.

Becca's eyes were on her hand as she held it still, awaiting the cut of the
whalebone.  One second it lay, seeming harmless across her palm.  The next it
was slashing down across the soft skin, biting into her soft inner palm deeply. 
Becca could not hold back the scream, her head falling back as the noise was
torn from her throat.  The weight of the hit forced her arm down but she lifted
it back into position, her left hand coming up to grip her wrist around the cuff
that circled it. 

Her eyes were clenched tight as the scream faded into a series of hiccupping
sobs.  She opened them quickly, the blue of her irises shocking with the redness
surrounding her eyes.  She watched in fascination as the welt rose on her skin,
first white then staining her palm with an angry looking weal.

Controlling her sobs, Becca fell into whimpering and repeated the litany she was
obligated to.  "Your slave thanks you Master, she deserves this punishment and
begs for . . . the next strike."  Still holding her right wrist in her left
hand, Becca glanced up to James's face to gauge, if she could, what he might
think of her display so far.

James's eyes glinted with sadistic relish as he watched Becca's determined
attempts to comply with his orders.  He saw her shoulder muscles tense as she
endeavoured to present her hand for the next inevitable stripe of the whalebone
rod. It was quite clear that it was taking all her willpower to offer her pink
palm for torture.

~ After that first stroke, was she reminded of just how painful this form of
punishment was, not to speak of the humiliation of being beaten as a child might
be at school. ~

James saw how the weal rose thick and red across her palm and Becca's whole hand
seemed swollen and inflamed.

"Make sure that you maintain your hand available for the cane."

Becca felt incredibly small as she knelt before her Master, her hand out as she
waited for her punishment to continue.  Her entire arm was aching from the
reverberations of the first hit to her palm.  The throbbing echoing the stripes
on her backside.  She wanted to throw herself down and beg for it to end; yet
just the thought brought her shame; she needed to be strong. 

With these ominous words, James raised the length of torment again, but this
time paused holding the whalebone switch just above the proffered palm.  He
gazed down into Becca's eyes and saw there the evidence of the effort that the
kneeling woman was making.

~ She must really desire to become the slave she professes to be. To witness the
determination in the naked woman was a joy and an experience to be truly
relished. ~

Deciding that there was only so much pleasure he could wring from the moment,

James lifted the whalebone switch back over his right shoulder and slashed
downwards, the cane biting deep into the palm of Becca's right hand leaving
another vivid weal at the base of her fingers, about one inch from the previous
stroke. 

As James raised the cane, Becca reflexively cringed.  She had to fight to not
pull her hand away and stared up fearfully as he held the whalebone ready to
strike.  A moment later a second stripe was added to her palm.  Becca cried out
and bent forward, leaning her arm on her thighs. 

The pain was so bright, it almost seemed worse than the lashes to her ass cheeks
but this was fresh and visible, playing with her mind.  Her cries faded into
injured sobs as she struggled to force the required words from her throat

"Stupid woman," said James his voice heavy with sarcasm.  "Cannot you do
anything right?  Well you know what's coming next!!"

Realising that she had her failed to obey the instruction not to break her
position, Becca's body shook with terror and she cried out "Please....please
Sir..Don't whip me there!! I beg you...."

"I will deal with your additional penalty when you have taken the cuts to your
left hand, foolish girl." James informed the kneeling figure that was kneeling
beseechingly mercy before him.

Without delay, James then ordered Becca to display her unmarked left hand for
the vicious cut of the whalebone switch, knowing the effort that she would need
to position her hand, sticking it out, ready for a new stripe of the stinging
cane to land across her defenceless palm.

As he waited for the kneeling woman to comply, James lightly tapped the cane
across his own palm and imagined the intense pain that Becca was suffering.

 "Thank you Master . . . for having the patience to . . . teach your slave what
is required."  Becca whimpered and lifted her left hand into position.  She was
struck by the image of him standing naked as he tapped the cane across his palm
when she looked up again.  "You slave wishes the next blow."  She finally
whispered.

Her fresh hand hung in the air, shaking badly.  Becca wondered how she would be
able to handle anything with her hands after this and swore again to do better. 
But it was better to concentrate on finishing this punishment first, to keep her
courage to hold her hand out.  It had already failed and she realised that more
strikes to her tender inner thighs would be coming next.

James listened to Becca's entreaty and marvelled at the effort she made to
request the next stroke of the cane across her unmarked left hand.

Wishing to draw out the process and also to emphasise his mastery over Becca,
James lowered the whalebone switch underneath Becca's hand and, tapping sharply
upwards, he said. "Let me see that hand raised high and offered properly for the
stroke."

James waited for Becca to comply with his order and then, after lifting the cane
on high, he brought it swiftly down to slash across the pristine palm. The
stroke mirrored the first cut to her right hand, and a vivid weal began to form
over the fullness of her hand.

Watching Becca's reaction to the vicious cut of the cane, James felt a stirring
in his belly and, looking down he saw the physical manifestation of his
response. His member displayed a rigid stiffness and the moist tip quivered
before the gaze of the naked kneeling woman.  Taking the base of his shaft
between his thumb and forefinger, he slowly caressed its length towards the
bulbous head that emerged from his foreskin and reflected on the power he held
over Becca.

~Should I indulge myself and have her again place it within the soft warm
confines of her mouth to suck and caress with her silken tongue? But no, there
will be pleasures to be had using her mouth in the future, now let us
concentrate on the matter in hand and ensure that she remembers this session
well. ~ 

"Let me hear your request, girl." James instructed.  "And after this next
stroke, we can get back to the business in hand." James laughed softly at his
pun and he continued.

"Remember, if you break position again or fail in your efforts, the inside of
your upper thighs will be feel eight cuts of this instrument."

Becca gasped as James brought the cane down and tapped the back of her upturned
hand.  "Yes Master."  She said quickly and raised her hand higher than before,
level with her eyes, which she quickly cast down.

A moment later her clear hand erupted with the brilliant sting of the switch. 
She made a valiant effort to keep herself from screaming fully again, as her
hand dropped down.  It was a failed attempt.  Her face screwed up into a grimace
of pain as her body followed her hand, until she rested on both elbows on the
floor.

It felt as if she had been hit a dozen times at various parts of her body.  Her
hands throbbed miserably her palms stinging from the welts raised and outwards
to her fingers as well as back and deep into her arms.  Becca lost herself for a
moment as she stared through her tears down at her hands.  Her breathing coming
in quick deep breaths as she tried to will herself to continue.  Each strike had
brought her closer to new pleas for mercy.

Sniffling, she finally raised herself up and raised her hand high again.  Her
fingers twitched and she whimpered as she tried to hold it steady.  She had
missed the sight of James stroking himself but was very aware of his erection as
a visible indicator to the pleasure he was taking in her suffering.  This was
comforting to her but barely so.

"Yes Master."  She replied softly and took in a deep breath to steady herself. ~
Why did I not choose to be bound for punishment? ~ She thought dismally and made
a gentle sobbing noise again as she heard his soft laugh.

"Thank you Master.  Your slave awaits the next stroke."  It was not as artful as
her past declarations but Becca was quickly losing the place of mind to find the
right words.  She only wanted it all to be done and fought to hold her hand
steady as it kept dropping down a few inches.  She did not wish to feel even
more of the whalebone striking her inner thighs and was determined to please him
by avoiding additional punishment.  She only hoped that she would be able to
keep her hand in place once the cane was en-route to her hand.

"Keep that hand up, woman." James instructed Becca as he noticed that her
offered palm had dropped slightly. "If you fail, you'll feel this cane slicing
into soft inner thigh flesh eight times instead of four."

James raised the switch up above Becca's hand and brought it crashing down with
the full power of his arm, to smash across her left palm raising another vivid
weal of torment.

A second later, and the punishment was finished.  Becca was again bent low to
the floor, her wounded hands flat on the ground before her as she mewled in
agony after the scream she had been unable to hold in.

Stepping back, James gave Becca little time to recover from the ordeal of having
her hands caned,

"Now we will deal with your failure to maintain the correct position by visiting
your inner thighs with this little instrument." James commented, waving the slim
whalebone switch before Becca's tear filled eyes. "It will now be my pleasure to
punish you for that fault," said James as he pulled Becca off her knees by the
simple expedient of gripping her hair in his right fist.

James took hold of Becca's left hand in his firm grip, crushing the badly
swollen palm with sadistic delight.  "Come, let us not delay in completing your
request."

He then lead Becca over to a metal triangle, some 8 feet high at the apex and
with a base 5 feet in length set into the floor of the basement.  At each
corner, there were suitable restraints to make secure wrists and ankles.  The
unit would be invaluable for any occupier of the house wishing to chastise their
slaves.

James swiftly fixed her bracelet 'd' rings to the top of the contraption and
secured her ankle bracelets to the restraints at the base spreading Becca's legs
wide.  Thus, the naked figure of Becca was openly available to whatever James
wanted to do.

Retrieving the leather crop in his right hand, James proceeded to flick the end
of the weapon several times lightly across the soft flesh of Becca's left inner
thigh, about 2 inches above her knee joint.  He watched with a wicked glint in
his eye, the muscles flexing under her smooth soft skin as her futile attempts
to close her legs met with no success.

Lifting the switch back over his left shoulder, James brought the wicked
instrument of pain down sharply to cut into Becca's thigh flesh just about the
spot that had received the touch of the switch.

There was a slight pause before Becca's shrill scream echoed around the room as
James watched the thin switch cut into the straining flesh and the white stripe
quickly fill with red.

"Please, please Master....I'm sorry.....please no more!!  I beg you please ...no
more." Becca sobbed, her tears streaming down her cheeks as she tried to absorb
the awful torment of the stroke. The room echoed with Becca's cries for mercy
but the walls were as receptive as James and he studiously ignored her sobbing
requests for relief.

The tethered body of Becca squirmed and writhed on the triangle as, with little
delay and using his skill as a tennis player, he performed a perfect forehand
stroke as he slashed the rod into her right thigh at the same level.  Becca
attempted to absorb the excruciating pain lancing through the soft intimate
flesh of her inner thighs.  With scarcely a seconds thought, James performed
another backhand and the whalebone switch cut deep into the soft thigh flesh
about 2 inches from her spread labial lips.  He watched the cane sink deep into
her yielding inner right thigh to mirror the previous cut.

James stepped back so that he could appreciate the widespread posture imposed on
Becca, as her legs were held taut by the ankle bracelets fixed to the metal
triangle.  His eyes glinted with pleasure as he looked upon the two angry
parallel welts that now decorated each of Becca's inner thighs.

Releasing Becca from her stringent bondage James said.  "Now we have some
unfinished business with your backside, woman so we will recommence with the
caning.  I recall that, in view of your request for a break, I decided that you
would have start at the beginning with all six strokes to come!!! Do you still
feel confident that you will be able to dispense with any restraints, or will
you request to be pinioned whilst you receive 12 strokes instead?"




CHAPTER TEN

After she was released from the metal triangle, Becca's hands were at first
tempted to go to her thighs in an effort to relieve the intense burning pain
from the welts left by the switch, but she resisted for she surmised that James
would be happy to impose more punishment for such an action.  With a tremendous
effort of will, Becca managed to control her next urge to drop to the floor and
prostrate herself before James and beg for mercy.  Instead, with her heart
thumping and hot wet tears dribbling down her cheeks, she again adopted a
kneeling position before James, her throbbing hands clasped behind her neck.

James was speaking and Becca was barely certain of what he was saying.  All she
knew was that she had six blows to receive.  But her mind caught up quickly.  ~
Is it an offer or a tease to be bound?  Twelve . . . I cannot bear twelve! ~ 
She remained in turmoil for a moment, quivering from the pain that spread
through her.  Finally she sat up on her knees, about to request to be bound for
fear she would not remain in place for an additional six strokes.

James stood looking at Becca as she remained kneeling before his imposing
figure, her naked body shaking and quivering as she attempted to control the
pain of that last cut, her eyes watering with her warm tears.  He was waiting
for Becca's answer to his question as to whether she would be able to take more
cuts to her bottom without restraint.  However, on seeing the naked woman adopt
her abject position, James suddenly changed his mind.

"On reflection, I have decided that I am in need of some relief before we
continue with the matter."  James gestured to his quivering length of manhood
sticking out from his lower belly.  "Get those sweet lips of yours around your
ultimate Master, and show how much you desire to please me.  In addition, I
desire to feel the hot glow from those weals upon your hands, so I want you hold
the back of my thighs as you offer your obeisance."

Becca was cringing as she knelt before James, her palms scorched by the cruel
cuts of the cane, her inner thighs quivering with agony and torment. Things were
not going quite as she had imagined.  In her fantasies she had been perfect and
never required punishment of any kind.  Now she was on her third, and still had
to finish her first. 

Becca sniffled as she looked up to her Master as he spoke again.  It would mean
rest to service him and it was not a choice she was being given.  Gratefully,
Becca crawled forward on her knees.  "Thank you Master, your slave wishes only
to please you."  She murmured and bent low to kiss his feet quickly to show her
gratitude further. 

Straightening again, Becca gingerly wrapped her hands around to hold his thighs,
wincing for the added aggravation to her welts.  Without needing to be told a
second time she took the head of his cock between her lips and pulled him into
her warm mouth. 

The burning imprints of the cane served as a reminder to prevent her from
hesitating in any form.  Becca sucked deeply as she took as much of his length
into her mouth as she was able.  Her tongue worked over the underside, rubbing
slightly as she endeavoured to satisfy him.  Her aching hands pressed tightly to
the backs of his thighs reflexively twitched and pulled soft noises from her
throat showing the continuing ache of her wounds.

As before, Becca peeked to the side and into the mirrored closet door to one
side.  She could see herself easily and it returned the same erotic feeling to
her mind.  The difference this time was the marks upon her backside.  Four red
lines, not pink, but vividly red.  She closed her eyes to the powerful image and
continued the strong suckling of his member.

James gazed down on Becca's nakedness as she grovelled and kissed his feet and
he took in the sight of the four weals that crossed her buttocks.

~ Soon that backside will be decorated with more lines of torment, but how many? 
Would she go for the extra twelve cuts, with the security that she would be
restrained and thus prevent any adverse physical actions? Well, I'll wait and
see. ~

Feeling Becca's sore and tender palms pressing against the backs of his thighs,
James revelled in the subjugation of the woman.  He sighed as the tip of his
member was taken between Becca's soft sweet lips, and his contentment grew on
feeling the rest of his cock enter the moist warm confines of her mouth.  His
hands rested lightly on Becca's head, his fingers gently running through her
chestnut brown hair and down to her shoulders, whilst he could feel the warmth
of her breath on his belly as her bobbing head engulfed his length.

Becca felt differently than she had before her punishment had begun.  She had
been eager from the beginning, but it was as if the imprint of the whalebone in
her flesh doubled that feeling.  The pain was bright, like nothing she had ever
felt before but as she worked to bring her Master pleasures she savoured her
first lesson and felt her own sort of pleasure.  The gentle touch to her hair
helped her to calm further and she began to truly enjoy the feeling of his
member in her mouth.

"Whilst you are engaged upon this pleasant task, think carefully of your next
decision, woman." James spoke in a soft tone, but one full of menace.  "Will you
be able to cope with a further six strokes, unrestrained?"

She wanted to be able to take the strokes without restraint but Becca knew
better what was before her still.  The intense agony that would be doled out
would leave her crumpled and only incur further punishment for not holding
position.  She had no endurance for pain and now feared it greatly.  Becca knew
her choice and was grateful for being allowed the chance to request being bound.

As he enjoyed the continuing ministrations of Becca's tongue and sucking lips,
James could feel the desire to spurt his essence into the throat of the naked
and abject Becca who knelt before him.  Taking a firmer grip on her hair,
twisting the shoulder length tresses in his fingers, he began to force the pace
of Becca's actions.  James felt the head of his member touch the back of Becca's
throat and his churning loins began to push his milky white cum up to the tip of
his raging cock.

With a cry of undisguised pleasure, James erupted and gouts of his jism coated
Becca's mouth and throat as his cock throbbed and quivered. 

Becca knew that this time her Master would enjoy her to completion.  The sudden
grip on her hair was an indicator of that.  It was as if she was more aware than
ever of the different sensations.  She felt his staff grow more rigid as James
increased her pace with his hold and gagged slightly as the head brushed the
back of her throat.  Her sore hands held his thighs more tightly as she fought
to maintain her composure and focus solely on pleasing him.

Then it began.  The flood came with his yell.  Now Becca's focus was narrowed to
concentrate on the hot fluid that filled her mouth and coated her throat.  It
was difficult to swallow, as he still filled her mouth but somehow Becca managed
it, to a certain extent.  Eventually, James felt his excitement subside and he
allowed his wilting member to drop from the lips of the kneeling figure of
Becca.  As his cock slid wetly from her lips, she groaned softly, swallowing
again the sticky fluid as James wiped himself against her face.  She looked up
to her Master, her lips forming a smile displaying her contentment at bringing
James such oral pleasure, as she raised the back of her hand to wipe at her
cheek and nose.

James had keenly watched the kneeling woman as she coped with his essence when
it erupted into the warm confines of her willing mouth.  He saw the slick
streams that traced their way across her face, and took in the gesture as her
hand wiped the sticky fluid from her cheek.

"Lick it up, woman." James ordered. "You will never waste any of my cum, but
consume it with relish and appreciation."

Becca was still dealing with the texture and flavour of what had filled her
mouth as this new order came out.  "Yes Master."  Becca continued to look up at
James until the back of her hand was before her lips.  Then as ordered, she
licked over the back of her trembling hand so as not to miss any of his seed.

As Becca eagerly licked the jism from her hand, James then stepped back and
addressed the kneeling figure.  "Have you decided on the question posed to you
earlier?  I await your answer with anticipation of more enjoyment to come."

"Yes Master.  Your slave has decided."  She said softly.  "She wishes to be
restrained Master.  Your slave fears she will disappoint you if she tries to
hold position and fails."  Becca remained on her knees looking up into James's
eyes hopefully.  Her own still puffed from crying.  Slowly she leaned forward
and rests her head to his knee.  "It hurts too much to do it on my own."  She
whispered, her voice barely audible but still pleading.

Hearing Becca's words of pleading, James allowed a smile to cross his saturnine
features.  ~ So the woman has realised what tremendous self-control is necessary
before she can become the slave that she wishes to be. ~

Instructing Becca to stand, James "Come, then let us not delay in completing
your request."

James led the naked Becca across the hard floor of the basement until she stood
before a metal framework similar to the parallel bars used by gymnast.  However,
the vertical supports of this unit were height adjustable by use of a system of
hydraulics below the floor, and the horizontal bars were fitted with hooks set
in the metal every six inches along the length. 

Using a remote control unit, James altered the height of the parallel bars so
that the front one was level with the front of Becca's upper thighs, whilst the
rear set remained at the height of Becca's shoulders. 

"Get yourself across that," James instructed Becca and he pushed her against the
cold unyielding strength of the front bar.  "Lean forward and under the back
one, so that your shoulders are pressed against the pole." James continued. 
"Now reach out sideways with your arms and take hold of the bar."  Whilst
waiting for Becca to comply, James made ready to fix the clip rings on Becca's
bracelets to the hooks on the bar.

Fluttering had begun deep in Becca's stomach at the idea of being bound.  She
was both frightened and excited to be restrained for the first time.  The
concept had always fascinated her.  Still, Becca was painfully aware of the
reason she was being cuffed.  Her punishment was not finished, at least now she
would have no place to move when the pain became too great.

The contraption was odd, something Becca had never seem before, in this sense. 
She looked at it warily until she was pushed forward and into the lower bar.  It
dug in, cold and unbending.  Becca whimpered softly as goose bumps rippled over
her flesh.

She did exactly as told and precariously leaned over the bar.  It dug in more to
her upper thighs with her body pulling forward to get under the second bar.  She
reached her arms straight out from her sides and completed the positioning by
grasping the bar.  She did not squeeze her hands closed but held herself
lightly.  The cold metal soothed the burning welts and surrounding flesh of each
palm but she whimpered still for the pressure, as light as it was. 

Unconsciously, Becca was on her toes as she held the position.  Her striped
buttocks jutting out behind her inviting the stroke of the cane, once her Master
had secured her.  Her legs were slightly apart and left her sex visible as well
as the tiny rosebud of her anus.  The labia glistened with moisture that Becca
was totally unaware of.  Her hanging breasts jiggled slightly as she took long
steadying breaths while she waited, the same mixture of fear and excitement now
raging in her.  Already she felt she could deal with anything if she were held
in place for it. 

~ That is not the way I should think . . . I need to work at keeping myself in
position and not relying on bondage.  But it does give a delicious sort of
distraction to the pain. ~  Becca was barely aware that she had in fact calmed
considerably once she was in position.

As James watched Becca obey his command, he appreciated how the strict posture
of the bars thrust Becca's breasts into prominence as if begging to be caressed,
by hand or maybe by whip or cane. ~ That pleasure waits in the future. ~

Fastening the clip rings on her bracelets to the hooks on the rear bar, James
ensured that Becca's arms were fully extended and pressed against the ice-cold
surface of the metal tubing.

Becca found that within seconds she was secured and absolutely unable to free
herself.  A shiver ran through her body, partly from the contact with the metal
bar and partly from the intense feeling of helplessness she now experienced. 
Becca relaxed as much as she could in her bonds and closed her eyes.

Taking up the whalebone switch, James lightly tapped the vicious tip of the rod
against the upper inner surface of Becca's thighs, indicating that she should
move her legs slightly apart.  As he did this, the cane came into contact with
the bright red welts already decorating her soft flesh, producing a slight cry
of torment to escape Becca's lips.  James then noticed Becca's glistening labial
lips and traced the tip of the whalebone switch along the ultra sensitive lips. 
~ My word, she really is excited at the beating she has just received and she
appears to be eagerly awaiting the continuation of her pain. ~

Becca had flinched quite visibly startled at the touch of the cane that tapped
at her inner thighs, uttering a short yelp that was repeated as she felt the
light touch to her sensitive labia.  She did however understand the implication
of the touch and spread her legs further.

James observed how Becca's thrusting breasts became still as she fought to
control her breathing and she was successful in her efforts.  ~ We'll see how
long you can maintain your will over the pain, my dear as the cane cuts more
strokes of agony across your martyred flesh ~.

After a short pause, James sawed the length of torment gently across the upper
slopes of Becca's bottom cheeks, and he anticipated again the pleasure of laying
twelve hard stripes across the flesh that was already well marked from the
previous lashes of the cane.

"I will refrain from securing your ankles, as I wish to see your reaction as the
cane slices into those rounded buttocks again."  James informed the tethered
woman.

Raising the switch to shoulder height, James brought it swishing down to cut
deep into the full curve of the prominently displayed bottom flesh, already
badly marked from the previous stripes. Across Becca's quivering cheeks a wicked
twin tracked weal had now been raised, it was slowly turning from red to a dark
purple. He lifted the supple rod again, paused, and then whipped it down across
her soft bottom, letting it bite in, just below that first cruel stroke.

Again, James tapped the whalebone rod gently against Becca's quivering cheeks,
watching the well-marked flesh wobble slightly each time at its contact.  Then
the tapping stopped as the cane left her bottom and the cane came whistling
down, ending with a loud crack, her flesh rippling from its point of impact as
it sliced into her plump round cheeks.  James watched as another band of pain
blazed across her bottom.

"Let me hear your appreciation for the time that I am spending in the training
of such a wayward young woman."  James demanded.




CHAPTER ELEVEN

Becca whimpered as the rod rubbed against her and made some sort of
acknowledgement to what James said.  A breath later and her backside erupted
with fresh pain.  Becca's entire body tensed forward against the bar at her
thighs as she bobbed slightly up and down on her toes.  Her voice rang out,
shrill and tortured.

The second strike shocked her for its speed and pulled more screaming from her
throat.  She writhed in agony, twisting her hips from side to side as the cane
tapped it's warning to her injured flesh.  Becca bit her lip to keep from
begging for him to go slower.  Her head came up as far as the bar would allow
then dropped as she hung as far as her restraints would allow.  Her toes curled
as she fought to keep still.

Another flash of agony ripped into her skin and deeper through the muscle
beneath.  Becca cried out again as her body jolted.  Her back arched as she
reflexively strained against the immovable bars that kept her in place for her
punishment.  Her feet shifted, lifting slightly as if she were trying to stamp
out the pain.

"Yes Master!"  She almost shrieked before gaining control of her voice again. 
"Your slave thanks you for your patience and understands the time you are giving
her.  She wishes only to learn under your guidance . . . to take whatever
training you see fit for her!  She will obey always!"  The words flowed fast,
without thought, punctuated by deep gasping breaths as Becca continued to almost
hump against the bar.  Her face was wet with fresh tears.  She bit her lip again
as she shifted from foot to foot, somehow holding in the pleas for mercy.

Hearing Becca's agonised cries and watching her breasts thrust out as her back
arched under the tension of her bondage, James considered the naked woman's
entreaties for guidance

Becca's squeals resounded about the room and James observed her pain with
evident pleasure, massaging his thick cock as he did so. Watching and relishing
her pain, her feet moving back and forth, side to side as she performed her
dance of pain to the accompaniment of her own pitiful cries and sobs.

~ How he enjoyed the sight of her naked body displayed before him, her plump
breasts bouncing, her sweet body twisting so erotically as she shuddered in her
agony.

James then repositioned the cane against Becca's aching bottom, ready for the
next descent of a stinging stroke to land across her defenceless cheeks.  The
cane slashed down across Becca's tortured flesh, raising yet another welt that
this time, cut across the previous ones and James watched her hip's jerking in
an almost orgasmic frenzy.

He continued caning the naked woman without mercy, thrashing her soft tender
buttocks, taking his time, delighting in her suffering, her crying and her
tears. Occasionally, James would pause to fondle her pained flesh between
strokes, feeling the raised bands, fiery hot, under his touch. Sometimes he
slipped his fingers between her cheeks to feel at her anus and down to her moist
slit. As he caressed her intimate parts with one hand, he continued to massage
his erect cock with the other.

As she felt James slide his fingers over her rosebud and down along her
sensitive folds, Becca would arch her back and press herself down to his hand,
eager for a different sensation than pain.  She was barely aware of this wanton
behaviour and only whimpered loudly when he would stop again

Eventually, the twelve additional stripes laced across Becca's badly welted
buttocks and they acquired a fiery reddish glow as if from an open coal fire.

Releasing Becca's wrists from the rear bar, James allowed her a short respite to
gain control of her senses.

It had certainly felt like many more than twelve stripes to Becca, even well
before it was finished.  She pranced for her Master, as the cane swung wickedly
through the air, her tears flowing freely as she writhed in agony, but her
screams faded to a broken mewling note by the time James had begun to enjoy her
punished flesh between strokes.

Time passed slowly in her world of exquisite agony.  To Becca it felt as it an
eternity had passed since she had knelt at his feet and suckled his cock.  But
there was an end.  She glanced over, lifting her head slightly as James freed
her and sobbed for a moment as her arms dropped limply to her sides when she
straightened.  This only lasted a moment before Becca gained control of herself
and wiped at her cheeks with the backs of her swollen hands.

Nervously she glanced at her Master, sniffling a little.  Her entire being
vibrated and she was visibly trembling from the severity of the pain.  Yet there
was an element of pride and the beginning of a deeper understanding of what she
was undertaking.  It showed in her eyes as she continued to look at him before
lowering her gaze.

Becca knelt down after a moment, appearing considerably calmer.  She did wince
with a short intake of breath as the movement sent a wave of pain through her. 
But if anything now, her desire to prove herself as a slave was greater than
before.  She crawled forward, using her forearms to spare her palms and kissed
James's feet before laying her damp cheek to them.

"Thank you Master, you are very kind to teach this slave her first lessons so
patiently.  She will not hesitate again when an order is given."  Becca vowed in
a shuddering voice.  She did not wish to ever feel such pain again and swore to
herself as well that she would show her submission to James as thoroughly as
possible to please him.

~ What was that James saw in Becca's eyes, was it a look of happiness? ~

James was only able to have a short glimpse of Becca's reaction, for she quickly
knelt and crawled across the hard floor to him and performed her obeisance.  He
watched her abject posture with the feeling of power and, as he felt Becca's wet
tears on his feet, he viewed the future training of this woman with enthusiasm.

James listened to Becca's promise regarding her future behaviour and he decided
to move onto the next step in her decent into submission and slavery. 


James then led Becca across the basement to where the en-suite bathroom was
situated and, fastening a 12 feet length of thin, but strong steel chain to her
neck collar he clipped the other end to a hook in the wall.  She followed and
stood obediently as James tethered her to the wall, all the while with a worried
look on her face. Throwing a thin mattress onto the hard floor, James said.  " I
will leave you to rest for a period, as you will need to recover after your
ordeal.  On my return, I intend to go out to a nearby restaurant for a meal, and
you will accompany me."

Becca was still watching James as he laid the mattress out, the shock continued
on her face but now mixed with nervousness again at the idea of going out to a
restaurant.

James then left Becca alone in the basement area.

Becca stared at the door for a moment trying to take it all in.  She found it
odd to be left alone so suddenly, she felt as if she were just something to be
forgotten about, more like an object than a person. 

Becca looked down at the mattress then into the bathroom.  With the chain
trailing behind her, she headed into the pristine white environment to use the
facilities and tidy up before she attempted to get some rest.  It was an awkward
task to use the toilet as any amount of pressure sent waves of sharp stinging
through her.  Even attempting to wipe herself was a chore, with the state of her
palms.  Becca managed though, and as she stood before the sink, running cold
water over her hands, she doubted the properties of the injection.

After washing her face, Becca used a soft cloth to wipe down her body.  She
rinsed the cloth frequently, having always been meticulous with her hygiene
rituals.  As she passed the cloth between her legs she felt and collect the
remnants of her wetness.  Becca was shocked to see so much coating the cloth and
was very aware of the sensitivity she'd felt while wiping.   Again rinsing the
cloth, she repeated the wiping of her sex, feeling the sensitivity heighten. 
Becca looked at her reflection in the mirror and touched the collar lightly as
she again wiped her sex with the cloth.  This continued for a moment as she
forgot the need to rest in lieu of the pleasure she felt growing inside of
herself.  But it suddenly occurred to Becca what she was doing and she stopped
abruptly, feeling odd for finding pleasure when she still felt so much pain. 
Though she had read numerous documents and testimonials, even stories of the
amount of pleasure a slave could feel when there was the spice of pain added,
Becca was still not ready to accept it as true, she conveniently forgot the
feeling of James's hand between her legs during the caning.

~ So much to get used to . . . ~  She thought with a sigh before she returned to
the thin mattress.  The solitude affected her, for now in a positive way as she
was still growing accustomed to James and therefore found she was indeed very
nervous around him.  Carefully the novice slave lowered herself to the mattress
then down to lay on her stomach.

Becca considered the room she was in as she lay looking over the various pieces
of equipment that she would no doubt become very familiar with.  She wondered
again how long she would be with James and hoped he would give her opportunities
to ask questions at some point.  Though part of her, probably the part of her
that had inspired her to explore the submissive side to her personality, sort of
enjoyed not knowing and having to learn as she went.  Even alone, her cheeks
flushed with embarrassment that she enjoyed her current circumstances, the
nervous feelings, the anticipation of punishment or even pain solely for her
Master's pleasure.  The last thought was inspired by what James had said about
the injection, it would enable her to be available quickly for more torment
should he desire it. 

Her thoughts then recalled the injection that James had given her.  She still
doubted its effectiveness even though her welts, so fresh and tender moments
before, were no longer aching as miserably.  It was however too subtle a
difference for her to be aware of it yet.

With time to think on her own, Becca also started to consider the consequences
if the chemicals did as James explained.  It would mean countless lashes, as
hard as he could inflict and a few hours later it could happen all over again. 
This was mildly alarming as she really thought of it in those terms.  "If it
truly does increase my limits and stamina punishments could last for as long as
he had strength to beat her, the implications were endless." and Becca found her
mind parading violent images before her eyes as she lay looking about the
mirrored room that was now her home.

Rest was not coming easily to her on the mattress, without pillow or blanket. 
Her mixture of emotions and conflicting thoughts over what she had experienced
so far and what she would experience added to the stress that kept her awake. 
She could feel the floor through the thin layer of padding that she lay on and
frequently shifted to try and find a comfortable spot.  It was during one of
these annoyed shifts that Becca first realized her back side did not hurt as
badly.  It was suddenly exciting to know that her body was indeed healing.  She
was already able to close her hands again and studied her palms for a moment,
noticing a definite difference in the swelling and colour of the stripes.

Eventually Becca did fall asleep, curled on her side.  The chain that kept her
tethered lay limply on the mattress then away over the floor to where it was
fastened to the wall.  A symbol of her slavery.  She dozed thinking of how
punishment would not be as hard to bear now that she could heal so quickly.  ~
Pain fades . . . ~  She thought during her last yawn and smiled slightly as she
closed her eyes.  She only considered her own comfort for the moment, her mind
was not yet in a place where she was naturally thinking of her Master's pleasure
first and foremost. 

Four hours later, James had showered and, after dressing in a pair of dark
coloured trousers, a black shirt and a pair of black leather shoes, he returned
to the basement. He had already made a booking at a restaurant in Brookdale a
short walk from the house for himself and Becca, and was intending to test how
serious she was in her resolve to obey his wishes, without delay or question.

James discovered that Becca was asleep lying on her side on the mattress. He was
pleased to observe that the injection had worked well, for there were no visible
signs of the severe beating that Becca had suffered only a short time earlier.
However, he was sure that the memory was still very vivid in her mind, if not on
her naked flesh.  She would learn that, although the physical healing process
was quicker than anyone could imagine, the effect of the vicious caning torment
inflicted on her would produce a mental flashback that would last for far
longer.

Avoiding wakening her, James opened one of the many closets situated around the
room, and removed a red silk blouse, a white mini skirt, a red suspender belt, a
pair of sheer black stockings and a pair of 2 inch high-heel red shoes. 
Carrying the clothing over to where Becca lay, lightly tapped the soft white
skin of her left shoulder with his hand.

"Wakey, wakey, rise and shine!!! It's time to go for dinner." James said, his
voice jocular in tone.  He was keenly anticipating the pleasure of testing
Becca's resolve, by placing her in a position in which she would normally feel
intensely humiliated.

"Get a shower and then dress in these clothes and organise your hair and makeup
with the preparations that you will find in the bathroom."  James ordered.  "I
will be back in 20 minutes and you had better be ready, or else you will feel
the bite of the strap across that pretty little bottom of yours."

James then left Becca to her tasks and went back up to the main part of the
dwelling. However, his time was not wasted for he sat watching a television
monitor, which displayed individual pictures of the complete basement area, from
several hidden cameras positioned at strategic points.  He was therefore able to
watch Becca in her preparations and observe that she complied with his wishes.

Becca mumbled as she woke up but nothing coherent.  Blinking in the light she
looked up at James and groaned softly at the brightness. 

"Yes Master."  She murmured as he left.  Becca stretched, rolling onto her back
as she did so.  It was another few seconds before she realized her backside did
not hurt ... at all.  Becca rose quickly and turned so she could see her ass and
back in the mirrored door behind her .  It was as clear as when she had walked
into the house.  Becca rubbed her hand over one cheek then remembered her hands
and quickly put them both in front of her face.  Clear of any marks.  She was
amazed and stood there for a moment running her finger tips over her palms and
staring at the skin very closely. 

Snapping out of her reverie, Becca looked down to see the clothes her Master had
chosen for her to wear to dinner.  She smiled slightly and fingered the blouse
before turning and walking into the bathroom to shower and get ready.  She was
aware that there was a time limit and more aware that she did not have a clock
to check in the playroom.  Thus Becca hurried to shower properly, bringing the
clothes into the bathroom and hanging them on a hook on the wall.

As per her usual showering routine, Becca washed her hair twice then used
conditioner, letting it sit in her dark locks as she washed her body.  The
shampoo and conditioner as well as the body wash, all matched in scent.  Fruity,
sort of like melons, but only hinting at it.  There was a ladies disposable
razor and rich moisturizing shaving cream by the side of the shower stall. 
Becca briskly ran the razor over her legs and under her arms to unsure she was
smooth.  Her body clean she rinsed her hair and stepped out to dry herself.

It was a quick job of drying her skin as a second towel soaked up excess water
from her hair.  Becca went to the counter and mirror, leaving the towel around
her head and another around her body.  She was humming softly to herself as she
did her makeup.  A deep rose colour for her lips and soft accenting with a dark
brown eye liner and black mascara.  Her eyelids were lightly coated in a sunset
shade of orange then deepened with a terracotta shade close to the lashes.  Her
cheeks were faintly dusted with rouge.  Everything she would need was there for
her, chosen by her Master, or so it seemed.

The towel came off her hair next and quickly she combed it out then began to dry
it while brushing through the lengths with her fingers.  She scrunched up to
make the soft curls more prominent and when she was satisfied and her hair was
dry, Becca sprayed a fine mist of hairspray around her head.

Becca had no idea how much time had passed but she kept on with the same speed
as before.  The towel came off her body after she slipped the stockings on,
clipping them to the garter belt.  The blouse, so soft and cool, buttoned up the
front over her bare breasts.  She glanced in one of the mirrors around her and
saw her erect nipples displayed prominently through the thin material.  Lastly
Becca pulled on the skirt and tucked the bottom of the blouse in to the waist
band.  The mini skirt ended a bare few inches below her buttocks, covering the
tops of the stockings.  Becca was keenly aware of her lack of panties as she
bent to slip on the heels before heading back out to the main room.

James watched Becca shower and dress in the clothes he had left her and then
returned to the main room in the basement where he waited for Becca to enter.

"You are three minutes late." James informed Becca, fully aware that she had no
way of telling the time due to the absence of clocks in the basement.  He simply
wished for the sadistic pleasure of cracking a leather strap across Becca's
nether cheeks.

James continued. "Let me see if those promises you made earlier can be kept.  I
want you to pull your skirt up to your waist and then bend over, your hands
resting on your knees.  This posture will ensure that your bottom cheeks are
presented in a relaxed state, as I wish to see them wobble as they feel the cut
of the strap."

As he waited for Becca to obey his instruction, James picked up an implement
that was like the leather strop used by barbers to hone the cutthroat razors
used in barber's shops.  It was about 24 inches long by 2 inches wide and 1/4
inch thick.  It was very supple and designed to follow closely the contours that
it was intended to strike.

"As you were tardy in your timekeeping, I think that half a dozen strokes should
serve as a reminder not to delay in future. Whilst you are being strapped,
remember that I may emphasize my displeasure, should we meet someone as we walk
to the restaurant, if I instruct you to show them your stripes." 

~ We'll see how she walks through town with her arse cheeks ablaze, and if we
meet anyone, it might be amusing to instruct her to display her well tanned
bottom for their approval and her humiliation. ~

Becca started as she saw James waiting for her.  Instantly her face coloured and
she lowered her eyes nervously as he declared her late.

"Your slave is sorry she was slow, Master."  Becca said softly.  She didn't
hesitate at all to do as ordered, proving she did recall the pain of the
punishment earlier.  But Becca also knew the marks would not last, neither would
that pain.  She would deal with it for an hour or two before it would be
considerably more bearable. 

~ Long enough to go to dinner and back. ~  She thought, dismally aware of the
fact she'd be sitting for a good portion of those hours.

Obediently, Becca lifted her skirt and bent as instructed.  The position sent a
clear image of the punishment she'd taken only a few hours ago.  Her eyes closed
tightly for a second and she visibly flinched without even being touched.  It
was as if she had heard the crack of the cane on her presented cheeks, she could
almost feel the weight of a strike and there was a distinct tingling or itch
over her back side.  She felt her stomach flutter with the feelings.  Then it
was all gone.  Becca blinked, unsure of what had just happened.  She began to
tremble as she waited for this punishment.

A strap.  She saw it in her Master's hand and tried to determine if it looked
more painful than the cane had been.  It certainly looked more threatening than
the cane had appeared before it had cut into her flesh.  Becca swallowed,
finding her throat was dry.  She tried to remind herself that it would be over
quickly and a few hours later she would be healed.  But now faced with the agony
of punishment and knowing the strength of James's arm, Becca was afraid again of
the pain.

Added to that was the possibility that should they meet anyone on the street he
may order her to display her bare and punished bottom to whomever crossed their
path.  Silently she began to wish they would not meet anyone.  ~ Oh . . . but at
the restaurant . . . surely I'd never have to display in such a public place! ~ 

"Six, yes Master.  Do you require a count?"  Becca heard herself asking, it was
as if her body and mouth were willing while her mind continued to struggle with
the pressure of her submission.




CHAPTER TWELVE

Back in the Leisure Club, Julie was finding it more and more difficult to do as
William said.  The tension building between her thighs was growing in leaps and
bounds.  She had completed almost eight minutes when she collapsed in a
shuddering heap, her body racked with an overwhelming climax.  She couldn't stop
what was happening to her as she lay moaning, curled in a ball on the floor. 
Her juices soaked the strap.  As her body quivered from the release, she sobbed
her shame.

Seeing Julie as she came to an unwelcome climax, William took great delight in
informing her that again she had not been given permission to orgasm, and she
would be punished for such a transgression.  However, the punishment would be
delayed until later that day.

After allowing Julie a short break, she was ordered to stand and William said,
"Right, let's have your legs astride, arms raised and then bending and touching
your toes, now and remember to keep those legs straight."

William ordered Julie to carry out this exercise twenty times and after she
completed the task he looked at her sweat-drenched flesh and said,  "Running on
the spot, hands kept at your sides, begin."  He watched the woman's heaving
chest and the rolling bouncing of Julie's breasts, whilst he listened to her
gasping to pull oxygen into her desperate lungs.

Seeing that Julie was approaching an exhaustion point, William allowed her to
rest and, whilst she was doing so, the door of the exercise room opened and two
people entered the gym.  One was a male and the man who spoke earlier to William
as he entered the gym. The individual, whose name was Alfredo Honsa had lived in
Brookdale just over a year. He had made his fortune from the clever manipulation
of stocks and bonds and had decided to retire to Brookdale with his three female
slaves, to enjoy the unusual lifestyle. 

Alfredo was in his forties and was about 5 feet 5 inches tall and looked as if
he weighed about 180lbs.  He wore only a pair of swimming shorts and William
could see that his upper torso was narrow shouldered and covered in a thick
coating of matted hair.  He had a substantial paunch, which hung over the
waistband of his shorts, but it was what was within the shorts that caught the
eye.  A bulge at his crotch drew William's attention to what looked like a beer
can stuffed down one of the legs of his shorts.

In contrast, his companion was the blonde waitress he had been tormenting
earlier and who was one of his slaves.  William's gaze took in the blonde naked
slave girl. The slave was tall, approximately 5 feet 10 inches with a curvaceous
36:24:37 figure and weighing about 135 lbs. On entering, she immediately dropped
to her knees and took up the customary position that she had been taught as a
slave in front of a Master or Mistress, legs spread and hands clasped at the
nape of her neck.

William watched for Julie's reaction to the new arrival, but she was too busy
engaged in attempting to recover from the exertions that he had imposed upon her
to notice.  She felt as if the world was caving in on her and was sure that
William was simply forcing her to ultimate exhaustion. She was overcome to the
point were the room was just spinning and she just wanted to lie down and sleep
as she fought against the waves of faint that kept hitting her.  However, the
stamina building injection prevented her from succumbing.

William watched Julie trying to keep her senses, and waited for her to regain
some composure, whilst his mind was formulating the next lot of humiliation and
indignity that Julie was about to face.

"Ah, welcome." William exclaimed as he gestured to the man to come across to
where Julie was lying on the floor.  "May I introduce myself, I am William
Shunter, and you?" he asked.

Leaving the blonde slave kneeling by the door, the man walked across to and
said. "I am Alfredo Honsa," gazing lustfully at the naked body of Julie.

Julie looked up when Alfredo's voice cut through the haze of weariness in her
skull.  She spotted his eyes examining her, and she flushed with embarrassment
dropping her eyes and trying to curl up her legs to hide her more private areas.

"Well, Alfredo, would you like to join me in the training of this bitch?  I
think that you will enjoy what I have in mind, but I suspect that our friend
here will not."   William commented, gesturing to Julie.

William's words caused her to look up sharply, honest fear in her eyes.  It was
then that she saw the other girl, kneeling displayed before the men.  What could
they possibly have in store for her?  She shivered in dread and began to feel
despair for having agreed to this.

Seeing the shiver of apprehension from Julie, William took hold of her collar
and pulled her across to a vaulting horse and, after securing each of her ankles
to the legs, forced Julie over the padded leather top so that her belly was
resting on the padded leather top. He then fastened Julie's wrist bracelets to
the other legs of the vaulting horse.

"Now I think I'll have a taste of what that cunt strap has made nice and moist,
woman."  William said as he started to remove his clothing.  "Alfredo, why don't
you show this bitch what she has coming, Forgive the pun."  The humour was
wasted upon Alfredo, but he well understood what meant.  Alfredo simply dropped
his shorts uncovering a prodigious length of cock, which although was still in
repose, was nearly 10 inches long.

"I suggest that she show proper respect to you with her mouth, whilst I enjoy
stuffing that moist cunt of hers."   William suggested.  He had shed his
clothing and although not as well endowed as Alfredo, felt in no way in awe of
the older man.

~Oh god NO! ~ Julie screamed in her mind, as William stripped down and Alfredo
dropped his shorts.  Her worse fears, the reason she didn't want to go to prison
were coming true.  She had hoped that the earlier subjection of her naked body
to William's desires would have avoided this.  To find herself in this
nightmare, even prison would have been preferential too.  However, the poor
woman did not realise that, after completing her Community Service that was
where she would be destined to go.  The cruel tortures and torments of the
Prison Governor, Lila Betts awaited her.

"Are you watching, slut?"  Alfredo questioned the blonde.  "You can look forward
to many a night servicing men in a similar fashion in future."  The woman did
not reply, but simply tried to stifle the sobs that wracked her body causing her
whole body to quiver.

Julie vainly struggled against the ties, tears streaming down her cheeks. 
"Pl..please no...not this...please not this," she pleaded, her voice cracking in
her terror.

Standing between Julie's outstretched legs, William was able to reach out and
caress her widespread thighs, running his hands up the straining muscles of her
inner thighs.  He paused briefly to pinch and scratch the super smooth flesh. 
Dipping over the top of the vaulting horse, William mauled and kneaded the
globes of her breasts that hung, as if begging to be gripped and pulled.

After some minutes of this foreplay, William felt his member growing stiff and
taking it in his hand, he rubbed the sensitive tip against the slick smooth lips
of Julie cunt.

Meanwhile, Alfredo had enjoyed the pleasure of forcing Julie's head up by the
simple expedient of taking a firm grip on her hair.  "Now bitch, your going to
treat Alfredo, by having my old friend down your throat." Alfredo said with an
evil grin passing across his swarthy features.  "It will be nice to have a
change, after all variety is the spice of life." He laughed and, indicating to
the blonde he continued, "that one is also still learning her true position in
life, so it may prove beneficial for her to watch another slave woman being
trained to serve," he commented to William.  "You be very careful with those
white teeth." Alfredo instructed Julie. "If I feel anything hard, apart from my
cock, then you will really suffer."

Alfredo's prick had by this time grown another 3 inches in length, whilst it's
diameter had also substantially increased so that it looked more like a timber
pole.

"When you're ready, Alfredo."  Said William, as his hands clamped Julie's hips
in readiness.

Julie felt her hot tears streaming down her cheek.  She knew both men intended
to use her and there wasn't anything she could do.  She helpless and bound, even
screaming would prove fruitless in this god forsaken town of Brookdale.  She was
certain she would not be able to take Alfredo in her mouth without gagging, and
the thought not only frightened her, but revolted her as well.

She could feel William's cock teasing her wet cunt lips and, against her will
she grew wetter.  The normally in 'control' young woman found herself no longer
in control of her body or her situation.  One last time she sought mercy and
understand, "Please don't do this to me," she sobbed.

"Use that magnificent cock of yours to shut the bitch up, Alfredo."  William
commented as he thrust well forward and felt his hard knob split the petals of
her liquid-warm sex lips and sank into the depths of Julie's moist cave. Julie's
smooth buttock cheeks slapped against his belly.

William's haunches moved back and forth and his balls swung between Julie's
widespread thighs.  "She's like liquid satin" he thought, ramming in and out
faster and faster, his fingers sinking deep into the hips of the squirming woman
as he forced himself deeper and deeper.

"So you can't resist, woman.  Can you?"  William demanded, feeling the slick
wetness of Julie's pussy as he plunged his cock into her unresisting cunt.

Meantime, Alfredo had forced his huge member into Julie's mouth and his hands
were gripping her hair and controlling the depth of his gigantic cock, sometimes
stuffing it deep into her throat and cutting off the poor woman's air supply.

The horror of rape was something that Julie had feared the most, and here she
was being raped for the second time in just a few hours.  The reason she agreed
the Service Order instead of a prison sentence, had came true.  Julie felt
William pierce her cunt with his manhood, impaling her on its length and then
withdrawing, only to thrust again deep into her body.  As much as she wanted to
fight him, she was helpless bound as she was.  Her body even betrayed her by
responding to the punishing thrusts.  She could feel the tip of his weapon
hitting her cervix and her cunt gripped his cock expectantly.

One of the reasons for Julie's inability to 'control' her body's reaction to
William's rape was the huge cock being shoved down her throat.  She couldn't
breath and she gagged around Alfredo' huge organ.  Tears streamed down her
cheeks and dropped softly to the mat below.

Julie felt something within her soul tear and rip asunder.  She knew that after
this, she would never be who she was before.  All she wanted was for the
degradation and rape to stop.  If it took kneeling at William's feet and kissing
his shoes, then that was what she would do.  As long as she didn't have to
endure the punishment of rape again.  Her spirit was being crushed.

William felt his lust building and he knew that he would not be able to last
much longer, but his pride made him attempt to outlast Alfredo.  Sadly for him,
he was unsuccessful and he came to his thundering climax, just as Alfredo was
beginning to move his shaft like a piston between Julie's lips. Julie felt the
crushing wave of humiliation and degradation fall upon her as she felt the
inevitable forced climax, whilst William pumped his load into her spasming,
clutching cunt. 

William slumped forward across Julie's back, saliva dripping from his mouth to
pool in the cleft of her shoulders.  He lay and watched the build up of
Alfredo's ending, the man's features gripped in a rictus of savage lust, as he
shot his jism into Julie's throat and his seed sprayed her tonsils with its own
salty slimy discharge. She felt the pistoning cock start to swell and the burst
of semen against the back of her throat.  Alfredo withdrew whilst his weapon was
still spraying and, with great delight he directed gouts of his cum into Julie's
face, the salty strings hitting her in the eyes and in her hair.

Whilst Alfredo raped her mouth with his donkey size cock, Julie was unable to do
anything else but swallow Alfredo' cum, then the suffocating organ was gone and
she was gasping for air, as hot semen sprayed her face. 

"Excellent."  congratulated Alfredo. William was delighted to see the woman so
degraded by Alfredo's actions, whilst Alfredo himself had thoroughly enjoyed
having his cock sucked by Julie.

Defeated, her spirit crushed, Julie dropped her head and sobbed.  She knew that
she would never be the same person again.  Something inside of her had yielded
to William, and he now controlled her body and soul.

 William withdrew his deflated weapon from the squishy velvet soft confines of
Julie's cunt.  "Would you like to fuck the woman's cunt, Alfredo?" asked. "And
whilst you are shafting the bitch with that huge spike, I'll see how she licks
her spend from my tool.

Alfredo needed to return to his home to check on some financial developments, so
could not accept William's offer.  However, after thanking William for allowing
him to participate, his parting comment was a generous one.  "I won't be needing
this one for the rest of the day," Alfredo indicated the kneeling blonde. "Her
name is Tina and feel free to use her as you wish.  She is only partially
trained and if she doesn't give full satisfaction, feel free to use any means
necessary to punish her, after all she knows what to expect by now should she
fail. She will be able to find her way home, so simply send her on her way when
you have finished with her."

William was somewhat taken aback at Alfredo's offer. To be entrusted with and
left in charge of another slave so soon, was certainly a boost to his
self-esteem and indicated that both his father and Alfredo had every confidence
in his ability to dominate the women of the town. He looked to see if there was
any reaction from the kneeling girl, but she simply continued to remain in her
position, awaiting his instructions.

"Have you any objection to the use of this new chemical injection that enhances
her pain threshold and recovery rate?" William asked Alfredo.

"Oh, yes, I have heard about this new formulae," replied Alfredo.  "I am happy
for her to undergo the procedure, especially if the results are as sensational
as I understand them to be."

Gesturing towards Julie, William said. "Rest assured that the claims are well
proven, this bitch has already received the injection and she is living
testimony that it works." 

With a parting leer at the two naked women, and a friendly wave to, Alfredo left
the building to return home.

William decided to have some further enjoyment from Julie with the knowledge
that another woman was watching, who may be anticipating being used in a similar
manner.  Releasing Julie from the vaulting horse, he reclined in an easy chair
and instructed the poor woman to kneel between his outspread legs.

"Now, let me see you show me proper respect and clean my shaft.  After you have
done that to my satisfaction, you can lick my ass." William ordered Julie.

Julie knelt before William her head down and tears spilling from her eyes.  She
could feel William's cum ooze from her cunt and down her leg, a reminder of the
rape he had just done to her body.  Her body language was one of defeat and
desolation.  She replied through a sob filled voice, "As you wish Master."  Then
obediently took his cock into her mouth and began to clean their combined juices
from it, his cock sliding down her throat as her tongue licked and cleaned the
shaft.

The feel of Julie's delicate tongue caressing and sucking his deflated shaft
created a sense of relaxation and well being in William.  Also the fact that she
had addressed him as Master gave him a feeling of achievement.  This was the
woman who, only a matter of hours earlier had swore at him and cussed him with
foul and abusive language.

"My word," William thought.  "This woman must be suffering hell having to obey
my every command.  But what the hell!!! That's what she is here for and I
haven't even started properly yet."

Gradually, William felt that Julie's attentions were having an effect upon him
as he began to stiffen in her all-enclosing mouth. He took hold of Julie's head
in a vice-like grip and began to pump his ever-thickening cock in and out of her
accommodating mouth.  However, he wanted to resist the temptation to climax in
the woman's mouth and, as he felt himself approaching the explosion of his lust,
pulled Julie's mouth off him.

Deciding to heap further humiliation on Julie, William turned and knelt on the
chair, his backside raised and pointing into the tearful face of the kneeling
woman.

"Pull my ass cheeks apart, gently mind, and then get your tongue deep in there
and ream me good." William instructed Julie. Julie's sobs caught in her throat
at his demand but, realising that delay would only result in more pain to her
exhausted body and completely cowed, she spread his cheeks and began to lick his
puckered asshole, her tongue darting into the hole.  Tears streamed down her
cheeks as she let him destroy the last of her dignity.

As Julie's questing tongue caressed and licked the crack of William's ass
cheeks, he was impatient to feel her tongue press into the tight hole of his
anus and, without any apparent embarrassment, he said. "Get your tongue well in
there, I want to feel it moving and pressing as far as possible into my ass."

William pushed his backside further into Julie's face almost cutting her air
supply off completely.  "As you are doing this, my dear."   William said, "think
of what other delights await you, whilst you are my personal slave.  How do you
think you would cope on the treadmill or the exercise bike, with a couple of
thick dildos stuck up your ass and cunt?"

Julie's tears were renewed by William's words, whilst the watching Tina realised
that Alfredo had consigned her to the control of a teenage sadist.  Julie pushed
her tongue inside of him, helpless to stop the humiliation and dehumanisation
that was happening to her.

William felt Julie's tongue doing as he instructed, and her efforts had started
to restore the rigidity of his ever-ready shaft, which was again seeking the
soft and warm confines of a woman's most intimate places. William decided that
the woman had abased herself sufficiently for the moment and he would continue
her subjugation, but only after he had tasted the intimate secrets that he
wished to sample from the kneeling Tina.

"You now apparently accept that your future in Brookdale is that of my personal
slave and, as such you will be expected to obey every command that you are
given."  William said, his voice showing the satisfaction that he felt. 

"I will now allow you to rest, whilst I explore some of the delights that Tina
here has to offer." With this remark, William pushed Julie to the floor and left
her lying in a foetal curl, as he walked across to where Tina was still
kneeling.




CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Pulling Tina to her feet by using his fist to grab a handful of the girl's hair,
William pushed her over to a rectangular metal frame, the base of which was
secured to the floor by strong clamps and the opposite side fixed to chains
running down from the ceiling. The chains could be extended to allow the angle
of the frame to be adjusted. Fastening her wrist bracelets to the upper corners
of the frame, he then fixed her ankle straps to the corners at floor level. 
William lowered the chains holding the upper section so that Tina's naked body
was held in a slightly leaning mode, her full breasts dependant from her torso.

William then collected a metal tray from a locker type cupboard on which was a
previously prepared hypodermic syringe and placed it on a table in front of
Tina. 

"I will explain what the effect will be when injected into your system.  In this
syringe is a chemical formulae."  William explained to the pinioned girl.  "It
has been designed specifically for use with slaves.  You will find that it will
restrict your actions so that, whilst you may want to cause me or another harm,
your body will not be able to comply. In addition, it increases a slave's pain
limit and stamina fivefold and also enables the body to recover quickly, so much
so that a recovery period of one hour is the equivalent of 96 normal hours."

Her eyes widened as Tina watched the approach of William with the needle.
However, all she could manage was a soft keening.  "Please don't," she pleaded
with tears running down her face. Her situation was becoming more and more
desperate.  What was this young man going to do to her?  She shuddered to think
why he might want to increase her pain threshold.  What tortures did this
monster plan to inflict upon her?  

Taking a firm grip on Tina's left breast, William squeezed the soft globe until
just the nipple projected through his fingers.  "This will hurt you more than it
will hurt me!" William said laughing, as he inserted the needle about a 1/2 inch
deep into Tina's nub.  Tina felt a sharp bolt of pain shoot through her
sensitive nipple and, as William depressed the plunger, an ice-cold feeling as
the chemical was injected into her system, there to quickly do its work of
altering her body's recovery time and also her mind's ability to revolt.

"We will give the injection a short time to begin to act and then we will see
how effective it is in raising your pain threshold."  William said ominously.
"You have no doubt realised in your short time with Master Alfredo that you will
find your future life as a sex slave demanding, as your Masters and Mistresses
will wish to make use of your body in a variety of ways.  Some will decide to
make use of you sexually and these sessions may be for very long periods, thus
stamina will be required."

"Others," William continued, "Will simply want to torture your naked body for
their own amusement and enjoyment, and the increase in the acceptance of pain
level will be extremely useful in that instance.  In addition, the much-enhanced
recovery period will mean that you will be available for use that much sooner!!! 
I have witnessed the effectiveness of the ability to increase the pain barrier
already on this slut," indicating Julie. "Together with the extremely fast
recovery rate, so I think I will enjoy experimenting on another slave to
establish the efficiency and value of this drug."

After a break of some 20 minutes, William said.  "I will now see how effective
the injection is by having the pleasure of administering a flogging to your
naked body.  Have you ever felt the whip on your naked body before?" William
questioned Tina, as if he were enquiring if she had ever been on holiday. 
"Well, if not my dear, this will be an experience that I can assure you, you
will never forget."

Taking a small cat-of-nine tails from a nearby rack, William swished the 18-inch
long lengths of leather through the air producing a low hum as the implement cut
the stillness of the room.

"I think that we will start with 20 strokes across those ass cheeks of yours to
begin with, and then maybe a few uppercuts to those lovely full breasts that
seem to be begging for the caress of the strands."  William took great delight
in advising the naked woman of what was going to happen.

"Wait, Master!" Tina begged before he could start swinging. "Release me now and
I will have sex with you any way you prefer.  I will do this lovingly to you and
freely.  Please.  Release me."

As she spoke these words she felt herself getting sick when she uttered the
request "Release me." Could it be the drug he pumped into her left teat? 
Whenever she thought of fighting back, an incapacitating nausea would overcome
her.  She wanted to throw up.  As much as she hated to admit it, she had to go
to the bathroom as well.  She was also painfully aware of how open and
vulnerable she was to this sadistic bastard.

William paused on hearing Tina's suggestion, the leather strands of the whip
still swishing to and fro,  ~ Now that was an interesting proposition.  Was the
woman giving up so soon?  She will have sex with me willingly and lovingly. 
This might be worth exploring. ~

"So you say that you will have sex with me and you will do it lovingly and
freely?"  William said.  "But I can beat you with the whip, until eventually you
will obey all my commands and I can then have you however I want.  On reflection
though, your offer may be worthy of consideration."

"Very well, I will release you from your bonds, but be warned if this is any
sort of a delaying tactic on your part, then you will suffer and suffer, until
not even the injection will save your skin!"  William informed Tina.

Releasing Tina's wrists from the fixings that held them secured to the frame,
William bent down and undid the ankle chain.

~ I wonder how loving and willing she will feel when she finds out what she will
be required to do? ~

"Now as you have made the offer, I think that it should be your place to suggest
what you are going to do so willingly, freely and lovingly. Make sure that it is
something suitably enticing and extreme because, if it is not then I will
decide, and I am sure that you appreciate my predilections."  William instructed
Tina.

Tina knelt before William, her hands clasped behind her neck, legs apart.  She
hated herself for what she was doing but she saw no other choice. ~Damn, there's
that nauseous feeling again~ she thought. Tina attributed it to the disgusting
act she was about to do to bargain for her freedom.

"I...I have.... have.....n...never made love to another woman...Master."  Tina
said.  "So if you will permit me to perform the act with this woman," she
indicated towards Julie.  "Then you will have the knowledge that you have
witnessed me losing the last remnants of my being and self-respect."

~ Was he hearing correctly or was the stupid bitch taking him for a fool? ~
Thought William. He rapidly felt that the latter was the case and taking a grip
of Tina's upper right arm, he roughly pulled her to her feet and flung her back
towards the metal table similar in design to a gynaecological examination table,
with fitted stirrups at the base.  However, this one also had the additional
facility of securing rings fixed at strategic points on the frame.

William quickly secured Tina spread-eagled, face upwards on the table, her
ankles secured in the stirrups, her legs spread apart.

"I'll teach you not to waste my time, you stupid whore!!" he shouted at Tina. 
"I warned you what the consequences would be if you played me for an idiot and
now you will suffer them!!!"

William then went to a cupboard and brought out a small plastic box with several
electrical leads hanging from connections at the back.  On the front of the box
were a number of switches with a round knob and a measuring meter set into a
glass dial.

Carrying the box over to the table and Tina, William said.  "If you think that
you can play games with me, you are sadly mistaken.  Let's see if a few jolts of
electricity coursing through your body will improve your imagination!!"

Tina knew sheer terror. She was on a metal table and he was going to shock her
with electricity! She attempted to wrestle with her restraints with ineffectual
results. Her arms and legs wouldn't respond. It was almost as if she were
partially paralysed. Her eyes never left the box as William came closer and
closer to her, uttering threats she knew he was quite capable of carrying out.
She wanted to scream, but found she couldn't even manage this as her throat and
mouth dried with fearful anticipation of what was to come.

Looking down at Tina, all her intimate places exposed to William's steel gaze,
he drank in her terror. ~ This woman will now suffer. ~

William took a thick strip of leather and secured it between Tina's teeth,
fixing it in place with a buckle at the nape of her neck.  He then placed the
box on a small table by the bed and, taking one of the leads which all ended in
steel alligator clips with serrated teeth, caught hold of the nipple of Tina's
right breast and fixed the sharp teeth over the projecting peak.  He repeated
the procedure with her left tit.

Moving to position himself between Tina's widespread thighs, William pulled open
the soft lips of her cunt and pushed a small cylinder, about the size of an A4
battery, into the confines of her sex.  He then fixed a large bulldog clip so
that it held the outer labia lips together, ensuring that the cylinder could not
be expelled.  Satisfying himself that Tina was well secured to the frame,
William plugged a lead from the box into the main supply on the wall.

"I will now explain what is going to happen," William informed Tina, his voice
quiet, but laden with menace.  "The clips fixed to your nipples are self
evident, but the cylinder in your cunt is something that has been developed by
me as one of my school projects that formed part of my final exams.  It was
tested fairly extensively on my fellow girl students, but I have yet to see the
effect on an older woman. The unit operates by remote control, but can be used
in conjunction with the leads fixed to your tits.  By turning this knob, and
operating these switches, I am able to adjust the level of the current to the
clip terminals or the cylinder, and also switch from one to another or even have
all operating at once."

William switched on the electrical supply to the box.  "I am now going to make
you suffer, whilst I play my symphony of pain!!!" laughed William.

The only avenue of protest left her was to strain against her restraints, which
she did adamantly.  She stopped only when he spoke in that sinister voice of
his.  She listened with shock as he described what he would do to her.
Initially, she would have not thought a human being possible of such vicious and
wicked torture ideas, but she will soon learn the hard way that William meant
exactly what he said.

Her eyes widened with fear as she heard that hideous laugh of his and she braced
herself for the first jolt of electricity. 

William watched Tina's attempts to ease the pressure of her bindings and took
delight in the fear he saw in her eyes. ~ Should I grant the girl a reprieve? 
But no, the silly fool had already insulted him by her naive offer. ~

"You can't say that you were not given the chance to avoid this punishment and,
remember, there are plenty more torments to come in the future." William
informed Tina. Turning the knob to a 25% range reading on the dial, William
flicked one of the switches on the box that controlled the supply of electrical
current to Tina's left nipple.

Tina's body jerked as much as the restraints would allow and she emitted a
muffled scream as the electricity bit into her sensitive nipple. Her hands
formed fists as they clenched in agony. Whatever William had given her certainly
didn't make her immune to pain. She was suddenly covered in a thin sheen of
perspiration. Her eyes were full of moisture as she looked pleadingly at William
begging, ~ No more please no more, no more. If she only hadn't tried to trick
him, ~ she thought. Now he was going to make her pay and there wasn't a thing
she could do to stop him. Never had she felt so powerless and so afraid.

After some ten seconds watching Tina's reaction as the electric current surged
into her left breast, William flicked the switch off and pressed another of the
switches that resulted in the pain inducing power entering the unit that was in
her cunt.  Another ten seconds, and he switched off that one. Then William
brought both breast clips into play and, for some thirty seconds he proceeded to
turn the dial, increasing and then decreasing the percentage of electrical
charge passing through Tina's nipples.

William watched Tina's vigorous contortions in the attempts of her body as it
tried to cope with the pain and, after switching off the current passing through
her nipples, he re-instated the electric charge to her sex, this time increasing
the power to 50% and leaving it on for about 15 seconds.

Saliva ran from Tina's mouth as her teeth bit deep into the leather strap, and
her mind recoiled at the mind-numbing pain that shot through her helpless body. 
~Such pain......such truly horrific agony.....~

Finally, in a flood of sadistic pleasure, William switched on both terminals and
the cylinder and watched as the electrical charge flooded through Tina's body at
50% of the power for another 30 seconds.

"Now, slave-bitch...." William said.  "I think that you will remember that
little session for a salutary one, and think on, I can simply do it again and
again as I desire so be warned."

Tina's mind was a divided house.  There was a part of her that refused to accept
what he was telling her.  She was not a slave that he could abuse.  But, oh,
wasn't she?  The thought crept back into her consciousness for she knew that she
would do whatever he wanted to avoid those painful shocks again. 

Whilst waiting for the girl to recover, William disconnected the power supply to
the box, removed the leather strip from Tina's mouth and released her from the
frame.

"If you wish to avoid such pain in the future, you will obey every command I
give you.  Now display yourself showing me what you have to offer me to avoid
more pain." William instructed Tina.

She had to do something or he would punish her even more severely. Whimpering,
she got down on her knees. She sat back on her haunches and spread her legs.
Then, thinking this would not be enough; she got on all fours and turned her
bottom toward him. Then she lowered her head to the hard floor leaving her arse
raised high to give him a choice of either hole on abject submissive display.
She prayed this would please him.

William watched Tina's initial feeble attempts at carrying out his orders, as
she knelt and opened her thighs showing him the soft downy covering of her sex. 
He was just about to tell her of her failure, when she adopted a more
enterprising position by displaying her elevated arse cheeks, with the little
rosebud of her anus nestled between and the open lips of her pouting cunt below.

"Acceptable, slave."  William complimented the naked girl.  "Now, turn around,
kneel erect and, keeping your knees well spread use your fingers to open the
lips of your cunt displaying your most intimate of flesh."  William instructed
Tina.  "Use your fingers to play with your cunt and clit and masturbate, until I
order you to stop."

~ Let's see how she performs this task. ~

Tina obeyed quickly and with her face suffused with a red blush of
embarrassment, she opened the soft petals of her cunt lips and showed William
the moist red interior of her cunt passage.  Using the index fingers of each
hand, Tina proceeded to caress her clit and her sex lips to and fro across the
ultra sensitive flesh.  She felt her fingers become wet with the juices flowing
from her sweet sex.

Her eyes flittered and her legs grew weak as she started moaning from the
pleasure welling up between her legs. She knew her breasts were heaving as well.
The only sound was the squelch that her juices made as she masturbated and the
soft moans that escaped unbidden from her mouth. ~ She was so close, so very
close. ~

Watching Tina's heaving breast globes, William realised that she was fast
approaching the point of orgasm and he could hear the slick wet sounds of her
fingers as they slid in and out of her sex.

Knowing that he did not want her to achieve satisfaction and revelling in the
absolute power that he held over the woman, he decided that he would prolong her
torment.

"Stop, do not allow yourself to cum or you will feel the whip!!!"  William
ordered. 

Tina pulled her wet fingers from her drenched pussy, not knowing what he wanted
of her she simply hung her arms limp beside her hips. She couldn't bring herself
to look at William.  What he had made her do was too humiliating for her to bear
and she hung her head downward in her shame. 

As Tina knelt before him, her hands at her sides William saw her juices sliding
down her inner thighs. He watched her heaving breasts as she resigned herself to
not being able to cum and he decided that he now intended to humiliate her even
further, and push her to the limits of self-abasement.

"Put the fingers that have just been inside your cunt, into your mouth and lick
and suck them clean.  When they are clean, you then have my permission to get
down on your hands and knees, legs well open, spread the cheeks of your arse and
stick your index finger up your arse as far as it will go."  William callously
ordered Tina.  "And afterwards, you will then offer me your cunt for my
pleasure."

This was obviously too much for Tina to accept and slowly she raised her head to
stare him in the eye. William could see that defeat was written all over her
face.

"No....no......I can't do this anymore.....please I beg you allow me some
rest...you sadistic swine." Cried Tina. "Go ahead and shoot me with electricity,
I can't continue..."

With any luck, Tina figured he would kill her and put her out of her misery if
she made him mad enough. But then would he? She was, after all owned by Alfredo. 
All she knew was that she couldn't live like this. She kept her eyes glued on
him, careful to mask the fear that was lurking just below the surface.

Hearing Tina's outburst, William did not react by showing his anger but coolly
took hold of a hank of Tina's hair and pulled her across to where two gym
attendants who had been watching were stood.  He held Tina's head pulled back to
such a degree that her back was nearly bent over, exposing the line of her body
to their gaze.

"You fail to appreciate my dear," said William, "but you are not in any position
to call me names.  You know the well known saying 'sticks and stones will break
my bones, but names will never hurt me' Well in your case, names are going to
hurt you, as you feel the whip slicing into your naked flesh."

"It seems the bitch thinks she can resist."  William informed the two men, his
tone of voice failing to display his annoyance that the woman had again
demonstrated such stupidity.  "Such insults as calling me a swine cannot be
tolerated, and I feel that I should make the woman realise that she will only
suffer more torments for her resistance."

Throwing Tina down to the floor, William called to the two male attendants.  "I
want this bitch secured in a whipping frame with her arms and legs well spread
so that I can acquaint her naked flesh to the delights of a good whip."

The two men quickly complied and within minutes Tina was fastened to a vertical
metal frame, her wrists and ankles fixed in manacles, her body vulnerable to the
caress of the thin carriage whip that William selected from a nearby rack.

"You fail to appreciate my dear," said William, "but you are not in any position
to call us names.  You know the well known saying 'sticks and stones will break
my bones, but names will never hurt me' Well in your case, names are going to
hurt you as you feel the whip slicing into your naked flesh."

"I think twenty stripes across that lily white back of yours to begin with."
William informed Tina.  "Then we'll see how well those tits bounce when the
leather cuts into their soft beauty."




CHAPTER FOURTEEN

William's enjoyment of the subjection of Julie and Tina was being mirrored in
another part of the township of Brookdale where James was continuing to put
Becca through her paces.

 "Six!!" exclaimed James.  "I think that your backside will require more than
that to display the rosy red of a well strapped bottom.  I suggest that twelve
will be better, and yes you may count them!!"

Becca cringed as James exclaimed.  "Yes Master."  She murmured quickly.

James stepped to Becca's left and he swung the strap swiftly up and back, and
then brought it down with all the strength of his arm across the relaxed flesh
of Becca's bottom cheeks. It made a sharp cracking sound as it slashed across
the centre of Becca's buttocks and James smiled as he waited for Becca to count.

"Did that hurt?" James questioned Becca.

Without waiting for Becca to answer, James swung the strap again, hitting the
offered buttocks halfway down the lower curve just above where they met with the
silky white skin of her upper thighs.

"I really enjoy whipping such a succulent piece of arse." James said, being
deliberately crude in his description and he whipped Becca's rapidly reddening
rondures of flesh again, and then again, and again, lashing the strap across the
quivering jouncing flesh.  James continued until Becca's buttocks were striped
with the twelve rapidly reddening stripes of agony that displayed the effects of
punishment.

James paused to take in that luscious sight.

It began quick and went even quicker.  Becca grit her teeth against the first
cry that formed in her throat as hot pain spread over her proffered buttocks. 
She spoke the count and turned her head slightly to look at James for his
question.  The next hit came as she opened her mouth to reply and forced a real
yell from her.

"Thank you Master."  Becca said in response to his statement.  On it went. 
Becca counted loudly between each strike and was screaming by the end.  She
truly couldn't tell if the strap was worse than the cane or not.  The cane bit
deep and covered a narrow area but the strap as well cut into her though it's
punishment was broader.  It seemed to be heavier as it struck her as well.

All of this she thought as she straightened again, whimpering in pain.  "Thank
you for correcting this slave Master."  She murmured softly.  The entire area
from the swell of her cheeks to the tops of her stockings was now a deep
scarlet, some areas darker, from overlapping.

Becca stood in front of James now with her skirt still up.  She did not relish
the idea of pulling it down over the burning skin.  She sniffled and wiped under
her eyes.  Desperately she hoped that they would not meet anyone on the way to
the restaurant.

"You look handsome Master."  She said after a moment.  Her lips parted again, as
if she was about to say something else but she stopped.  Asking if he would
enjoy it more if she made him something would be a very transparent way of
showing she did not want to go out with her back side so thoroughly punished. 
With much resignation, Becca lowered her skirt before her Master would have to
tell her and stood by to see if he had any other orders before they left.

James smiled as he heard Becca's compliment and his smile grew wider when he
considered the discomfort that awaited Becca at the restaurant having to sit on
those fiery red buttocks, as she ate her meal.

"We will walk into town to the restaurant, but you will ensure that you walk
slightly behind me to my left." James instructed Becca, and he led her from the
house and commenced to walk the short distance back into the town.

The evening was pleasantly warm with a slight breeze, which Becca felt caressing
the petal-like opening of her cunt, her skirt stirring slightly as she walked
allowing brief glimpses of her reddened bottom cheeks.

Shortly after they left the house, James saw the woman he had encountered
earlier walking towards them. She was still dressed in the long black dress that
appeared to be one size too small for her full figure.  Her hard features were
uncompromising, and her eyes glinted, as she saw James and Becca.

Becca dreaded the fact that they did indeed come across another person on their
walk, let alone that it was the same cruel looking woman as before. 

"I thought it would not be too long before you had the pleasure of displaying
such a tasty morsel around town.  Off for some dinner are you?" she questioned
James.

"Yes," responded James.  I have a table booked at the small Italian restaurant
in the High Street."

"I congratulate you upon your choice." The woman replied.  "I don't think we
have yet been introduced," she continued.  "James Quentin I understand. I am
Denise Houghton and I own the real estate office.  I am sorry that I was engaged
when you called for the keys to the house, a small domestic problem but the maid
soon felt more than the edge of my tongue."

James smiled at the inference of her words.  Obviously some poor woman was now
feeling the effects of a caning or possibly a whipping, as she reflected on the
penalties of being a slave/servant in Brookdale.

"Yes, I am James Quentin," he replied. "And this is Becca Wilson." gesturing to
the figure of Becca standing behind him.  "Present!!!" James instructed Becca
and, as he waited for her obey his command he said to Denise. "Her bottom has
already become acquainted with several of the corrective implements at the
house.  Perhaps you would care to examine the effects of the strap across her
buttocks?"

Becca jumped at the order and quickly took position.  It would not do to delay
under normal circumstances, but in front of another would be unforgivable.  Thus
with a fresh and deep blush, Becca took the pose, thrusting her breasts out as
she clasped her hands to the back of her neck.  Her legs spread properly, her
gaze remaining directed to the ground while her head remained high.

The woman would no doubt take up the invitation to examine her aching backside. 
This had the effect of a faint trembling through her body as if she were
straining under an enormous weight.  James's wording also seemed to declare that
her welts were from punishment not just for his pleasure.  Becca felt ashamed on
top of her myriad other feelings as the woman would know she'd needed correction

Eying Becca as if she were a succulent morsel to be devoured, Denise took in her
thrusting breasts and the legs apart stance that Becca had adopted. Flipping up
the short skirt that barely covered Becca's flame red bottom, Denise laughed
appreciatively when she saw the fiery bands criss-crossing the white flesh
displayed before her eyes, enhanced by the frame of the red suspender straps
held taut on her thighs.

How she managed to hold the position as the woman stepped closer then behind to
lift her little skirt was unknown to Becca.  She trembled more than ever and was
certain her cheeks would burst into flames with the heat of her blush.  The
woman's laugh was cold to her ears as she looked over her punished flesh.

"I see that she will be somewhat uncomfortable at dinner." Denise commented. 
"Remember to ask Lucia for a slave seat, that is if you permit her to sit in
your presence.  He has several chairs that are used when slaves are allowed to
sit in the restaurant, that I think you will find entertaining.  Instead of
fabric and upholstered seats, these have hard wooden surfaces that are covered
by up-turned bottle tops designed to torment and aggravate the soft bottoms of
slave-girls."    

Becca was unable to stop herself from looking up as Denise described a slave
chair at the restaurant.  She looked to her Master, concerned about the pain
that would no doubt cause the welts across her buttocks.  Silently she pleaded
with him to be merciful, knowing full well that it would be another couple of
hours before it wouldn't hurt to sit, even on a normal chair.  Realizing her
actions were disobedient, Becca quickly returned her gaze to the ground.  She
didn't dare speak.

Seeing the look of trepidation in Becca's eyes as she heard the description of
the slave chair, James mentally decided that he would ensure that she made its
acquaintance at the restaurant.  ~ The torment of the bottle tops would be
entertaining for him to watch as he enjoyed his meal. ~

"Perhaps you would like to join me for a drink at the restaurant later, and you
will be able to see the results of the slave chair at first hand." James
suggested to Denise.

"That's very kind of you, James."  Denise replied.  "But I will have to decline
your invitation as I have an unavoidable chore to complete this evening.  One of
my maids, Anna, a young chit of girl of 23 is in need of severe correction and I
promised myself that she would be the recipient of some severe punishment before
the day is out.  Although, as an alternative suggestion, as I live only 2
minutes walk from Lucia's instead of having after dinner drinks at the
restaurant, why not join me for a drink at my home."

"Most civil of you, Denise."  Responded James.  "I am sure that Becca will
welcome the opportunity to demonstrate the efficiency of the bottle tops, and
also the chance to see how a Mistress deals with those in her charge."

"I will expect you between 9.0 and 9.30pm. The house is 27 Bramley Street, just
turn left as you come out of Lucia's and Bramley Street is the second turn on
the left." said Denise and she bid James her farewell, but not before addressing
Becca saying "I'll look forward to seeing you later, my dear." Her tone of voice
dripping with an air of unconcealed menace.

James then continued his walk to Lucia's, his appetite whetted by the prospect
of Becca witnessing the maid's correction after dinner, whilst her own bottom
would be still smarting from the effects of the slave chair.

The nervous slave had held her position during the entire exchange between the
two dominants.  Yet she trembled the entire time, Becca did not like this woman. 
She felt she was very bold in the way she spoke to her Master, but it was more
that Denise had been the one to suggest the horrible sounding chair for use,
that had Becca wary of the Mistress.

Now they were going to visit her home after supper.  Becca knew she could say
nothing and did not raise her eyes again to show her feelings.  Then as the
woman spoke to her, Becca could only swallow hard.  Her feelings towards Denise
quickly changed from dislike to solely fear of her.  She was afraid James would
allow the woman to touch her and while it was mostly fear of the cruel woman, it
was also something akin possessiveness only reversed.  She was her Master's
property; she didn't want anyone else to touch her, but him.  Becca knew this
was not her choice but she hoped that if she told him over dinner, he might feel
pleased by something like that.

On arriving at Lucia's, James saw that the restaurant contained about twenty
tables, most of which were already occupied by diners. As he was escorted to his
table for two, James asked the Maitre de, in a voice loud enough to be heard by
his fellow customers to have one of the seats replaced by a slave seat. He was
heartened when his ears picked up the comments of approval from the other
diners, who watched with eager anticipation as a waiter brought over a slave
chair.

Becca tried to shake off her apprehension, she had stood by silently as James
requested the chair and felt her cheeks colour anew, as the comments rippled
about the room.

The slave chair looked like any ordinary dining chair, but the seat was of solid
wood into which had been set some 120 upturned metal bottle tops, each with a
serrated edge that promised agony to the naked flesh of unfortunate slave.

The fact that the very same flesh was still smarting from the strokes of the
strap would be an even bigger torment.

James gestured to the waiter to leave and stood behind Becca holding the chair
ready to slide under her as she sat down. "Make sure you lift your skirt well
up, my dear." James instructed her.  "We want our fellow diners to see how red
and fiery that well-chastised bottom of yours really is!!"

The chair looked worse than Becca had first imagined, she had thought it would
be merely a few tops, and that they would not be serrated as they were.  The
pain it would cause would no doubt be unbearable, she hoped she'd be able to sit
still and keep from embarrassing her Master by crying, or worse begging for
relief.

She could delay no longer as James held the chair for her.  Becca looked between
his face and the chair before turning to take her seat.  As instructed, she
lifted her skirt up to her waist above her bottom to more appreciative comments
from nearby patrons, and sat down slowly and carefully while James slid the
chair in.

"Thank you, Master."  She said softly.  The next sound was a quick intake of
breath as more of her weight settled her battered buttocks to the chair and
pressed the sharp edged into her still burning welts.  A second later she
whimpered in pain and clenched her eyes shut tight.

James watched Becca's anguish with a smirk of satisfaction on his saturnine
features, his eyes showing the excitement he felt at compelling the woman to
press her naked, well-beaten buttocks down on the jagged bottle tops. ~ That
welted skin must still feel really sore and tender, even after the time taken to
walk to the restaurant. Still, in future she will realise that when I set a time
limit, I expect her to comply with the restriction imposed. ~

Although Becca had still not allowed her full weight to rest on the seat, it was
bad enough already.  She leaned forward with her hands gripping the edge of the
table, her legs beginning to tremble within seconds of her attempting to avoid
the worse of the pain from the chair.  Becca knew her Master would not be
pleased with her for remaining that way, and steeled herself to more agony.

Another few seconds passed and she still had not found the courage to withstand
the bottle tops on her tender cheeks.  Becca whimpered again and was easily
awakening the pain with her trembling that seemed to vibrate her over the
serrated edges.  When she could support herself in that odd position no longer,
Becca settled completely with a bubbled up cry of pain.

Her eyes opened slowly after a few seconds and she turned to James to see his
reaction to her taking her seat.  Her eyes were already watering with pain as
each tiny, sharp tooth bit cruelly into her welted backside.

"Please Master, your slave apologizes but she cannot bear the pain."  Becca
whispered before she could stop herself.

~ Were his ears deceiving him?  Was she requesting mercy?  Did she have the
audacity to ask for leniency? ~

James did not respond immediately, but sat for a moment as if considering
Becca's heartfelt request and whether she should be excused from sitting on the
slave seat.

Becca sat through the torture of waiting and agony; every twitch of her body
added to the pain in her backside.  When the instruction finally came she looked
so relieved it was shameful but before Becca was able to thank him, James
continued.

Her eyes darted about the restaurant, trying to imagine just what he would order
her to do.  Becca looked genuinely frightened by the idea and whimpered softly.

"Very well, you are excused." James instructed.  "However, I have decided that
you will still feel pain, but not the physical sort, but more the mental anguish
of public humiliation." 

Allowing a moment's pause to allow his pronouncement to sink into Becca's
psyche, James continued.   "You will lift up the hem your skirt and tuck it into
the waistband so that your bottom and pussy are fully on show.  Then you will
open all the buttons of your blouse, pull it open and tie it behind your back in
order that your breasts are fully displayed."

James then looked around his fellow diners and noticed the interest and
anticipation displayed in their expressions said. "Becca, prior to commencing
the meal, you are to walk to each table and using words that demonstrate a
manner of suitable subservience, ask those seated to feel your cunt and breasts. 
After they have felt and examined the offered parts of your anatomy, you will
ask them for a recommendation as to your punishment for your failure to remain
seated on the slave chair."

Seeing the looks of sadistic eagerness on the faces of the other customers,
James eagerly awaited a varied selection of punishment recommendations that he
planned to consider on her return to his table.

Becca stood as James finished and obediently pulled out her blouse to unbutton
it and tied it behind her back.  With her eyes glued to the floor, Becca
arranged her skirt as ordered.  It took away from the relief she had at standing
from the slave chair.

"Yes, Master.  Thank you for your mercy Master."  She murmured softly, her voice
sounding incredibly close to tears as she dealt with the effort it took to stand
revealing herself to the restaurant.  For a moment, Becca feared she'd not be
able to move and if she took one step it would start her running from the
restaurant. 

She did not run, she merely turned to the nearest table; she didn't look around
to try and count the tables.  It wouldn't matter if there were merely three, it
would be just as humiliating.  Becca straightened her back and clasped her hands
to the back of her neck, her legs spreading.  He had not ordered the position,
she took it upon herself to present for the patrons in hopes of softening her
punishment.

"This slave . . . desires that you feel and examine her breasts and cunt."  She
murmured and was greeted by the man cupping his hand around his ear, an evil
grin on his face. 

"I'm sorry, I couldn't make that out, slave."  Becca blinked back her tears.

"This slave desires that you feel and examine her breasts and cunt, Sir."  She
said more clearly.  Her face was crimson, as bright as some of the welts on her
ass. 

Becca kept her eyes lowered as two pairs of hands extended to her body.  Her
breasts were lifted and squeezed softly, the hard nipples pinched.  One hand
slid between her parted thighs and over her sex, Becca realized she was wet at
that point and only blushed darker if it were possible.  Her legs trembled as
the hand slid along her moist folds then felt a lone finger penetrate her.  Much
more of this and she knew she could very well shame herself further before the
whole restaurant.  She dreads that she still has the rest of the restaurant to
visit.

The hands retreat and Becca sighs gently.  "May this slave know your
recommendation for her punishment for her failure?"  She asks clearly but low in
volume again.  Becca did not know what she would do if these customers are more
sadistic than her own Master.

"Yes, slave.  I would recommend you be whipped by the staff, against that wall
there," the gentleman points to a far wall with manacles dangling from the end
of chains.  "So that we may all be serenaded by your screams as we eat." 

The woman with him makes a much milder suggestion and comments that she does not
wish too much screaming with her dinner, as it will disturb conversation. 
Dismissed, Becca moves on to the next table. 

The scene is played out over and over again.  Some laughter is heard as she
reaches another table and the slick folds of her cunt are discovered.

"You should not be allowed to feel release, that is for certain, shameful
display slave, finding pleasure during your punishment."  Commented a male
diner, but the voice was amused and tipped his head to James in compliment.

Acknowledging the gesture James responded. " In the short time that she has been
my slave, she has shown herself to be a complete pain slut who revels in any
humiliation ordered by her betters. I just don't think that she can control her
eagerness to demonstrate what a whore she really is."

Her task complete, her body flushed with her arousal even as tears rolled slowly
down her cheeks in humiliation, Becca returned to her Master and awaited his
decision.

There had been many suggestions given, one woman had suggested Becca be stripped
and made into a living candelabra, that she lay across her Master's table with a
candle on each breast and at her sex, held in place by the wax.  Another man
suggested she be denied dinner, except from her Master's hand as she knelt by
his chair.  A variation had her eating from a dish on the carpet.  One man had
complained that another had beaten him to the punch by suggesting Becca be
James's plate for his meal and instead added that he have a nice juicy steak,
the cuts being superb in this restaurant. 

The laughter that had rippled about had frightened poor Becca and begun her
tears.  One had merely suggested that if the first woman did not wish to hear
the screams, Becca be strictly gagged and whipped and that they each have a turn
for desert.

Now she stood, presenting herself by her Master's side, trembling badly, her
inner thighs glistening with her moisture.



This work is copyright &copy; 2003 by Drayman. You may download and retain
  a copy for your personal use as long as the author's by-line, email address
  and this paragraph remain on the copy. Please do not post this story to any
  web site without permission from the author. All other rights reserved. No
  alteration of the contents is permitted.  
Drayman may be reached at ale.hig1@btopenworld.com  
Disclaimer: This story is a work of fiction. None of the characters or events
  herein is based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for
  the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex.
  If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you,
  do not read any further! By reading further, you certify that you have accessed/requested
  access to this material wilfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age
  or older. You also certify that to your knowledge, this material does not offend
  the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state,
  or federal law.  
CHAPTER FIFTEEN   
James smiled as he listened to the first suggestion ~ to see Becca twisting
  and writhing under the whip as he enjoyed his meal had a certain attraction
  that was well worth considering. ~  
James reached out and with the middle finger of his right hand he split Becca's
  love lips and felt the slick wetness of her arousal. Lifting his finger to
  Becca's mouth, he instructed her to clean the juices of her cunt from his finger.  
Becca saw his hand reaching towards her and knew she would not be able to
  hide any reaction, nor was she supposed to. Taking that thought, she moaned
  as her Master's finger ran teasingly along her wet folds, her legs trembling
  more than ever. He leaves her wanting as the patrons had, only it seemed worse
  this time as it was her Master's hand. The hand was before her face suddenly
  and Becca whimpered again before taking the finger between her lips obediently
  and suckling it. Her tongue ran gently over the digit before it was pulled
  from her mouth.  
"So slut," James addressed the trembling Becca. "We have quite a few suggestions
  to consider and, by the looks of you, you're obviously very excited at the
  prospect of any one of the proposals being implemented."  
Stroking his chin with his fingers, James gave the impression that he was
  deep in thought. He enjoyed the fact that his fellow diners eagerly awaited
  his decision.  
The candle suggestion and the using of Becca as a plate were appealing, but
  these would create too much disruption, whilst the feeding on her knees he
  felt was far to mild a diversion to his enjoyment of the meal.  
James was coming to the conclusion that the idea of Becca being whipped by
  a third party whilst and in the process he enjoyed his dinner, would be a fitting
  punishment for her failure to remain seated upon the slave seat. In addition,
  after the first session of pain had been inflicted on his slave, he decided
  that he would offer the opportunity of carrying out the remainder of Becca's
  punishment to his fellow diners.  
Requesting the maitre-de to approach his table, James ordered his meal and
  then checked that he was willing to release his staff to carry out Becca's
  whipping. On confirmation that this was perfectly acceptable, James proceeded
  to make arrangements to have Becca whipped during his meal and the maitre-de
  stood, his pen poised to note down James's instructions.  
"Whilst I enjoy my starter, I wish her to be silenced with a ball gag and
  fixed so that she is facing the wall. She is to be given 12 strokes of a medium
  leather paddle across her buttocks and 6 strokes to each of her upper thighs.
  For the main course, she is to receive 15 stripes of a small cat'o nine tails
  across her back, delivered by one of my fellow diners."  
James paused and listened to the appreciative comments from his fellow diners
  before he continued. "For desert, she will have her gag removed and, after
  turning the slut to face her audience, I would like her to be belted across
  her belly with a razor strop receiving 25 strokes, this again to be completed
  using the assistance of another diner. To accompany the cigars and liqueurs,
  I propose to whip my slut across those fine tits of hers so that they are well
  decorated with at least 20 red welts of agony."  
Becca whimpered as James spoke and closed her eyes. She wished desperately
  to leave the restaurant, to run and cover herself, but knew she no longer had
  any choice in anything and must stay. She had signed her life over to her Master,
  she could not leave and if she panicked and attempted it, Becca could not even
  fathom the type of punishment he might give her.  
She stood obediently and, even as her humiliation doubled she knew she was
  incredibly excited. One would never know she had even pondered running away
  and the fact she had thought it, brought even more shame to her mind.  
Becca was trying not to make any noise. She used that for focus, as anything
  else would have her running for the door. The punishment was to be harsh; her
  backside would take longer to heal from this whipping on top of the painful
  welts that still glowed. The drug in her system would have its work cut out
  for it before the meal was done. There was no longer any comfort that she would
  heal in a few hours.  
The maitre-de left James's table, but quickly returned carrying a box containing
  the instruments of Becca's forthcoming torture. He held the container and offered
  the contents for James's approval. In the manner of a bottle of wine being
  tasted by a customer, James lifted each implement and examined it before Becca's
  gaze, and he enjoyed the moment as a cat plays with a mouse.  
Summoning two waiters to James's table the maitre-de instructed them to escort
  Becca to where the waiting chains and manacles hung for the wall.  
Becca trembled more as the waiters came forward and feared for a moment that
  she would cause a scene, but managed to keep from crying too loudly. Becca
  was terrified and she knew she would not be able to get away. The two young
  men each took one of her arms and led her away before stripping her clothes
  more completely from her flushed body. Becca was too nervous to put up any
  sort of resistance let alone fumble as her skirt and blouse, even her stockings
  and garter belt were removed and her hair pulled up by a clip to leave her
  feeling even more naked.  
The waiters seemed to know precisely what they were doing and worked fast.
  The fair sized ball was held before her mouth and without even taking a moment
  to consider it; Becca opened her jaws and took it herself between her teeth.
  It was pushed in further and she groaned a complaint as the other waiter buckled
  it firmly in place.  
Becca could feel every eye in the restaurant watching her be positioned.
  Soft comments were exchanged at the look of her naked form. She heard someone
  joke over how sore her backside would be with the stripes already flaming on
  her cheeks. The reply from another patron chastised her indirectly for her
  poor behaviour and requiring so much punishment. Another was kinder saying
  she must be new to her position and that firm control such as this would be
  a blessing for her.  
Her legs were fairly spread and manacled tightly by one waiter while the
  other pulled her arms up and away, stretching her body into a living X against
  the wall. Becca pressed her forehead to the wall and cried softly in shame.
  Punishment was bad enough but to require punishment before the crowd was nearly
  too much for her to bear.  
Becca was fixed to the manacles that hung from the wall, her wrist and ankle
  bracelets were fixed so that she stood facing the wall, her arms pulled up
  and apart exposing the soft smoothness of her back. The jutting prominence
  of her bottom cheeks was thrown into relief by the securing of her ankle in
  a widespread pose revealing to all present the soft fig of her sex.  
The touch of the paddle startled her. Becca made a soft frightened noise
  in her throat as it was rubbed over her sore buttocks. Then it began. The pace
  was slow initially but painful just the same.  
The first six strokes were administered by one of the waiters whilst the
  other stood by the side to wait his turn. Each impact of the paddle pulled
  a muffled cry of agony from the bound slave. Her hips were knocked against
  the wall with every blow and her humiliation grew, as she knew it looked as
  if she were humping the wall.  
James watched as the hard leather surface of the paddle smashed into the
  soft yielding cheeks of Becca's bottom, raising six vivid red outlines of agony
  over the upper part of her buttocks. On completion of his task, the waiter
  handed the instrument to his colleague who, with similar precision proceeded
  to slash the paddle across the lower cheeks of Becca's arse.  
The upward direction of the strokes caused the jutting spheres to bounce
  and recoil on the impact of the leather paddle. The man had sufficient patience
  to wait until Becca settled after each blow of the paddle, before he used the
  paddle to smash into the reddening surface of her already badly marked bottom
  globes.  
The beating would have been extremely painful on unmarked flesh, but bearing
  in mind that Becca had already been caned earlier in the evening, the impact
  was even greater. On completion of the allotted number of blows to her buttocks,
  the waiter handed the instrument to his fellow whip master. With barely a cursory
  smoothing of the implement of torture down Becca's trembling thighs, the wicked
  leather was then brought swishing across her left thigh.  
The experience of the waiter in administering corporal punishment was revealed,
  as he made sure that the last three inches impacted against the soft and ultra
  tender surface of Becca's inner thigh, some three inches from her spread sex
  lips.  
James sat enjoying his starter and watching the energetic actions of the
  two waiters as Becca was subjected to the beating he had prescribed. After
  the waiter had placed another five red inflamed welts from knees to her cunt
  lips, he handed the paddle back to his fellow punishment master who proceeded
  to lay another six vivid stripes of pain to Becca's right thigh, following
  the pattern set on the left thigh. Becca was then left with her buttocks and
  thighs glowing with the intense heat of her beating, whilst James finished
  his starter.  
On completion of the beating a ripple of applause broke out in the restaurant
  as cries of 'Bravo' and 'Well Done' echoed in the ears of the waiters who had
  acquitted themselves so well. No doubt that their tips from the clientele would
  show an improvement as a result of the unexpected floor show.  
Before calling for his main course, James stood up and, as his fellow diners
  waited in silent anticipation, he said. "I recall a suggestion from one of
  my fellow diners that Becca be whipped and, as I do not wish the waiters to
  feel that they must exert themselves unduly, may I offer the pleasure of striping
  this slave's back with a cat-o-nine tails to that gentleman."  
A burst of applause broke out amongst the occupants of the many tables as
  the man who had made the suggestion stood up from his table. James noted that
  he was a man of some fifty summers, about 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighing
  approximately 170lbs. His face was rather flushed and his eyes glinted with
  eager anticipation at his forthcoming treat, whilst his close-cropped grey
  hair and a small grey moustache gave him a military appearance.  
He was in fact Greg Shunter, William's father and he had lived in Brookdale
  with his wife, Nora for the past 15 years. During his residence in Brookdale
  he had seen the town grow and prosper as a result of it's somewhat unusual
  residents.  
Greg and Nora took an active role in the life of the community and, at that
  time, had several slave girls including Julie who, at that moment was being
  subject to the sadistic activities of his son, under their control who had
  elected for a 1-year period in service instead of jail sentences for minor
  offences such as jay walking. He was wearing a lightweight beige suit, which
  bulged somewhat around his middle, and, as he quickly removed his jacket, the
  onlookers could see a slight paunch hanging over his leather belt.  
"That is mighty generous of you." Greg addressed James. "It is always a pleasure
  to show these slaves that orders are orders, and have to be obeyed."  
James offered him the leather cat-o-nine tails from the selection of instruments
  and he accompanied Greg to where Becca was tightly tethered awaiting the next
  instalment of her punishment.  
Becca strained to look over her shoulder as she heard her Master addressing
  the crowd. She didn't know how to react to the offer being given to another
  Master to perform the whipping. The waiters had seemed to be doing a good enough
  job, in her opinion. But as the man spoke, she knew to be a bit more afraid.
  He did not seem to be the gentle sort from the way he spoke.  
As Greg stood swishing the instrument of pain before him, James made the
  following announcement.  
"Greg here has kindly agreed to assist the employees of this establishment
  with the disciplining of my slave Becca. Please proceed and do not spare the
  disobedient wretch!!"  
She felt shame more keenly as James proclaimed her a 'disobedient wretch'.
  Becca cried softly and hid her face between the wall and her tautly raised
  arms. Her jaw was beginning to ache from the large ball held tightly between
  her teeth. She continued to whimper. She was definitely reflecting on her faults
  and wished desperately she could go back in time and remove the plea for mercy
  from the slave chair. This punishment was strong and her lesson was learned.  
They were behind her exposed back now; she could faintly hear the swish of
  the cat as the men spoke again. The sound changed suddenly and Becca knew it
  was on its way to her back. She tried not to tense her body.  
"I'll take great pleasure in showing the young lady the error of her ways
  and she should reflect on her faults as the whip stripes her back." Greg responded.
  Raising the cat-o-nine tails above his broad shoulder, he slashed it down making
  the wicked leather strips spread evenly across the smooth white surface of
  Becca's quivering back. Greg saw with delight the set of red stripes of agony
  that had been etched across the soft smooth surface.  
Painful red hued strips of fiery pain seemed to leap to the surface explode
  on her skin, and Becca jolted, pressing to the wall as her body withed and
  twisted. Her throat worked to make a noise, but her breath was simply not there,
  for it was forced from her by the sheer pain and torment that spread through
  her naked body. The patrons were thrilled by the display, as she began to almost
  dance but without moving.  
A second lash fell, contacting heavily against her straining back. Fresh
  stripes criss-crossed the first welts of pain. Becca desperately tried to scream
  through the ball, but the gag muffled the sound. Greg continued the whipping
  of the recaltriant woman, enjoying every second of punishing her soft skin.
  Her screams again began to fade to soft shuddering groans, coming through the
  gag that kept her from disturbing the patrons too much.  
James was able to observe the other patrons enjoying the sight of Becca being
  punished and he and the audience revelled in the pain demonstrated by the muffled
  sobs of Becca's screams, as the whip cut across her shoulders, vivid welts
  of agony burning across the sensitive skin. Her body thrust forward against
  the straps, as her face pressed against the hard wall surface and was then
  thrown back as pain cut across the surface of her skin. Her breath was driven
  from her body as she tried to absorb the severe blows.  
The cat' o nine tails sliced into her back again, and again Becca cried into
  the gag, as the wicked agony of the pain etched deep into the muscles of her
  back. Again the whip swished through the air and smacked against the middle
  of her writhing back, and then another stripe of pain ripped into the poor
  woman. There followed another blow, and another, each tore at the marble white
  skin of her twitching back, raising red stripes of pain across the soft, white
  skin of Becca's flesh each cutting deep lines of agony and torment.  
The vivid red welts of torture leapt up over the smooth white surface of
  Becca's writhing back as James continued with his meal. As he considered the
  rare nature of the steak on his plate, it reminded him of the state that Becca's
  back would be in, on the completion of the 15 strokes of the cat 'o nine tails.  
The whip drew back and this time the lashes cut into the soft flesh of Becca's
  slim waist, leaving a ring of torment and pain around her body. Greg drew back
  his arm again and let the whip find its mark as it again curled around her
  waist, this time and the sharp ends of the leather cut deep into her abdomen
  like the sting of a hundred scorpions. The other patrons in the restaurant
  applauded Greg's skill in the use of the whip and James saw several of them
  clap their hands together at the artistry of the last blow.  
Delighted at this opportunity to make use of his skill, Greg again sent the
  whip slashing across the surface of Becca's back and watched with satisfaction
  as it cut into her armpit and slice into the side of her heaving breast globe.  
Greg then moved to one side, and sent the whip slashing out with a backhanded
  move, and it cut into Becca's ribs with its bite and striped her belly flesh.
  Greg then flashed the instrument of agony once more, and watched as the tip
  slice into the soft tissue of her other soft globe.  
His next blows hit her back, and then Greg decided that he would again demonstrate
  his ability with the whip. As the sweat was coursing down Becca's naked flesh,
  Greg brought the whip around in a horizontal curve so that it swept around
  her ribs and the tip cut deeply into the nipple of her tit.  
The whip again hit Becca's lower back and it coiled around her hip, the sharp
  leather strands snatching at her smooth skin leaving marks of pure agony in
  her flesh. Becca's muffled sobs were becoming even more piteous, as she begged
  for mercy into the gag. Again Greg visited the lash to her writhing torso to
  cut into her sensitive flesh once again and the audience was treated to the
  torment of the poor woman as she attempted to absorb and control the sheer
  torture of her quivering body.  
James observed, with mounting pleasure, the final blows to Becca's shuddering
  nakedness and, in the writhing and twisting of her naked body saw the piteous
  agony of a slave whose only reason for her existence was to demonstrate she
  was a helpless female in severe and unrelenting pain. The sheer power of the
  emotion aroused in him a heady sensation of total control and supremacy in
  his veins.  
This work is copyright &copy; 2003 by Drayman. You may download and retain
  a copy for your personal use as long as the author's by-line, email address
  and this paragraph remain on the copy. Please do not post this story to any
  web site without permission from the author. All other rights reserved. No
  alteration of the contents is permitted.  
Drayman may be reached at ale.hig1@btopenworld.com  
Disclaimer: This story is a work of fiction. None of the characters or events
  herein is based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for
  the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex.
  If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you,
  do not read any further! By reading further, you certify that you have accessed/requested
  access to this material wilfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age
  or older. You also certify that to your knowledge, this material does not offend
  the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state,
  or federal law.  
CHAPTER SIXTEEN   
Back in the Leisure Club, William was continuing to put Tina through her
  paces.  
&quot;No. Please. Don't. I'm sorry. I won't do it again,&quot; Tina pleaded.
  She hadn't expected a whip that would tear her beautiful skin. &quot;Don't
  hurt me,&quot; she whimpered in the knowledge that her pleas were useless.
  Tears formed in her eyes before she felt the first lash.  
"Listen to the mewling of the pitiful bitch." William said to the two attendants.  
His eyes glinted with pleasure, as William watched Tina's tears brimming
  in her eyes seeing her hanging before him awaiting his enjoyment. The whip
  traced along the upper surface of her thrusting breasts and then, as the caress
  of the implement reached her nipples pulled the switch across to poke into
  the stretched milky white surface of side of her tits. Laying the length of
  the implement across her smooth and yielding belly-flesh, he traced the thin
  switch across the slight concave indentation of her bellybutton and continued
  with it's trailing point of agony down across lower belly to the contoured
  muscles of her straining thighs.  
Moving around to the back of the frame, William tapped the leather against
  the top of Tina's arse cheeks, and then proceeded to pass the thin length of
  torment over the summit of her globes to where the soft ultra sensitive flesh
  of the under-curve of her buttocks met the top of her thighs, tapping the whip
  against the tender flesh.  
 "That flesh will soon bear the pretty pattern of pain from neck to knee
  slut and will teach you that, in future, you will learn to obey your Master." William
  informed the tethered figure.  
Pulling the length of tormenting leather away from the straining figure of
  Tina, William brought it swiftly down, so that it bit into her squirming back
  muscle halfway up her back, and it swiped, curling around her torso to cut
  into the soft outer surface of her breast. He repeated the stroke with a backhand
  slash to mark the flesh of her other breast, and then he continued to lace
  the whip across her back until it was painted from waist to shoulders with
  thirty stinging welts of torment.  
"Will you now do as I order, woman or do I need to acquaint the whip to your
  tender tits before you learn?" William questioned Tina.  
Tina hung her head downward as he questioned her. Anything, she would do
  anything to avoid being whipped again. &quot;Yes,&quot; she began feebly, &quot;I
  will do what you have ordered me to do.&quot; In her suffering she had even
  forgotten what he had demanded of her. It didn't make any difference. He never
  gave her any real choice anyway.&nbsp;  
On seeing Tina sobbing, her tears flowing down her cheeks like a torrent
  of water, William was determined to make the girl suffer the humiliation of
  her capitulation.  
"So, you will agree to do as I order?" William responded to Tina's weak voiced
  agreement. "Very well, I will release you from your bonds and, as an extra
  requirement, after using your fingers to masturbate your clit and licking them
  clean, you will then kneel before me, cupping your breasts in your hands and
  repeat the following offering:  
 `Your slave awaits your pleasure, her mouth, her tits, her cunt and her
  arse are for your use, Master.'  
After repeating that phrase, you will get down on your hands and knees facing
  away from me, legs well open, and using your hands spread the cheeks of your
  arse for my inspection. You will insert the index finger of your right hand
  into your fundament up to the final knuckle and, after receiving my permission
  to remove it, you will hold open your buttocks so that I may inspect the brown
  rosebud of your anus."  
William then released Tina from the frame and returned to his seat. His instructions
  were deliberately designed to make the slave girl show abject and demeaning
  subjugation to his will.  
"Carry on with my order, girl." An impassive William instructed Tina. "Remember
  that those soft tits of yours will suffer if you delay in displaying your attributes
  for my pleasure.&quot;  
Tina had collapsed upon her release and she slowly picked herself up and
  took a kneeling position before her tormentor. Her entire body ached and it
  was all she could do to bring herself upright. She could not bear to look at
  her sadistic tormentor, or the other two men forming an audience for her humiliation.  
She felt ashamed and degraded by the term slave and what he was demanding
  of her. It was bad enough doing if for this teenage monster, but in front of
  Julie and the attendants only heaped more degradation upon her.  
But she needed to get past that or she would find herself being whipped across
  her breasts or, even worse being subjected to more degrading and merciless
  torture. With her eyes filled with tears, she did as William directed. She
  knelt upright and turned to face him. At least she wouldn't have to look at
  the other men.  
~Concentrate on what you are about to do and forget all about who is watching~
  she told her self. She slipped into a private space in her mind that would
  allow her to ignore the humiliation.  
Slowly she traced her fingers down to the fork of her being and delicately
  opened the soft petals of her cunt lips, inserting her fingers into the moist
  cave. Feeling for her clit, she began to softly rub against the sensitive bud
  until she could feel the emission of her juices begin to coat her fingers.
  She kept her legs apart and with her left hand she spread her labia lips open
  for him, allowing him to see the brighter pink interior.  
With her other hand, Tina began stroking her slit. Despite herself, the wetness
  came. She tugged on her clit and rubbed it between her fingers, her fingers
  alternated between playing with her nub and fucking herself. Starting with
  one finger and moving gradually up to three, she thought back to her last lover
  and how he had made her feel. Her eyes no longer saw William before her, but
  the young man &ndash; so virile, so dark and handsome. Her eyes fluttered and
  her legs grew weak as she started moaning from the pleasure welling up between
  her legs. She knew her breasts were heaving as well, whilst the only sound
  was that which her juices made as she masturbated and the moans that escaped
  unbidden.  
She was so close . . . .  
Watching Tina's heaving breast globes, William realised that she was fast
  approaching the point of orgasm and he could hear the slick wet sounds of her
  fingers as they slid in and out of her sex.  
Knowing that he did not want her to achieve satisfaction and revelling in
  the absolute power that he held over the woman, he decided that he would prolong
  her torment.  
&quot;Stop, do not allow yourself to cum or you will again feel the whip!!!&quot; William
  ordered.  
Tina's eyes were just started to cloud over as they had a habit of doing
  as she approached her climax. After retreating into her secret place within
  her mind, she was actually looking forward to the pleasure that would follow.
  It would be such a relief from the pain.  
His words pulled her back to reality quickly but William's timing couldn't
  have been worse for her. The tingling sensation between her legs was coming
  to life and, for a moment she considered disobeying him. But, for only a moment,
  the thought of a whip cutting into her tender skin was enough to cause her
  to stop.  
Tina pulled her wet fingers from her drenched pussy and, not knowing what
  he wanted of her, she hung her arms limp beside her hips. She couldn't bring
  herself to look at him or the others. What he had made her do was too humiliating
  for her to bear them looking at her so she hung her head downward in her shame.  
As Tina knelt before him, her hands at her sides, William saw her juices
  sliding down her inner thighs. He watched her heaving breasts as she resigned
  herself to not being able to cum and decided that he now intended to humiliate
  her even further and push her to the limits of self-abasement.  
&quot;Put the fingers that have just been inside your cunt, into your mouth
  and lick and suck them clean. When they are clean, you then have my permission
  to get down on your hands and knees, legs well open, spread the cheeks of your
  arse and stick your index finger up your arse as far as it will go.&quot; William
  callously ordered Tina. &quot;And afterwards, you will then offer me your charms
  for my pleasure.&quot;  
Tina kept her head downcast as she heard him issue his orders. "Would he
  never be satisfied?" She pondered. He will only want to heap humiliation upon
  humiliation on me, she thought. Why he wanted to debase her like this she had
  no idea. She could no longer hide in her secret place,&hellip;. because she
  was going to have to confront the fact that he was doing this to her  
Realising that undue delay would result in her breasts being whipped; she
  removed her fingers, accompanied by a soft squelching and put them to her lips.
  Seeing William watching intently, she opened her mouth and after inserting
  the fingers, began to lick and suck them clean.  
~ My God, what has become of her self-esteem, ~ Tina thought. To subjugate
  herself before such a wicked teenage boy, to the extent that he was in so much
  control that she was compelled to obey each of his sadistic and degrading demands.  
After ensuring that she had obeyed his instructions to the letter, William
  ordered the kneeling woman, "Now show me your arse, woman."  
Tina bent over and got onto her hands and knees and she spread her legs a
  little further apart, supported herself on one hand. Reaching behind her, she
  fanned her hand out and with her fingers she spread her cheeks wide. She pressed
  her finger against her rosebud opening and it started to go in. Luckily for
  her, her finger was wet with her saliva and she managed to insert it up to
  her second knuckle then, with great effort, she sank it to the final knuckle
  and waited for William's permission to remove it.  
William watched Tina position herself before his gaze; he took in the cheeks
  of her arse lewdly spread open exposing that most private of places, her anal
  opening. William saw the intrusion of first the end of her finger and then
  watched her press harder so that it was fully embedded in her fundament.  
"Very good, bitch." William commented. "You may now remove your finger."  
On hearing his words, Tina pulled the digit it out, but remained on her hands
  and knees knowing that the bastard would now heap indignity on indignity by
  making her beg and offer her intimate charms for his use. She adopted a position
  with her face flat to the hard floor, her backside thrusting up and her knees
  well spread, and Tina used both hands to pull apart her buttocks to expose
  the crinkled entrance to her anus for William's avid inspection.  
~ Power, the ultimate power to force a woman to act so humiliatingly before
  him on his orders, that was the power which he drank in huge draughts as he
  watched Tina. ~  
"OK slut," William said. "You have shown me your wares, now let me hear you
  offering them for my use."  
Tina took a kneeling position facing her tormentor. Her entire body ached
  and it was all she could do to bring herself upright. Slowly she cupped her
  breasts in her hands.  
&quot;Your . . . your . . .&quot; she had trouble with the words until she
  convinced herself they had no meaning. &quot;Your slave awaits your pleasure,
  her mouth, her . . . her tits, her . . .her cunt,&quot; she was stumbling over
  the words anyway. &quot;and her behind are for your use . . . Master.&quot; Her
  lips were trembling as she repeated the hateful words.  
"Arse, I said ARSE woman, not behind!!" William yelled at the kneeling Tina. "Are
  you so stupid that you can not repeat simple phrases that a slave girl is required
  to recite at any time?" William slammed the flat of his hand across Tina's
  face and then backhanded her another blow, knocking her head sideways.  
"Then show me that arse again, woman and we'll see how you like my cock up
  your 'behind'." William shouted, his face breaking into a grin at his mocking
  use of Tina's expression.  
Tina again dropped to all fours and swivelled around to display her backside
  to William. Dropping to his knees behind Tina's proffered bottom, William took
  hold of his hardened weapon in his hand, and began to rub the sensitive head
  across the puckered hole, whilst his other hand leaned over and gripped the
  nipple of one of her breasts.  
&quot;Keep that arse of yours offered to me, or I'll rip this little teat
  from your tit.&quot; William threatened as he began to force his swollen prick
  into Tina's bottom hole.  
&quot;UGGGGGGGG!!&quot; Tina cried out as she felt him enter her anus. She
  shivered from the pain, closing her eyes and biting her lip. She wanted to
  pull away from William but the core of fear at his anger, as well as watching
  Julie's recent dehumanising rape in the exercise room, kept her in place.  
As Tina's body shivered with the pain of William's shaft being forced into
  ever widening hole of her anus, he pulled back slightly and then thrust forward
  with a force that plunged his cock deep into her nether hole. His cock sank
  down her tight tunnel, boring a hole open for itself as it worked its way into
  her.  
William felt Tina's anus tighten around his penetrating cock, as it moved
  deeper into her with less resistance. Then his balls were pressed against her
  buttocks and his weapon was fully buried inside her. His hands gripped her
  hips and began to squeeze and pull them towards him, seeming to try to get
  even deeper penetration. He slowly began to pull back and, at the same time
  push her away with his hands on her buttocks, sliding his male flesh down out
  of her back tunnel several inches, then pushing it forward again.  
Working up speed, and forcing open Tina's anus as his cock slowly pumped
  into her, William sped up further, and then further. Soon he was hammering
  his cock into her rectum, his hips pounding against her buttocks, making her
  shake and jerk back and forth in time to his powerful thrusts.  
"Yes,&hellip;.yes take it take it you whore!!!&hellip;." Cried William.  
Tina's cries of pain echoed off of the exercise room walls, as William speared
  her ruthlessly. Unable to stop them, tears began to trail down her cheeks.
  Each stroke and thrust tore more of her soul in shreds.  
Yet, against her mental anguish, her body responded to the violation of her
  anus, she felt her nipples harden and peak, while her cunt began to juice up
  and twitch. Her clit too swelled, as blood rushed to it. ~Why had she been
  subjected to such abuse by the youngster? ~  
William's right hand moved to cup Tina's cunt and he forced his index finger
  into the juicy tunnel of her sex. The finger was followed by a second. The
  two of them rubbed harshly in and out between her pussy-lips. His bouncing
  arse jiggled as he humped into her from behind, his crotch hair rasping like
  wire wool up into the tight, sweating cleavage between her rounded buttocks.  
William's breathing became harsh pants, as he fingered and skewered the woman,
  his left hand pulled in hard against her stomach, pulling her back against
  him, forcing Tina's buttocks back against his rutting organ. Her bottom and
  lower back were crushed against his jiggling belly and Tina appeared to shove
  back into him as if he were a mattress or soft cushion whilst his cock, hard
  and pulsing with lust, drove high up into her guts, its pointed cock-head jabbing
  up into her colon like a hot iron spike.  
As much as she wanted to resist the awakening urges in her body, Tina was
  unable to suppress them. She began rocking with William's movements, her eyes
  closed, breathing growing more and more ragged and her heart pounding in her
  chest. A deep moan built in the back of her throat, as her body began to feel
  the growing passion in her nether regions build and expand outwards. Her cunt's
  juices started flowing and coating William's fingers as they again returned
  to that moist cave, flexing and gripping them with each thrust.  
William's fingers continued to rub back and forth across Tina's clit, grinding
  and sawing against the little pink bud of flesh, as they pumped in and out
  of her cunt tunnel. His other hand moved to cup one of her dependent breasts,
  squeezing and pinching it in his vice-like fingers.  
Pulling his fingers from her sopping cunt, William seized a chunk of Tina's
  hair and forcing her head far back and twisting it towards him, his teeth bit
  into the side of her throat. He bit her again, this time higher, then again,
  higher still, just on her cheek. Then his lips closed on hers, enveloping them
  and cutting off her panting breaths, as his drool covered tongue pushed into
  her mouth and writhed around inside her oral cavity  
William's shaft continued to slide up and down Tina's rectum, which was well
  and truly reamed out now, giving little resistance as he humped harder up against
  her split buttocks.  
As much as Tina tried to mentally fight against the growing desire she felt
  at the humiliation that William wreaked upon her person, her body responded
  to him. She cried out and moaned her desire as she felt her body giving in
  to him and even her mind began to surrender to what was happening.  
Releasing his possession of Tina's mouth, William leaned back and feeling
  the oncoming surge in his balls, he pulled Tina to him one last time. His belly
  smacked against the smooth flesh of her arse cheeks.  
"Take it&hellip;&hellip;. take it, you slut," William cried "take all of
  it&hellip;&hellip;." As his cock erupted and forced his cum into Tina's rectum.
  His weapon continued to twitch and quiver as it expelled the last spurting
  of his spend up the cloying tunnel of her back hole.  
Releasing his hold on Tina's hair and breast, William roughly shoved her
  away, his wilting cock withdrawing from her arse with a sucking sound as it
  came free of her anus.  
This work is copyright &copy; 2003 by Drayman. You may download and retain
  a copy for your personal use as long as the author's by-line, email address
  and this paragraph remain on the copy. Please do not post this story to any
  web site without permission from the author. All other rights reserved. No
  alteration of the contents is permitted.  
Drayman may be reached at ale.hig1@btopenworld.com  
Disclaimer: This story is a work of fiction. None of the characters or events
  herein is based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for
  the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex.
  If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you,
  do not read any further! By reading further, you certify that you have accessed/requested
  access to this material wilfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age
  or older. You also certify that to your knowledge, this material does not offend
  the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state,
  or federal law.  
 CHAPTER SEVENTEEN   
Julie had watched with horror as William ravaged Tina, forcing his cock deep
  into the blonde girl's anus and erupting into her squirming arse with a cry
  of satisfaction and triumph. She saw with revulsion, the limp member as it
  slowly slipped from between Tina's buttocks leaving a trail of slimy white
  semen across the girl's smooth flesh.  
"Use your tongue to clean me, woman." William ordered, indicating to Tina
  that he expected her to carry out the task. Tina reacted with ill-concealed
  disgust as she realised that William was expecting her to obey his instruction
  without delay.  
~What pain awaited her if she disobeyed?? ~ Tina thought, as she turned and
  knelt between his thighs, her face just inches from the weapon that had just
  invaded her arse. Tina stared at the wilting cock, covered with the juice of
  William's spend and then slowly bent her head to take the slick organ into
  her mouth, her lips pressing against the slippery flesh. Her taste buds were
  assailed by the salty taste of William's essence, mixed with the earthiness
  of the inside of her own rectum. Luckily for her, Tina had given herself an
  enema about an hour earlier, so the deposits on William's cock were relatively
  clean. Tina could well recall the stomach wrenching experience of cleaning
  the shaft of another resident of Brookdale, which had been badly soiled by
  the excrement of another slave.  
William enjoyed the sensation of Tina's soft lips and tongue cleaning his
  shaft and he sighed with satisfaction, as he felt her tongue licking along
  the surface of his shaft, her lips caressing the surface as she endeavoured
  to satisfy his orders to clean him.  
As William gazed down on Tina's gently nodding head, he marvelled at her
  compliant manner and pondered the many agonies that were open for others to
  inflict upon her, if she had the temerity to refuse their orders. She had already
  been in training, but that still did not prevent them from letting her gain
  more experience of the power of a whip or cane lashing into her flesh.  
"I've had my fill of you now, whore, so get back to your Master " William
  informed the despoiled figure of Tina. "Tell him that I enjoyed his hospitable
  use of your charms, but that I would suggest that he liven you up with a hot
  ginger enema."  
Tina rose from her knees and made her way towards the exit of the Leisure
  Complex, to return to her Master with William's wicked instructions whirling
  through her mind.  
~ Why had God decided that she should suffer in this way???&hellip;..what
  had she done to deserve such treatment at the hands of a teenager? ~  
Even after all the torment and torture that he had put her through already,
  William could not resist the idea of making her suffer further.  
A true sadist, for one so young in years!!!!  
Julie looked on, her face showing an expression of ill-concealed disgust
  as she watched Tina minister to the demands of the teenager. On dismissing
  Tina, William noticed the expression on Julie's features and, with a voice
  dripping with menace he questioned the tethered girl. "What's up with you,
  whore? Are you jealous that Tina was getting the attention?" William laughed.  
The reaction from Julie was somewhat unexpected.  
&quot;Are you satisfied now? We have obeyed you and you have shamed us both
  by your vile and despicable actions. You wicked nasty little bastard. You little
  perverted shit&hellip;. I hope that you will rot in hell for this!!!&quot; Julie
  screamed, her voice shrill and piercing.  
Hearing Julie's words, William instantly reacted to what was such an example
  of impertinence and disobedience on the part of the woman.  
"I'll have no cheek from you, bitch!" William exclaimed. "You still appear
  to have not accepted that you are now a sexual slave in this community, but
  have no fear that I will break you until you readily offer that body and mind
  to be used for whatever purpose is required."  
~ Oh my God, what have I done??? ~ Thought Julie as she realised the enormous
  risk she had taken speaking so brazenly. What had she done???  
~ What Julie really wanted was to cut his balls off for putting them through
  the torment and torture, but every time she thought about resisting, she became
  nauseous. ~  
In what turned out to be a futile attempt to redeem herself, Julie cried
  out to William. "Please&hellip;..please&hellip;I did not mean to say such things&hellip;&hellip;It's
  j&hellip;..just&hellip;that my mind seemed to b&hellip;b..break!!!"  
Looking across at the two attendants, William said. "Fix her on her back
  on that horizontal frame and we will see if she is still as stubborn, after
  she has felt my cock in her pussy and up her arse, while she has to take one
  of you down her throat."  
The attendants quickly fixed Julie spread-eagled out on the frame and watched
  as William went and stood between Julie's widespread thighs, his rock hard
  shaft quivering at the entrance to her cunt. William then requested the attendants
  to disrobe and, when they were suitably naked he saw that they were both well-hung
  studs.  
He instructed one of the attendants to take a tight grip on her breasts and,
  on his signal he was to twist and pull Julie's nipples.  
"I want this slave to realise that she is here for the pleasure of others
  and it is her duty to ensure that pleasure." William addressed the men. "I
  suggest that one of you have her suck your cock, whilst I want the other to
  carry on twisting and pulling the bitch's tits."  
As the attendant complied, William thrust his cock deep into Julie's open
  sex, plunging it solidly in until his hips battered against the junction of
  her thighs. William watched the other attendant who was forcing his powerful
  shaft in and out of Julie's mouth enjoying the feel of her soft lips on his
  spear.  
Julie became weak from her fruitless struggling and she realised that more
  resistance would only result in more pain. When she felt William's hard erection
  at the entrance to her pussy, she couldn't resist any longer. In a way, she
  wanted him to get it over with. Then one of the attendants grabbed her tits
  . . . and she knew it wouldn't be long now. She sought again that private place
  within her mind that would divorce her from what was happening to her body.  
William's intention to have some amusement from Julie was the reason for
  the actions of the attendant twisting Julie's breasts and, as he stood between
  Julie's spread thighs, his cock quivering and rock hard only inches from the
  entrance of her cunt, the cruel individual inserted the tip of his shaft into
  Julie's spread sex and, as her body reacted to the pain of her nipples being
  stretched and pinched, he would indulge himself by riding her pain.  
Julie yelled as the man began torturing her poor tits. All her attention
  focused on her nipples . . . until she felt William start to enter her. She
  surprised herself as she tried to push against him to take more of him inside.
  Her body seemed to have a will of it's own. But he kept pulling back so that
  only the tip probed between her wet labia. The torment and frustration she
  felt almost overruled the pain in her nipples . . . almost. Her screams continued
  but fell upon deaf ears.  
William continued to tease Julie with his movements and he could see how
  his actions were causing her to try and entice his cock into her widespread,
  well -lubricated cunt.  
"Do you like a thick cock up you, slave?&quot; William questioned as he proceeded
  to tease in and out of her clinging cunt. &quot;Come on, wriggle that ass or
  I'll make it wriggle under the kiss of a cane, you idle bitch.&quot; William's
  pace began to quicken.  
Out then in, out then in, the hard shaft spearing Julie's pussy, she felt
  new tears on her cheeks again, but could only just stay where she was offered
  open and secured for the use of William and his cohorts in torment. William
  continued to ram himself harder and deeper inside of her and this left her
  numb, her head was spinning as the thick cock of the attendant continued to
  saw in and out of her mouth, bruising her lips as they were crushed against
  her teeth.  
Julie did not know she had actually done what he was demanding, she was moving
  her body, really trying to ease the pain of his invasive thrusts, but this
  in fact only adding to &quot;His&quot; enjoyment.  
Despite herself, Julie felt the stirrings within herself ~No...you can't,
  can't let him make you cum Julie, can't~ she thought to herself, as William's
  hard cock thrust in and out of her now wet cunt. A small moan escaped Julie's
  throat, giving the attendant an additional caress to his thrusting cock, as
  she tried to act like she was only clearing her throat.  
~ "Oh God, Please No..no&hellip;no&hellip;" she begged to herself, don't
  let him, the beast realise that her body was giving into him." ~  
Meanwhile William continued to fuck Julie with a powerful action, plunging
  deep into the confines of her warm wet cave. As he felt his cock grow harder,
  William signalled to the other man to increase the severity of his breast torture,
  and he saw the sharp nails dig into the soft mounds and the brown buds of her
  nipples.  
Feeling Julie's body bucking against him and hearing the girl moan, William
  felt great satisfaction in overcoming the slave's initial reluctance to submit.
  The tracks of her juices down her inner thighs gave William the evidence that
  he needed that she was beginning to give into the emotions of her body. As
  he continued to slam into her squirming, writhing flesh, his shaft was gripped
  by the tightening of Julie's cunt muscles, William realised that the woman's
  body was reacting to his onslaught. ~ What other sadistic delights he could
  indulge with this woman now she realised her place? ~  
William watched as the attendant making use of her mouth also grasped the
  tender globes of her breasts. The nubs had grown stiff and erect, another example
  of her arousal and the pulling and pinching the nipples and the soft mounds,
  caused William to feel his climax rapidly approaching.  
&quot;Cum&hellip;. cum.. You randy whore&hellip;you know you can't resist
  me, no matter how you try!!&quot; cried William  
Sinking his hard cock into Julie's open sex, William felt the ultimate exultation
  of mastering a slave. His balls collided with her ass cheeks at each inward
  stoke and, as he withdrew, Julie's hips lifted to meet him as if to entice
  him back into her soft yielding cunt.  
At that moment, the attendant being serviced by Julie's soft sweet mouth,
  pulled his pulsating shaft from between her sucking lips and, with a cry of
  ultimate satisfaction, sprayed his slimy thick threads cum juice over her face
  covering her forehead and cheeks with the slippery deposit of his spend.  
Julie let out a squeal as she felt the disgusting deposit of the attendant's
  enjoyment cover her face and as William gripped the softness of her hips ~what
  else can this monster do to make me hurt! ~ Julie thought to herself with anger
  in her eyes.  
&quot;No&quot; Julie screamed out as loud as her voice would allow, &quot;No,
  I can't cum, will not allow it&hellip;. No&hellip;no" She was having difficulties
  breathing as William was ramming his cock in and out of her dripping cunt. "YOU
  can't make me&hellip;. no&hellip;......me...me ...CUM.&quot;  
But it was too late, Julie could not control her body, it over ran her brain
  and she came and came and came, so very very hard. Despite her protestations,
  she could feel that her juices had coated her cunt walls and her widespread
  thighs.  
Tears, falling from Julie's eyes again, she was so angry with herself, she
  could not believe she could not stop herself from cumming. She could feel William's
  hard cock pulsing inside of her tight cunt knowing that he had conquered her
  like no other man, he was getting off on her pain, her fear and his complete
  domination of her total being.  
~Damned Monster of a man, you will pay for this someday&hellip;.. trust me
  you will!&hellip;&hellip;.. get off me you pig~ Julie mumbled these words under
  her breath.  
On hearing Julie's screams of defiance, William was even more determined
  to overcome her resistance and, as he felt his belly and the front of his thighs
  coated with her love juices, he realised that Julie had an orgasm despite her
  efforts to resist. When he reluctantly withdrew his still rock hard shaft from
  her dripping cunt, he smelt the musk rising from her body.  
&quot;You have been well fucked by your Master, have you not slave?&quot; William  
questioned. &quot;Your reluctance has been overcome, but I've a mind to make
  you suffer for your defiant words, maybe a pair of red hot tongs gripping that
  sharp tongue of yours will curb your outbursts. However, there's one more hole
  that I have yet to try  
. ~ She hated him . . . she hated him . . .&quot; But that didn't stop her
  body from reacting to his fucking. Her hips had risen to meet his thrusts as
  if she was trying to get more and more of him inside her. Julie no longer knew
  what she wanted&hellip;&hellip;.. She was so confused. ~  
William quickly released Julie's ankles from the frame fixtures and refastened
  them to a pair of chains hanging above the frame so that her bottom was level
  with his waist, her legs spread, her bottom cheeks open wide revealing her
  dripping cunt and above it, the dimpled brown rosette of her anus. With a small
  degree of manoeuvring, he positioned the glistening head of his weapon at the
  tight opening. With only the juices from Julie's own sex to lubricate the stiff
  shaft, he forced his stiff cock through the sphincter of her ass muscle and
  the rigid shaft pierced into the dark tunnel of her rectum.  
"I said that I would have your arse, and now that time has come." William
  shouted at the helpless woman. The girth of his cock split the muscles of Julie's
  arse easily apart, as he forced up inside her and he proceeded to ride her.
  William rutted and jerked against her body, shaking and battering her naked
  helplessness violently and he felt the juices burn within his cock as he readied
  himself to pump his seed into Julie's ass. He slowed his strokes and then quickened
  as he savoured the sight of Julie being filled in her arse. ~ I wonder how
  she will react to my orders now? ~  
William realised that he could not hold out much longer, notwithstanding
  his wish to prolong Julie's degradation and humiliation and gasped as he felt
  his seed expelled from the tip of his shaft and fill Julie's rectum and he
  savoured the feel of the conquest of her naked young body surround him.  
It was this last act that finally broke her. The humiliation and pain were
  simply too much to bear. No one had ever taken her through that portal before
  and it was something she had always refused her lovers. Now her body grew limp
  as she surrendered to the inevitable, she no longer had any control over the
  most secret part of her body.  
As Julie's sphincter muscle relaxed, the pain eased in her behind and her
  mouth grew slack as well, no longer caring. She was just a rag doll being used
  as they saw fit. Her will no longer mattered and, as her screams died off,
  only the tears remained to show she still had any feelings at all.  
Pulling out his rapidly deflating cock from Julie's ass, William instructed
  the tethered woman to make use of her mouth to clean his weapon.  
Julie listened with horror as he heard William's words. "Now you will have
  the opportunity to show what a good slave you have become. You will clean my
  cock with your tongue and lips "  
William moved from between Julie's widespread legs and positioned himself
  standing alongside her face, noticing the tears streaming down her cheeks as
  he stood with his foul smeared shaft inches from her lips.  
"Get on with it, woman or you'll suffer even more."  
Julie didn't have an opportunity to figure it out. William was standing over
  her face now. She could see his weapon, covered with brown stains from her
  own behind. Briefly she closed her eyes to find the strength to carry out this
  most humiliating act. When she opened them again; she had found that secret
  place in her mind that told her this was someone else doing this, not her.  
Julie lifted her head and, with her tongue began cleaning her filth off of
  him. The smell and taste were terrible, but she did not shirk for she knew
  there would be a penalty if she did, and she hadn't the strength for any more
  suffering.  
Looking down at Julie, William watched as Julie's facial expression showed
  her reaction of distaste to his order to clean his cock of her own deposits,
  whilst the smell wafted upwards and invaded his own nostrils. A smile crossed
  William's features and his eyes watched as she raised her head and with her
  tongue, began to lick and clean the foulness from him.  
"Make sure that you clean it properly, bitch." William said, his voice quiet
  but loaded with menace. He moved closer to the pinioned figure, forcing his
  maleness deep into Julie's mouth, not allowing her any opportunity to turn
  away from him.  
"Come on, come on and hurry up!!! Let me feel your tongue and lips showing
  some real effort in cleaning off your own wastes from your Master's cock."  
William could not resist the temptation to debase the woman even further
  by his choice of words as he continued to grind Julie's self esteem into the
  dust.  
Such pleasures to look forward to!!! To have such a woman obeying his every
  command, what more could a seventeen-year old youth long for????  
This work is copyright &copy; 2003 by Drayman. You may download and retain
  a copy for your personal use as long as the author's by-line, email address
  and this paragraph remain on the copy. Please do not post this story to any
  web site without permission from the author. All other rights reserved. No
  alteration of the contents is permitted.  
Drayman may be reached at ale.hig1@btopenworld.com  
Disclaimer: This story is a work of fiction. None of the characters or events
  herein is based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for
  the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex.
  If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you,
  do not read any further! By reading further, you certify that you have accessed/requested
  access to this material wilfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age
  or older. You also certify that to your knowledge, this material does not offend
  the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state,
  or federal law.     
   
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN   
As William's session with Julie was drawing to a close, James was considering
  the next stage of Becca's ordeal, a thin razor strop being belted across the
  smooth firm flesh of her belly. ~Should he carry out the remainder of her punishment
  himself, or should he invite another of his fellow diners to assist? ~  
"Decisions, decisions, life is so full of decisions!!!"  
After reflecting on the matter for a few short moments, James summoned the
  maitre-de who attended together with the two waiters that had assisted with
  Becca's earlier ordeal. The waiters released Becca's wrist bracelets from the
  wall manacles and turned her to face her audience.  
"Please remove her gag." James requested and the waiters quickly unfastened
  the leather strap holding the gag in place, so that Becca was again able to
  move her jaw. On James's instructions, the waiters fixed Becca's wrists to
  the wall manacles so that her arms were spread to the side and held about 15
  inches above her shoulders, thrusting her breasts forward.  
"As you can see," James addressed his fellow diners, "this slave is now well
  positioned to receive the remainder of her punishment. However, whilst I intend
  to reserve for myself the pleasure of whipping her breasts with a stiff cane,
  I would like one of the ladies present to give the slut 25 strokes of the razor
  strop over her midriff and lower abdomen."  
James's gaze fell upon a woman in her early thirties named Victoria Jennings,
  who was sat at a table with several of her friends. She had been particularly
  vocal in her encouragement to Greg Shunter to 'lay it on hard' as he was whipping
  Becca's back. Beckoning the woman forward, James enquired if she would be willing
  to assist in the continuing punishment of Becca.  
"Certainly," responded Victoria, who had been resident in Brookdale for several
  years and was employed as the Mayor's secretary. Like Greg Shunter, the Mayor's
  office made full use of those unfortunate creatures that had fallen foul of
  Brookdale's rules and regulations. At the present time, Victoria was in charge
  of five women with an age range of 18 to 45, who were subject to her autocratic
  rule that was both fickle and sadistic, so she considered herself well qualified
  to assist James in his punishment of Becca.  
Victoria stood before Becca, her steely gaze fixed on the soft, slightly
  convex area of Becca's defenceless flesh that would soon be feeling the smack
  of the sleek well-oiled razor strop. Victoria's allowed her fingernails to
  trace across the yielding, as yet unmarked surface of Becca's tummy, pausing
  to dig her sharp nails into the springy flesh and then proceeded to pinch the
  area around the area of her belly button where it sat in the swell of her abdomen.  
~ Victoria recalled an incident earlier that day, when she had found it necessary
  to administer a severe 36 stroke caning to the naked posterior of the eldest
  of her charges, Mrs Alison Brown. Mrs Brown, who had been widowed in her early
  thirties, had been driving in Brookdale with her 24 year-old daughter, Janine
  when she had failed to stop a red traffic signal. As a result of her negligence,
  damage had been caused to another vehicle that belonged Alderman Jennings,
  one of Brookdale's senior officials who held such power in the Township.  
Mrs Brown had been found guilty at her subsequent trial and as the Alderman
  wished her to be available to him in a sexual capacity on a daily basis, she
  had been sentenced to a period of Community Service as an alternative to a
  spell in the County jail. However, her daughter was also found guilty of aiding
  and abetting her mother in the offence and was, at that moment, incarcerated
  in the County Jail and suffering untold misery at the hands of the Governor,
  Lila Betts.  
The reason for her earlier caning at the hands of Victoria was that Alison
  had requested Alderman Jennings to defer an intimate examination of her breasts,
  which comprised of groping and kneading the soft mounds on the High Street,
  until such time as they were indoors. The Alderman did not take kindly to this
  refusal and had arranged for his daughter, Victoria to inflict the severe caning
  from which she was now suffering such pain.  
Simply for failing to show respect to the Alderman, that Brown woman would
  certainly not be sitting comfortably at home this evening!!! ~ Thought Victoria.  
"Ah, to have such a woman as Becca secured and unable to resist, yes that
  was pleasure indeed!!" thought Victoria.  
Reaching for the strap, having watched Becca suffer what she had been through
  already, Victoria felt a sweet thrill of wicked anticipation run through her
  body as she swung the instrument of pain before Becca's downcast eyes.  
"Girl, you are certainly going to feel this." Victoria informed Becca. "And
  as you suffer for your refusal, I hope you realise that this is only part of
  what being a slave in Brookdale entails."  
Victoria was referring to the accepted practice within the Community that,
  should an Owner be willing then any of the eligible residents may request usage
  of a slave, and with Victoria's connections she was one resident who made full
  use of the facility. She was looking forward to having Becca naked and on her
  knees before her, as the poor woman serviced her sexual passion with those
  lips pressed against her intimate flesh, whilst her squirming, but reluctant
  tongue explored the moist cave of her cunt.  
With the full force of her arm, Victoria brought the slippery black, leather
  razor strap slashing forward. The full force of the blow hit Becca's stomach
  and a weal of vivid red leapt to the surface of the smooth white flesh as the
  end of the strap curved over her hip to cut into the soft exposed nakedness.  
Victoria, with evil delight saw the strap bite into Becca's ever so smooth
  skin with its wicked and painful stripe. The clientele saw he strap descend
  upon her soft belly, this latter stroke somewhat lower causing her abdominal
  to tense as they absorbed the agony of the blow. Again the strap cut deep into
  her soft yielding belly flesh this time hitting that soft outward curve of
  Becca's pussy. It was then that Victoria directed her next slashing bite to
  Becca's upper front thighs, raising red welts of painful agony on the flesh
  of the tethered woman.  
Only allowing a few seconds' interval for the full effect of each application
  to sink in, Victoria began applied the black strap in a methodical manner which
  was designed to torment every sensitive nerve end in Becca's belly, covering
  the twitching flesh from just below her heaving breasts to the front of her
  upper thighs, and then down to just above her knees. She showed her expertise
  in administering the punishment by applying the strap with a wrist-snapping
  motion that would ensure it cut into the yielding tender surface in order to
  guarantee the maximum effect of the strap.  
As the wicked red-hot pain in her belly and thighs continued to build with
  each new application of the strap, the shapely Becca was held helpless, whilst
  her sadistic torture continued. The strap continued to smash against the straining
  thighs and belly and Becca's flesh was soon covered in a raw and agonising
  glow whilst the entire surface of her belly burned red.  
Watching Becca twist and squirm as she absorbed the twenty-five blows of
  the strap to the area of her soft belly and upper thighs, James was eagerly
  anticipating the enjoyment that was to come.  
Becca felt as if she were in another place, watching her beating like one
  of the spectators in the restaurant. She was here for her Master's pleasure
  and she had failed him, shamefully begged for mercy only to be delivered into
  a worse Hell. But it was absolution and in a way, Becca felt she deserved her
  punishment and almost reveled in it as much as her punishers. She was pleasing
  her Master by accepting this further pain.  
James observed the strenuous efforts of Victoria as she succeeded in beating
  Becca to a near senseless oblivion. As Victoria finished and stepped back it
  became obvious to the onlookers that Becca was attempting to speak. She gasped
  many times, not daring to look up at those above her station.  
"M&mdash;Master. Your slave . . . wishes you to finish her punishment . .
  . she wishes to please you Master." Becca almost moaned the plea. With a choked
  sounding sob she arched her back, whimpering further in pain. Her whipped naked
  front was further displayed to allow her still unmarked breasts to be thrust
  forward in offering. She felt like a different person as she forced her throat
  to plead for more.  
"Your slave begs you to finish her punishment yourself, Master."  
~Has she been able to cause you to lose consciousness? But no,&hellip;. what
  was that he heard, Becca begging him to finish her punishment himself? And
  was she actually offering her unmarked tits by thrusting them to him, the succulent
  globes heaving as she gasped for breath? Well, she will have her request granted,
  he thought ~  
James moved over to where Victoria stood in front of the spread-eagled nakedness
  of Becca. Victoria was perspiring slightly from her efforts with the leather
  strap and, after she was successful in recovering her composure, James said
  in the manner of someone giving a vote of thanks to an eminent speaker.  
"Thank you for your efficient administration of my slave's punishment with
  the strap. It was a most entertaining episode, and one that will remain with
  those who watched for some time to come, but I suspect, not as long as I think
  Becca will remember your attentions!!!"  
James waited to allow the meaning of his comment sink into Becca's possibly
  befuddled senses and then said. "As a mark of appreciation for Victoria's efforts
  in entertaining us, I request that all present show their thanks in the accepted
  fashion." With little hesitation, a round of applause broke out amongst the
  customers, and this was accompanied by shouts of 'Well Done' and other salutations.  
As the round of applause drew to a close, James signalled a waiter to bring
  him a liqueur called a 'Rusty Nail' being a measure of Drambuie whisky liqueur
  and a measure of malt whisky mixed. In addition, he ordered a fine Cuban half
  Corona cigar and also requested the waiter to bring the vicious instrument
  that he was now going to use to decorate Becca's fine breast globes with stinging
  stripes of agony.  
James had already organised with the Maitre-de, the type of cane that he
  wished to use, and the slim four feet length of leather-covered whalebone was
  quickly placed in his right hand.  
Becca watched her Master after her request. Her eyes were wide now, as if
  in shock of what she herself had said. What was happening to her? She was begging
  for more, displaying her body in supplication. The only comfort for the restrained
  slave was that in a few hours time her marks would heal and the pain would
  be as if it had never happened.  
Taking a sip from his glass and then returning it to it's place on a nearby
  table, James then proceeded to tuck the whalebone cane under his left arm,
  whilst he lit the cigar in a leisurely manner. James knew full well that the
  subsequent build up of tension within Becca, was matched by the eager expectations
  of the other customers in the restaurant. He would certainly be well respected
  amongst residents the community of Brookdale, after tonight's festivities had
  drawn to a close.  
Becca's heart was thundering and she could not tear her eyes from James as
  he took his time in sipping his drink and lighting the cigar. She wriggled
  against the wall, whimpering softly as she finally lowered her eyes. Her Master
  was moving back towards her. Becca swallowed hard and hiccupped a tiny sob.
  It felt as if her entire body was on fire from her punishment. The chair no
  longer looked so painful.  
James placed the cigar in an ashtray on the table, drawing out each unbelievable
  minute of the two vividly contrasting emotions of anticipation and dread and
  moved to the side of Becca's pinioned naked body. Placing the tip of the whalebone
  cane just under her chin, James proceeded to trace the cane down across the
  upper slopes of the soft heaving globes of Becca's breasts. On reaching her
  nipples, James tapped the tip several times on her right nubbin, not hard but
  with sufficient force as to produce a reaction.  
The tip of the cane was suddenly near her face and Becca raised her head
  as James drew a line with the point down chest. She could not help the hiss
  of a breath as the sharp end scraped along her skin.  
The light taps startled Becca, she had thought the remainder of her punishment
  was about to begin but this was a tease only and tormented the slave more mentally
  than physically. Still she squirmed and shook her head, showing all that she
  was more reluctant than her pleading had displayed  
The audience was then treated to the sight of the cane travelling over the
  lower slopes of Becca's thrusting charms. There were several gasps of admiration
  as James flicked the whalebone upwards, causing the fulsome mounds to jiggle
  slightly.  
The way Becca clenched her eyes shut demonstrated further her fear of the
  cane as her Master tapped her breasts from underneath. The sounds of appreciation
  only served to humiliate her further and with a fresh whimper, Becca turned
  her face to her arm for a moment.  
The whalebone switch slowly made its way down across Becca's glowing belly
  flesh, pausing to tap against the quivering naked flesh that was so exposed
  before James's gaze.  
But it was not over yet. The tip of the cane made a new line and Becca looked
  forward quickly, shaking her head as James tapped the freshly punished flesh.
  Even these light taps aggravated her thoroughly whipped skin. The audience
  heard Becca's pained and frightened little sounds clearly as she twisted her
  body as much as the bonds allowed.  
Finally, his teasing came to a halt and he moved the whalebone switch back
  up to Becca's lips.  
"You have begged me to finish your punishment myself, slave." James said. "I
  will do so but, before you feel the wicked bite of its power, you will kiss
  the implement of your punishment and, as you do so, you will again beg for
  the impact and subsequent agony of the cuts, to show you how a slave behaves
  properly."  
Becca's eyes focussed on the cane as her Master brought it back up to her
  face, the flinch was automatic. Her eyes flicked to James's; wide and reddened
  with the tears that still filled them and trickled down her cheeks. She felt
  further humiliation as her Master ordered her to kiss the cane while begging
  for her punishment. It had been easy to beg in the midst of the waves of pain
  flooding her from the strap, she had barely been thinking clearly. But to do
  so after calming, slightly, would be more difficult.  
Becca stood still, her arms and legs aching from the bondage that held her
  securely in place and stared at the cane. It would be pure agony on the sensitive
  flesh of her breasts, worse than what she'd suffered so far, if that was possible.
  Why would she beg for such a thing? Had she not suffered enough?  
But Becca knew to not do as told would only bring down further punishment.
  ~ The drug . . . I will heal, the pain will go. ~ She thought quickly to spur
  herself on. ~ It will please him if I do this. ~ She continued on, working
  to convince or will herself to do as ordered.  
The cane hovered before her lips, waiting for her to kiss. Becca knew that
  seconds were turning into minutes as she hesitated nervously. With another
  soft noise, Becca leaned her head forward slightly and pressed her lips to
  the leather covered cane, kissing it gently.  
"Please Master . . . your slave w&mdash;wishes her punishment finished .
  . . b&mdash;by you Master." Becca murmured, the words barely audible to anyone
  but James. Still planting soft kisses to the cane, Becca continued, sniffling
  now and then and keeping her eyes closed out of embarrassment. "Your slave
  d&mdash;desires to feel the . . . the bite of the cane by your hand Master,
  so she can . . . learn from it?"  
Becca shivered slightly and coloured deeper as her voice left the unmistakable
  tone of a question to the end of her sentence. Becca lowered her head to hide
  her face more than anything. Loosened locks of sweat-dampened hair fell to
  dangled limply in front as Becca tried to keep herself from crying more in
  the lasting pain of her punishments.  
Watching Becca's soft lips press against the unyielding leather covering
  of the cane and seeing the tears of pain coursing down her cheeks, some falling
  upon the slick smoothness of the instrument soon to be used in the punishment
  of her breasts, James's thoughts turned to how this woman had descended into
  such submissive behaviour, so naturally.  
~ When he had originally agreed to meet with Becca and to take up residence
  in Brookdale, he had anticipated that she would take some considerable time
  to become accustomed to his harsh regime of ownership, but her actions to date
  had certainly proved him wrong. Was she really so new to the lifestyle? ~  
Becca shivered slightly and coloured deeper as her voice left the unmistakable
  tone of a question to the end of her sentence. Becca lowered her head to hide
  her face more than anything. Loosened locks of sweat-dampened hair fell to
  dangled limply in front as Becca tried to keep herself from crying more in
  the lasting pain of her punishments.  
James listened to Becca's request for him to personally finish her punishment
  by delivering the breast caning himself, and the desire for her to learn from
  the infliction of such pain upon her soft globes seemed heartfelt and sincere.
  ~ We will see how she recalls those entreaties, when the agony is coursing
  through her tits ~  
The supple length of leather covered whalebone rose above the upper slopes
  of Becca's proffered breasts and James brought it down swift and cutting across
  the smooth skin of her thrusting breasts, the cane sinking into the softness
  of the globes and leaving a welt of blood red agony just above her nipples.
  James quickly lifted the weapon and slashed another wicked cut, the cane being
  sent biting into the quivering breasts to leave another stripe of pure agony
  across the ultra sensitive flesh.  
James then elected to visit the under slope of Becca's thrusting charms and
  lowered the instrument of torment and then brought it upwards underarm so that
  its fiery agony bit into the soft surface of the woman's tits, that area which
  is seldom exposed to the view of others. The blow caused the full mounds to
  jerk upwards and the impact resulted in a shaking of the breast globes in an
  obscene dance of agony. Further cuts from the cane followed and the restaurant
  patrons were treated to the sight of the woman's gyrations of agony as she
  attempted to absorb the pain.  
Despite Becca's wild movements, James then commenced a methodical and extremely
  accurate caning of Becca's heaving breast globes, the cane cutting deep into
  the soft and yielding flesh, as the red stripes of agony began to cover the
  surface of her tits.  
Eventually, some thirty lines of pure agony laced across the heaving breasts
  but James had avoided the tender nipples of Becca's breasts. However, James
  was not to be denied this piece-de-resistance and, pausing momentarily to allow
  Becca's gyrations to slow, James licked his lips and drew the cane back. He
  took deadly aim and sent the wicked rod slashing. His aim was perfect! He succeeded
  in catching both breast nubbins by the wicked stripe of the whalebone.  
Turning away from the tethered nakedness of Becca, James returned to his
  table, the whalebone switch tucked under his arm and, with the applause of
  his fellow diners rippling around the room, he sat and enjoyed his cigar and
  liqueur, watching his slave Becca as she attempted to come to terms with her
  pain.  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
This is where the first part of my account of the township of Brookdale finishes.
  I may return to the scene at a future date, if only to see how Becca behaved
  when James took her to the home of Denise Houghton. Also, did Victoria Jennings
  get her wish to have Becca kneeling naked before her?  
I wonder how many of the readers would be curious to see what happened to
  Julie. During her time serving her Community Service sentence with the Shunter's,
  she finds that she is falsely accused of theft. Sentenced to 10 years incarceration
  in the County Prison establishment run by Lila Betts and her lesbian cohorts,
  she finds that her life can get even more horrific and agonising.  
In addition, we might even find time to read about how the widow, Alison
  Brown was made to suffer and serve, that wicked old Alderman Jennings.  
Should I receive enough enquiries, I may tell more of Brookdale, but that
  will depend upon you, the readers.  
However, before closing this part of the story, I should like to thank those
  readers who have taken the trouble to write to me with their helpful comments
  (you know who you are!!), the readers who submitted reviews and last, but certainly
  not least, Boccaccio, whose encouragement and observations enabled me to complete
  my first story.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Drayman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





