BDSM Library - The Cindy Stone Chronicles




The Cindy Stone Chronicles
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: World renowned Fighter turned Trainer Ms. Traci Cuttler, is forced to withdraw from a World Championship Fight due to a last minute injury. Cindy Stone, a 54 year old  has-been, recently taken in by Traci, fights in her place. The mature but still attractive woman suffers a humiliating and painful defeat before a SRO crowd at the Arena. Ms. Traci vows to 'whip' her old fighter into shape before her next battle.
The Cindy Stone Chronicles
	

	The Metropolitan Arena is buzzing tonight as spectators file in to see a
special Woman's No Holds Barred Wrestling Match. This will be no ordinary
contest, tonight fight fans will be seeing the Fighting French Sensation,
Collette , making her very first appearance here in The United States. The
blonde beauty has made quite a mark for herself winning fight after fight in her
homeland but tonight she has a real challenge on her hands , tonight she will be
putting her body on the line against none other than the extraordinary Miss
Traci Cutler.  Miss Cutler is  one of the most dominating and talented  female
wrestlers in America. The 35 year old phenomena has yet to be defeated in the
ring so if Collette is counting on age to be a factor, she can forget those
ideas and just pray  that  Traci Cutler will go easy on her. Speaking of going
easy there are rumors circulating that Miss Cutler may retire from the ring to
devote her full time attentions to training other women and introducing them to
the world of female fighting. Traci has already made her mark as a successful
"Trainer", some of her proteges have shown great potential to develop into
promising young fighters. Some opponents of Traci question her rather unorthodox
methods when it comes to getting her girls in shape, but who can argue with
success.

	While the crowd is settling into their seats waiting for this match to
begin we have just heard word from Traci Cutler's agent that she was denied a
license to fight tonight by the attending physician due to a freak accident she
suffered earlier this afternoon getting in some last minute sparing sessions.
This must be a terrible blow for Traci she has been preparing for this fight of
International proportions for many months now. During the weeks preceding this
match Traci seemed very confident of her chances against the French Tigress and
of gaining world wide recognition from her victory.  There appears to be some
discussion at ring side and we have just been informed that rather than
postponing this battle and disappointing the capacity crowd that has shelled out
their hard earned money to see a women's championship wrestling match, a fight
will indeed take place this evening.

	Traci is coming down the aisle right now heading over toward the State
Fighting Commissioner to explain the details and share a little insight as to
the identity of her wrestler. Traci's fighter is none other than Cindy Stone.
That name seems to ring a bell now, no, it can't be the former wrestling star
who had a few successful years on the ladies wrestling circuit back in the
1970's, why she would be in her 50's now, a little too old to be back in the
ring. Maybe we can get Traci over here to clear up a few things.

	

	"First of all let me tell everyone how disappointed I am that I will not
be allowed to participate in this evenings  fight, I was really confident that I
would be victorious against Collette, but as fate would have it, I broke my
wrist and can not get a medical certification to fight." Well it seems the fans
are disappointed as well they admire the American fighter Traci Cutler and
always get to see a top notch battle whenever she is in the ring. So tell us a
little something about your fighter how did you happen to get involved with her,
is she the same Cindy Stone that fought nearly thirty years ago, then for
reasons unknown slipped away into obscurity, never to be heard from again? "It
is a rather long story but Yes she is the former fighter, I literally stumbled
across her about six months ago. One night after a match, I was cleaning out my
dressing room, taking a box of trash out to the garbage dumpster behind the
arena and tripped over something. Looking down I saw an old woman, unconscious
sprawled out on the ground, empty bottles of booze, assorted debris and garbage
nearly covering her from view. Well I was shocked to say the least but I managed
to wake her up, she appeared to be in some kind of stupor, obviously she had
been drinking for a very long time, her dress was tattered and torn exposing her
body and face to the elements, actually she was quite weather beaten obviously
the result of being homeless and living in the gutter for so many years. The
woman was a sight let me tell you I have never seen another human being in such
a pitiful state of existence. Well out of the goodness of my heart I just
couldn't leave the wretched creature laying there in the garbage so I helped her
to her feet, escorted her to my car and took her to my place.

	Once I got her settled in I cleaned her up, fed her and literally
nourished her back to some sort of respectable health. It was during that time I
found out who she was, she told me why her life had been on a steady decent into
decadence and how she toppled from the pinnacle of success in the 'Fight
Rackets' to the bottom of the gutter. Seems one night during a particularly
gruesome fight, she accidentally broke the back of another woman in the ring,
leaving her opponent paralyzed. Cindy never fought again after that match,
instead she turned to the bottle and drugs to help clear her troubled conscience
but nothing could help relieve the torment of what she was responsible for. The
old woman simply wallowed in guilt and self pity for many years, never able to
hold any sort of job to support herself. Eventually she turned to the world's
oldest profession to earn a living but at her age and the condition she was in
she was not even very successful at selling her body. The old woman spent some
time in and out of the prison system as well as the State Psychiatric Hospital
but nothing ever worked for her, neither incarceration nor shock treatment could
steer her off the road of self destruction. Every time Cindy was released she
went right back to the streets, the booze and the pills."

	Wow, Traci that is some story but do you really think she is in any
condition to fight , given her age and the recent circumstances of her
existence? Traci pokes her finger in my chest, "Listen Mister, I just told you I
have been working with this woman, I have been training her and putting her
through some very rigorous paces for the last couple of weeks, she's ready to
fight." Guess that answers my question Traci, oh one more thing Ms. Cutler if
you don't mind, why are you doing all this for Cindy Stone why spend all your
time, money and energy helping get this woman back on her feet? Traci, thinks
for a moment choosing her words very carefully before answering this question.
"There are a number of reasons I am doing this, number one I really want to help
her, wrestling has been extremely good to me, I am very well off, famous and
successful so it is my way of giving something back to the sport. Number two ,
Cindy is not getting any free ride from me she works to earn her keep, I have
her doing a number of chores around my place, almost like a personal maid if you
will." A slight smile creases the pretty lips on Traci's face when she uses the
term "Maid". "Furthermore", Traci Cutler continues,"just so you don't think I am
some pushover or a sucker for a sob story, I demand certain behavior from Cindy
and whenever she fails to live up to my rules and expectations let me assure
you, she is, ahhhhh, she is chastised for her indiscretions". An even wider grin
shapes Traci's pretty lips and her eyes seem to brighten when she uses the word
"Chastize" as it refers to her treatment of Cindy Stone.

	I am sure there is more to this story than Traci is willing to divulge
at this time, but we are not here to speculate on the relationship between Traci
Cutler and her 54 year old houseguest Cindy Stone. We are here to see a fight
between two women and as the house lights dim and Traci heads for the dressing
room to escort her fighter to the ring we listen to the ring announcer make the
formal introductions.

	

	The spotlight illuminates the center aisle and Traci Cutler is bringing
her fighter to the ring. Ms. Cutler receives a standing ovation from the crowd,
she has certainly endeared herself to fight fans of all walks of life,  men and
women admire this fierce competitor. Oh, wait, the din of the enthusiastic
applause for Traci quickly subsides, the crowd seems a bit confused now as their
eyes watch this unusual entrance. The beautifully toned and chiseled fighter and
self appointed trainer Traci Cutler, is leading her fighter to the ring by a
long silver chain secured to a black leather collar fastened around Stone's
neck. Cindy Stone, the 54 year old contestant has a long black floor length robe
covering her. Cindy's head is bowed and she seems a little reluctant moving
toward the ring while Traci pulls on that gleaming silver chain. The entourage
moves up the steps into the ring and now Traci clasps the top of Cindy's robe
and in one fluid motion yanks the garment away from her fighter. Cindy is decked
out in a black leather string bikini, Stone looks somewhat embarrassed to have
her mature five foot eight inch, 148 pound body being displayed in front of so
many people. Her skimpy bikini barely covers her large breasts and compliments
of a thong that must be two sizes too small, below the waist there is nothing
left for the imagination, all the facts are very evident. Well I must say that
despite her years on the street, Cindy is still an attractive looking woman,
medium length auburn hair, exotic dark eyes and a sensuous smile that could make
her the envy of women ten and even fifteen years younger than her.

	Attention is diverted from Cindy momentarily , as the stirring melody of
the French National Anthem  haunts the air. The crowd erupts in applause, the
song is but a prelude to what will be coming next. Yes. The French beauty is
trotting down the aisle. Collette, Collette, Collette the crowd chants as
Collette shimmies into the square circle. Collette lets her warm up jacket fall
to the mat, revealing her fantastic 5'6, 125 pound body. This 24 year old ,
blonde beauty belongs in the centerfold of Penthouse, not in the center of a
ring. Collette is wearing a hot-pink bikini that in no way can even attempt to
cover her fantastic physique. 

	The ladies meet at center ring for the referee's instructions, "Well kid
I do pity you, getting your ass beat by someone old enough to be your mother."
Cindy taunts Collette. Collette says nothing, she just stares right into the
eyes of Cindy. "What's wrong Frenchie, can't speak any English or does the cat
have your tongue, the way I'm gonna have your ass." Still no response from
Collette, she merely shakes her head from side to side with an impish smile on
her beautiful face. The women get their final instructions from the referee and
return to their respective corners.

	In her corner, Cindy leans down and talks to Traci, "What's wrong with
the French bitch, maybe she really doesn't understand English." Cindy be
careful, We know you are bigger and stronger than her but I hear she is a master
technician in the ring with an arsenal of flying moves that could hurt you".
"Don't worry Mistress Traci, I plan on a speedy victory, I'll overpower her and
crush her before I even work up a sweat,"

	The bell rings and just like she told Traci, Cindy runs toward Collette
and drives a right knee into the blondes taut belly. Collette bends forward then
Cindy lifts her knee into  the face of her opponent. Collette's head shoots
straight up in the air, the force of the knee lift raises her feet from the mat.
Coming to a halt against the ropes, both arms draped over the top rope to help
hold herself up, Collette looks a little bit dumbfounded. Cindy is still on the
prowl, moves quickly toward Collette and kicks her hard in the right knee,
Collette lets out a soft moan, knowing she hurt Collette Cindy kicks her again
in the same tender spot. Cindy is working on Collette's leg in hopes of
weakening the younger fighter and taking away all he technical skills and high
flying maneuvers. Cindy grabs hold of Collette's right foot and twists it for
all she's worth, pulling it up in the air as she pours on the pressure. 
Collette throws her head back from the pain in her ankle and leg. Cindy can
almost taste the thrill of victory, while still holding the blondes foot, she
yanks hard and pulls Collette right off of the ropes into the center of the
ring. Collette lands hard on her back.

	Cindy is moving in for the kill, she kneels down next to Collette and
digs her claws into the stomach of the French girl, Cindy is squeezing with all
her might letting her shiny long fingernails dig into the soft flesh of
Collette. The referee senses a submission and comes toward the action. Collette
is not about to give up so soon, even though the pain in her stomach is
excruciating. Seeing that Collette won't surrender to her stomach claw and  her
old hands getting tired from holding the powerful grip, Cindy lets go, gets to
her feet and shakes her hands to get the circulation flowing in her fingers.

	Cindy leans in her corner and says to Ms. Traci, "I think I got her
beat, this shouldn't take much longer." Traci looks up at her fighter with a
hint of admiration, so far very pleased with the progress of the fight and how
well she has trained Cindy. "Well just don't get too confident Cindy,
concentrate , maybe  the French bitch isn't as tough as I heard she was" The
little conversation between Traci and her fighter gives Collette a chance to get
to her feet and make her way to the opposite corner. Leaning in the corner
Collette rubs her stomach, red streaks tattoo her creamy white flesh  evidence
of the painful claw hold she had to endure. Collette finally lets go of her
belly and with both hands motions for Cindy to come and finish the fight. Cindy
smirks as she charges across the ring. With her head bent forward, resembling a
raging bull, Cindy dives right into  the sore belly of Collette, a rush of air
escapes from the blonde's mouth. As the top of Cindy's head smashes into
Collette's stomach her body topples forward causing her to lean over the Cindy's
shoulder. The older woman has no trouble lifting Collette off of the mat and
sending her down to the canvas , Collette is laying on her back, wondering just
where the old lady gets her energy. The quickness of Cindy's last move gives
Collette cause for concern, as Cindy moves toward her she realizes she's got to
start hurting this lady before she ends up with an embarrassing loss.

	Cindy, now standing near  the  sprawled out Collette gets ready to land
a leg drop, but before she gets the chance, Collette stretches her arms out,
grabs Cindy's legs and pulls  on them with all her strength.  Having her legs
yanked out from under her Cindy teeters momentarily then falls backward landing
with a resounding thud flat on her back, next to Collette.  Both women hustle to
get to their feet, Collette is the first one standing, Cindy, obviously losing
some of her steam, only manages to struggle to her hands and knees.  With
renewed vim and vigor Collette rushes over to the kneeling old fighter, reaches
down, feels around Cindy's neck then latches onto the loose skin under her chin.
Cindy yelps out in pain from this unconventional hold , her cries of anguish
fall on deaf ears, Collette increases the pressure of her grip causing her razor
sharp fingernails to pierce Cindy's skin. With complete disdain for her
screaming victim, Collette pulls Cindy forward by the neck, painfully stretching
her skin  away from her throat.  The French lady appears to having designs  to
humiliate Cindy before she beats her  and starts to walk the yelping woman
around the ring like a dog. Cindy is screaming at the torture to her tender skin
but there is nothing she can do as Collette parades her around and around the
four sides of the ring under the watchful eyes of the audience.  Collette is
determined to embarrass the old woman in front of this standing room only crowd.
Each time Cindy's arms give way and she falls to her chest , Collette merely
tugs a little harder on the neck giving the distraught old fighter no choice but
to clamor back up on her hands and knees or risk having her throat  torn to
shreds.


	Eventually, Collette  releases the hold on Cindy but is now intent on
destroying her opponent , a woman more than thirty years her senior. Cindy is
still kneeling gasping for air, trying to sooth the burning pain in her neck
when Collette drives a hard kick into the beaten woman's vulnerable ribs.
Cindy's head bobs up and down momentarily then comes to a halt, dangling down so
low her forehead nearly touches the mat. Again, Collette rears her right leg as
far back as she can get it then swings it so hard a whoosh of air is heard right
before the hard toe of her boot slams into Cindy's soft belly. The impact of
that devastating kick lifts Cindy right off the mat then she crashes down to her
side. Collette is not finished yet, once more with a viciousness never expected
from a beautiful young woman, the French bombshell swings her shapely leg one
more time. The crowd gasps out loud in unison as they watch Collette's right
foot land with authority and pin point accuracy, smashing into Cindy's face.
Cindy is desperate to escape the onslaught of punishing  kicks being rained upon
her battered body by Collette, she covers her face, pulls herself into a tight
ball and rolls under the bottom rope of the ring.

	Outside the ring Traci helps her fighter to her feet, even she is
momentarily shocked to see the damage done to Cindy's body especially her neck
which is already bruised and starting to turn an ugly shade of deep purple as
well the small trickles of blood  seeping from the scratches left there by
Collette's razor like fingernails. Traci appears to be highly upset with her
fighter and points a menacing finger in the woman's face, "You old has been, I
have been breaking my neck trying to get you to resemble some sort of fighter
and look at YOU, you let that skinny French bitch stomp you all over the ring, I
have never been so humiliated in my life." Traci continues to berate her
fighter, "God dammit Cindy I really expected a better showing from you."  Almost
as if noticing for the first time that her aged fighter is badly beaten, her
breathing labored and sweating profusely, Traci silently wonders if Cindy is
maybe just a little too old and out of shape to become a respectable fighter
once again.

	Collette is growing impatient waiting for Traci to decide if her fighter
is going to finish the match or if she will submit to her. Still not saying a
word, Collette motions for Cindy to get in the ring or to give up, then she
looks toward the referee as if to say start counting, that woman has ten seconds
to get back in here or she gets counted out. The referee leans over the ropes ,
asks Traci what's it going be, is she able to continue or is this fight over,
"Oh give me a second will ya, Cindy won't let me down she's going to get back in
the ring," looking at Cindy with a cold calculated stare Traci shakes  her head
in dismay, letting Cindy know she better pull herself together and get back
inside the ring. Cindy nods , then reluctantly  and painfully slow climbs into
the ring. The momentum of this fight has certainly changed hands since the
opening bell and now it looks like Cindy may be in some serious trouble and
Traci Cutler's career as a fight trainer short lived.

	As Cindy climbs through the ropes head first, Collette wastes no time ,
she grabs her by the hair and literally tosses her half way across the ring,
Cindy lands in a heap, face down. Collette stands behind Cindy, grabs her ankles
and pulls them up toward her head, the dangerous and painful Boston Crab hold is
being applied. Cindy can feel her spine being bent beyond her endurance, she
stretches her arms forward as far as she can and manages to clasp onto the
ropes. Seeking sanctuary in the ropes was successful the referee forces Collette
to break the hold. After giving Cindy's back an extra bend causing  her to yell
out loud, Collette smiles at the referee and releases the debilitating 'Boston
Crab'.  Cindy pulls herself to her feet by the corner ropes and leans over them
trying to catch her breath. With her back to the center of the ring, Cindy is
wide open for any kind of attack and this vulnerable position does not go
unnoticed by the wily Collette.

	

	Collette approaches Cindy from behind,  slams her right arm up between
Cindy's legs, helping herself to a generous handful of Cindy's private parts,
then she moves her left hand toward Cindy's head, twists her fingers around the
dazed woman's auburn hair  getting a very firm grip of her head.  Showing an
amazing display of power, Collette lets out a loud grunt then hoists Cindy up
over her head, turns and slams the older woman to the mat.  The sound of Cindy's
body hitting the mat reverberates throughout the arena, Cindy's head is
spinning, her eyes closed, her whole body trembles, as she lays helpless in the
middle of the ring.  Collette races over toward Cindy grabs her  by the hair
again and drags her limp body to it's feet. The women are face to face, Collette
has the look of a killer in her eyes, Cindy has a look of confusion, her eyes
only slightly open and her knees shaking, she is barely able to stand on her
own, but pride as well as the constant warnings from Traci keeps her on her
feet. Collette, extends the fingers of her right hand, her long fingernails
glistening like miniature daggers under the lights, she raises her arm and moves
it toward Cindy in an attempt to claw at her face.  At the last possible second
Cindy leans backs slightly and Collette's hand misses it's mark. Rather than
scratching Cindy's eyes out as she intended Collette has managed to latch onto a
handful of Cindy's skimpy top. The flimsy bra offers little resistance and is
easily ripped right off of the slightly embarrassed woman. Cindy's pendulous and
slightly sagging breasts tumble free, the crowd has  mixed reactions to seeing
the old woman's naked bosom , many cheer, whistle and catcall yet others voice
their disapproval at the shameless spectacle the 54 year old woman's nudity is
causing. .Collette seems very amused and can't help but laugh at the sight of
Cindy's impressive mounds of flesh on full display before the entire audience.
Tossing the bra into the corner, Collette directs her attention to two new
fleshy targets made available to her. Obviously no stranger to a woman's
anatomy, the French Bombshell shots her arms forward, traps Cindy's perpetually
erect nipples between thumb and forefinger then begins to twist, pull, pinch and
torture those eraser like projectiles. Cindy squeals out in misery while
Collette continue to crush her sensitive nipples with her vice like grip. Tears
are streaming down Cindy's cheeks while her tender nips are flattened between
Collette's thumb and forefinger, Collette exerts so much pressure that her
fingers are turning white. Cindy continues to wail out loud tossing her head
back trying to escape the torture her tender nipples are receiving.  Now
Collette changes her strategy, with her hands open she starts to slap at Cindy's
ample bosom, the slaps come fast and furious each one landing with more potency
and pain, then the previous one.  Cindy staggers back with each blow, the sides
of her breasts are turning bright red but Collette just flails away, with both
hands alternating from left to right, each smack making a sharp , crisp clap
that  echoes through the arena. The sheer power of each open handed slap against
Cindy's creamy white breasts forces the older woman to make a slow retreat back,
yet Collette  presses onward relentless in her assault on Cindy's bare bosom.
Finally Cindy is backed into her corner and Collette's hands are starting to
smart from slapping Cindy's tits at will she reluctantly stops her breast
attack. Cindy is hanging in the corner for dear life, her tits freshly tattooed
with the bright red imprints of Collette's hands are burning with pain while her
legs, slightly spread apart, shaking, quivering and trembling are giving out on
her. 	

	

	Showing no mercy, Collette bends her leg, then drives her knee up into
the crotch of Cindy, Cindy lets go of the ropes that are holding her up, shots
her hands to her injured groin then falls to her knees from the spasms of pain
that permeate throughout her body, the woman has just about taken all she can
stand. Traci screams at the referee that Collette used a flagrant low blow and
she should be disqualified. The ref warns Collette but allows the match to
continue.

	Collette stands over the kneeling body of Cindy and drives another hard
kick to Cindy's bruised ribs, the kick forces Cindy to fall over on her  right
side.  Collette bends down and picks up Cindy's bikini top, the one she tossed
away a few minutes earlier. Collette takes Cindy's left ankle and using the
black leather bra ties it tightly to the middle rope, then grabbing the nearly
unconscious woman's  right ankle, Collette heads for the center of the ring with
Cindy's right leg in tow. Cindy's legs are being spread farther and farther
apart, Cindy is screaming out at the pain in her groin. Collette is not about to
let up, she is pulling harder and harder it looks as if Cindy will be split
right up the middle. All Cindy can do is cry out in agony and slap her hands to
the mat, insane with pain. With Collette  still holding onto Cindy's right ankle
and pulling her closer to the center of the ring,  the rope that Cindy's left
leg is tied to is starting to stretch in from the incredible amount of pressure
being forced upon it. The minuscule thong bottom that Cindy is wearing did
little to conceal her private parts in it's normal state, now as her legs are
being forced obscenely wide apart, the black leather material literally
disappears between the deep crease of Cindy's crotch. . Traci Cutler is standing
outside the ring shaking her head in disgust yet seems to have an amused
expression on her pretty face witnessing her old fighters's glistening pink
folds of flesh and dark forbidden crinkled aperture being spread and put on
public exhibition. Even a woman of Cindy's dubious background would ordinarily
be humiliated by the degrading position she is in, the 54 year old is not only
topless but now her private parts can be seen by everyone in the crowd. But the
searing pain shooting through her body  has all her attention so her public
nudity is of no immediate concern for the totally demolished Cindy Stone.

	Collette is using a tremendous amount of energy in keeping Cindy pulled
apart like a frog ready for dissection, feeling herself tiring she lands a
vicious kick to Cindy's exposed vagina. After driving the toe of her boot
exceedingly deep into Cindy's saturated pink slit, Collette releases her hold on
Cindy's leg. Suddenly, like a giant sling-shot the heavy elastic ring rope snaps
back in place pulling Cindy across the mat , she is catapulted under the bottom
rope to the outside of the ring, hanging upside down. Dangling by her left ankle
which is still tightly secured to the middle rope, Cindy is berated by Traci as
she tries desperately to untie her fighter's leg. "You God damn idiot, look at
you, you look like a filthy tramp, I should have left you in the gutter."

	Finally , Traci gets the thoroughly thrashed, humiliated and beaten
woman's ankle untied then simply lets her fall to the concrete floor. Traci
reaches down, grabs a handful of Cindy's hair then pulls the nearly unconscious
woman to her feet."I have wasted valuable time and energy on you, I staked my
reputation on the chance that you might evolve into a decent fighter but NO,
look at you, you are such a disappointment to me Cindy". Traci grabs Cindy's
wrist and turns her to the aisle, " well let's go your  in no condition to
continue this fight anyway, you... you.. LOSER".  Traci's words tear at Cindy's
heart but the disappointment she sees in Traci's eyes cause her an even worse
sorrow. The old bruised and pain wracked woman pulls away from Traci's grasp,
Cindy barely has enough energy to move her head from side to side, "No, Mistress
Traci, I will finish this one way or the other". Tears form in Cindy's eyes,
"after all You've done for me I won't quit Mistress, I won't..." Traci, directs
Cindy toward the ring then turns to head back to her place at ringside,  to her
surprise, Collette is standing behind her. Traci is furious and even though her
arm is in a cast,  she shoves Collette back. Collette just smiles and blows a
kiss at Traci then points her finger toward Cindy, erupting in cruel laughter.

	

	 The referee is growing impatient at the activity outside the ring he
warns the fighters he is going to count them both out if they don't get back
inside the ring to finish the fight. The referee starts to count them both out,
Collette knowing she's got this match won is not going to settle for a draw at
this stage of the fight.  The young, beautiful French fighter moves behind
Cindy,  who is still leaning face down on the ring apron, slams her hand between
Cindy's legs, then demonstrating her incredible strength she shoves the old
woman back into the ring. Cindy is laying face down on the mat, helpless, unable
to move. Collette leaps into the ring and trots toward her prostrate opponent.
Standing near her head Collette reaches down, grabs a handful of Cindy's hair
and yanks her to her knees, pressing her other hand against Cindy's face she
slowly forces the older woman's upper torso back. Collette continues to increase
the pressure forcing Cindy's head and shoulders all the way back until they
touch the canvas. With Cindy's legs trapped under her and her head and shoulders
pressed firmly down on the mat, Collette straddles Cindy's body then drops her
firm butt  down onto the battered woman's midriff. A look of wickedness distorts
Collette's beautiful face as she reaches her right arm behind her  feeling for
Cindy's bare crotch.  A triumphant smile replaces the scowl on Collette's face,
she has found her mark and helps herself to a very generous handful of Cindy's
saturated slit. Cindy is on the verge of passing out as she feels Collettes long
sharp nails pierce her tender flesh. The French beauty pours on the pressure
closing her fingers tighter and tighter around Cindy's pulverized pussy, tiny
streams of crimson seep out around Collette's hand as her nails impale
themselves into Cindy's crotch.  The referee seeing the bllod between Cindy's
legs not wanting to see the woman suffer any permanent or disfiguring injury, 
rushes over and begins his count ...1...2...3.... , the match is over. Collette
gets the pin. Cindy gets to soak in the hot tub wondering if the pain invading
every inch of her body will ever go away.

	While the crowd begins to exit the arena, shaking their heads from side
to side in disbelief and murmuring about the spectacle they just witnessed,
Traci Cutler climbs into the ring to collect her beaten fighter. A sports
reporter rushes up to her, shoves a microphone in her face, "Wow, Traci your
fighter took an incredible beating tonight maybe you should stick to fighting
instead of training". "Maybe You should just shut your big mouth. Cindy's
training is just starting, I'm more determined now than ever before to whipping
that old lady into shape. Mark my words Mister, the beating Cindy just received 
pales in comparison to what I have in store for her."  Traci shoves the
microphone away from her face, leans over her fighter, straps the collar and
chain around her neck then drags Cindy out of the ring.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cindy Gray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





