BDSM Library - Jenny's Breast Torture




Jenny's Breast Torture
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young girl is taught the pleasure of pain by a new master.  At first she is reluctant but as she begins to enjoy their encounters he is unable to satisfy her and must trade her to a more skilled master.
Jenny's Breast Torture



	Jenny shivered and gripped her elbows tightly as she felt him move
behind her.  His warmth caressed her bare back as his hands caressed her arms to
her elbows then trailed up her ribs to rest under her breasts.  Slowly, almost
tenderly he cupped her  undersides.  "You might feel some pressure."  His voice
taunted her as he began to squeeze her breasts.  The soft pliant flesh tried to
accommodate him by bunching high up on her chest and sliding between his
fingers.  Soon no more accommodation was possible and waves of pain began
crashing through her slender body in time to her frantic heartbeat as the tender
flesh was compressed.  Jenny's mouth hung open gulping in air for screams she
was too afraid to voice and sweat burst from her chest.  The cool breeze coming
through the window created an almost unbearable contrast between the chilled
flesh it could reach and the burning flesh covered by her tormentor's hands.  As
the grip tightened past her wildest dreams of endurance Jenny's quiet moans
turned to high pitched whimpers.  Finally he released her and stepped back. 
"Turn around".  Jenny slowly, carefully pivoted, her favorite pair of old pink
panties were stretched between her knees and intuition told her it would be bad
if she let them drop.  As she came to face the full length mirror she saw an
approving smile and felt an inappropriate surge of pride that she had guessed
right.

	All feelings of pride vanished when she saw the reddened hand prints on
her tits and the pain came rushing back.  The detailed print of a large
masculine hand was clearly visible against the pale white flesh of her breasts
and purple bruises were already beginning to form where his finger nails had dug
into her.  Morbid fascination caused her to compare the creased red flesh to the
usual perfect white mounds that greeted her gaze and she shuddered at the
punishment her poor tits had endured.  Still they had recovered well, the
throbbing pain was starting to subside and they were just as firm and round as
before.  Once again pride rose as she realized that even at only fourteen years
of age her breasts were more than big enough to hold the hand print of a full
grown man.  This time when he moved behind her she stood straight and thrust her
breasts out, daring him to overcome their youthful resilience. 

	His hands covered her front, nestling her small flat nipples in the
palm.  He pulled her back against his body his hands forcing her breasts flat
against her chest wall, fingers spread wide to grip as much of her as possible. 
Again he began that long slow squeeze and she felt uniquely feminine pleasure as
his hands struggled to master the fullness of her breasts.  The budding pleasure
quickly turned to pain as an invisible line was crossed and his hands became her
master.  Soft flesh was once more forced between crushing fingers.  The pressure
quickly passed the previous level and all the blood in her breasts was forced
into the small bulges that had escaped and the perfect white flesh blossomed
crimson.  As the agony became unbearable she fainted.

	Jenny stared uncomprehendingly at the little girl in the mirror.  White
blond hair hung in disarray to her waist and framed the pale slim body.  The
full rounded mounds of her breasts covered her thin chest and turned the girl
into a woman.  A narrow waist flared into similarly feminine hips that trailed
away into long graceful legs sculpted by years of gymnastics.  The legs were
bisected by a dainty cleft closed by full lips and lightly covered by nearly
invisible wisps of white blond hair.  A thin trail of clear fluid spilt from the
cleft and trailed down her right leg to the turn of her knee.  As Jenny focused
on the trail the smell hit her.  "Oh god, no!" she whispered almost inaudibly. 
Her gaze lifted to the man behind her.

	He was holding her upper arms in that intimately familiar firm grip to
keep her standing.  She could tell by the small amount of pain that he had only
been holding her up for a few seconds since she had fainted from the pain in her
breasts.  She could also tell by the deep feminine musk filling the air that she
had orgasmed in those same few seconds.  Seeing her awake he released her arms
and she straightened.  After taking a deep breath to steady her nerves she stood
again as he had first placed her, legs slightly spread arms behind her back so
her hands touched her elbows.  After trying to look his reflection in the eyes
and failing she swallowed and stared at her nickel sized nipples and pushed her
shoulders back offering herself to him.  His hands took her offering, this time
from the top and slowly tightened. 

	The pain came quick this time since her already delicate female flesh
had been tenderized twice now.  The jolt of pain flared in her breasts then slid
out of her dry lips as a squeal of pain.  A heartbeat later a sharp spike ran
down her sternum and burst at the top of her cleft.  A hot tingle and buzz
erupted across her lower abdomen and across the skin of her buttocks.  The
squeal slid into a deep moan and her consciousness wavered under the crash of
conflicting signals.  She oscillated between the agony tearing her young breasts
apart and the strange hot pulses erupting deep inside her.  The torment
continued as the vise like grip on her breasts tightened until she jumped
between almost passing out from the pain again and cumming for the second time
in less that a minute.  Finally, as if he could read the swings of her confused
body, her tormentor released her breasts just as the pain flopped to pleasure
and she climaxed.  Hard shudders racked her slender body as inexperienced
muscles deep inside her treasured depths clenched, trying to tighten around
their nonexistent counterpart.  Lubricating fluids were released and slid out of
her unused. 

	Regaining her breath, Jenny looked at her reflection.  A thin line of
viscous fluid hung from her lower lips halfway to her panties.  Her young
breasts were completely red and covered with creases where the pliant flesh had
been folded in on itself.  Dark bruises marked the areas his finger tips had
pressed.  Still they stood defiant of gravity and her tormentors mangling hands. 
Poorly understood pride surged through her, pride that she was still beautiful
despite the mistreatment, pride that she was a woman, pride that her body had
compelled such desperately harsh longing.  Once more she stood and offered her
breasts.  His touch this time was even gentler as he cupped and held her up for
inspection but the pain flared higher.  "When will you stop?", she whispered so
softly that for a moment she was unsure if she had actually spoken.  "When you
cum on the floor."  His voice held such condensed cruelty that she marveled at
his ability to control it and just for a second she loved him for protecting her
from it.

	He took a pinch from the underside of her breasts between his
forefingers and thumbs and squeezed gently to separate it from the general mass. 
Then feeling the silky soft flesh beat gently with her heart he pulled it away
from her and held the selected portions in his hands.  Slowly he began to
tighten down.  It felt like her breasts were being torn in two and as she looked
in the mirror at the two grossly distorted globes it looked like that too.  The
pain was so intense that she didn't notice she was close to orgasming until the
climax rushed through her and the dangling string of cum between her legs grew
rapidly and fell only to be caught by her panties.  A moment of despair flooded
through her followed by admiration for her tormentors foresight. 

	This time he didn't let her go.  His hands began to ripple as he
tightened fingers in succession forcing the trapped blood back and forth in the
bit of her breasts that he held.  Her mouth opened to scream but he warned her
with a quick "Don't" and she held it back.  Her lower muscles released where her
mouth could not and three quick splats signaled the end of her fourth orgasm. 
The cum began seeping through the thin worn fabric of her panties and a second
pendulum formed below her.  Seeing her close to the edge he began to pull down
on her breasts stretching the delicate tissue and digging his fingers in even
harder determined not to let any of the flesh he had captured escape. 

	Jenny began to lean forward but then dim instinct once again asserted
itself and she forced herself upright using her unfortunate tits in a twisted
version of tug-o-war.  Her breasts were two distorted globes of suffering as
they were pulled apart and crushed at the same time.  The skin at connecting the
mangled flesh to her chest burned as it was stretched to the point of tearing
and something inside rebelled against the harsh treatment by overloading her
senses with a burst of pain that her insane womanhood interpreted as pleasure. 
As once more she slid into a dead faint Jenny's virgin muscles clenched at
nothingness and forced the last bit of female juice out of her before collapsing
into a tangle of cramps that would leave her insides bruised and tender for a
week. 

	For the few seconds she was unconscious Jenny's tormentor simply held
her up by the tortured flesh he had already so thoroughly abused.  When she woke
up he let her go, reached down and pulled her panties up high into a full wedgie
that can only be given to a girl and walked away.  Jenny was left to stare in
the mirror at her breasts swelling unevenly with bruises to half again their
normal size and then squirm uncomfortably as she realizes that chance had put
the cooling pool of her cum right against her anus.



	A week later Jenny once again offered her delectable young breasts to
her unknown tormentor.  She stood proudly in front of her mirror arms behind her
back fingers gripping her elbows shoulders back breasts full and vulnerable
before her.  She wore the same faded pink pair of panties, the thin cotton clung
tightly to her feminine curves dimly revealing her twin entrances.  Air slid
almost soundlessly through her slightly parted lips.  A thin covering of neutral
lip stick coated them, her long white blond hair had been combed until it fell
in perfect silky waves and her skin smelt lightly of roses from the long bath
she had taken only hours before.  Her tormentor smiled at the subtle but obvious
signs of preparation.  She had either correctly guessed the time of his return
(when the bruises on her breasts had faded to minor discolorations) or had
prepared every night waiting for his return at two in the morning (the
anniversary of his first assault).  Either option was pleasing as was the fear
evident running beneath her skin.  The mind blowing orgasms and natural
hornyness of a teenager had obviously excited her but now she was remembering
the pain that came with it.  He played on the memories of pain and once more
stood close behind her caressing her slender arms.  His fingers slid lightly
over her narrow ribs and waited beneath her trembling breasts.  The warm silky
skin and hammering heartbeat woke the darkness in his soul and he released it.

	Jenny swallowed nervously as she felt his hands stop beneath her
sensitive breasts.  Each beat of her heart brought her closer to the pain and
further eroded her resolve.  She had intended to stand proudly and take what
ever he could offer but now pain seemed to radiate from his hands.  The pain
from their last encounter and the pain of the numerous victims she was sure he
had.  The ghosts of other tortured little girls rose in her minds eye, some
proudly taking it, some crying and whimpering and begging for it to stop, all of
them learning that their desires were subservient to his.  Just as she was about
to speak his hands moved and gripped her breasts hard.  Her thoughts stopped
then fled as he lifted her lithe body directly into the air until she was
dangling by her tits.

	The abruptness shocked her and her body had no time to adjust, for the
first time she felt pure pain.  Each shuddering breath, each heartbeat inflamed
her flesh further and she succumbed to her first scream.  It ended abruptly as
he dropped her and she crumpled to the floor.  Her dark blue eyes snapped wide. 
She had just violated the unspoken rules that had protected her in the past and
sudden fear for life slammed through her.  The breath stuck in her throat and
she was unable to draw air as she waited for him to act.  Finally as her vision
started to turn dark he held out his hands waist high.  Trembling almost too
weak to move she knelt and placed her left breast in his right hand.  It snapped
shut like a steel trap.  The pain was almost a relief until she realized he was
still not moving.  Seeing his other hand understanding came and she shuffled
right stretching her left breast until her right just brushed his palm and once
more he held her.  The double pain soothed her and she relaxed knowing as long
as he was hurting her she was safe.

	He lifted her again using her breasts until she stood on her feet.  He
released her and stood back.  Her breasts were barely discolored despite the
rough treatment.  Bruises were forming where his finger tips had pressed but
other then that they were still the perfect full rounded mounds of a well
endowed woman on the chest of a fourteen year old girl.  "Bring me two metal
hangers."  She blinked at the odd order then hurried to obey.  She walked back
quickly holding two hangers, her large breasts swinging and bouncing lightly in
her haste.  After he accepted her offering she resumed her stance and stared as
he slowly straightened them.  Multiple scenarios ran through her head about how
he would use them and she began to get wet as her fertile imagination supplied
all sorts of inventive uses for the long metal probes.

	Leading her over to the bed he had her lay down with her breasts hanging
over the side.  Pillows were used to prop up her hips and legs so she lay at
more of an incline.  He moved a chair over to support her head.  Soon the full
globes of her breasts were the lowest point in her body and they began to swell
as the blood settled.  Minutes later they began to throb and an answering throb
woke deeper in her body at the combination of mild pain in her tits and
anticipation of more to come.  Taking her hands he moved them to her left breast
and placed them around the meat of her breast.  "Pull."  Jenny pulled distorting
the globe into a long cone.  Smack!  Her right breast bounced against the chair
leg as he hit it.  "Harder, bitch."  Her face burned in embarrassment at the
foul language and she yanked down only to have her tit slip from her grasp. 
Smack!  Her right breast bounced again and she hastily fumbled with herself
trying to get a good grip.  Twice more her right breast bounced off the chair
leg until she held her left breast firmly away from her body. 

	He inspected it.  "Good."  A surge of triumph rose.  She had pleased
him.  Bending one of the hangers in to a loop around her distended tit he
settled it tight against her chest wall.  Pulling slowly he began to constrict
the loop around her breast.  As her grip started to slip he yanked the loop
tight trapping the blood in.  Now her breast looked like a fleshy balloon
rapidly turn in a deep purple as her heart pumped more blood in but was unable
to pump it back out again.  He completed wrapping the hanger tightly around the
base of her breast as unasked she held the other one out of his way.  Now that
she knew what he was doing she did her best to aid him taking pride in her
ability to help.  Soon both breasts were tightly captured, the ends of the
hangers digging into delicate flesh.  Blood filled them to bursting and each
heartbeat was agony.  He pushed her into a sitting position and she winced as
more weight settled onto the pointy tips.  He gently brushed the hair out of her
face pulling it behind her and moved the mirror so she could look at herself. 

	The image of a slim young woman greeted her.  Pale pixie like features
stared out at her.  Perfect ivory skin, flat stomach, slender sculpted limbs,
two large breasts swollen with blood and bondage that led to a tight crease at
her center.  From her ribs down to her knees a liquid sheen of vaginal fluid
glittered wetly.  Her ignored womanhood begged for attention by releasing a
steady stream of lubricant.  Thick feminine odors filled the room.  Jenny's
attention was riveted to her breasts.  They looked abused, distorted, perverse,
swollen and utterly sexy.  The knowledge that she had helped make them that way
filled her with illicit pleasure.  Her mind filled with a pleasant buzzing and
she dimly noticed a small container being placed beneath her dripping opening as
she came.  The climax rose in long slow waves that washed away all sensation
except her deep liquid warmth.  When the wave trailed away she luxuriated in the
throbbing of her chest until the next wave carried her away.

	Reality returned and Jenny smiled in languid pleasure at the man behind
her.  Instead of returning it he placed her hands under her breasts until she
cupped herself then ordered her to raise them.  "Drop."  She released the
swollen flesh and her tits flopped down onto the points of the hanger.  The
sharp pain cleared the last of the mists from her mind and woke a strident
yearning in her innards.  "Again."  She lifted and dropped.  A few times more
and she had developed a measured rhythm.  Desire made her want to increase it
and she moved too early.  The orders stopped with her hands holding her female
treasures high.  She realized her mistake and froze, waiting for him to
continue.  As the pause drew out she squirmed eager for sensation to return to
her crotch.  Her outer lips were swollen and were no longer fully covered by the
narrow strip of her panties, glistening rounded flesh left its privacy and
begged for attention. 

	"Continue."  She let her breasts drop and once again her sole focus
became the heated mounds of her breasts.  He increased her speed and force until
the pain caught up and then passed the pleasure and she descended once more into
confused ecstasy.  Franticly she grabbed her swollen flesh and pushed it upward
until it pressed against her chin the her hands slid up to grasp the front part
of her breasts and she pulled the downward and ground them back against the
hangers then up again.  Her orgasm was harder this time and still sore inner
muscles spasmed out of time with her inner rhythm so her cum squirted out in
short uneven spurts and left her unsatisfied.  Her second attempt faltered as
her hands slipped from her sweaty flesh and she stopped.  Her hands twisted and
pinched at her heaving tits and she looked at him with desperate pleading eyes. 
Smiling grimly he moved her hands and harshly grasped her eagerly offered
breasts.  He waited a second until she guessed his game and asked him to lift
her.  Her hesitant demands became louder and stronger as she quickly rose toward
her peak.

	Jenny orgasmed rapidly and then begged him for harsher treatment as she
sensed once more the massive climaxes he had forced on her before.  His hands
mauled her tender breasts and she rocked her chest back and forth to compliment
his movement.  She practically shoved her tits into his hands as he pushed
towards her then leaned back when he pulled away.  The tips of the hangers dug
shallow furrows into the tender undersides of her breasts and she twisted so new
flesh was marked with each thrust.  Finally the building pressure inside her
crested and burst out in a spectacular shower of cum and her inner muscles
locked tight.  Still the orgasm rode her and they clenched tighter trying to
force every ounce of fluid out of her juicy young body and doubling her over in
pain.  He continued his hard rhythm as little tremors racked her and watched
with cruel pleasure as her inexperienced vagina torn itself apart.  Her now
soaked panty crotch hung down so he could see her female entrance and watch as
each spasm caused minute amounts of fluid, sometimes only one drop, to be
squeezed out of her tight hole.  Finally she knelt, head down between her knees
panting for breath and crying in pain.  He pulled on the back of her panties
forcing them up between her swollen lower lips using her tight body to squeeze
the fluid out of the crotch.  Satisfied that he had gotten most of it he lifted
the small Tupperware container he had placed earlier and moved around to lift
her chin.  Tears streamed down her face and he caught them in the cup as they
dripped off her chin.  Finally the spasms stopped except for the occasional
tremor if she used her stomach muscles too much.  When her tears stopped
dripping he capped the container and set it in her limp hand.  "Warm this every
night with your breasts until I come again."  He bent down to look her in the
eyes and grabbed the tips of her still flat nipples between a thumb and
forefinger.  "And if you touch these at all until I say you can I'll make you
bite them off and swallow them."  Then with a cruel smile that said he would
enjoy watching her do just that he walked out.

	Jenny stayed kneeling, straddling her pillow and just trying to breath
without cramping.  Soon her cooling flesh began to contract, her private
entrance once more tight lipped and discomforted by the panties wedged deep
inside it.  She reached down and slowly slid them out.  The tingle as they
brushed her supersensitive clit brought on another round of feminine cramps and
she bit her lip to keep from crying out.  As the cramps subsided her breasts
began screaming for attention and with trembling fingers she untwisted the
hanger until it was loose enough to permit blood flow.  The sudden rush of fresh
blood racked her with pain and she fell writhing on the bed images of her breast
exploding filled her mind and she buried her head in the fluid soaked pillow and
bit into the fragrant fabric to keep from screaming. 

	An answering explosion lower down resulted in more cramps and a rush of
liquid that perverse instinct caused her to catch in a cupped hand.  Using her
teeth to open the container she carefully poured her catch into it.  Then just
as carefully she held the rim with her teeth which forced her nose in contact
with the warm fluid and filled her nostrils with her unique inner scent.  Using
her now freed hands she loosened the bindings on her other breast and caught the
resultant burst of liquid from inside her in the container.  Carefully capping
the container she rolled over and waited whimpering face buried in the pillow
for the cramps to subside.  As she waited sleep caught up with her and she
drifted off with the smell and taste of young female virgin filling her senses.

	For the next two weeks Jenny was unable to masturbate.  Her first
attempt two days after the encounter, while warming the container with her tits,
failed.  Stimulation and arousal was easy using memories but the climax, its
results carefully caught and preserved in the container, caused such sever inner
cramps she vowed never to try it again.  The small wounds on her breasts healed
completely in the first few days and by day ten she was beginning to regret her
vow.  The thought of making a gift of her untouched body to her visitor was
compelling enough that she was able to sustain it.

	

	He came while she was dozing on the couch in the middle of a Saturday
afternoon.  She startled awake as he reached into her blouse, grabbed her left
tit and shoved its tip into her open mouth.  Instinctively she bit down on the
tip just as he released it and kept it from sliding out.  His harsh glare
covered his approval and he hissed, "Bite it off, I know you've been touching
it."  Her eyes widened and she shook her head in denial, consequently forcing
her to bite down harder to maintain control.  He raised his hand to slap her but
she pointed at the kitchen where her parents sat just out of sight around the
corner.  His angry glare promised punishment for the contradiction but stayed
his hand.  Thinking quickly Jenny stood up grabbing her breast in both hands to
keep it pressed against her chin she released to nipple and shouted, "Mom, Dad
I'm gonna go play at the fort."  As soon as the words left her mouth she quickly
stuffed the nipple back in and let go so the full weight of her breast hung from
her teeth.  The stranger smiled with controlled malice and stroked the side the
distorted boob.  "Ok honey, have fun and don't hurt yourself."  Her mom answered
back.  "Ok, Mom.  Bye."  Jenny bit down again and quickly led her visitor out
the back door and down a hidden path in her backyard making sure to keep a tight
hold on her nipple.  The fort was actually an abandon cottage house a few
hundred yards away concealed by an orchard that hadn't been trimmed in fifty
years.

	As soon as the door slammed shut behind her Jenny turned to face the
man.  With out breaking stride he strode up to her and punched her hard in her
right tit.  She fell down and he straddled her waist, grabbing a handful of
breast he punched her five more times before stopping and examining his
handiwork.  Her brutalized flesh was swelling rapidly and was already discolored
by deep purple bruises.  He struck her three more times, deliberate hard blows
intended to hurt her as deeply as possible.  Tears rolling down her cheeks she
stared at him with large blue doe eyes and bit herself to keep from screaming. 
Reaching over he tugged gently on her other breast and she released it. 
Realizing her mistake immediately she winced as he grabbed it and administered
the same brutal beating her other side had suffered. 

	Standing up, he surveyed the girl.  She lay in a heap, legs twisted
under her, large breasts pulled out of the tank top/sports bra combination she
wore and swelling nicely.  Semi-tight jean shorts covered the bare necessities
lower down with white socks and tennis shoes completing the out fit.  Everything
else was smooth ivory skin, slender limbs, a sharp pixie face and wide dark blue
eyes that acknowledged the irony of her earlier conversation.  Under his gaze
she drew herself up.  Correctly guessing his desires she remained kneeling,
thighs pressed tightly together, shoulders and arms back to render her delicate
breasts completely vulnerable. 

	Jenny waited in agonized anticipation.  This was the roughest he had
been with her, although he had regained control the first few blows to her chest
had been an unrestrained expression of anger.  By the same token the more
thorough beating afterwards had barely registered on her post orgasmic
conscious.  The warm results soaked her panties, the first time she had worn
this pair since he had visited her last.  She eagerly awaited his next abuses.

	Looking around he picked up an old car antenna.  It had been used
earlier by young children playing at swords but had been abandon due to the
welts it left.  Now those welts would be the reason for its use.  The first blow
fell down bisecting the pushed up top of her breasts.  The sharp sting
registered instantly, the pain seeming to linger in the exact same spot instead
of spreading through out her body.  Jenny screamed loud and full knowing that no
one would hear her and unable to restrain it in any case.  It felt like the top
of her tits had been cut open and she fully expected to feel blood running down
her chest.  Before she was able to recover her breath a second blow fell in the
exact same place and the scream choked her.  Fighting through nausea and tears
she pleaded "Not the same place, please, please, please." 

	With out regard to her plea he struck her again in the same spot and
this time blood welled from the opened welt.  Her vision swam and constant
unreasoning pleas fell incoherently from her lips.  As he raised the impromptu
whip again, inspiration lance through the pain and she choked out a new plea,
"One inch forward please!"  The whip fell precisely as asked and the sudden rush
of relief, triumph and pain rocketed to her inner well and it gushed forth
drenching her thighs with her juiciness.  Barely able to think she struggled
through the orgasm to beg him to whip her sensitive flesh in different places. 
The orgasm never seemed to quite stop and each stroke was answered by a new rush
of fluid from her inner reaches.  Soon Jenny knelt in a pool of cum.  In the
absence of an external entity her young body did its best to satisfy her
feminine channel's need to be filled by producing massive quantities of cum. 
Each gush of hot liquid created the momentary illusion of fulfillment.  Just as
the cum spread so did the expanse of welted flesh and soon every centimeter of
flesh above Jenny's small nipples was marked.

	In a surprisingly restrained voice she calmly asked him to begin
whipping the bottom part of her breasts.  Smiling he removed her tank top, a
process she eagerly aided him in.  Then he slid the tight elastic of her sports
bra up over her small nipples, which had remained flat and unaroused through out
her ordeal, and onto the welted skin of her upper breasts.  She winced at the
compression of her tender flesh but quickly and eagerly resumed her previous
posture. 

	Realizing the awkwardness of the stroke her tormentor gently pushed her
head back until she lay with her shoulders and shins supporting her weight.  Her
back arched and fully revealed the unblemished undersides of her breasts and
flat stomach.  As he raised the whip she requested a the first stroke be in the
center, happily he complied.  Once again she begged him in an increasingly
desperate and husky voice to whip her soft female mounds.  Jenny soon discovered
that her undersides were more sensitive and each blow from the makeshift whip
beat back the waves of her desire.  Writhing in agony and frustrated desire her
movement slowly caused her tight panties to worm their way into her tight
intimate cleft.  As the worn fabric began to rub against her hooded pleasure
spot desire once more outstripped pain and her orgasm built to new higher levels
until she erupted.  Fragrant juices gushed out and rapidly expanded the pool
around her hips.  Newly discovered muscles used the last of their recently
acquired endurance clenching at nothing and were soon left to quiver in
frustrated exhaustion.  Rising from the depths the rush of sensation had driven
her to, Jenny was met by the lash of the antenna directly across her young
nipples.  Confronted by the realization that only two more strokes were left
before she would suffer the stroke of the whip on already marked flesh Jenny
begged him to change stance and strike between her breasts.  With each earlier
stroke he had made sure to hit both breasts.  The bending on the antenna ensured
that the outer curves would be marked as well but the inside cleavage was as yet
untouched.  Pleased with her request he removed her sports bra to allow him full
access to her chest.  About to toss the fabric to the side he changed his mind
and removed her jean shorts as well.  Jenny aided him by first lifting her hips
then legs. 

	The crotch of her pink panties had disappeared fully into her.  Twin
pale curves met his gaze, swollen with passion and immersion in her released
fluids.  The tight opening gaped slightly and revealed her light coral pink
insides.  Handing her the bra he had her use it to cover her opening and keep
her panties from creeping up.  Standing over her rounded hips he raised the whip
and directed its stinging fury against the delicate inner curves of her breasts. 
To aid him she grasped the outer curves and pulled her tits apart.  The shock of
the pain caused her hands to clench involuntarily and her tortured tits were
soon marked by scratches and the blood filled crescents of finger nail imprints. 
The little expanse of flesh left was not enough to push her worn body over the
peak but it was plenty to make her yearn for it. 

	When the whip marked the last of her flesh with a swollen red welt Jenny
was left with no choice but to beg to be hit on already damaged flesh.  The
first stroke shattered her minds grip on her tongue and unable to change her
plea she watched helplessly as the lash fell with deliberate malice on the exact
same spot.  As the second bleeding welt crossed her bruised, swollen, welted
breasts Jenny fainted in pain/ecstasy.  The first sensation when she returned to
consciousness was the cramps of her inner muscles as they once more ripped
themselves apart in confused frenzy.  While Jenny lay helpless caught in the
fury of her most recently induce orgasm her companion began to bath her inflamed
breasts in the cool fluid that drenched the linoleum floor.  The touch soon
restored her awareness of her battered breasts just in time for the semi caustic
fluid to start a low level burning in her skin.  Blinking in post orgasmic
confusion Jenny helped him remove her soaked bra from her crotch and slide the
tight fabric over the full expanse of her large swollen tits.  The added
pressure and new fluid soon pushed the burning into the realm of pain. 
Misinterpreted as pleasure by her perverted lower body Jenny was once more
rolled into a heaving sea of pleasure.  Three more mellow orgasms shuddered
through her until lay gasping, entire body numbed. 

	The tormentor lifted his dazed victim and carried her limp body to the
river behind the cottage.  There he sat her down on a submersed rock and gently
bathed the wounds he had just inflected on her nubile body.  The cool water,
fresh air and sunshine slowly reawakened sensation in her and Jenny reclined
gratefully in the embrace of her torturer.  The unaccustomed kindness from the
hard hands stirred emotions deep inside her psyche and unconsciously she began
to love him.  When he judged her recovery sufficient to allow her abused breasts
to experience the full brunt of pain again he led the willing girl back inside.   

	Standing her in the middle of her self generated pool he stepped back. 
"Get yourself wet again." He ordered.  Bending at the waist she rubber her hands
in her cold cum and began to smear it all over her tortured breasts.  Once she
was fully covered she stood in her accustomed stance, head, arms, shoulders
back.  Legs slightly parted delectable bare breasts offered up in sacrifice to
the cruel ministrations of her visitor.  Removing several packets of fast food
salt he sprinkled it over her cum coated mounds.  After gently placing her small
hands on her swollen chest he gave her final instructions.  "Fuck yourself until
you cum on the floor then clean everything up."  As she grabbed her tits and
began thrusting with her chest he tossed the remaining salt packets on the floor
and walked out. 

	She shoved her breasts up until they touched her chin.  Unable to force
them any higher her hands slid over the mixture of cum and coarse salt until she
could grab the tips.  Rocking forward she compressed them against her chest wall
and pushed down until her hands slid off.  Then grabbing her base again she pull
out and up to start the pattern over again.  The salt began to abrade the
sensitive skin stripping off the first layer.  The second faired not better that
the first being more sensitive and still being exposed to the painful mixture of
caustic fluid and salt.  More grains of the painful substance were ground into
the bloody welts and fingernail markings causing a deep burning sensation that
seemed to go completely through her flesh.  When she finally came the thick
viscous fluid merely oozed out of her opening and after being split by her
panties ran in short lines down her inner thighs. 

	Feeling as if her insides were bone dry Jenny decided a break was
allowed and went outside to get a drink.  The cool water filled her.  Some
splashed down her chest and washed away streaks of salted cum.  Feeling suddenly
guilty, Jenny hurried back inside to fulfill her visitor's wishes.  Not wanting
to get wet paper stuck to her fingers she opened the remaining salt packets and
sprinkled their contents over the puddle of her juices.  Then feeling slightly
dirty and adventurous she knelt and rubber her agonizingly sensitive tits on the
floor.  This time her climax was even weaker and the lines of cum on her thighs
advanced only a few inches. 

	As her arms grew tired Jenny began to vary her routine.  Pinches, slaps
and twists took less effort and the jolts of pain began to feel good.  Soon she
was panting and mauling her tits as hard as she could.  Lubricating fluids began
to flow from her depths and thin the thick sticky cum that was all she had left. 
Simple arousal caused the twin lines to advance down to her knees.  Grabbing
hold of one breast Jenny did her best to give it an "Indian sunburn" by twisting
the top and base in different directions.  Then she took her left breast and
tried to turn it completely 360 degrees.  Only able to twist it half way with
out moving her hands, which would allow the resilient flesh to return to its
normal position, Jenny bent it upwards and grasped the nipple in her mouth to
try to hold it still.  As soon as she released it her breast turned except for
the nipple which was twisted painfully.  The stab of pain along with the heady
flavor rocked her and she climaxed.

	After waiting ten minutes for the cramps to subside.  Intrigued by the
taste of virgin cum, Jenny licked again at her breast.  The smooth silken
sensation of her warm tongue moving over tortured flesh excited her teenage
libido.  A sudden nip at the end of the tongue stroke delivered the now
requisite pain with the sinful pleasure.  Excitement hammered through her
slender body and soon she was moaning in ecstasy as she lapped and nibbled at
her cum drenched tits.  After twisting her breasts over so she could clean the
undersides she stood for a second in frustrated desire as she finished the last
of her treat.  Realizing she still stood in a pool of salted cum the randy
teenager quickly knelt down and rubbed her large ultra sensitive tits in the
last remnants.  Able to feast once more she devoured the strong tasting slime
that had dripped from her female lips hours before.  In her horny feeding frenzy
she caused more damage to her already thoroughly punished tits. 

	As fresh cum splattered on the floor Jenny knelt with out hesitation and
gathered it with her tits.  Licking her own fresh warm juice from her welt
covered tit she saw the streaks of cum running down her long legs.  Not wanting
to punish her over abused breasts by further contact with the cracked linoleum
she stretched and managed to rub her lower calf across the tip or her right
breast.  Unable to reach any higher she decided to forgo the pleasure provided
by her breasts and harvest the luscious womanly nectar directly with her tongue. 
Years of gymnastics came in handy and soon her legs were completely clean except
for the swollen curves of her womanhood.  Hesitating briefly she breathed in the
thick musky scent then lapped cautiously at the covered opening.  The sensation
was strange, exciting beyond anything she had experienced so far.  The thrill of
perversity triggered a deep orgasm and she daintily licked up the liquid rising
from her inner well.  Once the illicit pleasure faded, she lay trying to relax
her inner muscles.  Through an hour of unrelenting cramps that threatened to
permanently damage her delicate insides she suffered wishing she had quit just a
little earlier. 



	Jenny's ever resilient young breasts healed quickly.  Surface bruises
were gone with in a day, the less sever welts disappeared with in two days.  The
deep bruises that had damaged the organs, milk glands and ducts, lingered longer
as blue/green discolorations beneath the clear ivory skin.  With in a week those
too faded and only the faint traces of two welts marred the smooth soft skin. 
Ten days after her assault the last of the welts faded.  Significantly longer to
heal were the wounds deep in her insides caused by her inexperienced vagina
tearing apart its own fragile muscles during her intense orgasms.  Three days
after the encounter bruises began to appear on her stomach and lower belly.  Any
sort of exertion caused tremors in the weakened muscles.  She was completely
unable to masturbate and even avoiding going to the bathroom for to long became
impossible.  Two months later the inner bruises were still faintly visible.

	Her friends at school began to annoy her with their inane talk of boys
and kisses and after slowly drawing away from them Jenny convinced her mom to
allow her to take gymnastic lessons again.  Although the size of her breasts
affected her balance too much for her to be really good the intense work out
allowed her to keep her mind off of her visitor and his continued absence.  
Three more months of continuous hard work outs put Jenny back in as good a shape
as when she was twelve.  Internal bruises finally faded and she felt everything
returning to normal.  Her fifteenth birthday also arrived.

	An interview for a new job took her parents across the country but
school kept Jenny home for the month they would be gone.  After talking to her
parents for a few hours she retreated to her bed room to open the presents that
had come in the mail that morning.  Sitting naked except for her favorite pair
of panties, now getting a little too small, she began opening the packages. The
first few were the normal clothes, books, cell phone, and makeup accessories
given to a normal young fifteen year old girl.  The final gift was a large furry
teddy bear half the size of her body.  Smiling she picked him up to add to her
already large collection of the cute furry beasts. 

	The bear felt oddly heavy and when she pressed in she could feel a hard
lump in the torso.  Curious she flipped him over and, finding the zipper in back
opened him up.  Inside was a large oval chest covered in wrapping paper with her
name all over it in curly pink letters against a white background.  Frowning,
since hidden presents were not her parents style, Jenny carefully unwrapped the
container.  Inside the oval container was made of black wood with her name
carved skillfully in the front.  A small envelope held a tiny silver key on a
charm bracelet.  The key fit into the small lock holding the chest closed.

	Nervous now and slightly excited since this was definitely not her
parents style, she inserted the key and turned it in the lock.  Opening the oval
chest Jenny stared in confusion then dawning horror/joy at the tightly packed
contents.  The intent was suddenly obvious but exact functions were either too
obscure or too horrible to contemplate.  A reel of two hundred pound test
fishing line was grouped with several feet of rubber tubing.  Next to that lay
eight feet each of thin cotton, silk, and hemp rope.  A spectacular array of
sewing needles were revealed when she undid a thin roll of cloth.  Long needles,
short needles, thick needles, thin needles, curved needles, hooked needles and
double headed needles with rolls of colored waxed thread.  A little plastic
container underneath the roll held thumb tacks and pins of varying sizes and
colors.  The leather pouch under that held clips.  Some clips came in chained
pairs, some were flat and smooth, others had small, medium and large teeth. 
There were clips with needles at the end, round balls at the end, or circular
openings.  A separate compartment held candles and waxes while another held
lotions and oils.  Along with the lotions were contact pads and conductive gel
with a small box of batteries and a controller.  The two last compartments
disturbed her the most.  One held a collection of hypodermic syringes with lots
of spare needles and twenty different little glass containers with unreadable
labels.  The last held a scalpel with numerous removable tips along with gauze,
band-aids, sterilizing alcohol, iodine and tweezers.  Jenny shuddered and closed
the lid with its inner mirror, she knew instinctively and intellectually that
all these implements would be used to torture her sensitive breasts.  Even more
horrifying she knew she would somehow enjoy it, as even now she felt herself
getting wet.

	He came for her at ten twenty seven, the exact moment she turned
fifteen.  One moment she was asleep on her side cuddling with the teddy bear,
the next she writhing in agony from the long needle piercing both her breasts. 
She suffered in bewildered silence until she realized what was wrong.  Still
staying silent she rose to kneel on her bed and offer her breasts to her
tormentor.  With the needle piercing her at such an odd angle she was unable to
straighten up.  Each attempt sent her into agonized convulsions as the needle
moved inside her tender breasts.  Finally he took pity on her and withdrew the
needle in the same sharp movement he had inserted it with.  Straightening up she
knelt unable to suppress a bone deep tremble having at this point very little to
do with arousal and very much to do with pain, fear and shock. 

	Watching him she became aware of small drops of warm blood slowly
running down the sides of her breasts.  The delicate sensation was at extreme
odds with its source but she felt the blood rushing up to fill her breasts,
making them extra sensitive.  As her skin flushed and heated she stared into her
attackers eyes.  The distilled cruelty made her want to cringe and turn away but
she had some questions she was determined to ask.  As the two droplets of blood
merged on the bottoms of her breasts and hung trembling slightly with her heart
beat she gathered her courage and asked the first one.  "Why did you leave me
for so long?"  Her voice quavered more that she wanted as she asked the question
but her abandonment had severely bothered her on an unconscious level.  He
waited a moment before answering, stepping forward he brushed the back of his
knuckles over the small flat nipple of her left breast.  "You were younger that
I thought."  His voice was oddly gentle as were his fingers as they slowly began
to caress her.  "Am I old enough now?"  This time her voice held a trace of
anger and didn't tremble nearly as much.  His fingers gently grasped the nipple
then squeezed with that same old slow speed that drove her so mad.  Once the
sensitive tip was compressed until no blood could remain inside he began to pull
upward, distorting her perfectly shaped breast.  Finding the limit he could pull
it to with out the nipple slipping from his grasp he held her there.  "No, I
thought you were eighteen."  The nipple finally slipped and her breast slapped
against her chest and bounced pleasantly for awhile.  "But," his voice held a
bit of anger and wonder, "I still find your body just as irresistible and
irreplaceable as before."  His mouth twisted in a grimace as he thought of the
two other girls he had toyed with.  Torturing their breasts just reminded him of
a set that was more perfect.  Torturing them else were had just made him wonder
what violating this one underage girl would be like. 

	A tingle of delight spread through Jenny.  He had told her she was
irresistible.  She knew he had taken other girls, she could feel the memory of
their bodies every time he touched hers but she didn't care.  The knowledge that
he had compared her body to that of a fully developed eighteen year old in
intimate detail and still come back for her was heady news indeed.  Pride in her
woman hood strengthened, pride in her body, pride that she could endure.  "I
wonder if you enjoy this as much as you seem to, " he mused as he stroked one
finger continuously around the nipple he had just recently abused, "your nipples
never get erect and they should.  If they did you'd be perfect."  He sighed,
"Maybe you're still to young."  A huge chink appeared in her ego.  Suddenly cast
from heaven she knelt stunned speechless on her bed.

	He continued to play with her nipples, touching the ultra sensitive
flesh almost exclusively.  Pinching, pulling, twisting, poking he seemed to be
trying to find out what was wrong with them.  They began to swell with bruises
and pulsed with sharp pain each time her heart beat but still he seemed unable
to find her one hidden flaw.  The sharp pain began to resonate in lower regions
and her lubricating fluids began to flow out and down her thighs.  "How are they
supposed to work?" Jenny asked in a little girl voice.  If she knew what was
supposed to happen maybe she could make her body work right.  Capturing the
abused nipples he rolled the swollen flesh between his fingers as he thought. 
After a minute she was once more squirming at the edge of a climax.  Releasing
her he moved to her computer and logged on.  Curious she followed him and
blushed in embarrassment as he bought her an account on a site called "The
Breast Dungeon" with the caption "master of tit torture".  Entering the pictures
section he selected a page for her to view.  She was confronted by the sight of
hundreds of beautiful breasts in various stages of torture.  All of them had
hard erect nipples, tight cones of sensitive flesh rising above the tender
mounds begging for special attention. 

	Ashamed Jenny looked at herself.  Although fully aroused her nipples
would still be flat it he hadn't pinched them until the flesh had bruised and
swollen.  Still they were definitely not hard like the other girls.  Moving into
the more extreme pictures she finally recognized what the clips and clamps in
her little chest were for.  Hurrying back to the teddy bear she removed the case
and unlocked it kneeling at his feet.  Looking up at him she offered the chest
with both hands.  "Don't stop until I'm perfect."  Taking the chest from her
hands he smiled and stroked her fine hair back from her face.  "I'm too horny to
help you."  Eagerly she accepted the bait.  Holding her delectable breasts up
she offered, "Fuck me, then teach me." 

	He led her to her bed and pushed her down on her back.  Undressing
swiftly he straddled her torso so he hung right between her breasts.  He helped
her mold the warm soft flesh of her tits until it fully surrounded him.  "Hold
it tight as a pussy."  He commanded.  Then thrusting purposely hard he broke her
grip and her breasts flattened out again.  She tried again and he broke her grip
again.  Seeing him start to get angry she squashed her tits around and held as
tight as she could.  When he thrust this time her nails scored long tracks in
the tender white flesh.  Gripping her right tit he slapped the inside five times
then repeated the punishment on the other.  Each time she gripped herself he
tore her breasts out of her grip with a strong thrust and punished her breasts
again.  Soon blood was welling to the surface and the insides of her swelling
breasts glared painful crimson.  Shaking his head in mock disappointment as she
fumbled sobbing with her breasts he walked over to her oval container and
withdrew several items.  Kneeling back on top of her he began threading the
thick needle with waxed thread.

	Horrified Jenny stared in fascination at his hands.  She had gone from
being on top of the world to being a useless piece of trash who could not get
fucked even if she tried as she had been for the last half hour.  The failure
had dimmed her ardor but the pain as always kept her insides aflame with
perverse yearning.  Finishing the knot in the end of the thread he assumed his
position over her breasts and nodded at her.  Taking her cue she grasped her
breasts and surrounded him again.  With a twisted smile he pressed the needle
against the side of her left nipple and looking full into her fearful eyes drove
the sharp metal through the small nub.  She screamed and arched her back but he
had her completely pinned and helpless.  Her body sought release as it always
had and cum flowed in thick streams from her inner fountain.  Ignoring her
pain/pleasure he swiftly pierced her other nipple.  While a second orgasm ensued
he drew the string taught until her two nipples pressed together.  Sending the
needle through a second time and fully stretching the delicate flesh he tied the
thread in a tight knot between the two bleeding nubs and admired his handy work. 

	The little girl's massive breasts were now sown together by the nipples
around his hard cock.  Her shudders served to move the soft flesh back and forth
and provide stimulation.  Slapping the mound of tender breast meat brought
further pleasure and he thrust forward.  As he moved forward her breasts were
pushed apart which stretched the delicate flesh of her nipples.  Slowly he began
riding her tied chest, her soft screams and gasping moans were as stimulating as
the violation of her young flesh.  The overwhelming pain in her nipples kept her
lower body in almost constant orgasm, when ever she seemed to be waning he would
deliver a stinging slap to her suffering mounds and send her back down again. 
Rising toward his own climax he grabbed her tits and unmindful of the damage
inflicted on her began to thrust harder and harder until he released between the
twin mounds.

	Afterwards she curled on her side and began to cry softly.  Although
willing, she felt violated by the extremely harsh treatment of her tender young
body.  Waves of pain continued to crash through her chest and she was too tired
and shocked to derive pleasure from the sensation.  Blood continued to seep from
her torn nipples and dimly she wondered if he had damaged her forever.  Without
looking she knew he was leaving and she would be left alone to deal with the
after affects of his abuse.  Gradually Jenny was forced to confront the
knowledge that her tormentor, whoever he was, loved her body but definitely not
her.  Her own buried love struggled for life with all the strength of that first
full infatuation.  Unable to overcome her pain it refused to die and eventually
it kept her from dying.

	A strange desire to prepare herself for the next visit began to well in
her subconscious and Jenny opened her eyes.  They were almost crusted shut and
the full noon sun blazed through her windows.  Realizing she had passed out for
over twelve hours she moved to jump out of bed.  Just as she lifted her head the
world blurred and swam and she lay back down breathing deeply to help the nausea
pass. The deep breath caused a twinge in her nipples and the sudden pain caused
her to vomit.  Franticly heaving over the side of her bed she just managed to
avoid further soiling.  Blood began to drip from her sown nipples and splash on
her dark blue rug.  Slowly, heaving every few seconds the little girl managed to
crawl to the bathroom and rest her head on the cool linoleum. 

	Afraid that she would pass out if she waited too long she fumbled for a
pair of scissors and carefully cut the thread connecting her nipples.  The flesh
was so swollen she had to dig around to find the thread.  After nearly fainting
twice from the pain the thread parted and she plucked it from her violated
flesh.  Blood began poring in rivulets down the womanly curves and dripping on
the floor.  In a daze of blood loss she somehow managed to grab some gauze from
the first aid kit and apply it to her bleeding tips.  The pressure slowed the
flow but she was unable to press too tightly.  Pain from the abused flesh
threatened to overwhelm her.  Desperately she made her way back to the bondage
kit her tormentor had given her and removed two nipple clamps.  Steeling herself
she made sure they both covered the necessary amount of flesh and let them clamp
down on the mangled tips of her magnificent breasts.  Consciousness remained
long enough for her to ensure she was not bleeding then she passed out.



	Two days later Jenny critically examined her breasts in the mirror. 
Holes were visible through the delicate flesh of her nipples.  The tops were
still swollen and grossly discolored.  Only a thin inch ring around the base of
each peak was free of markings and glowed with pale white good health.  Her
visitor was about to change that.  The sowing roll was opened next to her. 
Slowly so he could drag out every second of feminine pain he began to insert the
thin needles into her sensitive flesh.  Micro orgasms shuddered through her at
each insertion but her body had grown accustomed to far more sever punishment
and held itself ready for much greater abuse. After a ring of needles were
inserted every half inch in the little remaining healthy flesh the shock rig was
carefully wired to each needle.  The feel of the sharp objects moving around
inside her as the wires were attached brought more pain and Jenny began
whimpering.  As the pain moved downward the walls of her pussy began to contract
and rub against each other eliciting a far more pleasurable sensation. 

	As the pain driven orgasm waned and her body was ready for more abuse
the skilled torturer began to shock her tits.  Small jolts of electricity were
applied to make her breasts spasm.  The spasms caused the needles to jerk and
twist inside of her.  Each spasm also had the effect of squeezing the already
swollen flesh at the tops of her breasts and waking a dull lingering pain that
began to throb in time with her increasing heart rate.  As Jenny began to writhe
sensuously with the pain/pleasure her female opening parted its dainty lips and
streams of lubricant flowed down her slender legs.  Like he knew they would the
needles began to work their way out of her flesh with the combination of
shudders, trembling, panting and writhing.  Just as the first major orgasm began
to build several needles slid out and the shocks stopped.  Moaning in
frustration Jenny begged him to fix it. 

	Smiling he removed a small glass cylinder and a hypodermic needle. 
Using half the fluid for each breast he inserted the syringe deep into her
feminine mound and filled an empty milk duct with a mildly acidic solution.  As
the ultra sensitive flesh became inflamed her breasts swelled to double their
original size.  Now, hard and spherical her breasts jutted obscenely from her
narrow chest.  The needles were firmly captured in the swollen mounds and after
taking great pleasure in reinserting the loose needles he began to shock the
mangled flesh again.  As her tortured flesh convulsed it forced the caustic
fluid up the channels intended to nourish her children and began to drip from
her nipples.  The newly inflamed flesh swelled further and high pitched screams
whispered out of Jenny's lips.  Feeling her fragile flesh about to explode along
with the deep hurt inflected by the electrified needles buried in her tits
caused the young girl to loose all control and fall convulsing off the chair. 

	The shock of her hard fluid filled breasts smashing into the floor and
fully inserting several of the needles overwhelmed her mind and she suffered
from another orgasmic black out.  Waking seconds later Jenny struggled to sit
up.  Her breasts were swollen globes of agony.  Every movement brought new pain
but she climbed back into the chair and resumed her position.  Staring at the
distorted mounds of her tortured breasts fierce pride burned in her.  She was
only fifteen but she could take this horrendous abuse and still be beautiful. 
As an orgasm raged in her lower body, stealing her breath and turning her bones
to blissful liquid she fought to remain poised.  The burning fluid continued to
leak from her ravished nipples and run in painful streams down the sensitive
skin of her breasts.  Her tormentors hard hands grasped her intimated flesh and
began to repeat the long slow squeezes he had first used to bring her to orgasm. 

	Her hard flesh resisted for moments then a thin stream of caustic liquid
burst from her nipples and sprayed across her legs.  The liquid began to pool
between her tightly clamped thighs and soak into her pink panties.  Her lightly
furred outer lips felt the burn first on their swollen surface.  For awhile the
continuous flow of juices from her innards kept the burning liquid at bay.  As
the last of the caustic solution was cruelly squeezed from her aching breasts
Jenny slumped forward into unconsciousness and was abandoned.  As the flow of
cum stopped the caustic fluid began to wick up the worn fabric of her panties. 
Now two sizes too small, Jenny's favorite pair of panties dug deep into her
engorged womanhood.  The caustic fluid mixed with cum and began assaulting the
fragile inner lips of her pussy.  Unconsciously backing away from the pain Jenny
scooted farther back on the chair and caused her panties to slide back the thin
flap of skin protecting her clit.  As the tiny nub of nerve endings came in
contact with the mild acid mixture it began to become erect.  Jenny's mangled
nipples followed suit but her tormentor was long gone and by the time she
awakened from her orgasmic stupor they lay flat and innocent again.  This
unfortunate lack of witnesses would result in another three months of severe
torture to her sweet nubile breasts.

	

	Jenny stood naked in the cottage.  Her arms were pulled behind her and
up towards the ceiling by a thick rope innocently borrowed from her dad this
morning.  Her long white blond hair clung in damp silken waves to her sweaty
back and sides.  Her eyes were closed and her labored breathing was counter
pointed by subconscious moans.  Full round breasts hung pendant from her slender
torso as she was forced to lean forward slightly.  Parallel streams of cum
glistened from her lower lips down to form as small pool between her long legs. 
Light scars covered her heaving breasts, thin lines and points from endless
piercing, cutting, whipping, burning, beating and any other form of abuse that
could be leveled against her luscious globes.  Barely healed holes bored through
the ultra sensitive nubs of her nipples.  She was never allowed to keep the
holes open between torture sessions.  Each time she was pierced anew and each
time her young body rapidly healed to accommodate her torment.

	Three months had passed since she had begged her tormentor to make her
perfect by teaching her nipples to become erect while she orgasmed.  Despite the
endless effort, barely a day went by that he did not come and administer some
form of punishment to her fragile flesh, she was still unable to show arousal. 
The budding romance of their relationship had finally died as both parties
became frustrated with her body and his inability to manipulate it.  Everyday
she suffered from tremendous orgasms but these had become routine for her young
body and she no longer fainted or had her cunt collapse into helpless spasms. 
Frankly Jenny was bored.

	For her tormentor's part he had to admit that her helpless tender body
had conquered him.  She was just as appealing as when he had first taken her but
he knew she no longer loved him.  His exploration of her body excited him so
much more than it excited her.  She did not fear him, he could not hurt her more
with out causing permanent damage and she knew it.  She knew the limits he could
push her body too and they were not far enough for her.  He had waited to long
to turn her over in hopes that he could master her just one more time, now he
doubted she would even remember him in her dreams or fantasies. 

	Looking up at the knock on cottage door he walked wearily towards it. 
Now that the end was here he was glad.  Jenny looked up in fear, discovery her
only concern but he savored it anyway.  Opening the door he let in his visitor. 
The last two weeks had been spent in negotiation with the infamous dominatrix. 
Pictures and short video clips had been sent and a final price was settled on. 
He was trading the most beautiful girl he had ever discovered for two weeks of
teaching from her new owner.  Lucinda Pierce was at twenty five the youngest and
indeed only girl harvested by the Society to turn the tables and join.  Plucked
at a not quite ripe age of twelve, by seventeen she was on the counsel and being
heavily courted by members for admission to her Closed Sessions.  At nineteen
she went Rogue.  Half a year later her discovery and conversion of a True
Innocent brought her fame and status as untouchable.

	Lucinda walked around the girl and admired her.  Gorgeous hair, innocent
features, lithe limbs toned by years of gymnastics, breasts large enough to
fully manipulate but not so large as to be grotesque.  "You've scarred her." 
The woman's voice was matter of fact but he could feel the criticism.  A nod
seemed to suffice and she moved on.  "How big are you breasts when they're not
swollen from beatings or chemicals?"  Jenny stared at the new visitor.  Her old
tormentor never talked except to order her.  The answer seemed important but she
couldn't remember, her womanly mounds had been bruised and swollen since she
turned fifteen three months ago.  She may have grown but this woman would expect
the absolute truth.  "Thirty six C.  I think.  I'm not sure.  They never...",
Jenny trailed off and looked at her old tormentor for help.  The answer was
wrong.  She could feel it.  He didn't even look at her. 

	Jenny began to examine her new visitor.  The woman was dressed in simple
black suit slacks and a red turtle neck sweater.  Black hair tumbled in raven
curls to the lower curve of her pert buttocks.  The sweater clung to the rounded
mounds of her breasts.  They were slightly smaller than Jenny's.  Her body
seemed toned but she didn't look the type to exercise or go to the gym.  Her
hands were slender, nails painted emerald and cut short.  The most captivating
feature was her face.  It was the face of an angel.  Delicate but hard, eyes
big, beautiful, expressive, cruel and merciless, wildcat green.  "I'm Lucinda." 
The woman waited.  "I'm...I'm Jenny."  Lucinda continued to stare.  Jenny licked
her dry lips.  "Jenny Grace Appleton."  Saying her whole name made her suddenly
conscious of her circumstance.  No longer was she lost in a daydream haze.  She
was naked in front of strangers, tied up with a rope she had brought for the
purpose.  Her breasts were bruised and bleeding from this mornings torture
session and cum was running down her legs because she had enjoyed it so very
much.  She had asked the man to fuck her bleeding breasts multiple times.  She
had enjoyed that too.

	Lucinda watched awareness rise in the girl.  Conversation always made
girls more sensitive and alert.  The men never understood that.  That's why they
lost control so often, they never realized that for women orgasms were mostly
mental.  "What do you want?" she asked Jenny.  Still taken aback by the fact
that she was having a conversation Jenny waited a moment then spoke.  "My
nipples."  Lucinda raised an inquiring eyebrow and let her lips curl in a slight
smile.  Jenny blushed.  "I want my nipples to get hard.  He says..." she trailed
off and looked at the man.  He stared back silently.  He had already noted the
signs of increased arousal that had been absent for weeks.  The skin of the
girl's breasts was flushed.  Goosebumps appeared and disappeared.  Her labia
were flushed as well and leaking lubricant.  Her eyes couldn't quite stay
focused.  All this from a simple conversation. 

	"Bend over and spread your legs more.  Keep them straight and straighten
your back.  Look at the spider web in the window.  Roll your hips so I can see
your entire pussy from behind."  Lucinda spoke in a normal speaking voice as if
she were giving directions to a gas station.  Again the real world seemed to
crowd closer to Jenny and suddenly she could hear the kids next door playing. 
The graphic directions hit the pit of her stomach and her insides loosened
sending streams of steamy juices down her thighs.  She obeyed.  Lucinda
flattened her hand and smacked Jenny's exposed pussy directly on the wet lips. 
The blow stung slightly but mostly it was loud and wet and intimate.  It told
the world that Jenny was letting a complete stranger abuse her most intimate
area, the center of her young womanhood.  The shock of the light blow went
directly to her dangling breasts and their quiescent nipples.  The pink flesh
puckered and drew into a hard cones.  Pounding blood rushed to fill them and
they elongated. 

	Ecstasy filled Jenny.  Her juices flowed in unrestrained streams down
her legs, inner muscles writhed as she emptied out.  She opened her eyes to see
Lucinda staring in disapproval.   "From now on if you ever climax without my
direct permission I will punish you.  You won't enjoy it."  The statement was
spoken calmly, even slightly kindly but the green eyes spoke of inconceivable
tortures a mere fifteen years old girl could not imagine.  Jenny nodded and
tried to stop.  She clenched her insides but that just squeezed more liquid out
of her.  Muscles she had never really thought of before disobeyed her first
attempts at ordering and she could do nothing but wait for it to pass.  Her
visitors left her to get out of the rope herself.  A quick flip and she untied
her hands and set about cleaning the cottage.  Somehow she knew she would not be
coming back here soon.

	A week later Jenny's parents received a letter inviting their daughter
to attend a private gymnastics school in Switzerland.  All expenses would be
covered by one Lucinda Pierce.  They were proud and excited and a little sad
when their little girl said she would love to go.  They made her a cake and had
a party and that night Jenny masturbated by slapping her bare pussy and
pretending Lucinda was watching.  Her nipples even got hard when she opened her
favorite teddy bear and put clamps on the little pink buds.

	The school was a large rambling castle with numerous out buildings.  It
was surrounded by endless lengths of rocky grassland, mountains on all sides and
a dense forest half a mile north.  A narrow dirt rode led to a village three
days walk to the southeast.  Jenny arrived in a private helicopter with her two
pieces of luggage.  On held clothes and school supplies the other a giant teddy
bear.  She wore a long dark blue dress that matched the color of her eyes and a
bra one size too small.  Lucinda was waiting for her at the helipad along with
two girls about one year younger than Jenny.  Both were quite pretty and had the
figures of future models.  They looked at Jenny with an odd mixture of pity and
jealousy.  The helicopter took off in a blast of dust and air that sent the
girls' dresses swirling and revealed their lack of undergarments as well.  Once
the helicopter was out of sight Lucinda walked forward smiling and hugged Jenny. 
"Welcome to my house."  Jenny smiled back somewhat nervously, "Thank you." 

	Lucinda watched Jenny.  The unexpected smile and welcome had set her off
balance, she had come expecting pure cruelty, now she was unsure.  "Let Angie
and Marie take your stuff, I don't want you to carry anything to the house." 
Jenny hesitantly lowered her luggage, the young girls immediately picked it up
and stood silently behind her.  "Come on."  The words sounded like an order,
Lucinda turned on her heels and started walking toward the house, Jenny
followed.  Three steps later Lucinda stopped and with out turning around snapped
out, "You're still carrying something."  Jenny stopped as well, confused, her
hands were empty.  "Drop it now!  Ten."  Lucinda held up one slender finger. 
Marie and Angie shuddered knowing the standard punishment and how much pain it
could bring.  "Twenty."  Jenny thought franticly, understanding dawned and she
hastily stripped her dress and bra off.  Lucinda was already at fifty. 

	Jenny stood naked in the grass shivering in the cold wind that caressed
her intimately.  This was so unlike her previous experiences.  Her intuition was
no help and she was all alone with no warm bed and house to return to.  Fear
caused her to shiver and made the cold even worse.  Her nipples shrank to small
hard pebbles that hurt.  As Lucinda moved off she followed only to have her turn
around with that cruel smile and say "One hour."  Horrified Jenny looked down at
her shoes then kicked them off as quickly as possible.  Fear curdled in her
belly and she felt sick.  An hour of punishment and she hadn't even made it to
the house yet. 

	Enjoying the young girl's fear Lucinda decided it was time to begin
twisting it.  Motioning with one finger she called the nymphet to her. 
Trembling Jenny advanced and stopped just out of reach.  "Enjoying yourself my
dear?"  Hesitation writhed beneath the beautiful features.  She wasn't but she
was afraid to say so.  Just as Lucinda was about to count once more Jenny spoke. 
"No mistress."  An elegant eyebrow rose in appreciation.  Most girls had to be
beaten to get that part.  "Good, you're here for my enjoyment not yours." 
Another cruel smile.  Slender hands rose and cupped Jenny's full breasts.  They
squeezed, the tender flesh bulged up until only about half remained in Lucinda's
hands.  With a sudden twist she brought her hands to the top so Jenny's breasts
were turned one hundred and eighty degrees.  The sudden abuse of her cold flesh
shocked her and sent jolts of pain searing through her body.  Suddenly she was
too warm.  "Are you going to cum?"  Jenny shook her head franticly aware that
her lower body was loosening and beginning to ooze.   Turning her hands until
they were between Jenny's breasts Lucinda dug her fingernails into the soft
flesh.  "Are you sure?"  Jenny tried to answer but only a despairing moan came
out.  Her inner muscles were already squeezing.  Tugging on the girl's distorted
breasts Lucinda brought their foreheads together.  "Yes or no?"  Shaking her
head franticly Jenny began muttering "no" under her breath.  They came louder
and louder until with one final "no" she orgasmed.

	The spasms subsided quickly under Lucinda's angry gaze.  "Two hours." 
She turned and walked briskly toward the outer wall of the big main house. 
Jenny hurried to follow and was somewhat relieved to discover that she had made
no more mistakes.  Of course, maybe an unapproved orgasm was so bad Lucinda had
decided to overlook her other transgressions.  Hurried steps and long strides
quickly took them to the large double doors.  The last hundred feet to the doors
was paved and the way was lined by numerous statues of stone creatures.  A
twenty foot hedge stood ten feet back from the statues giving a small illusion
of privacy.  Once she reached the double doors Lucinda knocked and gestured for
Angie and Marie to enter.  Marie looked back once with a look of sympathy then
ducked inside the shelter of the walls.  Jenny caught a quick glimpse of a wide
dirt courtyard before the door was shut. 

	"A few rules before you go inside.  The first you already know."  A
pointed glance at Jenny's wet crotch.  "The second, you can leave at anytime but
my responsibility ends at the walls.  Third you have to fulfill all you assigned
punishments before reentering."  Jenny's beautiful tormentor had started
wandering amongst the statuary and running loving hands over the hard cold
stone.  Now she turned and smiled her cruel smile at a shivering Jenny.  "Do you
understand?"  Jenny nodded.  The green eyes hardened.  "Yes mistress."  Jenny
hastily corrected herself.  "Good. Come here my dear."  Lucinda had stopped next
to a statue of a bear.  It stood on two legs one paw raised to its mouth as it
licked its claws the other held out waist high palm up as if asking for
something.  "What do you think it wants?"  Lucinda asked.  Her eyes glinted
turning the seemingly innocent question into something more.  "Honey?"  Jenny
guessed in a quiet little girls voice.  "Then give it some."  It had the tone of
an order.  Jenny looked around then understanding dawned.  Hesitantly she
reached for her private entrance.  Just before her fingers touched the intimate
flesh Lucinda's hand shot out and grabbed her wrist.  "I think it wants the
pot." 

	Jenny stared wide eyed at Lucinda and then at the hard stone claws
waiting for her.  A shiver coursed through her nubile body.  The wind stopped
being so cold as heat rose to the surface of her skin.  This was gross and
perverted.  She was being told to rub her bare pussy against a rock, in full
view of anyone who cared to watch.  The thought made her scared and thrilled at
the same time.  This was why she had come here.  Gracefully she rose to stand on
her toes, legs spread to allow the claws access to her delicate female anatomy. 
Walking forward she gingerly placed herself above the claws.  Hot flesh tingled
with anticipation and she lowered herself.  The claws felt strange and exciting
and utterly foreign.  One claw rested against her deep crack.  Slowly she moved
her hips back to smear her juices on the stone.  She smiled at Lucinda and
rubbed against the stone some more.  Thrilling forbidden pleasure swelled in her
womanhood and raced through her body.  Her nipples swelled and hardened into
taught pink cones. 

	"Mistress, may I orgasm?"  Jenny stared hopefully into Lucinda's
merciless green eyes, begging to perform her most intimate and private act while
standing naked outside with only the carved stone of a bear's claw to stimulate
her.  "Yes dear, but turn around so you fill his hand."   Eagerly Jenny turned
around and began to rub herself against the stone.  The claws caught at her
inner folds and drew the delicate pink flesh into the sun.  Her breath came
faster and faster and she began to moan all the while watching for Lucinda's
approval.  She slid so one claw rested as deep inside her as her virginity would
permit then shifting sideways she let it pull her open until her other lip slid
over the adjacent claw.  Now she lowered herself again so the two stone claws
held her tight female entrance open and revealed the soft fragile tissues of her
coral pink insides.  Thrusting forward and backward she made the claws reveal
new areas of her virgin treasure.  Finally thrusting her hips far back she
forced the upper part of her pussy to stretch wider and wider until the engorged
flesh of her clit slid out from behind its concealing hood.  Standing at that
crucial point she slowly rocked back and forth so her ultra sensitive nub was by
turns revealed and hidden.  As she twisted her young body so it pleasured itself
Jenny noticed the hard points of Lucinda's nipples pushing out against her
shirt.  Catching her mistress's eyes Jenny raised her hands to her own hard
nipples and began to pinch and twist the delicate points.  Her own ardor rose
and she got rougher.  She pinched and scratched her lightly scarred breasts as
she ground her tender girlish mound against the abrasive stone bears claws. 

	Sensing the Lucinda was close to coming and on the verge herself Jenny
gripped her left breast and squeezed until the hard pink nipple was caught
between her thumb and forefinger then taking her right thumb nail she bit off
part to roughen the edge.  Laying the torn nail against the soft white flesh of
her left tit above the nipple she pressed in and slowly drew it down.  The sharp
pain shot like flame into the pool of her ecstasy and ignited it.  Once more she
sliced at her nipple and as the delicate flesh tore and released a drop of
crimson blood her orgasm ripped through her slender body and forced her hips
against the unforgiving stone.  The tender flesh of her cunt was crushed between
her pelvic bone and the claw laying two deep bruises along the insides of her
cunt lips under the long scratches made by her earlier desperate thrusting. 
Lucinda gasped and the rush of hot cum warmed her inner thighs just as Jenny's
fluids filled the bear's palm.

	Smiling Lucinda reached out a hand to help the trembling and weak kneed
Jenny off the bears claws.  She winced as her pussy lips closed and the
scratches began to sting.  Lucinda reached up to stroke Jenny's abused left
breast, then leaning forward she lapped up the welling blood.  The silken feel
of a woman's tongue on her tortured nipple proved to be incredibly arousing and
once more the tender nub hardened and rose up.  Taking the bud into her mouth
Lucinda lovingly caressed it until Jenny felt it would melt in the wonderful wet
heat.  Gently positioning the hard nub between her teeth Lucinda bit down enough
to warn Jenny.  At the fifteen year olds eager moan of ascent she sank her sharp
teeth into the ripe flesh until the warm rush of blood told her she had pierced
the skin.  Backing off with one final lick she slapped her hand against the warm
welcoming flesh between the girl's legs.  "That should keep your mind off the
pain here for awhile."  Lucinda smiled lightly but found that she had not
withdrawn her hand from the wet silkiness.  The heat of a tight luscious cunt
pressed incessantly against her palm.  The wetness was sliding down her slender
fingers and beginning to drip on the ground.  Before she could withdrawal her
hand Jenny pushed the already abuse flesh harder against her. 

	Both girls stared at each other for a moment.  The lingering hand and
pelvic thrust had been unintentional.  Now they both wondered how much they were
willing to give to satisfy their desires.  Lucinda would lose some control if
Jenny discovered how much she craved the virgin fifteen year olds delicious
body.  Jenny knew her desires were bought with pain and she was afraid to lose
total control and become the complete pain slut her body craved.  Lucinda was
suddenly angry at this girl for testing her control for the first time since she
was seventeen and begging for a spiked dildo up her pussy even though it had
just been used in her ass and was covered with her shit and blood.  Grabbing
Jenny's hips she slammed her knee into the girls cunt as hard as she could. 
Jenny bent over to shocked and out of breath to scream.  Moving behind Jenny she
began beating the little girl's juvenile cunt trying to erase the image and
sensation of that horrible dildo.  It was shaped and colored like man's cock
though few of those were eleven inches long and two inches wide.  The thick
bulging veins were almost as bad as a ribbed dildo on a girls delicate insides
but they were nothing to the shiny little spikes that stuck out randomly.  They
were only a sixteenth of an inch long which seemed small until they got inside
her.  They would enter unpredictably sometimes only one, sometimes two or three
at a time.  At the base an inch above the plastic balls was a full ring of them. 
Smack!  Another angry blow struck Jenny's cunt and she fell to her knees in
agony.

	"Do you like this you fucking bitch?"  Lucinda screamed at the trembling
girl.  Jenny looked back over her shoulder blue eyes wide open.  "Yes mistress,
please hit my pussy again."  To Lucinda's amazement she was.  The outer lips of
Jenny's cunt were swollen and gaped open to allow the inner lips to unfurl and
reach out to lovingly wrap around absolutely anything.  Copious amounts of
lubricating juices were flowing out of her and streaming down her legs just like
Lucinda's had that horrible day long ago.  The smell of her womanhood filled the
air with its warm musk.  "Please Mistress Lucinda I want you, I want you inside
me, please fill me up, I don't care if it hurts me, I want you to hurt me.  Hurt
me please, as deep as you can."  Lucinda hit the swollen flesh again.  Kneeling
down in the dirt behind the naked girl Lucinda balled her fist and slammed it as
hard as she could into Jenny's dripping opening.  For a second she thought it
would go in but Jenny was still too young and her hips had not grown large
enough to admit Lucinda's admittedly small fist.  Instead Jenny was forced face
first into the dirt, her large breasts also hit and she moaned as the rough
gravel dug into the soft flesh. 

	Not waiting for the girl to climb back to her hands and knees Lucinda
squeezed her fingers together into a point and shoved them into Jenny's
vulnerable insides determined to make her feel the same pain.  After a brief
hopeless resistance Jenny's insides opened with an abrupt tear followed by a
lubricating rush of blood and cum.  Smiling as the girl's slick insides gripped
her arm Lucinda balled her fist and rammed it deeper into the hot depths.  Once
her hand was as deep as it could go she pulled back until her fist was caught by
the small pelvic opening that had prevented its entrance seconds ago.  Jenny's
hips were pulled back brutally and her sensitive breasts dragged back across the
gravel.  Smiling into the young girl's terrified eyes Lucinda continued her
harsh manipulation of the tender young body.  After the third cycle her hand
slipped out.  Jenny sighed in relief/regret until her cruel mistress picked up a
lemon sized rock.  Forcing the rough object into Jenny's newly violated opening
she then reinserted her hand and gripped the rock ensuring that her fist would
not slip out a second time.  The cruel fisting continued and Jenny's moans of
pleasure/pain began to merge with Lucinda's memories or her own torture.




Part 2

	The young girl stood naked and shivering in the cold rain.  Her long
blond hair hung to her waist, the tips caressing the deep cleft and sharp curves
of her buttocks.  Her blue eyes were half shut from shock and the aftermath of
the most powerful series of climaxes she had experienced in her sixteen years. 
The freezing rain hammered her slender body causing it to shiver and her small
nipples to stand hard and erect.  Aureoles barely the size of a nickel, each
delicate pink disk had tightened to a sharp cone crested with a small hard nub. 
Unconsciously the girl rubbed the painfully pulsing flesh.  Her hands were as
small and delicate as her lithe body suggested.  She covered each nub with her
palms and began to rub them to generate warmth.  The hidden watchers drew sharp
inbreathes as her motions accentuated the size of her breasts.  So full and
perfect were those two half globes that they did not sag and bring notice to
their size.  But now each was clearly broader at the base than her full hand and
the cleavage formed by her rubbing motion indicated they were equally deep.

	Still rubbing her sore breasts Jenny walked closer to the forbidding
wooden door.  Her steps were slow and painful.  Each movement caused the rough
egg sized rock to dig painfully into the sensitive tissues of her vagina. 
Lucinda Pierce had left it pressed hard against her cervix after using it to
take her virginity.  On the slow walk to the keep it had slowly shifted and
moved down until it pressed against the inside of her pelvic bone.  Its movement
had been aided by large amounts of blood, mud, cum and the lubricating fluid her
passionate young body loved to pour out given the slightest reason.  Ordinarily
the rock would have passed, albeit painfully, through that narrow channel and
fallen out of her but Lucinda's mud covered fist had brutally battered its
length.  With some guilty pleasure Jenny recalled how Lucinda's fist enlarged by
gripping the rock had smashed into her pelvic bone where the narrowness of her
own body prevented it from leaving.  How each attempted withdrawal had rocked
her back on her hands and knees until the fist moved up again.  Up into her
virgin body to batter against the opening of her womb and knock her forward. 
Her breasts had bounced, her back had arched and she had screamed from the pain. 
And cum from the pain and begged for more.  Now the circle of her flesh that had
taken the brunt of the battering had swollen until her inner passage was shut
trapping the rock inside her.  The rest of the battered tissues had also swelled
causing her female muscles to tighten around the rock making it seem like it was
getting bigger by the minute. 

	Each step was agony and memory.  Combined with the gentle rubbing of her
ultra sensitive nipples, the cold rain on her breasts and anticipation the pain
was making her aroused again.  She still had to endure a two hour punishment
session to gain entrance into the keep where presumably she would gain warmth
and food and medical attention.  A minor shudder ran through her body as she
achieved a micro-orgasm and a small bit of clear fluid appeared between her
private lips.  The rain soon mingled it with the smear of blood, mud and cum
that already covered the junction of her long legs.  Sighing happily she walked
toward the keep.  Ms. Pierce's School of Female Gymnastics was everything she
had hoped for.

	At the door she was ordered to clean up by a young girls voice.  Cupping
her hands she trapped a runnel of water that coursed down the pale flesh of her
body and gave herself a quick bath.  Particular attention was paid to her cunt. 
As the concealing muck was washed away the full outer lips of her clean shaven
crotch were revealed.  Each was full, pert and together they completely
concealed the coral pink of her inner lips.  Presenting herself again she was
ordered to clean better.  This time she used two fingers to spread the fleshy
lips and reveal the delicate fluted inner lips.  The ice cold rain was cupped
and gently applied to her hot insides making her shiver.  Following more orders
she then pried up the fragile hood covering her clit and washed that as well. 
Then she slipped a hand behind her and up between her legs to spread herself
differently incase some bit of dirt had become lodged in the folds of her small
girlish sex.  After this through washing her insides were as cold as her outside
and she shivered uncontrollably. 

	Moving to a small slot in the door she turned around and bent over.  Her
legs were spaced shoulder width apart and she reached back and opened her pussy. 
She felt heat as a powerful light illuminated her privates and with a degree of
embarrassment she manipulated the feminine folds until the inspector was
satisfied.  Then she was ordered to spread her butt cheeks.  By now
embarrassment had faded under the pressure of arousal and she willing revealed
her most hidden entrance to the unknown watcher. Flush with the excitement of
venturing into the forbidden she did as she was told.  Seconds later she jerked
in surprise as a cool tube touched her newly revealed orifice.  Hot juices
started flowing down her legs as her cunt began to pulse.  The rock buried in
her seemed to swell and beat in time to her heart.  Her whole body shuddered in
brief orgasm as she held herself still, obeying her early training not to move
unless ordered to.

	Eagerly she obeyed the next order and grasping the flexible tubing she
began to insert it.  At first she had difficulties as her tight entrance denied
the unlubricated tubing.  For minutes her struggles amused her watchers until
another brief orgasm cleared her mind enough and she began coating the tube with
her own ample supply of lubrication.  A third micro-orgasm coursed through her
slender body as her entrance was breached and the tube slid into forbidden
territory.  For minutes she moaned and writhed as she fed the tube up her bowels
pausing only to lubricate each new length.  After four feet of hose rested deep
inside her she reached a small sphere in the hose about the size of a golf ball. 
Wiggling her ass she began to work it in. 

	Once the ball was inside her she was ordered to stop and walk forward
until she stood under a solid stream of water pouring from the mouth of a
gargoyle four stories up.  She was then told to lay back on the ground under the
stream until it hit her stomach right below her belly button.  The small ball
swelled and she felt the urge to expel it.  Briefly she warred with the instinct
until it won and she discovered to her chagrin that the ball was too big to be
passed.  Squirming in discomfort she attempted to relax as the ball swelled
further.  A few tugs on the tubing confirmed her discovery for her watchers and
hot fluid began to gush down the tube.  The tube expanded and small holes opened
to sluice down her insides.  After filling her almost to her pain threshold the
ball deflated and the dirty water rushed out of her and was washed down the
drain.  Several more cycles passed until she was the cleanest she had ever been.

	After the thorough cleaning she was order to stand by the gate with her
arms behind her crossed at the wrist.  Assuming the familiar bondage position
she was unsurprised to feel her wrists being wrapped in nylon rope.   Each ankle
was also bound individually.  The rope holding her wrists began to lift and she
slowly bent over.  Soon most of her weight was held by her wrists and her
shoulders began to burn with the strain.  Next her legs were drawn up and she
bit back a whimper as her shoulders took all her weight.  Her legs were pulled
up until she was bent backwards in a J-shaped curve.  Her legs were above her
head and pulled shoulder width apart.  The rope securing her wrists was then
pulled backward between her legs to force her breasts out until they were the
lowest part of her body if she held her head up.  Breathing shallowly to avoid
straining her stretched stomach muscles she watched as the blood began pooling
in her dangling breasts causing them to swell.  The darker flesh of her nipples
turned a deep purple and each began to swell painfully. 

	The exposed position combined with the growing pain in her breasts
caused her abused young body to begin pulsing with perverted desire once again. 
Several minutes passes as her breasts continued to swell and the sensitive skin
became tight and ultra-sensitive.  Her womanhood also swelled and flowered and
at the command of a hidden watcher her leg ropes were pulled apart.  The
ripening bud between her slender legs was opened further and a careful watcher
could see between the inner petals to the wet pink innards of her girlish
privates.  Jenny began to perspire and her sweat mingled with the light rain to
run in rivulets down her taunt limbs to drip from the hardened crests of her
hanging breasts.  The ropes were tightened more until her feet were pulled up
past her hips toward her head and her back was bent into an inflexible C.  The
watchers stared avidly at her feminine opening as her inner muscles flexed and
clenched and tried to pull a non-existent something into her.  Clear streamers
of lubricant were forced out by the writhing muscles and parted her inner lips
before spilling down her stomach.

	While the watchers feasted on the sight of the young girls gaping pussy
a hooded figure move to place a wide board directly under Jenny's dangling tits. 
The polished wood was bare except for two long needles.  Each needle was six
inches long.  Staring at the needles Jenny began to shudder.  Her shudders
turned into desperate but highly constrained twisting as the ropes began to
lower her toward the sharp tipped torture implements.  Her efforts did nothing
except make her breasts swing and remind her that a rough stone was buried deep
in her feminine innards.  Her squirming and upside down position shifted the
rock until it pressed firmly against her cervix.  Resigning to the inevitable
she watch in terrified fascination as the long needles approached her sensitive
and helpless flesh.  As the needles came closer she tried to breath shallower to
keep her swollen nipples from the glistening metal.  Finally unable to hold her
breath any longer she gently inhaled.  The sharp prick of the needle caused her
to shudder but to her surprise it did not penetrate her flesh.  A few more
experimental breaths later she discovered that she could take the painful jabs
as she inhaled.  Unlike the needles that her former master had used to pierce
her soft flesh these were thicker and would not enter her as easily.  Her relief
turned to horror as she felt herself lowered infinitesimally closer to the
board.  Each increment brought more pain as more of the weight of her swollen
breasts rested on the needle tip as she breathed.  Arousal flowed through her
adolescent body as she realized the inevitability of her penetration.  Watchers
were rewarded by brief glimpse deep into her pink tunnel as a brief orgasm
overcame her.  Her feminine muscles clenched and expelled a small glob of cum
then gapped open briefly before the petals of her sex closed.  An increase in
the tension of the ropes failed to part her now tightly close lipped entrance
and the tension was relaxed to prevent permanently injuring her.

	Almost twenty minutes after the needles first touched her ballooning
tits Jenny whimpered as half the weight of her large tits came to rest on the
thick needle.  Her nipples had hardened to form two pebble sized crests of
female flesh.  Now the needles pushed her nipples up into the softer mounds of
her tits with each breath and she knew she was about to be violated by the thick
metal.  The sixteen year olds body was lowered another fraction.  As she
carefully inhaled air into her lungs the needle pressed against her left boob
breached the hardened flesh.  Jenny bit her lip as the thick shaft slid into
her.  Its violation of her sensitive flesh was slow.  The tight flesh of her
nipple gripped the intruder as the weight of her large breast forced it down. 
Whimpering she allowed her head to fall forward and stare at the shiny invader. 
The slender tip of the needle entered her tender flesh for only a centimeter
before it stopped.  Her nipple was still pressed tightly into the meat of her
breast and as Jenny stared in horror at the torturous implement she discovered
why.  The needles were not uniformly thick.  They tapered gradually over their
six inch length.  Although the tips were narrow they were not as slender as the
needles that had first pierced her budding breasts when she was fourteen.  The
wider base was half as thick as her nipple.  As she was lowered she would have
to contend not only with their deeper penetration into her delicate female flesh
but also the pain as the hole they made was widened.

	Realization of her plight made her gasp in inevitably mingled
horror/excitement.  As she lost control of her careful breathing her right
nipple was cruelly entered by the tip if its torturing needle.  Shudders of pain
mixed with ripples of pleasure and set her pendulous breasts to swaying.  The
needle tips twisted inside her adding to the conflicting signals.  Jenny's lithe
slender body writhed as best it could in its tight bondage.  Each movement added
to the pain/pleasure maelstrom stirring her heightening the elemental clash
until she screamed and orgasmed.  It was her first major orgasm since Lucinda
had fisted her almost two hours earlier.  Her stomach muscles clenched and tore
from being stretched beyond endurance by the restraining ropes.  Her long legs
strained to pull themselves together and clasp what should have been her lover
tightly to her young body.  Instead her thigh muscles rippled and strained in
vain against the ropes holding her open and exposed.  The prepubescently smooth
double curve of her female lips pressed themselves tightly shut and seemed to
suck inward guiding a nonexistent companion to the deeper treasures of her
womanhood.  Inside the hot channel of her sex the walls undulated with
primordial urgency pulling forward with the same futile desire they had her
first orgasm two years ago. 

	This time was different.  A rough rock was buried deep in her.  With
each muscle tearing spasm of her great orgasm the strong undulations commanded
that anything inside her move deeper.  And the rock tried.  It smashed with
bruising force against the opening of her cervix.  Again and again it obeyed her
body's desperate command and tried to violate that last tight entrance.  It felt
to Jenny as if she were being pummeled at the core of her being as indeed she
was.  The brutal battering worked it crude magic on her confused young body and
the intensity of her orgasm escalated until she fainted like the day her first
master had crushed her innocent fourteen years old breasts.

	Jenny woke to the warm tingly after glow of an immense orgasm.  A
feeling of delighted contentment flowed through her.  The sun had finally parted
the storm clouds and she lifted her head toward the light and smiled.  The fine
strands of her white blond hair framed the delicate pixyish features of her
face.  When she opened her large blue eyes they were full of joy and delight in
life.  Anyone seeing that bright smile would think it the wondering smile of an
innocent young angel.  An angel who's sweet breasts had swelled to half again
their normal size, turned dark purple from the pooling of blood forced by her
inverted bondage position and been pierced by two large shiny needles.  The
ropes holding her in that position had been slacked during her faint to reduce
the damage done to her.  Her nipples had also loosened their grip on the
invading needles and they began to slide deeper into her tender flesh.  The
renewed onslaught of the cold unyielding metal woke the young girl fully. 
Before she could move the ropes were tightened again.  Her nipples tightened
again just in time for her unseen captors to lower her incrementally closer to
the ground and she began the second hour of her punishment.

	The first half of the second hour held nothing more than Jenny's gentle
moans as a full inch of the slowly widening needle was slowly forced into her
sensitive breasts by their own weight.  Her resilient body had been pushed to
its limit by two major orgasms and innumerable smaller ones.  The incremental
violation by the needles kept her in a constant state of mild arousal.  Just
enough to keep her nipples erect and squeezing the needle.  The rest of her body
was beaten by her struggles with the ropes.  Her hands and feet had gone numb
and the rock formed a hard alien lump against the entrance to her womb.

	With only half an hour to go the ropes suddenly stopped lowering her. 
So slowly that at first she didn't notice they began lifting her body away from
the ground.  An unseen touch on the ropes caused her body to began swaying.  It
pivoted on a slow circle around the sharp needles buried in the twin mounds of
her soft dangling breasts.  The added stimulation provoked her nipples into
tightening further.  With only fifteen minutes to go her breasts were being
tugged by the weight of the board hanging by the needles.  Before the needles
could slip out they were stopped by a slim hand.  The smell of Lucinda's perfume
swirled around Jenny with a sudden gust of wind.  "Hello, Jenny."  Lucinda's
voice managed to be cool but affectionate at the same time.  It roused Jenny
from the trance like state she always fell into while being tortured.  "Hello,
mistress."  She replied in a hoarse whisper.  Lucinda held a small glass of
water with a straw to her lips and suddenly aware of a great thirst Jenny
eagerly drank it.  "Better?"  "Yes, mistress."  Jenny's voice was stronger but
still quiet.  "Call me Lucinda.  More personal don't you think?"  Before Jenny
could reply and as awareness of her naked body and the prominent exposure of her
private areas flooded her mind Lucinda continued.  "You have a task for the next
fifteen minutes.  You cannot let this board fall."  For a moment her voice was
as sharp and unforgiving as the needles and rock buried in Jenny.  "I've decided
to help you."  Lucinda's voice took on the high sweet tones of a kindergarten
teacher.  "First you must concentrate on not letting the needles slip.  Think of
anything that will make your nipples really, really hard."  As Lucinda's
suddenly seductive voice reached out to caress her Jenny looked desperately for
something.  Her gaze fell on the bracelets circling Lucinda's slender wrist.  As
sudden flood of tactile memory coursed through Jenny as she remembered the
bracelets jangling against the stretched lips of her cunt as that wrist slid in
and out of her.  Her mistress gave a soft knowing laugh as she released the
board to hang from Jenny's suddenly rock hard nibbles.

	Waves of heat poured from the girl's suspended body as Lucinda walked
around it to stand facing the juncture of her spread legs.  Ms. Pierce leaned
close to inhale the delicate musky bouquet of girlish cum and the lighter scent
that was uniquely Jenny.  She caressed the inside of one straining thigh with a
sharp nail.  Her other hand began tracing designs in the trails of slippery
fluid that spilled from between the plump feminine lips to spill down the girl's
flat athletic stomach.  Gradually as if by coincidence her two fingers moved
until each rested on the tightly curved lips.  Exerting gentle pressure they
parted the two halves and she breathed in to sample the fresh scents rising from
the frail crushed petals of the girl's inner lips.  A moment later Lucinda's
tongue slid out in a sharp point to slip deftly into the inner cleft for a more
direct sampling of flavors.  Her tongue slipped eagerly into each hidden crevice
to taste each slightly different pool of trapped juice.  The intimate tasting
went on for several minutes until Jenny's soft despairing moan let her know the
needles were starting to slip.  Her finger slipped with easy familiarity through
the folds of sensitive delicate flesh to rest on a small hard nub.  Pressing and
stroking gently she looked to see Jenny's responsive nipples tighten once more.

	The caress continued for only a second more until Lucinda drew back her
hand to give the exposed pussy a stinging slap that pushed Jenny's body forward. 
The unfamiliar pain jolted Jenny the same instant the board swayed and dug the
needles into her tits.  A tiny micro-orgasm shuddered through her and the
smallest amount of new fluid glistened between the lips of her pussy .  Lucinda
continued her caress until Jenny's body slowed its movement and she delivered
another hard slap.  The soft lips were already tender from their earlier harsh
violation and each slap was enough to cause a micro-orgasm to ripple through
Jenny's tired body.  After four more tiny climaxes Jenny could no longer produce
more fluid and her nipples began to soften.  Seeing this Lucinda slipped her
thumb into the folds of pussy flesh and gripped the base of Jenny's clit.  A
hard twist cause a corresponding hardening of much abused nipples.  Jenny
screamed out her thanks then begged for it to stop but Lucinda could no longer
hear her.  Once more this young girl's soft responsive flesh reminded her of an
even younger girl's torture.

	She was twelve again.  The cold air in the ally behind the bar tingled
over her naked skin.  The moon was full and in it lights she could see the
scarred men who bent her young body over an empty beer keg.  She was force to
straddle it then bend forward until her cheek touched the hard wood and her
hands could grip the rim.  Rough hands gripped her narrow waist and scooted her
backwards until her privates hung in the air over the other rim.  The wood dug
furrows into the soft flesh of her belly and the swollen nipples that would
someday grow into too large breasts.  Wedges were placed under the barrel to
keep it from moving side to side.  Money changed hands and someone began
loosening the screws that helped clamp her virgin pussy shut.  As the clamp came
off blood flowed back into the tissue and she cried softly fearful of a beating. 
A cultured voice she would soon associate with her master and owner spoke. 
"Please spread your lips, doll."  Trembling she reached back and grasped the
bruised flesh.  Pulling it apart she waited.  Soon a rough wooden stick wrapped
in the remains of she school dress entered her up to her cervix in one powerful
motion.  The voice explained.  "The cloth will absorb the blood and keep her dry
so its more painful when you take her."  After a minute the stick and cloth were
removed.  The stick was tossed to join the litter in the alley and the cloth was
bundled up to form a gag.  A massive hand gripped her entire private region then
with a possessive growl the stranger entered her.

	She was taken five times. Each one bottomed out in her too small channel
and damaged her cervix more.  After the fifth the voice returned and asked her
to hold herself open once more.  The gag was removed so she could acknowledge
her new master.  This time with her assistance his fingers revealed the erect
nub of her clit.  At the base he placed an open ring with a screw shut closure. 
Using a tiny jewelers screwdriver he began to close the opening.  She screamed
but this time the noise was muffled by a thick dick wet from her own juices. 
For an eternity she shuddered and cried and still held herself open.  Her nails
drew bloody half moons on the lips of her pussy and she didn't notice until
later when she was punished for hurting herself without permission. 

	Once the ring was screwed shut she was asked to stand.  Trembling she
obeyed her master and he attached a small leash to her new ring.  A sharp tug
sent her walking after him.  Only once did she look back to watch the five men
bend another young girl over Her barrel and to search vainly amongst the
detritus of the alley for the stick that had taken her virginity.

	A small beep from her watch wrenched Lucinda back to the present. 
Slowly she withdrew her bloody fingers from Jenny's pussy.  Her thumb had made a
small oozing crescent at the base of the girl's clit.  Sudden anger at herself
and the girl seized her.  With an abrupt gesture she ordered the girl brought
down and released.  Walking a short way she stared at the rain clouds still
drenching the mountains and into the past she had carefully forgotten.

	Lucinda walked to stand between Jenny and the Keep.  "Present yourself." 
She ordered the tired girl.  Swiftly Jenny stood erect.  She moved her shoulders
back and thrust her chest forward.  She raised her head and placed her feet
shoulder width apart.  Intuition mingled with daring pulled her hands up. 
Carefully she placed her still tingling hands under her swollen and bruised
breasts gripping and lifting them slightly.  The movement caused a fresh stream
of bright crimson blood to flow from her violated nipples.  It flowed down the
tortured flesh of her breasts and over her hands that had turned an identical
shade of dark blue purple from the rope bondage.  The shining drops then ran
down her arms where the flesh returned to its normal pale white to drip from her
elbows onto the muddy ground.

	Opening her mouth to correct the girl's posture Lucinda suddenly
stopped.  This pose held artistry.  The pairing of abused colors against the
contrast of her pure white skin joined by the thin crimson stream was beautiful. 
Slowly she smiled and was pleased to see the girl respond in turn.  Jenny's face
still held its childhood innocence but her smile was the unadulterated
satisfaction of a well pleasured woman.  Behind her the mountains still
shuddered under the lashing rain but the sun reached to touch and highlight the
strands of white gold in her hair.  The pose held the perfect juxtaposition of
pain with pleasure, ravaged flesh with untouched perfection, innocence with
carnal knowledge on a background of light and darkness.  Reaching into her purse
Lucinda removed a camera and gave Jenny her highest complement.  She took a
picture.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MonochromeGrey


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





