BDSM Library - Let's Go!




Let's Go!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Meanwhile he fits her for her abduction, he gives her some anticipations of her new life.
Let's go!



(M/f, Abd, NC, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com





She awakes starting, remembering the assault from the deliverer... was he truly
a deliverer?

He attacked her as soon as she unlocked the door, he said that she had to sign
for the pack...

She smelled a pungent odour, then a tampon covered her face, then black... till
now. Where is she?

She's naked! He undressed her during her unconsciousness, and she's upright,
hanging from a beam of her own apartment ceiling. He threaded a rope around one
of them, and he has hanged her limp body there. She carries a pair of padded
wrist cuffs, the beam cord passes between them, under the linking chain, keeping
her standing there.

There is something strange on her knees too. Despite she's able to support her
weight, if she attempts to lift a foot, she can't: another pair of padded cuffs
traps her ankles to stay almost close, meanwhile a kind of spreader keeps her
knees widened of 30 cm. She can't close her thighs, she's unpleasantly exposed,
and she can't even widen them more.

Her breath becomes instantly strenuous by the panic... He must be a mad man...
he may do her whatever he want! She has to call someone to help her, she has to
scream as loud as her lungs will permit her. Hence she quickly inhales deeply
and she would like to emit a loud general alarm... But she escapes only a poor
muffled sound... She's gagged!

That's why the strange strain in her jaw, a rubber ball is trapped inside her
mouth. And moving her head she may feel that it is kept in place by a leather
grid, a little harness that wraps and traps whole her brown hairs and head...
But... it is not a ball. What kind of fucking thing is invading her mouth?

It is possible to notice her mouth moving around the rubber thing, her tongue
attempting on examine it, then she realizes the truth... a penis, a short, thick
rubber penis!

The most humiliating thinkable thing! She has to continuously suck a penis
shaped rubber gag... Till he likes it!

She continues unbelieving to check the rubber shape, hoping to be wrong, but no,
it is, there is also the little pee hole on the tip ... He is mad, mad and
pervert!

What he would like to do her? And why? And why to her?

She struggles, in the vain effort to flee, but after many minutes of attempts,
the only results is that she's whole sweating.

Then he enters the room, too late to pretend to be still fainted, she stares at
him with her dark green eyes, frozen and scared, he doesn't wear any covering,
nothing to hide his face, he will kill her after done everything he likes? ...
Or perhaps she will die in the meanwhile? What does he have in mind for her?

Then she gives a glance to his hands. He's bringing one entanglement of leather
tongs in one hand, and a black switch in the other one.

He slowly moves behind her and he unrewarding begins landing mercilessly the
cane on her impudent arse, one, two, three...

The pain is surely unbearable, and moreover she's not used, or better she was
completely ignoring that could be possible to bear such a pain, but the only
thing she can do about is to swing and to shout around a rubber penis, while
taking every single hard shot.

Ignoring her desperate wriggles to avoid the burning cane, and her muffled
hysterical screams, he continues regardless to hit her lustful ass, at least 30
endless leash warm her up.

Then, just before she faints, he stops, and he stays.

He waits she calms down a little, and, as soon as she weeps more silently, he
addresses her his first words.

&lt;You have two options, Sylvia. You may instantly do whatever I order you to
do, or you may do it after my cane has repeated you the command... As you
prefer, no matter for me&gt;. She continues to whines defeated.

&lt;You have just taken almost 30 hits, and you are thinking to already be on
your endurance limit, but now I demonstrate you that you are wrong, and that
your limit is far ahead&gt;, and he begins again to land the terrible
instruments on her defencelessly flesh.

She screams in agony, still muffled by the efficient gag, believing and perhaps
yet hoping, to faint, or to become crazy or even to die, but no, nothing
happens, she only feels the awful pain increasing.

He enjoys whipping her, it is evident. She's a whip virgin, and this fact
improves a lot his amusement, he's a sadistic, what does there is in store for
her inside his sick mind?

She would surely be ready to do whatever he would like now, only to stop her
torment, but nothing to do, he asks nothing, he silently continues punishing
her, and she must continues to undergo, no chances.

Another 30 lashes treatment passes until he stops again.

She collapses inhaling franticly from her nostrils.

He waits some minutes she recovers herself, then he puts the cane on the floor
beside her, and he raises the entanglement of leather tongs, slowly unfolding it
in front of her. He then calmly begins to wrap her still shivering in pain and
gasping body with it. It is a kind of harness, as those for horses... or better
for ponies!

He's entrapping her whole body inside a kind of leather mesh.

&lt;As you may notice, I'm easily able to put you in much more pain than you
even think possible, and I may go further, you will witness it, but for the
moment I suggest you to comply with my instructions to avoid immediate
supplementary pain.&gt;

She soon wears a leather collar, and from the collar almost four-five tongs runs
down to keep in place other horizontal belts. The first belt circles her chest
just above her full tits, forcing them to spurt out more impudent below it. Then
another chest belt is just below them, as to prevent her tits flee down.

Her appreciable tits are encased in a sort of double leather narrow square
windows from which they have to surges lustfully.

Another horizontal belt traps tightly her waist, and a fourth is sexy kept over
her hips.

Many of the vertical tongs that connect the horizontal belts are longer that
needed, and these extremities hang free at various junctions.

One of them, the widest, almost four cm., originates from the front centre of
the hips belt, hangs free between her legs. He seizes it and he shows it to his
still disbelieving victim, &lt;As you may notice, the internal surface of this
special piece of leather is adorned with many unkind studs. Their points are not
sharp, to not bleed you, but they anyway will be surely tactless with the tender
flesh of your crotch. They will help you to stay calm during the travel...
despite they will be a little painful even if you would remain completely
immobile... You will love them, I'm sure&gt;.

The travel ? What travel? She is surely thinking, while he rubs her forcefully
exposed crotch with some grease. And casually he also slips his medium finger
between her pussy lips, causing Sylvia to start breathlessly, but she's unable
to prevent it, so she has to suffer it.

&lt;You are very sweet, my dear. You are a good choice, I'm glad to risk so much
like this to own you. You worth it!&gt;

To own her? She is thinking as she feels another greased finger invading her
second helplessly lower hole.

At first she has tensed her muscles to fight the invaders, but one single his
glance to the cane, has convinced her that it would be better to comply with
that mad man.

He entertains himself abusing and lubricating her two lower holes for long, he
likes that play, and times in times he gives her sensitive parts some good
pinches, eliciting harmonized suffocates yells.

&lt;You are thinking right, Sylvia, it is this that I want from you, to abuse
and rape you, but you are wrong hoping that I will take you right now. No, no my
baby, it would be too easy for a beautiful bitch like you. No, you need to come
with me, I will bring you in the most suitable place for you, and once there, I
will take you as many times as you deserve!&gt;.

She has a start of fear, but he ignores it at all.

&lt;Your asshole is too tight, I'm able to thread into it a single finger, are
you virgin there? I can't believe it! You have lost many kind of sensations, we
will remedy soon, don't doubt, and in the meanwhile you may have a little taste
of that pleasure, grace to this my little friends&gt;, and he shows her a black
rubber anal plug.

Ignoring her desperate nods and squirms, he point it to the aim, and he slowly
inserts the greased abuser up from her rear hole, twirling it continuously, to
better advance and to better letting her savouring it.

He needs many minutes to get it in place, but once jammed it whole inside her,
he restarts to unrewarding explore her soft pussy entrance for some more
minutes. She almost doesn't pay attention to, she's too much concentrate on the
awful stretching sensation on her aching anal ring, but she should had to:
&lt;Don't worry, it won't tear you. Soon your asshole will loosen a little
around the plug, and the pain will modestly ease. At least, it is the smallest
measure, you will enjoy more and for longer time when I will train your little
entrance with the bigger sizes... Don't be in a hurry... Soon, don't doubt.&gt;

&lt;For the moment, in order to avoid that your pussy is envious, I think better
to fill it too, isn't ?&gt;

And another soft rubber cock slowly enters in the poor Sylvia's vaginal canal.
It is not so thick, he doesn't wants to broaden her frontal tightness, but it is
a rather long tools, her love canal is whole deeply invaded.

She's wailing and howling for the pain, for the humiliating sensation and for
the fear, but nothing to do, he wickedly buckles the studded strap behind her,
rather taut, painfully wrapping her delicate crotch and trapping the rubber
invaders inside her precious holes. A couple of dozens of short rounded point
nails are painfully digging in Sylvia's delicate crotch flesh.

&lt;Less you will move, better you will be, your affair, Sylvia&gt;

Now the mad releases the spreader between Sylvia's knees and restarts to encase
Sylvia's body inside the leather harness.

The harness continues with another belt that wraps both her upper thighs and
another again the lower thighs, just above her knees, that the mad tightens taut
to clasp her enthusiastically shaped thighs clenched.

Finally the last couple of belts entraps her calves, just below her knees and
around her ankles, where he leaves in place the ankles cuffs too.

The result is that Sylvia is now trapped inside the leather harness, with her
legs maintained stuck each other.

Her red full striped luscious arse, so entrapped, shows its perfect roundness.

&lt;Now I need to release your arms, Sylvia. Stay still, or I hang you back and
I use the cane on your tits for the next half hour. Right?&gt; She agreeds
frantically. However they both know that she would be unable to attempts nothing
serious, the pain in her crotch would surely paralyse her.

He releases her hands from the beam, and he unchains them from each other, but
he leaves in place the two leather cuffs, surely for future amusing purposes.
Before she regains their functionality, he slips on Sylvia's arms, two strange,
long leather gloves.

There is no fingers rooms at their ends, instead each glove ends with a strap,
like a straitjackets.

He wraps her shoulders with leather tongs that securely prevent the two gloves
to slip out from her, and for good measure, he tighten the little straps all
around each glove, causing them to securely ensnare each Sylvia's arm at various
heights. Finally he leads her arms to cross behind her back, and he brings the
two glove end straps in front of Sylvia, over her belly, just above her
bellybutton, where he buckles them together and he tightens them very taut.
Sylvia's arms are completely trapped behind her back, so pulled that her hand
shapes spurt through the leather gloves at her own opposite waist sides.

With her arms downwards and behind her, her tits have regained their right
size... a good size, and they are pleasantly pushed more out... pleasantly for
him only. They are almost D cup, or even DD, a good size, further highlighted
from the chest harness. And he has noticed them, obviously.

&lt;What's a couple of tits you have, Sylvia. Torturing them will give me an
infinite pleasure&gt; he says grabbing them with both hands. She would buckle
her legs at the feeling of his last phrase, but he has kept her upright by
giving a sharp tug on her shameless nipples. &lt;Clamping them will be a
continuous delight, you will enjoy the continuous pain that I've in store for
them. You will never forget how much lustful your boobs are&gt;.

After a long painful mauling on those inviting tits, during which Sylvia's knees
have yielded many times, he reaches behind her and he releases a little the
hurting studded crotch strap &lt;Ok, lay down, your belly on the floor, we have
to crouch you for the transport&gt;.

She doesn't understand what he means, she only knows she has to kneel, and she
does, supported by the crazy intruder, thanking that the evil crotch strap has
been loosened.

As she has her belly on the floor, he guides her calves to bent, and he fix them
in position joining two pending straps from the calves belt sides to the
relative upper thighs belt side buckles. Her calves are hence glued with her
thighs, she can't distend her legs no more, they belongs to her capturer now!

&lt;You commence savouring your new condition, isn't? A women feels immediately
the sense of capture, when she's trapped. It inebriates you, I know. Despite
your humiliation, despite the pain, despite your freedom that slips far and far
from you, despite the fear, you begin to feel something strange, I know. I've
observed you for long. I've studied you for long, I know that you need to be
abused mercilessly... And you are about to have what you deserve... A great
amount of it&gt;. She shivers more, she's terrorised from his words, what does
he may want from her?... what's fuck of travel does he is talking about?

&lt;We are almost ready, Sylvia&gt; He said rolling her body on her flank.
&lt;knees up now!&gt; She automatically gathers her bents knees to her chest,
and the mad rolls her again, till she's supported over them. Then he pushes her
chest down, leading her knelt in fetal position, her pair of lustful globes
touching her own knees, her forehead on the floor.

She is waiting that he would buckles the two straps hanging free from her
armpits, to her upper calve belt sides. But she surely wouldn't waiting that he
had intention to tighten them so strong! Her delicate naked tits are cruelly
squeezed toward her own knees and thighs, and the armpits straps prevents them
to flow laterally. They hurts, how much time does he has intention to keep her
balled like this? May she resist? And what else may she do?

&lt;Another couples of precaution and we may leave, Sylvia&gt; he rolls her anew
on her flank and he leans his hands on her, entertaining himself while he talks.
&lt;I'm bringing you in another home, in your new home! In which you will give
to me whole yourself, without psychological restrains... Although you will be
always physically restrained...&gt; he laughs at his scaring words, while his
right hand has started to continuously pinch and pull and push her right trapped
breast side, and his left one has started to gently caress her both naked feet
soles, causing her to uselessly squirm for the pain in her sensitive big balloon
and to franticly move her feet to avoid the tickle. &lt;You are about to be
brought in a place where you can be conveniently tortured and abused, many and
many times, for long time, for very long each time, Sylvia. You will may
screaming and screaming, freely and loud. There is no limits on which I will be
able to do you there ... You will love it, I know, as soon as you will accept to
have definitively lost your free will, you will begin at once to enjoy your new
life style. There, you will lose all your rights... Indeed you have already lost
them as I'm entered here. Anyway, in your next home you will have only duty,
nothing more, no worries, no uncertainty, no proud, only clear rules to
carefully follows without any fault. I'm your owner, you will learn to blindly
obey of my every single command. Your body by now belong to me, I may do it
whatever I like... And I like to make it suffer, and you will suffer, a lot...
And I'm sure that you will like it too. Perhaps you will need many weeks to get
accustomed to, but finally you will like your new life of slavery under my will
and tortures, we have plenty of time to get you accustomed to!&gt;.

She wines desperate behind the penis gag. For the pain and the distress, but
chiefly for the horror, the horror that such a crazy and hopelessly place could
really exist, and worse, that he could really bring, and keep, her there.

&lt;By the time you will start even to crave for my hands to irreverently fumble
all over inside and outside of your body. You will desire my hard pinches that
will continuously remember that you are only a pleasure instrument, my pleasure
instrument. I will bring your sexuality to the top, it will be your only purpose
of life, not for yourself, of course, but only for me&gt;.

He interrupts his painful play with her body and he produces a thin hose, linked
to a kind of bottle. He seizes the free end of the hose and he fixes it to
Sylvia's penis gag. &lt;It will be a long travel, Sylvia, it is better that you
drink something... Begin to suck, I want this bottle emptied in one minute...

It is a good exercise too, you have to become a great cock sucker... my personal
cock sucker... BEGIN, AND DON'T STOP!&gt;

She scared obeys, greedily sucking whole the bottle content through the
humiliating rubber member abusing her mouth.

As she has drunk whole the half litre of sportive beverage, he unplugs the hose
and he locks the gag hole.

Then he seizes the leather tong hanging from her upper calves belt, and he
thread it in a buckle over her head, on the head harness that keeps in place the
rubber penis that she have to continuously lovely suck. He uses the tong to
force her head to bow, almost to touch her knees. 

&lt;You better get used to bow your head, by now, Sylvia, cause soon it will be
your natural position. Bowed, obedient, chained or restrained day and night,
always ready to every kind of humiliation, torture and sexual activity... This
is the life that awaits you... soon, Sylvia, don't be in a hurry, very
soon.&gt;.

Then the crazy man returns to manage the still loosened terrible crotch strap,
and after having adjusted it in place, he gives it a good draw, buckling it very
uncomfortably tightened behind her back.

She yells at the returned studs action on her poor crotch, and at the pussy and
anal invaders anew pushed deeper inside her belly, but there is nothing she can
do about, nothing, except to undergo.

&lt;Your new home awaits you, Sylvia. There are many devices that crave to
operate on your body and your soul. Torture devices of all type, of course, with
which you will scream loud in terrible time protracted agony, but still other
kinds of devices, that you are even not able to imagine. There are chastity
devices to prevents you to orgasm for weeks, and even for months. At the present
you would disallow, Sylvia, but, trust me, you will desperately beg to be
allowed to come, while forced to give pleasure countless times to me and to
everyone I will order you, without get nothing for you own. I hope for you that
you have climaxed last days, because by now your orgasms are my question,
Sylvia. You will never be allowed to stimulate yourself anymore at all, the
sweet pussy that you have so jealously guarded between your thighs isn't yours
no more... It is mine, only mine. I will touch it, use it, torture it, fill it
with whatever I decide, gratify it or rent it, as my will, and the only thing
you will may do about is to obey and undergo... I know, I know, at this moment
this idea horrifies you, that's why I bring you to my residence. There I may
train you very well, without hurry, making you accepting to belong to me,
completely, and to accept that you have not to simply perform whatever I order
you, but that you must loving it too!&gt;.

It is crazy, it is definitively crazy, but who could stop him?

&lt;Tell me, Sylvia, or better, think the answer, since once at home I will
allow you to tell it to me. When have you touched your pussy last time? Perhaps
only to wipe it after having pee, or for wash it? This morning? Have you thought
of it in the meanwhile? Have you thought to its softness? To its sensitiveness?
No? What a pity, Sylvia! You should have owed, because the next time you will
touch again your pussy it will be at least in two, three months!&gt; She whines,
she whines fraught, she has started believing him, he's crazy, he's truly
determined to perform his ravings.

&lt;I will think of all your needs. I will provide to keep you washed, if I
think that you merit it. I will provide to feed or hydrate you, if you behave...
And so on, and your pussy too will be my duty. While you will continuously wear
special cuffs or chains or chastity belts that will prevent you from reach your
delicate love crevice, I will wash it for you, I will stimulate it, I will
lubricate it, I will whip it, and you will may only to take whatever I have in
store for it... Screaming in agony at least! ... Or moaning in ecstasy in case.
And the next, far, time I will allow you to touch it again, it will be one of
the most extraordinary sensation of your life. You will then appreciate the
sweet softness and the highly improved sensitiveness of the not more your pussy.
You will delighted track the piercing rings that I will put on it, and you will
crave to allure your clit till to orgasm, and you will beg me to permit it you,
but I will deny you this bliss, because by now and forever, your pleasure it is
only my discretion, only your owner has the claim to give you pleasure or pain.
And I may anticipate you that I will dispense you a lot more of pain than
pleasure. You are only a slave, you have no more rights at all, you may only
suffer and hope&gt;.

She weeps desperate in anguish, but he has not finished yet to prepare her.

He gets two little strings. He threads each one of them between her two first
foot fingers, between her big toe and the foot middle finger. Then, after having
looped them around the two big toes a couple of times, he separately tie them to
the same buckle on which the studded crotch strap is fixed, obliging her feet to
distend.

&lt;Your feet too are well restrained now&gt; he said, while he wickedly tickles
her now unable to escape naked soles.

&lt;I've not decided yet how much piercings to put on your lustful body... You
can't even guess how much a slave becomes more controllable and obedient with
piercings on her tits and pussy&gt; She wines &lt;But there is many other places
on which to pierce a slave, simply for beauty or to gain more control... I think
I will put on you the most amount possible of piercings, I want you totally,
absolutely subjugate an humiliate, and, believe me, you will comply, totally,
absolutely...&gt;. He finally ceases to evilly tickle her trapped feet, but it
is surely not a good sign.

&lt;Now we check your restrains&gt;. He stands up and he begins to hit the poor
captive arse with the cane. Few hard strokes, if 6-8 cane caresses can be called
few. Surely the induced pain isn't little at all, and Sylvia knows it, although
she's hardly able to swing few millimetres on the floor.

&lt;Yes, you are ready!&gt; She continues moaning by the still stinging pain.

He kneels beside her, and supporting one hand on her back and one on the floor,
he leans down his face till to whisper in her ear.

&lt;No, Sylvia, be peaceful. You will have more of it, a lot more, but this is
not the right place. In my dungeon I may restrain you very steady, and very
exposed, and you can have more, as you need, and we both know that you need
them, and I will dispense to you gladly. I will whip you all over, in your most
intimate place too, mercilessly, as long and as hard I will fix on. And be sure
that I will ignore yours pleads, you will have them, don't doubt. You will faint
many and many time, but I will revive you every occasion with salts or other
stimulants, to make you savouring entirely your slavery. There, there is no
escape, no discount, no hope. You will learn to be the most obedient, subjugate
slave achievable. And as beautiful you are, you will be the most incredible
spectacle thinkable.&gt;

She can't even react to such delirium, it can't be truth, it must be a
nightmare.

&lt;It is truth, Sylvia. You already have radically changed your life... in a
better way. The free Sylvia, that maliciously wagged her butt to excite the most
possible males number, and that enjoyed on teasing the most part of them,
conceding niggardly herself to very few of them, are about to dead, no, it is
already dead! The new Sylvia will wags her arse to avoid her owner whip, and she
will be ready to all kind of depravation to please him, as he will want, how
much he will decide, and in the way that he will wish. You are about to become
perfect, Sylvia&gt;.

This time she knows how to react... crying, crying as desperately and as loud as
the taut harness and the rubber cock in her mouth allow her.

He now buckles two head speaker to her head harness, covering her ears.

&lt;Do you hear me, Sylvia? Yes, I know. By now you may hear only music or my
voice. I'm talking you through a microphone that I may activate as I wish. I
hope that you like my music taste, else you will like it by the time in your
next prison!&gt;

He throws beside her a big stuffed bag, with shoulder belts in the outside. He
open its strong zip, and he rolls the still whining Sylvia over it.

He calmly links many straps hanging from the inside of the bag on Sylvia's
harness, then he covers her with the other bag half, and finally he draws the
strong zip all around, enclosing Sylvia inside the bag. She stays snugly inside.
She feels some structures in the lining all over around her, studied to support
her weight and to keep her steady.

&lt;You may breath, slave, don't be afraid. It will be surely heat there, in the
baggage inside the luggage van, but you are a slave, you have to suffer&gt;.

&lt;Don't be so stupid to try to scream or shake if you think to feel people on
the outside, the headphones music insulates you. You are awake because I would
like you to enjoy the travel, but just beside your chin there is a soporific gas
container that I may release at any time. Your first attempt would worth you for
anything else than gain in hundred additional leashes once at home, and to be
jammed every night to sleep inside the bag for the next two weeks&gt;.

&lt;In the beverage I loosened a couple of anti-nausea pills, you won't vomit,
and the anal plug will prevents you from crap... You only may pee, and surely
you will need it, by the position, the beverage and the long travel. But this is
your problem, when we will arrive, if you have pee in my bag, you will receive
40 additional welcome lashes... Better you resist&gt;.

He knows it is impossible to resist, the travel lasts many hours, but this way
he sums the whipping torture, that she will get anyway, with the anguish to
resist to pee as long as possible, hoping minute after minute to arrive to
destination.

He calmly tidies up his victim apartment, then smiling wickedly he grabs the bag
and with a good effort he threads his arms through the shoulder belts. He skips
about a couple of time to adjust the baggage on his shoulder, then he moves
toward the main door.

He unlocks it, he grabs the handle, he uncloses it slowly to control the escape
route, and before to step out:

&lt;Let's go, Sylvia... You will like, you will see&gt;.

The end





By Kray





A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





