BDSM Library - Working in a Womens Prison




Working in a Womens Prison
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man gets a job in a female prison and suffers as the inmates blackmail and abuse him.
Working in the women's prison

A fantasy about women using a man.

Bob was twenty-five years old and college was long past him. He was an
attractive young man but had found it difficult to find a permanent suitable
job. He was renting a small flat in the middle of the town and seeing Alexis a
tall blonde girl who looked lovely but was a real cool woman and made it very
plain that she expected her man to work. Bob was therefore pleased to see in the
local paper a position as a lecturer in English advertised with no experience
necessary. He was a little put off when on reading the advertisement he
discovered it was teaching prisoners in a local jail but applied anyway. Within
a few days he was invited to the town hall and interviewed by a sad little man
in a brown suit and the next day was offered the position starting the next
Monday. This pleased Alexis and she actually went down Bob for only about the
third time. Her technique was poor but Bob still enjoyed it as it made a
pleasant change from him banging away on top as she lay eyes closed giving
little moans of pleasure, as he loved her.

He drove on Monday to the prison clutching his pass. He parked as instructed and
was greeted at the back gate by a sore-faced warden. He was let into a side room
and after about ten minutes another warden came and collected him. She was an
ugly large blonde woman in her forties who introduced herself as Sharon the
senior warden in charge of prisoner education. He was let through two sets of
doors and each time his pass was carefully checked and a digital photo added to
a display in the warden's office. Sharon told him this meant the wardens knew
precisely who was on site. As they walked down a corridor Bob had a serious
shock as he saw two prisoners being escorted by some more female wardens. The
prisoners were women wearing dull green shirts and knee length skirts. When he
told Sharon she laughed and said it was typical of town hall not to tell him
that this was a women's prison.  Apparently it had three hundred inmates serving
sentences of several years or more. While Bob was surprised he smiled inwardly
as the idea of teaching sex staved women appealed a lot more than teaching a
group of dangerous thugs. They arrived in a long corridor with a large table in
the middle for a warden to sit at and observe off the corridor were four small
cells to teach in. Sharon told Bob he would teach in one of the cells with a
warden on duty to ensure nothing happened. Each cell had in it a table and two
old scruffy deep arm chairs He was to teach about sixteen women individually for
two one-hour sessions a week basic writing and reading skills. These were
prisoners who had been in the prison with good records for at least a year. Then
Bob was introduced to the other two full time teachers. Guy was a thin man in
his fifties with little hair and a distinct body odour slightly covered by the
foul smell of his pipe. In the cell next to Bob was Helga. Helga was a woman in
her forties or maybe more. She was skinny with mousy hair and bad skin and even
at this hour of the morning she smelt strongly of alcohol.  Bob realised why the
town hall had been keen to employ him and that the prison education service was
not a profession for the high flyers. Apparently his predecessor had left
suddenly two weeks ago after passing out drunk in the lap of one of the
prisoners.

However when he sat down with a coffee and started work he realised that the
work was not very demanding indeed it was quite pleasant. His first pupil was a
large black woman in her forties due out on parole with in a couple of weeks.
She could hardly read at all but seemed pleased by the help Bob gave her and
during the lesson she told him that the prison was not a bad place even through
it was overcrowded and understaffed with not enough showers, dirty clothes and
very poor food. She had been inside for three years and Bob asked her what she
was in for and was told selling drugs, which was apparently the offence the
majority of the women, were being punished for. This set the pattern for all his
pupils. They were mainly very pleased to see him and enjoyed his attempts to
teach them. When he mentioned it to Sharon she pointed out that the alternative
was the sewing room or locked in their cells and Bob realised that for the
prisoners the lessons were a pleasant escape and an hour of normality. This
meant they did not want to learn too quickly and as they had to stop lessons if
they passed the end of course test. However nearly a third of Bob's classes were
cancelled, as wardens were not available to escort the prisoners or even to
sometimes sit in the central table observing. Bob noticed that by the end of the
day Helga could hardly stand and that she gave the prisoners occasional sips
from her various hip flasks. Guy seemed to give his pupils tobacco and by the
afternoon both seemed to be asleep sometimes. Bob however did not want to bribe
his prisoners nor indeed did they seem to mind. He realised that spending an
hour with a handsome young man was bribe enough for some of them. He did however
give them regular cups of coffee and biscuits and treated them with respect. He
had lunch with the wardens and found the food to be of a very high quality
unlike the muck that the poor prisoners were given to eat. The wardens were
mainly women and while none would ever win a beauty contest they seemed friendly
enough and talked to him readily. When he got home he saw Alexis and while she
was pleased he was working in a regular job it did not stop her nagging and Bob
wondered if it was not soon time to move on.

Therefore during his third week he started to notice the prisoners more as
women. They did not wear make up and their dull green shirts and skirts were
frequently dirty but they were women. Most of his pupils did not seem over
bright but three stood out. Two of them Donna and Angela had moved over from
Helga. Donna was a large dark haired woman in her thirties with a massive full
bosom and a tough muscular body and a flat reasonably attractive face. Angela
was a mousy blonde a little older but with an equally massive bosom and muscular
body with a large blob of a nose. Both could do the work very easily and Bob
realised they were with him to skive and he found it difficult to see how they
got away with it. Both women had been in the prison for many years even through
Donna was soon up for parole Angela had many years still to serve.  The third
woman was Fay. She was about the same age as Bob with a sexy slim body blonde
hair and lovely round full breasts. She smiled a lot at Bob and occasionally
touched his sleeve as they sat together. Like many of the women her shirt seemed
tight and she left the top buttons undone so every time she lent forward Bob got
a glorious view down her ample cleavage. Fay was serving a long sentence for
drug dealing and managed to convince a warden that she needed reading lessons
even through Bob found nothing wrong with her at all. Most of the time they just
talked. Fay hated being inside and missed the freedom to live life as she wanted
however she told Bob what she most missed was men. Most of the wardens and many
of the prisoners were lesbians and Fay told Bob she had experimented but really
missed having a man. Bob ended up telling her all about Alexis and she was very
sympathetic. She also told him that Donna and Angela were rival queen bees and a
prisoner crossed them at her peril. She also confirmed that getting two hours
out of the cell or away from the sewing room was a real perk and the wardens
knowing this sometimes used it as a bribe to keep order. Bob realised why he had
to teach the other two and commented to Fay that it could be dangerous for him
she laughed and told him he was perfectly safe but it was her who had to be
careful as if she managed to offend either of them her life would become very
difficult. Then she described to Bob various horrendous assaults carried out by
the two women on other prisoners.

That evening Bob was pleased to return to the normality of Alexis with her
careful make up and neat clean body. The next day when Bob got to the teaching
room he was met by two new wardens. Both were grossly fat and extremely ugly.
Sharon introduced them as Joyce who had dull black hair and Pamela who had dull
brown hair and both women leered at him. Then Sharon told them to go and get a
pupil and they waddled off. Sharon complained to Bob that she had been lumbered
with them. Apparently they had spent the last three months suspended for
sexually assaulting a prisoner but had been found not guilty by a tribunal. They
could not go back on general duties but instead the governor had assigned them
to the education unit. Sharon did not seem to mind that they had assaulted a
prisoner more that they were renowned for being lazy and incompetent. Sharon
herself was going to have to spend half her time sorting out a new prisoner
induction program and so was not going to have a great deal of time to spare for
the education unit. During the rest of the day Bob saw what she meant. The two
women were loud and lazy and extremely rude to the prisoners. They jeered at
Helga and Guy and were soon calling him 'Bobbie' and 'cute'. A final lesson with
Angela who had deliberately undid the top of her shirt so he could not avoid
looking at her large bosom annoyed him even more and it was not a happy boy who
went home at the end of the day. He talked to Alexis about giving up work but
she made it clear that meant giving her up as well. While Bob found her annoying
she was his regular bedmate and being so attractive made him feel important when
she was on his arm. Anyway at the end of the evening she refused to have sex
with him as she claimed their row had given her a headache.

The next day Joyce and Pam were equally useless and as he returned from lunch
they both pinched his bottom. When he told them to 'sod off' they just laughed
at him. Bob was slightly surprised by having his bottom pinched as he had
assumed the ugly women to be lesbians.  To his pleasure his next pupil was Fay.
Again her shirt was open at the top but this time Bob enjoyed the view of her
full breasts as she lent forward. Bob asked about Joyce and Pam and was told
that a prisoner had been going down on them in return for alcohol and had tried
to blackmail them. In revenge they had handcuffed the woman and raped her with a
wooden baton causing her some nasty internal injuries. However the prisoner
faced with losing her parole for attempted blackmail she had withdrawn her claim
in return for a transfer to another jail. Then Fay asked about Alexis and Bob
told her the full story. Fay was sympathetic and was touching his arm and
leaning forward. Bob looked at her lovely breasts in her shirt and felt his dick
harden. Then Fay looked him straight in the groin and smiled. She looked around
and both realised the two wardens had disappeared. Fay said, " You deserve so
much better! Maybe I can help? I have not touched a man for years and miss the
feel of a beautiful dick so much!" Then she unzipped him and pulled his dick out
of his pants. Bob gasped and did not know what to do but his dick decided for
him. As Fay gently stroked him it quickly became hard in her warm hand. Fay
said, " How wonderful! It is beautiful! Please let me bring you off darling!"
And started to fist him. Bob could not and did not want to resist as the sexy
young women masturbated him. Within a couple of minutes he orgasmed desperately
trying not to cry out with pleasure his eyes fixed on Fay's heaving breasts. Fay
let go of his dick and wiped her hand quickly on her skirt saying, " Oh that was
great! How I wish I could make love to you properly! Tonight in my bed I will
dream of this all night!" Bob happily zipped himself back up and both of them
struggled to continue the lesson as if nothing had happened. The two gross
wardens returned but ignored the classes talking and smoking. Finally Fay's time
was up and she smiled and said, " Please let me do that again!" And Bob happily
agreed. That evening it was a happy young man who took the beautiful Alexis out
for dinner but when he was in bed with her glorious but unresponsive body he
wished it was Fay under him.

The next day as Bob drove to work he realised that if he wanted to continue his
affair with Fay he had to be careful. He also realised that having Pam and Joyce
wobbling around ignoring the classes suited him fine. Therefore all morning he
did not object even through his bottom was pinched several times by the gross
women. Apart from playing with him and getting and returning the prisoners they
did not bother to work. They were meant to sit and observe the lessons went well
but instead they spent most of their time away from the table in a small side
cell eating, drinking and sleeping. Therefore for most of the day Bob was
completely unobserved. None of his pupils took advantage of him apart from Donna
whom seeing he was alone several times tired to touch his groin and deliberately
undid several buttons on her shirt so that her massive plump breasts were nearly
spilling out. Each time Bob carefully removed her hand and finally he lost his
temper and told her to behave. Donna just laughed and told him to shut up and
watch. She pulled up her skirt and exposed her hairy pussy to his horrified gaze
them she started to rub herself. Bob told her to stop but again she smiled and
within a minute she came gasping with pleasure as the horrified boy looked at
her face contorted with lust and pleasure. He told her he was going to report
her but she laughed and told him no one would care, as they did not want a nasty
riot on their hands. Then as Joyce returned Donna resumed the lesson as if
nothing had happened. However at the end of the day he did not mention to anyone
what had happened. As he was getting ready to leave Joyce asked him if he wanted
to come to their rooms for a drink and more. Bob refused and Joyce laughed at
him pinched his bottom and told him he would soon change his mind. It was a
confused boy who went home that night very uncertain about what he was letting
himself in for.

The next day he taught Fay again. She smiled at him as she sat next to him and
then she saw Pam leave. She said, " Great! I cannot wait Bob I must feel you!"
And unzipped and fisted his dick in her hot hand. It only took a couple of
minutes before Bob exploded with passion in her hand. Fay smiled opened her legs
and said, " Darling can you do me a favour please and do me as well!" Bob smiled
and slipped his hand under her skirt and onto her warm firm thigh. She was not
wearing any panties as he moved his hand between her legs and on to her pussy.
Already she was gaping and wet and the heat her pussy was giving off felt like a
furnace. He inserted one finger as another finger lightly stroked her clitoris
and Fay exploded biting her shirtsleeve to stop herself crying out. He smiled at
her as her excitement subsided then deliberately stroked her again. This time it
took a couple of minutes to bring her off and again her orgasm was incredibly
powerful. Then he saw Joyce was returning and quickly withdrew his hand. They
started the lesson but neither could concentrate. As the lesson approached its
end Joyce left and Fay said, " Once more together please!" And unzipped him and
grabbed his dick while her other hand stuffed his hand up her skirt. They played
with each other and within two minutes Fay came. She clutched his dick as she
orgasmed then rapidly rubbed it until he to exploded. Then they were forced to
quickly disengage however Fay said, " That was the best sex in my life I must
have more! Don't you agree?" " Yes! But how? We only get a couple of minutes
before one of those old bags comes in!" " Can you not get them to keep away?" "
I do not think so, Let me try!" Therefore for the rest of the day Bob racked his
brains as he tried to think of a way to get alone with Fay.

Then as the last pupil left Joyce said, " That prisoner Fay is a right stuck up
bitch! Anyone would think I was the prisoner the way she looks at me! She may be
pretty but she is still a prisoner! I am going to get Sharon to stop her coming
to lessons! From what I saw she can read well enough for a whore!" Before he
could think Bob begged her not too. Joyce smiled and said, " Oh yeah! You fancy
her you naughty little boy! Tough luck cutie the bitch is out of here!" Bob
fumed as the corpulent women left him. Then about ten minutes latter he saw her
talking to Pam and smiling at him. They both approached and Pam said, " Well Bob
apparently you like Fay! That is okay a prisoner is just a sex toy for us to
play with! Now yesterday you turned a drink down with us and that was very
upsetting! If you want to see your Fay and persuade the whore to open her dirty
legs for you need us to cooperate! Now how about taking us to the local bar and
getting us each a nice big drink?" Bob agreed and was soon in the bar opposite
the prison watching the two gross women consuming massive vodkas. Joyce said, "
That was nice! Now lets make our deal!" " What?" " You want us to make ourselves
scarce with certain prisoners?" "Yes!" " Okay! We will guarantee to leave you
undisturbed but we want something in return!" " I am not rich!" " Oh no money
would be blackmail and we hate blackmail! No it is a favour for a favour! We
help you and you help us! Do we have a deal?" " Yes! But what do you mean?" " We
will tell you soon enough sexy! However we are going extra shifts on the gate.
After our suspensions we need the money so we have to go see you on Monday yummy
bum!" And with a final laugh both women pinched his bottom and left him alone.
Bob drove home extremely confused and was worried all weekend. On one hand he
wanted out but on the other he wanted Fay desperately. He had a horrid suspicion
of the price Joyce and Pam wanted and realised that if he wanted Fay he had to
agree to their demands however disgusting he felt them. However it was Alexis
who made up his mind for him with her nagging and claims of another headache on
Sunday night when he was fully in the mood for sex.

Therefore on Monday when he returned to work he put up with having his bottom
pinched. At the end of the day the two obese women again invited him for a
drink. They went out together to the car park but instead of crossing the road
they went into a small building attached to the prison which was the wardens
accommodation. They walked along a corridor of small rooms that looked a lot
like the cells only it was carpeted and better painted and entered the women's
room. Joyce got them all a beer and then said, " Now Bobbie do you like oral
sex?" " Yes" " Brilliant! We love oral sex! So here is the deal for tonight you
go down on us and then cutie we go down on you! Everybody gets happy okay
cutie?" Bob gasped but knew that if he wanted Fay he had to see it through so he
nodded. Joyce laughed and said, " Excellent! I get to go first baby! Now get
them off I want you naked when you are licking me!"  Bob moaned but stood and
stripped as the two women leered at him. He expected Joyce also to strip but she
lifted her tent like skirt and tugged off a pair of massive white panties and
sat legs apart. She said, " Lovely nice cute body you have! Now get your boxers
off and show us your dick! Then knell and get busy!" Bob reluctantly removed his
boxers and the women starred and leered at his dick. He quickly knelt and
approached the monstrous women who sat legs apart. As he got to her he could
smell her pussy and nearly choked. However he moved closer took a deep breath
and licked her gaping fat hairy pussy. The smell was disgusting but she held him
close with her hands and was soon moaning with delight and within a couple of
minutes was groaning as she orgasmed. She pushed him off and said, " Great! A
boy's tongue is so much nicer than a girl's! And they have a dick to play with
as well!" Bob did not respond as Pam grabbed him. She was sitting like Joyce
legs apart and knickerless. Her pussy tasted a little cleaner than Joyce's did
but not by much however she came very rapidly her massive thighs pinning Bob to
her pussy as she exploded. Then he was pulled up and pushed onto one of the beds
by the two women who started to rub his dick. It was quickly rock hard and then
Joyce lent down and took it in her mouth as Pam kissed him roughly her tongue
deep in his mouth. Even Pam's bad breathe could not stop him coming into Joyce's
mouth within a few minutes. Bob lay surprised and shattered and realised that
Joyce gave better head than Alexis did. Then Pam spoke, " That is not fair! I
want to lick his dick! Swop over and let me have a go!"  Bob did not want
seconds but the women ignored him and soon his tender shaft was in Pam's big
mouth being vigorously licked. It took nearly ten minutes for him to become
fully excited and then to come. During this time Joyce kissed him and pushed one
of his hands up her skirt and got him to stroke her pussy so that when he came
she came as well his fingers trapped deep in her wide vagina. After that Joyce
said, " We will do that again and more darling! You have a real cute dick and a
nice tongue! However we have to get back on duty so you can go! Tomorrow sexy we
will leave you alone to charm that whore Fay's pussy open! Not difficult I am
sure the stuck up bitch could take a baseball bat up her pussy without it
touching the sides!" Bob having licked the women's large pussies did not comment
as he dressed and after allowing them to pinch and pat him left. He drove home
the disgusting taste of them in his mouth but already looking forward to Fay. He
showered and then took Alexis out to a restaurant however the realisation that
even two ugly women like Joyce and Pam gave better head than her caused him to
just give her a quick kiss and not even to attempt to seduce her. This surprised
Alexis who obviously expected to turn him down yet again and the knowledge of
this made Bob smile as he went to bed.

The next day he saw the two wardens who smiled and leered at him and found
himself blushing. Joyce said, " I enjoyed my drink of beer and spunk with you
sexy butt! And for a man you are quite a good pussy licker! Now you want to be
left alone with Fay but she is not the only girl who wants you! Angela and Donna
both want you desperately so do you want to be left alone with them they look
more like real women than that skinny cow?" " No! Just Fay!" and both women
laughed. He taught Angela that morning and was pleased that Joyce kept a close
watch on the lesson obviously to Angela's annoyance. Then finally just before
lunch Fay was escorted in. The two ugly women leered at him and then left him
alone. Fay saw them go and said, " I did wonder you have paid them off?
Brilliant I want you so much!" Bob nodded as she lent forward and they kissed
passionately for several minutes. Then Fay unzipped his pants and pulled his
erect dick out. She said, " We still have to be careful for what we are about to
do I would lose a years parole and you would get the sack and probably six
months as well!" Bob gasped at the feel of her fingers but was extremely worried
as he realised she was telling the truth and if he was found out he was risking
going inside himself. However his dick was in control as Fay raised her skirt
and unbuttoned her shirt exposing her full high breasts to his admiring gaze.
Then she mounted his seated body and engulfed him in her hot pussy. She kissed
him and then placed his hands on her full breasts and moved up and down on his
pole. Both were highly excited and within a minute they came together
desperately trying not to scream with pleasure as they came. Fay got off him and
buttoned up her shirt saying, " Oh my god! That was so good! Let's have a little
rest and do it again darling!" Bob nodded but Fay grabbed and gently petted his
dick under the table as they pretended to study the book. However with a few
minutes Fay had him hard again and with a smile she undid her shirt and mounted
him again. This time it took longer for them both to come. In fact it was nearly
five minutes before both exploded together into another powerful orgasm.
Afterwards Fay again got off but again she petted his shaft. Bob's head was
spinning but it only took a few minutes before he was ready for action again and
as soon as he was hard enough they resumed. By now Bob was tired and managed to
survive a long time in her tight active pussy. He was able to admire her sexy
body as it rose and fell across his lap and explore her glorious breasts and
full nipples. Fay had moaned into three orgasms before Bob finally could not
contain himself any longer and came. This orgasm was so powerful it virtually
knocked him out but Fay tightened her pussy and kept him hard until she came as
well. Then finally she helped him zip up saying, " That was beautiful six
orgasms! Oh a dick is so good! Please darling lets do it again and again!" Then
they sat exhausted together as Fay asked Bob about how he had got rid of the
guards. He did not answer but instead told her about Donna and Angela. Fay's
face fell and she said, " Oh my god if they find out I have had you and you
refused them I am in serious trouble I do not want a baseball bat up my pussy
just your beautiful dick!" Bob assured him he would not tell and this seemed to
reassure the frightened girl.

Then Joyce and Pam came and escorted her away as Bob went for lunch. At the end
of the day he was still tired from the sex when the two fat women waddled over
to his desk. Joyce dropped a series of photos on his table saying, " Nice work
cutie! I told you she was an easy lay! You can have these photos as a memento.
We have plenty more!" Bob glared shocked and accused them of blackmail. Joyce
said, " No this are for our entertainment and insurance!  We want to enjoy
ourselves and earn some money here without risking our jobs. That bitch Sharon
is busy so we do not have to worry about her. As for Helga and Guy they are
hardly ever sober! You sexy could however sneak on us so we need to make certain
you shut up. Of course sexy we still want you to be friendly with us but don't
worry! We have seen how Fay drained you and or course she isn't the only one you
will have so we will leave you some spunk to play with when you enjoy the
girls!" And both laughed. Bob gulped and realised he was deeply trapped by the
fat women so he did not object even when he was forced to kiss them goodnight
before leaving. As he drove him he realised he could just resign and probably he
would be safe however that meant never seeing Fay again and he wanted her
desperately so he knew he had to put up with it. That evening again he took
Alexis out and again all she got was a good night kiss as he was so satisfied
from Fay.

The next day a worried Bob went into work. Sharon was standing giving Joyce and
Pam a telling off but as she left they just jeered at her. They saw him and
waddled over and demanded a kiss and groped his bottom. He was worried they were
going to demand sex but seemed satisfied with a kiss. Then Joyce produced a bag
and some empty plastic juice bottles which she started to fill with a brown
liquid from another bottle she saw Bob watching and said, " Three whiskeys here
for the girls! We get good money for this! I don't intend to spend the rest of
my life pampering to these foul bitches the money we make on the side will get
us out of here. Now can you see why we need you to keep your mouth shut cutie?"
And Bob nodded in agreement. The two women left with the bottles and Bob waited
for his first pupil. It was Donna who leered at him. She sat next to him and he
could see that yet again she had unbuttoned her shirt so most of her plump bosom
was visible. Bob however ignored her for the first ten minutes of the lesson.
Then he saw Joyce had left Donna looked up and said, " Was Fay a good screw
yesterday!" " What?" " Don't be coy! When she got back some of the girls
stripped her and her pussy was full of your come! Do you like her?" " Get
stuffed!"" I take that as a yes sexy!  Now she has a message for you darling!"
"What?" " Be a good boy and do as the lady says or I get it!" "What?" " It is
simple if you don't want her to suffer you are going to be friendly and nice to
me and a few more of the girls! Refuse and Fay gets her pussy and arse ripped!
Well do you want to save her because if you do not as soon as I get back she is
in the hospital darling!" Bob moaned as the woman smiled at him and he realised
that she was not joking. Now he was fully trapped, as the sadistic bitch would
destroy Fay if he did not co-operate. Therefore he said, " Okay I will do as you
say but you are to leave her alone!" "Of course sexy! In fact she is going to
benefit as well! I will make certain she gets make up and perfume so you can
really enjoy her lovemaking! Of course sexy you will have less energy to love
her as you are going to please me as well stud. Of course you will enjoy it as
well! Now get your dick out and lean back I want to come on top!"

Bob looked around desperately wishing Joyce would return but she was not there.
Therefore he unzipped himself and Donna lent forward and tugged his trousers
down. Then she stood and unbuttoned her shirt. Her breasts were massive she
said, " Kiss them gently boy and get me in the mood for love!" Donna moved close
and pulled his head onto her left breast and tugged the bra out of the way
forcing his mouth onto her erect nipple. Bob licked her as she moaned with
pleasure and he felt her own fingers pet his penis and balls as he licked. After
a couple of minutes she moved him to the other breast and by then his dick was
rock hard in her large hand. Then she got on his lap and he groaned as he felt
her weight. She smiled and said, " Relax sexy and enjoy! Don't come to quickly
however sexy I want a few good bangs first!" Then she lifted her skirt and
slipped his dick into her large vagina and started to grind away at him. Her
massive breasts bounced up and down as she ravished him. She pushed him back in
the chair and lent forward so she was lying on him her breasts mashed against
his chest and she kissed him deeply. Her breath was mint fresh as her tongue
explored his mouth. Then she grunted and stiffened as she came but soon resumed
screwing him. For over ten minutes she ravished him coming twice more and then
Bob knew he was getting over excited as well. Donna held him tight her tongue
ravishing his mouth as her vagina ravished his dick and took him over the edge.
Then her powerful vaginal muscles tightened and she held his tender pole firm
forcing him to stay painfully erect as she raped it. Bob tried to break free as
her vagina grated against his tender shaft but she was far to strong and easily
pinned him down under her conquering body. After a few minutes the pain faded
but Donna kept ravishing him coming three more times during the next fifteen
minutes as Bob passed from pain to excitement again. Seeing he was close she
quickened her pace and drove him through orgasm and as his orgasm turned to
agony she came again holding his struggling body firm beneath her. Only then did
she get off him and button up her shirt, which was covered in sweat marks. Bob
moaned as he pulled his pants up and Donna said, " Great screw darling! I can
see why Fay wants you baby you are good! I hope you give head as well because
next time sexy I want that as well! Its months since I had a man and he was old
and struggled to keep it up for me! You are much more fun! Now remember what I
told you be nice to me and Fay is happy!" Then she resumed the lesson as if
nothing had happened even though her face was covered in sweat. Bob felt sick
from her ravishment and the knowledge that she had him trapped to use whenever
she wanted. Finally the lesson finished and with a final smile and thank you
Donna left.

Bob was barely aware of the lessons he had until Lunch but noticed he did not
see the two guards at all. Helga saw he was looking unwell and offered him a sip
from her flask, which nearly knocked his head off, as it was pure tequila. Helga
and Guy had lunch with him and told him they were pleased he was settling in and
that Sharon was not around to often, as she tended to fuss too much. Bob
wondered what they meant but in the afternoon he discovered the answer. By three
Helga could not stand and fell asleep and Bob heard the sound of Guy grunting in
what he thought was pain. He went to see and looking in he saw Guy leaning back
eyes closed with his pupil a young skinny black girl topless kneeling in front
of him her head buried in his groin. He returned slightly shocked to his pupil a
very pleasant attractive skinny blonde but stupid girl called Ruth who said, "
Kitty gets desperate and your mate provides good stuff. " " What do you mean?" "
Here every one has a price particularly an addict. Your mate does not just have
tobacco in his pouch you know!. If you want something extra and he likes you on
your knees you have to go!" " Yuck! That is disgusting! He smells!"" I know
luckily I can survive without but Kitty gets desperate! In return for giving him
head she gets a pleasant trip latter. What do you provide?" " Education!"" And
sex appeal! All the girls are jealous of the girls who get an hour with you, as
you are so cute and nice! However the queen bees want you and soon they will
sting you!"  Bob weakly smiled as he realised how true she was and got back to
trying to explain the alphabet to her. Then it hit Bob that the other two had
heard him with Donna and were now happy that he too was breaking the rules. Then
Joyce and Pam collected the three prisoners and took them away.

Bob groaned as his last pupil turned up and he saw the massive Angela grinning
at him. As soon as they were alone Angela unbuttoned her shirt and Bob saw she
was not wearing a bra as her massive breasts flopped out. He went to protest but
she said, " Shh! Now the two wardens are busy enjoying my pretty little maids
tongue for an hour and in return baby I get to be alone with you and they told
me you would co-operate as you fancied me! I wonder if that is true or do they
have a hold over you darling? What can that be? Still they are two of my best
contacts I am so pleased I managed to get the charges against them dropped and
when they were assigned here instead of that straight bitch Sharon I was so
pleased!" Bob gasped confused and horrified by the sight of her massive floppy
breasts. Angela smiled and said, " Now sexy usually I have my maids tongue to
please me but a male tongue is more exciting! Get on your knees and lick me or I
will scream and claim you tried to rape me!" Bob gulped and knew the bitch had
him trapped so reluctantly he did as she asked as she opened her legs and lifted
her skirt so he could see her hairy pussy.  He got between her muscular thighs
and applied his tongue to her already wet pussy. He was surprised to find she
tasted fresh. Her skirt dropped over his head as he licked her and he was
surrounded by musky darkness as he licked her to a rapid and powerful orgasm.
After she had come she pulled him up and onto the chair and pulled his trousers
off him and with a big smile grabbed and petted his dick hard. Then she mounted
him and started to roughly ride him. Compared to Donna and Fay she was a monster
in the saddle tough and rough her mouth sucking and biting his neck as her
fingers scratched his chest and arms. For twenty minutes she rode him coming
powerfully on him six times until even the roughness of her lovemaking could not
hold him back and Bob painfully filled her pussy with come. Angela smiled and
got off him and dragged him down beneath her skirt and forced the tired boy to
lick her off until she exploded yet again. She sat back and smiled at him her
heavy breasts hanging down and said, " Rumour says sexy you are giving Donna
rides as well! That is okay darling but I am the number one queen bee in this
jail! You cross me and you will find several of your pupils making lovely
dangerous allegations against you and then you can experience the joy of the
twenty-four hour lock down and forced gay sex! Of course as my toy boy if you
fancy any of the girls let me know and I will deliver the bitch on her knees to
lick you to heaven! I am the boss woman in here and your dick is my pleasure toy
sexy! Now baby lick my feet clean!" And she lifted a foot and placed it on his
chair arm. Bob moaned knowing she was telling the truth and worried if she found
out about Fay. Therefore he lent down and licked her large muscular foot. It
took him several minutes to clean one foot and then the other and by the time he
finished she was purring with pleasure and opened her legs and beckoned him
down. He licked her wet pussy and she grabbed his hands and placed them on her
breasts and forced him to massage them in time to his licking. For over ten
minutes he licked and sucked his face buried in her large tough hairy pussy and
her juices flooding his mouth as she orgasmed twice more. Then she pushed him
back and redressed smiling at him and telling him she was already looking
forward to her next lesson.

Bob sat shattered and worried after she left. His mood was not improved when Pam
returned and asked him to come and have a drink with her and Joyce. Again he
went to their depressing room and groaned as he entered lying naked on her bed
was Joyce. Naked she looked much worse than she did with clothes on. Her fat
breasts were flabby and hung down to her waist and her body was covered with
rolls of fat. She said, " Did you enjoy Angela? She is a proper woman big and
tough! Not like that dirty stick Fay! Anyway Angela wants you as a toy boy and
since she was so good to us over our recent problem and also she pays well you
get to please her. She gave us her maid to entertain us while she had you! A
pretty little thing with such a willing tongue! However darling Pam and myself
we prefer a boy to a girl! So cutie pie get naked get hard and get on top and
love me nice and gently!" Bob groaned shuddering at the sight of her whale like
body. After his experiences with Donna and Angela the last thing he needed was
this however reluctantly he stripped for the women. As soon as he was naked Pam
grabbed and rubbed his dick forcing him to kiss her. He was amazed by his dick
becoming hard and pleased to leave Pam's fat embrace and get on top of Joyce.
She grabbed him and shoved him into her massive gaping pussy and hugged him
tight. He started to move in and out of her closing his eyes to avoid the sight
of her repulsive face. As he loved her he felt Pam petting his bottom. Joyce
came with a loud grunt but did not let him stop and he groaned as he realised
that tonight they wanted more than one orgasm. In fact he had pleased Joyce
three times before she let him off her. He looked around and groaned, as Pam was
already naked lying on her bed leering at him from across the room. Joyce pushed
him off the bed and he reluctantly joined Pam. She gave him a quick grope and
then tugged him into her pussy and lay still grunting, as he reluctantly loved
her.  After ten minutes she had come twice and Bob felt himself get excited. He
did not want to come with these monsters but Pam forced him to carry on loving
her and when she came for a third time so did he even though his orgasm was more
pain than pleasure. After that he was allowed to dress and leave by the leering
women. He was shattered and remembered he had to take Alexis to a party. He was
so tired that evening he did not care and just agreed with whatever she said.
This seemed to make her happy and when he went to leave her with just a kiss she
held him close and asked him if he still loved her. Bob groaned inwardly and
went inside with her and was soon lying on her perfect body going through the
motions of lovemaking with her but wishing instead to sleep. He gave her two
orgasms but could not come himself so he faked an orgasm and then finally was
able to leave. However he could not sleep, so stressed was he over the events of
the day.

By the next morning he had decided to leave town but went into work anyway. His
second pupil was Fay who when they were alone kissed him. She pulled back and
asked him what was wrong. He told her and she commiserated and apologised for
giving him to Donna. Then she looked at him with her wide eyes and told him she
loved him and could not live without him and his heart melted. He asked her what
he could do and she begged him to carry on. She pointed out that even if he left
Angela would get him arrested and as for her Donna would destroy her.  As for
Joyce and Pam they had him over a barrel. Bob nodded reluctantly agreeing with
the pretty girl and asked about Alexis. Fay considered and replied that while
she personally wished Alexis dead she did give Bob a cover and so he should
continue with her as well. Bob moaned and said, " Five women a day will kill
me!"" I know darling but just think how many men would love that! Anyway you do
not have to screw them everyday! Now relax and let me make it better for you! I
want to please you!" And with that the sexy minx knelt before him and unzipped
his dick. She took it in her warm mouth and soon had him moaning with delight as
she gave him a wonderful blowjob and when he exploded into her hot mouth she
swallowed without hesitation. Bob lay back happily exhausted and agreed the best
thing was to grin and bare it. Then Fay told him about how Donna had stripped
her and found his come on her and then bent her fingers until she told Donna all
about it. Bob was angry but Fay told him not to worry as long as he kept Donna
happy she was safe and already Donna was giving her presents. With that Fay
lifted her skirt and said, " See new panties! Six pairs! Here you only get one
pair so six new pairs are wonderful they feel so nice!" Bob admired her firm
thighs as Fay continued, " Now darling would you do a favour for me I haven't
had a man kiss me down there for years! Please!" Bob smiled and got to his knees
as Fay carefully removed her new panties and opened her legs. Her pussy was
swollen with excitement already and after a couple of licks she convulsed into
orgasm on his tongue. Bob stopped then gently carried on. Her pussy tasted clean
and fresh as her love juices filled his active mouth and she soon came for a
second time even stronger than before. With that she pulled him up and dragged
his trousers down pushed him onto the chair and jumped onto his lap grabbing his
fully erect dick and driving it deep into her warm pussy. She kissed him
passionately sucking her own juices off his face, as she loved him. It only took
a few minutes before they both came powerfully together. Then they sat together
smiling at each other. Then Fay asked Bob if he loved her and he agreed. She
smiled and unbuttoned her shirt and he admired her full breasts. She unclipped
her bra and asked him to massage her breasts and moved close and gently grabbed
his dick in her warm hand. They sat gently talking Bob petting and kissing her
full breasts as Fay gently rubbed his shaft in her firm hands. Bob promised
never to desert her and to allow himself to be used by the other women to allow
himself to see her again as she petted him closer and closer to orgasm. He came
kissing her left breast as she firmly fisted him the sensation nearly causing
him to pass out with delight. Then they both composed themselves. Bob was happy
for the rest of the day and that evening was very nice and complimentary to
Alexis. He made love with care her giving her several orgasms from his tongue
and then even more from his dick as she lay eyes closed moaning and finally he
came powerfully into her thinking and wishing it was Fay he was loving. Alexis
seemed pleased by his lovemaking and was polite to him as he dressed to go home
telling him how good it was for him to have a proper job. However when he got
home he realised that tomorrow being Friday he had to teach and presumably serve
both Donna and Angela. However he knew that in order to see and protect his girl
he had to do whatever the sadistic bitches wanted.




Part two


However to his pleasure the next day Joyce and Pam were moved to processing a
new intake of prisoners and Bob had a relaxing day with Sharon supervising the
classes which did take place. Angela's class was cancelled while Donna had no
chance to get to him. The weekend was peaceful with Alexis in a good mood and
Bob remembered why he enjoyed her company in the first place. However on Monday
he found that his timetable had been changed around and his last lesson was with
Donna. Again he was left alone with the large woman who grinned at him as she
unbuttoned her shirt and said, " Friday was so disappointing my pussy was
leaking with excitement at getting you and that bitch Sharon protected you!
Still we are now alone so sexy we can get busy! Now I want to feel your tongue
between my legs so get on your knees stud and being me off!" Bob groaned but did
as she ordered and was soon kissing and licking her hairy pussy. Donna moaned
with delight and soon came holding his head firm against her as she exploded
into orgasm. After that she pushed him back into the chair and with her massive
breasts bouncing around ripped his trousers down and roughly excited his penis
in her strong hands. She mounted him and engulfed his dick in her powerful pussy
and started to ride him her massive body bouncing up and down on him. Soon she
came again but did not slow down at all. Bob lay pinned in the chair by her
muscular body and felt himself slowly getting excited. He came with her as she
rode to a powerful coming but again she did not slow and her pussy kept him hard
as his ordeal continued. For twenty more long minutes she used him until she had
come three more times and then Bob was close himself. Donna smiled and then
tightened her vaginal grip and rode him until he spurted under her. Only then
did she get off him and allow him to rest. Donna seemed to be very pleased with
his lovemaking and smiled and said, " Great! You deserve better than Fay you
need a real woman like me who knows who to make a man happy! " Bob just smiled
at that and was pleased when the muscular woman was led away by Joyce and Pam.

Then Joyce returned and told him that he was needed. He followed her out and up
to their room. He gasped as he entered, as Pam was not alone. Inside were two
other women as well. Mary and Norma were both large blonde women with massive
bosoms and rough looking faces even through compared to Joyce they were oil
paintings. The women had removed their jackets and shoes and were dressed in
their white shirts and black skirts and were lounging around drinking and
smoking. Joyce said, " After a hard days work serving those stupid sluts we need
to relax baby and what better way to relax than with a few drinks and a nice hot
naked toy boy to entertain us! Get them off stud and get your dick up for the
girls!" Bob groaned as he stripped but was soon naked and erect as all four
women had a play with his body. He was handed a tumbler of wine and drunk it
quickly knowing as the leering women fondled and taunted him he was going to
need to alcohol to get though the session. Suddenly Joyce pushed him on the bed
and mounted him and he felt his tired dick being engulfed in her massive pussy.
Then the grotesque woman screwed him as the others leered and cheered. After a
minute Norma removed her panties and got on his face and he was forced to lick
her hairy smelly pussy as she rode his face. He felt Joyce spasm on his dick and
then be replaced by the equally massive Pam. Then he satisfied Norma but her
pussy was quickly replaced by an equally demanding Mary.  Then his dick
satisfied Norma followed by Mary while his tongue had the hideous task of
licking Joyce and then Pam. Finally he finished and Pam got off his face
allowing the exhausted boy to look around. Joyce said, " Not bad baby! You
managed to please us all but your dick did not shoot which is a little rude!
Still we are nice girls so relax and let us give you a blowjob! Come when you
want stud! But the girl you give a load too can do whatever she wants to you in
return before we bang you again sexy butt!" Then Pam took his tired member into
her large mouth and roughly licked him. After Pam Joyce sucked him and he would
have come if Donna had not already drained him, as it was when Norma took him
into her warm mouth he rapidly spurted moaning in delight as she licked and
sucked him. The women smiled at the shattered boy as Norma said, " I am an anal
girl sexy! Lick my arse and bring me off with your tongue!" And turned away. Bob
was pulled to his knees and his face forced into her large woman's bottom. He
groaned as he licked her massive pale cheeks and then pushed his tongue into her
hole. Norma moaned with delight and pulled his hands around onto her large hot
gaping pussy and got Bob to massage her. Within a minute she came screaming with
pleasure. Then he was tugged up and pushed on the bed and mounted by Pam and
Mary. Mary grabbed his semi erect but very tired dick and roughly rubbed him
hard as Pam sat her wet pussy on his tired mouth. Soon he was pleasing both of
them. His dick was trapped in a hard grating pussy and ravished as his mouth
desperately tried to satisfy a dripping pussy. Again all four girls had pleasure
from both his mouth and his dick and again the tired boy did not come. By the
end he was exhausted and lay shattered as the women decided to bring him off
again. This time his tender red shaft was placed between massive fat breasts and
massaged and rubbed. All four women had a go on him and still he had not come.
He begged for mercy but instead his dick was brutally fisted by Pam then Norma
and finally Joyce who managed to make him spurt a few drops of spunk as he
screamed. Then he was turned over as Joyce said, " Anal again baby! But this
time you receive I want to get my hand up your passage!" She rammed her fingers
up him and he screamed in agony and begged her for mercy and she rammed her hand
in and out of his behind as the other women cheered and taunted him. Finally
after a couple of minutes Joyce stopped saying, " Well stud three months in a
male prison would kill you if you scream so much over a few fingers! Now get it
back up we all want another ride!" Over he went and Norma fisted him in her
hand. It took a couple of painful minutes to get the shattered boy hard but when
he was Norma engulfed his dick as Joyce demanded his tongue and his ordeal
started again. He lay under the massive weight of two of the giantesses's. His
dick was grated in their powerful pussies as his tired tongue struggled to lick
their fat gaping pussies until finally he had pleased all four with both. When
it was all over he was to tired to move and lay moaning as the four strumpets
rubbed petted and poked his supine body. He knew he could not come again and
begged when Joyce told him he was. However after several minutes in her mouth he
had not come. The women forced him onto his side. Norma lay and took his dick
into her mouth as Joyce pushed several fingers into his behind. The other two
petted his body and rubbed their sweaty breasts in his face as Norma sucked and
Joyce pumped. Soon he was screaming and groaning as his passage was scratched by
the women but the stimulation was so intense that his screams turned to agonised
pleasure as his dick fired a single drop of thick spunk. Then the world spun and
he passed out. When he awoke about thirty minutes had passed. His whole body
felt bruised and his groin was on fire. He opened his eyes and saw a muscular
naked Norma fisting his red but semi erect dick in her hand. She said, " Welcome
back stud! See we have finally got wood again! What a find you are! Joyce and
Pam having been keeping you to themselves for a bit but now sexy we will all
want some of the action!" " Oh no please! " "Just relax stud and let me do the
work!" And with that she mounted him and took his sore dick into her powerful
pussy. Bob was too tired to resist as she ravished him. As he looked around he
saw the other three had gone and he was alone with his amazon conqueror. For
over an hour he lay moaning as she had her wicked way with him until finally she
was sated and got off his supine bruised body. She kissed him and left him but
returned within a minute with another woman. Bob groaned as he recognised Sally
a large blonde guard. Norma said, " Sally wants a ride as well Bob so relax and
kiss my bottom while she enjoys you!" Then Sally stripped and soon had his tired
member gripped in her rough pussy as his desperately tired tongue licked Norma's
bottom. After twenty minutes they swapped over and his red raw dick renewed its
acquaintance with Norma's pussy while his tongue sampled the delights of Sally's
wet hairy pussy. For ages he served and then suddenly he felt his dick get
excited and he exploded into Norma screaming as his empty balls tried and failed
to pump any spunk out of his shaft. He passed out as the woman laughed. When he
awoke it was dark and he found himself in bed with a naked Norma. She awoke with
him and with a smile kissed him as her hands got busy on his dick. He groaned in
pain at her harsh touch but to her delight and his horror he became hard. Then
he was pinned on his back and forced to serve her again. For over two hours she
violated him with her tough pussy as he lay too shafted to protest under her
until finally she was satisfied and she allowed the broken boy to return to
sleep.

He was woken by her fingers penetrating his behind and she said, " That was
great darling! We will do that again! Now time to get up for breakfast and then
work!" With a moan Bob pulled her off him and got up. His legs were weak and his
whole body hurt and as for his groin it was agony. His balls were empty and hung
painfully beneath his red sore shaft. He limped to the shower and moaned as the
water cascaded over his body then successfully avoiding the woman's questing
fingers he dressed and accompanied her to breakfast. When they got there he was
greeted with cheers and taunting comments sand saw Joyce and Pam smiling at him
having obviously spread the word about his defilement around the canteen. He
could not eat but sat shocked as the women taunted him and propositioned him.
Then he went to work hardly able to work. Luckily the prison had a few staffing
problems that day and most of his classes were cancelled. Therefore he was able
to sit and recover. He went home rapidly after work and fell into his own bed
still exhausted. A phone call from Alexis cheered him up but he was too tired to
see her and told her he was sick. She was very sympathetic and he promised to
take her out the next evening.

The next day however he felt fully recovered and went into work. The guards
smiled at him and some made sexual comments and he realised that having been
gang banged by some of them the rest were more accepting of him. This made him
realise yet again what a strange isolated world the prison was.  However as he
sat he knew he wanted out soon. That was until he saw Fay who looked glorious as
she smiled at him. He told her what had happened and she was all sympathy. She
asked if his dick was okay and he smiled and the sexy crumpet dropped to her
knees and unzipped it and gave him a wonderful blowjob. After he had groaned to
a powerful orgasm he returned the compliment and licked Fay's sweet pussy until
she had moaned twice with orgasm. By then his dick was fully erect and Fay made
him lie back and she sat in his lap and they loved each other until she had come
twice more and Bob had exploded with delight into her tight pussy. They rested
and talked and Fay begged him to stay on and of course he agreed. As they talked
she gently petted him and as soon as he was erect they resumed making love and
he managed to bring the sexy nymph off three times before he could contain
himself no longer and exploded again.  He sat happily sated knowing that he had
to stay and suffer for his true love.

However his last lesson was with Angela and he groaned as he entered and leered
at him. He hoped Joyce would stay and protect him but she waddled off and left
him alone. Angela said, " A little birdie tells me you were busy with the staff!
Still your dick should have recovered by now so get your pants down rub it up
and then sit back!" Bob groaned but did as she ordered and was soon moaning as
the powerful woman ravished his dick in her massive pussy. Again he suffered as
she bit and sucked him. For thirty minutes the monstrous woman ravished him
bringing herself off four times on his tired pole until her mashing pussy caused
Bob to suffer a painful orgasm. After that he was forced to his knees to lick
her dirty pussy clean and bring her off twice more. Then finally the tired boy
was allowed to rest Angela leered at him and said, " You are a good toy boy! I
think I need to work out a way to fully exploit you sexy butt! Just giving Donna
and myself a friendly bounce is not enough there are dozens of women who want
you! And for the good of the prison they are going to get you baby!" Bob groaned
but was pleased when finally she left. Before he could leave for home he was
grabbed by Joyce and Norma and forced to strip, knell and please them with his
tired tongue. Therefore it was a weary boy who drove home. He took Alexis out
for a steak and they talked. The conversation got around to the women he taught
and their sex lives. Bob did not want to admit to them fancying him so he talked
about some of the forced lesbian sex he had heard about. Alexis listened open
mouthed and when they finally went to bed was more animated than he had ever
seen her before. In fact she came ten times, as he loved her and her active
pussy forced the exhausted boy to lose control twice himself. He was so
exhausted that he ended up spending the whole night with her and did not leave
as he usually did. He had breakfast with a silent Alexis and therefore was late
for work.

When he got to the gate a small blonde warden called Janet who was actually
quite pretty said, " Late Bobbie! You know I should put you on report for this
but maybe we can strike a deal?" Bob groaned as she leered at him and when she
saw he was not protesting she kissed him and unzipped his trousers. She pushed
him into a side office and onto a small cot bed and lay next to him kissing. His
dick was tired but became erect as she petted him and she soon had him naked
erect and on his back. She stripped and mounted him and expertly rode him for
over twenty minutes until he moaned and came into her tight pussy as she came
for the third time. Then she gave him a final pet and let him go. He quickly
dressed and staggered off to teach. He had missed his first two classes but no
one seemed to care. His next lesson was Ruth who when they were alone smiled and
said, " Angela has agreed I can have you today! She told you to please me or
else! I can hardly wait sexy! Get them off I haven't seen a dick for over a
year!" Bob gasped but of course he did as he was told. Ruth smiled and grabbed
him, and rapidly rubbed his erect dick saying, " Oh yes! Darling you forget how
one of these feels! Now don't come to fast I want a real pleasant long ride for
my money!" And she leapt on him and pushed him deep into her very wet pussy. She
came with a few thrusts of her hips moaning with delight and then gripped him
tight and carried on riding him smiling with pleasure as his dick penetrated her
wet tight passage. Within a couple of minutes she came again and then again very
quickly. After that it took her nearly ten minutes to come for a fourth time and
another ten before her fifth orgasm made her moan. By then Bob was getting
excited by her sexy body and tight pussy and was flexing his hips as she rode
him and when she came he joined her in orgasm. She got off him but forced him to
lick her small breasts as she moaned with delight and finally he was between her
legs licking her pussy as she came for a sixth time. She pulled him up and said,
" That was great! A woman needs a dick between her legs regularly or she goes
mad! I reckon it will take me a month to afford you again but my god I am going
to save up for you sexy! I do hope Angela can pull of her big plan and I can get
you before that!"" What big plan?" " Oh never you mind sexy when the time is
right you will find out! Angela says it is bad when some of the girls get easy
access to dick and some don't!"

After lunch he had Donna again and was soon naked and under her large body as
she ravished him. She rode him for nearly forty minutes until finally he came
groaning into her. Then she got off him and they started the lesson. Eventually
he asked her what Angela's big plan was and she replied, " Yes! Angela is doing
well on you! She has you totally trapped you know as if you try and wiggle free
several of her girls will claim you raped them and they have the sperm to back
it all up! You would get several years at least! I want to protect you but it is
difficult, as I do not want a showdown with Angela. She is inside for many more
years but I am due for release soon and don't want trouble! However Angela is
correct about one thing a lot of the girls want you and if they don't get you
things are going to get nasty around here and that suits no one. Anyway you are
a complete idiot, as you seem to think that scheming bitch Fay cares for you at
all. I do not know what Angela is up too but be careful baby a slut like that
could do you real harm! Any way apart from her you have the wardens to worry
about while most prefer pussy enough are keen on guys to break your sexy dick
into pieces! Now cutie I feel like another orgasm you give me head stud nice and
gently!" Bob groaned and as he knelt and licked her large wet and familiar pussy
he was very worried. Things in the prison seemed to be getting out of hand with
more and more women demanding him and he did not know how to escape the evil
bitches clutches. After a few minutes he heard Donna moan as she came and he was
pulled up and she kissed and petted him saying, " You give good head darling you
are made to be a woman's toy! Now if you want my advice sexy run away fast and
leave that silly cow Fay to me! If not watch yourself darling because you are
going to serve more than you could possibly imagine!" And she got up and left
him very worried. However when he thought of the glorious Fay he knew he had to
stay to help her. Before he could go he was cornered by Joyce who said, " Nice
day sexy now tomorrow night the girls are going to have a little party and
darling your attendance is compulsory. You can spend the night with Norma she
likes to have a hot guy sleeping next to her even through by the time you get to
bed sexy you are going to be to knackered for anything!" Bob went home and
latter went to see Alexis she asked about his day and he made up a story about a
girl being forced to give oral sex to the wardens. Alexis listened open mouthed
and then virtually dragged Bob to bed. She stripped and made him get naked and
go down on her as she screamed to a fast orgasm. Bob was amazed as he realised
she found his stories exciting. He licked her off twice and was then dragged on
top of her sexy body and made love to her bringing her off five more times
before again he came. It was an even more confused boy who went home after that
even though Alexis was happy not to see him the next evening as she was working.

He managed to avoid sex until he taught Fay just before lunch. They made love
and when both were sated he told her all the things that had happened. She
listened and then told him she suspected Alexis was a closet lesbian however she
could not help him over Angela as she did not know what the evil queen was
planning. Apparently Donna was up for parole shortly and her number two a
murderer called Mandy was already trying to take over and a vicious fight
between her and one of Angela's gang had already finished with Angela's girl in
hospital. Then as the beautiful girl played gently with his dick she asked him
if he still loved her and when he said yes she went down and again licked him to
heaven. To make Bob even happier after his lover left he discovered that the
rest of his lessons were cancelled as Joyce and Pam were needed to do extra
lesson checks. Bob was relaxing when Janet came and saw him she smiled and asked
him to come and help her with a problem. He followed her into her office and
asked what it was and the saucy minx raised her skirt and exposed her naked
pussy to him saying, " This is it darling it feels very hot and needs a nice
tongue to calm it down! Now get busy sexy you need all the friends you can get!"
With a groan Bob knelt and licked her dirty pussy until he heard her moan with
orgasm. Then he was ordered to strip and lie on the bed. Janet stripped as well
and then mounted him and roughly rode him until she had come three more times
and her tight pussy and brought him off as well. Then she allowed him to return.
Bob fell asleep in his chair and was woken much latter by the touch of female
fingers on his dick. He opened his eyes to find his trousers unzipped and his
dick hard and in Norma's hand. She said, " Party time stud! But I want one first
so lie back!" And she mounted him and pounded away until she moaned with orgasm.
Then she pulled off him and with difficulty he zipped his trousers up and
followed her out. They went into the guard's accommodation and up into one of
the television rooms, which had been covered in balloons with a buffet bar, and
masses of drink.  He looked around and saw about a dozen of the female guards
were there drinking, smoking and laughing and when he entered the room they
cheered and taunted him as Norma said, " Now sexy your job is to entertain us
and be friendly! When the party is over sexy you can spend the night with me and
then tomorrow you can serve my body and a few others as well. Don't expect to
get out of here before tomorrow evening and darling no fast shooting you are
going to need your energy! Now baby get naked we want to feel the goods!" Bob
gasped but about six of the women grabbed him and forcibly stripped him naked.

He was pushed from woman to woman and groped and kissed. To his surprise he
noticed that serving the drinks were two of the prettier and younger prisoners.
Both were just dressed in their white prison panties and nothing else. They
looked harassed as they rushed around their sexy pert breasts bouncing as they
moved. He asked Mary about this as she fondled his bottom and she said, " Oh yes
sexy we need servants! These two like women so they can serve the drinks and
then please us as well when we get busy! They get to wear only their panties
because we don't want the cows to escape! Instead of an evening locked in their
sad little pens they cows get some fun and a chance to get drunk and laid as
well! Tonight darling they also get a go on your dick!" For over an hour he was
passed around from woman to woman. He managed to get some food and drink but all
the time his body was groped by the women and mostly his dick stayed hard. The
two prisoners also suffered from wandering hands and as the time passed the
guards got drunker and freer. Then Sally said, " Ladies the door is locked so
the show can begin! Okay cunts get busy!" The two prisoners were pushed into the
middle of the room and onto a mattress, which had been dumped there. Then as the
guards laughed and jeered the two women started to massage each other and then
they turned and started to lick each other off. Bob stood amazed his dick
gripped in Joyce's fist as they loved each other and when after several minutes
both girls came he was highly excited. Then Joyce said, " Your turn Bob! You can
pick which cunt you are going to screw first but we want a good show with lots
of pussy wetting action!" And pushed the naked boy on to the women. They did not
seem surprised and he quickly found himself pulled on top off and into a slim
blonde girl, whom smiled and whispered, " Bloody great! I love dick and it is
worth a lesbian fuck to get a real live one! Okay sexy screw me good and hard
but if you don't let me come first you are going to get your balls crushed!" The
other girl a sexy redhead with massive breasts whispered, " No shooting in her
baby I want to come on your pole as well!" The redhead gripped his balls as the
blonde pushed her hips back and forth and her active pussy ravished his dick as
he lay on top of her. The audience was cheering and taunting him, as he loved
the blonde. Bob was excited but the pressure on his balls stopped him from
coming. The blonde suddenly exploded into orgasm and was rapidly replaced by the
sexy redhead. Bob struggled against orgasm as she moaned and writhed beneath
him. He knew he was lost even though he had come three times that day already
and when the redhead closed her eyes and started to moan into a powerful orgasm
he to came. The girl milked his penis with her powerful pussy as her orgasm
blasted her and Bob felt the world spin as he screamed in her tight embrace. He
lay shattered as he heard Sally say, " Okay bitches get our toy hard again! He
has a lot of work to do!" And then he felt two delicious tongues working his
soft tender penis. It took a few minutes for the sexy young girls to excite him
and they took him close to orgasm under the laughing eyes of the crowd of women
before leaving him moaning with exhausted frustration. Sally said, " Okay you
two tarts can get back to serving drinks and maybe some of us as well! We will
look after our toy and when he needs stiffening again we will get you!" Bob
moaned as the girls left him and he looked at the surrounding wall of lustful
ugly drunk female flesh.

Norma said, " Okay girls lets get busy! Who fancies a ride on babies cute
woody!" "Me!" shouted a massive blonde woman with a square face called Fiona.
She lifted her skirt and removed a massive pair of panties and then her tree
trunk like likes mounted him as she sat down on his dick forcing it painfully
into her fat pussy. Bob screamed as his shaft was bent into her making the women
laugh but soon he was deep and home and Fiona started to pound away on top of
him. Then Norma said, " Pretty boy gives good head ladies! Who wants a go!" "
Me!" Laughed a skinny ugly mousy haired woman called Linda and she pulled her
skirt up tugged off a pair of panties and sat her smelly pussy right on Bob's
mouth. Bob groaned with pain and humiliation as his penis was ravished while his
mouth was forced to kiss Linda's foul pussy. After several minutes Linda came
and was replaced by another skinny warden older and even uglier whose pussy
smelt stale. However Bob had no choice but to please her. Then he felt the
massive Fiona explode on his dick and then she was popped out for a moment of
freedom before another giantess mounted and started to ride him. The next hour
was hideous as woman after woman used his face and dick for pleasure. His gang
bang was a hideous ordeal not a pleasure but the ninth woman on his dick was
Norma and her powerful pussy was able to make him come screaming his face full
of Pam's disgusting pussy as Norma milked him. Then Norma came on him as Pam
rubbed herself off on his shattered tongue. He lay broken as they got off him
and his sore dick flopped out of Norma's pussy. The women scoffed at him as he
lay supine and Norma said, " You two sluts get over here you have a dick to get
up!" And Bob soon found his soft red shaft being licked by the two sexy young
girls. It took them several minutes to get him even semi stiff and all the time
the waiting harridans ridiculed him.  When he was hard Sally mounted him and was
soon riding away on his tender shaft as he moaned in exhausted pain beneath her.
Norma said, " Well done girls you got him up and as a reward for licking him you
can have a go on his face." Bob groaned but was soon licking the natural blondes
wet pussy and after she had screamed with delight on him the redhead enjoyed his
oral attention. All the time his dick was painfully twisted bent and rubbed in
the women's unforgiving vaginas and he sobbed in pain. After he had pleased the
two young girls they were dragged off by two of the women and Norma replaced
then on his bruised and exhausted tongue as his painful orgy continued. For
nearly two hours the strumpets assaulted him until he could hardly stay awake.
Finally instead of serving two of them he only had one to please at a time. He
looked around as Sally for a fifth time pounded away on top of him and saw a
scene of carnage. Several women were lying unconscious from the alcohol while a
few more were only just standing On the other side of the room the two young
girls had been tied face to face and as he watched were forced to get to work
licking under one of the women's skirt. However she topped over unconscious
after a few minutes as Bob felt Sally explode yet again on his tender shaft.
Sally got off him and said, " This do is over darling! Still you need a treat!"
And pulled him up and over to the two girls and forced him to stand so his groin
was between them. The two girls eagerly got to work as Sally urged them to bring
him off but Bob was empty and even their eager mouths only hurt his raw shaft.
Sally, Norma and Joyce watched and jeered and Joyce said, " Toy boy needs more!
You two hold him still!" Bob gasped as he was grabbed then he started to beg as
Joyce picked up an empty beer bottle and approached him. Soon he was screaming
as the sadistic bitch rammed the bottle up his behind and raped him. No way
could he come even with two pretty women sucking him. Joyce pulled the bottle
out and then Pam raped him with a cucumber as he begged and screamed his dick
trapped in the young women's mouths. Then Norma produced a thick pink vibrator
and turned it on. She made the sobbing boy lick it before she drove it deep into
his passage. Bob bucked and screamed as it worked away and then after two
minutes of hell he felt himself get excited and as the monster reamed his behind
and the redhead kissed his shaft while the blonde sucked his empty balls he
came. The pain was intense as his balls struggled to expel non-existent sperm
and he passed out in shock, pain and humiliation.

When he awoke finally it was morning and he realised he was naked and tied
spread eagle to Norma's bed. He recalled dimly being sucked hard and then lying
being raped analy and then having his dick ravished by a whole gang of the women
before coming and passing out totally. His body ached and his dick felt as if it
was covered in blisters and his anus felt on fire. He could not stop himself
groaning and Norma who was lying naked next to him woke up and with a smile
started to rub his sore shaft in her firm hands. Bob moaned as Norma said, "
Excellent sexy you are awake now relax while I get your dick up I want a nice
ride!" And to his horror his dick became erect. As soon as he was hard he was
mounted and ridden by Norma moaning as her strong pussy ravaged his tender
shaft. For ages she rode him moaning with orgasm, as he lay tied and helpless
under her powerful body. Finally she got off him and with a smile left him
alone. However to his consternation she returned with Sally who rapidly stripped
and got on him. After he had suffered in her pussy for ages Norma returned and
took over on top of his bruised body. Then as he lay under the pounding Norma
Fiona and Linda entered the room and soon he was serving them as well. He spent
the whole morning tied to the bed with one of the female guards pounding away on
his sore shaft until finally he found himself becoming excited and exploded into
Linda screaming in agonised pain as he came.

When he next awoke he was bound hand and foot in another bed and realised he was
back in Pam's bed. However he fell back to sleep and was woken by Joyce and Pam
in the evening. They got him up and forced him into the shower and then dressed
him and took him off for dinner. He sat as several of the women smiled and
teased him and was surprised by how good he felt after his gangbang. However his
good mood was spoilt by Norma saying, " That was great and darling with have a
party at least once a week you can be a regular fixture! We will show you all
the tricks of good lovemaking sexy!" Bob groaned, as the idea of going though
that again did not appeal. He was worried he was going to be forced to serve
again but relived when it became apparent that he was not as most of the guards
were either in work or off for a major pub crawl. However as he went to go Joyce
reminded him that his keys and jacket were still in the prison. She told him she
would let him in and her and Pam went with him. Bob followed the massive women
as they entered though a side gate and then went past Linda who smiled at him.
They were in one of the side wings not the education blocks and when Bob
questioned it Joyce told him it was a short cut. They walked down a line of
locked cells when Joyce suddenly stopped and started to unlock one of the cells
Bob questioned her and was told she heard a noise. Then the door was opened and
before he could fully react the two wardens grabbed him and threw him though the
door and slammed it shut behind them. Bob stared in horror at the locked door as
he realised he had yet again been set up.

Then he heard voices and turning he shook with terror. The tiny cell had in it
two bunk beds and each had a woman in it all staring at him. In one was a slim
sexy young blonde called Libby and two of the cells contained massive tough
blonde women who looked like night-club bouncers who Bob knew were called Saline
and Tara and were serving life for murder. Worse was the fourth bed which
containing a smiling Angela who said, " Welcome to our hovel stud! I have paid
those two slags a lot of money to have you delivered to me! Tonight baby to
serve us fully totally and tomorrow morning you are in for a real treat in the
shower room with over thirty excited ladies to please! Now fail or scream to be
saved and my friends will castrate you because when you are doing life what is a
couple more years compared to the delight of turning a guy into a eunuch? " As
she spoke she got out of bed and Bob could see her ugly tough naked body as she
approached him. She grabbed him and dragged him close and kissed him hard. Then
she broke off and turned Libby had pulled her mattress onto the floor and was
standing gloriously naked next to it. Angela said, " Good slave girl! Now you
will get some fun tonight but we will blast toy boy first. Okay Bob get naked
and lie down on the mattress! It is going to be a long hard night sexy or I get
to eat your balls!" Bob groaned but knew he was trapped and when he saw that
Saline had an evil knife in her hand he rapidly stripped. When he was naked he
lay on the dirty mattress smelling the foul female smell of the tiny locked
cell. Angela said, " You are soft cutie! Lie back and let Libby have a lick of
your tackle! Usually she pleases pussy but she knows how to do a dick as well!"
Bob moaned as the pretty but vacant eyed girl knelt and took him in her mouth.
He was tired still from his previous gang bang but she managed to get him hard
and as soon as he was fully erect she was pushed off as Angela mounted him and
started to roughly ride him. Angela smashed away on him her powerful body
crashing up and down on him as he moaned in terror under her.

It only took a couple of minutes for her to come but she did not stop and rode
him until he had brought her off four more times. Bob was excited and hard but
miles away from an orgasm. Angela got off and said, " Very nice Bobbie!
Obviously the guards have drained a few shots of come from you! Okay next!" And
Bob groaned as the massive Tara dropped on top of him. She forced him to lick
her massive but clean pussy before she started to ride him grinding away on top.
After she had come twice he repeated the pleasure for an equally tough Saline.
Then Angela said, " Very nice stud! Okay give me seconds!" And she mounted and
used him until three more times she had moaned in orgasm. After that he was
ridden by Tara and as she rode him Angela pushed her smelly foot into his mouth
and forced the shocked boy to lick it clean. After Tara he was used by Saline as
he cleaned Angela's other foot. He was excited as Angela fisted his tender pole
and said, " Yes you are doing well but this toy is going to fire very soon! Now
Libby is a young girl and has many years to go before she gets free. Now I know
she would love to have a baby and the timing is just right so Libby lie down and
relax and enjoy yourself as Bobbie toy gets you pregnant! A few months in the
baby unit will be lovely " Libby smiled sadly and lay down and Bob was pushed on
top and into her very tight pussy. Then he felt Angela's fingers enter his back
passage and he moaned as she forced him to love the sad girl. He was forced to
love her with his pace controlled by Angela. Libby came after a couple of
minutes with a soft sign but Bob was still unable to come. However Angela forced
him on and as he got excited he felt Libby stiffen on him and as she came for a
second time he lost it and he exploded into the moaning girl and the world spun
and he passed out on top of her.

He awoke screaming into a foul gag and found he was face down with a pair of
filthy panties filling his mouth as Angela raped his anus. She laughed and
pulled a large wooden dildo from his sensitive behind. He was turned over and
sobbing he lay as Libby sucked his shaft until it was hard yet again. Then
Angela, Tara and Saline ravished him. When all three were pleased Angela told
him he was to come into Libby again and again he found himself on top of her
luscious body. However he could not come and after about fifteen minutes when
the pretty girl had twice moaned in orgasm Angela decided to lend a hand. She
grabbed the massive wooden dildo and rammed it up him and he was forced in and
out of Libby's tight vagina as the monster reamed his behind. It took five
minutes of total agony before finally he felt his dick spasm and he orgasmed
sobbing in pain into her vagina as the other three insulted him and Libby
exploded under him for a third time her tight pussy milking the last drops of
spunk from his tender pole. Again he passed out on her but was quickly awake as
his testicles were twisted in Angela's strong grip. Then yet again Libby licked
him erect but this time it took nearly five minutes to force the crying boy
hard. When finally he was erect he was mounted and used by Tara, Saline and
finally for ages by Angela until all three were fully sated. Through out this
ordeal Bob lay crying under them every twist on his dick making him sob in agony
as the heartless bitches enjoyed him. Then Angela told him it was time to sleep
and he was forced to help Libby make her bed before lying down next to her to
sleep. He lay terrified as Libby whispered, " You think that was bad you soft
baby! Imagine spending every night serving those three! I had better be
pregnant, as nothing else will get me away from these cunts! Now go to sleep
cutie because tomorrow you get to serve the shower block and that darling I can
tell you from bitter experience makes tonight seem like a picnic!" Bob sobbed as
he fell asleep trapped next to the sexy young lesbian slave.

He was woken up the next morning by having his tender balls pinched and then he
was forced to serve under Angela and Tara as they enjoyed his dick once again.
As he lay moaning he could hear noises outside and hoped to be released from his
bondage soon. However when the door opened he groaned as he saw it was Joyce on
duty and she pretended not to see him. This made it easy for Tara and Angela to
grab him and with his balls firmly in Angela's hands he was dragged out of the
cell down the corridor and into the shower block straight past Joyce. Joyce
ignored not only his moans of pain but also the jeers of the many other women as
they saw his naked body dragged past. He was pulled into the shower stall and
the end and Angela gripped his balls and said, " Now sexy! We get four hours of
freedom on a Sunday to socialise and shower and darling you are going to be a
busy babe! Some girls have paid to ride your dick and others your mouth and a
few just to have your hands or maybe just to give you a feel and watch! When you
feel like coming darling let us know because you have two special pussies to
fill as they want to get pregnant! Apart from that keep your spunk inside toy
you are going to need it for tonight as Libby needs more filling! Remember
darling if you cry out or fail to please I am going to take great pleasure in
watching Tara rip your balls off!" Then he was thrown to the cold hard floor as
Angela said, " Okay Tara let the ladies have a look at the prey! Rub it up toy
they do not want to see a softie!" Bob groaned and rubbed his tender penis. It
felt incredibly sore but quickly became erect. Then he groaned again as he was
surrounded by about a dozen of the female prisoners.

They were a mixture of old and young pretty and ugly as they laughed and jeered
him. Angela said, " Okay ladies as promised for one morning only a toy boy to
entertain you! Now give the goods a nice feel girls but be gentle remember our
pet has four hours of hard and ladies I do mean hard loving to complete!" Then
Bob was buried in female flesh as the women stormed him he felt fingers on his
dick, his balls and rammed up his bottom as he moaned with his head buried in a
fat middle aged woman's massive sweaty bosom.  After several minutes of savage
abuse he was let go and Angela said, " Okay ladies enjoy the show as we show Bob
what women's power really means! Okay Jenny you get to ride on his lovely dick
and ladies let me tell you from personal experience that feels good! Sara you
get his cute tongue and he knows how to made that hit your sweet spot and if he
doesn't just twist his nipples and Denise his hands are yours okay have fun and
remember girls he has all of us to serve! So come fast but ladies come good!"
Bob moaned as Jenny a large black woman mounted him and engulfed his dick in her
massive pussy. Then Sara a young giggling blonde sat her bony pussy hard against
his lips as Denise another middle aged fat blonde grabbed his hands and placed
them on her massive but flabby breasts. Soon Jenny was smashing and mashing his
dick in her strong pussy as Jenny rubbed her smelly dripping vagina hard against
his lips and tongue and Denise forced him to rub her nipples then placed one of
his hands between her legs and on her hot pussy. As they used him he was aware
of the other women laughing and commenting on his humiliation. Jenny came
screaming with delight very quickly but was instantly replaced by Denise while
his hands were placed on another set of large flabby breasts. Then Sara came and
smiling dismounted but instantly a giantess of a black woman who drove her wet
hairy smelly pussy hard against him quickly sat on his face. For ninety minutes
the horde of women ravished him his hands were forced on breast after breast and
sometimes dripping pussy while all the time his tongue was kept busy licking
dirty pussy after pussy. While they forced him to serve them with his hands and
mouth another woman was grinding and pounding away on his red raw pole. All Bob
was aware of was the desperate need to serve female passion and any attempt to
slack or draw breath resulted in the instant torture of his balls, anus or
nipples. However occasionally as the woman ravishing his face moved he could see
and hear the crowd of woman watching his violation and hear Angela acting as
ringmistress to his defilement. Then he realised that the pressure of over
sixteen excited pussies on his dick was getting him close. Angela realised the
same and had his balls pinched until he had pleased the two harlots on his face
and dick then she said, "Toy boy wants to lose a load ladies! Now usually we
would all like to watch him spurt and waste his spunk but Kim wants a few months
of peace and a baby so she gets to use it! Okay Kim dear lie down legs apart and
enjoy it I think it will still take a little time for our slave to fire even
with this up his arse to keep him going!" And she produced the massive wooden
dildo to the women's great amusement. Kim was a fat ugly brute of a woman but
Bob was soon pulled on top and buried in her slack pussy as she whispered, " I
paid a lot for this spunk so it had better work! I have had four kids already so
I am not over tight darling but I am sure you can fill me up!" Then Bob screamed
loudly as Angela commenced to ream his tender passage. Soon he was being driven
in and out of Kim as the women cheered. Some of the prisoners were naked some
were semi dressed but all watched and jeered as Bob felt Kim convulse into
orgasm. Then he screamed as he came as well and the dildo and Kim's vagina
milked his tender shaft and yet again he passed out in agony.

He was quickly awake as Angela crushed his testicles in her fist to find himself
still on Kim as Angela said, " Just squeeze the last few drops out dear! Okay
who wants to kiss our baby up again! Get it up fast Bobbie you have a lot of
girl's still to please and only another two and half-hours to satisfy them in! "
Then he was pulled off Kim and on to his back by the laughing women as Jenny got
his soft red raw dick in her mouth and started licking. It took several women
and nearly five minutes of abuse before he was hard enough for the women to use
again. Then he was mounted by a slim young redhead as an older women with a trim
body sat on his face and he felt his hands placed on a pair of pert young
breasts and his orgy of service restarted. If it had been painful before now it
was ten times worse as for ninety long minutes he was ravished by well over a
dozen women. Then he heard Angela say, " Time to milk his shaft again! Okay
Rosette get ready for a nice load. Rosette was a slim woman who smiled as the
groaning boy was forced on to her body and said, " Hold on tight darling and
enjoy my pussy! I am going to milk every drop out of your cute balls!" And she
flexed her hips and started to use him as he felt the dildo penetrate his rear.
It took several minutes before he came and again he came with the girl and again
he came screaming in agony as the minx milked his tender dick and bruised balls
of his remaining thick sperm and passed out. He awoke to find himself on his
back with his dick in Rosette's mouth and painfully erect. She pulled off and
was replaced by Sara and as Jenny sat her massive gaping pussy on his face he
heard Angela say, " One hour ladies! Form an orderly queue for seconds at half
price!"  And his debauch continued as woman after woman demanded pleasure from
his broken body. During this last hour of torment he was crying as his penis was
grated in over a dozen wet demanding pussies and was only able to please with
his bruised tongue because as soon as he stopped his hair was brutally ripped
until he resumed serving. Then finally just as he was sure he was going to die
he heard a bell ring and Angela said, " Okay everybody off! Don't worry or fret
our toy will return next weekend and give another session of fun!" And finally
he was left groaning as the women filed away many of them delivering painful
kicks to his bruised and battered d body before they departed.

Then Angela said, " Okay get him up! Now Bobbie boy you did well! You have made
over thirty girls happy and got me a lot of money and respect! Now we have to
get you back to our cell and then sexy boy you can please us all afternoon and
then all night before those ugly sluts fetch you in the morning!" Bob started to
cry so shattered was he as Tara and Angela dragged out his unresisting naked
body.  They went down the corridor and were at the entrance to their cell when
suddenly they heard a whistle. Bob looked up and saw a very angry Sharon
approach. She screamed, " What the hell is going on!" And before the women could
move she lashed out with her wooden baton and smashed Tara around the head
causing her to drop unconscious to the floor. As Angela swore Sharon told Bob to
follow her. He gratefully staggered after Sharon as the female prisoners jeered
and Tara lay stunned and bleeding on the ground. They left the prisoners block
and Sharon said, " You stupid fool why did you come to the prisoners block! Are
you so desperate for sex you allowed them to gang bang you? I knew you were
somewhere in the prison because I found your keys you idiot! They could have
castrated you!" Bob was to shocked and tired to disagree with her as she threw a
blanket over him and continued, " Still I found you before major harm was done!
I did wonder why the block was so quiet during the shower period of course the
whore's were gang banging you! Now tell me where you live moron and I will drive
you home. You will need a couple of days to recover from those scumbags and we
do not want the chief to know what happened or the shit will really hit the
fan!" Bob told her where he lived and was soon in her car. When he awoke he was
lying naked on his bed and alone. He moaned and fell back asleep clutching his
burning groin. 




Part three



The next day he could not walk and spent it groaning in bed. However the next
day he felt a lot better and that evening was able to see Alexis even though he
was pleased to avoid sex with her. The next day he went into work and was seen
by Sharon. After asking how he was she said, " You put me in a difficult
position going slobbering over the prisoners!" Bob tried to explain it was not
his fault but she said, " No Bob you are guilty and owe me! When you finish work
I will find you and show you the error of your ways! Next time you silly fool
you could end up dead and not with just a few blisters on your dick!" And
stormed off. Bob unhappily went to work and was pleased to see his first pupil
Fay. When they were alone she asked how he was as his gang rape was the talk of
the whole prison. Fay told him that the women in Angela's wing were boasting
about screwing him and that Donna's gang was determined to get him as well so he
had to be careful. Then she lent down so he could see the tops of her perfect
breasts and told him she loved him and did he love her. Of course he agreed and
soon she was in his lap riding his excited dick. They made love twice and Bob
had two wonderful orgasms in the beautiful girl and remembered why and how he
had got into the mess he was in.  After her he had a couple more lessons before
lunch and then after lunch he was meant to teach Donna and then Angela but he
pretended to be ill so he did not have to serve the amazons. Then at the end of
the day he avoided the leering Pam and went to see Sharon. Again he tried to
explain but she did not listen and again told him he owed her and to follow her.
Groaning he did as he knew she could get him in serious trouble. They went to
her room that was a single room and full of pictures of Christ.

Bob expected she would demand his body so when she ordered him to strip naked he
did. However when he was naked she produced some manacles and quickly chained
him up. Then she removed her jacket and said, " You have sinned boy and need to
be cleansed by my body and my whip!"  Bob gasped as the woman produced a
selection of terrifying whips. Then Sharon removed all her clothing apart from
her white bra and panties and stood staring at him as he looked at her large
muscular body. Then suddenly she gripped a long slim leather whip and lashed it
hard against the side of his body. Bob screamed and twisted as she landed nearly
a dozen blows against him. He fell to his knees as she hit him. Then suddenly
she stopped and pulled him still on his knees towards her and rammed her pussy
against him. Her panties were wet with excitement as she rubbed herself roughly
against his face and within a minute she screamed with orgasm and he was thrown
to the floor. Then Bob was screaming as she dropped onto him and turned him to
face the carpet and then savagely rammed the whip handle in and out of his
bottom. Then he was turned over and the enraged woman spat in his face and
gripped his soft penis in her fist and cruelly fisted him up and down. Amazingly
he became hard but she carried on roughly wanking him as he begged her to be
gentle. She took no notice of him and soon he was moaning in orgasm as she
milked his dick. Then again he was screaming as post orgasm she carried on
brutally fisting his incredibly tender dick forcing him to stay hard. Then she
pulled her panties to one side and roughly ravished him her body smashing him as
her fingers gripped and twisted his nipples. For fifteen minutes he suffered
under her and three times she exploded into orgasm until finally she got off and
resumed roughly fisting his now excited but still tender shaft. Soon he was
moaning in orgasm and then screaming as again she carried on rubbing him. Then
after five minutes of hell in her hand she stopped. Then her wet panties were
pressed against his face as she rubbed herself off on him. She blocked his nose
and mouth as she rubbed and Bob struggled for breath and then passed out. He
awoke with a scream as she kicked him hard straight on his balls. She dragged
him up and flung him face down on the bed and then sat and pulled him onto her
lap. Then she produced a thick leather belt and started to beat his backside.
Over thirty times she lashed his behind as he moaned and begged her to stop.
Then she got up and turned him over and fixed him spread-eagle and immobile onto
the bed and menacingly said, " The organ of your sin must suffer!" She grabbed a
wooden ruler and sat on his chest and then Bob gasped as she gripped his dick in
one hand and with the other swung the ruler hard against his trapped penis. She
hit him dozens of times as he begged and soon he could feel her wiggling on his
chest as she got excited. Suddenly she let go of his dick and moved her sodden
panties onto his face. Then she lent forward and Bob screamed as she clamped his
sore member between her lips and started to pull him as she rubbed herself off.
She came and her teeth dug into him as he screamed in agony and terror. She
reversed on his body and sat on his thighs and stared at him as he sobbed. She
said, " One more thing and your sin is washed away!" And gripped his balls
firmly one in each hand. Bob started to desperately beg but she squeezed him
tightly and he screamed and tried to escape but the chains held him tight as his
tender sacs were crushed. For nearly fifteen minutes she twisted, crushed and
tugged at his most sensitive organs. Finally she was finished and he lay broken
and crying his face covered with his own vomit as the pain continued to rush
through his shattered body. Then she stood over him and removed her panties and
said, " Now we wash the final sin away!" and a gush of foul liquid poured over
the crying boy. When she had finished she sat on his face and forced him to lick
her gaping wet filthy vagina until she had twice more experienced orgasm and
only then did she get off him. She said, " That was right and proper baby! Now
let me get clean and I will drive you home!" She left him lying still racked
with pain to shower and when she returned unchained him and wiped him down. Then
she dressed him as he could not walk or move and helped him to her car and took
him home. He virtually carried him into his bedroom and undressed him and placed
him still racked with pain on the bed. Then she grabbed his bruised balls, which
were swollen to nearly twice their normal size and carefully examined them and
said, " One day off I think darling for these sweet toys to recover fully! Now
next time I have to save you from those whores or I find out you are doing
anything else sinful I will give you a full all night session and cleanse you of
sin so fully you will need a month before you can walk properly!" Then she
gently kissed him, as he lay broken. She left him alone crying and shocked.

The next day he could not walk as his balls were seriously swollen and bruised
but by the evening things were returning to normal. He was upset when Alexis
turned up unannounced to ask him what was wrong. She accused him of sleeping
with another woman and Bob denied it. He did not know what to say so desperately
he lied and told her that he had seen two prisoners trying to rape another and
stopped them getting a kick in the balls for his pains instantly she was full of
sympathy. But latter she asked to see the damage and he stripped and showed her.
She fondled his balls and got him to describe in detail how the woman was being
attacked. Bob became hard and she suddenly pushed him on his back and climbed on
top. Her technique was not good but she came within a minute. Bob felt too
tender for sex and asked her to stop so she lay beside him but again she asked
for details of the woman being raped and this time he was pushed between her
slim thighs and made to lick her off twice before she would rest again. After
that she was all sympathy and allowed the tired boy to sleep. The next morning
he felt fully recovered from Sharon's violent lust and went into work. He was
pleased he did because his second pupil was Fay. They made passionate love and
Bob had a wonderful orgasm and realised as he spurted into his beautiful lover
he was fully recovered. Then as they rested Fay told him she wanted to have him
properly and he asked how. She smiled and kissed him and told him she had set it
up for lunchtime. Joyce and Pam had agreed to bring Bob to Fay's cell and leave
them alone together for an hour and in return a girl called Betty would go down
on both of them for the hour. Bob asked what Betty got in return and was told
she got a full bottle of whisky that Donna had given to Fay as a thank you
present. Bob was slightly worried about going onto the prison block after his
last hideous experience but when he saw how happy the idea made the sexy Fay he
agreed. They did not made love again as Fay wanted them both to have the energy
to enjoy an hour together fully naked.

At lunchtime Joyce and Pam got him and they walked together into the cellblock
past the locked cells with the two disgusting women petting his bottom and
leering as they walked. They got to one of the cells and Joyce unlocked it.
Three women emerged one of whom was Fay who smiled happily at Bob who felt his
excitement rise. Joyce said, " Okay whores! Bob gets an hour with you Fay! I
hope he enjoys it and we get you Betty! " Pointing at a slim dark haired girl
with pert breasts. " I did not know you were a pussy eater but we will enjoy
training you whore! As for you Mandy you can have your ugly carcass locked in
here and die for all we care! You may think you are a big cheese here but you
are just scum you thick tart!" Mandy who was a massive woman with thick muscular
arms and a flat ugly face glared back and said, " Yeah! That's what you think
get them!" and before the two fat women could move Mandy had a knife at Pam's
face and Betty one pressed hard against Joyce. Bob looked on amazed and turned
to Fay who with a happy smile smashed her knee in-between his legs and as he
collapsed in pain said, " Foiled you stupid!" As he lay wrapped in pain. Mandy
got Pam's keys and quickly unlocked all the cells shouting, " Everybody out!
Time to have fun and show who runs this joint!" The next few minutes were chaos
as women run everywhere screaming and shouting and sirens blared out until they
were ripped from the walls. Bob tried to get up but again the smiling laughing
Fay kicked him between the legs her boot slamming into his testicles. It was
nearly ten minutes before he recovered enough to move and by then the riot was
in full swing. Pam, Joyce and Bob were flung into a cell by several of the women
and locked inside. For over an hour the three sat as the prisoners jeered and
insulted them until finally calm seemed to return as the wardens had managed to
isolate the block with about forty women inside. Joyce was listening at the door
relaying information inside and shaking with fear. Bob sat stunned and unable
fully to understand why Fay had turned against him. The prisoners were left
surrounded by the wardens in riot gear that knew that the three staff were
trapped. The prisoner's were in two camps those who wanted to carry on and those
who wanted to stop and negotiate or just to leave. Fay and Mandy led the violent
group while Donna surprisingly led the other group with a few others who were
due for release soon. The group led by Mandy were threatening the others but
Donna was standing firm and had already started to talk to the governor.

Then the cell door opened and a group of prisoners armed with knifes entered.
Mandy waved the knife in Joyce's face and said, " The goons will keep off as so
long as we have you three! And girls what a catch two fat whales who enjoyed
attacking us! You bitches are going to suffer as you made us suffer!" Betty
laughed and said, " Yes cunts I am not going down on your sick pussies instead
you are going to eat my shit right out of my arse or I am going to carve your
flabby tits off!" " And even better!" Said Mandy, " A boy toy with a well tested
dick! Nicely set up by Fay to serve us!" And the leering women laughed as Bob
was pulled terrified to his feet. Then Fay approached him and spat in his
shocked face and said, " Welcome to hell darling! I am so going to enjoy
torturing your sad body! Now lets get you naked!" And as he was firmly held she
used the knife to cut his clothes off occasionally drawing blood as she slashed
him. When he was fully naked in front of the jeering women Fay grabbed his balls
and said, " I carefully only took one load out cutie because I knew you were
going to be our special hostage! I am so pleased I do not have to pretend to
care about you anymore! All you are is a nice tongue and a decent wooden stick
to ride on and we are going to ride you to hell and back! Now baby you are soft.
What a shame! Doesn't the idea of being gang raped to death appeal darling?
Shame because that is what you are going to suffer in our hands or do I mean
pussies! Still I am sure we can get you hard you cannot resist my nice mouth can
you! But why should I get on my knees when we have two fat sluts to get you up
for us? Okay you two get naked get knelling and get this bit of filth hard or we
cut your breasts off nice and slowly!" Bob was shocked as he realised that this
was the real Fay talking and she had played with him like a fish on a line. Then
he gasped as the two wardens stripped and knelt in front of him and in front of
the jeering women started to lick his dick. So shocked, terrified and humiliated
was he that it took nearly five minutes for them to get him hard. Then Fay
pushed them off and said, " Finally you ugly elephants have got him up!" Now
slave I do not want you to go soft after only a few hours of service so this
will keep it nice and hard!" And she placed a loop of thick metal wire around
the base of his dick and tightened it up. Soon Bob was moaning as it cut into
him but Fay just laughed and said, "That should hold it up whore boy! You can
come and you can please but sexy no way is that going down until someone cuts
that off you! Of course if it is on to long you lose your dick but after we have
finished with you toy you are going to be useless anyway!" Then Mandy said, "
Nice work Fay! Okay take toy boy next door! And as for you two sluts some of the
girls want to show you just what lesbian rape feels like!" And as Bob was pulled
out he saw the two wardens pressed to the floor by a crowd of women one of whom
Bob saw was pushing her hand up Pam's pussy as the fat terrified woman screamed
in agony.

Bob was flung on a mattress in the middle of a smashed up cell and then he was
tied with a torn up sheet so he was fixed spread-eagled and hardly able to move
as several of the women leered at him. Mandy smiled and said, " Now you will
please all of us however we want and however many times you want! If you do that
we may let you keep your balls! Fail and we will cut them off and make you eat
them! Okay stud Fay says you are worth a screw so lie still I want to come and
come good!" Then the tough evil looking tart pulled her skirt up and gripped his
swollen dick in her hand as she sat down saying, " Yeah! Fay's right a hot dick
is better than a wooden one! Now relax and maybe cutie pie being gang raped
won't be so bad!" As she fed his trapped shaft into her tough and rough pussy
and started to ride him roughly. Bob moaned he was white with shock and the wire
on his swollen member was extremely painfully but worse was the realisation of
how he had been used by Fay. Mandy growled, " Okay girls give a woman some room
to enjoy her toy! Get out and check the goons are not going to try anything!"
And the rest of the pack withdrew several of them including a smiling Fay kicked
Bob as they left.

Mandy carried on riding him and soon she was groaning and moaning as she came.
Then she said, " Your dick works fine stud shame no one is going to enjoy it
after we have finished with you! Okay now pussy licking time! Get me off nice
and gently stud or else!" She moved up him and soon her smelly pussy was
presented to his lips for pleasing. Bob groaned as a foul smell washed over him
but extended his tongue to please the virago as she said, " That it darling lick
me off! I am afraid those cows of wardens could not be bothered to open the
shower room this weekend so our pussies are a little dirty! Still sexy they will
be the nicest things you get to taste!" Then she started to rotate herself on
his mouth as he desperately licked her knowing how important it was for his own
life to fully please the gang leader. Soon Mandy came powerfully and loudly on
him and then quickly she slipped down engulfed his upright member in her strong
vagina and rode him powerfully until after several more minutes she exploded on
top, with a loud scream of pure pleasure. She got off and said, " Nice one stud!
Now relax and wait you have a lot of very desperate women to satisfy. I think we
will keep this rebellion going for a few days until I get fully tired of raping
your cute woodie!" And she pinched his inflamed member hard between her fingers
and with a deep laugh she left.

Quickly two more women entered the room. Both were young and quite pretty one
with short blonde hair and nice pert breasts said, " Nice! My names Pat and this
is Nina." Pointing to the other girl who had black hair and small breasts which
Bob could clearly see as she had removed her top. " We want pleasing baby! Nina
gets first go on your dick but don't think I am going to sit and watch you can
use your tongue to please me as well!" And she removed her skirt and sat her
tight shaven pussy on his face. As he started to lick her he felt his penis
being pushed deeply into a tight vagina and soon he was being ridden again as he
licked the dripping pussy on his face. The two girls ravished him savagely
laughing and giggling as they came several times on his tied body and then they
swapped and Bob was made to kiss and suck on Nina's wet pussy as Pat enjoyed his
trapped shaft. Then he started to get excited himself and as Pat came yet again
on him he came groaning his mouth full of Nina's pussy and juices. However soon
he was sobbing as the wire kept his dick hard and the giggling girls continued
to torment him. For five agonising minutes she ravished him as he moaned in pain
and then finally both vixens were satisfied and with a final session of ball
pinching he was left alone. Next in was a massive black woman who spat in his
face and then roughly bent and fingered his penis before bounding onto top and
forcing him deep into her large strong pussy. Then she rode him her powerful
body smashing up and down until after several minutes she grunted with orgasm.
She did not rest but moved up and he was forced to lick her wet smelly black
pussy clean and then satisfy her with his tongue as she grunted on top. Then she
slipped his swollen member back into her and rode him until moaning she came for
a third time. Finally she spat in his face again and twisted his balls until he
screamed before leaving. During this whole session the woman had not exchanged
one word with him and left Bob feeling like a living dildo as he lay in pain and
exhaustion.

Next in was Fay who stripped her sexy body naked as she said, " Wonderful! I
love to see a male suffering! And you cutie pie deserve to suffer. The fun we
are having is great! The bastards outside know we have you and are terrified we
are going to kill you! Maybe we will! I hope I get to cut your balls off baby
the sound of you screaming in agony as you bleed to death will amuse me for
years! All the time I had to pretend to love you and smile! Still you gave good
sex but scum head I could never love a man all they deserve to do is suffer! If
I ruled the world I would castrate the lot of you and serve you bastards up for
lunch! Now open wide I want your tongue! Feel free to try and hurt me because
then I get to torture your sad arse!" Then she sat on his face and he was forced
to lick her tight pussy as she moaned with delight above him. For twenty minutes
she demanded his tongue as his dick stood firmly upright trapped in its wire and
he groaned as Fay came five powerful times on his tongue her juices running down
his tired face. Then Fay lent forward and started to lick his dick. Bob moaned
as he approached orgasm then screamed in agony as the sadistic tease bent him
and twisted his balls as her teeth dug into him. The wire kept him hard and
vulnerable as she chewed his shaft and squashed his sacs. For several minutes
the white hot pain made him sob and cry until finally she let him go and said, "
Nice now suck me off good darling or its fun time again!" The broken boy
desperately licked her dripping pussy until three more times Fay had moaned with
orgasm. Finally she got off and spat in his face saying, " Not bad darling now
Mandy reckons we can hold out for the week here and by then baby you will be
either dead or mad! No one will know I set you up! Now scream darling!" And she
gripped and twisted his testicles and he screamed in total agony as she laughed
at him.

After her he groaned as the pretty Betty entered she stripped and said, " That
was fun! Those two old cows hated eating shit from my arse but a couple of nicks
with the knife on their flabby breasts and down it went! Now they are licking
pussy and learning just how foul we can be! They are lucky of course that we
have you because a live dick is a novelty for us in here! Its looks lovely and
red! I am glad Fay fixed the wire to it because darling no way would it stay up
without it! However sexy buns I want more I want you to make me come on your
sunshine stick a dozen times but also baby I want you to fill my pussy with
come! Mandy and Fay think we can negotiate our way out of this but I want some
more insurance and being pregnant gets me that! So pleasure for me baby but a
load of spunk or else!" And with that she got on him and forced his inflamed
shaft up her tight hole. Soon the sexy girl was expertly riding him and quickly
she moaned into a powerful orgasm. She rested for only a few seconds then
resumed. Five more times in the next twenty minutes she moaned into orgasm and
then Bob started to feel excited and even the agony of the wire could not stop
him as he spurted spunk into her tight vagina as the sexy minx laughed. However
as she was in control and tied down he could only sob and beg as she continued
to ride him post orgasm until she had come twice more. Then they heard knocking
on the door and she said, " You fan club wants more! Relax with them I will be
back for many more rides! Now I want to show that slut Joyce what my piss tastes
like!"

Next in was Alice a very large black woman. She did not strip but just removed a
massive pair of dirty white panties and with a grunt sat on his face. He licked
her stale hairy pussy as she rotated on his face her massive bulk suffocating
him. When she came her thighs gripped him so tight he could not breath and
groaning he passed out underneath her. He came around to find the massive woman
had moved down and was savagely riding his tender shaft grunting with delight.
She came again with a loud groan and yet again he was presented with her pussy
to lick and again after several minutes she came and he fell unconscious
desperately struggling for air between her sweaty thighs. When he awoke he
moaned as he saw Alice had been joined by Susan another black giantess. She
pulled her shirt off and buried his face in her massive sweaty breasts as Alice
took control again of his trapped dick. He groaned as the massive woman bounced
away her vagina tugging and bending his dick painfully as he struggled to
breathe in Susan's sweaty embrace.  After a few minutes he heard Alice moan with
delight and then it was Susan smashing his shaft while Alice forced him to lick
her massive breasts and then her sodden pussy until she joined Susan in orgasm.
Then as Alice engulfed him Susan stood and ordered the trapped boy to lick her
feet clean. Bob nearly gagged as he licked her feet and after that disgusting
job worse was to follow as she then forced him to lick her armpits the smell
making him choke and nearly vomit. However he was forced to obey and all the
time Alice pounded his poor dick. Eventually Alice screamed with delight as he
cleaned Susan's armpit and finally both women were finished and after giving his
balls a hard pinching they left.

Bob groaned as Donna entered the room but she said, " Still alive? What a mess
this is! I am trying to get us all out of this without loss of life! I always
knew Mandy was mad but Fay has taken the silly cow right over the edge! Now let
me check your dick baby!" She lent down and rubbed him as he moaned and then she
said, " Your dick is suffering that bitch has put the wire on far to tight it
will fall off soon! However if I loosen it you will go soft! So enjoy this
baby!" And she took him in her mouth and started to suck him. Bob moaned and
groaned but was soon excited and was on the point of coming when Donna loosened
the wire. The rush of blood was total agony and for a minute he lay mouth open
gasping in pain. Then Donna resumed licking and his moans turned to pleasure as
she got him close however on the point of orgasm she tightened the wire back on
his penis saying, " The change over will save it for a bit! And I have put it on
better it will keep you up but should not cause gangrene for many hours! Now
relax and try and satisfy them! If you can hold out for a few more hours I think
I can save you! Fail to please and they will kill you!" And with a final sad
smile she left him confused and helpless.

Next in was Sonia a small skinny mousy girl who stripped her disappointing body
naked and clambered on top of him. She forced his tender shaft in her tight
pussy and rode him slobbering over him and biting his neck as she rode. After
about twenty minutes she had come three times and was building up for a fourth
when the door opened and May a much bigger blonde girl entered and said, " Hurry
up Sonia! I want a go and some of the big girls are demanding seconds! Move on
to the toys face I want his dick in me!" And pulled Sonia painfully off him and
pushed her gaping pussy onto his mouth as she mounted him and took control of
his tender dick. Soon both girls were moaning with delight as they used him and
for ten minutes he struggled to please both until finally they seemed happy and
left him alone. However within a few seconds Rita another massive black girl
entered and as she stripped her unappetising body naked said, " Well sexy only a
dozen of us wanted to ride you! The rest are worried about the guards I think!
Or they prefer the two wardens! Those two bitches certainly know the taste of
pussy now! They are giving a nice sex show in the corridor for the girls and
when I have finished on you they are going to perform with you! Now lick me wet
and then get ready to rock!" And she drove her massive pussy onto his tired
tongue and he was forced to lick her stale pussy. After a couple of minutes she
moved and used his dick until three times she had shook with pleasure and then
without a word she left him alone.

He lay exhausted and confused and had time to hear female laughter and realised
it was the prisoners insulting Joyce and Pam. Then the door was pushed open and
about eight of his rapists entered dragging the two guards with them. Joyce and
Pam were naked and seemed to be in shock their flabby fat bodies covered in
bruises and little cut marks. Mandy said, " Nice Bob but that was just round one
of the gang bang! Now these two bitches are going to perform on you! Okay Joyce
on his dick Pam on his face and ladies I want to see him in pain and I want to
see some breast kissing as well!" Bob groaned as the two wardens desperately did
as they were told and was soon moaning under them as the two giantesses used him
and the women laughed and jeered. For five minutes he was used before Mandy made
them swap positions and then after a further five minutes the two women were
forced to lie on him and lick each other pussies. Bob's legs were untied then
pulled over his head and retied so his was left his bottom ominously in the air.
The two guards were forced to lick his bottom clean and suck his hanging sacs
before they were taken away and Bob could hear them being ordered again to go
down on a prisoner. Soon Bob had more serious things to worry about as Fay
smacked his naked bottom and said, " Hey stud! Time for you to find out the joys
of being a woman! Men always reckon bigger is better so this little toy should
make you really happy! We use it on a any girl who goes giving away secrets!"
Bob groaned as he saw Fay was holding a massive thick dildo made out of a wooden
bedpost. Then he screamed, as the monster was driven violently up his back
passage. Fay jammed it in deep then tugged it out and then rammed it back in as
he screamed in absolute agony. Over a dozen times he suffered its ravaging and
by the end he was crying and his anus felt torn and on fire. Fay laughed at him
and produced a thick leather belt saying, " Now darling let me hear you beg!
This whip is going to make your balls sting!" And she raised the belt above her
head and then brought swinging around at high speed its buckle smashing into his
testicles. He screamed but she was merciless and over a dozen times he screamed
until finally Mandy stopped her violent assault on his defenceless body saying,
" Enough of that dear! Some of the girls want his sad sperm remember!" " Okay!"
Laughed Fay, " Last thing stud before we resume the gang bang! A dick looks
bigger naked! Time to say goodbye to that hair!" And with that Fay grabbed a
handful of pubic hair and tugged. Bob screamed again as the sadistic girl ripped
his pubes out. It took her several goes to remove all the hair and by the end he
was bleeding and sobbing as the women laughed. Then he was retied and several of
the women kicked his swollen balls as they left as Mandy leered at him and
stripped saying, " Time to give us seconds stud! We have only just began and if
you fail to please I will let Fay have you to play with!"

Then she got on top and gripped his sore shaft saying, " Still hard baby! The
wire gives you no choice! Okay make me happy!" And rammed him into her pussy and
roughly rode him. He lay underneath her crying as pain rushed around his body.
His groin ached and his balls were swollen and throbbing but worse was the agony
from his torn backside. After about twenty minutes when Mandy had come four
times on him she got off and was instantly replaced by the nameless black woman
and then Nina and then Pat. All three rode him roughly but he was barely
conscious. Then Betty entered she demanded he lick her off and as he did so she
returned the compliment and soon had him feeling excited. Then she ravished him
until he had a painful orgasm under her and spurted his remaining spunk into her
tight pussy. She did not stop but drove on until she had come again laughing as
he begged and twisted under she as her tight pussy rasped his penis in its firm
grip.

He did not think it could get worse but then Fay entered she stripped and forced
him to lick her off as she fondled his dick and after she had come she said, " I
always liked your dick baby in fact to me you were a dick on legs! Shame I have
to damage such a nice woodie stick! Still some of the girls have been
complaining you are nearly asleep as they enjoy you and that will not so cutie
pie! A few blisters will keep you nice and active!" And sitting on his chest she
grabbed a cigarette and lit it. She lent forwards and said, " Where to begin? I
think we will start at the top!" And stuck the red-hot end of the cigarette
against the left side of his penis head. Bob screamed as it burnt him begging
her for mercy. But Fay just laughed and stuck the cigarette on the right side
and giggled as he screamed again. Then she slowly ran the burning end of the
cigarette around the head of his penis for over a minute until the entire
surface had been burnt. By the end Bob was in too much pain to scream but could
only whimper. Fay said, " Much nicer! Now this fag is finished and I need to
stub it out! But where? I know!" And crushed it against his swollen left
testicle. Then she lit another cigarettes and said, " Now for the shaft baby!"
And for two minutes she burnt his trapped penis until Bob could not even whimper
so great was the pain. Then finally she crushed the burning cigarette out on his
right testicle. She gripped his distended balls in her firm hands and said, "
Nice tackle baby! I wonder if they stretch? Let's find out!" And pulled savagely
at them. Bob was soon screaming as she tugged and twisted his balls and for
nearly five minutes she tortured them until finally she seemed bored. Again she
gripped his penis and she started to roughly fist and bend it and said, " Much
nicer! See how much more you respond! Now relax and tell me if you enjoy this?"
And she moved and pushed his red dick into her pussy and started to ride him.
Bob screamed as she ravished him and her hard pussy grated his blistered shaft.
Fay laughed and said, " Oh dear! I guess you are not enjoying it! Still you are
our whore!" And for nearly ten minutes she raped him as he lay sobbing until
three times she had stiffened in orgasm and then she dismounted. Fay spat in his
face and then delivered several hard kicks between his legs before saying, " No
way are you going to survive baby! Either you will have a heart attack or you
will die of the pain!"

After that he was had by May, Sonia and then Susan and Alice together. If he had
been in pain before it was now a hundred times worse and he realised that the
women were soon going finish him off. As Alice and Susan left him having first
forced him to lick their bottoms clean Donna entered the cell. She looked at him
and said, "This has gone far enough!" And opened the door and shouted for Mandy.
When Mandy got to her she said, " You are going to kill this boy and then what
do you think they are going to do? No one will get out of here alive!" Mandy
blinked and Fay standing next to her said, " Who cares! Let him die!" But as she
spoke several of the other women spoke and seemed to agree with Donna that
murdering a hostage would lead to a massive response by the waiting guards.
Mandy waited then said, " Shut up Fay! You said it would be fun to catch a boy
and we could then use him to buy privileges as well as seduce him! But look what
you have done to him! The poor sod is bleeding to death! Okay Donna what do we
do now?" "Negotiate! Our complaint was about several of the guards! We make a
few demands they say no but secretly agree and we get a bit of agro from the
guards as the governor clears the worse offenders out!"  " But what about these
three? We gave Bob a real hard time and those two cows have been given it good
as well!" " They will not want the scandal and will cover it up, you wait and
see!" Mandy nodded and said, " Okay!" But Fay screamed and swore and went to
attack Donna who contemptibly smacked her around the head and Fay fell over. Fay
stood back up still swearing and suddenly turned and smashed her foot full down
onto Bob's balls crushing them under her foot. Bob screamed and was dimly aware
of Donna thumping Fay as he passed out in shock.

When he came around he was in hospital. For several days he lay in a drugged
stupor recovering from being stitched up both internally and externally his
groin and bottom covered in bandages. After about a week several senior prison
officers interviewed him still in his hospital bed he told them what he could
recall making sure to blame Fay as much as possible. A week latter he was
finally out of hospital and was seen by the prison governor before he went home.
She told him the rioters had been punished but gave him no details. Then she
told him she considered him unsuitable for prison work but had arranged for him
to lecture in the local university. However she placed him on sick leave for six
months to fully recover and told him if he spoke to the press about the riot he
would lose his job. Bob realised he was being brought off by the authorities.
However the deal proposed suited him so he accepted. Alexis had visited him in
hospital and seemed full of sympathy for him. However it was over a month before
they resumed having sex and Bob found the only way to get her excited was to
casually tell her about the female prisoners raping each other and then wait for
her to pull him into bed. 

After about three months he was fully recovered. He felt fine and was enjoying
not working and had started to write a crime novel but had not got far. He was
still dating Alexis but worried about her lesbian tendencies. One evening they
were in a quiet bar and looking up Bob shuddered, as walking towards them was a
familiar figure. It was Donna her dark hair had been cut and fashioned but her
body was still as massive as ever and dressed in a low cut expensive top her
breasts were exposed to the gaze of any man brave or foolish enough to take her
on. She said, " Long time no see Bob! How is my favourite pussy slave!" "Sod
off!" " Now that is no way to talk to a lady particularly one who saved your
life! Without me darling you would have bleed to death on that cell floor! Let
me buy you two a drink and we can catch up on our news!" Bob nodded as he
realised he should be civil to Donna after all she had saved his life. He looked
at Alexis who was staring fascinated at Donna and introduced Donna. Then he saw
Alexi's lips part, as the two women locked eyes, in a familiar look of high
excitement and he realised that most of his stories about lesbian rape featured
Donna. Donna after a minute left and returned with a fresh round of drinks and
sat with them. She did not touch Bob but instead she smiled at and gave Alexis
her attention and Bob gasped as he watched Alexis respond positively to Donna
and Bob knew Donna was doing it deliberately and intended to seduce his
girlfriend.

To dampen things down Bob asked about some of the people who had been involved
in his time at the prison and Donna explained to him fully what had happened
after the riot. The authorities had interrogated all the prisoners and had
quickly decided to cover it up as the mass rape both lesbian and heterosexual of
the hostages would lead to the mass sackings of the prison authorities if it
became public knowledge. Bob had been paid off and Joyce and Pam had been
transferred rapidly after agreeing to remain silent. They had been transferred
to a male young offenders unit and had proved an instant success. After their
enforced lesbian toilet training their perverse tendencies had come fully to the
fore but in their new prison the governor used them fully.  Any of the young
male prisoners who broke the rules risked spending two weeks with them on
special training. Alexis asked what this was and Donna explained that Joyce and
Pam gave them two weeks of sexual slavery. Their poor victim shared his cell
with another unfortunate. Both were kept naked in a padded empty cell and had to
satisfy the fat sluts on demand. Worse they were forced to have gay sex with
each other most of the time the hags were not using them as well as act as the
women's toilets. Bob asked why their victims did not rebel and Donna simply
said, " They get thirsty after a couple of days and will do anything for a glass
of water! Discipline in the prison has improved a 100% as who wants to suffer
that! As we speak two poor saps are desperately screwing each other for the
twentieth time today and contemplating an evening meal of dirty pussy and woman
dung!" Bob shuddered as he sympathised with the women's unfortunate victims and
then as he saw Alexis lick her lips he asked about the prisoners. Donna told
them that most of his attackers had got off with a month without privileges.
Mandy and Betty had lost parole and spent a month locked together in a small
cell before both had been transferred to Angela's wing. A fight had taken place
between the two women gangs that had ended with Mandy in hospital with a knife
in the chest and Angela getting a transfer and a year in solitary. Donna added
that no one had managed to get pregnant from him and laughed as she told him she
reckoned that was because he was so stressed out. Bob glared both saddened and
relived by this news and asked about Fay. Donna smiled and said that Fay had
taken the main blame not only for starting the riot but also for assaulting him.
The authorities had added five more years to her sentence and then decided she
must spend at least the next three in special solitary. Bob smiled and Donna
asked him if he wanted some even more good news and he nodded. Then she told him
Sharon had been placed in charge of the solitary block as the education unit had
been moved to an open area under the cameras. Donna asked Bob if Sharon had ever
tried to cleanse him and Bob nodded remembering his session in her hands. Donna
told them Sharon regarded Fay as the spawn of a devil in need of serious
cleansing and as the authorities blamed Fay for the riot they were happy to let
Sharon have her way with her. Sharon kept Fay chained and naked and forced her
to spend twelve hours a day on her knees praying. Every morning and evening she
gave Fay a cleansing using her whips to beat and rape her with. Fay's body was
apparently a mass of bruises with her breasts a swollen blue mass. Bob smiled
thinking of the woman who had deceived him suffering at the sadistic hands of
Sharon.

Happier now they had another drink and then Donna told them she lived near by
and did they want a night-cap. Bob wanted to say no but Alexis instantly said
yes so along they went with Donna gripping Alexis by the arm. They got to a
large house owned by Donna and were let into a very richly furnished room. Bob
asked Donna what had happened to her and Donna laughed and said she got the
credit for ending the riot and had spent a couple of months in an open unit
before her early release. She told them that just before her arrest she had
managed to transfer most of the money she had made from her massage parlours and
drug deals into a chain of fashion boutiques and during her imprisonment they
had done very well. Bob nodded drinking the whisky she had given him and
suddenly he groaned. He could not move and realised that Donna had drugged him.
Donna smiled and said, " Oh yes sexy! Now since my release I have had you
followed and investigated and tonight is the sting! I am a strong rich woman
with a very powerful sex drive! I like both men and women but now I want to
settle down but do I settle down with a boy or a girl? No it is simple I settle
down with a matching pair of love toys! Now Bobbie watch this!" Then she turned
to Alexis and as Bob watched unable to move she grabbed her and dragged her
close. Alexis did not resist as Donna ripped her clothes off and was soon naked
in her arms. Donna said, " You want to submit to a strong woman girl! I am that
woman and together darling we will keep little Bobbie under control! Now
normally girl you will orgasm from Bobbie's dick or tongue! But to start with I
want to taste you!" Then she pushed the sexy girl to the floor and opened her
legs. Alexis lay silent as Donna lent forward and then Donna licked her tongue
across Alexis's vagina. Instantly her tongue touched Alexis went rigid and
screamed at the top of her voice her whole body shaking and as Donna flicked her
clitoris she passed out.

Donna left her lying unconscious on the floor and walked towards Bob saying, "
See baby that is what the girl wanted! Now I am going to own you two as my
personal love pets! Let's get you naked and tied baby! I want to see if you have
healed or if Fay did permanent damage!" She ripped Bob's clothing and as soon as
he was naked she groped him as he sat unable to move. Then she pulled naked next
door into a big bedroom dominated by a large double bed. The bed had chains on
its massive posts and Bob was expertly tied to the bed. Donna said, " The drug
will wear off in a few minutes darling and then we can have some real fun! Now
when I had you in prison you loved Fay and believed she loved you! However that
bitch just wanted to kill you however baby from the moment I first saw you I
wanted to have you! Such a cute innocent boy needing to be controlled by a
woman! The price Fay charged to let me screw you was massive but worth it baby!
Now tonight she is enjoying the taste of Sharon's whip and pussy and you sexy
are going to please my strong pussy! And even better with a nice sexy submissive
girlfriend! Now you belong to me don't worry sexy I will look after you but you
are mine! Now wait here baby Alexis has recovered from her orgasm and I have to
introduce her to her new world of lesbian service as my slave!" And with a final
passionate kiss she left him. Bob lay feeling life come back into his limbs.
Then he heard Donna moan in orgasm and realised she had seduced Alexis into
licking her and then within seconds the sound of Alexis herself screaming in
passionate orgasm. Then for over thirty minutes it was silent.

Suddenly Alexis entered the room and Bob gasped. She was dressed in pink
stockings, suspenders and a baby doll nightdress. She said, " Do you like? Donna
likes her toys to wear this so from now on we both will dress like this to
entertain her!" " Alexis be sensible we do not want to be her slaves!" " Yes I
do! I have never fully enjoyed sex until tonight! I want to serve her and you
are going to as well! The authorities are already wary of you and Donna has some
friends in the police. How would you like me to claim rape? Ten years inside
sound like fun? Instead Bob we can spend the rest of our lives serving her! No
need to go to work just to obey and make her happy! Now Donna wants me to get
you excited for her so enjoy!" And the sexy girl lent forward and started to
suck his dick. He was instantly hard and found it difficult to think as she
licked him. She broke off and said, " I never was very good at this but Donna
tells me it a matter of practice.  She has ordered me to spend several hours a
day learning how to use my breasts, mouth and hands to excite and please you.
Sometimes to orgasm and sometimes to tease you to distraction she will decide!
Does that appeal?" And Alexis rang a bell by the bed.  Donna entered the room
her massive body naked and climbed on the bed and said, " Okay Alexis I want
your pussy on his face and your tongue on my breasts!" Alexis sat on his face as
Donna engulfed his dick and started to ride him. Soon her was licking the tight
wet vagina of Alexis as Donna enjoyed his dick and the occasional sight of
Alexis sucking Donna's massive breasts excited him even more. Donna came and
carried on and as she exploded for a second time both Bob and Alexis did as
well. Donna used her powerful vagina to force him to stay hard and got Alexis to
dismount and lick his balls and her bottom as she rode him until she enjoyed a
third orgasm. By then Bob was hard again and Donna got off and said, " Okay girl
your turn!" And Alexis was pulled onto his upright dick and Donna massaged her
pert breasts as she bounced away on top. Donna said, " Excellent girl! Now after
this ride I will get my strap-on and ravish both of you! Alexis I will have both
your holes but Bob you get twice as long on my love stick! Then Girl I want you
to start practising your strap on technique on Bobbie boy. You are going to
become an expert at all forms of lovemaking using toy boy as your model!" And as
she spoke she slipped her hands between the heaving girl's legs. Alexis exploded
on Bob and her orgasm was so strong she passed out and would have fallen if
Donna did not catch her. Donna laid her down next to Bob started to fist his
dick as she saw he was close to coming and said, " See baby! Your girl wants to
serve me and so shall you! From now on baby you are the prisoner! You will wear
a uniform of stockings suspenders and a sexy pink nightdress. Most of your time
you will be tied to this bed but you will never leave this house. You will obey
orders instantly and be punished if you do not and you will be forced to engage
in nearly constant sexual activity either with me or with Alexis as I demand!"
Bob started to come and Donna milked him as his world spun saying, " One final
thing darling! This is a life sentence without any hope of parole!" And as he
passed out in her firm grip he knew he was trapped, as the amazons love prisoner
until the day he died.

The start/end.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  neverman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





