BDSM Library - Gutter Slut




Gutter Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young slut that truly loves sex. She fucks and sucks for the thrill, and dosn't play games. If you saw her on the street with her small skirt and tight tee shirt, you would think she was a slut, what you wouldn't know is how much of a slut. This story pulls know punches, it gets right into it.
                                   Gutter slut

   A day in the life of a gutter slut... I woke up with dried cum all over my
body. I must have past out during my gang-bang. Yesterday was a typical day for
me. I'm a thirteen year-old slut. I live with my perverted father and well hung
brother. I have a Great Dane named, Stud. Moreover, I fuck all of them.

   I woke up yesterday with Stud licking my loose, sloppy, pussy. I spread my
legs to let him get at my asshole. Dad walked in my room dressed for work.

   "Move Stud, I'm late for work," said Daddy pushing the dog out of the way.

 I'd been sucking Daddies big cock every morning for as long as I can remember. 
I sat up, unzipped Daddies pants, and fished out his big eight-inch dick. I deep
throated his dick and licked his balls in one move. Daddy moaned; he loved when
I did this to him. As I sloppily deep throated Daddies cock, he told me what
he'd planed for latter.

   "I want you to be home by six tonight; I've invited the guys over for another
of your famous fuck parties," said Daddy, his hands on the back of my head
slamming his eight-inch baby maker deep into my throat.

   I let Daddy fuck my throat until he came, shooting his load deep into my
belly. I watched Daddy zip up his pants and said, " that was great Daddy, but
about tonight I was going to go down town and work the bookstore." That was when
I sucked dicks through a glory-hole in a video booth in the back of an adult
bookstore. I usually made a few bucks their, Dad knew all about it.

   "The boys are willing to pay for your time, you know that," Daddy said
picking up his briefcase.

   "It sounds like fun, I'll be here at six ready to fuck, bye Daddy," I said as
Daddy smiled and walked out of my room. I looked at Stud; he was wagging his
tail knowing he was next. After sucking Daddies cock, my pussy is always
dripping. I gave Stud a sexy smile and jumped on my hands and knees. I knew he
would not be gentle so I put a couple of pillows against the headboard. Stud
knew this was an invitation and quickly mounted me. He is so big his cock has
little trouble finding my cunt. He throws his nine-inch doggy cock into me so
hard he would kill a normal thirteen year-old girl. A big pussied slut like me
loves being used as everyone's fuck hole, and I cum and cum the entire time Stud
is pounding away. After a few minutes of steady slamming my cunt, Stud fills me
with his dog cum. Stud jumps off the bed to lick himself clean in the corner. I
remain on my hands and knees for a minute. That is the site that greeted my
brother when he opened my door; my ass in the air, cum running down my legs from
my puffy, red, sloppy, cunt. I turned my head when I heard the door open. He was
standing there naked as the day he was born. I shiver with excitement every time
I see his magnificent cock. It was growing down his leg, probably from looking
at my dripping pussy. My brother's cock is too huge to point up when it gets
hard. When it is hard, it reaches his knees and is fatter than his forearm. I
put my head down and reached back to grab my butt cheeks, spreading them wide
open for my brother's gaze. He loves eating my freshly fucked pussy. I felt him
pulling my super fat labia apart and sticking his tongue deep into my used
pussy. After licking most of Stud's doggy cum out of my cunt I felt his lemon
sized dick head enter my big pussy hole. He grabbed my shoulders and pushed. I
screamed with pleasure as his tree trunk slowly filled my cavernous cunt. When
his cock is completely filling my cunt, it feels like a fist. I should know my
cousin Tina fist-fucks my cunt to her elbow, whenever she comes to visit. My
brother's huge cock begins to move in and out of my battered pussy.

   "That's it, fuck my pussy big brother. Fuck it harder," I said felling his
giant dick sawing in and out of my distended cunt. My pussy is getting a workout
this morning and I love it. My orgasms started coming quick. "FUCK ME, FUCK ME,
- HARDEERR," I screamed as I slipped into orgasm overload. I don't know how long
my brother fucked me, but when he came I looked up to see I'd been having an
orgasm for ten minutes. My brother lay down next to me and we quickly passed
out.

   We awoke a few hours later. I got up and dressed.

   "What are you doing today sis," my brother asked.

   "I thought I'd go to the mall and suck some dick," I told my brother while I
put on my tight blue jean short shorts. The crotch was so small my fat pussy
lips hung out in front while my ass hung out the back. Slutty I thought. "You
want to go with me," I said knowing my brother likes to suck dick sometimes.

   "No thanks, I'm going next door to fuck Mrs. Simms," said my brother watching
me dress.

   "Is she able to take that big dick of yours yet," I said putting on a too
small tee shirt with slut embroidered on the front.

   "She can now, - ever since you gave her that big dildo to practice with,"
said brother.

   I was given a dildo last time I went to the sex shop. After I fucked the shop
owner for a new bottle of lube, I pointed to the dildo in the display case and
told him it looked like my brother's dick. The shop owner didn't believe anyone
could have a dick that big. He said I could have the dildo if my pussy could
take the whole thing. I'm not one to turn down a challenge so I sat on the
thirteen-inch monster and my giant pussy swallowed it with ease. I gave the
dildo to Mrs. Simms the next day. I didn't need a dildo when I was getting the
real thing every day.

   As I left the house, I told my brother he could feast on my pussy tonight
after Daddies party. I walked down the street in my slut clothing, hoping for a
ride to the mall. A car stopped. An older distinguished man asked if I needed a
ride. I jumped in and we were off.

   "Thanks for the ride mister," I said licking my lips and stroking my fat
pussy lip that was clearly visible hanging out the small crotch of my short
shorts. I waited for the man to comment.

   "I was thinking maybe, - I could, - I mean you can."

   "Suck your cock while you drive me to the mall, is that what you were
thinking," I said saving him from trying to find the words. Some people don't
know how to handle a slut like me, and they are at a lose for words.

   "Yes that would be nice," said the stranger.

   I was on my hands and knees unzipping his pants in know time. He had a nice
long cock that I deep throated right away. I think he was a little shocked such
a small girl could take all of his cock. He screamed when he came and blew a
huge load down my throat.

   The nice man let me out at the food court. I walked by a few tables and let
everyone see my slut ass. A few of the guys that worked in the mall noticed me.
After I made a few laps around and I felt I had enough attention. I headed for
the bathrooms. Not afraid, I walked in the men's room and headed for my favorite
stall. I closed the door and stripped. I love being totally naked in the toilet
stall while I suck dick through the hole. It didn't take long for someone to
enter the stall next to mine. The guy must have been a regular customer because
he put five dollars through the hole right away. I took the money and a big
black cock came through the hole. I'd seen this cock before and I knew what he
wanted. I deep throated the big cock and pressed my lips to the wall of the
toilet stall. He started to fuck my face hard. My fingers went to my clit. I
must have an erogenous zone in my throat. Every time I am throat fucked I cum.
The black dick fucking my throat didn't last long, (they never do) he blew his
load down my throat, thanked me and left. I leaned back stroking my clit and
catching my breath waiting for my next customer. The next guy stepped into the
glory-hole stall, presented five bucks and I went to work.

   After five men had covered my face with cum it dripped down my chin onto my
chest. Someone had installed a mirror soon after I began sucking cocks their. I
looked at the full-length mirror on the back of the stall door; I looked like
such a slut. They must have thought it would turn me on to see what a slut I
was, - they were right. I loved looking at myself dripping with cum of the
faceless strangers. After a few more dicks I'll take a short break to stare at
myself with all the cum that is dripping down the front of my little body. I'll
pinch my nipples and rub cum all over my chest. Soon another customer is begging
me back to the hole.

   I was rubbing my clit to another small orgasm when a black man put ten
dollars through the hole.

   "I want some of that little pussy babe," said the faceless hand holding ten
dollars.

  "I don't know mister, I am kinda saving my pussy for a gang-bang I'm having
latter," I said, even thou my swollen pussy wanted dick more than anything.

   "Come on sweet thing I'll make it twenty," said the eye, staring at me
through the hole playing with my fat and ready cunt.

   "Ok mister its all yours," I said backing up to the hole. I'm such a slut, I
should have known. I couldn't suck all those cocks without wanting to fuck a
few. With my ass firmly pressed against the cum stained wall. My pussy couldn't
wait for the dick any longer.

   "Hurry up mister, my pussy can't wait much longer," I said sliding my fat
pussy lips up and down on the slippery wall. "OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH," I screamed when
I felt the guys dick slide into my wet and ready cunt. I pressed my hands
against the opposite wall for leverage. I guessed the cock to be ten or eleven
inches long. The way he was giving it to me, I could tell he was trying to hurt
me. Even a thirteen year-old girl fucked on a regular basis would scream in pain
to this guys big dick slamming their little pussies.

   "Take that dick you slut. You fucking cunt. You deserve being fucked like
this gutter whore," the man said to the wall as he slammed his dick through the
hole.

   I egged this guy on, "Fuck it mister, harder my cunt can take a bigger dick
than that. You can do better than that, - can't you mister." I said, giving the
man a hard time. Suddenly he pulled out.

   "Don't move whore. I'll kill you if you do," he said, scaring me, a little.

   I felt whatever he did to me I deserved. I pressed my ass hard against the
wall, my submissive side coming out. I was looking forward to the abuse my pussy
was about to suffer. Then it came. He put his fist against my lubed cunt and
said.

   "Don't move that sloppy cunt bitch."

   I pushed my cunt hard against the big fist as it pushed into me. I screamed
as orgasm after orgasm hit me. The guy causing me so much pleasure thought he
was now hurting my pussy. I let him have his fantasy.

   "Please stop it hurts mister," I said hoping he wouldn't. If this guy only
knew my cunt had been getting this kind of abuse for years, he would have known
my huge pussy could take it easily. The fist fucking went on for a while with me
cumming the whole time. After he finished punishing my cunt I sucked a few more
cocks and went home.

   It was five o'clock when the taxi dropped me off in front of my house. I had
an hour to clean the cum from my body before Daddies party. My face dripped with
the slimy goo. My tee shirt was soaked in cum stains. I looked like the super
slut that I was. When I entered the house, I was surprised to see Daddy and his
guests. Four men I'd fucked before and three I'd never seen.

   "See I told you guys she was a super slut," Daddy said to the men who were
all staring wide eyed at me dripping with cum.

   "Give me a minute and I'll clean up for you guys," I said watching the guys
undress for the party.

   "I don't think they can wait for that baby," Daddy said as one of the men
grabbed me.

   For the next couple of hours, these seven men fuck me hard while Daddy sat
and watched. My swollen pussy went numb from all the attention it was getting. I
finally passed out from orgasm over load.

   And that was a typical day for me. It makes me horny knowing there is not
another girl in the world as slutty as I am.


                            This one went a little long. - Send comments about
other story sites that tell about sluts. I love sluts and wish there were more
of them. Thanks.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ric


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





