BDSM Library - Cruel Imagination




Cruel Imagination
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Its a Personal story of a mistress that i really adore... this is her mind work....About how she likes to torment her submissive.
Cruel Imagination

Again I was with him in my bedroom. And my mind was swirling around with lots of
fantasies, lots of thoughts about how he submitted to me when we were in the
car... and than, how I wanted to show him my cruelty again for the rest of the
night... Though he knew it already, he was always ready to submit more n more...
to please me immensely.

 I had blindfolded him and bound him on chair, naked, hands behind the back and
ankles bound to the chair-legs. Not so tight to strain his movements, not so
loose to let him feel free. He was calm on the outside, waiting for my dominance
to take charge again. A smile formed on his lips when he felt my fragrance
behind him, my hot breath brushing his earlobe. I whispered slowly as my fingers
gripped his shoulder, " I'm still burning..." I ran my left hand down on his
chest, feeling his heartbeats on my fingertips. I clutched his nipple between my
fingers and pinched tight...

 He moaned a soft, " aaaaaahhhh", throwing his head back. He definitely knew how
to push my buttons. I moved around and stood in front of him, slowly coming
near...I let my fingers brush his lips slightly and I straddled his lap.

 He kissed my fingertips softly, with a moan as he felt my wetness on his
thighs...my fingers made their way to his hairs, pulling his head back firmly. I
moved my self on his lap, coming more close, almost making his hard member enter
me but not actually letting ... he moaned and whispered, "YOU are burning me..."
I took a deep breath, more aroused at his words.

 I nibbled at the side of his cheek, sucking softly...taking smooth skin between
my teeth, biting with passion. Suddenly I bit hard...felt his body first tensed,
than relaxed under me. I moved my face away from him, watching the red mark
going purple. I came near again... my lips touching the mark... he tensed and
squirmed expecting- may be I bite there again to draw blood...I chuckled softly,
leaving just a kiss.

 It was all for me more than it was for him...he knew that. That's why he was so
gracefully submissive to me whenever I wanted him to be. Even I never had to
tell him when I wanted ... just a glimpse of the fire in my eyes or just a catch
of lil difference in my tone, and he always knew it... Almost reading my mind.

 I clenched my fist tight into his hairs... he flinched with discomfort. I
quickly kissed him on his lips. He tried to respond my kiss very eagerly but I
moved away holding him still with my grip in his hairs. He understood what I was
doing, he replied with a soft "please".

 I whispered with a smile, "Beware my dear, my fire WILL harm u. May be, by
tomorrow morning, there will be nothing left than ashes."

 He again whispered, "please."

 "Tell me what you want?"

 "Please... burn me." he replied again, unbelievably reading my mind.

 No words were spoken than, as my lips were clamped on his, stopping his talk.
Long wet kisses took place, my other hand reaching down to touch him. I held his
hard cock, squeezing tightly. He moaned in-between the passionate kisses, making
me wet more so ever. I pulled his head hard backwards. Leaving a trail of wet
kisses on his neck. Going more down, I licked, sucked, bitted... all over his
chest. Possessing all that was now *mine*. I was on my knees in front of the
chair by that time. Than I stopped and took a silk scarf, wrapped it around his
hard cock and balls, trapping them, making the knot tightest. His moans were
getting more intense after that. I stroked his cock, licking at his inner thigh,
making him gasp with sudden pleasure. Out of the blue, I bit hard on his thigh,
leaving one more mark, converting his moans of pleasure in moans of agony.

 I smiled and stood up watching him. He relaxed once more. I made a forward move
again, sitting on his lap, this time taking his cock inside me in a single
thrust. He moaned loud as he felt my wetness surrounding him. I kissed him,
moving my self in slow motions... taking my pleasure. He wasn't able to orgasm
coz of scarf, thus his moans were changing into grunts and whimpers eventually.
His painful sounds were making very arousing effects on me. I was going more
rough, drawing out more agonized groans from him. Every sound making me dripping
wet...I grabbed his nipples with both of my hands, squeezing them painfully
tight. I bit hard on his neck with pure lust, n he let out a scream... ...I
came... very strongly, shuddering on his lap. My mind turning very alive as I
had orgasm and than it turned blank. I wrapped my arms around his neck, holding
him close, getting my composure back.

 I untied his hands, But dint take the blindfold off. As soon as his hands got
free he hugged me back, not bothering to get off the blindfold. I smiled and
took it off, looking at him adoringly. After some seconds his eyes adjusted to
the light and he looked at me with pure love. I kissed him again and told him to
get all the restraints off.

 I stood up and went away to the closet. He was bent forward, untying his ankles
when I came back. I had a belt in my hand that I folded double and running my
fingers over it. He finished untying and stood up. He looked at me, with a lil
bewilderment of what I wanted to do next. I smiled with a comment, "I'm not
quite finished yet with you..." 

 He swallowed hard, thinking where this was leading.

 I took a step coming closer...tracing the curves of his face with my fingers...
asking with a stern voice, " I'm sure u really didn't think u could get out of
it, THIS easily, did you?"

 He remained confused for a minute, but than he gave into me. He glared at me
with devotion holding his wrists together, offering them to me. I was so pleased
at his response. I ran my fingertips along his wrist, replying, "No need. Go and
lay face up on the bed. Hands and legs stretched wide. And Stay absolutely
still."

 He did as I told. Accepting the change of my tone. Playing with the belt in my
hand, I moved near as he positioned his self. I nudged his ankles more apart in
my desired position, leaving him stretched open for me. I cracked the belt in
air and he clutched the bed sheet in his palms, tensing his body, preparing for
my cruelty.

 I took aim and gave a harsh blow at his open thighs, missing his groin by just
inches. He grabbed the bed sheet tighter, closing his eyes, moving his head to
the other side with a throughout shudder and a loud whimper. Gosh, I was wet
again. The next harsh blow and it was directly aimed on his groin, which was
still bound with tht scarf. Involuntarily he let out an agonized scream and
moved his hands to hide his genitals.

  I suddenly rolled him over on his front, while his hands still held his
privates. With my knees on his ass-cheeks, I pushed him hard on bed. I swiftly
looped the belt around his neck, pulling at the ends, pulling him up. Due to the
pushing at his back with my knee, he wasn't able to use his hands, even for
leverage. And the belt was roughly gripping his throat tight; so breathing was
becoming tough for him. I pulled him more up, He fought for air as I whispered,
" STAY STILL... I had told u, there would be nothing left than Ashes..."

His struggling was more than real this time; he was scared at my dark side. I
let go of the belt and he collapsed hard on bed. I took the belt away. Standing
up, I warned him again not to move. A shudder passed through him as I laid a
hard lash on his butt. He gripped bed sheet in his tight fist again, tensing his
body moaning loud, recalling in his mind not to move. He was looking so
wonderful like that. More ten lashes like that and he was biting down on the bed
sheet to muffle his screams.

  His ass cheeks were getting a nice shade of dark red. I stopped for a while.
He tried to relax thinking it was over. But unfortunately I had decided to
prolog his misery. I told him to roll on his back again so I could restart what
I exactly wanted to do. This time his fear was unnerving him. Fear of what I
might do if he unknowingly moves responding the lash of the belt. He rolled
over, his tear strained face pleadingly looked at me, begging silent pleas. And
my emotionless face, only filled with cruelty, made him shiver. He could make
out only this words, "please..."

Aaahh. He was straight touching my brain. I ignored his plea and went to closet
to get some shackles n ropes. When I came back I heard him squirm, with moans as
his lash marks rubbed on bed. He was positioning his self, as I wanted him. He
was so wonderfully submissive to me even though he was damn scared.          

I slowly moved closer to him. He was watching me helplessly, as I bound his
ankles more wide apart to the bedposts. I got on my knees on the bed, this is
when he first time noticed the biggest strap-on I was wearing. Now his fear was
doubled. I made a loose knot around his neck, binding his wrist together with it
at shoulder-to-waist length. He understood my intentions once more. I made the
knot like that if he try to move his hand down to protect, he would choke down
his own self to death with that tightening knot. And he closed his eyes tightly
shut, to Avoid believing my harshness. I grabbed his balls firmly tight with a
whisper, "Look at me" he shot his eyes open at strong pain, his eyes filled with
tears as I moved down to kiss on his lips to say " I DO love u a lot..." 

I stood up and took my belt into my right hand. He bit on his lip hard, tensing
his body, trying to be ready. I gave out lashes n lashes on his thighs... on his
balls... on his cock. Several times, He unknowingly tried to move his hand down
to his groin and than struggled really hard at the lack of air until I loosen up
the knot at his throat. He was all sweated up, almost crying out with pain when
I stopped... and I wasn't even near to 'finish'.

I throw the belt away, and got up on bed between his open thighs. I ran my nails
along the welts and he screamed at this. I laughed as I positioned my strap on
at his vulnerable rosebud. He tensed up trying to go away from me. I said out
loud, " Impale Ur self on me , push Ur self down as a fucking slut u are."   

He cried out load in the dark of the night, don't know which one was more
affecting him, my mental assault to him, OR the pain that my huge strap-on was
giving to him when he tried impaling, OR the pain shooting from the rubbing of
the back marks while moving down. I just saw that Combined effect lead to a
knock out as he cried out. He took my strap on inside almost 2/3 of it. I laid
on him, pushing at his shoulders to push him further on me... forcing him take
me all the way in, buried to hilt.

He moaned aloud at unbearable pain, so did I as a spark like current passed
through me coz of the stimulation. I stayed still for a second and roughly
started taking him, moaning louder with each stroke. He bit his lips hard,
drawing blood by his own, as my thick *cock* made it way inside, stretching him
open. I pulled at his wrists down, choking him with the knot, almost killing
him. He knew better, he tried to relax ... more the knot got tighter the more he
tried hard to relax, just looking into my eyes with tears, almost begging. His
breathing was becoming shallow...strained. I watched him, I watched him struggle
to his best. I watched him fight to death...he relaxed n relaxed more... n than
closed his eyes with pure acceptance. He opened it for a second to look at me
like a last look, with love and more love...just love and nothing else.

Gosh, it hit me, like hell. I orgasmed n I cut off all the ropes in a quick
second, hugging him closest to me. He took deep breaths, and held me tighter, as
I showered him with kisses. He kissed me back slowly as he get composed again.
He was coughing softly as he asked for some water. I took the shackles off his
ankles and went to get some water. When I came back with a glass, he was already
drifted off to sleep, totally exhausted, curled up in a ball, hugging a pillow.

I smiled and put the glass on nightstand. I lay besides him, moving closer,
taking him in my arms. He shook slightly as his marks came in contact with my
body. I kissed him, holding him delicately, as thoughts fumbled around in my
mind...

I knew he wouldnt be hearng me still i said out this words softly as a tear
formed in my eyes, " My love...my inspiration... ... and My ADDICTION!!




            || The Cruel Imagination 2 ||

       We were together once again in my car...

       I was in an overdrive of lust. Passion filled the air as I stop the car
at a remote place away from public eyes. I forced him in the back seat of car
once again... He was laying on the back seat, looking at me half-sitting up at
his elbows, with a smile... so inviting... I moved forward, grasping his hairs
and pulling back hard... he shuddered and let out a moan, which I muffled by my
intense kiss... he closed his eyes and did not struggle to my probing.

     I stopped to look at his beautiful face... and than kissed him more
passionately this time... biting down... drawing blood....   he grunted in agony
that instantly made me wet. I just knew I loved him so  much more than before!  

     I slipped my hand down to his crotch and grabbed his balls firmly.
Squeezing them hard, making him gasp for breath. I whispered in his ear, "sshhh
my slut... scream into my ear Softly". And Harshly twisted his balls through the
cloth of his pants. I pulled him nearer by pulling at his hairs. Now we were
laying cheek to cheek, his mouth near my ear, his warm breath touching my
earlobe. I relaxed my grip on his balls and heard him sigh softly in relief...
but it intensified when I twist harder again.

      I made him scream.. A soft strangled scream... I was so turned on by now,
I took his earlobe in my mouth and bitted down on it, Feeling his reflexes to my
touch. My painful grip on his scrotum and my teeth on his earlobe made his eyes
fill with tears. It touched my  cheek and I watched him fascinated as another
tear ran down.

     I licked the tear, saying, " I like the taste of your submission.. "
Overwhelmed by all, he did not reply me just closed his eyes ...

       I, than, unzipped his pants and reached down through the
opening...burrowing down in his briefs, confidently possessed my *property*
which was warm and eager for my touch. Squeezing hard I wrenched it out through
his trousers into the cool air. Wave of sheer sadism run down by body as I look
at his agony filled face. I cruelly scratch down on length of his shaft by my
nails... he opened his mouth in scream of pain but I reacted fast enough,
clamping my palm on his mouth, cutting off his scream and at the same time
pulling upwards on his foreskin hard, Stretching it to its limit... pushed it
down again to reveal the pink vulnerable head, pinching it between my forefinger
and thumb. I loved the way he was so reactive to me... to the sensations I was
giving.

       I pushed his hardened member flat against his stomach, pointing upwards;
Swiftly clutched his scrotum again, feeling the twin plum in their sack. Rolling
them in my palm menacingly, I whispered in his ear, " Beg for the pain... beg
for it now slut, beg for my domination." He whimpered and squeezed his eyes shut
avoided looking into mine. I slapped him across his face forcing them open
again. He looked at me with a pinch of fear, and shock. I slapped his balls hard
once again... he twisted in pain on the seat. His hand reached down to cradle
his privates, a vein strive to protect his self from me. 

       I leaned back letting him recover from the pain, eyeing his reactions
closely. He twisted sideways, his face towards the back of the seat. I just
looked at him as he managed to get his composure back again in some minutes. His
body language was giving me invitations to do many things though I saw pain in
his eyes. I slipped my hand to his waist... nearly ripping his trousers down...
pulling it to his ankles. Left him in his tight briefs, which clearly accentuate
his ass. His submission to me was making me more excited... he did not try to
stop me at all. I caressed his ass through the fabric... suddenly started
spanking him... very hardly.

      The sounds of it echoing throughout the car. After about ten smacks I
stopped.

       I asked him, " did you like that my slut?? "

       He didn't respond for a moment, and then I saw an almost imperceptible
nod with a moaned "YESSS" as a reply. To which I pulled down on his briefs, and
exposed his reddening butt... I caress it with both of my hands. I stopped and
grabbed his hair again, pulling back so his neck was exposed to me. I whispered,
" You are my whore-bitch and your ass belongs to me. I can take it anytime
anywhere.. "  I relaxed the grip of my hand       letting him look at me
again... he saw something incredibly cruel in my eyes.

       He suddenly became aware of the scent of leather... I had removed my high
heel and was bringing the spiked heel to his mouth. He understood my intentions
and opened his mouth wide to take it in, tasting the leather as I began stroking
his mouth slow and sensuously. His pained expression making me realize that hard
edge of heel was almost cutting his lips. I took it out when it was fairly lubed
with his saliva. He gasped in relief, as I let go of his hair. I slipped my left
forearm around his neck from behind. Holding him in a choke position. His neck
cradled into the crook of my elbow. I applied enough pressure to scare him
without actually choking or hurting him... he struggled slightly as I leaned
down and whispered "Mine" softly... and a shock ran through him as I prod his
anus with the tip of heel.

       My face buried in his hair as I pushed the boot steadily, driving past
his resisting sphincter. He was tensed and feeling outraged. I felt his
emotions, I whisper softly again, "Relax.. Don't struggle... trust me it  wont
injure you..." he fought hard to remain calm though his heart was beating
crazily in fear... he moaned loudly into my forearm as I pushed       deeper in
him. The leather penetrating through his soft warm tissues to his very core, not
stopping ... he sobbed and prepared for it to touch his gland.

       He felt my palm before his mouth; he realized what I wanted from him. He
licked my palm submissively, trying to distract his self. I threw my head back
as I felt his tongue on my palm and pushed the heel all the way in, rubbing over
his prostate.. He shuddered in my grasp. Tears flowed down his cheek, wetting my
arm.. I held him tight near my heart. I whispered in his ears again, " That's a
good slut, now clench tight n hold it in, accept it as my gift to you.. " he
obeyed and clenched his cheeks around the leather intruder, desperate to keep it
in as ordered.

      I caressed his hair with my other hand, leaving the heel to be kept inside
of him by his own clenched ass... I licked the back of his neck hungrily...
tasting him with my tongue. I leaned back to look at the sight, his pants pulled
down to his ankles...and the leather boot buried in him... his devotion
expressed throughout his body. I felt orgasm reaching me hard... and than it hit
me, very hard. I scratched down his back with my hand, leaving long red welts
down to his hips... moaning loudly as I pulled the boot out of him, making him
moan in agony again...

      I slapped his ass hard once again as I lay over him again. My naked
wetness rubbing over his hips... and reaching for his cock to claim it mine.

       I smiled as I recovered, smiling on the fact that I had a whole night 
with him forward to make him respond to me like this again and again...




            || The Cruel Imagination 3||

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

           One more day passed after that night and I was once again high, like
drugged by his purely intoxicating presence. He was a constant feed to my fire
that kept me burning. And he got to know that lately from me... from my strange
behavior.

   That morning I was awake early, my body wet on bed because of the cold shower
I took just before coming back to lay with him, lying sideways wrapped in my
robe, my body leaned up on my elbow. I was just looking at him, how sweet he was
looking while sleeping. And how he looked sweeter while surrendering his self
last time to me, to my dominance. I couldn't take my eyes off him. Somehow I
felt my fire getting ignited again. It was definitely his effect. I reached his
face with my other hand...running my fingertip along the curve of his lips,
rubbing the almost faded marks of my bites. He unknowingly kissed my fingers and
slipped closer to me, hugging me. I just stayed like that caressing his hairs
with my fingers, trying not to break his sweet sleep. After some minutes he woke
up, squeezed me in his tight hug, smilingly kissing my neck. He dint know I was
once again on different track of mind. I let him kiss me, affectionately holding
him in my arms. A lil guilty of all what I wanted to do to him next for the sack
of my satisfaction.

     I remained silent holding him near, and now he was able to make out the
difference in my mood. He knew what was coming than. He kept the silence
unbroken, looking at me in my eyes with so much love. There was no need for
words... he stood up slowly, I wanted to speak but he cut me off assuring me
that he's coming back in some minutes, just going to freshen up. I stood up too.
As he made his way to bathroom, I went to closet. My eyes had a different kind
of sparkle shining in when I gathered the things that I desired to use, and made
my way to balcony piling them neatly on swing, than sitting besides them
comfortably. I was so lost in my thoughts that I even did not notice him coming
back in room. He found me in balcony; he knew he would find me there. He came
closer with a lil nervousness that he always felt when he was around me
...around my hell dominant persona, nervous as if he won't be able to please me
the way n to the degree I wanted him to. He was standing in front of me now,
freshly bathed. Half covered in bathrobe, his hairs wet n shiny. I got on my
feet slowly, glaring at his muscular form, proceeding to make it a naked one. I
went around him with an aura of loving tenderness, reaching his back. In some
seconds he was totally nude. I pressed at his shoulders, forcing him on his
knees. He understood me completely as he reacted just as I wanted him to, doing
exactly as I was directing. His eyes were now on the same level as the swing,
and he saw the things I took out of closet. A shock of terror passed through him
as he realized there was so much cruelty behind the sweetness I was showing that
time.

     I came before him now, taking the first piece of my well-planned torment in
my hand, the leather collar. Placing it around his neck, I fastened it tight. I
connected long leash to it, and wrapped it around my wrist holding it firm. I
pulled him up to his feet, deliberately jerking. He gave a moan of discomfort,
but did not resist me much with my constantly building desires. I looped the
leash to the hook of the swing, pulling him up on his toes, giving a lot of load
to his straining muscles. He held the leash with his both hands, trying to
lessen the pressure on his neck. As I watched it I grabbed his hairs in my hand,
pulling backwards harshly, and with other hand I held his wrist in my hand,
twisting his arm painfully behind his back. He greeted his teeth, not letting
any sounds out as I whispered harshly in his ears from behind, " Do not
interrupt me..."

    He quietly let me go on then, as I pick up the next thing, the steel chains
with padlocks. I drew both of his wrists to his front, joining them tight with
chain n lock. He tasted the wrist bonds, trying if he can get loose; it only
drove me higher as with every move the chains were rattling erotically, making
beautiful noises. He sighed trying to relax, trying not to get tensed up too
much as it was starting to ache in his neck cause of the weight. But I was not
gonna let him get relax, at least not that time... I picked up the vibrator,
coming near to him. He watched me mesmerized, licking his lips in anticipation
as I showed him that 9-inch long thick pleasure toy. With a sigh of pleasure I
used it in my dripping wetness, coating it with it. He closed his eyes, inhaling
deeply as his ecstasy started to reach higher levels. I moved behind him, making
the tip of vibrator touch between his cheeks. He got hard instantly just as he
felt it. I pried his cheeks open, teasing him brushing the tip hard on his bud.
He moaned with pleasure at that rough contact, rolling his hips down to get more
of that touch. I held his waist tight in my left arm, hugging him close to me,
as I whispered coldly, " that's very greedy behavior for a slut like you...", n
at the same time fiercely pushed the vibrator in. I kept pushing in firmly, and
his moans got intense cause of the pain. I stopped only after the vibe was
almost all the way in. He was breathing hard, sweating by that time. I pulled
the vibe out to the tip and than forced it back in at another angle, this time
stabbing his gland with the thrust, he almost yelled 'ahhhh' at that assault,
tears welled up in his eyes with the duel sensations of pain combined in
pleasure. I again pulled the vibe out; clamping my hand on his mouth, thrusting
the vibe in with a cold comment, "Stop shouting." He broke into short muffled
gasps as I hammered the vibe inside his tight warm passage, burying to the hilt,
rubbing over his prostate, giving him the painful pleasure... the pleasurable
pain. 

    I picked up the other chain, looping n locking it around the base of his
hard phallus, its coldness sending shivers down his spine. A long length of
chains remained hanging down. I first took one end and wrapped it around his
waist, joining it back on at his groin, with another padlock. Then I picked up
other smaller end, passing it between his legs, separating his balls and than
joining the vibe with the chain link, than locking that end to the chain wrapped
around his waist. The chain holding the vibe in place was pulled smugly, making
him feel the pressure on his scrotum n groin. He was all chained up now, no
chance for him to deny me anything after that.

   A short silence with only heavy breathing of him enveloped us together. I
held him close, feeling his moist hot backside close to me. I moaned as the
chain passing through his crack was getting rubbed on my mound and clit when I
slowly moved up n down brushing my hard nipples on his back. I slipped my finger
behind the chain at his crack rubbing slowly; He took deep breaths to somehow
slow down his ready to burst orgasm. I tapped my fingers on outside the vibe; he
felt the shock of it reach to his gland, increasing his arousal. But I turned
his pleasure down in pain, as I held the chain firm, pulling it harsh between
his legs. Tear rolled down as well as a scream as pain shot through him like a
bullet. He opened his eyes when the pain subsided, I was still hugging him
close, completely lost into the orgasm that rocked me when I saw his body react
and heard his scream.

   His eyes were once more on the things left on swing, dreading at the
possibilities of which one I would pick up first to test his endurance. There
were only two set of things left. First was a specially made crop and small
scary alligator clips. And second was a pack of cigarette with a lighter. The
crop was not similar as any simple leather ones. The strips were made of strong
plastic type thread, which are normally used in making tennis rackets. Each
strip was made of three or four threads intertwined n embedded with metal studs
at small distances. And the crop had abt 40 strips in it. That horrible device
made to inflict enormous pain was damn effective as it looked. Sharp teethed
alligator clips had the same effectiveness abt them. The second set - cigarette
pack and lighter were looking simplest and less painful but he was scared of it
too as he knew how creative I could be with its uses.

   To his fortunate I picked up the crop, whose cool metal studs guaranteed the
lasting marks. I stood in front of him, forcing him... opening his mouth to make
him hold the crop. Still with tears in his eyes, he closed his teeth around the
handle of the crop. I got the clips next, taking two of them in my hand, and
placing them on his nipples next...at the same time. He screamed hard arching
his back as the clips bit painfully, clenching his jaws around the handle to
hold steady. I took one more clip, sitting up on my knees I moved near to his
separated balls. He tried to back off a lil, chain clinked superbly and I
instantly grabbed his cheek rough way, drawing him near again. I opened the
clip; he tried to look down with his pleading eyes... his body shaking a little.
I knew what he wanted... I stood up to let him see my eyes, there were those
burning flames in them, but it was strangely comforting him... he knew that fire
was the part of my immense love...he closed his eyes with reassurance n I put
the clip on the stretched skin between his balls. He bit the handle hard with
another muffled scream.

   I got hold of the crop... pulling it out of his mouth, kissing him hard
muffling his scream more. He was still moaning with pain, I caressed him
lightly, running my hand on his back holding him close, making him feel the
false sense of security that I wont hurt him anymore. He knew it better that I
wasn't going to stop till I reach his limits... my limits. But he savored the
closeness wordlessly... closeness, which was rare thing I would let him feel in
my usual high-cruel-dominant drives.

  I pulled my self away from him, fingering the crop I had in my hands. I
reached his backside, trailing the cold strips around his waist on my way back.
He closed his eyes again, a bit relieved that I was leaving his front unlashed.
He waited for the first attack biting his lips in preparation. My mind was
focused on his heavy breathing and the rise n fall of his chest that I was able
to feel on his back too. I ran my hand on his back to his crack, caressing
slowly. I reached the vibe and started it on low speed. His pleasure started
building and I moved to his neck, lapping at back with my tongue, to relax him.
He tried relaxing with a deep sigh, but as cruel as I am... I backed off giving
a furiously hard lash on his butt. He was startled with ever burning pain... and
the studs were showing the effect as small dark red marks started to appear on
his cheeks. He yelped with pain, his body shuddering, he held the leash with his
tied hands easing the threatening pressure his movements caused. He wasn't able
to decide on which he should give more attention, the red-hot pain on his back,
or the pressure on his neck that was getting intense minute after minute coz of
his struggling or the pleasurable sensations the vibe was sending to his hard
dick. I helped him decide as I gave a moderately hard lash on his hands, just
above the elbows. He screamed again, holding the leash tight in his hands, not
moving. He looked at me with tears, begging for mercy with his eyes to at least
let him hold the leash. Words, I guess there was no place for words... he knew
my track of mind. Well, I granted his wish, locking his wrists up with the
leash... on the hook, focusing back on his back. I raised my hand again and
again afterwards, leaving marks of my dominance all upon him. With each lash he
was opening to me, eyes watering up and his voice cracking with painful groans,
feeling his devoted vulnerable soul completely surrendering everything.

      I stopped when my hunger was satisfied momentarily with his well-reddened
ass. His throat was dry after the screaming, and he was choking back on sobs. I
walked around to face him; he stared at me through tear strained eyes ...almost
lost in deep haze of submission. I took the clip off from his balls slowly... he
cried out again with pain as blood started circulating. I took other two clips
off simultaneously, making him feel each ones pain run through his chest as I
was feeling that undeniable hunger again...Tears didn't stop, and he shut his
eyes tight, tensing his body. I sat back on swing, just watching him, feeling
like watching him forever with that glow of submission all over him...

      He was getting content again, his attention back on the frustrating
vibrations. They were stopping him on verge of orgasm, not letting him have the
full pleasure, and even not letting his hard cock soften with the pain he just
received. He found the equilibrium and straightened up his body, trying to
relax, to get used to the vibration. I was still watching him, my fire was still
burning high, it was making me impatient...restless ...I picked up the cigarette
taking it between my teeth, reaching for the lighter. He looked at me n tried to
stop me with a simple plea,

   " Please.. No Ekta."

    He knew abt how dangerously allergic I was to cigarette smoke. And he
dreaded that particular use of cigarette the most, cause it could damage me
severely. Still I picked up the lighter, ignited the cigarette. He struggled
again if he can break free and make me stop. I stood up coming near, inches from
his lips; I exhaled smoke on his face. He closed his eyes again as I moved my
hand between his legs. I smiled devilishly making the vibrator go on high speed
with the reply,

   " Why not??"

  He was speechless for a second, trying to back down the pleasure that was
ready to rock through him... meanwhile he fought hard to find a better reason to
make me stop smoking. He found none that would actually stop me. He knew me
perfectly!!

  " Please, anything else, just don't do this."

  He was getting the right words out. I took the lighter in my hands than,
starting its flame and holding it near the steel chain at his groin, heating up
the chain that would start burning his skin in some seconds. I smirked with the
comment, "Anything??"

  He tensed his body more, his mind flashing between the pain and the
pleasure... that were getting stronger as like a part of same process. He
greeted his teeth and threw his head back after replying me back submissively,
"yes, anything..."

  I threw the lighter away, holding his hairs in my hand n firmly making him
look at my eyes. Cruel, well that word was way too small for what I was having
in my eyes. He shivered as I whispered again, " Than I think u wont mind me
putting this cigarette out ON YOU..."

  He tried to nod but I held him steady. He looked at me, trying to get this
word, " yes...", out between his gasps of pleasurable sensations. Still a bit
threatened as he felt my desire to see him suffer was building up high once
again. 

  I was getting higher ... may be it was the effect of cigarette or may be it
was just him. I whispered coldly holding the burning cigarette between my teeth,
" ...putting it out on ur balls...?!!" he was shocked, couldn't say anything for
some moments, than he tried denying me shaking his head but I held his head
tight in my grip. He looked at me, at my eyes, trying to see if I was saying it
for real... and the look in my eyes made him believe me. He whispered a small
"..No.." shutting his eyes tight. Pleasure was taking him, so as the fear of
what I might do...

  I twisted my grip on his hairs, he flinched his eyes open... I took the
cigarette out from my lips, deliberately moving my hand down to his genitals. He
tried backing off, but I held his waist in my arm, his rock hard phallus
throbbing hard, poking at my stomach. He struggled unsuccessfully, saying no
again n again...

  I stopped for a moment to look into his eyes, saying, " I heard Ur begging.
Now choose between these two options. First, let me put it out on Ur balls and I
wont smoke again. Or second, say no once more and I will definitely finish
smoking this one." My icy cold declaration was scaring him. He wasn't in any
condition to choose. It was getting hard for him to stay sane with this all
going around him. He looked at me with disbelief, as there was always a part of
me that he wasn't able to figure out. I brought the cigarette up to my lips,
coughing cause of the smoke that started to burn and swell my throat badly.

  He closed his eyes, as he softly cried out, " okay... I will take anything.
Just stop smoking." I held him by his hairs again, whispering, " okay than...
stay still..." he opened his eyes with pure submission flowing out, he tensed
his body anticipating the strongest burn that he was going to feel for the first
time in his whole life...

  I was on highest; I touched his hard dick, stroking him softly. He strangely
looked at me, but the next moment pleasure took him off his thoughts. He
orgasmed strong... closing his eyes, groaning loud. The high wave of orgasm
washed through him... After some seconds he opened his eyes again, he was still
seeing the desires. In a way, he expected to see them already. I held the
cigarette tight between my fingers. He prepared his self, biting his bottom lip
hard. I moved my hand down; he maintained the deep eye contact with me. With my
other hand, I stopped the vibe first and he was able to relax a lot after that.
I steadily pushed the cigarette between his legs; he could feel it near, ready
to burn. I moved closer, clamping my lips on his. He passionately kissed me back
... and than he felt the burn, a lot less painful than he thought it would be.
Strangely it was not on his balls, it was on his left thigh. Than also his body
reacted to the heat, he struggled to get away regardless. His grunts and tears
were more than real, as I enjoyed that moment silently feeling his submission
reach its limits, glowing on his face with the pain n tears. I came than with
loud moan, rubbing my self on his. 

  All I needed was his total surrender, acceptance. I knew I was not going to
damage him even if in my harshness I might have said I would. I had rubbed the
cigarette on his thigh putting it off. Even though this was a lot painful, but
it was not near to what it would feel if I would have put it off on his balls.
He was feeling a mix of emotions, happy, confused, crying...exhausted. He had
surrendered to me once again all the way and he was damn proud tht it served its
purpose. I opened the entire bondage on his body in next some minutes. He almost
fell forward as I unhooked the leash. I held him in my arms, silently dragging
him to the bed. I made him lay face down, he stretched his arms holding a pillow
as I moved down to take the vibe out... as I slowly tried to pull it out, he
moaned again, it was a moan of pleasure that did not go unnoticed from me. I
took it out half way and moved up licking at small of his back, my nails
scratching over the red marks. He moaned with pain, a tear rolled down, as he
was confused that I wasn't finished even than.

   I caressed him slowly, this time whispering, "shhh.. I wont hurt
you...believe Me." he relaxed, as I moved up more to kiss and lick his earlobe.
My hand reached the vibe again, this time pulling it out slowly and than
thrusting back in. he was in pain, yes, but it was the source of the intense
pleasure. I kissed the back of his neck saying, " Let go of ur emotions...I love
you... and I always will..." he grabbed the pillow tight, feeling the words I
said deep inside. I started the vibe on slow speed, slowly stroking in n out all
the way, with every thrust sending shocks of pleasure-sparks down through his
spine as my vibe made contact with his gland. Struggle, there was no strength
left for it. He sighed with pleasure as I kept going. I stopped at a second
where I felt he was on the verge of a massive orgasm. He knew what I was doing;
he knew I was back to my normal mood. He couldn't help but smile, as he knew I
was making him beg me. He asked me in slow tone moving his head to look at me
over his shoulder, " Fuck me.." well, I pretended I dint hear him. He repeated
again, his voice deep, " please... fuck me..." I held his neck in the crack of
my elbow, as I slowly rolled him over, he bit his lip with pain as his welts
came in contact with bed. I get on top of him almost, holding his head up,
kissing him hard. My hand back to the still humming vibe inside his bud. I
pulled it out, a lil rough, making it go on hi speed, and started thrusting. He
closed his eyes, moaning with each thrust, his body not so far from orgasm. I
kissed his throat, his neck, going faster, fucking him. He relaxed, letting the
orgasm take him away from pain; his hardness throbbed at the peak of his arousal
and sprayed out his hot semen on my stomach. I took the vibe out, by that time
he was totally spent.

   He held his arms out, trying to hold me close. I hugged him closer, as he
kissed my neck. I was in tears almost. There was no need for words... it never
was, I just held him warmly till he slipped in sleep... spent but satisfied. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Indiandomme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





