BDSM Library - The Pole




The Pole
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: sissyslave has to bind herself in a torturing way. The control is taken over by a Mistress and a Master.
The Pole

This story is not my story, but I will tell it, as if it would be mine.

For a long time I had been without any contact to the S/M stuff, but then I got
that date. It was a date with the Lady that got back in the past, all of my
equipment. We hadn't planned any S/M interaction nor did we have any ever
before, but still I was nervous. Every time I had met her in the past had made
me feel like that and today it was even stronger. Was it some kind of foresee of
the time to come ?

After I rang her bell, it took some time until she opened the door. I almost
fell backwards at the sight that I got. She was dressed all in latex and her
already tall body looked even more impressive on her plateau high-heels. She
greeted me like an old friend and let me in. Inside however she said, that she
had prepared something special for me and guided me to the first floor. There
she some kind of pushed me into the bathroom and told me, that I would find an
instruction on the toilet seat. I was not sure if I wanted that all, but took
the letter and opened it. Then I read it. Read it again and again. After the
forth or fifth time of reading it, I was so hot, that I didn't have a real
chance to deny. Besides some basic instructions for me, she had written in
detail what kind of 'cloth' she had put on today. Yes, I saw, that it was made
of latex, but I had no idea, that deep under the latex skirt there where two
dildos buried inside her and had no idea about the hidden corset that would
support her full breasts. So after reading it again I started to execute the
commands. First I stripped completely nude. Then I put all my belongings
together into a bag that was on the floor, opened the door and placed the bag
outside the bathroom. Then I got under the shower. After showering very well I
dried myself and used the hairdryer to completely dry my body and hair. Actually
already at that time I was helpless, because I had no cloth, but as I could
still move freely, it didn't feel that way. Now I had to open the door again and
as it was written, the bag with my belongings had gone and instead an other bag
with a letter on top was standing there. I took it inside and opened the letter
even before taking anything else out of the bag. Now I had it in written and it
started with the instruction to unpack everything and spread it out. After
taking a look at everything I started to dress according to the instruction and
in exactly that sequence.

First I rolled the black latex stockings up my legs and made sure they fit well.
Next where the extreme high plateau high-heels. After I had closed the lash of
each one, a small lock had to be attached to make sure, I wouldn't be able to
take them off. After these clicks it was the first time that I felt kind of
helpless. Still not too much, as with force I would be able to tear them apart
and leave. Next where the ankle cuffs. Thy also where lockable and on one of
them was also a chain of about two feet length attached with an other lock. Then
a corset went around my body. Now I could feel, that I hadn't been into S/M for
a long time, as it was a corset I used to be able to close completely, but right
now, I was absolutely unable to perform that task to my satisfaction. After
putting on a latex garter belt I was finally able to connect the stockings to
it. Next where the shoulder length latex gloves. Then followed a latex overall.
It had open feet as well as a big opening for the private parts. Besides that it
was only closed on the back with a buckle above the ass, leaving the rest of the
back and the ass absolutely free. A black head-mask was next. It covered
everything with the exception of the mouth, the eyes and two small holes on the
nose. The ball gag that followed had to be closed tight and also secured with a
little lock. Then some kind of a neck-corset. It was also locked in the back but
this time attached to that lock was also a short chain with an other lock on the
other side. This one was in the middle of handcuffs. They went open as they
where on my back. The next bondage item to apply to my body was a kind of
parachute for my balls. It already had 4 pound of weight attached, so
immediately after putting it on, I had a great pull on them. Now a little
problem aroused. The whole action had made me hard as a rock and I would now
have to apply a cock-corset with spikes on the inside to it. After putting my
cock in, I slowly pulled on the rope to close it tighter and tighter until it
was completely closed. Then two massive clamps lay there which had to be applied
to my nipples. This wouldn't have been to bad, if only they wouldn't have
already pretty big weights attached to them. No other chance, than to go on with
it and fix them tight. A warp-around mini skirt was then to be tied to my waist.
Basically I would say, that I would be dressed completely, but the instruction
said something else. So now I had to put over my facemask and the inserted ball
gag a female facemask with little wholes at the eyes. Once I had it on and also
the blonde wig on my head I looked into the mirror in the bath. It was hard to
believe, what I saw there. Now especially the fact, that I was gaged and masked
under that absent looking female face almost made me shiver. I felt now even
more helpless than before, but somehow knew, that this wouldn't be the end. Now
I did as commanded and left the bathroom to climb the stairs up to the 2nd
floor.  It was there, where I knew, she didn't only have her bedroom, but also
the equipment for the special games. On the door hung an other envelope and it
read: "Slut - take this letter with you and go in. Inside you execute the
commands exactly"

Yes, I was some kind of feared when I opened the door slowly. Even before
opening the letter I immediately saw, what would be the center of the action. It
stood there in the middle of the room. I just called it the pole.


Now I opened the letter and read the instructions. When I read them the second
time I made sure, that I checked everything against that huge installation. Now
it was time for execution.

"..since you are not able to use your tongue to lubricate the dildo on the top,
you are allowed to use the jelly that is in the bottle on the floor.." was
written there and how right she was. The gag and the female mask made my mouth
useless. The dildo was on top of that wooden construction and it looked as it
was a metal one that was securely screwed. After lubricating the dildo well and
also my ass, a pretty hard task was to be performed. I had to stand on the two
stepladders to get the needed height. Then with the help of my hands I spread my
ass as wide as I could and slowly began my descend onto the dildo. Yes, it was
absolutely not a familiar feeling anymore. Some years back in history I would
have sat on such a dildo with only little problems, but today it took me several
attempts until finally the thickest part of it had passed my hole and it got a
little smaller, so I could sit on it. Well, sit isn't actually a good word. The
pole was pretty small, so it was more like riding a wooden pony or a very tiny
bicycle seat, than actually sitting. On the other side, because of the dildo I
wouldn't be able to fall from the pole, so it would only hurt and as I would be
treated like a slut slave, this was somehow what it supposed to do. Inflict
pain.

Now I had to reach down. There was a rubber band hooked to a ring at the pole.
It was stretched very tight, as the other end was fixed further down. With
pretty strength I unhook it and put the hook on place on the ring of my
parachute. As it was further down now, it wasn't pulling that crazy anymore, but
still it pulled pretty hard, so the pain from the weights was massively
increased. Now the next step would be the hardest, as it would make me real
helpless. I took the open lock that also hung on the ring. Then I took my right
leg from the ladder and held it close to the pole. With lots of troubles I
finally managed to wrap the chain from the ankle cuff around the pole and
brought the left leg close to it as well. Now the chain and the two D-rings from
the two ankle cuffs had to be put into that open lock and then it closed with a
very final click. Now I could stretch my legs. This was really the most
humiliating step of the procedure. There where these two ladders that would
allow me to stand up and get off from the pole, then rip of everything and get
back to freedom, but now my high-heeled feet had absolutely no chance to reach
them. Then it was exposure time. I had to untie the wrap around mini skirt and
let it drop to the floor. This exposed my pulled balls, my corseted cock as well
as my blank ass with the dildo in the middle. Now for the last step of the
selfbondage. I put my hands on my back. To lock one hand into the handcuff on
the back, that hung from the neck corset, was no big deal. Experience finally
also made it possible for me to lock the other hand inside as well.

Now all I could do was to wait for the 'Mistress' and see what will happen.

There I was now suffering on that pole. My ass hurt, even more my balls from the
constant, hard pull, but also my nipples felt the clamps with the weights. The
longer that I was immobile on that pole, the more it hurt. My mind started to
work on the situation. Was it really needed, that I was here on that pole ?
Wouldn't it have been better to leave or to just have a coffee with the
'Mistress' ? There where so many points during my selfrestriction, that I could
have stopped and reversed the whole thing, but.... I wasn't thinking that
thought to the end, when my eyes fixed on a latex figure on a pole. It was only
then, that I had realized the full-length mirror right in front of me. It was a
very special sight, almost like not real or not from this world. That figure on
that massive construction. In the mirror I also was able to see a mirror on the
back of me and so I could see my backside as well. It made me hot, but this was
a mistake. My cock was still in that corset with the spikes on the inside, so
all this caused to me was some additional pain. Where was the 'Mistress', how
much longer would she let me suffer on that pole ? There was no clock in my
view, so I had no chance to track that. I closed my eyes and somehow also
enjoyed the situation, the feelings and also tried to ignore the different
points of pain. I started to imagine, what could happen next...

The voice of the Mistress got me back from my dreams. She had entered the room,
but must still have been near the door, as I couldn't see her, even in the
mirrors. Finally she got into my view and I saw, that she carried a little
camcorder. "Slut, this will be interesting videos for sure, but before we go on,
I will have to change the tapes, as the part of your selfhumiliation is now
over". Within my view she changed the tape of her camera, then put the camera on
a tripod and switched it on again. Next she took an other camera from a shelve.
I hadn't seen that one. It had filmed my whole action right from the front. Then
there where two other cameras. One filmed from the back and one from a side.
Yes, she had prepared everything and since I had been so busy in fulfilling the
commands, I hadn't noticed them. Perhaps it was also, because the little red
light on the front had a black tape over it, so it couldn't be seen.

Then she approached me and took a closer look. A little smile on her face showed
me, that she was satisfied how I followed the commands.  First she took the
stepladders and put them away. Then she opened the lock on my ankle cuffs and
also the once on my shoes. She removed them, and I had to hold them backwards
from the knees and point them straight. She told me, that I'd better not move
and used a can on the bottom of the feet. I had to take 3 on each one. Yes, I
did move and not held the feet straight, so she was angry. "Now we'll teach that
slut a lesson in obeying an order," she said and I heard a female voice that
said: "but I would have moved too, this hurts a lot for sure". Who the hell was
that woman and does her statement change anything ? She still didn't show up and
her statement didn't change anything. The Mistress took ballerina boots and put
them on my feet. Then a cord was tied to the heel of each one and the other ends
of them where led up to the clamps on my nipples. "Now, it's in his hands. If he
moves, he hurts himself. I first have to get a coffee". With that she left me in
that position. Where was the second woman, what was she ? A slave, a Mistress, a
visitor ? It took great effort to keep my feet still until they returned. Now
the Mistress offered the other woman a whip to use on my ass. The woman was
uncertain. "He was such a nice guy and this will hurt" - "It's supposed to hurt
and he loves it and besides that, he's a slave, so it even doesn't matter if he
likes it or not". After some more discussion I got the first three on my ass.
The Mistress wasn't satisfied with the strength and showed her how to do it
right and make me move my feet in pain, which caused me some additional pain on
the nipples. She learned fast and while she whipped me, I could see her. She
looked good and finally I saw her face. It was her neighbour. She was once with
the Mistress on a visit at my place and knew about my fetish, but never had seen
me in action, nor any other of the slaves of the Mistress, this was the first
time. The main reason was, that she should see, how a male could be treated and
what enormous possibilities there would be. Finally they where done and just
left me a little longer in that position while putting additional stuff on a
nearby desk. I only saw them moving, but couldn't spot the detail of the
equipment. Then the removed the rope and I could let my feet hang down again.

They examined me in detail even with pulling my ass a little further apart to
get a better view on the dildo. Then a rope was tied to the D-ring at the front
of the cock-corset and pulled tight up to the nipple clamps, lifting the cock
well up. Then she removed the rubber band and after this the parachute to free
my hurting balls. "Do they hurt ?" she asked and I tried to nod a yes. "Did you
see ? This whore really thinks, that his balls hurt. Ridiculous. Let's show him
what it means, when the balls hurt", she spoke to the neighbour. Then she got
two whips and handed one to her. "I can't do that, this will hurt terrible",
"yes, that's why we do it. He has to learn not to lament about everything", the
Mistress answered. What then came would have made me fall from the pole, if I
hadn't been stuck on that massive dildo. Each of the women applied 6 smacks
right on my balls causing real, heavy pain. "Now your balls hurt probably a
little. Am I right ?" Quickly I nodded the approval. "Would you like to take
some more to please me?" There was only one-way to nod in such a situation and
this was a yes. So I got 3 more from each one. "Now let's protect those
sensitive balls again" she said and took an other parachute. As soon as she
closed it around the balls I could feel the sharp pins on the inside. Then she
used the weights from before again and this pull really made the pins find their
way into the sore flesh of my balls. Now let's give him a break she said and
with that she pulled my right feet forward and pushed the heel of the ballerina
through the ring. From the position I couldn't slip it out. The left feet went
backwards again like before, got two ropes, one to each of the nipple clamps.
Now, when I would get tired and let the feet down a little I would hurt my balls
or nipples, depending on what foot I couldn't hold anymore. "Ok, let's have a
coffee" and with that the two left me suffering again.

After a very short periode my feet started to get heavy and so the pull on both,
my balls and my nipples increased. I didn't have time to think on anything else
than the pain and how long it would take until I would be freed. Seconds seemed
to be minutes and minutes where hours.

Then they came back. Not alone. A guy was with them. A guy, that I had never
seen before. What would be his role ? Actualy I didn't care much, the only thing
that realy mattered was the time until my feet would be released. The guy took a
very close look at me and then he grabed my cock and closed his hand firmly
around it. If only I could have jumped. However, my legs moved a lot and gave me
a very sharp pain. "I see, there are pins on the inside". Was his comment. Then
the Mistress finaly freed my legs and let them hung down again. Together they
brought me into the next position. I had seen the possibilities on the pole to
add some stuff to it and now it was brought into action. Two wooden bars where
put into their places and fixed. The first one down at my feet's level and the
second one just below my ass. Now the ankle cuffs where used to spread my legs
out to the ends of one bar and lock them and the hands where freed from the
handcuff, got wrist cuffs and where spread out to the other bar using short
chains. Now while the Mistress freed my nipples, balls and cock, which hurt a
lot, he brought a pretty big box and a labtop into view. It had lots of long
wires on it. Electro, was the word that came to my mind and I was right. He
spread my ass and inserted a connector into the plug, which I hadn't seen
before, while she attached two clamps on my balls and two on my nipples. Then
some kind of wire was used. I got one ring of it around the top of my balls, one
at the bottom of my cock and one just below the head of the cock. The ends of
these wires where then also snaped to a clamp. Now he obviousely had one wire
left. "I think he won't like that one" he said and showed me a little metal pin.
It was about 2 inches long. I had no idea what he had in mind, but was sure,
that he was right and I wouldn't like it at all. With that he took hold of my
cock again and started to insert the pin into it through the opening at the
front. No, I really didn't like the feeling and specialy not the idea of what
would happen with that later on. He inserted over 3/4 into my cock. Now the
other lady spoke and said: "Don't you think, that this hurts to much and can't
this cause severe damage?" - "Yes and no" the Master answered. "Yes, it hurts
not only much, but for some folks to much, or at least it would for me (he
laughed), but don't forget, it's a sissyslave and she has to be prepared for
later and no, usualy it doesn't make real damage, it only hurts like hell". He
looked up at me: "Slut, would you like to suck cocks, swallow cum and drink pee
?" No, this was absolutely not what I wanted. I loved woman. I loved to serve
woman, but no man, so I shaked my head to a no. Well, this proved to be a big
mistake or perhaps it wouldn't have changed the situation anyway. "So let's
rumble" he said, connected the box to the labtop and switched both on. Then he
explained the menu options of the software to the Mistress and the neighbour.
Everytime he explained something I felt the pain in an other place and after he
named the spot, I had to nod a yes for approval. He did that with all but the
last one. Then he showed them how to control the strengh and what influence it
would have, by meaning how much I would pull on my chains. Again the last one
was left out. Then came the different punishment buttons which need no more
explanations. He also had some kind of group buttons that would cause punishment
pain in several places at once. I had experienced the fuse in the ass dildo
before, as well as on the clamps on nipples and balls, but the wires where new
and specially the one on the head of the cock was very painful. "Now let's say,
that you believe she's about to cum. She can't her little sissy thing is filled,
so to prevent that you use these options, specially that punishment one here"
and with these words the guy selected the one for the pin inside my cock. It was
a pain that I had never ever felt before. If I wouldn't have had a gag in my
mouth, I think the whole town would have heard me yelling. Then the two woman
took their turns in using the box and watching me react. "Ok, I think that's
enough" the guy said and switched it off. I was so glad and when he asked again
about the sucking I gladly noded a yes. "Oh, you changed your mind so fast ?
Slut, I don't believe you". Then he went back to the box, switched it back on
and told the ladies that he would now demonstrate them the special feature.
"First I have to make some basic adjustments". With that he used one by one of
the access points and increased the pain until I almost couldn't stand it. From
my movement he exactly knew, how far he really could go. Then he spoke to the
ladie: "look, here you have the time and here the program". I heard that there
is a program 1, that would be very soft and stimulating and he explained some
more and finaly there was the 98, which he choosed. It had all levels in it with
every combination and would for sure prevent me from cuming. Then he selected
the start button and after seeing me react a little on that random pain, he came
close and with the help of a ladder he removed my wig and fixed a blindfold over
my eyes. With the words "Enjoy and don't go away" they all left the room.

Again I was on my own. Suffering. Just the level of pain had increased. There
was the basic pain in my ass from sitting on that pole for such a long time, but
now there was also all that electricity. Obviousely the Master had set a maximum
level when he tested it before and now the program changed the intensity of the
pleasure and pain all by itself. Sometimes just one of the contacts, other times
several of them. It also happened, that I got a gently stimulation on the balls
and out of nowhere a punishment level hit my nipples. However, I had not even
one time, that I would even come in a wide range of cumming. The changes where
to fast and the intensity to high. My darkness made me feel even more exposed
and slowly I understood the conversation before. They had spoken much more, but
due to the two headmasks that I wore, I only understood what they said
intentionally loud. I wondered again about the role of the Master and didn't
even notice, when they came in again and changed the tapes in the cams. They had
been attached to the fuse, so the batteries didn't run out of power, but that I
learned only afterwards.

I realized, that I was not alone by the time the machine came to a halt. Again
the Master asked me about the sucking and I nodded an approval as fast as I
could. "We'll see later. Now I have something very special for you" he answered.
Then I felt the energy come back. Very soft and gentle. On my balls, around the
cock and even on the nipples. It felt good. I relaxed after a while and enjoyed
it. My member got harder and harder. You could almost say, that I drifted away a
little in my dreams with that soft stimulation. Just before I exploded, it
happened. All contacts hit me on the punishment level. All at the same time. It
felt specially as if my cock would be burning on the in- and outside. Then the
stimulation returned as well as my fear to get an other shock like that. Now it
took longer until I was ready to explode, but all that stimulation just didn't
let me ignore it. So the main difference was, that I took longer until the
ridiculouse pain returned. After five of these turns it was over. They freed me
and after putting my arms in a single sleve on my back, they even helped me off
the dildo and down to solide ground.

To say, that I stood there securely would have been a lie. So I was rather glad,
when I was ordered to kneel. Now the master didn't only take the blindfold away,
but also the female face mask. Before he removed the gag, he told me to keep
quiet or face the consequences. So i staied quiet and opened up my mouth wide,
when he brought a pipe shaped gag into view.

After it was holding my mouth open, he grabed a dildo and shoved it right into
my mouth. Then I had to get up and walk around the room in my ballerinas. When
they had enough of that show, I was kneeling again. Now the Master took out his
cock, removed the dildo from my mouth and replaced it with his cock. I only had
the tongue to work on it and knew, that he wouldn't cum from that. When he was
satisfied with my efforts, he steped back, took out my gag and showed me a new
face mask. It looked a little bit like a female face mask, the main difference
was, that instead of the mouthopeing and the nose, there was a female pussy. It
was obviouse, that when he would now fuck my face, he somehow fucked just a
rubberdolls pussy. The big difference would only be, that behind it, there was a
tongue and a mouth to catch his sperm. I worked hard on his cock. It was my
first time, but I tried whatever I liked and had ever seen on TV to please him.
This would be my chance not to be punished again I thought.  Still it took me
quiet some time until I got for the first time in my life the fresh seed from an
other guy into my mouth and knew exactly, that I would have to swallow it and
this was what he requested. As he left his cock in my mouth, I started to lick
it clean until he pulled it out. Then I had to wait.

They discussed a little and finaly I got informed. My performance was lousy. The
Master had to move his cock in and out to make himself cum instead of me moving
my head. I wouldn't look to attractive and, and.. The list was long and the
reasons abolutely not clear, but I wasn't in the position to argue, so when I
had to bend my head down and wait for the enema that would soon fill my ass,
there was time enough to think about what would come. I felt the warm liquid run
into my ass and because I had moaned a little, the Mistress shoved a big dildo
in my mouth and told me to keep it there. First it was strange to get filled,
than almost a pleasure, then the good feeling made space for the pain and urge
to go to the restroom. I don't know, how long the fluid kept running in. When it
was stopped, a pump up dildo was pushed in my ass and pumped until I thought it
would explode. That way, they prevented me from leaking. Now I had to get up,
which was not easy with my arms still on my back. Finaly I managed it. I hoped,
that I would be allowed to go to the toilet, but was far from that. They fixed
the clamps with the weights back on the nipples and added some more weight. Then
the parachute without the pins was added again, but this time with 10 pound
weight and a long chain. At the other end of the chain a bucket was added and
they put in some books. This came from a movie they had seen once. Now I had to
walk around and pull that bucket with my balls. My cock got hard from it, so the
Mistress first used a whip to make it soft and added the spiked corsett to it
again. Walking was terrible, not only because of the weights, but specially
because of the filling I had inside me. Several times I stoped to ease the pain,
but was reminded to keep walking with a whip. This went on for quiet some time,
they even added chains to the nipple clamps and let me pull weights along the
floor with them as well.

Then all additions where removed and I was led to the toilett. After bending
over the Mistress removed the plug and it all flushed out. I didn't care, that
they were watching me, as the only thing I had in mind was relief. Then I had to
step into the shower and was washed. As everything was latex with only the
exception of the shoes, it didn't matter to get wet. Then I got the plateau
high-heels back on and got an other filling of my ass. When I was sealed, they
brought me outside onto a deckchair, where I had to lay down on my back, after
the singlesleeve was removed and the hands had been locked up to the neck. Like
that I had to suffer the bigger amount of water for a longer period, but at
least I didn't have to move. It didn't take long and I tried to move on my own.
Everything that would ease the pain was good but there was actualy no way. Then
they got me, I was locked with a chain around my neck in the bathroom and now
was stripped. The last thing that I had to remove myself was the plug in my ass
and what a releave, when all flushed out and into the bowl. Then I got the
chance to take a shower and dry completely, before the next step.

"I think he is now ready to be prepared for the next phase", the Master said.
During the adjustments that came now, I was always someway chained to the pole,
so any attempt to interrupt the game would be stoped at the beginning. First my
corsett was re-tied. They closed it even further so my figure would turn a
little more feminine. The basic of the dressing staid the same. He took huge
false tits, which he had to queeze together with quiet some strengh. That way
the clamps on the inside where accessible and could now be cliped to my nipples.
He also took a other clamps with wires that he connected to the clamps on my
nipples. The cables where then thrown over my shoulders. When he let go the
tits, so it could go back into it's original shape, it pulled hard on the
nipples. Next was a long sleeved red latex top with sufficient space to go tight
over the false tits. The Master asked me, if I would like to get the electro-pin
back inside my cock. I had learned by now, that I'd better appreciate every
idea, that he had, or would only face even more punishment, so I nodded approval
and he even found a good word for me by saying: "that slut isn't all that stupid
as she looks, at least, there is room for learning something". Now a rubber
slip. It took quiet a while to put it on, as my cock had to go into a special
tube on the inside to hide it and the cable had to go to my back around my
waist. Once it was pulled up, my front looked, as if I'd have a pussy and my ass
was covered  in latex with the exception of a little hole at the right spot for
later use. Then a very tight red latex mini was pulled up around my hips. My
feet where again in latex stockings and plateau high-heels. Over my black face
mask they put a beautiful black and red mask from Demask. It had an open mouth
and one-way glasses at the eyes. On the top of the head I got a pony-tail made
of rubber stripes. That my mouth wasn't all useless, they attached a cock shaped
gag to the hood. The gag had a tube inside and on the outside there was a
funnel, that could be attached to the top of my head. A blindfold was also added
to bring me darkness. The hands went into gloves, where the fingers could be
tied back, so they would be useless fists. Now I had to bend over, as they
wouldn't want my ass to be unused for a longer periode of time. While informing
me about that, a dildo was inserted into my ass. Now I'd be ready was their
oppinion. My fists where connected to a spreader bar that was then locked to a
chain that hung from the ceiling. I was well stretched, almost standing a little
on my toes. Then they left me once again all on my own. There was no indication
on how long I had been hanging there, but it must have been quiet a while, as my
body hurt pretty good.

When the group reappeared, I was very glad. Somehow I feared the new punishment
and humiliation to come, but on the other side I would at least get some change
and attention. After the group was there, two bykers that where covered all in
leather and still wearing their closed helmets entered, carrying a big suitcase.
While looking at them I could see, that they wore something like a triangle
covered with studs as panties over the leather pants. The Master ordered them on
their knees and took a little key. With that he opened a lock on each's helmet.
When they removed it, I had to take a second look. They both wore leather
helmets with only openings on the eyes.

Next the Master opened little locks on the panties of them and when they removed
that special triangle I could see, that the studs where pretty sharp pins on the
other side and out of their pants hung their cock and balls. After only a short
view, the two had to bring me down on my knees and my head was tied sideways
unmovable to the pole. "I locked them into that outfit, this morning, when I
left, so I assume, they have a very urgent need and this slutty toillett here
has a nice funnel. I'm sure, that this whore is thirsty and need a special
drink". Without any other words, he ordered the first to fill my funnel and I
felt the warm pee fill my mouth. I almost chocked from it, but had no chance
than to swallow it all down. This isn't to easy with the mouth open from the
cock-gag. Yes, he realy had to pee. I don't remember, how many times I
swallowed, but I thought, that it would never stop. But there was more to come.
Yes, the other guy got the same right. Well, I had tested some of my own pee
some time ago, but never so much and from other males. I felt so trashy. Used as
a toilett. I didn't get a break, but was freed only to be hung the same way that
I hung before. Now my legs where bent up, when a shoe touched my ass, a belt was
wrapped around it, so it would stay like that. Then I was lowered a little bit,
but still hanging from my arms. Now they placed the slaves in front of me and I
could see, that they put on some kind of strap on dildo. It took their cock and
balls in and would prevent them from feeling anything. Then I was lubricated and
the dildo removed from my ass. While hanging like that, They could fuck my in my
ass and rubber pussy at the same time. The ass felt fine and I wanted to get
hard, but the tube inside the pants prevented that. More was, that I guessed,
that without the tube I would be able to feel the cock inside my pussy very
well, but like that I had no chance. After they had changed positions, I was
worked on some more. Finaly them Master gave the signal to let me down on my
hands and knees. The gag was removed and so where their strap-on's. While they
where ordered to sit down I was told, that I would knew what to do and so I
crawled to the first guy and started to lick his member. After some additional
instructions and some nice hints, that the electro torture was still connected,
I worked my tongue up and down the cock and licked and sucked the balls. When he
lifted the legs, I even licked his hole. Actualy the Master had pressed the
punishment button for my cock very short and told me, that if I wouldn't stuck
my tongue into that hole all the way, I would get a 10 seconds punishment. "My
slaves wore a chastity belt for the last four weeks, so I assume, that there is
quiet some food for your slut in their balls". Yes, there was. The first one
came deep in my mouth and I swallowed and swallowed. Then I started to work on
the second one. Soon I could feel the cock of the first guy on my ass. He
entered it and started to pump, while I tried to give a good blowjob to the
other one. I worked up and down on him and what happened then almost took my
breath completely. The two guys came at the same time, filling my mouth and ass
and at the same time the Master used all the electric attachments to punish me
for beeing so slutty. There wasn't much time to recover, as on the Masters order
they changed positions again and now I had to clean the cock that had been
seconds before working my ass. After the second guy had filled me and I had
licked that one clean as well, I was put on my feet and now my pussypanties
where removed. My arms went into a single sleeve on my back and now I was
allowed to see first, how the triangles where put back in place at the slaves
chests and then what was inside the suitcase they had brought in. After opening
the top, I could see a completely bent female inside. Around her was some kind
of foam. It looked almost like an installation of Gord or insex. The two guys
lifted her out and helped her to stand up. She wasn't naked at all. Around her
neck, ankles, wrists and hip she wore steel bands with d-rings. Her pierced
nipples had big rings inserted and where also in some kind of stretching device
that pushed them out. Very obviouse was also the lock in her face. It connected
the tongue ring with the one in the nose and also held two chains that run down
to the nipple rings. Yes, there where many more chains running around her body
and connecting piercings with cuffs. From nipples to wrists and back to the hip.
From ankle to ankle and also from ankle to pussy and now I was ordered to take a
closer look at the pussy, as there where also chains running from the hip to it.
She had several piercings. In the outer lips on the top and bottom she had steel
eye's, where the locks hung and between that where two rings. The chains run in
a way, that her pussy was well spread now that she was standing. On the inner
lips she also had a total of 6 rings, that where all locked together with one
heavy lock that also led to a chain dangling down with additional weight. Even
close to her back opening she had a ring, that was connected with a lock to the
dildo in her ass. It looked scaring, hurting but also fascinating. My dick stood
hard and heavy, which was a total dislike for the Master.

He hung a piece of wood to the chains from the ceiling and made me stand next to
it. Then he used the electricity to make me soft, because after a certain amount
of pain, the cock just falls soft. Now my cock and balls where pushed and pulled
throu a hole in that piece of wood by the Mistress. Again it was the Master who
explained, what would happen next. He said, that they had planned to make a
butterfly, which would mean, that they would use needles to nail me to that
piece of wood, but then he said, that they wanted me to fuck the slave girl
later, so it would need a little special installation. While the two slaves held
the wood in place, the Master started to nail my cock in an upward way to it. It
hurt like hell, but there was nothing I could do. Then he said, that a real
butterfly would be, if he'd nail my balls as well, but he had other intentions.
He took a needle and some kind of string and pushed the needle with it throu my
balls. When the piece of string was long enough on the other side, he cut it and
repeated the task. I was allowed to take a look at my hurting balls in the
mirror and could see 12 red strings going in and out of my balls. Only then he
mentioned, that in quiet a distance to the hole he had prepared some nails and
now started, with the help of the Mistress to pull on the strings and fix them
to the nails. My balls where a butterfly and hurting like never before. It was
then, when he came to the point, that he had forgotten one string. This was
added right in the middle of my stretched balls. Then the lock on the slave
girls mouth was removed and the string was attached with about 1 inch of space
to her tongue. With the mirror in front of me and the slave girl kneeling with
her tongue working according to the order of the master, on my balls, my cock
wanted to get hard, but the 24 needles holding it in place prevented that. They
looked at me and the Mistress thought, that I'd stand bent like a banana, so
they would have to do something about it. My top was lifted and the pain was
almost inhuman when the breast where removed. Then the master used a pincer with
holes in the middle to pull my nipples out and pushed the needle with the string
top down through one and then the other nipple. The procedure was repeatet to
push it from one side to the other. These four long strings where then put throu
small holes in the wood, that I haden't noticed before. On the other side ot the
wood, they made loops and hung weights to them. My nipples where already almost
at the holes, when they added even more weight. All the time the girl was
working on my balls. I was very much in pain, when they left for a recreational
break as they said.

When they returned, the two male slaves had left. Now the Mistress wanted to
have some fun, so she started to whip my ass. Now I hurt all over, but on the
other side it didn't take to long, before I was freed from that position. I even
got my arms back, but not my hands. Then a strap on dildo was fixed on my body,
covering my hole cock. I would now be used to fuck the girl, but they didn't
want me to feel much and specialy not to make any mess inside the girl. The
dildo was inserted into the girls pussy and all my strings where in some ways
attached to her piercings with some freedom to move in and out. Then I had to
fuck her. Everytime I pulled back I pulled hard on all her piercings which made
her cry from pain. The whip on my ass however showed me, that I was doing a good
job.When they had seen enough, the three of them took hold of us and put us back
on our feet. Still connected well, we had to go on, while both of us where
whipped.

Finaly I was freed and all the strings where removed. I was hung upside down
from the ceiling with my head almost touching the ground. Then the slave girl
sat spread in front of my face. While I got the beautiful pierced pussy
presented to my tongue the Mistress started to rub my tortured dick and the
Master whipped my ass some more.

To lick so much metal on such a nice lips together with the rubbing let me
forget the whipping and it didn't take long until I came and came. Then I was
released and a plate was put on the ground for me to lick up. Yes, it was my cum
that I had to clean up. This was almost the end of the session. I was redressed
now in a special way.

I was still wearing the corsett and the latex stockings. Then the lockable
platform high-heels where fixed on my feet. Naturally the fals tits where cliped
again to my nipples. Then I got a tight red latex top that had a special fitting
for my tits to make them stand out well. Over that top I got a black latex top
with openings on the tits. Like that it looked like two red torpedos standing
out of my black body. Next I got a special kind of briefs. They where a little
similar to the ones from the guys, because they had spikes on the inside as
well, but the difference seemed to be, that this one wasn't exactly made for a
normal male. The cock and balls wouldn't be in front of my body, but way pushed
back between the legs and then the thing was closed tight. It hurt just as it
was and even thinking of getting hard was painful. I was now flat between the
legs and the two straps where separated there to leave my asshole uncovered.
Then the whole thing was secured with little locks. With lots of lubrication a
very hugh dildo was then forced into me to close my back opening. Next was the
black latex wrap around mini skirt. It was fixed in a way, that the top of the
stockings could just be seen and probably also the ending of my naked ass. For
sure, if I would bend over just a little bit. I got some latex gloves, shoulder
lengh and a steel band was locked on my neck. On its front it had big letters
that read "S L U T". Now the Mistress applied some heavy make-up on my face and
a blonde long haired wig on my head. While they looked at me, the Master said,
that he didn't like all that black and there should be some adjustments to it.
He took ankle and wrist cuffs, silver looking, made of steel, each with a D-ring
attached and locked them around my ankles and wrists. Then I had to walk up and
down the room and wiggle my ass for them. It was hot summer, but still the
Mistress came with a "muff". That's some sort of fur-role, where you put both of
your hands in, when it is cold outside. After my hands where in there, a lock on
the wrist cuffs held them together. Then the Master brought a key and hung it
with a chain around my neck. Then followed the instructions, which I had to
listen to very carefully. Now I would have run, if only I could, but I was total
at their mercy and so I repeated what he said, as I was told. The thing was,
that I would have to get to my male clothes again. Well, so now I was on my way.
Getting down the stairs was heavy, because I knew, that I would have to go
outside. The Mistress opened the door and off I went. Past my car, which I
wanted to take, but couldn't and on to the gas station at the end of the road.
There where only few people on the streets, but they stared at me and when I
arrived at the gas station, horns from the passing traffice where the results of
my outfit. I waited and finaly the promised taxi arrived. Before he opened the
door I had to turn around several times and walk up and down for the guy. Then
he let me in. We drove and after only some miles he said, that he wanted paiment
in advance, before bringing me to the train station. Well, this was not what I
expected and told him, that only later, after the return I would have money. I
had guessed, that he had been paid in advance. No he answered, but I made an
agreemend with your Mistress you slut on how you will pay me. As you are a slut,
you will work your mouth on my cock and swallow every drop you can. That lousy
bastard sure got me and after he had stoped the car and let me out, I got down
on my knees and worked his presented member. "Before you swallow, you will open
your mouth and show it to me and don't swallow without permission". The order
was clear and I was at least glad, that the situation had made that guy so hot,
that it didn't take me long to finish him. Only after a long periode of holding
my mouth open I was finaly allowed to swallow and after licking his balls and
cock absolutely clean, the ride continued. I was droped of at the train station.
Now I had to pass those many people and find the lockers. Several times I heard
whistles and comments, but only one guy asked me how much I would cost. He left,
when I said, that I already had an appointment. I found the lockers and the one
I had to open was just in a high, that I could push the key in with my locked
hands. Then I had to rip the tiny chain apart. After opening it, I only found a
letter: "slut, what would you do with your male cloth ? You don't have the keys
to your restrains, so there would be no way you could change. Enclosed you find
the key to the cuff on your wrists. When you bring the Mistress three red roses,
you might ask for the other keys and your cloth." I could have cried, but didn't
have a choice, so I went to the ladies room and there I opened the lock. At
least a little freedom, but how to get the flowers and get back to the Mistress
? I thought I would have to walk and just when I came out front of the train
station, I spoted the driver I had before. With that new problem I went to him
and asked, if he would like an other blowjob. No. I was in shock, because I
realy hadn't expected that. "Let's face it slut. I know what your are and a
little more. I make a deal with you. Our shift is almost over. If you behave and
let me and my friends have fun with you, let's say for about an hour, then you
will get your roses and the ride, otherwise I wish you a nice day". Again I had
no choice, but to agree and now, right in front of all these people I had to
climb into his trunk.

After a pretty short ride he let me out. We where out in the green and I had no
idea where. There where a total of 12 guys standing around, some even with
cameras. First of all I just had to walk up and down, but then I had to remove
my skirt. After they had inspected me, I had explain a little about my status
and what I just had gone throu. Then the business started and everyone enjoyed
it, when I showed my filled mouth wide open. I had to crawl with each load from
one to the other that everyone could take a look at it. Only then the allowance
to swallow came. After the last guy was done, I expected the ride, but they
wanted more fun. So I had to pull out the dildo, show it around and then fuck
myself with it. Hell, how I wished, that I could get hard and jerk off, but the
pain was horrible. Then they took their belts and everyone got to place 6 on my
ass, while I stood in front of them, bending over and holding my ankles with my
hands. That thing made 4 of them so hot, that they decided, I had to work them
over. Finaly I reached the Mistress house and after handing her the roses and
begging like never before, I got my male cloth and some keys, including the one
to my car. Then she said, that I would better drive carefully in these shoes.
She saw my face and laughed. "No, I haven't given you all keys. The one for the
ankle and wrist cuffs, the neck collar and your shoes will be in your mail
tomorrow. Now have a save trip home". With that she sent me off.

I drove until I could stop the first time, there I got rid of the briefs and
released the clamps from the nipples. Then I drove home and as soon as I came
in, I just had to milk myself and liking it all up, being in memories still with
the Mistress. Then I started to undress and soon found out, that also the keys
to the lock on the corsett where missing. Well, it was a long night and I was
realy glad, when the mailman brought the letter the next day.

The Pole - Part 1

By sissyslave99@icqmail.com		comments are welcome




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sissyslave99


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





