BDSM Library - The Picnic




The Picnic
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Gathering of several bdsm couples. the sissyslave is humiliated and punished for all to view.
The Picnic

I can remember the start of it all as if it was yesterday. However it's now
quiet some time ago. As a sissyslave, I was already used to be dressed as a
sissy and also behave as a slave to my Mistress and Master who own me. A
chastity belt was almost all the time on my body as well as some sort of dildo.
However, they hadn't been wider than about 2 inches up to then, with the
exception of the ones that are a little wider in the middle.

It was, when I hung upside down from the ceiling in the dungeon of my owner's
house, that the Master removed my chastity belt and attached a steel device only
over my cock and balls. Then he told me, that there had to be done something
about my tiny asshole. He said, that he would like to see me fist myself. When I
was down on earth again, kneeling at his feet, the Mistress brought a suitcase
and opened it, while telling me, that this would help me to achieve my goal,
which would be to be able, no later than in two month, to put the fist in my ass
and leave it there for at least 30 minutes. Then I was allowed to look at the
helps they gave me. It where dildos in several sizes and forms. Especially when
I looked at the bigger ones, I wanted to say, that they would never fit my ass,
but knew better than to speak. As you can't fist yourself up to the elbow, we
have here some tremendous tools for you to use. One dildo looked like a female
fist on an arm and the masterpiece of the suitcase was a big dildo, about 10
inches long, about 5 in diameter with only a little bit at the very end, that
would be only about 4. We expect you to be able to fit each of them in your ass
by the end of the time, was the only comment I heard from them and then I was
sent home.

Naturally I checked them out and measured them all. After sorting them by the
size, I found out, that I would have to be able to change to the next bigger
after a maximum of two weeks. So immediately I started with a bigger one after I
made an enema, as I was ordered to do before inserting a dildo. It was a hard
night with not too much sleep, but I had no choice. If I wanted my ass to fit
the order, I had to wear it as long as ever possible, which meant basically
always. The day was even worse with all the sitting and walking while working,
but there was no choice. After only 4 days I switched to the next size. This
procedure repeated itself. Sleepless nights, catastrophically days and the
knowledge that I had no other choice. I felt the pain from the stretching and
the bigger they got, the longer I had to wear them.

After all, this was not all. Besides that, I had the different sessions with the
Mistress and Master. Still I had to behave well, like when the Master played
skat I wore the maid's dress with the high-heels and served the drinks. When I
didn't have to do that, I crawled under the table to serve the four guys orally,
licking and sucking their balls and cocks as well as drinking their pee, so they
didn't have to stop playing for going to the restroom. Naturally the Master
mentioned the dildo training that I was in and everyone lifted my skirt more
than once when I was on all four under the table, to look at the big tool in my
ass. It was so humiliating to hear them make jokes about it.

Without going into much details, there came the day to insert that female fist.
It was horror. I think I never felt so much pain in my ass as then. With
lockable leather panties I had to keep it in place. What would the others in the
firm say if they knew, that I wore a female fist in my ass ? It also made me
horny, but my cock couldn't get hard because of its steel prison.

Then came the evening, where I lubricated my hand for the first time. Reaching
back I removed that dildo and started to slip in my hand. My hand was quiet
bigger than the dildo and it was very uncomfortable to push it in, but it just
had to go in there. Finally it was done and I even had managed to make a fist
inside. However I had to stop the first attempt after 5 minutes. Others followed
but never over 20 minutes.

Now there where two things I had left. The monster dildo and the 30 minutes in
that uncomfortable position, but I had to admit to myself, that I was pretty
good inside the schedule. 12 days to go when I had the biggest enema of my live
and looked at the biggest dildo I had ever seen. I was sure, the only way to
bring it in place was to sit on it. So after having prepared everything I slowly
went to work. It felt, as if I would break in two, but I knew, that it had to go
in. Slowly but surely it went deeper and deeper. Would I see it deforming my
stomach ? No, but it was a nightmare of a night. Several times I had to get up
and walk around a little, but I wouldn't remove it before the morning. The next
day I had one size smaller in me only to retry it in the evening, after trying
my selffisting. Now this worked well for over 30 minutes, only the dildo was
still too much. Two more days had to pass until I could put on my suit in the
morning and driving to work with the biggest intruder that I could think of. I
was sure, that I could now even fit a whole cock bottle in my ass with no
problems. Then the date came. It was a Saturday and I had to report at my
owner's house in the morning. Still having that monster in my ass, I had to
change into the clothing that they handed me. First the latex stockings and the
plateau high-heels. Then a new tighter corset, than the one I normally wore. The
Master had to help me close it completely. When it was done, he added a lock on
the top and bottom, so I wouldn't be able to get out without permission. Now I
was hung by my wrists and the Mistress removed my chastity device. She then
added electro pads. One on my balls and one on the top of my cock, before
putting the steel harness back in place, with only the wires coming out on the
back. On my tits they added clamps with wires as well. Now they let me down to
complete the outfit. A tight latex top with huge inflated breasts and a Demask
mask came next. The mask had a kind of glass for the eyes, but blindfolds could
be added, on top it hat some leather stripes as hair. A cock shaped gag was
stuffed in my mouth with a small tube on the inside that was connected to a
funnel, which was now attached to the forehead. Then they added the remote box
with the battery to my back and connected all the wires. To make sure it worked,
they now took hold of their remote control to send me an electro shock to one
point after the other. They also added long latex gloves to my arms. Next came a
mini skirt that was just wrapped around my waist. After also adding the steel
cuffs around the ankles and wrists I was ready.

After they blindfolded me, they brought me to the car and I had to lay on the
backseat, where they locked all the cuffs together to keep me in a hoghtie. Like
that we drove off. After a quiet long ride we finally stopped. I think, that I
really wouldn't have to mention already at that time, that there where several
parts of my body that already hurt quiet a bit, but as a slave I know, that I do
not have any right to complain, but rather be thankful for the time my owner
spend on using me.

When I was released and outside of the car, the fresh wind made me feel, that we
weren't in any garage, but rather out in the green. My Mistress took my right
hand and greased it well. Then I had to shove that latex covered piece up my ass
after she had pulled out the dildo. The Master said that it looked fine and that
I should hold it. He took a handcuff and connected it to my wrist just behind
the steel band that I already wore. The other half of it he pulled between my
legs and closed it securely behind the steel cage of my private parts. I knew it
must look ridiculous with that hand going in under my short skirt and
disappearing. Now the blindfold was removed and after my eyes got used to the
bright sun light, I could see, that we where absolutely not alone. There where
lots of people and I recognized quiet some of them. They all came from the
'local' SM-club and had brought along their slaves, maids etc. Then the Mistress
spoke: slut, you will unload the trunk and prepare our picnic place over there,
pointing at a nice place right next to the river, but be sure to be fast on it.
Because of the gag I was also unable to speak, but also because of some kind of
shock. I should now unload everything with only my left hand and also walk past
others with my hand in my ass. Yes, I had trained to keep it in up to about 40
min., but I never had to perform any tasks while I did that. There was no thing
I could do and the hit from the Mistress on the remote control to use the
electricity on my sensitive parts reminded me to start.

After opening the trunk I almost shocked. There was so much stuff in my eyes.
Well, I'd have to walk across that grass several times in my plateau high-heels.
First I grabed the camping table and started to walk. Already at that time I
heard the first comments and when I walked back, I heard more of them. The two
chairs could be taken at once and again I heard them talk about me. On the
second tour I was reminded once, but when I had to get the cushions they hit me
several times with the remote control to be faster. As soon as I had the
cushions on the chairs, they removed my skirt. Now I heard the ooh's and aah's
from the others and while walking back and forth for the rest of the stuff, some
even came closer to have a look and I had to stop, bend over or pose every way
they wanted. Additional to that now quiet a bit of my ass was also exposed and
as we where out in the green, my Mistress thought, it would be very nice to
motivate me not only with electricity, but also with the bull whip. That way she
could hit me even in quiet a distance. The setting up of the table with
tablecloth, candles and everything took quiet long, specially with only the left
hand.

Finally everything was ready. After my Master had locked my left wrist to the
back of my corset I had walk from one person to the next and show myself by
turning slowly in front of them and bending over. The most humiliating thing
about the command was probably, that I even had to do that in front of other
slaves. One thing was good about it. I could also take a look at the other
slaves and their dresses. The maid uniform was most common and more than one had
a small table or basket fixt in front of the body with connection to the nipple
rings. Some also had a basket or anything-similar hanging from the balls or
pussy. When I was finally done I almost couldn't walk anymore because everything
hurt so much and the corset didn't make the whole situation easier. Now I had to
stand with my back showing to my owners next to their table and wait. Finally
the Master spoke to me, remember slave, we told you to be able to fist yourself
for at least 30 minutes. Naturally this means longer, 30 minutes will be the
minimum time for you to enjoy. Well, we have now finished. I will now remove
your handcuff and free your other hand as well, but you will not remove your
hand. First you walk out to the middle of the river and then take it out and
wash it well. When you are done, you will go to the car. On the front seat
you'll find two boxes. You open the box number 1 and put that stuff in your ass,
the hardest thing first. Then you use the handcuff here to lock your hands in
front of your body. Then you wash all the dishes in the river and clean the
table. We'll have the dessert later.

Going into the river in the high-heels was a very tricky thing and I had to be
very, very careful, but also was happy to finally remove my hand and wash it. My
ass felt as if it would stand wide open like a door. Then I went to the car. I
was wondering what I would find. I found two apples and one can of coke. Very
unusual, but my ass was so wide, that I didn't have to many problems to insert
the coke and then the two apples by sitting on them one after the other. Then I
had to report to my owners, which now sat together with other Mistresses and
Masters. Drop the first item slut, my Master said and I carefully pressed, so
only one apple fell to the ground. Laugher all over was made me feel ashamed,
but somehow also making me very hot. Then the gag was removed and down on all
four I had to eat the entire apple from the ground. The procedure repeated
itself with the second apple, before I was allowed to drop the coke as well.
Then I got the order for the second box in the car and this was a shock. There
was a tupperware kind of box in the size of approximately the hugest dildo I had
used in training. Well, it took me several attempts and 8 electro shocks to
shove it all the way in and make my way back to the folks. Then I had to serve
some coffee and wait for them to finish the first cup. I was still not gaged, so
they gave me the allowance to beg them that they whip me. It was quiet a job to
get them to the point of agreement and so once more I presented my filled ass to
receive a good four dozen on it. Then I was allowed to push out the tupperware
and open it up. There was a well-protected sandwich in it, which I had to eat
from the ground as well. Then my Mistress had a present for me and presented my
beloved dildo. The huge one that I had to put in place in front of all. After
the gag was back in place, I got the cock. She let sip-by-sip drop into the
funnel for me to swallow, however, that afternoon I also got other drinks coming
through that gag and into my stomach.

The different Mistresses and Masters all had their fun with all of us slaves.
Especially by making contests or having us perform for them. It was already
getting dark, when I finally was allowed to put the stuff back into the car and
get into my hoghtie position for the way back.

Dressed in that slutty outfit I was then sent home in the dark. It took me quiet
longer than usual to walk, but finally I got save home, there I used the backup
key to enter the house and also found the key to the locks in the mailbox. The
last pain I felt for the day was when I removed the dildo under the shower and
especially when the clamps from my nipples finally came off.

The End
The Picnic		

By sissyslave99@icqmail.com		comments are welcome




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sissyslave99


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





