BDSM Library - Shame On You, Mr. Hyde




Shame On You, Mr. Hyde
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It'a amazing how easy it is to enslave a young man, once you understand how all the parts work! Girls, don't try this at home. A tale of humiliation in 14 parts.
                     "SHAME ON YOU, MR. HYDE!"  

                                                    By Dr. Phil

                            PART 1

   Tom Hyde couldn't believe his good luck. He had stopped into a
local tavern on the way home from the office for a couple of drinks
and to listen to some music. Tom was twenty-five and single and,
since he lived alone, it was a good way to kill a little time and
maybe meet some interesting people. He was listening to the music
and glancing around the room when he first noticed her checking him
out. She was beautiful. Tall, attractively built with dark hair and
eyes, and legs that caught his attention immediately. She was
wearing a very business-like outfit consisting of a knee-length
skirt, dark blazer and high heels and appeared to be in her mid-
thirties. Tom smiled back at her a bit shyly and was surprised when
she got up and walked over to sit down right next to him.
  "I haven't seen you in here before" she said, easing herself into
the chair and crossing those gorgeous legs almost teasingly.
  "Well, I don't come here often" Tom replied with a smile, then
added "But I certainly do like the looks of the place." Tom was
pleased with his cool act and openly let his eyes flick down at her
legs. 
   She smiled as she noticed his downward glance and stuck out her
hand. "My name's Beverly."
   "Nice to meet you, Beverly, my name is Tom. Do you come here
often?"
   "I have an office around the corner and I occasionally like to
stop in here after work on my way home" she replied.
   "What do you do in your office around the corner?" Tom asked,
trying to act as charming as possible but unable to conceal a small
shakiness in his voice.
   "I'm a Graphic Artist. My office is also my studio and I tend to
spend a lot of time there, but occasionally I need to get out for
awhile and just let my hair down".
    "I know what you mean" Tom said, shaking his head. "I work in
a small office myself about a mile from here -- Venture
Publications. Just my boss, a couple of co-workers and a secretary.
All women, which definitely has its benefits, but I also tend to
spend far too much time there. I live alone and don't really have
any responsibilities dragging me home at a regular time each night.
It is good to get out once in awhile and just meet some new
people".
    "Sounds like we have a lot in common, Tom. Say! I don't suppose
you've had dinner yet, have you?"
    "No, just a couple of bourbons so I'm nicely mellow. What did
you have in mind?"
    Beverly smiled at him invitingly. "I know this GREAT little
place about a mile from here. Very quiet and very casual...
actually, it's my place."
    Tom looked at her a bit stunned but recovered in time to give
a small shrug and a smile.
    "With all the kooks running around, I'm not in the habit of
inviting men I just met back to my house, but I feel very
comfortable with you. I tend to trust my instincts."
    "Sounds good to me" he smiled. Should I follow you in my car?"
    "Actually, I usually walk to work on nice days like today. Why
don't we both go in your car, if you don't mind?"
    "Let's go." Tom said, peeling off a few bills to leave for the
tip and standing up. In her high heels, Beverly was about half a
head taller than Tom, but she didn't seem to take notice of it and
led the way to the door. Tom followed her, staring at the way her
ass moved under her skirt as she walked.
   Beverly gave Tom the directions and soon they were parking in
the driveway of a modest single-level house. As Tom was preparing
to get out of the car Beverly reached over and patted his knee
gently and smiled at him. Tom waited for Beverly to walk ahead of
him to the door. Any excuse to get another look at that luscious
ass of hers. He felt his dick begin to stir a little and tried to
will himself to calm down. He didn't want the embarrassment of
walking into her house with a hard-on.
   As soon as the door was unlocked and they were in the house
Beverly asked Tom to sit down while she changed out of her work
clothes. When she returned a few minutes later, Tom was surprised
to find that she had changed into a loose robe and slippers. Whoa!
Things were all of a sudden moving very quickly. The older woman
saw the look of surprise on Tom's face and smiled down at him.
  "What's the matter, Tom? Haven't you ever been seduced before?"
Well Tom hadn't, but the way his cock was pulsing he knew that
tonight was going to be something special indeed.
   Beverly quickly moved to sit down on the couch next to Tom. She
crossed her legs so that one perfectly formed leg stuck out through
the opening of her robe and was bared almost to her hip. Tom's eyes
were riveted to it and Beverly laughed a little as she placed one
hand on his crotch and the other around the back of his head. She
moved over him and planted a full kiss on his lips, squeezing his
cock gently with her other hand. Tom moaned as her tongue darted
into his mouth.
   "You're pretty hot, huh Tommy baby?" The older woman cooed over
him. "Well that's just fine. "I have a feeling you're going to get
a lot hotter before the night is over." She then opened her robe a
little so Tom could see that she wasn't wearing anything under it.
   "You want some of this tonight?"
   "Mmmmm..." Tom moaned. His mind was reeling. Something in the
way she had so quickly taken control of the situation seemed to
make his erection even harder, more urgent.
   "You just be a good boy, sweetie, and Beverly will give you the
best fuck of your life!"
   That would certainly be the case, for although Tom had had a few
girlfriends and was generally good looking, he had never actually
had sex with a woman before. He was beginning to be afraid that he
might be the only twenty-five year old virgin in the world. But not
for long! Beverly was working magic on him and he knew it. He
wanted her desperately and SHE knew it too. As Beverly opened her
robe wider his hands found her breasts and instinctively began
cupping the mounds of soft flesh and fingering the nipples. His
whole body was shuddering with desire when suddenly she pulled away
and closed her robe.
   "Wait a minute Tommy. You don't get any of this until I've had
my fun too. And right now, what I want more than ANYTHING is to see
that cute little ass of yours and to hold it in my hands. Why don't
you get out of those clothes?" As Beverly said this to the shocked
young man she was rubbing herself through her robe, knowing inside
the effect she was having on the inexperienced young man.
   Tommy was burning up with lust. He was confused, but he was also
out of control. He had never been completely naked in front of a
woman before but he slowly began removing his clothes, as if he no
longer had a will to resist.
   Beverly exulted in his apparent bashfulness and was enjoying the
way his hands trembled slightly with his shirt buttons. After the
shirt and tee-shirt came off, Tommy fumbled a little with his belt
buckle. One glance at Beverly sitting there licking her lips and
showing off her legs was all it took, though, to get him back on
track. Tommy kicked off his shoes and socks and with a deep breath
let his pants fall to his ankles. As he stepped out of them he was
standing there before this gorgeous woman, dressed in only his
tight jockey shorts. Tommy's head was swimming. This woman had been
a total stranger just an hour before and here he was about to stand
stark naked in front of her so she could look at his ass!
   Beverly looked him up and down approvingly and then made a
motion with both of her hands that he should also remove his jockey
shorts...
   Tommy's face flamed red as he placed his thumbs into the elastic
waistband and slowly lowered and then stepped out of his underwear.
He stood there nervously with his hands over his genitals. Beverly
motioned for him to move his hands away and he blushed even deeper
as he dropped them to his sides. Beverly gazed at his exposed front
with an appraising smile and nodded her head.
 "That's fine Tommy, now turn around slowly...stop. That's it. Now
bend over from the waist and put your hands on the arm of the sofa.
   Tommy couldn't believe it but he was actually doing what she
wanted. He had never in his life been completely naked in front of
a woman! He was INTENSELY shy about his body and here he was, naked
and bending over a piece of furniture so that this woman could get
a better view of his ass!
   He blushed deeply but at the same time he felt a kind of relief.
This was to be his first sexual experience and all he had to do was
follow instructions. He didn't have to worry about botching things
up or making the wrong move and being laughed at. One of his
overwhelming fears was of doing the wrong thing and being laughed
at by a woman, and this more than anything else was the reason he
was still a virgin. But now that fear was gone, replaced by an
excitement and a desire to put all of his trust in the hands of
this woman. Beverly reached over and began softly caressing and
then molding his asscheeks.
   "Oh, beautiful, baby! You have a great ass. I can see I'm going
to have lots of fun with you, and if you play your cards right and
be a good boy, you'll have lots of fun too! If not then you can put
your clothes back on right now and leave and never come back.
What's it gonna be?"
   Tom felt a slight panic at her ultimatum. The feel of her hands
on his asscheeks was pure ecstasy. Without realizing what he was
doing he began unconsciously rotating his hips just a little bit.
Almost unnoticeable, but Beverly noticed it. And she smiled a self-
satisfied smile as she waited for his response. Yes, she was going
to have some fun with this one...
   "Yes, Beverly. I'll do whatever you say. Just don't make me
leave. Not now...I..." He was moaning now and rotating his hips in
larger circles. Beverly reached one hand through his legs and began
lightly stroking the underside of his penis. Starting at the bottom
and lightly brushing the underside near the head. Tommy was almost
out of his mind. "Y-E-S, Y-E-S" he began moaning over and over. His
knees were shaking.
   Suddenly Beverly stopped and walked over to a closet from which
she brought out a medium sized cardboard box.
   "I'm going to fuck you Tommy. I'm going to blow your mind, but
it's got to be on my terms. Do you understand me boy?"
   "Yes Beverly, I'll do anything you want. You're so beautiful...
and, I love you." Tommy was almost crying now.
   "I can see that you do!" Beverly remarked. Then, taking two pair
of handcuffs out of the box, she told Tommy to lie down on the
floor on his back. She took the first set of handcuffs and placed
one of the cuffs on his right ankle, then bent his leg upright and
grabbing his right arm and pulling it up to meet his foot she
clicked the second cuff over his wrist, thus shackling his right
wrist to his right ankle. Tommy was confused and before he could
really grasp what was happening she had the second set of handcuffs
in her hands and had already snapped one end over his left ankle.
   "Wait a minute!" he cried, starting to panic. "Wh-what are you
doing!"
   Beverly spoke gently and assuringly, "I told you Tommy, you're
going to have to do it my way or no way at all. You either trust me
completely or leave. There's no compromise. Now give me your left
wrist."
   Tommy was confused and scared. He was scared of what was
happening to him, but he was also even more scared of not going
through with this. To lose his one chance at that luscious body. He
looked at Beverly and suddenly he felt that he really could trust
her. He slowly lifted his left arm to her. CLICK. With that sound
it was all over. A split second afterwards he finally began to
realize the incredibly shameful position he had just been chained
into! He was stark naked in this strange woman's house, lying on
her rug on his back with his knees bent and his legs up in the air.
Left ankle chained to left wrist, right ankle chained to right
wrist. He was open and exposed. More exposed than he had ever been
in his life. More exposed than a man could EVER be... or so he
thought. For Beverly was just beginning with him... Just
beginning! 




                      "SHAME ON YOU, MR. HYDE!"

                                                    By Dr. Phil

                              PART 2

   Tom Hyde couldn't believe what was happening to him. An hour
before he had been in a business suit at a local tavern where he'd
been picked up by a gorgeous dark-haired woman in her mid-thirties.
Tom, still a virgin at twenty-five. Tom, who had never before been
naked in front of a woman, was now in this woman's house, stripped
naked and lying on his back on the floor in the middle of her
living room. He had his legs up in the air and knees bent. His left
wrist shackled to his left ankle and his right wrist shackled to
his right ankle left him completely exposed to the eyes of Beverly,
who was staring at him with her hands on her hips and a smug smile
on her face.
   "My my, you look absolutely yummy!" she said, shaking her head
and barely suppressing a slight giggle. Tom moaned and rocked a
little on his back. His wrists were cuffed to the inside of each of
his ankles so he was unable to close his legs. He tried to imagine
what he looked like just then but the thought made him shudder and
blush an even deeper red.
   "Now don't you worry about a thing, Tommy. Beverly's gonna take
real good care of you. But you've got to be truly mine, body and
soul. You've bared your body to me. Now I want your soul, too."
With that she sat down on the floor next to him and began lightly
running her fingers up and down the crack of his ass. He began
squirming and wriggling his hips and moaning "Oh..YES... I L-O-V-E
you!" His voice was shaking and his whole body twisting but she
gave him no relief. His penis was rock hard and laying flat against
his belly. She began lightly stroking it and then bent and touched
the tip of her tongue to the sensitive glans just under the head.
This caused his cock to jump up and down and his anus began opening
and contracting. Beverly cupped his balls and said in a cajoling,
taunting voice, "I want you to bare your soul to me. I need to hear
you confess your darkest and most embarrassing secrets to me. Tell
me, Tommy. Tell me so I can own your mind along with your body." 
  Tommy was writhing now. She would bring him near the point of
ejaculation but she kept backing off just before he could cum. It
was uncanny! The older woman could look at him and read him like a
book. In a way Tommy wanted her to own him. All his life, worrying
about meeting a girl and making love to her. Would he be awkward?
Would she know it was his first time and laugh at him? Tommy
couldn't bear that thought. Now here was Beverly. With Beverly he
didn't have to hide a thing. He wanted her to know his innermost
secrets. He thought a moment and began:
   "There's a teenaged girl who lives right across the street from
me. Her n-name is Linda." He was squirming a bit but he still
managed to get the words out. "She's a beautiful girl and she had
an incredible crush on me. I didn't know it but I guess she
fantasized a little and told some of her friends that I liked her
back and someday we'd get married. I used to watch her from my
window when she was outside. She's turning into a real beauty all
right. Long trim legs and a pretty face. When she'd bend over to
get something I'd s-stare at her ass... I know it was wrong of me,
but I couldn't help myself."
   "One day she was outside with two of her friends when I happened
to walk out to my car. She was dressed in pink shorts and sneakers
and she stood in the driveway smiling at me. All of a sudden I
started to get an erection! It was incredibly embarrassing. I tried
shifting my stance and hoped that nobody would notice it. I just
wanted to get into my car and get away before anyone saw it. Just
then her two friends came running up and said `Hello Mr. Hyde.
Linda was telling us how the two of you are going to be getting
married in a few years and live in your house. How exciting!' They
were giggling and it was obvious that they were taunting Linda. I
could have helped her out of this but I was so worried about
getting out of there before they noticed my hard-on that I snapped
back at her instead."
   "That's not true. Linda is a nice girl but she shouldn't be
making up stories. I already have a girlfriend and telling fibs
like that can only cause trouble." With that I managed to slip into
my car, my erection subsiding somewhat. Linda was shamefaced. I'd
never seen a girl blush so red before. Her friends pointed at her
and laughed and taunted "We KNEW you were lying. He already has a
girlfriend. See! Hahaha! What would he want with a skinny little
squirt like you anyway?" As I drove away I glanced in my mirror and
saw that Linda was close to tears. She was looking at my car and
I'll never forget how hurt she seemed that day. The next day I saw
her outside again and I wanted to go over and apologize to her but
as soon as she saw me she ran into the house. I've never felt so
low in my life. My carelessness had hurt her when all it would have
taken was a little more tact to help her out. I felt so ashamed I
didn't want to see her anymore and avoided going outside whenever
she was around. I wished there was something I could do to make it
up to her."
   "Don't worry Tommy, perhaps you will one day" Beverly said as
she continued to torment him on the floor. Now that the story was
over he began bucking his hips and pleading for Beverly to let him
cum.
   "Not just yet, Tommy, but soon." Then she disappeared into the
next room and came back with a small camera.
   "Now that you're almost ready, I want to take a few snapshots
for my personal use." Tommy started twisting when he saw the camera
but there was really nothing he could do about it. He was trapped.
Beverly focused the lens and  he was on film. She walked
around him clicking a half dozen more shots. She told Tommy to
smile once and to stick his tongue through his lips like he was
really getting off. He didn't want to do it but she touched him a
few times and promised that they were just for her own enjoyment
and that they would both get off looking at them later. Tommy
obliged. He had gone this far and each new step began seeming more
and more natural for him to take. She then rolled him over onto his
side and then up on his knees so that his head was on the floor and
his arms were between his legs, still connected to his ankles. This
brought his ass into prominence and she snapped a few more
pictures.
   When she finally put the camera down she said "Time to get some
sleep Tommy, tomorrow's gonna be a big day!"
   "I can't stay here all night like this!" He cried. "Besides,
it's only Tuesday night and I have to go to work tomorrow!"
   "Tomorrow you are going to call in sick" she said, matter of
factly. "What's the name of your boss over there at Venture
Publications?"
   "Mrs. Peterson", Tom said. "Gloria Peterson".
   "Well Tommy, tomorrow morning you'll call Mrs. Peterson up on
the phone and tell her you've got a 24-hour bug and you won't be
in. Then you'll spend the day with me."
   With that she bent over and lightly ran her fingers up and down
the crack of his exposed ass once again and turned off the light.
As an afterthought she gave him one stinging slap on his ass as she
walked past him to her bedroom.
   "Good night, Tommy dear. Don't let the bed bugs bite!". Then her
door was closed and she was gone.
   Tommy knelt there uncomfortably in the dark and tried to figure
out just what had gone wrong. He was hot as a poker and the
stinging from the slap made his dick throb even harder. Hell, she
hadn't even let him cum yet!




                    "SHAME ON YOU, MR. HYDE!"
                   
                                                     By Dr. Phil
                            PART 3

   In the morning Beverly came to him and unlocked the cuffs. She
told him where the bathroom was and to clean himself up. After that
Beverly made them both coffee, toast and juice, while he called
Mrs. Peterson to tell her he was sick and wouldn't be coming in
that day.

   After they ate Beverly told Tommy to get dressed, but she held
back his jockey shorts. "Your days of wearing underpants are over
mister. From now on I want you bare underneath your pants." She
gave him a playful pinch and watched as he got dressed. They walked
out to Tommy's car and she said "Let's go over to your house. I
want to see where you live."

   They drove over in silence and soon came to a small white house
in a sunny neighborhood. There was a driveway off to the right but
Beverly told Tommy to park the car in front of the house and then
they both got out. It was about 11:00am on a beautiful sunny summer
day and there were four young ladies sitting on the grass near the
car giggling and playing some sort of a game. Mrs. Whitford, one of
Tom's neighbors, was sitting on her porch. She ignored him as they
walked up the path towards the house. She was still mad at him. She
had complained that one of his trees was blocking her sunlight and
when he didn't do anything about it she took it upon herself to do
a little midnight pruning. Tommy confronted her the next day and,
in a moment of unusual anger, he called her a lying old witch! Now
she wouldn't speak to him. Oh well, you can't have everything. The
girls looked up and said "Hello Mr. Hyde" and then Tom and Beverly
were on the porch, and then in the house.

   As soon as the door was shut Beverly grabbed Tommy by the crotch
and told him to strip naked. Tommy didn't know why he jumped to
obey her so quickly. Perhaps it was because he was still so horny
from his unsatisfied evening. At any rate, in less than a minute
his clothes were on the floor and he was stark naked. No jockey
shorts this time.

   "Very good!" Beverly said, obviously pleased. "Now today you are
going to do EVERYTHING I say. Not because I have a whole roll of
film of you last night, but because deep down inside you really
WANT me to take charge of your life."
 
   Tom winced when she reminded him of the photographs but he also
knew that she was right. He did enjoy the feeling of helplessness
before her. It was something he never acknowledged to himself.
Perhaps this secret longing that he denied all his life was what
had kept him so shy and afraid of girls.

   Beverly then ordered him down on the floor on all fours. Tom
felt a little self-conscious, but at least the door was shut and
all of the window shades were down. As he knelt there Beverly
opened her pocketbook and took out a collar and leash. She put the
collar around his neck and snapped the leash onto it.

   "Now, wouldn't the neighbors love to see you like this?" she
teased him. Tommy gasped and blushed red as she tugged on the leash
and began walking him around the room. She walked him into the
kitchen and then into each of the two bathrooms, and finally the
bedroom. After this she walked him back into the living room again.
Tom's cheeks were flushed with embarrassment and Beverly was
obviously enjoying this immensely.

   "Thank you for the grand tour, sweetheart. Now lie on your back
and put your legs up in the air again with your knees bent wide.
You can hold onto your feet for support if you wish. Now listen
carefully. If you let your legs down for any reason, even for a
second, I'll chain you in position like I did last night and then
whip you." 

  Tommy rolled over and succeeded in getting into the required
position. Once again, with his knees bent and legs in the air he
was on complete display to the older woman. She walked over to the
telephone and said "Now, what's the phone number of that girl,
Linda, that you told me about last night?"
 
   "NO!" Tommy snapped. Somehow he managed to retain his position,
but she was taking this a little too far!

   Beverly walked over to Tommy and bent down and gave him a hard
slap on his ass. "Don't you EVER say NO to me again, mister.
Remember that roll of photographs that I have. I can be awfully
mean when I don't get what I want, and right now I want you to keep
your legs up and to tell me the phone number of that girl!"

   Tommy sobbed, his whole body shook. "It's in the directory right
next to the phone. The name is Murray, Linda Murray... Oh God,
please don't..." 

   Beverly flipped down to the M's and found the number for Murray.
It was right across the street just like he'd said. She dialed the
phone and after a couple of rings she heard a girl's voice on
the other end.

   "Hello. Is this Linda Murray? Wonderful! My name is Beverly and
I'm calling from Mr. Hyde's house. Are you very busy just now?...
Oh... your parents are out and you're listening to some records
with a couple of your friends. Well, honey, Mr. Hyde asked me to
call and tell you he's sorry that he embarrassed you in front of
your friends. He knows it was wrong of him and he wanted to
apologize but he was afraid you wouldn't want to see him... That's
right... If you wouldn't mind leaving your friends alone for
awhile, would you mind coming over here so he can apologize to you
in person?... I know, but he has something he wants to show you...
You would? Wonderful! He'll be sooo happy! See you in a couple of
minutes."

   Beverly hung up the phone and walked over to Tommy, who was
openly sobbing and begging her not to do this to him. "One more
thing we've got to get straight between us, mister. From now on,
when you talk to me you will address me as 'Mistress'. You got
that? Now I mean it. If you ever forget to address me properly from
this moment on, well, you won't BELIEVE what I'll put you through.
You got that sweetie?"

   "Y-Y-ESS......Mistress" Tom managed to choke out. Just then the
doorbell rang and Beverly went over to answer it. Tommy was on the
far side of the room on the floor behind the sofa, so he couldn't
be seen from the door. He tried to stop his sobbing, hoping that if
he wasn't noticed Beverly...err.. Mistress Beverly would change her
mind and send the girl away with some excuse.

   Beverly opened the door and there stood an absolutely lovely
young lady, just like Tommy had described her. She was about five foot
four with dark hair. She was wearing a pair of white cut-off jeans
that showed off her long trim legs, and a halter top. She looked up
at Beverly but was obviously still a little undecided if she wanted
to forgive Mr. Hyde just yet. He'd humiliated her, in front of her
friends, and that kind of wound does not heal easily.

   "You must be Linda. Hi, I'm Beverly. Won't you come in?" Beverly
closed the door and stood right in front of her and said "Linda,
I'm going to show you something but I've got to make sure you can
handle it first. I know that Mr. Hyde embarrassed you in front of
your friends. It was wrong of him, but he's paying for that right
now. You see, Linda, Mr. Hyde has been very bad recently and now he's
being punished for everything he's done. He's on the other side of
that couch right now and if you think you can handle it I believe
he'd like to show you just how sorry he is... and the terrible
price he's paying."

  "Oh...god....please....no...." came a choked moan from behind the
couch. Linda was taken back but then her curiosity got the better
of her.

   "Yes, I believe I can handle it Beverly. At least I THINK I
can." She was obviously interested and she lifted her head a bit
and stood on her toes trying to see where the noise had come from.
Beverly led her through the room and around to the back of the
sofa. 

   When she first saw him she gasped and took a half step
backwards. Then she caught hold of herself and walked a little
closer. Tommy had maintained position. He was lying there with his
legs up and spread wide and his knees bent. His eyes were closed
tight and he was shaking his head back and forth and murmuring
"No...please don't let her see me like this....pleeease....."

   "Look who's here to see you, dear. Open your eyes and say hello
to Linda." Tom slowly opened his eyes and saw the two of them
standing there. The tall mid-thirtyish woman dressed in casual
slacks and a blouse, and the teenager with the short cut-offs and
the legs that wouldn't end. Beverly was smiling at him with a look
of pure innocence, as if there were nothing wrong with this
situation, while Linda stared wide-eyed in disbelief. That
disbelief slowly changed into a look of smug satisfaction as she
turned to Beverly and said "Thank you Beverly. I'm sure I can
handle this! He's getting just what he deserves!"

   "Oh, it's not over, honey. Hardly even started, actually. You
see, Tommy has been such a bad boy that he's going to get a
spanking! Right here. And he's going to ask you to be the one to
give it to him. Isn't that right, Tommy?"

   Tommy's face was scarlet. In spite of himself he had also got a
raging hard-on and he knew that Linda was staring at it, along with
his exposed balls and his winking anus. He was already fucked. He
knew his life wouldn't be worth shit if Linda or Beverly told
anybody about this. "Yes, Mistress" he managed to choke out.

   Turning to Linda, Beverly asked "Wouldn't you like to give him
the spanking that he deserves?"

   "I don't know" Linda replied. I think he deserves to get one but
I don't think I want to be the one to do it. I wouldn't mind
watching, though!" She grinned smugly at Tommy.

   "Oh, well that's a real shame. Perhaps Tommy can change your
mind if he begs you well enough. He had better HOPE that you agree
to spank him..." she added ominously.

   "You see, in twenty minutes Tommy is going to get a spanking.
Either you or I will do it. If you do it, it will be right here in
the privacy of his living room. If he can't convince YOU to spank
him then I will do it myself, only I will do it outside in the back
seat of his car."

   Tommy almost choked when he heard this! He started to sob
uncontrollably. Beverly continued, "If I have to be the one to do
it, I will lead Tommy outside just as he is now, naked and leashed,
on his hands and knees, right up to his car where those four girls
are still sitting. I will put Tommy into the back seat and spank
him until he cries. I will then take him out of the car and lead
him back into the house the same way. This isn't an idle threat, I
assure you I'll do it. The only way that Tommy can avoid this
ordeal is if he can get you to give him the spanking. It has to be
hard and at least 100 slaps. Anything less won't count. Now you
have a choice to make Linda. Are you mad enough at him to see him
humiliated like that, or would you prefer to administer justice
yourself?."

   "I...I just don't know," Linda stammered. "That would be
horribly embarrassing for poor Mr. Hyde..." but Beverly noted to
her satisfaction that Linda's nipples were hard as little
bullets against her top, and she still had that smug little smile on
her lips.

   "Well, I guess it's all up to Tommy then. Tommy, you have 
exactly 20 minutes to beg Linda to give you a spanking. I'm talking
REAL humiliation here! You're to wiggle your ass and beg and plead
and do anything you can to humiliate yourself in front of her and
if you do a good enough job, perhaps Linda will feel that you've
been shamed enough. If not....." She left the rest unspoken. "By
the way, I see that you have a nice little home entertainment
center here... what's this? Oh lovely, a video camera! I think I'll
just set this up here so I can have some fond memories for my
`personal' collection". She laughed as she set the video camera up
on a tripod, turned the power on and began to focus on poor Tommy.

   "First thing Tommy, I want you to reach around with your left
hand and insert your middle finger into your asshole. That's right,
now I want you to take your right hand and begin to jack off for
Linda and me. Remember, DO NOT CUM! If you do, your fate will be
sealed. Now, camera's rolling, you have 20 minutes starting NOW!"

   Beverly stayed by the camera but Linda chose to sit down on the
sofa right in front of Tommy, who was pumping with both hands.

   "Please Linda, please spank me!" He cried. "It was so bad of me
to humiliate you in front of your friends and I'm really sorry.
Please spank me...p-please!"
 
   As the camera whirred, Linda warmed up to this unusual
opportunity. "Take your finger out of your asshole Tommy and use
your left hand to spread your asscheeks as wide as they'll go! Use
only two fingers to rub your dick!" She was really getting into
this. For the next ten minutes Tommy subjected himself to the most
intense humiliation imaginable. He told Linda that he was a naughty
boy and that he really deserved for her to give him a spanking. He
crawled around on the floor slapping his own ass as the camera
followed his every move. The two ladies were laughing hysterically! 
 "This is just too much!" Linda said, wiping her eyes. "You know,
I think I just might spank him, but before I do, do you think it
would be all right if I called my two friends over to see him beg
some more? They'd LOVE it!"

   "I think that's a simply marvelous idea, Linda! What do you
think, honey? Should you ask Linda to invite her friends over to
see you beg some more, or do you want to disappoint her?"

   "P-P-Please L-Linda... please ask your friends to come over to
see me beg..." Tommy was completely out of control. He had gone so
far out on a limb that he knew there was no stopping. Beverly had
so much on him right now that there was no way he could refuse her
anything.

   Beverly put the camera on hold and told Tommy to stop touching
himself, but maintain position. In the meantime Linda grabbed the
phone and anxiously punched in her number. "Hello Tina? This is
Linda, yeah I'm still across the street but you gotta see this!"
she blurted out in her teenage excitement. "Mr. Hyde is over here
with me and another woman and he's got no clothes on! That's right,
he's butt-naked and that's not all... he's being punished! In a few
minutes he's going to get this incredible spanking and I thought
that you and Ellen would like to see it... but listen up. This is
really important. You GOTTA promise never to say anything about
this to ANYBODY. You promise? Great! Come on over, and hurry!"

   This was crazy, Tom thought. Right now he should be at work,
doing his job while trying to cast covert glances at the luscious
asses of his two co-workers. Just 24 hours earlier he had been
doing exactly that. Now here he was waiting for three teenage girls
to look at HIS ass and hear him beg one of them to give him a
spanking! And there wasn't anything he could do about it. He had
degraded and shamed himself to a level that was almost
unimaginable. And it was all on tape! Tommy wiped the tears away
from his eyes just as he heard the rapping on the door. From the
giggling he heard on the other side he knew it was Tina and Ellen.
Linda rushed to the door and opened it. "Come on in, hurry! Remember,
not a word to anybody, promise? Wait till you see this!"

  She led the other girls over to where Tom was lying on the floor.
Just like her, they both stopped and took a half step back. But
then they both put their hands over their mouths and bent over
laughing. Perhaps it was because they had some idea what to expect,
or perhaps it was because there were three of them together, but
they warmed up to the sight almost immediately.

   "I thought you were joking!" Tina gasped, "but this is un-real!
Is he really going to get a spanking?" Both of her friends looked
at each other and started giggling again.

   "Yes" replied Beverly. "I can assure you of that. Right now it's
just a question of who... and where" she added looking down at
Tommy with a smile on her face.

   "Watch this!" Linda said, "Tommy, I want you to apologize for
lying about our...relationship". Then I want you to kiss my feet,
then Tina's feet, then Ellen's feet, and then return to that thing
you were doing before I called them over." Linda motioned to the 
other two girls to sit on the couch with her as Beverly turned the 
video camera back on.

   Tommy got on his knees in front of Linda. "I'm soooo sorry that
I lied to your friends when I said that I wasn't interested in you.
That was a bad thing to do and I beg you to forgive me." He then
put his head down and kissed Linda's sneakers. He crawled over to
Tina and Ellen and kissed their sneakers too. Then he crawled back
to where he had been, got back on his back with his legs up in the
air spread wide and his knees bent and began begging Linda once
again to give him a spanking.

   Tina and Ellen went nuts. They couldn't believe what they were
seeing! Tom began stroking his penis with one hand and spreading
his asscheeks with the other. His anus was opening and closing like
a fish's mouth, gasping in the air, while the three girls laughed,
and the camera whirred.

  After about five more minutes of this, Linda laughingly said "Okay 
Beverly, I think he's begged me enough. I guess I'll give him his
spanking after all." 

   Tears of happiness flowed in Tom's eyes. "Oh Thank you! Thank
you!" 

   Linda made a motion for Tom to get up and drape himself across
her knees. Both Tina and Ellen were still sitting beside her so
they got a great view. Linda lifted her hand into the air and WHAP!
That was one. She was a little surprised by the sound but her hand
felt good against the yielding flesh of Tom's ass. 

   "That's one" Beverly called out. "Ninety-nine more to go and
they better be HARD ones or they don't count."

   Linda began to get a rhythm going. As she slapped, Tom bucked
and sobbed and her two friends laughed their hearts out. Beverly
watched from the side, still directing the video camera.

   At fifty slaps Tom was sobbing out of control. At fifty-five
slaps, a loud buzzer started sounding. It made everyone stop to see
what was going on. Beverly opened her pocketbook and reached in to
take out what looked like a small kitchen timer. "Oh my!" Beverly
said, "looks like time's run out, and you haven't had your whole
spanking yet. What a pity!"

   Tom stopped sobbing almost instantly. He couldn't believe what
he was hearing! She wouldn't really do it, would she? She couldn't
possibly, could she? "NO-NO-NO, it's not fair! You can't do that to
me!" Tom fell off Linda's knees to the floor and began sobbing
again.

   "What was that, mister!" Beverly barked as she walked over and
stood directly over his pathetic form. "Did I hear the NO word from
you, after I've warned you?" Beverly looked down at him and began
chuckling. "I was only going to say that since Linda had not
finished, you were going to have to beg her for some more time.
Tom's heart sunk. "But now you have to be taught once and for all
that you NEVER say NO to me." 

  With that she reached down and picked up the leash. "Let's go, chum. 
We're gonna take a little walk in the fresh air!"




                    "SHAME ON YOU, MR. HYDE!"

                                                   By Dr. Phil

                            PART 4

   Tom's mind was reeling. She couldn't actually be going to do
this to him, could she? She had been just using it as a threat to
get what she wanted, wasn't she? This was unimaginable shame! He
had just spent the last 20 minutes humiliating himself in front of
her and three teenage girls in his own house, begging until Linda
agreed to spank him while they all laughed. Now, was Beverly really
going to follow through with the rest of her plans for him? Oh God,
please don't let it happen...

   "What's she gonna do with him now?" Ellen asked. 

Linda and Tina were too busy laughing to speak but Linda finally got 
her composure and said "You ain't seen NOTHING yet! Just watch!"

   Beverly tugged on the leash and pulled Tom, naked and on all
fours, towards the front door. "You brought this on yourself, young
man. I'm going to teach you a lesson you'll never forget. NEVER say
NO to me again!" With that she grabbed the handle and swung open
the front door, flooding the living room with light from the bright
sunny day.

   "Oh P-L-E-A-S-E don't do this to me Mistress!" Tom wailed. "I've
learned my lesson, honest! I PROMISE I'll never say NO to you
again. Only please don't take me outside like this. Someone might
see me!"

   "Someone's definitely gonna see you alright" Beverly laughed.
"Those four girls who were sitting on the lawn near your car are
still there! And that old woman is still on her porch. You'll be
seen alright. The question is, by how many and for how long?"

   With that she gave one more tug on the leash and led Tommy out
onto his front porch. The three teenagers inside were holding their
stomachs laughing again and their eyes were riveted to Tommy's
flaming red ass. Proof positive of the spanking he'd just received
over Linda's knees.

   Beverly bent over Tommy and whispered quietly "Remember that
tape I just made of you. I can have a lot of copies of that made up
by tonight and you wouldn't believe how vindictive I can get when
I'm not happy." 

   Tommy felt his heart in his stomach. Though it was a warm day
the wind felt cool against his naked body, especially against his
flaming hot asscheeks. With one final tug Beverly led him down the
steps and began the slow trek down the path to the car parked in
front of the house. Nobody had seen him yet. The four girls seemed
to be pre-occupied with their conversation. As they neared the car
one of them happened to look up and she inhaled a big gasp of air.

 "LOOK!" she pointed. 

  Immediately the other three girls stopped what they were doing and 
looked up to see what she was pointing at. He was about 20 feet from 
them, but by the time he got to the car door he would be within 10 feet 
and in full view. His cock was still stiff from his previous ordeal and 
his arms were shaking as he crawled. This only increased his shame.
 
   "That's Mr. Hyde!" one of the girls said. "What are you doing to
Mr. Hyde, m'am?"

   "It's a secret", Beverly said. "Can you girls keep a secret?"

   "YES!" they all chimed. "We won't tell... what are you doing?"

   "It seems that Mr. Hyde here has been a VERY naughty boy and I'm
going to give him a spanking."

   "You can't do that" one of the girls said. "He's too OLD for a
spanking."

   "Oh no he isn't" replied Beverly. "He was VERY naughty and he's
going to get treated just like any other naughty little boy would."

   "Wow!" Another of the girls giggled. "Can we watch?"

   "I'm afraid not, but you'll be able to listen!" With that they
had reached the car and Beverly reached out to open the door.

  "Ooops, it's locked. I don't suppose you have the key on you?" she
laughed. The girls laughed too. Where would he be carrying a key?
Tommy groaned and then Beverly reached into her pocket. "Here it
is, just teasing you!" Again the four girls laughed. Tommy wanted
to die of shame. 

  Beverly opened the car door then reached in to swing the seats to 
their most forward position, giving her as much room as possible. 
She got back out and then ordered Tommy to climb into the back seat 
and kneel on all fours on the seat cushion with his face pressed all 
the way down and his rump up in the air.

  Beverly climbed in after him and closed the door. The first thing
she did was to reach over and open all of the car windows. 

"My, it's stuffy in here. Let's get a little air circulating." 

  Tommy just groaned. They'll hear all right, every slap. Before she
started, Beverly had a few words for Tommy: 

  "Now listen, sweetie. I'm going to spank you until you cry. Do you
hear that? I don't care how long it takes but I will keep spanking you 
until you're crying like a baby. Now if you resist me, well that means 
that we're gonna be out here a looooong time, drawing more attention
every minute. That's all I've got to say."

   With those terrifying words she lifted her hand up and delivered
the first stinging CRACK! right onto his already burning asscheek.

  "Owwwww" Tommy wailed. "Please...." he whimpered. Beverly gave
him no relief but continued slapping his ass, varying the rhythm
and moving from cheek to cheek.

   "Wow! He's REALLY getting it good!" he heard one of the girls
exclaim. The others just giggled. Another of the girls crept around 
the back of the car and stood up to peep into the window on the 
opposite side. When she did she was only about a foot from Tommy's 
head. "WOW!" she said again. "You should see how red his bum is!"

   That was the last straw. Tommy couldn't hold out anymore. He
began crying his eyes out just like a baby. His whole body heaved
and shook with sobs. He was suffering from far worse than the pain.
Tommy, who was still a virgin... who until last night had never
taken his clothes off in front of a woman... who's greatest fear
was that one might laugh at him... had sunk so low that he knew he
could never ever look a woman, of ANY age, in the eye again without
blushing red from embarrassment.

   Beverly heard the tears and stopped the spanking. She opened the
car door and got out, pulling at Tommy's leash until he followed
her. Back on all fours he was led again, up the path towards his
porch and open door. Mrs. Whitford was on her way there too. She
wanted to intercept them before they got into the house. As Tommy
was led up the porch stairs Beverly paused a bit so that Mrs.
Whitford could catch up. This left Tommy kneeling on the top stair
of his front porch with his red ass still facing the laughing
girls, who had followed him back to the porch. One of them reached
out and touched it. "WOW! it's hot!" she said. Each of the girls
wanted to touch his ass while Mrs. Whitford came puffing up the
stairs.

   "I saw what you did!" she said to Tommy. "That was disgusting!
I'm going to call the police and have you ARRESTED!" 

   "Now wait just a minute please, m'am" Beverly said. If you have
him arrested then they'll take him away and give him clothes and
lock him up. If you don't say anything then he'll stay with ME, and
I have LOTS more things in mind for this young man!"

   At that Mrs. Whitford stopped short. She looked down at Tommy,
who was still sobbing uncontrollably and slowly a huge grin spread
across her face. "Now that you mention it, I guess I didn't see
anything after all... and I was out here on my porch ALL DAY!" She
leaned over so Tommy could see her face. "I'm glad you found a
woman who knows how to handle you, Mr. Hyde." She chuckled and
stood upright. As she walked down the steps she took the
opportunity to give his ass one more wallop and then walked back to
her porch, laughing the whole way. "Yup!" she yelled. "I was out
here ALL DAY and didn't see nothing!" 

   Beverly led Tommy back into the house and shut the door as the
four girls yelled "Bye, Mr. Hyde! We didn't see NOTHING either!"
The door swinging shut mercifully closed off their giggling.
 
   Back in the house, the three teenage girls had been anxiously
awaiting Tommy's return. They didn't want to go outside in case
anybody saw them with Mr. Hyde like that. 

   "That was excellent, Beverly" said Linda. "I don't think I ever
had so much fun. The other girls agreed. "What are you gonna do to
him now, Beverly?" asked Tina.

   "That's about all for today, girls. Poor Tommy has had a very
hard day and he's gonna need his rest. He has to go to work
tomorrow. Speaking of hard, I don't think poor Tommy's had a chance
to cum yet. Tommy, would you like to jack yourself off for us
before the girls have to go home? I think you know the required
position."

   Tommy moaned. Would this never end? The three girls went back
and sat on the couch again while Beverly resumed her position at
the video camera. Tommy crawled over and laid on his back in front
of the couch, facing the girls. He lifted his legs into the air,
widely spread and bent at the knees. Beverly warned him not to cum
until all three teenage girls had given him permission... or else! 
Tommy grabbed hold of his throbbing cock and began pumping it hard.

   "No, not like that" Beverly said. "Use just your thumb and two
fingers, and when you start getting close you'd better beg these
young ladies to let you cum. You wouldn't want to see me angry at
you again..."

   That's all Tommy needed to hear. He grabbed his cock in the
prescribed manner and began stroking it while the girls looked on
in wonder. None of them had ever seen an erect penis before today.
Now they were about to see a man masturbate right in front of them!

   It only took a short while before Tommy could feel the pressure
building up in him. He began to beg the girls "Please Linda, please
let me cum, please Tina and Ellen, please... " The girls were
mesmerized. They could see the sweat beading up on his forehead.
They could see him squirming and wiggling his ass on the carpet.
And best of all, they could hear him begging THEM to allow him to
cum! When he was thrashing around wildly, first Tina and then Ellen
told him he could cum. Linda was still holding out. After all, this
was HER revenge and she wanted to savor it. 

  Finally, as he was arching his back and begging her pitifully, she 
smiled a real big smile and said "OK, you can cum... asshole". With 
that the girls saw him go completely stiff. His balls seemed to rise 
up in his sack and nest close to the base of his cock. Suddenly he 
was moaning loudly and his balls were shooting jets of white cum up
into the air. While some of it shot over his head, most of it
landed on his chest and stomach. After he stopped thrashing around
Beverly said "That's it, show's over girls. I hope you enjoyed
yourselves."

   "Oh yes, thank you soooo much Beverly. We had a great time and
don't worry, we won't breathe a word of this to anyone, except to
ourselves of course. We'll be talking this over for a long time!"

   "Glad you could come, girls. Say, are you girls gonna be free
for dinner tomorrow night?" I could make a meat loaf and we could
have Tommy here wait on us! Would you like that?"

   "Great! Sure!" they echoed. "We wouldn't want to miss tomorrow,
especially after what we just saw today! Thank you. Thank you very
much!"

   As the girls left they took one last look at Tommy. He was still
on the floor. Then they closed the door behind them. Tommy could
hear their laughter as the door shut.

   Beverly began rewinding the video tape. "Well, young man. You've
had quite a day, haven't you!" I'm going to leave you now. I've got
some work to do in my studio. You get some rest and go to work
tomorrow. Just make sure that you leave work by 4:30. I want you in
this house before 5:00pm and woe betide you if you make me wait.
Tell Mrs. Peterson that you have a doctor's appointment or
something, but don't keep me waiting.... and remember, no jockey
shorts!"

   Beverly bent down and kissed him gently on the forehead. Then
she grabbed the tape and went out the door.




                    "SHAME ON YOU, MR. HYDE!"

                                                    By Dr. Phil

                            PART 5

   Tom woke up the next morning and for a moment he thought the
entire day before had been a dream. Then as he sat up he winced as
his sore ass rubbed the sheets and he realized that it had all been
real. How could he have done those things to himself! In front of
Linda and her friends and the girls out by the car! God, even
Mrs. Whitford had seen him!
 
   He showered and shaved and began to get dressed for work. He had
already put his jockey shorts on when he remembered that he wasn't
allowed to wear them anymore and he pulled them off. His trousers
felt weird against his bare ass and the soreness would be a
constant reminder of the day before.

   He made himself a cup of coffee and a piece of toast and opened
the door to leave. His car was still parked in the front of the
house where he'd left it yesterday. As he walked out to it he
remembered his last walk to this car and shuddered. He glanced
around but nobody was outside yet so he hurried and got into his
car.

   The seats were still pushed up and he had to close the windows.
Another shameful reminder of what had happened here just a few
hours earlier. Tom drove to work, parked his car, and went into his
office at Venture Publications. He saw Carol and Marie sitting at
their desks, beautiful as always. They smiled at him and for some
reason he blushed deeply. Marie winked slyly at Carol. The two
women knew that he was stealing peeks at them and they delighted in
teasing him along. They purposefully wore sexy clothes to the
office and found excuses to bend over to get files and such when
they knew he was watching them. The secretary, Louise, was another
story. Early fifties, frumpish and widowed. She thought Tom was a
real yuppie bigshot and she avoided talking to him whenever
possible. "Too big for his britches" she said of him on several
occasions.

   In the large private office sat Mrs. Peterson, his boss.

   "Good morning Tom, hope you're feeling better today" she said,
with only partial sincerity. She suspected Tom had been goofing off
yesterday and was irritated because it meant more work for her to
do.

   "Good morning Gloria. Yes, I'm much better, Thanks. Say, I have
a doctor's appointment at 5:00 and I'd like to leave a little early
to make it. Would that be all right?"

   "Fine, Tom" Mrs. Peterson said, and made a mental note to
herself to have a talk with Tom if this skipping of work started
turning into a regular thing.

   Tom put in an uneventful day. Carol and Marie noticed he blushed
a lot quicker whenever they caught his eye. Louise just ignored him
and Mrs. Peterson had to go out for a good part of the day but was
back in the office by 3:30. At 4:30 Tom got up from his desk and
said goodbye to Mrs. Peterson and the girls. He left the office and
drove straight home. When he got home he parked his car in the
driveway. He saw Mrs. Whitford sitting on her porch as usual but
thankfully the rest of the street was empty. He quickly walked into
his house. As he glanced up at Mrs. Whitford's porch he saw that
she was watching him with a big grin on her face. Oh God...

   He was surprised to find the house empty. He fixed himself a
drink and sat in the living room on the sofa and waited. At 5:45
Beverly knocked on the door.

   "Hello Tommy, sorry I'm late but I had an errand to do in town."
She giggled then rushed into the kitchen. "I've got this meatloaf
to prepare and the girls will be here in 45 minutes. You'd better
take a shower while I start in the kitchen."

   Just like that, like nothing in the world was out of order. Tom
walked into the bathroom and took his clothes off. Beverly ran in
once just to make sure he wasn't wearing any underpants and smiled
sweetly at him when she saw that he wasn't.

   By the time Tommy came out of the shower the meatloaf was
already in the oven. He towel-dried his hair and started into the
bedroom to get some clean clothes.

   "Oh no, sweetie. No clothes tonight! Linda and her friends are
coming over, remember?" Tommy looked at her in disbelief but her
face suddenly turned hard and she said. "Down on your knees,
mister. You're going to be serving us tonight."

   She then went to her pocketbook and fished out the collar and
leash she had used the day before and fastened them on him again.
But that wasn't all. She continued fishing through her pocketbook
and came up with a piece of folded pink cloth. "Look what I got for
you to wear!" As she opened it he saw with shock that it was a
large pink baby's bonnet with little ruffles and a bow on each
side! She placed the humiliating thing on his head and fastened it
under his chin with a bow knot. "Oh it's so cute!" she giggled.
 
   "Now Tommy, dear. I want you to be right here in front of the
door, on your hands and knees with your cute ass up in the air so
the girls will see it as soon as they enter. Hurry up, now. Don't
disappoint me."

   Tommy got into position, that damn bonnet made him feel even
more embarrassed, if that were possible, and he waited for the
girls to arrive. It was 6:15 and Beverly was setting the table for
four.

   A couple of minutes later the doorbell rang and Beverly ran to
open it. It was Linda.

   "Hi, hope I'm not too early." When she saw Tommy she started
giggling and said "Like your hat, Tommy!" Tommy's face went
scarlet. Beverly went back to the kitchen and Linda sat on a chair
looking at Tommy. God, this was turning out to be fun! There was
another knock on the door and Linda opened it. This time it was
Tina and Ellen together. They saw Tommy kneeling there and started
giggling all over again.

   Beverly said that dinner wouldn't be ready for another fifteen
minutes and suggested that the girls take Tommy for a little walk
around the house. Linda said "Sure!" and picked up the leash from
the floor. She gave Tommy a light pat on the rump and said "Let's
go Tommy!". When Tommy hesitated slightly she said, tauntingly "You
do want to go for a walk, don't you Tommy?" and she blinked her
eyes several times at him and smiled.

   "Y-Yes, Linda". Tommy said.

   "Oh, that's another thing. I think that from now on I want you
to address me as 'Mistress' Linda. Is that Okay?" Again the eye
blinking and the smile.

   "Y-Yes, Mistress Linda" Tommy managed to choke out. Linda was
smug with satisfaction. Revenge certainly was sweet!
  
   Linda began leading Tommy around the living room. Tina and Ellen
got up to walk with them. "Look at how white his ass is." said
Ellen. "You would hardly believe he got TWO spankings yesterday."
Linda walked Tommy into the bedroom. She tugged on the leash for
him to stop between the end of the bed and the dresser.
 
   "Put your face down on the rug Tommy and lift your ass as high
in the air as you can. Good. Now spread your legs a little wider.
Fine! Now just stay like that for awhile."
 
   Tina and Ellen began poking each other and snorting as they saw
that Linda steadied herself with one hand on the dresser and lifted
her foot so that her sneaker very lightly began to rub Tommy
between his asscheeks and around his scrotum. "Goose! Goose!" she
giggled as she touched the point of her shoe directly on Tommy's
puckering asshole. This made him jump slightly and his stiff penis
bobbed up and down beneath him. That set off another laughing jag
among the girls. Nothing worse than three teenage girls with a case
of the giggles...

   "Let's go, girls!" Beverly yelled from the kitchen. "Dinner's
ready." The girls led Tommy back into the kitchen. The three of
them sat down at the table and Beverly joined them. "Where's Tommy
going to sit?" asked Ellen.

   "Oh, he'll eat when we're through, Ellen" replied Beverly. 
   The four ladies picked up their forks and began eating. "I seem
to have dropped my napkin. Please get it for me Tommy.....thank you
dear.....Oh, please bring some more bread from the counter
Tommy.... thank you dear."

   They kept him crawling around the cold kitchen floor doing
menial errands while they ate and talked about the previous
afternoon.   

   At the end of the meal Beverly got a large bowl and she scraped
the leftovers from all four plates into it and mashed it up.
 
   "Here Tommy. It's time for your dinner now." 

  She placed the bowl on the floor next to the refrigerator and motioned 
for Tommy to eat it. "No hands now, remember?"

   Was there no end to the degradation this woman could heap on
him? Tommy lowered his red face to the bowl and began to eat. The
girls got a case of the giggles again and Beverly got her camera
out of her pocketbook. Naked and leashed, on his hands and knees,
with a pink baby bonnet on his head and a stiff prick, Tommy looked 
hilarious. Beverly clicked away from all angles. "Lift your face
just a little, dear, so I can see it better...that's it... CLICK...
thank you."

   It was now around 7:30pm and Beverly suggested they all go into
the living room. When they got there they she made Tommy get up on
the coffee table and lie down on his back. "You should know the
routine by now, Tommy. Lift your legs into the air, spread them
wide and bend your knees." She opened her pocketbook and took out
the two pair of handcuffs she had used on Tommy two nights before.
"Remember these, honey?" she teased. She fastened the cuffs on him
again in the same manner. Left wrist to left ankle and right wrist
to right ankle. His wrists were cuffed to the inside of his ankles
so he couldn't close his legs. Once again this left him in the most
vulnerable and exposed condition he could imagine. He felt the eyes
of the teenagers burning into his ass like a brand, and he flushed
deeply and squirmed a bit. Beverly then produced a long feather
from her pocketbook and proceeded to brush it lightly up and down
the crack of his ass while the girls looked on in wonder. 

  "WOW! Will you look at him buck!" yelled Tina. "It's a good thing 
you put those cuffs on him!" 

  Beverly continued tormenting him without pity. She'd concentrate
on the underside of his penis for awhile and when it looked like he
might be getting ready to cum she'd hold off while his hips bucked
and he pleaded "Oh P-L-E-A-S-E! P-L-E-A-S-E let me CUM!!!" But
Beverly would just wait a bit and then move the feather back to his
asshole or some other spot. Beverly continued the torment while she
started to speak to the room:

   "I'll bet Tommy here was wondering why I was late getting here
this evening. Well, I had a very busy day. Last night I took the
video tape back to my studio and watched it. All I can say is WOW!.
It came out great! We had Tommy rolling around on his back and
stroking his penis and begging Linda to give him a spanking... we
had him crawling around the floor and slapping his own ass.... more
begging in front of Tina and Ellen.....we had a lovely spanking
draped across Linda's knees... and at the end we had Tommy again on
his back, his reddened behind waggling on the floor, masturbating
in front of the girls and begging them to let him cum! It was
beautiful!" 

  She kept tormenting Tommy with the feather the whole time she spoke. 

  "Anyway, I decided to make four copies of the tape. I have some rather 
specialized equipment at my studio and the copies came out superbly. 
I told Tommy to make sure that he left his office by 4:30 so he would 
be in this house by 5:00pm sharp! The reason for this is because I paid 
a small visit to his office, at 4:45pm!" 

  Tommy began to moan "Oh please no...please...please!" but his hips were 
still moving frantically to the tune of the tormenting feather. 

"I introduced myself to Mrs. Peterson and told her I was your new 
girlfriend. I also met those two other lovely young things...Carol and Marie? 
Yes. Well, they seemed a bit surprised that you even HAD a girlfriend. 
Anyway, I gave each of them a small package. Do you want to guess what 
was in those packages? Exactly! Each package had one of the four copies 
of the tape I had made!" The teenaged girls gasped. Tommy was sobbing, 
but still bucking his hips. He had no choice in the matter.

   "Oh don't worry. I rigged each of the tapes in my studio with a
magnet on the take-up spool so that they can only be viewed once.
But once is all they'll need! Let's see, it's about 7:45pm...
they're probably watching those tapes right now!" Tommy was sobbing
loudly but his arms and legs were pumping up and down and his ass
was wiggling to keep the tip of the feather away from his sensitive
asshole.

   "Can you imagine poor Tommy, having to go to work tomorrow
morning and sit in that office? And he will, too! You see, Mrs.
Peterson may want to fire you, Tommy, but you can't let her. You
had better find some way of begging her to let you keep your job.
You can cry, plead, promise anything you want, but don't let her
fire you. If you do, well, I can make LOTS more copies of that tape
and send it around to all sorts of people. This time without the
magnet so they can watch it over and over and over again!  I did a
little checking on you, Tommy. How would you like your sister in
Philadelphia to get a copy of that tape? Or your mother's friends
in Long Island? And don't forget the lovely snapshots I took
tonight!" 

  Tommy couldn't believe what he was hearing. It had to be
a bad dream, but it was REAL. The girls thought it was pretty
amusing and giggled while they watched Tommy twisting in the cuffs
on the coffee table, still trying to escape the maddening feather.

   "Tommy, dear" Beverly continued. "Your punishment is going to be
an ongoing one, with no relief. Every single day you are going to
report to work in that office, knowing that each of the ladies
there have seen you as you were yesterday. The first night we met
you told me that your worst fear was being laughed at by a woman.
Those women at work are going to be laughing at you every day from
now on..." 

   Tommy was crying "Please... no, don't do this to me... please...
please!" Beverly put the feather down and got up from the couch. 

  "It's been a long day girls, and Tommy is going to have an even
longer day tomorrow. I have to go now, but you girls can stay here
as long as you want. Just unlock him when you leave." She dug into
her pocketbook and threw the keys to the handcuffs on the coffee
table next to the still writhing form of Tommy." Goodnight,
girls... it's been real!"

   The three teenage girls thanked Beverly and walked her to the
door. After she left they all converged on Tommy like starving
vultures. Linda picked up the feather and continued to torment his
asshole. Tina bent over and began licking the underside of his
penis. Ellen put her tongue in his ear. They all mocked him and
teased him saying "Come on Tommy, shoot! shoot!". Finally he went
stiff and began shooting thick spurts of white cum in the air. Some
of it hit the wall behind the coffee table, some of it landed on
his face. The girls were amazed.

   Linda said it was time they were going home so they all lined up
and each gave him a dozen hard slaps on his ass. Then they unlocked
the cuffs, walked to the door, turned out the lights and Linda said
"Goodnight Tommy! Have a nice day tomorrow!" With that they all
left, leaving the front door wide open. Tommy could hear them
laughing all the way down the street. 




                    "SHAME ON YOU, MR. HYDE!"

                                                      by: Dr. Phil

                           PART 6

   Tom Hyde didn't sleep very well that night. After the girls left
he got up, closed the front door and cleaned himself off, all in a
daze. He went into his bedroom to lay down and try to sort things
out. What was he going to do! He began reviewing all of the
shameful things he had done the day before, the things that would
be on that damn video tape! Oh God! Each one was worse than the
other. And everyone at work would be watching that tape right now -
or would have already seen it! Carol and Marie! Louise! Mrs.
Peterson! Had they seen the tape already? Had they seen him lying
naked on his back, rubbing his dick and begging Linda to let him
cum? Crawling around on the floor on a leash, slapping his own ass
and pleading with Linda to put him across her knees and give him a
spanking! Oh God, what was he going to do! And Beverly's threat...
would she really do it if he didn't show up at work? Somehow he had
no doubt that she would. He began sobbing uncontrollably. He was
doomed! 

   He managed to fall asleep a little after midnight. He didn't
remember dreaming anything. The next thing he knew it he was awake
and it was morning outside. As he remembered what was going to
happen to him his stomach began fluttering. He got up and showered
and shaved. When he looked in the mirror at himself it was like he
was looking at somebody else, not him. He got dressed, picked out
a tie and went into the living room. He went into the kitchen to
make some coffee and found the dirty dishes still in the sink from
last night, and a bowl on the floor near the refrigerator. As he
bent down to pick up the bowl in his suit he felt like that
couldn't have been him last night. It MUST have been someone else.
He decided he wasn't hungry this morning, walked out the front
door, got into his car and drove to work. 

  He never remembered the drive to work being so quick before...
Next thing he knew it he was parked near his office building. He
walked into the building and slowly climbed the stairs to the
second floor. The offices of Venture Publications were right at the
top of the stairs on the second floor. As he reached the top of the
stairs he paused by the entrance to regain his composure.
 
  Damn! It sounded like Carol and Marie were already inside. He
could hear them talking. He stood there and listened for a moment.
He heard a giggle and then Marie's voice in a high, mocking sing-
song "ooooh, puhleeese Linda, give me a spanking. oh please oh
please, I've been such a naughty boy!" Carol giggled at Marie's
impression, then she pitched in with "And did you see how young
Linda looked? And there he was lying across her knees while she
spanked him...and her two friends right next to her! I couldn't
believe what I was seeing!"

   "My roommate and I watched it last night" said Marie. "She
couldn't stop laughing. She kept saying, `You KNOW this guy?'.
We tried to replay it when it was over but the tape was blank."

   "So was mine!" said Carol. That woman must have done something
to it. I tell you, she sure did something to Tommy!"
 
  At that comment there was more giggling. Tommy felt his face go
scarlet, He couldn't go in there now. Just then he heard footsteps
coming up the stairs. Oh no, it was Louise! With no place else to
go he put his head down and walked quickly into the office. The
girls were still giggling but they stopped instantly when he walked
in. Tom went right to his desk and sat down without looking up. The
room was silent. Just then Louise walked in. She stood in the
doorway for a minute, then walked right past Tommy and sat down at
her own desk, putting her pocketbook away and getting ready for the
day as usual. Maybe she didn't see the tape? Just then she looked
up at him with a small smile and said "Good morning, Spanky!".

  Carol and Marie choked a little and then giggled. Leave it to
Louise... Tommy didn't say a word but kept his head down. A phone
rang and Louise answered it. He tried to do some work. Every once
in awhile he would glance up and find Carol or Marie looking at
him. Carol glanced away but Marie put the tip of her tongue between
her front teeth and smiled teasingly. He knew his face was red.
Every once in awhile he'd hear a whisper and then a suppressed
giggle. Why couldn't they leave him alone? And why did they have to
dress so sexy today? He shuddered a little and heard another small
giggle.
 
   Around 9:00am Mrs. Peterson came into the office. When she saw
Tommy at his desk she told him she'd like to see him in her office.
He followed her into the office and she shut the door.

   Mrs. Peterson put her briefcase away and sat down behind her
desk. "Tom, I think we have something very important to talk
about."

   Tommy looked down at the desk and didn't say a word.

   "Are you aware that your girlfriend came here yesterday
afternoon?"

   "Y-yes" was all Tommy could get out.

   "Did you know that she was bringing video tapes of your personal
affairs with her?"

   "I found out about it last night. I'm sorry, I didn't... I
don't..." Tommy stammered a bit. He was close to tears with
embarrassment and couldn't think of anything to say.

   "Tommy, she gave the tapes to Louise, Marie and Carol, too."

   Tommy just nodded and sniffed a bit, still not lifting his eyes
above the desk.

   "What you do on your own time is no business of mine... but if
it spills over into the office... if it affects how we work here...
well, that IS my business. Frankly, I can't imagine how you're
going to be able to work with the others after this. I'm really
surprised you even had the guts to come in this morning." She
paused for a moment and when she got no response she continued "The
only way this office can work effectively is as a team, and right
now I don't see how that can continue to happen."

   "Tommy, I'm sorry but I'm going to have to let you go. You've
been a good worker and I hate to have to do it, but I just don't
see how it can work out."

   "It can w-work out, Gloria. Honest. I promise. I can do my job.
You don't have to fire me!"

   "I'm sorry Tommy. I'd like to believe you, but I really don't
see how it can work out."

   "Just give me a chance, please! I PROMISE that it won't affect
my work. I didn't know she was going to do that. You don't know
what she did to me... what she'll do..." Tommy's sentence faded
away.

   Mrs. Peterson sighed. She looked at Tommy for a moment and said
"Well, if you've got the guts to try. I guess I can give you a
chance..." and she shook her head.

   Tommy looked up for the first time. "Oh thank you. Thank you
very very much." His eyes were wet.

   "But understand, Tommy. This is just a chance you're getting. If
it doesn't work out or interferes in any way with the smooth
operation of this office... well, you won't get a second chance."
She let that hang in the air a minute then continued.

   "You know that I've known Louise for nearly 20 years. I trust
her implicitly. Since I'm out of the office so often I'm going to
leave it to her to tell me how things are going on in here. If she
tells me it's not working out, you'll have to leave. Understand?"

   "Yes, Gloria. And thank you very much. You won't be sorry. I
promise." Mrs. Peterson nodded to Tommy to indicate she was through
with him and told him to ask Louise to come into her office for a
few minutes.

   When Tommy walked back into the main office all three women were
staring at him. He told Louise that Gloria wanted to see her in her
office, then sat down at his desk and tried very hard to get some
work done. He could feel the eyes of Carol and Marie on him but he
did his best to try to ignore it. Louise was with Mrs. Peterson for
about fifteen minutes. When she came back out Tommy glanced up at
her. She met his glance with a slight smirk and went back to her
desk. About a half hour later Mrs. Peterson came out and said she
had to go to a meeting and would be back in the office after lunch.
 
  After she left, the office was dead quiet for about five minutes.
There were no phone calls and all four of them worked without any
small talk. At that point Louise got up from her chair and said
"Tommy, I want to talk to you in Gloria's office for a few
minutes", and she walked in. Tommy followed her. As soon as he
entered, Louise shut the door. She turned to Tommy with a big smile
on her face and said "Well, well. I must admit you surprised me.
Are you proud of that tape you made? Were we supposed to be
impressed?"

   "I didn't make that tape, Louise" Tommy snapped out. "God, I
don't know what happened, or how it happened..."

   "Gloria told me that you want a second chance to keep your job
here. She said it seemed very important to you. Is that right?"
   "Yes, that's right."

   "Why, Tommy? Why is it so important?"

   Tommy hesitated, "Because I really like my job and I feel that
this won't affect my performance."

   "Bullshit, Tommy. That's bullshit. All I have to say is one word
to Gloria and you're out of here on your ass. Tell me the truth.
Why, Tommy?"

    Tommy hesitated a bit, then he choked out "Because Beverly said
that if I lost my job she'd send out more copies of the tape... to
my family... my friends... everybody!" Tommy looked down. He was
breathing hard. Louise nodded her head for a moment.

   "Tommy, you've been a royal pain in my ass for over a year, you
know that? And there's one thing I've always wanted to do and now,
by God... I think I'll do it." She seemed in an angry mood all of
a sudden. She picked up a wooden ruler from Gloria's desk and said,
"I've wanted to blister your ass from almost the first day you came
to work here! You, still wet behind the ears, and you try ordering
me around this office I've been at for nearly 20 years. I may be
the secretary here but I've worked with Gloria since the beginning,
and I resented your coming in here like a big shot and trying to
push ME around! I'm gonna do what your mother should have done for
you years ago. What that hussy of yours is doing to you now, it
seems. Drop your pants and lean over that desk. You're gonna get
what's coming to you now!" 

   Tommy couldn't believe his ears! He just stared at Louise for a
minute without moving.

   "I'm not fooling around, son. You'll be out of here today if you
cross me. Understand? Now do what I said!"

   Tommy saw that he had no choice. There wasn't any way he was
going to talk Louise out of this. All he could do was hope she'd
get it all out of her system and be done with it. With a sudden
gulp he wondered if Carol and Marie would be able to hear them. Oh
God, please... he silently prayed. Tommy slowly unbuckled his belt,
opened his fly and let his pants fall to his ankles. Louise watched
him with the anger from her recent outburst still in her eyes. When
she saw that he wasn't wearing any underpants she shook her head.
"Man, you come ready for anything, don't you?" Tommy didn't say
anything. "Turn around and rest your arms on that desk... put your
head down and your ass up." Tommy did as he was told. Louise took
the heavy wooden ruler and rubbed it against his ass. Then she
tapped it against each cheek a couple of times, obviously enjoying
this. Finally she reared back and gave one tremendous WHACK! with
the ruler. Tommy jumped like he'd been shot! He'd been spanked by
Beverly and Linda, but they used their hands. This was the first
time he'd ever been hit with a ruler. 

   "Keep your head down and arch your ass back. That's only one.
We've got a long way to go before I'm satisfied." Tommy bent back
over and gritted his teeth... WHACK!...WHACK!...WHACK!...WHACK!.
She gave him four in a row so fast he didn't have time to move. His
ass BURNED! "Keep your head down I said! This is just the warmup.
Do you want me to call Carol and Marie in here? Do you? They'd LOVE
seeing you like this." She continued whacking him, moving from
cheek to cheek while he groaned. "Those girls have been teasing you
for a year. You know that? ...WHACK!... I think they get off on it.
You think they don't know you stare at their asses every time they
get up to move? ...WHACK!... You're so obvious. You think they
don't notice? They've been teasing you intentionally. ...SMACK!... 
Carol thinks you're cute. I wonder what she thinks now. ...WHACK!
... They'd love to see this, but this one's all mine! WHACK!...
SMACK!

   By this time Louise was breathing heavier and Tommy was crying
"Owwwww!" with each hard slap and wiggling his ass to get away from
her swing. Louise finally stopped for a minute to catch her breath.
Her eyes were like fire. She thought for a minute, like she was
coming to a decision, and then said "On second thought, take your
shirt and shoes off too, and your socks. Everything! Take it all
off. Now!" As Tommy was complying she began moving everything off
Gloria's desk and putting it on the credenza. "Up on the desk. On
your hands and knees. Quick!" and she whacked the ruler against his
naked ass. Tommy quickly climbed on the desk. He felt mortified.
What if someone should come in! 

   "Ahhh Yes!" and she rubbed the ruler against his ass some more.
"Get on your elbows and lower your head. I want to see that ass up
in the air.... gooood!" 

   "I always said you were too big for your britches", she laughed.
"I like you better without britches. Maybe we should keep you this
way whenever you're working!" She was taunting him now and enjoying
every minute of it. She swung the ruler at his exposed ass and
whacked him four more times. "Spread your legs a little. I want to
see your balls hanging down and your asshole winking at me." She
laughed at him as he adjusted his position, then she stood there
staring at his ass for a couple of minutes. He was wide open! She
could see everything he had, and she still wanted more! She wanted
to humiliate this little big shot yuppie bastard who'd been so
snotty to her for so long. 

  "Mister big shot" she said aloud. "You don't look like such a big 
shot now. Roll over onto your back and lift your legs up like you 
did in your movie. That's right... now reach up with your hands and 
grab onto your feet. Good! Now spread your legs... as wide as you can 
get... keep your knees bent... that's it!" When Tommy was in position 
she ran the ruler along his dick, which was hard as a rock. 

  "This turns you on, huh? I can see that. I think deep down inside you 
enjoy getting spanked. Did you like it when that teenage girl had you 
across her knees? Huh? You really get off on this don't you?" She kept 
rubbing his dick with the ruler and taunting him. She held his legs back 
with one arm and swatted his ass a few more times while he was in that 
position. He squirmed and his cock began leaking a little fluid from the tip.

  "Now get down on the floor on your hands and knees. CRAWL slowly
over into that corner." As he began to move she started whacking
his ass again with the ruler. From the corner of his eye he saw two
faces looking at him from the window of the closed door. It was
Carol and Marie! Oh no... the window! How long had they been
watching him? Marie was watching intently with a lust in her eyes
that was almost scary. Carol had her hand over her mouth and was
nearly hysterical with laughter...

   As he slowly crawled to the corner Louise kept swatting his now
red ass and taunting him: "You like getting your ass spanked while
the girls watch, huh? Look how hot you are! You want them to see
you, don't you? Sure you do. I can see how hard you are!"

   Tommy was shaking. He was humiliated to tears and beyond all
control. This was worse than yesterday. These were his workmates,
his associates, people he'd have to work with every day, hell, they
were Carol and Marie laughing at him!" Tommy wanted to die of
shame. When he got to the corner Louise said, "I want you to stay
like that, with your nose in the corner and your red ass on display
for the next half hour. And I want you to think about just how much
you really want to continue working here! After that you can get
dressed and get back to work."

   Tommy wasn't sure of the time, but for what seemed like the next
half hour he stayed in that position. During that time Louise came
back in to straighten up Mrs. Peterson's desk. Carol and Marie kept
finding excuses to come into the office looking for files and such.
Each time, they'd stare at Tommy's ass before leaving. He could
hear laughter coming from the main office. When he was pretty sure
that a half hour was over he slowly got up and got dressed.
Hesitantly he walked back into the main office. He had no shorts on
under his slacks and his hardon made the front of his pants stick
out obviously. Carol and Marie didn't look up at him, but he heard
a muffled laugh as he sat down gingerly at his desk and tried to
get back to work. It was going to be a long day...




                    "SHAME ON YOU, MR. HYDE!"

                                                     
                           PART 7

   Tom managed to get through the rest of the day, somehow. Louise
sent him out to get sandwiches for her and the girls at lunchtime.
Mrs. Peterson returned to the office around 1:30 and noted that
things seemed fairly normal. She looked questioningly at Louise as
she walked to her office and received a positive nod from her that
everything was OK. Maybe she had made the right decision giving
Tommy one more chance to keep his job. As long as Louise was around
to keep watch over things nothing could get too out of hand...

   At the end of the day Tom got up from his desk to go home.
Louise called out "Goodnight Tom, see you on Monday?" The question
was more of a taunt, and she smiled at him as she waved goodbye
with her fingers.
 
   "Goodnight Louise" Tom managed without looking her in the eye.
"Goodnight Tom!" Carol and Marie echoed, but Tom was already out
the door and heading down the stairs.

   He got into his car and drove home. This was the worst day he'd
ever had. He was still in shock over what Louise did to him in Mrs.
Peterson's office. Was she planning more of it next week? She knew
she had him and there wasn't anything he could do about it. He
thought about seeing Carol and Marie looking at him through the
window while he was doing all those things and he shuddered. Louise
was wrong about one thing. He didn't like being exposed in front of
the girls that way. It was horrible! Carol and Marie would never be
able to look at him again without remembering him on Mrs.
Peterson's desk, or kneeling in the corner with his red ass on
display. 

   How could all this have happened to him so quickly? He had only
met Beverly on Tuesday night... three days ago! Last weekend he
spent mowing the lawn and washing his car. He was outside and
everything was normal. After three days of Beverly his life would
never be the same! It was like he'd become an entirely different
person. 

   When he got home he saw those same four girls hanging around in 
the street in front of his house. He got out and with his head down 
walked quickly towards his door. "Hello Mr. Hyde!" they all yelled 
and giggled. He went into his house, closed the door and locked it. 
He looked out his window and saw that Linda had come outside and was 
sitting on her front steps. She was wearing those same white cut-off's 
that she had worn two days ago and he looked at her long legs. Those 
same legs that he'd laid across bare-assed while she spanked him in 
front of her friends. Remembering that made him blush with shame but 
it also caused him to get an aching erection. In spite of all that 
he'd been put through today, or perhaps because of it, and the fact 
that he'd had no relief of any kind at the office, he was horny! 

  The base of his cock tingled as he thought about what must have
been on those tapes that Carol and Marie had seen. He rubbed his
stiff cock through the thin fabric of his slacks and he shuddered
a bit. He saw a small stain begin to appear on the front of his
pants and he decided to take them off. He unbuckled his belt then
unzipped his pants and let them fall to his ankles. He took his
open hand and lightly rubbed it under his dick. This caused the
tingling to get even more urgent. He said "Oh, Shit!" out loud then
kicked off his shoes and socks. He stepped out of his pants and
then took off his shirt and watch. This left him completely naked
with his clothes in a pile at his feet. 

  He lay down on his back in front of the door and tried to imagine 
Linda on the other side of it, sitting across the street on her 
steps, in those little white shorts and those long legs and small buns. 
He closed his eyes and pictured her walking around in those shorts. He 
could see how perfectly her calf tapered to her knee. Then the smooth 
long length of her thighs, and finally the little suggestion of a crease 
where the backs of her thighs met the round lower curve of her ass.....
his balls felt loaded and as he continued to finger himself he felt
he would explode in his orgasm any second. He wanted to prolong
this so he began lightly and quickly stroking the underside of his
penis and squirming until the sensation subsided enough to touch
himself again. 

  He began to softly moan: "Oh, please spank me Linda, and your friends 
too! Oh p-l-e-a-s-e!" He squirmed as he fantasized about two days earlier. 
He began flicking his tongue like a snake and repeating "Please spank me 
Linda... I REALLY want it.. oh, please... " He was writhing on the carpet 
now, lost in his own self-debasement, teasing his penis. He slit his eyes 
open a tiny bit for just a second... and saw two forms standing in front 
of him! His eyes popped open in an instant and his confusion turned to
shock. There were Beverly and another woman, standing right there
in front of him, looking down at what he was doing! 

   "Don't let us interrupt you, Tommy" said Beverly with a smile.
But Tommy had already stopped, although his penis was still rampant
and twitching from his activities.

   "Tommy, I'd like you to meet my friend, Karen. Karen, this is
Tommy."

   "Nice to meet you, Tommy" Karen said, bending down and offering
her hand to shake. 

   Tommy just stared at her dumbly, "How...?"

   "Last night while I was preparing dinner I found a spare key in
the kitchen." Karen drove me over here about a half hour ago - we
parked down the street. Since you weren't home yet I didn't think
you'd mind if we waited inside. We were in the bedroom when you
came in."

   "Don't let us stop you Tommy, you looked like you were about to
cum." Beverly smiled down at him. Tommy didn't say anything but
blushed deeply. "You DO want to cum, don't you Tommy?" When Tommy
just looked down and shook his head Beverly brightened.

   "Oh! You mean you LIKE playing with yourself but not cumming,
right? Well, I think we can help you with that, don't you Karen?"

   "Sure can, Beverly!" Karen laughed. "It would be my pleasure!"

  Beverly continued smiling down at Tommy while Karen went back into
the bedroom. She returned with an aluminum pole about four feet
long. It had straps at the ends and in the middle. 

  "We brought you a toy, Tommy. Let me help you to get into it." 

  Karen placed the pole by Tommy's feet. She attached his feet, one 
at a time, to the straps at either end of the pole. After that she and 
Beverly together lifted the pole up and then attached both of his wrists 
to the strap in the middle of the pole. With all of the straps tied
tight and Tommy on his back, he was left in a similar position as
when he was handcuffed earlier, except that his hands were directly
over his head and this time his legs were spread wide apart and
fastened that way. Once again Tommy's genitals and ass were
completely exposed to the gaze of both women. 

  "He looks absolutely scrumptious, doesn't he Karen?" Beverly
asked. She was rubbing her palms together and looking down at Tommy
as he lay exposed on the carpet. "Let's give him what he really
wants... I told you earlier that I thought we could keep him teased
on the edge for AT LEAST a half hour without letting him cum,
didn't I? Well, let's really go for it. I'll bet you $20 I can keep
him squirming on the edge for.... a whole hour! If I'm right, you
owe me $20. If he cums before then I'll pay you the money... and
whip his ass good for making me lose the bet!"

  "It's a bet, Beverly" Karen laughed back. "But I'm not going to
make things easy on you. I intend to help him along all I can."

   The two women decided to get down to work. Beverly sat down
between Tommy's legs and began to lightly run her fingers up and
down the crack of his ass while he moaned "Oh... God!" She then
leaned over and began lightly licking at the base of his cock while
he thrashed about and pleaded with her to let him cum. Since he was
already so hot Beverly sensed that Tommy was ready to ejaculate so
she stopped what she was doing and watched him twitch helplessly
for a few minutes. Tommy started to cry as she once again began
touching his ass and licking his balls. As she ran her tongue up
his shaft to concentrate just under the head he once again
stiffened as if he were about to cum. Again she backed off, leaving
him bucking and begging for relief. 

  After about ten minutes of this torture Karen decided she needed to 
help swing the scales. After Beverly had again pulled back leaving Tommy 
wiggling like a fish on a hook, Karen pushed her pants down and stepped 
out of them. 

  "Hey, Tommy! Like what you see?" 

  As Tommy watched her through teary eyes she stepped out of her panties, 
leaving her nude from the waist down. She had a lovely pussy lightly 
covered with soft brown hair. Tommy had never actually seen a pussy this 
close up before and the sight of it held him transfixed. His bent and tied 
legs began to tremble as Karen turned her back to him and bent over from 
the waist. Her ass pointed at him like a round target and she wiggled
her hips and laughed. 

  "Hungry, Tommy? Guess what's for din-din..." 

  With that she stood up and turned around. She stood over him and
then squatted down so that her pussy was right over Tommy's face.

  "You know what to do, don't you boy?" she teased. When Tommy didn't
budge she added "Maybe he doesn't! Have you ever eaten pussy, boy?"

  Tommy was in agony but he managed to shake his head no.
 
  "No!?" She gasped. "You mean you've never tasted pussy before?
Let me guess... have you ever been LAID before? Tell me the truth
now or it'll go bad for you." Tommy was in no position to lie. He
shook his head no while he continued to stare at the wet treat that
was just inches above his nose. "Well, I'll be!" said Beverly with
surprise. "We got ourselves a virgin here! Well Tommy boy, you
could have fooled me." Beverly laughed again while Karen said:
"Boy, you are about to taste your first pussy. Get used to it!"
 
  Both women laughed out loud as Karen lowered herself right onto
Tommy's face. "Lick, boy. Get your tongue up there and lick it good
or I'll open this front door and let your neighbors see you like
this." Tommy stuck his tongue out and slowly licked at Karen's
pussy. "That's it!" she encouraged him. "Now wiggle it around a
bit. Concentrate on this spot right here..." and she opened her
cunt lips and pointed her finger to her little clit bud. "Ooooh,
that's right. Suck on it. Now move your tongue back down and lick
me inside and out as far as your tongue can reach... keep it up."

   Beverly resumed tormenting his ass and cock while he licked
Karen as ordered. He was really close now. Bucking his hips like a
bronco while Beverly's hands and tongue worked him over. Again, as
he was about to cum she pulled back and laughed at him as his dick
twitched helplessly in the air and leaked a little pre-seminal
fluid. 

  In this manner the two women kept him thrashing around on the
verge of cumming for what seemed an eternity. Karen moved around
and had him lick her asshole out while Beverly teased him on and
off without pity of any kind. Tommy cried as he licked and sucked,
his tied feet kicked in the air and his asshole opened and closed
in frustration. He came close to release several times, and at one
point Beverly actually thought she had lost him, but she just
managed to pull away in time, watching him twist and moan. "Ohhhhh
pllllease.....please.....PLEASE!" he begged, over and over again.
Karen tried to make him cum but Beverly proved to be too expert,
and as the hour timed out all three of them were exhausted and
sweaty. 

   "I won!" shouted Beverly triumphantly. "I believe you owe me
$20" she said to Karen.

   "Fair and square", giggled Karen, but I'll get it back next
time. The two women decided they needed a shower but before they
got up they looked at each other mischievously. "Why not?" giggled
Karen, reading Beverly's mind. They got up and Karen reached for
the doorknob and swung the front door wide open! It was about
quarter past six in the evening and the summer sun was still high.
Tommy heard the sounds of outdoors as the two women dashed towards
the bathroom to clean up. 

  "Now don't you dare move an inch. I mean it!" warned Beverly. "If
we come out and find you've so much as rolled over you'll spend the
next two hours just like you are now on the front lawn!" Tommy
moaned and writhed in his shamefully exposed position. "If anybody
comes to the door looking for us, we'll be back in a jiffy, Tommy"
said Karen. Laughing hysterically the two women closed the bathroom
door and turned on the shower.

   Poor Tommy was still in agony. He had been aroused almost beyond
his senses. His body was twitching and his hips were bucking
involuntarily. His face was smeared with the slimy ooze of Karen's
cunt, and the smell of it kept him even hotter. To make matters
worse he was on his back in this most shameful position, about
three feet from his wide-open front door! He could hear the yells
of children playing somewhere. Occasionally he'd hear the sound of
a passing car. Could anybody see him? He tried to look between his
legs but all he got was the sight of his incredibly stiff prick,
dripping on his belly. His hips were still bucking pathetically
from the teasing he had received. He felt himself begin to rock
forward and he steadied himself with a panic. He believed that
Beverly would do exactly as she had threatened, so he kept his head
down on the floor and abandoned his desire to see out the door. Oh
God... if anybody sees me like this.... Dear God, make them hurry
up, please! He cried, but he continued twitching and bucking his
hips. He was sooo hot, he thought he would lose his mind!

  An eternity later he heard the shower stop. As he waited there by
the front door he heard the sound of giggling from the bathroom.
Finally both women emerged, smiling. They each wore one of his
bathrobes and had a towel wrapped around their head. Beverly walked
up to Tommy and smiled down at him, "Any messages while we were
away?" Tommy just moaned and bucked his hips a little,
pathetically.

   "Ohhhhh, what's the matter Tommy? Are you hot? Maybe a nice
little walk in the evening air will cool you off." Tommy panicked
but Beverly mercifully closed the front door and to his relief
began untying him from the pole. "Hurry up, we have to get dressed
if we're going out." Tommy winced as he tried standing up. His legs
had cramped from being tied in that position for the past hour and
a half. Beverly put her hands on his back and motioned for him to
stay down. 

  "If you don't mind, I'd like you to crawl into the bedroom. I do
so love watching your ass move when you crawl." Beverly laughed and
slowly walked behind him. "My, but your ass looks quite rosy this
evening. Did Mrs. Peterson do that to you today?"

   "No, Mistress Beverly" Tommy replied. "Louise did it while Mrs.
Peterson was out of the office." 

   "Well! That surprises me. She seemed so quiet and cool when I
was there. Did Carol and Marie see you `get it' from Louise?"
   "Yes, Mistress Beverly."

   "Excellent! Did they enjoy seeing you get spanked in the
office?" Beverly continued, tauntingly.

   "I-I don't know, Mistress Beverly." Tommy stuttered.

   "Well then perhaps I should call them and ask them, what do you
think?"

   "Oh, NO Mistress Beverly!" Tommy begged. "They enjoyed it FINE!" 

   "Well, that's good to hear" replied Beverly. As they entered the
bedroom Karen was already getting dressed. Beverly handed Tommy a
pair of gray sweatpants and a black tee shirt. "Put these on Tommy,
we wouldn't want the neighbors to get the wrong impression during
our walk, would we?" 

   "No, Mistress Beverly" Tommy accepted the clothes and began
pulling them on while Beverly got dressed in her own jeans and
pullover shirt. Beverly looked terrific in her tight designer jeans
and Tommy couldn't help looking at her when she turned around. 

   "Are you looking at my ass, Tommy?" Beverly asked. "What a nice
compliment. I'm glad you enjoy it. We certainly enjoy yours." Karen
chuckled at this and rubbed her hands along her own ass to tease
Tommy a little more.

   When they were finished Beverly and Karen grabbed their shoulder
bags and each took one of Tommy's arms. "We're going to walk down
the street to Karen's car, Tommy." As they left the house Tommy was
embarrassed to see that, since he didn't have any underwear on, his
enormous hardon was plainly visible pushing the front of his
sweatpants out in a pronounced bulge. The women noticed him trying
to cover himself and held his hands tightly to prevent this. They
passed by Mrs. Whitford's porch and Beverly waved and yelled "Hello
Mrs. Whitford!" 

  Mrs. Whitford smiled and waved back. She didn't know where they were 
going but instinctively felt that wherever it was, it wasn't going to 
be good for Tom Hyde, and this pleased her. They passed Laurie and Marcie 
Lyons. The two girls were headed back from the store with a couple of bags 
of groceries. They lived a few houses down from Tom. Did they pass by his 
house on the way to the store while he was lying there with the door open? 
Could they have seen him? Tommy was in agony. The two sisters smiled as 
they passed him and he noticed they both couldn't help but look at the 
huge bulge in his sweatpants. After they passed he heard some muffled
giggling and unintelligible whispers. 

  They finally came to a late model Buick parked by the curb. Karen 
unlocked the passenger side then opened the door and reached in to tilt 
the seat forward.

  "Climb in" she said to Tommy. Beverly then pushed the seat back and
got in the front while Karen went around to the driver's side. As
she started up the car Beverly leaned back over the seat and said
to Tommy, "I want you to lower your sweatpants down to your ankles,
then kneel on the seat with your butt up and your face flat against
the seat. If I catch you touching yourself, even a little, we'll
pull over and make you a very sorry little boy."

   Tommy did as he was told. His cock was still hard and sprang out
when he lowered his pants. It was a little awkward on the back seat
but he managed to achieve the required position, to Beverly's
satisfaction. Karen drove on while Beverly draped one arm over the
back of the seat and fondled Tommy's still red ass. After about ten
or fifteen minutes of driving, Karen pulled off to the side of the
road. There was nothing there except a field of tall grass and some
woods beyond. Beverly got out of the car and, grabbing Tommy's
hips, helped him to back out onto the grass. She told him to kick
his sneakers off and then took his sweats off from around his
ankles. She rolled them up and threw them into the back seat. Tommy
now had nothing on except his black tee shirt. His red ass stood
out even more below the bottom edge of the tee shirt as he waited
there on his hands and knees. Beverly grabbed hold of his tee-shirt
and quicly tugged it over his head and arms and pulled it
completely off. It joined his sweatpants and sneakers in the back
seat. Now he was stripped naked on the side of the road. Beverly
then told the bare assed boy to crawl ahead of them into the field.
She and Karen followed leisurely behind, watching him disappear
into the tall grass. 

  When they got to the far end of the field Karen gave Tommy a little 
goose with the toe of her shoe and told him to keep on going, into the 
woods. Tommy picked his way carefully over branches and shrubs for about 
a hundred yards before they came to a little clearing. There was a small 
pond another hundred feet beyond. Beverly and Karen both seemed to like 
the looks of the place, so they ordered Tommy to stop. "I think this
will do just fine, what do you think Karen?"

  "Oh, I think it's perfect" answered Karen. "Tommy dear, see this
fallen tree trunk here? I want you to crawl over it and straddle
it... yes, just like that. Make sure you keep your ass up. Now hold
it just like that." Karen walked around to where Tommy could see
her. She slowly unzipped her jeans then pushed them down and
stepped out of them. She then took off her blouse and unclipped her
bra. Teasingly she rubbed her tits together then took the bra off
completely. When she finally removed her white panties, Karen stood
completely nude in front of the shivering Tommy. 

  "You like what you see?" she taunted as she shimmied a little in front 
of him, then crouched down and rubbed her hard nipples against his lips.
 
   Karen then got up and began walking towards the pond, looking on
the ground. Finally she found what she was looking for. A small
whippy branch about three feet long. She brought it back and then
crouched down in front of Tommy again. She slowly began stripping
the smaller branches and leaves off of it as she stared at Tommy
the whole while. She licked her lips sensuously then smiled and
said. "Do you know what I'm going to do with this, Tommy?" Tommy
shook his head `No'. Karen giggled and said, "You were a very bad
boy, Tommy! You hurt my feelings. Because I wasn't able to make you
cum when Beverly was teasing you, you made me lose $20. That's a
lot of money. I'm gonna make you wish you'd cum for me. First I'm
going to whip your ass with this switch here. Then I'm gonna fix it
so you'll be begging me to let you cum. You'll be begging ANYONE to
let you cum!

   With those last ominous words she finished stripping the switch.
She tested it by swishing it in her palm a few times before Tommy's
eyes. "Ow!" she exclaimed "I guess this will do just fine!". She
then got up and once again turned around and bent over from the
waist. She put her hands on the ground and peered back at Tommy
between the arch of her legs. She stuck her tongue out at him then
said "I just wanted you to see who's gonna be whipping your ass."
Beverly just sat on another log watching the whole scene with
interest. Tommy's hips started bucking again and the underside of
his hardon was barely brushing against the bark of the log he was
straddling. Karen straightened up then walked to Tommy's left. She
let the switch slowly trace a path along Tommy's back, down and
around the globes of his asscheeks, then finally she brushed the
tip down the crack and watched him jump a little.

   "You cost me $20, so I'm going to give you twenty whacks. Get
ready...." ...PHHHHSSSS K-RACK!... The switch cut through the air
and Tommy jumped and almost got up. "Don't you DARE move, or I'll
tie you down and give you two HUNDRED whacks! Now, count each one
aloud and say 'Thank you, Mistress Karen', or they won't count."

   Tommy's ass was on fire! It felt like he'd been burnt. The
thought of nineteen more of those was almost more than he could
take, but the horror of being tied down and getting two hundred of
them scared him to tears. "One... thank you, Mistress Karen", Tommy
managed to choke out. Beverly smiled at Karen and said "You're very
good at this. I'm impressed." 

   "Oh, you haven't seen anything yet!" Karen beamed, and continued
whipping Tommy's ass with the switch. She was clearly enjoying her
task immensely. By the time she reached twenty, tears were
streaming down Tommy's face. She hadn't broken any skin but there
were nasty looking ridges on his ass each place the switch had
struck him. Interestingly enough, his dick was still hard. Beverly
and Karen helped Tommy to back away from the fallen tree. They led
him a few paces away to a smooth, somewhat sandy patch of ground.
Karen said "Stop crying so much! That was just to warm you up" and
she cupped her hand over Tommy's blazing ass to confirm that he was
indeed warmed up. "Now comes the REAL fun!" 

  With that she opened her bag and took out some pieces of rope. She 
also took out a couple of iron stakes and a small hammer. This woman 
came prepared! Tommy was still on his hands and knees and she pushed 
him down so that his face was on the ground, his cheek resting on the 
cool soil. Both women then took his arms and pulled them underneath 
him, between his legs, and tied his right wrist to his right ankle and
his left wrist to his left ankle. This left him bottom upwards, his
knees spread and his ass wide open. Each of his ass cheeks was a
round globe. The crack of his ass was no longer a crack but spread
wide open. His anus was like a little round 'O', spread open like
that. Licking their lips they dragged him back about a foot and
took great care to position him. If he could have seen where they
were placing him he would have really flipped! About an inch below
his asshole was the top of a good sized ant hill. Karen then took
the two iron stakes and fastened one through each of the ropes that
held his wrists and ankles. With the hammer she pounded them both
deep into the hard ground. This left Tommy permanently anchored in
that position, wide open, his vulnerable asshole like a hungry
little mouth directly over the ant hill!

   Karen seemed pleased with the results but Beverly wasn't quite
done yet. From her own bag she took out a small jar of honey. She
scooped out a nice dollop of it with her index finger and smeared
it right on, and then into, Tommy's open anus! She took a little
more and ran a small bead along the underside of his stiff penis,
put a drop on the underside of each testicle, then sat back in
satisfaction to observe their handiwork. Tommy finally realized
what was going on and he began to panic. He strained against his
bonds but couldn't even come close to budging from his position.
Beverly and Karen then sat back on the fallen log that Tommy had so
recently straddled, and prepared to wait for the fun to start...

   Within minutes the first ants began climbing onto Tommy's calves
and, drawn by the scent of the honey, began moving towards his ass.

   "Don't worry, darling. They're not stinging fire ants or
anything like that. Just your normal everyday ants. We thought they
might tickle your fancy". With that, both women began giggling at
the pun. By this time the first ants had reached Tommy's asshole
and begun probing the nectar they found there. As expected, the
tickling motion of these insects began to have their effect on
Tommy. He tried waggling his hips to ease the tickling sensation
but he was bound helplessly open to their invasion. The first
explorers returned to the hill but then scores of others began
following the trail they had left back to the honeyspot. Within a
few minutes their tiny feet and feelers had poor Tommy begging for
release. He managed to buck his hips a tiny bit but it turned out
to be just enough for his open anus to graze the top of the hill,
knocking the tip of it off. This brought out dozens more and soon
Tommy was wailing as his rump was covered by hundreds of the
maddening little creatures. Several of them were on each testicle,
licking away at the spot of honey deposited on them. Still others
had followed the trail along the underside of his erect cock and
were congregating just under the head of his penis. But, by far,
the greatest concentration had collected around his trembling
asshole. A few had ventured inside a bit and were scraping the
honey off the walls with their tiny mandibles. 

   The sensation was indescribable torment. While the hundreds of
tiny probing feet stimulated his nerve endings to nearly the point
of orgasm, the randomness of their movement, coupled with their
incredibly light touch, kept him from going over the edge! He was,
in effect, held prisoner, on the hairy edge of orgasm, without
relief, for as long as the tiny torturers remained.
 
   These women knew their anatomy well and they watched
breathlessly as the poor boy, tied so helplessly exposed, was held
RIGHT ON THE EDGE by these maddening little creatures.

  "Ohhhhh! Help! I'm sooooooo close. Please! let me cum....
unnnghhh..." Tommy was blubbering. 

   Beverly and Karen were fascinated. They tried imagining the
sheer torment that Tommy was feeling and the thought made them
squeeze their thighs together. It was beyond their imagination. Ten
minutes of this should be unendurable, but Tommy was tied! He HAD
to endure it! An hour of this was completely unthinkable. To be
held at the edge of orgasm by these mindless terrors for a whole
hour, it was.... unthinkable! Nodding at each other the two women
finally got up. Karen put her shirt and slacks on as Beverly walked
over to where Tommy was trying to squirm. She patted his red ass,
careful not to disturb any of the busy ants and said "We've got to
go now, Tommy. It's getting late and soon the mosquitoes will be
out. We'll leave you with your new found friends. I'm sure they'll
be happy to keep you company tonight. We'll be back to get you in
the morning. Keep a stiff upper-lip!" 

   "Goodnight, Tommy!" Karen added as the two women began walking
back towards the field, and the car. As they walked they heard
Tommy's plaintive cries 

  "Help! P-L-E-A-S-E, don't leave me like this. Please let me cum! 
Mistress Beverly! Mistress Karen! Pleeeaaase! ANYBODY! Please, I can't 
stand this. Let me cum....."

   His sobs and pleas grew dimmer as the two women crossed the
field. "I suspect this is a night he'll never forget" said Beverly.
Karen put her arm around Beverly's shoulder and said "Thanks Bev,
I can't remember ever having such a good time on a blind date!"




                    "SHAME ON YOU, MR. HYDE!"

                                                       
                            Part 8

   Tom Hyde couldn't believe the two women would actually leave him
this way! They had thoroughly whipped his ass and left him tied up
in the small clearing by the lake. His wrists were tied beneath him
to each ankle and as he knelt there with his feet apart and his
face in the dirt, his red ass was spread wide open to Karen and
Beverly. The two women had positioned him so that his open asshole
was barely grazing the top of an anthill and they had pounded iron
stakes into the ground through his ropes to keep him in this
vulnerable position. The generous dollops of honey in and around
his anus and on his cock and balls added to their amusement and
within minutes the maddening little creatures from the hill were
driving him frantic! Too light a touch to allow him to cum, yet
persistent enough to keep him blubbering on the edge and begging
for relief. The two women sat there and watched him until he was
begging pitifully.

  "We've got to go now, Tommy. It's getting late and soon the
mosquitoes will be out. We'll leave you with your new found
friends. I'm sure they'll be happy to keep you company tonight.
We'll be back to get you in the morning. Keep a stiff upper lip!"

  "Help! P-L-E-A-S-E don't leave me like this! Please let me cum!
Mistress Beverly! Mistress Karen! Please! Anybody! Please! I can't
stand this! Let me cum..."

   As Karen and Beverly walked back to the car Tommy was thrashing
his head wildly and begging, but the tight bonds held his lower
body perfectly immobile to the ravishing of the mindless terrors
that tormented him. They were nature's most perfect torturers! An
hour of this and he'd surely go mad, or die of a heart attack. But
Tommy was young and strong and destined to sustain the torment of
the long night. 

  For over an hour his pitiful cries echoed across the lake and
through the woods, but there was nobody to hear him, no relief from
his torment. The ants did a number on him, torturing him senseless
with their tiny movements and scrapings, holding him sooooo close,
so very close to the edge of orgasm but not quite close enough to
send him over that elusive edge. He blubbered and shook and sobbed
and begged, but no mattter how close he got, the lightness of their
touch and the randomness of their movements would not let him cum.
If there was a hell, then he was in it.
 
  After the sun went down the activity of the ants began to abate
and, blessedly, come to an end. But his ordeal was not over by a
long shot! With the night came the buzzing of the mosquitos...
Drawn to the warmth of his body and especially to the heat of his
whipped ass and groin, they congregated and fed. Throughout the
night he could hear them buzzing around him. He could feel them
ever so lightly land on his ass and thighs. Occasionally he'd feel
a sting as a particularly large mosquito inserted its proboscis
into his searing flesh and drank its full.

   Shortly after that the itching started, maddening him as it
drove him to wiggle his ass as much as he could, but he was still
held wide open by the ropes and stakes.

   The long night wore on and on... Somewhere Beverly and Karen
were sleeping, wondering how he'd survive this night of torment.
Linda and her friends were probably remembering their two nights
with him as they slept in their cozy little beds at home, their
knees pulled up tight and their fingers probing and tickling
between their thighs, rubbing themselves off to orgasm after
orgasm. For Tommy, however, it was a night of torment beyond
anything he could have ever imagined. He prayed to be able to fall
asleep, or at least pass out, but the buzzing and itching held him
prisoner to the long night.
 
  After an eternity, the first rays of dawn and the chirping of
birds signalled an end to this worst of all nights. The mosquitos
began to leave him in peace, but, just like demonic relay partners,
the ants began getting active again! There were still traces of the
honey that attracted them back to those same familiar places. Once
again he was howling and crying as they drove him to the brink of
madness, not letting him cum, but keeping him ever so close...
 
  When Beverly and Karen finally showed up around 9:00am he was
blubbering like a baby. In his wild thrashings he had managed to
loosen one of the stakes just a little so that he was swiveling one
of his hips, trying in desperation to drive the ants away, but they
continued to torment his anus and continued crawling along the
underside of his engorged cock. His balls, which were also covered
with ants, appeared bloated, filled with the semen from countless
hours of arousal and denied orgasm. They were heavy in their sack,
causing them to nearly touch the ground at the base of the anthill.

  Karen and Beverly surveyed the scene with intense interest. Tommy
looked like a sacrifice, or the main course in some unbelievable
feast. Indeed they were right! As he continued blubbering
nonsensically and pathetically swivelling his hip, Beverly walked
in front of him. She crouched down and held his face in her hands
and peered questioningly into his eyes. Slowly he began to
recognize her! He had been driven nearly insane, perhaps partly so,
but when he recognized her face he began begging pathetically:

  "P-p-lease, M-mmistress B-beverly" was all he could manage. He
had developed a pronounced stutter but it looked as if he had
survived the night. Gently Karen took a damp cloth and began wiping
the ants off of his body.

   "Wow!" came a hushed gasp. "I've never seen anything like this
before in my life!" "Me neither" piped up another, younger voice.

As Karen got rid of the ants Tommy realized that the two women were
not alone. Through his stupor he began to hear the sounds of
several other people standing nearby. Beverly and Karen had brought
some friends! When Beverly released his face he turned his head
slightly to take in the group. He squinted his eyes through his
burning tears and noticed, to his shock, that Marie and Carol were
both staring at his ass in wonder! He gasped again to see young
Linda, who he had humiliated a couple of weeks earlier, standing
beside Mrs. Whitford, who stood there rubbing her chin and
chuckling as she began to piece together the ordeal he must have
been put through!

  So that was it... Beverly and Karen had called the others and
invited them to come along this morning to see him like this! It
kinda figured, but even after the humiliation he had received at
each of their hands he was still mortified to have them witness his
punishment at the hands of Beverly and Karen. Mortified, but still
grateful for the release. He turned his head back to Beverly and
lowered his face to her shoes. He began kissing them, oblivious to
the shame, and begging her to please never make him go through a
night like that again. It would surely kill him. He cried on her
shoes and begged and stuttered his undying devotion to her as he
begged her never to do that to him again. He was so pitiful that
even Linda had to chuckle a little. Carol and Marie continued
looking at his ass in wonder as they saw the welts rising up from
the countless mosquito bites. They had feasted on him, all right,
and the itching was going to be a continuing torment and reminder
to him for many days.

  "Oooh, you poor thing..." Beverly cooed. "That must have been
awful! I hated having to do that to you Tommy, but I had to make
sure you would be obedient today. I certainly hope I never have to
put you through that ordeal again, but that's entirely up to you.
Will you be a good boy and obey everything I command?"

  "Oh, yes Mistress Beverly. Anything... I promise!"

  "Well that's certainly the right attitude, and a good start for
what's ahead." She motioned to the other women to seat themselves
on the fallen tree and a few large rocks as she turned her
attention back to Tommy, who was still groveling at her feet and
stuttering out his promises to her.

  "Tommy, I think you realize by now that you are no longer a free
man. You are completely at the mercy of my whim, and the desires of
these fine ladies here. Wouldn't you agree?"

  "Oh yes, Mistress Beverly! I agree!" There were a few snickers
from the group as he blurted that out.

  "That makes you my slave Tommy. Do you realize that? You are now
my slave, my property. I can do whatever I want to you, for no
other reason than my own enjoyment. Isn't that right?"

  "Y-yes, Mistress B-beverly. I'm your slave. I'll do anything you
say."

  "Good! But you're not just MY slave, you know. You're also going
to become the slave of each of the women here.... Karen and Linda
and Mrs. Whitford, and even Carol and Marie! What do you think of
that? Any objections?" The other women glanced at each other and
Carol and Marie giggled a bit.

  "No, Mistress Beverly... I-I mean YES Mistress... I mean NO,
Mistress Beverly. I have no objections..." Tommy was sniffling a
bit, and more than a bit confused, but he was so scared of Beverly
right now that he was petrified of saying the wrong thing. "I'm
glad I'm their slave."

  "Excellent! Then you'll be happy to hear that I've decided that
you're to spend one night a week from now on serving each of your
new Mistresses. Since Linda lives at home with her parents I've
decided that her day with you will be Saturday. You will give her
a key to your house and you will be available to her to use, or
play with, or spank, or show off to her friends, or do anything she
wants all day Saturday... EVERY Saturday. Do you understand me?"
  Linda clapped her hands in delight as she heard Tommy stutter out
"Y-yes Mistress, anything she wants. I p-promise."

  "Good! Then Monday nights will be for Mrs. Whitford, Tuesday
nights will be for Marie, Wednesdays for Carol, Thursdays for Karen
and Fridays will be for me! That's every week from now on, slave.
Do you understand what this means? Anything they want! And Fridays
for me. Fridays will be very important to you, young man. Because
if any one of these ladies expresses even the slightest
disappointment with you during the week; anything, from being too
slow to lay across their knees for a spanking, to hesitating even
slightly if they want to show you off to their friends. Any
disappointment at all will cause you to spend that Friday night
back here with your little friends by the lake, only it will be
even worse. Do you hear me?"

 Tommy started blubbering again. "Oh please, Mistress Beverly.
Don't tie me up here again all night! It would KILL me! I'll do
anything you or the others say. I promise. Please...." and his
shoulders shook as the other women smiled and contemplated the
future. They each had their very own slave, for a whole night every
week. EVERY week! They could do whatever they wanted to him or make
him do whatever pleased them! This was wonderful!

  Tom hadn't had an opportunity to let all of this sink in yet. All
he knew was that he would do anything to keep from going through
another night like the one he had just had. When it finally hit him
that he was to be the permanent slave of six ladies ranging in age
from a perky teenager to a woman in her 50's he would nearly die!
 
  Carol! Petite little Carol from work, who had always seemed so
shy. He was to be her slave! Every Wednesday night from now on he
would be at her apartment, across her lap if she wished, or bent
across a table or stool where she and her friends could spank him
and look at him whenever they chose! It was clear to him now that
Beverly had included Carol and Marie in on this just to humiliate
him. 

  Oh God, Marie! And she had a roommate too! She was always teasing
him at work. Well every Tuesday night from now on she and her
roommate would be teasing him... and more! He always suspected she
had a little cruel streak and he was about to find out exactly how
cruel she could be! She was into parties. He shuddered to think
about the treatment he'd be receiving at her hands. She'd have him
dancing to her tune all right. Serving drinks, maybe wearing a
little apron, entertaining in the most humiliating ways possible.
She'd make good use of him, that was certain.

  Mrs. Whitford had her own plans already. She hadn't had a man
around her house for a long time and she relished the thought of
this young man at her beck and call one night a week. She had
plenty of work for him to do. Carpentry and plumbing, household
chores and yard work. She smiled inwardly as she thought of him
doing all those chores in the nude! Even the yard work! Her back
yard was pretty secluded and bordered only by Tom's property and an
empty lot, so it was reasonably private. She could sit in a lawn
chair and watch him sweating in the garden, stark naked, bending
over and pulling weeds, trimming hedges. When it got too dark she
could turn on the floodlights so he could continue. All those
little jobs around the house would finally get done and she'd have
some fun watching it.

  Karen had completely different plans for Thursdays. She'd have
him on his knees eating her out for hours at a time. Whenever she
felt horny, and that was almost always, she'd have his tongue at
her disposal. If he didn't do it right, or even if she just felt
like it, she'd strap him down and whip his ass good. That always
made her even hotter, so soon she'd be sitting on his face again,
rubbing her pussy against his lips, rubbing her clit against his
nose, laughing as she saw his dick throbbing for her! He'd throb
all night as she alternately tormented and played with him,
depending on her mood. Karen would be a very demanding mistress
indeed!

  Linda was going to spend her Saturdays exacting her revenge for 
the humiliation he had caused her! Tina and Ellen would be 
available to help her, and she could invite a few more of her
friends over whom she trusted. She had got a real thrill seeing
Tommy on his hands and knees with that ridiculous baby bonnet on
his head. She knew it had humiliated him greatly so she decided
that a lot more of the same treatment would be a good way to get
back at him. She'd put him in diapers and make him crawl and drink
from a bottle while her friends watched and took pictures of him.
She would get him a nice playpen so he could lie in it and jerk off
for them! She could even invite those four girls in who had seen
him being punished in the back seat of his car! She knew that the
spankings and diaper changes would amuse them greatly while causing
Mr. Hyde a lot of discomfort. He'd pay dearly at her hands!

  Beverly looked around at the scene she had before her. Tommy was
still tied up on his hands and knees, spread wide and sobbing at
her feet. His dick was throbbing and his balls were hanging low and
full. Around him were seated six ladies, each thrilled at having
him as their personal slave, if only for one night a week.
 
  Things had turned out pretty well, it seemed! Certainly better
than she had planned when she'd first seen him sitting in that
tavern only four nights ago. But then again, she had always had the
ability to make the best of situations as opportunities presented
themselves.

  As for her Fridays, well, whenever Tommy had proved to be
obedient and escaped the torment of another night in the woods,
she'd have him spend Friday nights at her studio in town. She was
going to use her night as an opportunity to indulge all of her
bizarre sexual fantasies. She now had a slave who couldn't say no
to anything and she planned to make good use of him.

  She'd spend her leisure time photographing him in all the
indecent poses her dirty little mind could come up with. The first
thing she'd do is make him sign a model's release form and then
she'd be free to do whatever she pleased with the pictures, even
sell them to magazines if she felt she had some particularly good
ones. She was smart enough to know that the best way to keep him
tractable was to keep him aroused and begging. When she was tired
of taking pictures or needed to get some work done she would keep
him in a little cage, or tied on his back with his legs bent in the
air and spread wide. It would be good inspiration to her and it
would also prove to be a nice diversion for her twin nieces, whom
she often had over to visit her. They could amuse themselves with
him in that position while she got her work done or ran an errand
or two. They were good girls, but a little devilish, and she was
sure they'd enjoy playing with him like that!

  Poor Mr. Hyde! If he only knew the full extent of his future
serving these women... but even if he did, it wouldn't change a
thing. He had gone far past the point of being able to do anything
to prevent it.

  Beverly licked her lips as she released Tommy from his bonds. She
made him crawl to each of the ladies, kiss their shoes and beg them
to keep him as their slave. He also had to lay across each lady's
lap for a sound spanking as he cried for it to end. It was
particularly embarrassing being spanked by Carol. She seemed almost
as nervous as he, but she soon warmed to the task of warming his
backside, egged on a bit by Marie's encouragement.

  After he had visited each of the ladies Beverly made him kneel in
front of the group and jerk off while they laughed and hooted and
told him how cute he looked. He was ready to shoot in less than a
minute but Beverly insisted he hold out for at least five minutes
before letting him release his pent-up load. As the timer clicked
off the last seconds, his face was beet red and the veins in his
forehead were bulging from the intense desire to release. Finally
he sprayed his hot white load high into the air and collapsed on
the ground, his body wracked with convulsions as his ejaculations
continued. Over a dozen spasms later he finally stopped jerking his
hips. The load from his balls had finally been released but even he
knew that this was only a temporary relief. It was Saturday, after
all, and he belonged to Linda the rest of the day.

  Beverly made him crawl back to the car and put him in the back
seat. When they got to his house she allowed him to put his
sweatpants and tee shirt back on for the walk from the car to the
front door. This was a temporary situation to avoid any
embarrassment on Linda's part as she went along with them into the
house.

  Once inside, they stripped him down completely and made him get
on his hands and knees. Linda found the baby bonnet from the other
night and placed it back on his head while Beverly re-attached the
leash to his collar.

  "You have my number, Linda. Don't forget to let me know if he
even slightly disappoints you. I'll know how to handle him!" 

  Linda hugged Beverly and thanked her several times.

  As Beverly opened the door to leave, Linda was already picking up
the phone to call Tina and Ellen. They had a full day ahead of them
and a lot of preparations to make! She looked at Tommy crouched
crab-like on the carpet and smiled. He looked at her pathetically
from beneath the hated pink bonnet. The intense misery in his eyes
made her feel smug with confidence as she dialed Tina's number.
Life sure was great when you were young and in control!




                    SHAME ON YOU, MR. HYDE!"

                     
                            Part 9

  When Tina answered the phone, Linda nearly bubbled over with
excitement telling her about the arrangements Beverly had made, and
that Mr. Hyde was now a slave! Not only that but he was to be HER
slave every Saturday, from now on! 

  From his position on the floor, crouched crab-like on his arms
and knees with his bare ass up in the air spread wide and inviting,
Tommy could hear Tina's squeals of delight as both teenagers
chatted excitedly over the phone about their plans. On two
occasions Linda had to reach down and slap his already red ass and
warn him to stop fidgeting. Eventually she sat down in a chair and
crossed her legs on his rump, using him as a footstool while she
finished her conversation with her friend.

  "OK now, you're sure you can get the stuff? Great! You should see
him now... He's totally naked except for that pink baby bonnet on
his head and I'm using his rear end for a footstool! Yeah, he looks
miserable. Wait till tonight when the others come over! He thinks
he's miserable now! Hurry up and come on over. I'll call Ellen now
and see if she's home. See ya!"

  After Linda hung up she immediately dialed Ellen's number. When
Ellen finally came to the phone Linda repeated the whole story to
her, even pausing to slap Tommy's ass again just so he wouldn't
think she'd forgotten him. Ellen told her that she, too, could
bring over a few things and Linda told her to hurry because Tina
was already on her way. 

  After she hung up, Linda just sat there for a few minutes looking
at Tom. She used her toes to massage his asscheeks a bit and even
poked her toes in between them while she giggled and taunted him.

  "You don't look like such a big shot now, Mr. Hyde! Beverly
really did a number on you but now it's MY turn... I'm still pissed
at you, you know. You weren't very nice to me in front of my
friends. I'll bet you never thought that someday you'd be my slave, 
did you! Well, did you?" and she goosed him with her toe.

  "N-n-oo, Mistress Linda" Tom replied nervously.

  "No, I'm sure you didn't. But you ARE my slave!" She laughed.

"Now it's my turn to get even with you for being such a nasty shit
to me! I know that bonnet that you're wearing embarrasses you. I
can see that. That's exactly why you're wearing it! You're gonna
wear it in front of my friends, and that's not all you're gonna do!
You're gonna be soooo embarrassed, Mr. Hyde!" She giggled as she
continued massaging his ass. Tommy just sniffled as the doorbell
rang.

  "I'm coming!" Linda got up and patted Tom's rump as she walked
towards the door and opened it.

  "Gimme a hand with this" Tina said, and both girls walked down
the steps. Tommy could hear them struggling to bring something up
that sounded like it was on casters. When they finally maneuvered
it through the door Tommy saw with horror that it was a playpen!

  "This is great, Tina! You sure nobody will miss it?"

  "Positive" Tina answered. "And I got some other neat stuff too,
look!"

  "All right, wow!" Linda exclaimed as she saw the Teddy bear and
rattle. "I hope nobody saw you dragging this thing across the
street. Even if they did you can always say that Mr. Hyde was baby
sitting someone and wanted to borrow it."

  They closed the door and rolled the playpen into the middle of
the living room. The two girls crouched down and began touching
Tommy all over and lightly stroking his hard penis. "Look what Aunt
Tina brought over for you, Tommy! Isn't it wonderful? Say 'Thank
You, Aunt Tina'." 

  "Th-thank you... Aunt Tina" Tom managed. Just then the doorbell
rang again. 

  "Hurry up, you guys. It's me!" 

  Tina opened the door and saw Ellen standing there with her arms
full. She had a couple of baby bottles with nipples and some
assorted clothes and things piled in her arms. She dropped them on
the sofa and went over to see Tommy. 

  "I brought the Polaroid over too. I've got a couple of fresh
packs of film with it."

  "Great! Thanks a lot Ellen. You guys sure came through!"
  "It was our pleasure!" Ellen laughed. "I've got all day today and
tonight too. I want to have some fun!"

   "That's fine with me", Linda replied. "I got an idea to get
things off to a good start. Take off your panties and roll them
into a ball." Linda shucked off her shorts and removed her white
panties. She put her shorts back on and stood waiting while Ellen
and Tina did likewise.

  "Fetch, Tommy! Bring it back!" She laughed as she threw the
panties to the other side of the room. She used her foot to push
Tommy in that direction. "Don't use your hands, just your teeth.
Crawl over there and bring them back to me."

  The girls laughed as they saw Tommy crawl over to the panties on
the floor. He lowered his head and picked them up in his teeth.
Linda sat down on the chair and waited for him to crawl back to her
with the panties dangling from his mouth.

  "Don't get too much drool on them! That's a good boy!"

  The other girls sat down on the sofa and began tossing their
panties around the room too. Tommy had to scramble to keep up with
them. If he took too long retrieving them the girls would slap his
ass and urge him to be faster. 

  "Hold them by the crotch, Tommy, not the waistband." Linda
ordered. Ellen snapped a picture and they all paused to watch it
develop. "Oh, he looks so cute with that pink baby bonnet on and
the panties hanging from his mouth. I'm sure Beverly will love this
one! Maybe Marie can put it on the bulletin board at work!" They
all laughed and resumed their game of fetch with a now truly
miserable Tommy.

  While Ellen and Tina continued the game, Linda got up and went
into the bedroom. She came back with a white sheet from Tom's bed.
She then got a pair of scissors from the kitchen and sat on the
floor, cutting.

  "Whatcha doing, Linda?" Tina asked.

  "I'm making Tommy some nice diapers. Help me out."

  Tina got down on the rug and helped Linda measure and cut four
large squares of cloth. "These look just about right! Come here
Tommy. We want to try one of these on you."

  "No, please!" begged Tommy, hesitating.

  "Oops, looks like I'm gonna have to tell Beverly you were bad
today!"

  "No, please don't tell her that!" Tommy panicked. "I'm coming".

  "Hurry up or I'll tell her!" Linda threatened as Tommy crawled
over to the girls. They folded the cloth into a diaper, then made
Tommy lie on his back with his legs up while they worked it under
him and brought the corners around his waist and between his legs.

  "Wait, don't forget the powder!" Ellen yelled, as she brought the
baby powder over and a handful of large safety pins. They sprinkled
him with powder then pinned the corners of the diaper in place.

  "Wow! Wait till the others see this!" Linda exclaimed gleefully.

  She made Tommy roll over again and sit up with his legs spread.
They made him suck on his thumb and pose for the camera while they
laughed at him. Ellen thought he had too much hair for a baby so
they undid the diaper and used the scissors to trim his groin hair
very low. Linda got some shaving cream and a razor and the two
girls went to work shaving his crotch and legs. In about ten
minutes Tommy's crotch was completely bald. They even pulled his
legs back and got the little hairs between his asscheeks and around
his anus. When they were finished they fastened the diaper back on
him and gave him a bottle with a nipple to suck on while they took
some more pictures.

  Tom was embarrassed beyond belief, but he was trapped. He had to
obey every command of these mischievous young ladies, his
neighbors, or he would face another night at the lake and that was
unthinkable. He crawled around on the floor in the diaper and
bonnet while they jeered and took pictures, knowing that he was
getting even deeper under their control with every flash of the
camera, but he couldn't rebel now. It was a one-way street and
there was no backing out at this point. He had no choice but
continue going down. He was shamed to tears, and this was only the
first day!

  The girls made him drink bottle after bottle of water from his
nipple. Eventually, nature began to call and he looked pleadingly
at them and asked to go to the bathroom.

  "Is it number one or number two?" Linda asked.

  "Number one" Tom answered uneasily.

  "Sorry Tommy, but that's what your diaper is for" she giggled,
unmercifully.

  "Please Linda!" he begged pathetically "I really have to go,
bad."

  She was unmoved, and mischievously made him drink another bottle
of water. Tommy began squirming in agony. His legs were shaking and he was
doing everything he could to hold it in, but it was a losing
struggle.

  "Please!" he begged again. "Don't humiliate me this way!" He
sniffled a bit and continued squirming.

  "You know, you sure cry a lot. Maybe that diaper and bonnet are
appropriate on you. You had better get used to them because you're
going to be wearing them every Saturday from now on. 

  "Please!" he struggled to hold it in, but he was shivering and
squirming on the rug. The three girls gathered around him and
watched and waited for the inevitable to happen.

  "I want you to look right at us while you wet your diaper, Tommy.
Don't look away or we'll make you sorry!"

  As he looked at the three teenagers smiling at him he couldn't
hold out any longer. He felt the first warm trickle into his
diaper. Once the floodgates were opened, he couldn't stop the flow.
He peed and peed, feeling his diaper getting sopping wet with the
warm liquid. The girls were laughing at him as they saw what was
happening. He was humiliated, but it felt so good to release the
flow that he actually sighed as he did it!

  When he was finished Linda warned him not to move too much.
"Looks like we're gonna have to get you some plastic pants to wear
over your diaper, Tommy! We don't want you staining the rug."

  In his wet diaper they made him crawl from the living room onto
the cool linoleum floor in the kitchen. When he got there they made
him lie on his back with his knees up and spread while they
unfastened the pins holding his diaper on. As they removed it they
could see his cock and little hairless balls, sopping wet. They
pulled the diaper off of him and used a washcloth to clean him off.
They dried him then left him lying like that while Tina got another
diaper from the living room. Linda sprinkled some more powder on
his genitals and ass while Ellen took another picture. Finally Tina
slid the new diaper under him and fastened it with the safety pins.

  "There! All nice and dry. Have another bottle, Tommy. We'd better
cut up some more diapers for you - you'll need them for tonight!"

  They made him sit on the floor and play with some of the toys
Ellen brought over while Linda got on the phone and called a few
more of her friends. By the time she'd hung up she had another six
girls who were coming over in about an hour. Most of them knew Mr.
Hyde and couldn't believe that Linda was serious, but Linda felt
they could be trusted and told them to bring some soda and chips
and they'd see for themselves.

  One by one the new arrivals knocked on the door, and one by one
they cracked up hysterically when they saw Tommy sitting on the
floor! When they had all arrived Linda made Tommy crawl to each new
girl and introduce himself as 'Baby Tommy' and thank them for
coming to see him. After that the girls cracked open the soda and
chips and began chatting about how Linda had got Mr. Hyde to do all
these things. They even found some beer in Tom's refrigerator and
passed that around too.

  Linda told the girls that Tommy loved being dominated by women
and that he was, in fact, a slave to six women, including her. Her
day was Saturday and they were all invited over any Saturday they
had nothing else to do. They could even bring along some friends as
long as they were sure they could be trusted to keep their mouths
shut.

  Linda took off Tom's diaper and made him get up on his hands and
knees again, wearing only his bonnet. The girls squealed with
delight as they stared at his shaved crotch and pink ass. She made
him suck his thumb as each of the new arrivals fondled his ass and
felt him up good. She then made him crawl slowly around the room,
slapping his own ass while they laughed hysterically. They each
took some pictures of him and even posed with him for a few, but
Linda made it clear that all of the pictures had to remain with
her.

  She then made him climb into the playpen, and with his knees
lifted back and spread as wide as he could get them he had to jerk
off for them all as they watched in fascination. It didn't take long 
for him to cum, spraying his white seed all over the place, so Linda 
told him to just keep on going and to do it again.

  He pumped furiously trying to get a second orgasm and his hand
was a complete blur. The girls were gathered around him, drinking
beer and soda and taunting him on. It took him nearly ten minutes
of jerking and twisting around in the little crib before he felt
close to the edge again. The girls noticed the change as he got
closer and Linda made him slow down and use only his thumb and
first two fingers. When he was right on the edge they made him beg
to be allowed to come while they laughed and stroked his thighs and
feet. Finally Linda gave permission and with a groan Tommy was
spurting all over his belly again.
 
  They gave him his bottle and a Teddy bear and allowed him to rest
there in the pen while they listened to some music and talked about
some other ideas the new girls had for him. A short while later he
had to pee again so they put a new diaper on him and made him pee
in it again for the amusement of the new arrivals. 

  Tina noticed that two of the girls who had seen him being punished 
in his car on Wednesday just happened to be out in the street in front 
of the house. They hadn't said anything to anybody so far, so Linda 
thought they might be amused to see Mr. Hyde having his diaper changed. 
She called them and invited them in. When they saw Mr. Hyde in the
bonnet and diaper they covered their mouths and blushed deeply, but
there was laughter in their eyes.

  Poor Mr. Hyde had just about lost it by this point. His dignity
was completely gone and as he lay on his back with his legs in the
air he cried like a real baby as they removed the wet diaper,
cleaned him up, powdered him, and put on a fresh diaper.
 
  Linda made him crawl over to the footstool and lie across it. She
then tugged his diaper down around his knees and invited the two
new arrivals to give him a good spanking!

  They were too embarrassed at first, but egged on by Linda one of
them walked up to Mr. Hyde and gently gave him a slap on his
powdered ass.

  "No, harder than that! Give him a REAL spanking! He can take it!"

  The girl gave him a harder slap, and then a harder one. Before
long her hand was leaving red slap marks all over his cheeks.
Tom wouldn't have believed how much it could sting, but she put her 
whole arm into it and eventually had him begging her to stop.

  Her friend then didn't want to be outdone and she continued the
spanking while Tom squirmed and pleaded with her to go softer. His
diaper hung loose around his knees and he shifted his weight and
twisted his ass, trying to avoid the painful slaps, but to no
avail! 

  The whole room was laughing hysterically as Tom howled in pain
and cried. When the girls were done Linda made him kneel in front
of them and thank them both for the spanking they had given him.
They giggled and left, leaving Tom mortified beyond belief.
  The rest of the day was spent tormenting and humiliating him in
front of Linda's friends. He had several more wet diaper changes
and had to jerk off twice more until finally supper time arrived
and everybody had to go home.

  After supper Linda and Ellen came back, along with three of the
other girls from the afternoon, and they kept at him till around
eight o'clock. At that point it was time to call it a day.

  As they prepared to go home the girls thanked Linda and asked her
if they could come back again next Saturday.

  "Sure!" said Linda. "By then we should all have some really good
ideas to use on him... Poor Mr. Hyde.." she said with mock
sympathy. "He's going to be soooo embarrassed!"




                    "SHAME ON YOU, MR. HYDE!"

                    
                            Part 10

  After all her guests had gone home Linda turned to look at Tom.
He was still wearing the degrading pink bonnet and kneeling naked
on the carpet. His face was wet from tears and nearly as red as his
burning ass. There was a stack of wet diapers in a heap on the
kitchen floor and the living room was a total mess. He had been
thoroughly humiliated all day at her hands, and at the hands of her
friends, and she decided that a little more gloating was in order 
before she called it a night.

  "Before I go home tonight I just want to let you know that I
think it was real shitty of you to embarrass me the way you did a
couple of weeks ago. You don't know it but you made me cry! I'll
bet if you knew you were going to wind up being my slave in a 
couple of weeks you'd have treated me a lot better! I don't feel 
one bit sorry for you, Mr. Hyde. You're getting just what you 
deserve and I'm just glad that I can be one of the people who are 
giving it to you."

  Linda smirked impishly. "This must be really embarrassing for 
you, huh? Being stripped and spanked in front of my girlfriends 
and jerking off and wearing baby clothes and stuff? I'm glad that 
it embarrasses you, because I think we should keep you like this 
for the rest of your life!"

  "Well, I gotta go now, but I just wanted you to know that I'm
getting even with you, and that I'm gonna do even worse stuff to 
you next week."

  With that, Linda got up to leave. She hesitated, then turned and
walked right up beside Tom. Kneeling as he was on his hands and
knees, his ass was still a perfect target. She reached way back and
with a terrific swing gave him a very hard slap on his sensitive
ass, causing him to jump and yell "Owwww!!".

  "I'll see you next Saturday, Mr. Hyde. And so will my friends...
and maybe even some of YOUR friends! Hahahaha! G'nite!"

  Even after she closed the door behind her Tom continued kneeling
there staring at the floor. Very slowly he let himself collapse
onto the rug with his face buried in his arms and he cried. He
sobbed for about 10 minutes until, in complete exhaustion, he fell
asleep.

  He awoke about midnight and managed to stumble into his bedroom.
He still had the bonnet on his head and as he got into bed he
noticed it and untied it and threw it onto the floor in the corner
of his room. Both of his sheets were missing but he drew the
blanket up under his chin and went back to sleep. He slept
fitfully, tortured by erotic nightmares, until he awoke the next
morning a little after 9:00.

  Tom showered and ate some breakfast. Per Linda's orders the
previous night he washed all of the diapers and gathered up the
bottles and toys and such and put them in the playpen which he
wheeled into the spare bedroom, where it would be available the
following week...

  He spent the day at home, scared to go outside, and equally
scared to stay inside. A couple of times he saw Linda come outside
and he feared that she might come over and visit with him, but she
seemed to honor his day off. He watched as she talked to the two
girls who had witnessed his humiliation the previous day. They
seemed to be laughing and enjoying themselves and eventually Linda
patted them on their backs and went back inside, apparently
satisfied that all was well.

  Tom watched a little TV that night and went to bed early, this
time with new sheets. It was his first normal day in nearly a week
but he panicked when he thought of the morning and the beginning of
a new week and his upcoming ordeals. If only he could find a way
out of this trap, but it was utterly hopeless.

  In the morning he woke early but he dawdled over breakfast. He
delayed going to work for as long as possible, but eventually the
time came when he had to leave. Carol, Marie and Louise were all at
their desks when he arrived.

  "How was your Saturday, Tom?" Marie chided. Tom blushed and sat
at his desk. As he reached into his drawer to get a pencil he found
one of the photographs of him taken on Saturday, on his back in the
playpen. He winced when he saw the degrading baby bonnet on his
head. His knees were lifted up and spread wide and he was
masturbating with one hand and holding a nippled bottle with the
other. His asshole was completely visible beneath his shaved crotch
and a female hand could be seen holding onto one of his feet.

  "Looks like Linda had a pretty good time. I can't wait till it's
my turn" she giggled mischievously. Louise didn't know what was
going on but she suspected that the two younger women had been with
Tom over the weekend.

  Most of the day was as normal as could be expected. Mrs. Peterson
arrrived at 9:00 and went out to visit a client just before lunch.
Tom's nervousness caused him to make a couple of errors and Louise
took the opportunity to pull him by the ear into Mrs. Peterson's
office. She stripped and spanked him, this time in full view of the
younger women. She made him crawl around the office naked on his
hands and knees for a half hour while they answered phones and
conducted business. He was petrified that someone might come in and
see him that way, but after 30 minutes he was allowed to kneel in
front of Louise and apologize for his mistakes, and then get
dressed and back to his desk.

  Mrs. Peterson came back around 2:30 and once again got a nod of
approval from Louise that all had gone well in her absence. At 5:00
Tommy got up to leave for home.

  "Say hello to Mrs. Whitford, Tommy!" Marie laughed as he walked
out the door and down the stairs to his car.

  Mrs. Whitford was sitting in her usual spot on her front porch as
he pulled into the driveway. He paused and looked at her
expectantly for a moment but when she made no movement to
acknowledge him he went inside his house. 

  A couple of minutes later the telephone rang. Hesitantly he
picked it up and said 'hello'.

  He heard Mrs. Whitford's cackling voice at the other end:

  "You remember what night this is, don't you Mr. Hyde? Take a
shower and scrub yourself squeaky clean. And I mean EVERYWHERE. I
want you over here with your tools in half an hour, sharp!"

  After the phone clicked Tommy rushed about, taking his tools out
of the closet in the spare bedroom while getting undressed. He
showered quickly but thoroughly. He didn't want to give Mrs.
Whitford any more of an excuse to be angry with him so he soaped
his ass and crotch up several times and thoroughly dried himself
before slipping on a pair of jeans and a pullover shirt. He walked
outside and across the lawn to Mrs. Whitford's house. She was gone
from the porch so he knocked on the door.

  She opened it and told him to come inside and put his toolbox on
the floor by the closet.

  "Beverly gave me one of them pictures that Linda took of you on
Saturday. My my! Looks like those girls sure had some fun with
you!"

  "I'm not gonna do any of that stuff. I'm too old for that
nonsense and besides, I got a lotta chores 'round here needs be
taken care of. Stand right there and strip off all your clothes,
boy. Everything! Hurry Up!"

  Although Tom was expecting this command, he still blushed at the
thought of standing in Mrs. Whitford's hallway completely nude
while she watched him. Her blue eyes smiled in her sharp, thin face
as she stood there and appraised his smallish form. 

  "Not a whole lot of meat there, but I guess you'll do."

  She read off a list of chores she wanted done, including simple
little things like tightening up the loose screws in the handles of
her cabinet drawers and putting some oil on the slider of her patio
door. She also had him get a ladder and replace some light bulbs in
the ceiling while she stood at the base of it and let her eyes, and
her hands, run up and down his thighs and buttocks.

  When he finished these she gave him a bucket with some soapy
water and a sponge and told him to scrub her kitchen floor on his
hands and knees. She sat at the kitchen table, smoking cigarettes
and admiring his ass as he moved around the floor. 

  His next chore was cleaning the bathroom and she took the liberty
of slapping his ass whenever she saw a spot he missed or felt he
was slowing down. When he finally finished that chore she handed
him a pair of old cloth gardening gloves and told him she wanted
him outside in the backyard weeding her garden. When he paused a
moment, staring out at the sunlit yard, she walked up and gave him
two hard slaps on his ass and warned him:

  "Don't disobey me boy or I'll tell Beverly and you know what
that'll mean! Nobody's gonna see you out there 'cept me, unless of
course someone comes wanderin' into the yard, but that's not very
likely. Get out there, now!"

  Tom opened the sliding glass door and walked out into the
brightly lit yard, feeling more naked than he did in the house.

  For the next hour Mrs. Whitford sat in a lawn chair and watched
Tom bending over her begonias and marigolds. She made him stand
with his legs apart and knees only sightly bent and bend from the
waist while he worked. She liked the way his ass jiggled as he
tugged at the weeds and eventually a soft sheen of sweat built up
on his skin. She let him sit down on the grass cross-legged during
a five minute break while she reminded him about last week when he
called her an old witch for cutting down one of his bushes. She
told him that if she ever heard him talk that disrespectfully to a
woman again she'd haul him out into the street and spank his bare
ass to tears for the amusement of all his neighbors.

  At around 9:00 she told him he could go home for the night. She
handed him his clothes in a ball and told him to tuck them under
his arm and jump the fence to go home. Next week she wanted him to
come over the same way, naked. He could leave his tools at her
house.

  When Tom let himself in through his back door he showered and
then climbed sorely into bed. This had been a hard week so far, and
it was only Monday!

  The next morning Tom got into work a little early and was sitting
at his desk when Carol and Marie walked in together. Marie seemed
all excited. Although Carol's night was not until tomorrow, Marie
had been coaching the younger girl and told her she wanted a full
report of her first night with Tommy. She reminded her that even
though she might have had a little crush on Tom before all this,
that was all in the past. Tom was their slave now, and that's all
he'd ever be, from now on. He was to be used for her own enjoyment
without any regard for his own feelings, and he was to be punished,
severely and quickly, for any mistakes, in order to train him
properly for his life's role serving women.

  Tom sat at his desk listening as Marie told this all to Carol
without any apparent regard for his presence. Tonight was Marie's
night and he already knew she was going to be a real bitch.

  Louise walked in about ten minutes later and Mrs. Peterson
arrived a little earlier than normal. She said she was going to
have to leave at noontime and would be out for the rest of the
week. Tom felt his heart sink as he noticed the little smile on
Louise's face and saw Marie wink slyly at her.

  After Mrs. Peterson left at noontime, the three women just sat
there and glanced at each other for a couple of minutes. It seemed
they all knew what was on each other's minds, but nobody seemed
willing to say anything. Finally Marie started giggling and when
Carol joined her Louise simply said "Oh, shit. Why pretend? We all
know what's gonna happen. Let's just do it..."

  She didn't even bother dragging Tommy into Mrs. Peterson's
office. She made him strip down naked right there in front of all
of them. When he stood there naked she made him spread his legs so
they could get a really close look at his shaved crotch. She then
bent him over Carol's desk and used a ruler to wail his ass till he
was hopping from foot to foot and pleading for her to stop.
 
  The phones were ringing but the women were too busy to answer
them. By the time Tom's hairless ass was a bright red, he was
dancing a little jig and twisting away from each slap of the ruler.
Louise finally stopped but left him bent over the desk, sniffling.

  "What should we do with this bad little boy we have here?" she
mockingly asked the other women. "Do you think he's been properly
punished yet?"

  "No! No!" Marie and Carol both answered, laughing.

  Louise pushed all of the papers aside and made Tom climb right up
and kneel on all fours on top of Carol's desk. She positioned him
so he was facing outward with his ass pointed directly back at the
young blonde, who sat there somewhat startled. A few slaps on his
thighs with the ruler got him to spread his legs wide as he
crouched there, his erection pointing straight out just an inch or
so above Carol's desk. She told Tommy to keep his head down on the
desk, between his two hands and handed Carol the ruler.

  "Every time he moves a muscle, hit him hard with this."

  "But what if someone comes in?" Carol asked, somewhat shakily.
  "Marie is sitting right by the door, she can see if anybody's
coming up the stairs. Tom can hide underneath your desk until they
leave. As long as Marie keeps her eyes peeled there shouldn't be a
problem."

   For the next 20 minutes or so Tom knelt there while Carol talked
on the phone and conducted business. Every once in awhile when Tom
would shift his weight a little to take the stress off his knees
Carol would give him a sharp slap or two with the ruler.

  "Stop fidgeting Mr. Hyde!" she warned him. But she would also
reach out and cup his dangling balls, weighing them in her small
hand, or lightly brush a piece of paper along the crack of his ass
just to see him jump and to watch his stiff cock bob up and down,
bouncing against her desktop.

  Once, Marie called out that two people were coming up the stairs
and Tom started to panic and get down but she only laughed and said
that she "must have been mistaken, sorry!"

  Carol seemed to be having difficulty talking on the phone and
getting her work done so Louise eventually made Tom get down and
crawl right in front of the door and kneel there with his ass
pointed back towards the office. Louise told him to reach back
between his legs with his right hand and to stroke himself while he
knelt there.

  "I want you hard as long as you're there. If I look down and see
you soft, or if you cum, I swear I'll call downstairs and invite
the girls from Dr. Sorenson's office up here to see you. I'm sure
they'd get a good laugh out of this. If you don't believe me, you
just try me!"

  Tom reached back between his legs and grabbed hold of his cock.
It was already hard and sticking out straight but he began very
lightly stroking it to make sure it stayed that way. He had to be
careful to stop occasionally in order not to cum, but he managed to
keep himself stiff for the next half hour or so while the women got
back to work. His teeth were chattering and his hips wiggled a
little in small circles as he kept himself near the edge, terrified
of cumming, but nevertheless feeling a perverse desire to keep
himself as close to the edge as possible. The thought of the women
in Doctor Sorenson's office seeing him humiliated like this both
terrified him and at the same time made the base of his penis throb
in a perverse manner, as he imagined them staring down at him this
way and laughing. Finally, Louise let him put his clothes back on
and get back to work, but she warned him not to make any more
mistakes.

  As the time approached 5:00 Marie seemed to get more and more
anxious. She had invited a couple of her friends over for a few
drinks and a few laughs and she could barely wait for the evening
to begin. When it was finally time to go home she told Tom not to
bother going home first but to follow her home in his car.

  He followed her to a small house close to the center of town.
They parked on the street, opened a chain link fence and walked
through the short front yard onto the porch and into the house. It
was moderately but tastefully furnished, with a TV and a stereo in
the living room, a very small den with a couple of chairs and an
aquarium on a stand, and a good size eat-in kitchen. She shared the
place with her roommate, Donna, who she said should be home
shortly.

  Not wasting any time, Marie sat down on the sofa in the living
room, crossed her legs sexily, and smiled at Tommy.

  "So, what do you think of the place, Tom?"

  "It's v-very nice." Tom replied, looking around nervously.
  "Why don't you take your shoes and socks off, and remove your
pants while you're at it."

  Tom sat down on a chair and slowly untied his shoes and removed
them. Then he pulled his socks off and placed them in the shoes and
tucked them behind the chair. Marie watched him, smiling, as she
sat there bouncing one shapely stockinged leg on her knee and bit
at the end of one of her fingernails.

  When Tom stood up and undid his belt buckle she leaned forward in
her chair, her eyes shining, biting a little at her lower lip. She
made no attempt to hurry him along, preferring instead to enjoy his
discomfort as he lowered his pants to the floor, then stepped out
of them. He wasn't allowed to wear underpants anymore so when he
kicked his pants aside he stood there staring down at the floor,
looking silly in just his shirt and tie.

  She made him stand there in her living room and play with himself
until he got hard, then told him to turn around and bend over and
rub his ass for her. As he was doing this there was a sound on the
porch and the front door opened. A young woman in her mid-twenties,
wearing a short black skirt and a blazer walked into the house
carrying a bag of groceries. When she saw Tom and what he was doing
she gasped and then giggled:

  "You're early! This must be Tom, I presume? I recognize him from
that tape we watched last week."

  Donna put the bag of groceries down on a table and Marie made Tom
walk over to her, shake her hand and introduce himself to her. She
was really pretty! Only about 5 foot 1, with light blonde hair and
a really cute figure. He blushed as he saw her eyes staring down at
his bare legs and stiff penis hanging just below the bottom of his
white shirt and striped tie.

  "Nice to meet you, Tom. Why don't you take your tie off and make
yourself comfortable?"

  Tom glanced at Marie who nodded at him and said:

  "You're to do anything that Donna or anyone else in this house
tells you to do. Do you understand?"

  "Y-yes, Marie." He answered, looking down.

  "Look at me when I'm talking to you! I want to make sure you
understand what I just said. In this house you're our slave. You're
to do whatever we say, immediately and without question. If we have
guests over you are to obey them instantly too. Do you understand
that Tommy?"

  "Y-yes, Marie."

  "And don't call me Marie in here. You're to address me as M'am.
The same goes for Donna. Do you understand?"

  "Y-yes... M'am".

  "That's better, now take off your shirt and tie. I'm sure Donna
would like to get a better look at your body. Let her play with you
if she wants to. When she's through with you I want you to take a
shower and shave. When you've finished that go into the bedroom. I
have a few things laid out for you. We'll be having some company
over tonight and I want you to look nice for them."

  "Y-yes, M'am" Tommy replied as he began removing his tie, then
unbuttoned and removed his shirt to stand completely naked before
the two young women.

  "Oh! I love how you shaved him! It's so cute!"

  "That wasn't me. That was that young girl, Linda, that I told you
about. Remember the one in the movie? Beverly sent me a couple of
pictures that Linda and her friends took on Saturday. I just got
them today. Look what those girls did to him!"

  Donna put her hand over her mouth and gasped as she saw the
pictures that Marie showed her. She kept glancing back and forth
from the pictures to Tom, shaking her head and snorting. 

  "Looks like we've got a long way to go to beat that! But we'll
sure have fun trying!"

  Marie picked up the bag of groceries from the table and carried
them into the kitchen while Donna made Tom put his hands on his
head and slowly turn around in front of her. She told him to stop
when his back was towards her and she then used both of her hands
to slap and then grab onto his two asscheeks. She held them tightly
and squeezed the yielding flesh between her fingers while she
moaned, happily. She then gave him a playful slap on the rump and
told him where the shower was.

  Tom turned on the water and got into the shower. As he was
soaping himself up Marie walked into the bathroom and slid back the
curtain. She was completely nude and, to Tom's surprise, she
stepped into the tub next to him and closed the curtain.

  After all those months of sneaking peaks at her and Carol in the
office he was dumbfounded to see her stark naked and in the shower
with him! She took the soap and lathered up a facecloth. She
scrubbed Tom's back with it and then used her soapy hand to clean
between his legs from behind. She could feel his dick sticking out
and up like a pole as she rubbed her soapy hands on his ass and
balls. Tommy was shivering. When she handed him the washcloth and
soap and turned her back to him he just stood there for a moment,
looking at her naked form; her dark wet hair on her shoulders and
the curve of her waist and ass.

  "Well, are you going to soap me up or are you just going to stare
at me?" she teased.

  Tom soaped up the washcloth and began rubbing her shoulders and
back. Slowly he worked his way down to the small of her back and,
holding his breath, he hesitantly rubbed at her luscious round ass.

  "Mmmmm" she cooed. "That feels so nice. I'm gonna like having you
around here every Tuesday!"

  Marie turned around and let him soap up her breasts and stomach.
She took the cloth back from him and scrubbed his chest, then told
him to turn around and lean his hands against the shower wall while
she scrubbed his ass hard. They both rinsed off and stepped out of
the shower. Marie handed him a towel then took another and began
patting herself dry. Just then Donna walked in with a towel wrapped
around her tiny nude body. When she let the towel drop to the floor
and prepared to step into the shower Tom couldn't help but let a
small moan escape as his eyes feasted on her gorgeous body. She
looked back a little startled and giggled "Why, thank you!" then
stepped into the tub and closed the curtain.

  Marie and Tom patted themselves dry as they walked out of the
bathroom and into Marie's bedroom. In spite of all the previous
day's humiliations, Tom felt on top of the world. That euphoria was
short lived as he stopped dead in his tracks and looked with horror
at what was laid out on the bed. Surely not for him! Please God,
those couldn't be for him to wear!

  Marie saw him staring at the bed with his jaw hanging and said
"Those are your clothes for tonight, Tommy. Aren't they great? I'll
help you get into them!"

  "Oh please, Marie. Please don't do this to me! Don't make me wear
those things... especially if there are other people coming over!
Please!" He was begging her pitifully as he gazed in horror at the
garter belt and nylon stockings! There was also a little white
maid's cap... and nothing more!

  "P-l-e-a-s-e!" he whined, his shoulders shaking.

  Marie looked at him with a mischievous little gleam in her eyes
and told him that he was going to be wearing those clothes tonight
and that was final!

  She grabbed him by the hand and led him over to the end of the
bed. She sat him down, picked up one of the stockings and slowly
began working it over his right foot and up his leg. It stopped at
about mid-thigh. Tommy sobbed silently as Marie repeated the
process with the other stocking. She then made him stand up and
step into the lacy black garter belt. She worked it up to his waist
and then snapped the garters onto the tops of the stockings.

  Tommy could see himself in the dresser mirror and he was shamed
beyond belief to see what they looked like on him. Marie, on the
other hand, was delighted with the effect and smiled broadly.

  She picked up the hair dryer and spent a few minutes drying and
then combing his brown hair, then picked up the starched white
maid's cap and fastened it onto his head with two bobby pins. She
then grabbed a large pair of high heeled shoes that Tom hadn't
noticed before and steadied him as she slipped one onto each foot.
Surprisingly they were the right size, though a little narrow, and
Tom wobbled a bit as he tried getting used to the balance.

  By then Donna had finished her shower and joined them, with just
a small towel around her lithe form.

  "Oh, he looks terrific!" she beamed. Even the shoes look like the
right size! I can't wait for the others to get here. They'll go
nuts!"

  "He does look good, doesn't he? But I've still got one little
chore to do. Looks like a little stubble has begun growing back on
his crotch and I want him completely smooth down there."

  She got a couple of razor blades and made Tommy lie back on the
bed. Still wearing the high heels she made him pull his knees back
and wide apart while the two women bent over him and carefully
shaved the stubble from his crotch. They pulled his cheeks apart
and got down into the gully around his anus until he was smooth as
a baby's bottom. Donna couldn't resist slapping his upturned ass a
couple of times as he lay in this vulnerable position and Marie
laughed and told her there'd be plenty of time for that later on.

  They let Tommy get back up and Marie straightened his little
white maid's cap. Both women touched and admired how smooth his
crotch now was. Marie gave him a pat on his ass and told him to
come into the kitchen so he could begin getting things ready for
tonight while she and Donna finished dressing.

  About fifteen or twenty minutes later both women were dressed,
Marie in a pair of designer jeans and Donna in shorts. This was to
be a casual affair, just a couple of friends stopping over for a
few drinks and some chatter. Marie had told them about Tommy and
they were anxious to come over and see him, but she lied to Tommy
and told him that he was supposed to be a big surprise to the other
women! Tom gulped when he heard that and blushed, just as Marie
expected he would. After that she explained Tommy's duties to him
and outlined the proper behavior that she was going to expect from
him. Tommy's ears reddened as he listened to her. This was so
degrading! He didn't say a word but looked at her pleadingly. Marie
and Donna both had to laugh as they saw his sad blue eyes, silently
begging them as he sat there dressed so shamefully, waiting for her
guests to arrive.

  About 6:30 the doorbell rang. Tommy was still in the kitchen and
he was grateful when Donna went to answer the door. He was afraid
they would send him. Donna opened the door and Tommy heard the
sounds of two new voices in the other room as Donna welcomed her
friends inside. There was a bit of giggling and then Donna called
out to Marie: "Jessica and Kathy are here! You want to show them
our surprise?"

  Tommy panicked and was nearly rebellious. He was biting his lower
lip and tears started to form in the corner of his eyes as he
quietly pleaded with Marie once again to please not do this to him.
From the other room the three women could hear the turmoil going on
in the kitchen:

  "I told you to get in there and say hello to my friends! Now get
moving!"

  "P-p-l-e-a-s-e, don't let them see me dressed like this. Please!!
I'd rather go in with NOTHING on than wearing these things! Please
Marie... Please!"

  "That's the second time you've used my name in this house. Didn't
I tell you that you're supposed to refer to me as M'am? I let the
first offense slip by, but not this time! And your defying me in
this way calls for extra punishment!"

  "Ow-w-w-w! Ow-w-w-w! Stop, please... Ow-w-w-w!" Tommy cried as
the women heard several loud slaps coming from the kitchen. It was
obvious that Tommy was getting a licking, and Marie taunted him as
she continued slapping him:

  "You think they can't hear this? You think they don't know you're
getting a good licking in here? They're waiting for you Tommy, now!
And as further punishment for letting my guests hear how rebellious
you are, you can just CRAWL in there! Now get down on the floor.
That's it... not on your hands, down on your arms...  that's
right. Now go on in there and let them see who the bad little boy
is!"

  Tom's face was flushed with shame. He knew exactly how degrading
he looked dressed in just the sheer nylon stockings and maid's cap.
The garters framed his small ass perfectly and called attention to
the rosy hue and the handprints. He blinked back tears of shame and
began crawling through the doorway and into the living room, where
the women were seated and waiting for him. There was a gasp from
the newcomers as he came into view. Tom looked up and saw, in
addition to Donna, two new women dressed in slacks and sitting on
the couch.
 
  Now it was Tom's turn to gasp! One of the women, Jessica, looked
to be in her early forties, with a hint of gray in her hair. But
Tom's attention was immediately fixed on the other woman... Kathy!
My God! It was his cousin Kathy! Tom stopped dead in his tracks. He
knew that Marie and Kathy knew each other, but he never dreamed
that Marie would be so cruel as to let Kathy see him like this!
 
  Kathy was nearly as shocked as Tom. She had been told what to
expect when she got to Marie's apartment: that Marie and Donna had
a young man as a slave who was into female domination and abject
humiliation. But she never could have guessed that the little
pervert would turn out to be her own cousin Tom! This was just
unbelievable! He was so shy she had to shake her head and look
twice to make sure it was really him!

  "P-please, M'am... please don't let her see me like this!"
Tommy's shoulders heaved as he cried his guts out, in full view of
everybody in the room. "Please, I beg you. Send her away!"

  "I'm afraid it's too late now Tommy. Besides, Kathy said she
wanted to see this naughty little boy that we had over here get a
good spanking! I'm not going to disappoint her. Anyway, she's
already seen you so you might as well stand up and say hello to her
and to Ms. Jeffries."

  Tom slowly stood up. His penis was rock hard and stood out
prominently from his shaved crotch, pointing directly at the
ladies. He saw their eyes lick at him, up and down, then come to
rest on his bobbing pole.

  "Long time no see, Tommy" Kathy broke the ice. "You look real
cute." She sounded a little disgusted as she shook her head a
little from side to side.

  "Kathy, I can explain... they MADE me do this. Honest!"

  "You're calling me a liar, in front of my friends?" Marie hissed
at him venomously. She handed Kathy some of the pictures Beverly
had given her that Linda had taken on Saturday. Jessica looked over
her shoulder and they both gasped again and began giggling at what
the young girls had reduced him to. Tommy looked down and sniffled.

  "You're definitely spending Friday night at the lake for your
behavior here tonight" Marie told him.

  "Oh, please Marie...M'am" Tommy corrected himself. "Please don't.
I didn't mean that you were lying, honest! Please give me another
chance!"

  "Your performance over the next couple of hours will determine
your fate, little boy" she sneered. "Right now I'd say you've got
a very slim chance of making up for your mistake. Your mouth is
what got you into trouble, so maybe your mouth can help get you out
of trouble. Get back down on your knees and lick Kathy's shoes. Go
on, get down! Stop crying! "
 
  Kathy looked down, a little uncomfortably, as Tommy began licking
the top of her shoe. She seemed to get a little more into it,
though, and moved her left foot next to her right so he could work
on both of them.

  "That's it! Enjoy yourself, Kathy. You too, Jessica. This is
supposed to be a punishment, but from the state of his little dick,
I'd say he's enjoying himself, don't you think?" She put her foot
on his lower back and pushed him so he fell forward onto his face.
He put his hands on Kathy's ankles to steady himself and the warmth
of her legs made him shiver noticeably, to the amusement of his
now-smiling cousin.

  When he had licked both shoes to Marie's satisfaction, he was
again allowed to get up. Marie made him "curtsy" to her guests,
which he did terribly, and go get them something to drink while
they chatted in the living room.

  The rest of the evening was one of bizarre humiliation for poor
Tommy. The presence of his cousin made it doubly so as she
witnessed his degradation. He served drinks and snacks to the
women, who took every opportunity to poke, pinch or fondle him. He
had to refer to his cousin as "Miss Hyde" and curtsy whenever he
offered her some refreshments.
 
  After they'd all warmed up to the sight of Tommy they began
really putting him through his paces. They made him pose for them
and sensuously rub his body while they cheered him on. He laid on
his back on the coffee table so they could tease his cock while
they casually engaged in girl-chat, carelessly brushing his cock
and occasionally chiding him when his moans got too loud. Every
time he glanced at Kathy he saw her looking at him, still not quite
believing what she was witnessing, but nevertheless with humor in
her eyes. What scared him most was the pure lust he saw in the
faces of all the women whenever they looked at his stiff, leaking
cock.

  At one point during the evening Tommy spilled some pretzels and
Marie said it was time he got a good spanking to teach him to be
more careful. She sat on the sofa and made him lie down across her
knees, his stockinged legs on one side and his upper body on the
other. His perfectly framed ass was centered right below her eyes,
flinching as he waited for the first smack. She made him apologize
for his clumsiness and ask each of the women to forgive him. They
stared at his presented ass with interest as Marie lifted her hand
in the air and forcefully applied the first slap. The sound echoed
through the room and made them all jump a little, but not nearly so
much as Tommy, who twisted and squirmed on Marie's lap, trying to
avoid the punishing hand.

  She spanked him for nearly ten minutes, moving from cheek to
cheek and varying the tempo, sometimes hitting him in the exact
same spot several times in a row. By the time she was finished,
Tommy was the perfect picture of chastisement. He was sobbing and
rubbing his burning ass and promising between sobs to be more
careful. He thanked Marie for the spanking and got on his feet,
still a little wobbly in the high heels, then bent to clean up the
spilled pretzels on the coffee table. The women examined his
flaming red ass as he bent and even Kathy couldn't resist touching
it to see how hot it was!

  As a grand finale, Marie made him kneel on the floor and jerk
himself off, using his thumb and forefinger in a little 'o' as he
feverishly brushed it back and forth over his cock. When he got
close to cumming his whole body seemed to sway and his tongue
flicked in his mouth. He was told to catch all of the jism in his
hand as he spasmed, shooting his thick spunk into his palm, though
some dripped onto the carpet. Marie made him lick his own cum from
his palm for the amusement of the women, then told him to get a
damp sponge and clean up the carpet.

  When the women were ready to go, he had to curtsy to them, then
bend over and present his ass so they could each give him a little
pat as they left. Marie promised to have many more little `get
togethers' like this on Tuesdays and Jessica and Kathy both said
they'd love to come back. Marie suggested that Kathy might want to
drop by Tommy's house next Saturday afternoon to see him with the
teenagers. She was sure that Linda wouldn't mind and Kathy said she
just might do that. She might even bring a friend along too!

  After their guests left, Tommy helped clean up the house. Marie
told him he could go home and get some sleep but she made him wear
only the stockings and garter belt, and carry his regular clothes
under his arm. She also ordered him to wear the garters and
stockings to work under his clothes every Tuesday from now on so
he'd be ready for her at the end of the day. She giggled when she
thought what Louise and Carol would say next week when they found
him dressed like that underneath his pants! She put the little cap
and shoes in a closet where they'd be waiting for him next week,
then kissed him lightly on the cheek as she showed him to the door.

  "G'nite Tommy! See you tomorrow at the office!" 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Phil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





