BDSM Library - The Story of Theresa




The Story of Theresa
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young, naive girl attempts to steal another girl's boyfriend. All she wants is a boy who will treat her right, and he's such a dreamboat! Two parts.
                    "THE STORY OF THERESA"

                                                  by: Dr. Phil

                           PART I

  "Hello Theresa, how've you been?" 
  "Oh! Fine Jimmy. I haven't seen you in awhile... how's Cindy?"
  Jimmy Webster, twenty years old, well built, and with the most
incredible blue eyes, leaned one arm against the doorjamb and
smiled his best smile back at Theresa Stahl. 
  "I really don't know." He looked down at the ground as he
continued, "Cindy and I broke up about a week ago. It just wasn't
working out. Y'know how things go."
   Theresa was taken aback. She had last spoken to Cindy a little
over a week ago and Cindy didn't give any indication that anything
was wrong. Then again, she probably wouldn't. Although Theresa and
Cindy had grown up together, they were never really `friends'. They
went to the same grammar school and high school but there was never
a closeness between them. Theresa was the smart one. Homework
always done on time, well behaved, Daddy's Little Girl. Cindy was
more of a tomboy, with a little mean streak. She was always getting
into trouble, and usually getting herself out of it one way or
another. She was a bit of a bully and enjoyed picking on shy girls
like Theresa; a habit which only increased in maliciousness as she
grew older.
   "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I...I didn't know."
   "Don't be sorry. I'm glad that it happened. I finally wised up
to her nastiness. I know she's been picking on you for a long time,
but I kept figuring she'd grow out of it. I guess I was wrong. I'd
also like to apologize for any part I had in any of her schemes. I
hope you and I can still be friends."
    "Of course Jimmy" Theresa replied. She couldn't believe what
she was hearing! She had often fantasized about Jimmy and her
getting together but she never dared to believe it could actually
happen. It wasn't happening now, she had to remind herself. Just
because Jimmy was free and talking to her didn't mean anything. He
could probably have his pick of any girl in town...
   Jimmy looked up and smiled casually at her while looking her
right in the eyes. "I was wondering if you'd like to have a cup of
coffee, or a coke or something..."
   Theresa had to look away from those intense eyes. Her heart
fluttered a little. This couldn't be happening, could it? She tried
to sound casual but stuttered out "Of course! I mean, sure. Why
not?" Theresa felt a little faint. She was eighteen years old and
very shy. She had never really had a boyfriend before, although she
had had a few dates. Mostly with the nerdy types. Theresa was
fairly attractive but her shyness and good grades gave her a bit of
a nerdy reputation herself. She couldn't believe that Jimmy Webster
was actually asking her to go someplace with him.
   "Terrific!" he smiled back. Let's go over to Smiley's. I'll
drive." 
  As Theresa got into the car she still couldn't believe what was
happening. Things like this never happened to her. This was what
happened to other girls. As they drove over to the diner Jimmy made
small talk and asked her how school was going. Theresa was in her
first year at college, majoring in Mathematics. Cindy didn't apply
to any colleges but got a job right out of high school working in
a department store. She moved into an apartment with three other
girls and was having the time of her life. She always seemed to
have money for nice clothes while Theresa worked part time and
saved every penny she made for tuition to the local State college.
The last time they had spoken Cindy told Theresa about a house
party that was coming up in a couple of weeks. She invited Theresa
to come to it but told her she had to bring a date. Her friends
giggled a little as Theresa blushed and Cindy said "Oh come on!
You've got two weeks to dig up a date. Surely you can manage that,
can't you?" Cindy enjoyed tormenting Theresa this way. She knew
Theresa didn't have a boyfriend and would be too shy to ask someone
to go with her. 
  The past week Theresa had been worrying about what she was going
to do about the party. She could say she had to work, but the girls
would know it was just because she couldn't find a date. A germ of
a thought now began to take shape in her head. Wouldn't it be
something if she went to the party with Jimmy as her date! And then
if Cindy showed up alone... wouldn't that be something! Cindy was
always getting the best of Theresa, ever since they were kids. For
once Theresa would just love to turn the tables and humiliate
Cindy, and right in front of her snotty friends!
   When they got to Smiley's Place Theresa ordered a diet coke and
Jimmy ordered coffee and a donut. As they talked it became more and
more evident that Jimmy was really interested in Theresa. Finally
he asked her outright, "Would you like to go out with me, to a
movie tonight?"
   Theresa was almost shaking now. "Sure! I'd really like that
Jimmy." Jimmy smiled and said he'd pick her up at her parents'
house at 6:00pm. They talked a little more and finally Jimmy drove
her back home and told her he'd see her in a few hours. 
   Jimmy showed up at Theresa's house about ten after six. He
noticed with satisfaction that she was dressed and waiting for him
in the living room. As they got into his car he said "The movie
doesn't start until nine o'clock. How about stopping by my place
first to chat a little and we'll leave in plenty of time to get
seats at the theatre?"
   Theresa hesitated. `His' place... Wait a minute! She wasn't
going to chicken out of this one. No wonder she never had a date,
she was getting downright prudish. Eighteen years old and afraid to
be alone with a boy. Something had to change in her life and it
might as well be now. Besides, if she lost Jimmy now she'd kick
herself for the rest of her life...
   "Ok... sure" Theresa answered, trying to make it sound offhand
and casual. 
  When they arrived at Jimmy's place Theresa was quite impressed.
Jimmy was sharing an apartment with a roommate and, although it
wasn't what she'd call high class, it was relatively neat for two
boys living alone. The apartment was quiet. Jimmy said his roommate
was out on a date and probably wouldn't be back for awhile. He
chuckled a little, like it was some kind of private male-joke.
Jimmy walked into the kitchen and came back with a couple of beers
and a glass, while Theresa sat on the couch and glanced around the
small apartment. Jimmy poured her a beer in the glass and drank his
own straight from the bottle. Although Theresa didn't drink she was
so nervous she felt a beer would probably do her some good. Jimmy
sat down next to her and smiled at her while staring straight into
her eyes. 
   "I've always liked you, Theresa. It used to make me feel real
bad to see Cindy treating you so badly."
   "Oh, it was never THAT bad..." Cindy began to reply.
   "Sure it was!" Tommy quickly countered. "She used to look for
any oppotunity to humiliate you in front of her friends. I think
she's jealous of you and put you down because it made her feel
better about herself. Also, she's just unfeeling sometimes. I'll
bet there were at least a FEW times when you wanted to get back at
her, am I wrong?"
   "Actually, it wasn't so bad but no, you're not wrong. I admit
that a few times I wished I could hurt her as much as she'd hurt
me, but it's just not my nature."
   "I know, Theresa. That's what I like about you." With that he
placed his arm around her shoulder in a friendly hug and smiled
warmly at her. Theresa felt that she was shaking now and hoped that
Jimmy couldn't feel it. The silence in the room was complete. They
sat there and stared at each other for what seemed an eternity and,
finally, Jimmy slowly leaned over and tenderly kissed her full on
the lips. 
   Theresa felt faint. She'd never kissed a boy before... not like
this. She wasn't really sure what to do so she just closed her eyes
and let Jimmy take the lead. Jimmy used the back of one of his
hands to caress her cheek as he held the kiss. By the time he
finally broke off, Theresa was in love.
   "Oh, Jimmy..." she sighed. "If you only knew how much I wanted
you to do that."
   "I hope you like it because now that you're my girl I intend to
do it often!"
   "Your girl!" Theresa asked, surprised. "Oh, yes. I think I'd
like that a lot." Then she smiled back at Jimmy and asked "Now that
I'm your girl. Would you like to take me to Laurie's party next
Saturday?" Theresa felt instantly nervous. She hoped she hadn't
pushed her luck too fast. What if he said no? Oh God, she felt like
a fool for asking him. Why didn't she just keep her big mouth
shut...
   "Sure! I'd love to. I wasn't going to go in case Cindy was
there. Actually, I'd like to see the look on her face when we show
up together! She'll probably die!"
   Yes, thought Theresa. She probably WOULD die! And all of her
friends will be there too! This was working out great. Not only was
she going to get a chance to pay back Cindy but she got Jimmy as a
boyfriend at the same time! She felt like she was on top of the
world. The beer helped her euphoria a bit and she leaned over to
kiss Jimmy on the lips. On her own!
   Jimmy returned the kiss and swung her back so that he was
slightly above her. She yielded as his tongue licked at her lips.
The tickling sensation caused her to part her lips a little and
when she did Jimmy's tongue went right into her mouth... 
   Theresa felt woozy. As Tommy probed her mouth with his tongue he
placed his right hand behind her head. This pinned her head in
place as his tongue became even more insistent. With the fingers of
his left hand he slowly caressed her neck. He concentrated on the
side of her neck where it met her shoulder, and continued kissing
her and licking at her mouth. He licked her lips, then licked her
teeth, caressing her neck the whole time. Theresa began breathing
heavily with her eyes closed. What was happening to her? She began
to feel totally helpless to his kisses and caresses... and she
found that she liked it. She not only liked it, she didn't want it
to stop!
   "Oh Jimmy..." she managed to moan. "What.... mmmmmm...ohhhh..."
Jimmy was relentless. He knew he had her and decided to make his
next move. As he thrust his tongue deep into her mouth he moved his
left hand down and caressed her right breast through her clothes.
She didn't even realize what was happening. The sensations were so
intense it was just another variation. Slowly he undid the top few 
buttons on her blouse, then caressed her though her bra. She was
still writhing to his touch. He quickly used both hands to unclasp
her bra in the front and immediately moved his hand back to her
neck. As he placed his left hand over her bare right nipple he
paused his kissing just a bit to smile at her. As she opened her
eyes and looked at him she said "Jimmy, no..." but before she could
finish he lowered his head to kiss her once again on the lips. He
then turned her head to the side and began nibbling and licking her
ear. At this Theresa moaned and shifted. When Jimmy closed his
fingers and pinched her nipple she stiffened, and then sighed. She
was done for. Jimmy sensed it, and so did Theresa. He now used both
of his strong hands to massage her bare breasts, teasing the
nipples. He lowered his head between her breasts and kissed her.
This caused her to gasp and moan "Oooh Jimmie, oooh Jimmie..."
several times. He moved over her a bit more and positioned his knee
so that it was right against her crotch. As he rubbed his knee and
thigh against her cunt he kept up the relentless attack on her neck
and ears with his mouth and tongue. Theresa was now out of control.
She had never even kissed a boy before and here she was, thrashing
around under him and rubbing herself off against his thigh while he
kneaded her tits. Something seemed to click in her. She had spent
years being a `good girl'. Everybody else was having fun and she
spent her nights masturbating herself to sleep with outrageous
fantasies. Now was her chance. She wanted to be fucked! She wanted
to be fucked good and hard, just like in her fantasies! She wanted
Jimmy to have her, all he wanted. Oh God! What was happening to
her? Just don't let him stop.... please!
   Jimmy kept rubbing her nipples while he looked down at her and
softly said "What's the matter? Are you HOT? Yessss. You look like
a real hot little girl. You like this, don't you.. Yes... I can see
that you do." As he talked to her this way he had unbuttoned her
skirt and was pulling it down over her hips. When it was just above
her knees he grabbed her tit with one hand and began sucking and
licking at the nipple. Theresa twisted and moaned as he used his
other hand to grab the elastic band of her pantyhose and tug them
down too. He pulled hard to get them down around her full hips and
when they were also around her knees he once again placed both
hands on her nipples. He kissed her belly and licked at her navel.
As she squirmed he pinched both of her nipples. "Owww...." she
complained just a bit but he eased up a little and continued
kissing her below the navel and working his way down to her
twisting hips. Theresa was frantic now. She knew what was coming
and she wanted it. For some reason she wasn't afraid. She was so
worked up she couldn't imagine stopping. "Oh, YES Jimmy. You can
have me. I WANT you to have me. unnnggghhhh! oooooooo!" She was
breathing heavily. 
   Jimmy was a little surprised. He expected to be able to fuck
this girl without too much trouble, but he didn't expect how
intense her reaction would be. She really was a hot little bitch!
And her told her so... "My, my, what a hot little girl we have
here! You really want this, don't you?" 
   "YES, oh God, YES" she moaned. 
   "Good... you wouldn't want me to stop now, would you?.. no...
I'm sure you wouldn't. You're a hot little bitch looking for a real
good fucking, aren't you?" 
   "Oooooohhh..." she moaned as she twisted. "Yes, I'm a hot little
bitch! Fuck me, Fuck me....please."
   Theresa started thrashing. Jimmy managed to slip her dress
completely off her, and pulled her shoes off too. She kicked her
feet a little as he continued working her pantyhose down around her
legs. As she twisted to the side he gave her a little slap on her
exposed asscheek and said "Stop kicking! Let me get your pantyhose
down. You wouldn't want me to spank you now would you?" and he
chuckled softly. "Let me get your pantyhose off so I can see all of
you... there... that's a good girl!"
    Theresa was confused. She didn't realize the moment when she
had completely given up her control, but she liked the feeling.
Jimmy was arousing sensations in her that she had never dreamed
could be so intense. When Jimmy threatened to spank her she
shuddered a little. How did he know her fantasy... was he reading
her mind? What would he think if he knew what sort of demons
haunted her masturbation fantasies? She was so ashamed, yet she
felt this was her only chance. If he stopped she'd die. She wanted
him to use her, to gobble her up. She wanted to be made love to by
a man who knew what she needed...
   Theresa made it a point to twist a little more. When she was
rewarded with another slap she sighed audibly. 
   "Well, what do we have here!" gloated Jimmy. "Maybe the hot
little girl wants me to spank her bottom before I fuck her? Is that
right?" He laughed a little. The shame burned Theresa, but she was
in this too far to back down now. Jimmy finally got her pantyhose
off her so she was naked from the waist down. Jimmy rubbed his
fingers over her pussy and slowly began inserting one of his
fingers into her. She was staring up into his eyes now. She was
locked into those blue eyes as he fingered her cunt and gave her
what she needed. 
   Jimmy then removed his fingers and lifted her forward a little
so she could get her blouse completely off. She didn't struggle but
helped as best she could. Jimmy then removed her bra and tossed it
and the blouse to the corner of the room. Theresa felt wicked. She
was completely naked in Jimmy's apartment! Jimmy hadn't removed
anything yet and this contrast, her being naked while he was fully
dressed, added a sensual shame that began to envelop her. Jimmy
held her face in his hands and kissed her. Then he used his hands
to persuade her up on the couch on her hands and knees, while he
stood next her her and, pushing her with his hands, coaxed her into
position. Her forehead was touching the seat cushions as she rested
on her elbows. Her very ample and very white young ass was now up
and on complete display! As he placed one hand on the small of her
back and began rubbing his right hand in firm circles over her ass
he almost chanted to her... "Oh, yes. What a nice ass you have. Oh,
it's beautiful! Nice and round and white..." He rubbed her ass
harder and harder in circles. He used the heel of his hand as he
rubbed her just below the curve of her cheeks where her hairy
little pussy peeked out. "Oh yes! Such a nice ass the little girl
has. And so warm.... and DELICIOUS looking... Yum! I think the
little girl needs a licking, that's what I think. What do you
think? Do you think you need a good licking?" He continued to
torment her while he taunted her. He could see she was getting
hotter and hotter.
   "Ohhhhhh... yesssss. Give it to me..." she begged. 
   "Give what to you?" he taunted. 
   "A...a licking. Give me a licking.. ooohhhh." 
   Man! This was one hot bitch. She was REALLY getting off on this!
It's always the shy ones, isn't it? Jimmy could see some major
long-term fun here...
   Jimmy continued rubbing his palm in circles over Theresa's ass.
Suddenly he drew back and gave her a hard stinging slap on her left
asscheek. The slap made her jump and suck in her breath and also
left a bright pink spot on her ass. Theresa stiffened and then let
out a gasp. The warm tingle went from her burning backside directly
to her cunt! It made her shiver noticeably. She wanted more! She
knew that. In her wildest fantasies she wanted this and now here
she was, getting it, just like she'd always dreamed. Theresa's cunt
was on fire. She began panting and wiggling her ass in a circle.
Jimmie had flipped her switch on and Theresa was flipping out! 
   "Ohhh, no... please stop! Don't spank me. Please don't spank me"
she cried, but her frenetic wiggling gave her lie away. She wanted
it alright. Jimmy continued rubbing her ass. He knelt down next to
the sofa and used one hand to pinch her nipple while he inserted
two fingers into her cunt from behind. It was very wet. Theresa
began sobbing lightly. Jimmy cooed "There there, little Theresa is
all wet! She must be very very hot. I think she LIKES being spanked
like a naughty little girl." He pulled his fingers out and gave her
a few more taps on her rump, then went back to fingering her. He
inserted his thumb into her cunt and let her ride on that for
awhile. "Maybe I should just put you across my knee and spank you,
would you like that? Then I'll fuck you good... real good."
   It was at this moment that Theresa snapped. "Yes! Spank me, fuck
me, use me. Please. Do whatever you want to, just don't stop!" She
was sobbing now. She'd opened up and bared her soul, along with her
ass. She knew she needed this kind of treatment and she'd found a
man who could give it to her. She was so lucky! "Ooooh... Yes!" she
cried. "I want it....."
   Jimmy was hard as a rock. He started slapping Theresa's ass hard
now. He'd slap it a few times, then rub it, then let his fingertips
run up and down her ass crack. Then slap her some more. Theresa was
bucking like a wild horse. Her hips were bouncing up and down.
Suddenly Jimmy stopped and stood up. He lowered his pants and
undershorts and stepped out of them while Theresa watched him with
tears in her eyes. He motioned for her to crawl forward a bit so
that her chin would rest on the arm of the sofa. She jumped to
obey. Jimmy walked in front of her and held his erection up to her
face. "You like this, baby?" 
   Theresa had never seen an erect cock before. She had always been
curious about them but now that she had one sticking right in her
face she licked her lips and opened her mouth like it was an old
friend.
   Jimmy was chuckling "Good! You want it, don't you? Yes, of
COURSE you do." Theresa felt her face flush with shame. What was
she doing? But she knew that she WANTED that cock! She took it into
her mouth and was amazed by the smoothness of it. It was hard, but
the skin was still soft and silky. She began sucking on it and then
moved her head back and forth a little. Jimmy fed it to her and
then began moving it in and out of her mouth in slow strokes.
Theresa was going wild. Suddennly she felt a change in Jimmy's
thrusts. His cock seemed to swell even more and the rhythm slowed.
She had an idea what was happening but she continued sucking. Jimmy
stiffened and thrust his cock forward once and held it. Suddenly
she felt spurts of warm liquid hitting the back of her throat. She
swallowed and continued sucking as she felt several more hard
thrusts and squirts. Jimmy's hands were in her hair, holding her
head motionless as he came. Finally he gave a big sigh and she felt
his muscles relax. He patted her on the head like one would do to
a puppy and slowly withdrew his cock from her mouth. Theresa felt
exhilarated! Although she felt degraded to have been used in such
a manner, she felt a strange sort of pride in having successfully
sucked him off. Her first blowjob! She looked up at Jimmy and
licked her lips. Yes, she liked it alright. She felt like a
different person, and she wanted more. She craved this feeling of
helplessness. She wanted to be treated like a slut, a sex toy. The
erotic humiliation of being used this way made her own pussy itch.
She felt like there were bumblebees flying around deep inside her
cunt and she desperately needed to be fucked. 
   Jimmy knelt down beside her and rubbed the back of her neck
while he said "Very good... that was very, very good. I'll bet
you're hot yourself, aren't you?" Theresa nodded her head and
licked her lips. "I thought so. Theresa, I want you to get down on 
the floor here beside the couch. Sit down with you legs straight
out. Now, I want you to lean back against the sofa... Now pull your
knees up and spread them as wide as you can! I want to see that
beautiful pussy of yours staring right at me... Excellent! And I
can see your little asshole too! How cute!" Theresa followed all of
his orders without thinking. She had already decided to give
herself up to Jimmy. Once the decision was made, it became easy for
her to do these outrageous things. After all, she was only doing
what he told her to do. Her ass was still tingling from the
spanking she had received and it felt warm and good rubbing against
the carpet. Once she had succeeded in attaining the shameful
position he had requested, she felt like her pussy and her asshole
were about ten times their original size and sticking right out at
him... the only parts of her he was looking at. Indeed, right now
she was correct!    
   Jimmy stared at her open crotch and said "Now I want you to rub
yourself off. You know what I mean, rub your cunt until you cum
just like a naughty little girl. I want you to look at me the whole
time. Now do it good, or I'll give you another spanking..."
   His taunting tone and his clear blue eyes made her feel
incredibly sluttish. She was doing things for him that no self-
respecting woman would EVER do for any man. She wanted to be taken
deeper. She wanted to be taken down past the point of no return.
She looked up at Jimmy and began fingering her cunt. Slowly she
started rubbing it. As she saw him start to get hard again she
licked her lips and started wiggling her wide-open hips to show him
even more! This in turn made her even hotter. She began moaning now
and circling her hips. Her little asshole was still visible a 
couple of inches above the rug and just below her rubbing fingers.
Jimmy could see wetness on her fingers and all over her crotch. A
little of it was dripping down and was just above her asshole.
Theresa was moaning now, obviously very close to her own orgasm.
Jimmy knelt down on the floor in front of her and inserted his
index finger right into her anus! He wiggled it a little as he
encouraged her "Come on baby, cream all over the place! I can see
it starting. Nice thick cream oozing out of your cunt. Cum for me!"
He licked his lips as he held her gaze and continued with his
maddening finger movement. Theresa's left hand moved to her tit and
she started pinching and pulling at her own nipple. Finally she
stiffened, held her body firm as a board for about five seconds
while she cried "Oh my God! I'm cummmmming, Oh God, oooooo yes!"
And she began bucking wildly, riding Jimmy's probing finger the
whole time. She was taking big gulping breaths of air and rocking,
but continued staring at Jimmy as if she were transfixed. Finally
her orgasm was over, but Theresa knew that a whole new life was 
just beginning...




                     "THE STORY OF THERESA"
                      
                                                    by: Dr. Phil
                         
                           Part II

   Theresa clutched her knees to her chest and rocked slowly back
and forth as she sobbed. Her orgasm was over but her body was still
rocked by occasional tremors. Just remembering what had happened to
her minutes before was enough to make her body spasm and her teeth
chatter. Jimmy looked down at her the whole while, with a self-
satisfied grin on his face. He had set himself a goal earlier in
the day of merely fucking the shy girl. He hadn't had anything from
Cindy in a couple of days because of her period, and he thought
laying Theresa would be an interesting challenge. She was sooo prim
and proper. Butter wouldn't melt in her mouth. No wonder Cindy
despised her! Now that he'd stripped and spanked her and watched
her frig herself off with his finger in her asshole, and BEG for
more... he knew he had himself some Class A pussy any time he
wanted it, and any WAY he wanted it! Theresa seemed to thrive on
the helplessness... the humiliation. Well, he planned to see that
she got all that she could handle. It was a tough job, he
snickered, but SOMEBODY had to be responsible for spanking this hot
bitch!
   "Come on" he said as he he grabbed her by the shoulders and
pulled her into a kneeling position. "Before I fuck you, I think
you should get a better look at my apartment. I think you should
walk around the place, check out every room, look in every corner
and make yourself feel at home... Oh, you know what would be really
fun? I think you should do it by crawling around on your hands and
knees!"
   Theresa looked up at Jimmy for a moment but then immediately
leaned over and put her hands on the floor. She slowly began
crawling around the living room floor while Jimmy encouraged her
"That's right! Wiggle that little red ass for me ... ooohh yeah!
Wiggle that thing!" 
   Theresa was mortified but she was also getting hot again! It
seemed incredible but the more she degraded herself in front of
Jimmy, the hotter she got. Was there something wrong with her? Was
she a pervert or something? She didn't care. She wanted even more!
   "Now lower your head more. Get on your elbows and drag your
titties on the carpet as you crawl. Keep that ass up in the air and
wiggling for me..... yeah!... what a shot!" Jimmy had been sitting
in a chair watching her but now he got up and followed behind her,
fondling her ass as she crawled in this manner. The friction of her
nipples against the short coarse carpet, combined with his fingers
tickling her asshole made her stop and shiver every few feet.
, his hand came down hard on her ass, "Don't stop, keep
going..."
   In this manner Theresa made her slow shameful journey around the
entire apartment. At one point she rolled onto her side and curled
into a ball, moaning, her fingers rubbing frantically at her cunt
while her nipples tingled in torment from the friction of the
coarse carpet. 
   ... "Stop that!" He warned, as his hand came down and
again caught the meaty globe of her exposed asscheek. "Get back up
on your knees and arms. You can't touch yourself until I tell you
to." Whimpering, Theresa got back into position, her ass smarting
from this last blow to her disappearing dignity. God, she was hot!
The way he dominated her made her want to give herself up to him
totally, to do anything he wished. She knew she could refuse him
nothing. She wallowed in her own degradation, craving his next
demand upon her. She didn't have to wait long. 
   When she finally crawled back into the living room he told her
to straddle a low stool in front of the couch. With some rope and
a couple of old ties he bound her in place over the stool, her
hands on one side and her knees on the other. He spread her knees
as he bound them to the legs of the stool. This kept her ass wide
open and her puckered little anus on display. Her furry little
pussy peeked out at him from below her reddened ass. He crouched
there beside her for awhile, enjoying the view and teasing her rear
end with lightly moving fingers and soft pats. Theresa moaned and
moved her hips in circles as best she could in her confinement. 
   Suddenly the doorbell rang. "Who in the hell could that be?"
Jimmy asked, slightly amused.
   When he got up and began walking to the door Theresa wailed out
"No! you're not going to answer that, are you? You can't let
anybody SEE me like this! PLEASE!"
   Jimmy chuckled as he unlocked and opened the door about half
way. It was his roommate's younger brother Richie, and his friend
Steve.
   "Is Teddy around?" Richie asked. "I wanted to know if I could
borrow his car tonight if he's not using it." 
   Richie had just gotten his license that summer. He and Steve
wanted to borrow the car to try and pick up some girls and have a
few laughs. Well, if it's laughs they were after...
   "Come on in!" Jimmy said as he swung the door wide. "Teddy won't
be home for another hour or so. You guys can wait here if you
want." The two boys walked into the apartment and when they saw the
naked girl tied like that over the stool they gasped. 
   "Oh, have you guys met Theresa Stahl?" Theresa sobbed a little
and wanted to crawl into a hole and die.
   "Theresa Stahl!" gasped Steve. That can't be Theresa, can it?"
The boys were greatly confused. They both knew Theresa's brother
and had been to the Stahl home many times. Theresa was a good
looking girl, but very shy and studious. They made little jokes
about her shyness, and her tits, but now they couldn't believe that
this white ass that was twisting in their faces belonged to
Theresa!
   "Sure it can!" laughed Jimmy. "Theresa, turn your face this way
so the guys can look at you. Hurry! You don't want me to have to
SPANK you again in front of the boys, do you?" Jimmy continued
chuckling as Theresa moved her head and stared at the stunned boys.
He was enjoying her shame immensely and his mind was reeling with
new ideas to further humiliate her. 
   "Come on in, don't be shy. She loves this. You won't believe it,
but having you boys see her like this is really turning her on,
isn't that right, Theresa?" Jimmy smiled at Theresa but she
sniffled and turned her head away in shame. . "I said,
isn't that RIGHT, Theresa? And don't turn your head away when we're
talking to you."
   "Theresa turned back to look at the boys and said, "Yes, that's
right."
   "Let me introduce you boys to Theresa's ass" Jimmy said,
motioning towards the pink and white flesh in front of him. "You
guys should have been here about fifteen minutes ago! She took all
her clothes off and begged me to give her a spanking... so I did!
You can see how red her ass still is. After that she crawled around
on the floor for me, dragging her tits on the rug and begging me to
fuck her. I was just about to do that now when you guys showed up.
Would you like to feel her up a little?"
   Richie and Steve looked at each other and hesitated just a bit.
Though they'd never admit it, they were both still virgins and had
never seen a girl completely naked before, let alone touched one!
Richie was staring with interest at Theresa's asshole, which was
clearly visible since her asscheeks were spread so wide. It
appeared to be pulsing a bit and there was a little wetness around
it, like sweat. He couldn't believe that a girl, ANY girl, would
let herself be seen this way. This was the most shameful exposure
imaginable. A few inches below her asshole he saw what looked like
a small pouch hanging between her legs. A small pouch with a slit
in it! That must be her cunt! It had a little light hair around it
and dangled there so invitingly, he felt like he wanted to grab it.
His cock was hard as a rock and he had a tingling up and down it
and in his balls that he thought would drive him nuts if he didn't
jack off. The more he stared at Theresa the harder he got. Finally,
he moved closer to her and hesitantly placed one hand on her ass.
It felt so silky! It was also warm, probably from the recent
spanking she'd had. Slowly he began feeling up her ass and he even
got bold enough to let his right hand move over that little pouch
of hers and feel the slit!
   While he was doing this Steve moved over and crouched down to
look at Theresa's tits, which were hanging just over the far edge
of the stool. The nipples were long and looked like big pencil
erasers! He stared at her face for a minute and saw her lips
quivering from Richie's hands feeling up her ass. Steve reached
both hands under Theresa's chin and grabbed her tits. He began
massaging them and rubbing his fingers across the hard nipples.
Theresa began moaning and squirming now. This caused all three boys
to laugh and Jimmy taunted her saying "You like being our own
little playmate, don't you? Yes! I'm sure you do. Your pussy's all
wet! You can't hide that from us!" 
   Jimmy said "Watch this!" then stuck his two fingers into his
mouth to moisten them. He then crammed them into Theresa's
squirming cunt. She gasped and began rotating her hips faster and
faster. "What a hot bitch!" He pulled his fingers out and gave her
another hard slap, this time right on the center of her ass. All
three of them laughed again and continued tormenting her without
relief. They kept her at it for nearly an hour. Pulling her
nipples, tickling her asshole and cunt and slapping her now deeply
reddened asscheeks. Theresa began thrashing about. Thank God she
was tied in place or she could have hurt herself. She moaned and
begged and pleaded the boys to fuck her, and all they did was laugh
at her and continue the torment.
   All of a sudden they heard the sound of voices outside the door
and a key turning in the lock. Theresa was too far out of it to
notice but the boys looked up in time to see the door open and
Teddy walk in. That wouldn't have been too bad, except that he
wasn't alone. He had his girlfriend Tina with him, and Cindy. The
three newcomers stared in shock at the scene before them. Jimmy and
the two boys were fully dressed and hovering like vultures around
the nude body of a squirming young girl. And she certainly was
squirming! Her whole body was shivering. Her reddened ass was
making circles in the air. Her tongue was flicking from side to
side in her mouth, stopping only long enough for her to beg someone
to fuck her! There was something strangely familiar about the young
slut and when she thrashed her head sideways to expose her face
Cindy yelled out "THERESA!!" Theresa stopped moving instantly and
peered back at the trio standing by the door. As soon as she
recognized who they were she cried out "NO! Make them leave! I
don't want them to see me this way!"
   Jimmy nervously waited to see what Cindy would say. Thank God
the other boys were there so it wasn't just he and Theresa. He saw
anger flash in Cindy's eyes and then, to his surprise, she leaned
her head back and started laughing her heart out! "Theresa Stahl!
Well, well. Our stuck-up little bookworm isn't so stuck up after
all! Did you do this to her, Jimmy?"
   Jimmy tried to sound offhand as he said "Sure... the three of us
did. She was teasing us and when she stripped down and begged for
a spanking I thought it might be kind of fun to oblige her."
   Teddy and Tina just looked on, although Tina had a small smile
on her face and Teddy suddenly had a huge bulge in his pants. Tina
didn't have anything against Theresa, but the lusty sight of what
was going on started having an affect on her. She didn't know why,
but she was excited by the spectacle of a pretty young thing like
Theresa trussed up and spanked. Tina thought she'd hang around and
watch a little. From the look in his eyes she didn't think Teddy
would object.
   Cindy, on the other hand, made it clear that she wanted in on
the action immediately. She held herself in control but it was
obvious that her jealousy, combined with her natural meanness and
desire to humiliate this little stuck up bitch, made this a perfect
opportunity for her to do a little ass-kicking herself.
   "Don't let ME stop you boys", she said menacingly. "This little
bitch had us all fooled with her `butter wouldn't melt in her
mouth' act. If I had my way, I'd drag her down to the ballfield
just the way she is now and hang her by her feet and hands from the
little swing set so the local `tough guys' could get a real good
laugh at her, hanging there with a red ass and cream dripping out
of her cunt!"
   The sheer erotic vision of that threat had every prick in the
room hard as iron. Even Tina gasped out loud, but her smile still
gave away her innermost feelings. Theresa started to twist and cry.
Cindy answered this by walking over and quickly giving her a loud
and ringing slap on her twisting backside. "Stop that this instant,
you little slut!" Turning to Jimmy she smiled a wicked little
smile, one that Jimmy recognized from so many times in the past.
"You know, I kind of enjoy seeing her trussed up like this. From
the looks of her you boys must have been having quite a little
party with her... Say, that's an idea! I know that Meaghan and
Kathy would LOVE to see Theresa here squirming around like this.
I'm sure they could interest their boyfriends in coming over too.
Then there's Mike Whalen. He tried asking Miss Not-so-Fancy Pants
here for a date a couple of times and she wouldn't go out with him.
I can think of three or four others. Tell you what, I'll spring for
all the beer and chips myself. What do you say? About fifteen
people, tops. I'll start making the calls. Do you think you can
keep her `in the mood' for another half hour or so?"
   Jimmy was grinning from ear to ear. "I'm positive we can!" With
that Cindy went to the phone while the others clustered around to
watch Jimmy and the boys go back to work...
   "Oh! NO! PLEASE NO!" sobbed Theresa. "AHHHHHH! You can't let any
other people come over, please... please..." but it was too late.
Her fate was sealed. Jimmy bent over and whispered to her "Now, be
a good little girl. Remember the ballfield and the swing set...
She'll do it you know. You'd better get `in the mood' fast or
you'll be swinging in the breeze..."
   With that, Steve went back to work on her nipples and Jimmy
resumed fondling her open ass. Within seconds the poor tormented
girl was again writhing and moaning, this time to the laughter of
a small crowd. The sounds of light female laughter mixed in with
the boys made this doubly humiliating for her. 
   Suddenly Jimmy jumped up and said "I just got a GREAT idea! Wait
a minute..." and he rushed off into his bedroom. They heard him
digging through his things for a minute, then the sound of water
running. He returned with a big smile, and a water pistol. "Let's
have a little game while we wait!" He made a line on the carpet
with Theresa's discarded pantyhose and said, "Everybody gets five
shots. You score one point for each direct hit right on her
asshole!" Cindy heard his comments from the telephone and shouted
"All Right! I'm in!" Jimmy continued. "Like I said, one point for
each direct hit. At the end of each round the winner gets to give
her a spanking, as long as they want. Sound good to you?"
  "Great!" "I'm in" "Me too!" they all chimed. Steve kept working
on her tits as, one by one, they each crouched down at the line to
take their turn. Jimmy went first. He sighted down the barrel,
directly at the round little asshole that was about five feet away
from him and wiggling. He pulled the trigger... and scored a direct
hit! "That's one! he boasted" The sensation caused Theresa to suck
in air and moan loudly, to the delight of the crowd. Jimmy missed
on his second and third shots but scored again on his fourth and
missed his fifth. After this they each took their turn. Aiming at
her asshole was a good idea, as the natural wiggling made it a
perfect target. The other problem was that her pouting little cunt-
pouch a couple of inches below it distracted the boys somewhat.
Possibly for this reason the winner was Tina, with four out of five
perfect hits.
   "Go ahead Tina, you won. Do it! Do it!"
   Tina walked up to the shivering young girl. It was obvious that
she had been pitilessly held at the point of orgasm for a long
time. Her teeth were chattering and there was a small puddle of
cunt juice on the floor just under her swollen crotch. Tina slowly
let her hand trace along Theresa's entire body, surprised at how
hot this was making her. Finally she winked at the boys, lifted her
hand, and began spanking Theresa's ass with loud, ringing slaps.
"Oh yeah!" they all cheered. "Way to go, Tina!"
   Tina wailed Theresa's ass for a good five minutes, varying from
cheek to cheek and occasionally aiming for the exact center.
Theresa squirmed to try to get away and cried openly. The rest of
the room kept egging her on and taunting Theresa.
    Just as she was finishing they heard the doorbell ring. Cindy
went to answer it and there were Meaghan and her boyfriend, with
two cases of beer and some chips.
   "Come on it! Thanks for bringing the stuff. Let me introduce you
to our guest of honor!"
   Meaghan giggled when she saw Theresa and her boyfriend blushed
deeply. As they walked closer to get a good look at her some of the
others began arriving. Although they were all prepared for the
sight, each new person gasped when they first came in and saw
Theresa. By the time the last couple arrived, everyone was
relaxing, drinking beer, and munching. It was turning into a real
nice party, with the center of attraction receiving many pats,
pokes and little slaps from both boys and girls. A couple of the
girls brought cameras with them and snapped a few pictures of
Theresa's shame.
   Around 9:00 Jimmy told everybody to quiet down, he wanted to
show them a little trick he'd taught Theresa. He then bent over the
sobbing girl and untied her hands and knees from the little stool.
He then told her that he wanted her to crawl all around the room
again on her forearms and knees, dragging her titties on the carpet
and wiggling her ass like she'd done for him earlier that evening.
Theresa gasped and the crowd waited eagerly to see what would
happen next. Jimmy told her she'd better start now or she wouldn't
believe the things they would do to her, both here AND in the
ballfield...
   Biting her lower lip and with a face as scarlet as her ass,
Theresa got into the shameful position and began the most
humiliating journey of her life.
   The guests went wild! They laughed and pinched her ass as she
crawled by. More cameras flashed in the room. Theresa was crying as
she crawled but she kept her ass up as instructed. When Jimmy
yelled at her not to forget the wiggle there was a roar of laughter
in the room. When she finally headed back towards the stool she saw
Cindy sitting on the sofa with her long legs crossed and her short
skirt tucked back a bit. She had a very smug smile on her face as
she crooked her finger at Theresa and motioned for her to crawl
towards her. Theresa stopped at Cindy's feet and looked up past the
trim nylon-clad legs to the beaming face of her tormentor.
   "Sit up, Theresa. Stay on your knees but sit back on your heels
with your hands in your lap and look at me." Suddenly the room
became very quiet. "Spread your knees wider... that's a girl. Now,
you've been a very wicked little girl tonight, haven't you? After
all that teasing I'll bet you'd just love to cum, wouldn't you?...
well WOULDN'T YOU?" 
   Theresa jumped at the sharp tone and said "Y-YES Cindy".
   "Good! Well I'm going to let you cum, in front of all of our
friends here. But first, I think everybody would just LOVE to see
you play with yourself for awhile! Use your fingers and rub your
little clitty for the boys. Make those fingers blurr - but you'd
better not cum until I tell you!"
   The rest of the room looked on in fascination as the tormented
young girl began rubbing herself off. She started slowly, but she
was so hot by now that, in spite of herself, she quickly picked up
speed and began licking her lips. To further humiliate her, Cindy
made her apologize to the whole room for being such a stuck up
little snob. She had to tell them how much she enjoyed being their
entertainment and then beg them all to spank her if she ever forgot
her place in the future and began acting like a stuck-up little
smart-ass again. By now her fingers were flying and she was swaying
on her knees, nearing the orgasm she'd been kept so cruelly close
to all evening. Suddenly Cindy shouted "Stop it, Theresa! Stop it
Right Now!"
   Theresa whimpered in frustration as she stopped rubbing herself.
Her knees were vibrating and her hands were shaking. Cindy then
uncrossed her legs and patted them with her hand. With a smile she
indicated that Theresa was now to position herself across her lap.
Oh God! Was there no end to this humiliation? Cindy had a short
skirt on, but with it hiked back even more she flashed the full
length of her lovely long legs, silkily encased in nylon pantyhose.
With her knees still shaking, Theresa climbed up and managed to
drape herself across that lovely lap. The nylons felt tingly
against her naked skin as she adjusted herself over Cindy's thighs.
Theresa felt even more naked than ever as she felt Cindy's hands
come down to position her butt as a better target.
   Cindy casually played with Theresa's ass as they got settled.
She used her fingers to spread Theresa's asshole open then gently
patted and stroked the doomed flesh. 
   Finally she said, "Now I want you to turn your head so that
everybody can see your face as you're spanked. After each slap I
want you to say `Thank you, Cindy'. Don't forget now or you'll be
sorry..." Cindy gave her a sharp pinch and said "Don't look at me!
I said to keep your impertinent little face turned towards our
guests. I want you to see them laughing at you while you get your
spanking!"
   Theresa turned her head and saw that everyone's eyes in the room
were focused on her naked form, lying so obscenely across the lap
of the girl who had picked on her for most of her life, who always
seemed to get the better of her. She could tell from their eyes
when Cindy lifted her hand into the air. Suddenly she felt a hot
sting on her exposed asscheek and a loud slap sounded in the small
apartment. "Owwwwww!" She cried, twisting her hips just a bit, then
remembering, she said in a small voice "thank you Cindy...". She
barely got the words out of her mouth when a second stinging slap
came down on the exact same spot. "Owwwwwwww!!!!" she screeched.
That one REALLY hurt! Her reaction brought a few chuckles from the
boys and smiles from the girls. "thank you Cindy..." she remembered
to say.
   As the spanking continued she began sobbing her "thank you's"
while the laughter got more and more rowdy. Meaghan got off a
couple more snapshots while the boys tormented her with their rude
comments:
   "Wiggle that butt!" "Wow! I think she's getting off on this!"  
   "Why is the bad little girl crying? Awwww..." 
   In spite of the pain, Theresa began to notice how each hard slap
was causing her cunt to rub against Cindy's nylon-clad thighs. This
in turn was stimulating her already tormented and teased clit. She
had been held at the point of orgasm for so long that she was now
unable to stop her body from rubbing itself against the nylon
material, rubbing the sensitive little clit back and forth till she
felt herself close to the edge again!
   Oh no! She thought. Please God, don't let me cum like this!
Don't let me cum while being spanked across Cindy's lap! In front
of all the others! 
   As her body betrayed her, she looked at the laughing faces in
the room. The girls were clapping their hands in delight while the
boys were shouting rude encouragement to Cindy and making snide
remarks meant for Theresa's ears...
   "Look at her, she's gonna cum any minute! Cindy is really
wailing her ass, look at her go!" 
   "Y'know, I'd kinda like seeing her hanging by her hands and feet
at the ballfield. You think the boys that hang out there at night
might enjoy seeing her wide-open cunt on display?"  
   "Wait till I tell the guys about this, they won't believe it!
Hey Meaghan, can I have a set of those pictures when they're
developed?... Thanks!"
   "Wouldn't it be fun to make her walk all the way home like that?
I wonder what her Daddy would think of his little girl now?"
    As they hurled their remarks at Theresa, her traitorous body
kept rubbing her crotch madly against Cindy's thighs, keeping pace
with the stinging slaps of the spanking. Hours of being teased at
the edge made her gasp and rub herself off even harder, in spite of
the lewd spectacle she knew she was making of herself.
   All of a sudden she knew she was going to cum. She cried at the
shame of being spanked to orgasm by her enemy, at the same time her
body went stiff as a board. She held her breath and her whole body
trembled. Through her tears she could see everyone watching
intently as she yelled at the top of her lungs, then began jerking
all around Cindy's lap. Her orgasm was so intense that Cindy lost
her grip, allowing Theresa to fall off her knees to the floor,
where she continued thrashing around in front of the assembled
guests. The flash of Meaghan's camera added a surrealism to the
room; the voices became echoes and the faces blurrs as she
continued spasming and gasping for breath.
   When she finally came to her senses she found that her hands
were clamped tight over her pussy and her legs were drawn up into
the air, knees bent and spread wide, with her feet wiggling and
kicking. When her last spasm ended she lowered her legs and just
lay there, sobbing and thinking of the shameful specatacle she must
have presented for everyone's entertainment.
   "Damn! That was intense!" Jimmy said to Cindy, shaking his head
and chuckling in disbelief. "I had no idea she'd go this far. Can
you believe it, she actually tried teasing me and then asked if I
would take her to Laurie's party next Saturday? She must have
thought she could get even with you somehow by showing up with me
on her arm. Poooor Theresa. Looks like her little plan backfired!"
   Cindy's eyes flashed darkly for just a minute, then she smiled
smugly as she looked down at the naked girl on the carpet.
   "You know. That's not a bad idea! I think you SHOULD take her to
Laurie's party next Saturday! As a matter of fact we'll BOTH take
her. I'm sure she'll be the hit of the evening. Remind me to buy a
leash tomorrow..."

                                THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Phil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





