BDSM Library - The Punishment




The Punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave learns the true meaning of punishment for the first time from her Master.
The Punishment

"You know why you're here," he said. His voice was solemn and cool, but his eyes
were sad.

"Yes," she replied. Kneeling and naked except for her leather collar, she stared
straight ahead. He took her chin in his hand & pulled her face to look up him.

"Yes what?" his eyes narrowing.

"Yes Master." Looking at him, her lip started to quiver, and she bit it. If she
could just hold on a little longer... "Don't cry. Don't cry," she thought. It
was the last bit of control she had over herself. She could make it through
this. She averted her eyes. He pulled his hand away from her face, and she felt
relieved. Still a small part of her felt overwhelming disappointment.

"You should give up this resentfulness slave. It doesn't help you, and it makes
you unhappy.  Whose fault is this?"

"Mine," she mumbled, continuing to stare straight ahead. "Can't we get on with
this?" she thought. A few quick smacks, however hard, and she could still
maintain this control over herself. Even if she did cry from the pain, she
resolved she would not cry from weakness.

"Yes slave. You have brought yourself to this place. I am not unreasonable with
my rules. In fact, I love to indulge you because you are precious to me. But you
put distance between us when you imposed your own wants over my wishes. It makes
me lonely when there is distance between us, and it makes you unsatisfied. I
want you to understand that this distance is not acceptable - that you need to
be close to me, that you need me to control you, that your happiness is
dependant on being close to me. You will long for that closeness before this is
done. Maybe then you will think it worth the effort to follow the rules."

She started feeling a panic spreading from her stomach that threatened to take
her over. What was going on? Every other time he had relented on punishing her -
putting it off til it was forgotten, pronouncing a sentence that he lessened for
various reasons until the punishment was merely a few minutes of resentfulness
and irritation to her. She looked at him wide-eyed and blinked to keep herself
from tearing up.

"You know how I love to watch your beautiful face. Today is the first time I
wish I had a hood. Still I believe I can make you feel your isolation." He put
the blindfold over her eyes. Then he pulled her to her feet, and told her to
bend over the bed. She bent over, turned her face to the side & braced herself
with her hands.

"Okay, here we go," she thought. "I am going to make it through this." After all
- blindfolded and spanked - they did this for fun. It was nothing she couldn't
handle. She felt his hand slip to her pussy, and she gasped softly and blushed
in shame when she realized how wet she was. Then she felt him start to lube up
her asshole with her own juices. She groaned. He was going to take her ass. This
was always hard from her to deal with. It was difficult for her to hold on to
any remnants of dignity while her ass was being used. But instead she next felt
latex that was unmistakably the butt plug rubbing up and down her pussy to her
tight asshole.

"Whose sweet fuckhole is this slave?" he whispered cruelly in her ear.

"Yours," she said.

"My what?" he demanded.

"Your sweet fuckhole," she whispered, and her voice broke.

With that answer he rammed the well-lubed plug into her ass. She sucked in air
hard. "That's right," he said. "And whose cunt is this slave?" he said as he
rubbed what she thought must be a dildo up and down her slit.

"Your cunt Master." She was trembling with shame and desire.

"Yes," he said and shoved a large buttplug in her pussy, "My cunt." "This is my
cunt. This is my sweet fuckhole," he said alternately tapping on the plugs.
"They do not belong to you. You have no say-so in how they are used."

He grabbed her by the back of her hair and jerked her up to standing again.
"Open that mouth slave." He shoved a ball-gag in her mouth and tightened the
strap hard. "This is mine too. This mouth - this is my pretty fuckhole."

She didn't even know he had a ball-gag. He had said before that he didn't find
them particularly erotic. She wondered why he was using this now   ...but really
she did know. She knew he was showing his ownership of her body - of her
fuckholes, telling her that every part of her was nothing more than an object
for him to use or torture if he chose to.

She was in shock. She trembled but didn't make a noise, save for the sucking of
her own saliva as she tried not to drool around her gag. That was perhaps the
most humiliating of all of his cruelties. She felt dizzy. She hardly recognized
this man as her sweet Master. The only things she knew was that she now had no
idea what was actually in store for her and that she wished he would give her
one loving caress to comfort her. Instead she felt a loop of rope slip around
her neck and felt him begin to weave the karata around her body.

He pulled the rope down & back up between her legs tightly, burying the plugs
deep inside her and mashing her clit with a strategically placed knot. She
moaned around her gag, but her Master did not respond. As he turned her he
jerked the ropes tight but not painfully so. He wound his way around her,
binding her hands to her sides, but when he got to her waist he tied the rope
off, leaving her legs unbound. This seemed odd, but she had stopped guessing
about his intentions anymore. Then with another rope he bound her ankles
together with a short distance of rope between them. Finally when he was done,
he checked her hands and feet for circulation. She was grateful for this tiny
show of compassion - something simply done for safety's sake - yet it reassured
her that her Master still cared for her.

She felt his breath on her ear. "Do you feel owned?" he taunted. She whined and
dropped her head. "Yes, you feel owned. And you feel desire because I have
claimed those most intimate parts of you. Now you will know what it feels like
to long for your Master but be isolated from him." She was gasping for air
unable to comprehend what was happening to her. More? He wasn't done? If she
could have spoken she would have begged his forgiveness. She was afraid of his
cruelty without his loving caress. She wanted nothing more in the world than to
be held by him, used by him, loved by him again.

He started pushing the small of her back, and she stumbled. "Walk," he said. She
took a step and stumbled again, hobbled by the rope. Where were they going? She
would have asked him, but the gag made that impossible, and she still had enough
of her dignity to keep her from sounding like a mute idiot trying to speak. She
could only comply. She took a few more steps, guided by the hand in the small of
her back. She knew they were at the foot of the bed, in front of the closet. She
heard him pull back the closet door.

"NO!NO! NO!" It was muffled by the gag but unmistakable. She shook her head
violently back and forth, crying now and drooling all over herself, the last bit
of self-control and dignity gone. "Pleeeeeeease Master Nooooooo!" was what she
tried to say. It came out almost incomprehensibly. Master grabbed her hair and
spoke quietly in her ear but in the coldest voice she had ever heard.

"I did not put you here slave. You did. This is what you chose for yourself.
This is the separation you chose for us." With that he pressed an earplug into
one ear and then into the other, and her world went silent. She was sobbing full
out, but she didn't say anything, just dropped her head. He pushed her gently
one step more and she was in the closet. He pressed on her shoulders, and
without the use of her hands she clumsily dropped to her knees and sat back on
her heels. She turned her blinded face up to him, hoping he would say one
reassuring loving word, but his only reply was to close the closet door and she
was in even more darkness than before. She gasped in disbelief that he would
really leave her like this. Then she heard the muffled sound of the bedroom door
closing.

She strained to hear anything. "Master?" she called out, stifled from behind the
saliva covered gag. No response. She couldn't believe he really left her there
where he couldn't even hear her. She sniffed hard. Dammit she wished she could
at least wipe her nose, wipe her face off, but her hands were absolutely bound
to her side. She could feel herself starting to panic in the bondage. The plugs
in her cunt and ass made her feel suddenly claustrophobic. And yet her calves
were completely covered with her own juice. This was not pleasant. This was not
erotic. Why did her own body betray her?

She was suddenly angry enough to kill someone. How could he leave her like this?
What if something happened to her? He wasn't even close enough to watch over
her. But she knew deep down that there was nothing that could hurt her in the
closet. The ball-gag was even the variety with holes. There was not even a
chance of suffocation... even if her nose was stopped up. Why had she cried like
that? She had let herself beg. She wanted to kick something. She started to jerk
against her bondage and let out a frustrated scream. Why wasn't he coming back?!
She struggled in her ropes but it only served to push the plugs deeper inside
her and mash her clit more. She felt so trapped - the bondage, the plugs. And
she longed for just a sound of something in her aloneness, but could hear
nothing but her own pulse. He was right. She was truly isolated. She went limp
and started to cry again.

Why was he doing this to her? Her infractions hadn't been that great really.
Still, she knew it was the motivation behind the infractions. She had confidence
that he wouldn't punish her, at least not severely. It was almost as if she had
flaunted that with breaking small rules here and there. If he had a fault it was
that he hated to punish her because he loved her so much, and what had she done
to repay that. She had hurt him by giving him no choice but to punish her. She
suddenly felt very sad and ashamed. "I'm sorry Master" she mumbled behind the
gag to no one but herself.  In defeat, she leaned against the wall which took a
little pressure off the plugs. She no longer fought her bondage, only wished he
would return so she could ask for forgiveness.

Quietly there in the complete darkness she pondered her punishment. It really
was her fault she knew. This is what her Master had to do. This is where she was
and this is where she would be until her punishment was over. With this
acceptance, she became very relaxed, calm, almost like a trance. There was no
fighting it, it was inevitable that she would be there until she wasn't. And so
she waited and time seemed to be neither short, nor long. She didn't know how
long she had been there. Maybe it had been 15 minutes. Maybe an hour. She didn't
know how much longer she would be there. It no longer mattered.

She hadn't even heard him come in the bedroom, was even unaware that he had
opened the closet. She was just suddenly aware of the feel of his skin on her
arm as he lifted her up from the closet floor. Barely able to stand, she
collapsed into his arms. He pulled out her gag, and she hungrily kissed his neck
and face as best she could. He grabbed her hair pulling her head back and buried
his face in her neck. She heard his low voice through the earplugs. "My precious
precious slave. I love you." 

She wanted to say she loved him too. She wanted to say she had learned the
lesson he had taught her. She wanted to thank him for loving her enough to be
stronger than she, for not caving in to her. But she could not talk. All she
could do was moan and softly cry ...this time tears of overwhelming emotional
release. Her master pulled the earplugs out and kissed her again, deeply. Then
he reached behind her and pulled the rope loose.

He unwrapped her slowly like the gift she was to him and then laid her on the
bed. Reaching between her legs, he felt her wetness all the way down the insides
of her thighs, and he shuddered. He pulled the plug from her wet pussy and then
the one from her sweet ass, and she responded by moaning and raising her hips
and trembling thighs to him.

Now he would reclaim her and welcome her home.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sinnamon


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





