BDSM Library - Dominique




Dominique
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Office girl is seduced by a Dominant Male.  How well she copes is a testament to the beauty of her submissive nature.
Dominique

Chapter 01


i sat open mouthed reading the email.  i couldn't believe He wanted me to do
this.  i couldn't believe i was actually considering it!  He wanted me to prove
myself to Him, to completely humiliate myself in public for Him.  As proof. 
Proof of what i wondered?  Proof of my desire for Him... my need?  Proof of my
servitude, my submission?  Or just proof that i really was a slut?  A slut. 
"Godddd," i always hated that word...

"i'm not really a slut." i reasoned.  "Well not outwardly.  i wear nice clothes,
i fit them well.  i am pretty and i don't need makeup but like to wear it
sometimes."  i sat in front of the mirror in my bedroom and watched as my
nipples began to press against the fabric of my lace bra.

A slut?

"Godddd...."

________________________________________________________


I had seen her standing on the train platform, that first time. 'Prim and
proper' I thought to Myself. I moved within scent distance and smelled the air. 
mmmmm Christian Dior.  Good choice.  Walking around behind her I smiled to
Myself.  "If only she knew what I was thinking..."

The train that cold winter's day was crammed full with commuters, but I managed
to find Myself pressed against her, My thoughts slightly tangled as the
closeness of her body clouded My mind and My cock began to respond.  I tried to
move slightly away but the train jolted and I caught her and was again pressed
against her.  My cock was now thicker and pulsing gently against the silk of My
boxers.  I felt her hip against Me.

"Sorry," I said as I watched the blush creep up her neck and flow to her cheeks.
How lovely.

_______________________________________________________


i touched my nipples in front of the mirror and once again found myself
recounting O/our first meeting.  It was in the train that He said His first word
to me:  "Sorry."  i smiled to myself and thought how ironic that the only time i
ever heard Him say that word, was the very first time He spoke to me.  But i had
noticed Him.

i always noticed good looking men.  i smiled to myself.  "Maybe i am a slut," i
thought.  i pinched my nipples gently and remembered seeing Him out of the
corner of my eye.  He was moving toward me, stopping, then almost circling me.
For a moment i felt like prey. Then the train arrived and i thought He was gone.

Aramis.  That was my first sense of Him. His cologne.  Recalling it i felt my
nipples throb a little between my fingers and thumbs.  His presence.  i had
turned slightly toward Him and almost gasped when i realised He was right next
to me.  i had stared apparently oblivious out the window but inside i was
awakening.  Each time i felt His body in contact with me i felt my thighs
tremble.  "What is wrong with me," i thought.  The train shuddered and i thought
i might fall.  But His hands held my shoulders and my eyes met His.  Then i felt
it.  IT.  His cock.  Against my hip.  Jesus.  i heard Him say that sweet word. 
"Sorry."  i leaned slightly against Him.  i felt a little naughty.  i felt my
pussy moisten.  i blushed fiercely.

i felt the heat again as i looked up into the mirror.  my cheeks were flushed. 
i looked down at the reflection of my hands mauling my breasts and gasped.  i
hadn't realised how squashed my nipples were.  i hadn't noticed how cruelly i
was twisting them.  i felt my buttocks tighten and a far away tingle beginning
to approach.  i felt how wet i had become without needing to check.  my clit was
throbbing softly, trying to get my attention.

"Stop!" my eyes shot open and i sat bolt upright, my toned thighs slapping
together.  His voice!  His voice... in my head... "Oh my god." i thought... "i
was nearly bad.  He told me not to and i nearly did..."

_______________________________________________________


I knew a lot about her.  I kept My distance for some time after O/our first
encounter.  Noticing her on the train platform each day.  Catching her looking
at Me.  I began to acknowledge her.  Tipping My head slightly in her direction
whenever O/our eyes met.  I had called in a few favours.  I knew where she lived
and  where she worked.  I felt confident.  Confident I had made a good choice.

At times I would muse over My situation.  In My "study" as I so fondly called
it.  My thoughts leapfrogged from subject to subject.  I oiled the strands of a
whip, and polished the large woodstained X bolted to the wall. I replaced the
batteries in any one of the vast array of toys I had collected over the years,
and I mused...

My life was quiet. Too quiet.  Since rachel had passed away hardly a woman had
turned My head.  Slowly I had come to terms with her absence.  It became a
"was", not an "is."  It happened late one afternoon when I pulled over while out
for a drive.  The sunset.  It had taken My breath away.  It cleared My mind of
remorse for the first and last time.  I stood there and watched the sun go down
for an hour.

dominique was her name. dominique harris.  The corners of My lips turned up when
I considered her name.  I laughed aloud to Myself when My mind conjured: "Big
Dom, little dom."  Just the thought of the look on her face the first time I
lead her into My study was delicious.  "I am going to have to cuff her first," I
thought to Myself and smiled.

_______________________________________________________


i stood and pulled the slinky black silk dress over my naked body and pulled the
hem down.  i shook my head.   "i can't believe i am going out in just this and a
pair of red heels," i thought.  i blushed as i reached behind myself and felt
the material end at the tops of my thighs.

my eyes traveled up my body in the mirror.  i smiled a little at the points my
nipples were making in the silk.  i could even make out the little bumps on my
aureola.  "Jesus," i thought as the goosebumps rose on my exposed flesh and the
tingles began again, "this is going to be easy."  i sat down in front of the
mirror again.  i decided 'more was better' and opened my makeup kit.

i thought back to when i felt my boldest.  i had somehow summoned the nerve to
ask Him if He would like to have a drink with me.  Right there on the platform
after work.  It was something i had never done before in my whole life.  And god
He teased me.  i would never forget His response.  "A lady doesnt ask strange
men for a drink."  Completely taken aback and deflated i had begun to turn away
from Him, a tear of humiliation blurring my vision.

i applied my lipstick in the mirror.  i shuddered and the soft blonde hairs on
my arms stood up.  Recalling how stunned i felt as He began to walk away from
me.  "Come with Me," was all He said.  How my feet acted on impulse.  i almost
ran to keep up with Him.  i was so embarrassed.  But i could not stop myself. 
He walked briskly and i wanted to say, "slow down," but couldn't form the words. 
Why did i follow Him?

_______________________________________________________


I wiped down the chains and checked and recoiled My collection of ropes.  I
remembered that day.  Opening the door of the bar and holding it for her.  For a
moment I wondered whether she had followed Me.  I smiled softly as she ducked
under My arm and inside.

I remembered letting the door swing closed and taking her by the elbow.  Over to
a booth.  Sitting her down and motioning to a waitress...  Ordering for both of
U/us and noticing the waitress looking Me up and down as she took My order, then
hesitating as if waiting to be dismissed. 

I smiled to Myself.

I put away all the cleaning implements and surveyed My study.  Satisfied, I
decided to get ready.  Under the steaming shower I felt Myself stir as I washed
My hair and let My thoughts wander back once more...

dominique was delightful, and she hung on My every word. I was beginning to
enjoy her blush and wanted to see if I could induce it.  W/we had introduced
O/ourselves and engaged in small talk.  she had been flirting with Me with her
eyes. But she kept her distance, like a puppy not sure of its new Owner. 
Wanting to please yet afraid of making a mistake.

I had touched the back of her hand in a quiet moment and she had blushed and
withdrawn it into her lap.  I softly chastised her and whispered her first
command in her ear.  I leaned into her body pressing gently against her and with
My lips almost touching her ear, I told her to sit with her ass directly on the
leather seat.

"i can't do that," she had protested weakly, feeling My sweet breath on her ear
and neck.

"you can and you will..." I had breathed. 

she lifted herself slightly off the plush leather cornerseat and slid her dress
up the backs of her thighs.  I imagined she was feeling very wicked.  she
blushed intensely.  I wondered if she was wet.

I smiled as I rinsed shampoo from My hair.  The thought of that first meeting
was arousing.

_______________________________________________________


i looked into the mirror.  i realised i had almost forgotten to wear the gift He
had given me.  He had placed His hand on my bare thigh and looked intently into
my eyes.

"If you are good for Me I will give you a gift." 

i remember thinking, "oh god, here it comes. This is where He tells me He wants
to fuck me."  But what He did say, shocked and aroused me so much i felt i would
do anything to please Him.  Anything!  He spoke quietly and gently.  His voice
was deep and strong...

"I want to show you things.  To teach you things.  To tell you things that will
change your life forever."  He had turned His palm upwards and touched me under
my chin with a fingertip.  He was watching my face intently.  He continued to
speak.

"I want to have you.  I want you to be Mine.  I want you to please Me.  And I
want you to find pleasure in pleasing Me.  I want you to tell Me your secrets,
as I impart Mine to you...

"I want to nurture you and help you to grow into the person you want to be.  I
must know the truth always.  And you must know that displeasing Me will draw My
wrath." 

i wanted to know what He meant but as i opened my mouth to speak He touched His
finger to my lips. 

"I want you to WANT to do as I tell you...  And finally,  I want you to confess
to Me."

"Confess to you?" i had asked from behind His finger.

"Yes, and you may not lie, it is not an option."

"What must I confess?" i asked.

i rolled my hips a little and tried to ease the discomfort i was feeling in my
belly.  And in my pussy.  "What is happening to me?" i wondered.  i squirmed
where i sat and considered what His reaction might be if i kissed His finger. 
If i kissed it and drew in into my mouth with my tongue.  If i sucked on it
gently.  Goddd i was feeling so horny.

i held the jeweled choker up to my neck and admired it in the mirror.  i
smoothed over my dress one more time.  i wondered what reactions my nipples
might get from passers-by.  i shuddered as His words rang in my head...

"Is your cunt wet pet?"

i had been taken aback. i couldn't find the words to admonish Him for His
language, for His directness.  i had blushed so furiously i felt my eyes go
down.  i had tipped my head forward trying to hide it.

"Well? ...I am waiting, and you shouldn't keep Me waiting..."

i couldn't help it.

"Yes," i said softly...

i pulled my front door closed behind me.  i descended my front steps.  i started
walking the five blocks to my destination.  i smiled to myself.  i couldn't
believe i was going to do this.  i felt myself blushing again as i remembered
His next words.

"Come with Me."

He had risen to His feet and taken my hand in His.  i had to walk briskly to
keep up with Him.

"Hop in."

He had opened the door of His car for me.  i felt a little afraid and hesitated.

"Always do exactly as I ask dominique.  Don't worry, W/we are not going anywhere
just yet."

Reassured i had climbed into the passenger side seat. He walked around the front
of His car smiling softly at me.  i was so nervous and so turned on.  He climbed
in His side and closed the door behind Him.  He turned and looked at me.

"Lift up your skirt." i blushed and did.

"Move your knees apart."

i looked around the car at all the people passing by and did it. It was surreal.

"Don't hesitate."

"Yes, Sir."  It just came out. It felt right. I don't know why.  I knew His name
was Andrew.  It would be a long time before i felt confident enough to use His
name.

"Turn toward Me." i did.

"Put your finger into your pussy and take it out and show Me." i did.

"Good girl."

He was pleased with how wet my finger was.

"Thankyou Sir," i said breathlessly.

"Again," He said.  i did.

"Over and over."  i did, and i felt the feelings rush down my spine. It was only
going to be moments.  my hips rose off the leather seat to meet my probing
finger.  i pumped it faster and faster.  The base of my finger slipped wetly
against my clit.

i became oblivious to the people passing and glancing in my direction.  i
couldnt believe i was doing this in broad daylight on a city street.  i could
feel myself clamp around my finger as a moan built in my chest.

"Cum."

oh goddd did i ever.  i unleashed that moan and felt myself turn inside out. i
trembled and began spasming right there in the passenger seat of His car.  i
could feel His hand on my knee keeping my legs open. His touch was like fire,
and i came and came.

He was gently stroking my thigh and telling me how pleased He was as i came
around.

"Give Me your email address so I can send you your next instructions," He had
said.

Once done, He bundled me out of the car, telling me to check my mail when i got
home.

And now here i was, my destination.  my date with humiliation.  Can i do it? 
"God i have come this far..." i thought.  "...and He said He would keep an eye
on me.  Goddd i am so wet."

i walked around the last corner.

_______________________________________________________


I watched her as she approached her destiny.  she was adorable.  At that very
moment I had a vision of her in My mind, tied up and begging to cum.

"I am going to have a wonderful time with you dominique," I thought to Myself, 
"if you can do it..."

And then she did.  Exactly as she had been instructed.   she walked purposefully
into the crowded and paved corner of the park.  she leaned down and placed the
small tin on the ground in front of her.  she sat directly on the ground and
flipped the hem of her short dress out from under herself.   her bare ass sat
directly on the cool concrete.  she undid three small buttons.  she parted her
legs exposing herself.  Finally she placed the folded sign on the ground in
front of her bearing a single word, "SLUT".

As I watched, her presence brought little attention for a minute or two.  Then
men began to gather around her, tossing coins into her tin cup.  I began to get
concerned.  Perhaps it was too much.  Perhaps she would freak out and start
screaming.  Jesus she might even be raped...

In moments she was obscured by the growing throng and I had decided it was
enough.  she had proved her desire to please Me.  I pushed My way through the
tight crowd of males and found Myself staring dumbfounded at dominique.  Hot
tears streaked her face as she buried her fingers deep in her cunt, moaning and
saying aloud, "i'm a slut! i'm a slut!"

Comments flew from the males gawking at her. "Fuck what a whore... look at her
tits hanging out mmmm.... can't believe a cute girl like her would be out here
fucking her pussy in broad daylight...  christ I wanna cum on her..." This last
comment convinced Me that enough was enough. Amidst the boo's and hisses of the
men watching dominique's show, I strode forward and put My jacket around her.  I
picked her up under her arms, and began to steer her toward My home.

"i'm sorry i'm so sorry" she sobbed into My chest as W/we walked. "i couldnt
help it...  i just got so... oh god i'm such a slut..."

"Yes pet... you are... but from now on... you are My slut."  she shuddered and
stifled her sobs.  My words hit a chord.  she held onto Me more tightly.  I
could hear how sticky her thighs were. 

"Yes Sir, i am Yours," she whispered.

In a matter of twenty four hours she had changed, and her life would never be
the same again.  But right then, right at that moment, she just needed to please
Me.  she wanted to worship My cock and to make Me pleased with her again and
again.

As W/we walked up the steps to My front door and I withdrew My key from My
pocket, I turned and looked at her.

"dominique, I want you to know that by entering My home you are passing over a
threshold from which there is no return.  Are you sure this is what you want?" 
she wiped her eyes and looked adoringly at Me.

"Yes, Sir. It's exactly what i want... it's what i need Sir."

"Good.  Then W/we have work to do, and I can't wait to show you My study."

"Yes Sir", she said, just a little confused as I turned her around and clicked a
pair of handcuffs onto her wrists...




Chapter 02

Have you ever had a pair of cold steel handcuffs clicked onto your wrists?  i
trembled with the strangest mix of dread and pure blinding excitement. i
actually had to remember to breathe!

my wrists were behind my back and i just had to test them. A surge of pleasure
rolled up my thighs, through my groin, and tingled across my stomach when i
realised i was not going to be able to free myself.  i had never done anything
like this before in my life.  my parents had never even spanked me.  God, i
wonder if He is going to spank me?  He was looking through His mail right in
front of me.  Was He ignoring me?  And here i was cuffed on His front door step
in broad daylight.  i felt a bit silly.  i tried to suppress a giggle by
thinking about being spanked.  It worked.

"...Sir?"

"dominique... if you wish to ask a question, please ask if you may do so."

"Yes Sir.  May i ask a question Sir?"

"Certainly pet, what would you like to know?"

"Well, i was just wondering, are you going to spank me Sir?"  i suddenly felt
ditzy and stupid.

"Have you been naughty dominique?"

"Oh no Sir!"

"Well then, I would not spank you , unless of course I simply chose to do it
because it pleased Me to do so."

"Oh...yes Sir," gosh.

"And dominique?"

"Yes Sir?"

"In future, and until I say so,  you will refer to yourself as 'this girl' or
something similar, and not 'i', understood?"

"Yes Sir, this girl  u..understands." i was so nervous. i just hoped He didn't
notice how wet the insides of my thighs were becoming.

"Good girl."

He took my upper arm in His hand and guided me over the threshold and into His
world.

_______________________________________________________


dominique looked lovely to Me. Twenty-three years old and in wonderful shape. A
slim girl with lovely curves all in the right places.  her hair is raven,
straight, and falls below her shoulders.  Lovely sky blue eyes.  While I
attended to My mail I wondered how long she could keep from speaking.  I didnt
have long to wait.

I enjoyed hearing her breathing shorten as she tested the veracity of the
handcuffs.  I watched her sensuous mouth as she spoke, and was pleased by her
willingness to do as I asked, and begin speaking in a way that pleased Me.  I
opened the front door and led her inside.

she blushed so delightfully.  My fingers slipped around her upper arm, and
little gasps and oohhhs and ahhhs escaped her lips as I led her deeper into My
home.  It was apparent she was pleased with My taste in decor.  I wondered if
she would like My "study" as much.

But first I showed her to her room.

"May this one ask a question Sir?" W/we paused outside her room.

"Certainly."

she was blushing furiously now, and I was looking forward to what she was going
to say.

"Well i was kind of hoping to sleep in bed with You Sir.  Is um... this girl
allowed to say that?"

"Yes you are dominique.  you may ask or say anything, if you express the
question or statement honestly and with respect.  I would have preferred you to
say 'This girl was kind of hoping...'  But in essence your question was within
the bounds of what you may ask."

"Um. Sorry Sir. And th..thankyou Sir."

I smiled.

"Relax dominique.  This will be your room.  you may keep changes of clothes and
makeup here etcetera.  you will be sleeping where I tell you to sleep."

The disappointment on her face was obvious.

"But I believe most nights you will be sleeping with Me. If you earn it."

she seemed happier with that response.

"And dominique?"

"Yes Sir?"

"I always want you to be honest with Me.  Always.  O/our relationship depends on
it.  you will be required to confess your fears and your fantasies.  you will be
required to maintain complete honesty at all times.  you should be candid also
and confess things without being grilled.  It pleases Me to hear the things you
are thinking."

"This girl will try Sir."

"you will succeed too pet. or your ass will be very red in the trying." I winked
at her. she trembled. I could almost smell her arousal.

_______________________________________________________


Was it what He said, or the way He said it to me?  Or maybe it was having a
conversation with my wrists cuffed behind my back.  Whatever it was i was
getting so wet.  i dont think i had ever been this turned on ever!  i felt
lightheaded and could feel my body swaying.

"Are you alright dominique?"

"Yes Sir just..."

"Just what?"

"um ..this girl is very horny Sir.  This girl really doesnt know what has come
over her, Sir."

"Good girl." I smiled at her.

she beamed at Me, pleased with herself.

"dominique, I would like to again ask you the question I asked you earlier."

"Yes Sir?" she looked puzzled.

"Have you been naughty dominique?" I smiled.

"ummm... oh Sir... yes?"

"Why dominique?"

"ummm... well...", fiercely blushing, "well... because i..."

"'This girl'..."

"because... this girl... ummm... has enjoyed what has happened to her... and...
what might happen..."

"Because you are a slut."

"ohhhh... yes... because this girl is a slut."

"My slut."

"Your slut, Sir," she blushed and grinned delightfully.

I watched her as her words sank in.  she seemed breathless and her blush had
spread from her cheeks to her chest.

"Are you turned on pet?"

"Yes Sir."

"How can you tell?"

"my... i mean... um, this girl's pussy is  w..wet...  and th..this girl is so
hot Sir.  This girl feels like one touch from You would make her cum Sir."

"Very good dominique, I am pleased." she was smiling and I reached behind her
and removed the cuffs.  I kissed her lips gently.  I whispered, "take a shower
pet and come down to dinner. you will find a change of clothes in the wardrobe."

"Thankyou Sir," she rubbed her wrists and I started to walk away.

"and dominique?" I said over My shoulder.

"Yes Sir?"

"Do not masturbate pet."

"No Sir."

_______________________________________________________


It had been years since i'd had a cold shower.  But i had one that night.  If i
couldnt cum then i thought i had better.  i quickly washed myself thoroughly and
jumped shivering from the shower stall.  i wrapped a plush towel around myself
and another atop my head and went and sat in front of the vanity.  On its top
were some basic cosmetics and a hair dryer.  Supplimented by what i had in my
handbag, it was 15 minutes later that i looked at myself and hoped He would be
satisfied.  i stood and finished drying my body and pulled back the wardrobe
door. 

i gasped.  there was nothing in there!

i looked down, and on the floor were some black pumps, a black leather collar
and a note.  i pulled open the other door of the wardrobe but was not too
surprised to find it empty as well.  i crouched down to pick up the shoes,
collar and note, and sat back down at the vanity.

i read the note:

"Do not put the collar on. Bring it downstairs with you. There is some jewelry
in the drawer on your right, pick out what you want, it is yours. Only wear the
shoes and the jewelry. Remember, to Me you are beautiful, walk tall."

my nipples sprung to attention and i could feel myself getting juicy again. 
Only this time i could hardly wait for Him to find out.  i looked at myself in
the mirror and was greeted with a stupid grin and i giggled.  i slipped on the
pumps and stood up.  Perfect fit of course.  How did He know?  i picked up the
collar and noticed how supple and thin the leather was.  i had to see what it
looked like and held it up to my neck.  Damn i looked so sexy.  i rushed into
the bathroom and looked in the full length mirror.  i quickly scanned myself up
and down.  hmmm.  i wonder...  i opened the bathroom chest of drawers and what
do you know.  i smiled at His forethought and picked up the foam, razor and skin
cream.

Ten minutes later i again modelled for myself in the full length mirror.  i
smiled and a tingle of excitement rippled across my skin.  i lifted the collar
to my neck and felt its softness and noticed the detail.  i brought it up before
my eyes and saw the small rings sewn into the sides, back, and front, and the
small gold ornamental disk was attached to the front ring.  "dominique" was
engraved in a beautiful flowing style in small writing across it.  i felt
strange holding it in my hands.  He must have had such faith in me.  He must
have had this done this morning.  Before i had even proven i could be His slut
in the park.

my hands trembled as my mind caught up.  He has such faith in me.  i mustn't
prove Him wrong.  i shuddered and dropped my arms to my sides.  i looked again
at myself holding His collar in my hand, and wondered for the first time what
the hell was i doing here.  i looked at my face and watched the blush creep up
my cheeks.  my lips looked sexy and i ran my pink tongue over them.  i giggled
at myself and shook my hair.  What the hell am i doing here.  i smiled and
thought  'no, "what is this girl doing here." '  hmmmm...  'well... she's met a
man she is overpowered by.  Not physically...  yet.'  i looked back at my smile
in the mirror... 'and um, the whole thing, everything thats happened, its like a
dream. she's doing things she never thought of doing and she cant stop.  And she
doesnt want it to.  she's horny and she likes the challenge of pleasing Him   of
knowing she can   of giving everything to Him   of beaming with delight at His
smile   of being His to do with as He pleases   of being His   of being   just
being...'

i looked at myself in the mirror.  my blood was pounding.  my skin prickled and
tingled.  Full blush in my cheeks and across my chest.  Breath short and nipples
pointy and crinkled hard.  Swollen shaved pussy warm and moist.  The muscles in
my thighs felt like they were trembling with adrenalin, but i couldnt see
anything.  The shoes fit well and I was comfortable in them.  i raised my eyes
to look into their reflection.  i realised i was gently squeezing my thighs
together.

"i want Him to see me like this!"  i gasped aloud.  my body said lets do it.  my
head said "yeahhhh..."

i turned on my heels and headed for the stairs.

_______________________________________________________


I was seated when dominique entered the dining room, her heels clicking and
announcing her entrance.  she walked gracefully and slowly, not unlike a model
on a catwalk, though her head was tilted down and her eyes were on Mine.

I gestured for her to continue approaching then pointed down at My side where a
large plush cushion awaited her.

I looked her body up and down and smiled.

"Very nice dominique."

"Thankyou Sir," and she knelt.

"Eyes down dominique. Thighs a little apart. your treasures are for My eyes
pet."

"Yes Sir, thankyou for telling this girl Sir."

I nodded and returned to My meal. For the next few minutes no words passed
between us but I did wonder what she was thinking.

_______________________________________________________


i hope He likes how i look... god my pussy is so wet i think i might stain this
cushion... mmm i'm so hungry... i wonder if He will feed me... what are W/we
going to do after dinner... god i just hope i get to cum... should i say
something... no i'll just wait for Him...

"Pinch your nipples dominique." she raised her hands to her breasts and did so
immediately.

"mmmm thankyou Sir," she gripped them tightly.

"Are you hungry dominique?"

"Yes Sir."

"you may release your nipples now pet," I smiled.

"Thankyou Sir," she grinned and placed her hands on her thighs, palms down.

"Palms up pet, always let Me see your hands, unless you are unable to.  And you
may look at Me now." she did so and visibly shivered.  I spent the next ten
minutes feeding the beautiful dominique.  Picking up morsels with My fork and
bringing them to her lips, watching her chew quietly and smile with the tastes. 
As the end of the meal approached I spoke to her.

"dominique?"

she hurried to finish a mouthful.

"Yes Sir?"

"I want to tell you a little about Myself and then I want you to tell Me about
yourself ok?"

"Yes ok Sir," she looked intrigued as she watched My lips.

"In this life W/we speak about limits.  Limits to what you would reasonably
allow someone to have you do, or do to you.  I want you to know certain things
about Me, about the limits I go to.  Then I want you to think for a moment, and
then tell Me what sort of limits you feel might apply to you."

I continued feeding her while she listened and I spoke.

"I will never hurt you more than is necessary, nor more than you want.  I will
listen for you to say the word 'red', for if you do, I will stop whatever I am
doing immediately.  I may build in intensity from caresses to gentle scratches
to smacks, slaps and even a light whip.  And it pleases Me to watch how much you
can take... Do you understand?"

she nodded with her mouth full, her eyes shiny and wide.

"I may choose to tie you up so you can barely move, but you have My word I will
never leave you that way longer than is necessary nor longer than you can take. 
Nor will I leave you alone.  The 'red' word applies here too. And yes it pleases
Me for you to endure for as long as you can.

"I want you to know that I am experienced in this life and that I am in complete
control and know exactly what I am doing.  Do you understand Me so far?"

"Yes Sir," she smiled.

"I reserve the right to push any of your limits, and you reserve the right to
stop Me pushing them."

"By using the 'red' word Sir."

"Yes pet," I smiled back. "And there will be surprises, lots of surprises. Now
think for a moment dominique. Do you have any limits you would like to express?"

I watched her a moment, her breasts rising and falling with her heavy breathing.
I could see how wet she was and longed to stroke her between the thighs.  But I
could wait a few more moments.  she smiled up at Me and spoke.

"May this girl speak Sir?"

I nodded.  she took a deep breath.

"Sir, this girl feels so new and so not sure of herself right now.  But she
knows she wants to give everything to You.  Everything Sir.  she wants to be
used as you see fit, and she trusts you not to hurt her Sir."  she smiled
uncertainly up at Me.

"you are adorable dominique," I grinned at her.  "Are you still hungry?"

"Not for food Sir," she grinned back.

"First things first dominique."

"Yes Sir," she blushed anew. "Sorry Sir."

"Its alright dominique, it is clear you are eager and horny," I smiled, "you
should be available to Me at all times, but never clawing for attention.  I can
then promise you, you will get all the attention you can take pet."  I winked at
her and she giggled nervously.

"Now, hand Me the collar."

_______________________________________________________


i had forgotten about the collar and picked it up from the floor by my side. i
looked it over quickly again, draped it across both hands and drew it up to the
height of my eyes offering its smooth suppleness to Him.

He took it from my hands and i dropped my hands back down to my thighs, palms
up.  i looked up at Him expectantly, shaking and feeling like i was going to
cry.

"Repeat after Me, using your own words:

"He is Master, i am His"

"You are Master, this girl is Yours Sir." i didn't even hesitate.

"He is Owner, i am owned."

"You are this girl's Owner, she is owned by You."

"He commands, i obey."

"He commands, this girl obeys."

"He is to be pleased, and i am to please"

"He is to be pleased, this girl will please Him."

"Because He is Master, and i am His to do with as He pleases."

"Because You are this girl's Master, and she is Yours to do with as You please."

He placed the collar around my neck and it felt so lovely.  i hoped i never had
to take it off.  i was so close to crying and i felt wonderful.  my skin was
tingling even more, my scalp prickling.

"Stand and let Me look at you then kitten, fingers entwined behind your head."

she stood and did so.

"Turn around... slowly."

she did so.

"Lovely dominique."

"Thankyou Sir."

I stood.

"Come with Me."

"Yes Sir."

I took her hand and led her to the back of the house to My study.  her face
incredulous as the myriad of antiques and artifacts adorning the timber walls
and shelving flashed past her innocent eyes.  I pulled her up to the locked door
of My study and withdrew the key from My pocket.  I inserted it and turned the
lock.  Click, CLACK. I withdrew the key and put My hand on the handle and looked
into dominique's eyes.

"you have never seen a room like this before dominique.  you may be shocked at
first.  I want you to look around and touch and feel everything in this room so
that you can recognise it.  you will hold or touch each item or furnishing, and
look to Me.  I will identify it so you know its name.  It is dark in there so
enter and stand still for a moment to allow your eyes to adjust to the soft
lighting.  Are you ready pet?"

"Yes Sir," she swallowed.

"Alright then."

I pushed the door open, and ushered her inside. I flicked on the low lighting
and she stood still while her eyes adjusted. And she gasped.

"Gosh."

I smiled.

_______________________________________________________


i could hardly breathe i was so nervous.  i looked to Him for reassurance and
found none.  i smiled nervously at Him.  i did as He bade me and began looking
around this enormous room.  Some of the furnishings were lovely.  Chaise lounge,
cushions strewn everywhere, one high-backed chair that looked more like a
throne.  Coffee table... But the rest had an intimidating air.  i felt like i
was floating as i walked to the centre of the room.  i pressed my hand against
the large wooden ceiling to floor pole with rings sticking out of it, and looked
to Him hopefully.

"Whipping post."

i shuddered.

i walked toward what looked like a large desk with straps emerging from its
surface, and placed my hand apon it, feeling its leather surface.

"Training table."  Amazing.

I walked over to what looked like a medieval set of... stocks? i placed my hand
on them.

"Stocks."

i gasped a little.

"Are you ok pet?"

"Yes, um thankyou Sir..."

And so it went on.  Every item, every implement.  From the large woodstained
cross bolted to the wall, to every crop, paddle and whip.  He had a whole draw
full of vibrators.  And dildos.  Another draw full of batteries.  i giggled.  i
picked up some coiled lengths of rope and marvelled at their feel.

"Silk ropes."

i looked at Him.  He was smiling at me.

He walked over to me and i could feel my skin actually vibrating as He neared. 
i again felt my moisture trickling down the inside of my thighs.  i really did
want something, anything, to happen.

He took my hand in His, and led me to a what looked like a leather swing, only
god knows how you would sit in it.

i touched it.

"Swing."

i smiled.

"Would you like to try it?"

"This girl would like to do anything You ask her to do Sir."

"Good girl. Stay there."

"Yes, Sir."

________________________________________________________


I walked over to My toolbox and retrieved a set of four leather cuffs.  I
returned and went down on My haunches to attach one then another just above each
of dominique's ankles.   Happy they were secure, I stood and looked into her
eyes and smiled at her.  I then took each of her wrists and did likewise with
the remaining cuffs.

I took each wrist in turn and held it aloft, attaching each to its corresponding
clip at the top of the swing.  she watched Me.  The effect was superb.  Not only
was dominique stretched out and on tip-toes.  her breasts were even higher and
more lovely.  her skin tight.  her breathing was hard and becoming ragged.

I bent My knees slightly, put My arms around her hips, and lifted her into the
swing.  I attached the various straps and tightened the buckles.  I smiled at
her and walked back over to the toolbox.  "In for a penny, in for a pound," I
thought to Myself.  I picked up a pink ballgag, a three speed basic white
vibrator, and a feather.  I clipped My crop to My leather pants.  I walked back
over to her.  I dropped the held items at My feet.

I came up to her very closely.  I looked her up and down and felt My arousal
stirring mightily.  I grazed My fingernails gently down her breasts.  I leant
into her and kissed her lips through her moan.  I tangled My tongue with hers
and felt her body shiver as she sucked My tongue.  I pulled back a little and
saw her pout, then smile mischieviously.  she was loving this!

"Trust Me?" I reached down.

"Yes Sir," she giggled.

her eyes went wide as I popped the ballgag into her mouth and strapped and
buckled it behind her head.  she suddenly looked a little frightened, no doubt
wondering why I would want her gagged. 

"Control dominique,"  I whispered and the fear in her eyes melted a little. 
"you have nothing to fear.  W/we will not be approaching your limits today."  I
smiled warmly at her and her eyes smiled back. 

Until now she had been sitting reasonably comfortably in the swing,
notwithstanding her arms stretched over head a little outwardly.  I leaned down
picking both her feet up by her ankles, straight up, and she rocked gently back
and forth in the swing.  I kept her ankles together as I attached the first
ankle cuff to the ring on the downstrap of the swing.

"Make a wish," I smiled and drew her legs open and attached her other ankle to
the other downstrap.

I stood back and admired her. she wriggled adorably. her eyes smiled at Me and
she moaned softly. My eyes scanned down her body over her hard nipples and tight
stomach and settled on her pussy. I grinned up into her eyes and returned My
gaze to her crotch as I leaned down and picked up the feather.

_______________________________________________________


'Ohhh godddd' raced through my brain as the feather caressed my inner thighs. 
Looking down the muscles were taut and visibly shaking wherever the feather
touched me.  He was standing over me.  The feather touched me all over.  i was
worried it would tickle but it didn't.  It was divine.  i found myself bucking
at that damned feather as He gently swept it over my body and drew it downward
skimming across my pussy .  i needed something harder.  i didn't have to wait.

He dropped back down to His haunches.  i felt it brush over my nether lips.  A
vibrator.  Oh my god. i'm gonna cum!  He withdrew it and i whimpered from behind
the gag.  Noooo.  He did it again.  i whimpered more urgently.  Over and over. 
i felt faint and the perspiration had begun to make a sheen on my skin.  Over
and over.  Over and over.  i forgot who i was and where i was.  Ecstacy without
finality. It was delicious and terrible at the same time.  Each time i felt more
aroused than the last.  From the mist in front of my half open eyes came His
voice.

"your pleasure is Mine to give you.... I OWN your orgasms...  you do not have
them unless I specifically allow you to...  Nod your head if you understand."

i nodded urgently. i would have invaded Poland.  God, that vibrator was so
close.  If only...

"Mmmmhhhhnnnnn!"

Owwwwwww!  Pop.  Pop.  Pop.  The sound rang in my ears.  Pop.  Pop.  i writhed
in abject terror, trying to rid myself of the bites of His crop on my inner
thigh.  Held fast, there was no escape of course.  Pop.  It was that thought
that snapped me.  I never even thought of the 'red' word.  Pop.  Pop.  Pop.  It
wasn't that bad.  It smarted but hurt only for a moment.  Pop.  Do-able.  i can
do this.  Pop.  Pop.  ooooo just below my navel.  mmmm that stings.  Did i say
mmmm?  Pop.

Ohhh.  Pop.  Pop.  Pop.  i dropped my head back on my shoulders and pleasantly
found it supported by a strap of the swing.  Pop.  mmmm yes on my ass.  Pop. 
Pop.  mmmmmm yesss.  Pop.  my whole body was beginning to shake.  Pop.  Pop. 
Pop.  i felt a trickle of my juice run underneath me.  mmmm yes, i didn't mind
it at all.  Pop.  Pop.  Pop.  Pop.

_______________________________________________________


I wiped My forearm across My brow as I ceased with dominique's cropping.  her
head lolled on her shoulders and she continued to moan softly with her eyes
closed.  My cock was erect and bent down the leg of My leather pants
uncomfortably.  It throbbed indecently.  It was time to claim My prize.

I practically tore My pants from My lower body as I watched dominique in
pre-orgasmic bliss.  I sighed as My engorged cock leapt free.  I fisted it once
or twice to get the kinks out and bent it down and aligned it with her drenched
cunt.

My desire won out and I shafted into My slut.  I gripped her by her breasts and
slammed into her full length.  "NOW slut, NOW you may fucking cum!"  I squeezed
out between cleched teeth.  I gently pushed her away from Me and watched My
soaked shaft slowly appear then drawing back My hips like a slingshot I twitched
and slammed into her again and she came.  I fucked her as she shook and moaned. 
I fucked her harder and she whimpered and shuddered.  I fucked her so hard the
beam above was creaking.  her breasts bulged out between the grip of My fingers
as I drove into her again and again.  Again her body stiffened and her pussy
clamped.  Again I fucked right through her grip.  Again she shuddered and moaned
through the gag.

"Ohhhhh FUCK YES!"  The words cut through the air heavy with sex.  It was My own
voice.  My mind was elsewhere, on My tingling balls, slapping over and over
against her dripping wet ass.  My thighs were shaking with the effort and I just
gave in.  I slammed deeply into dominique one last time, and exploded.  My cock
lurched and My balls contracted.  I released and cried out.  "Ohhhh sweet
jesus!"  Again and again My cock throbbed and pumped hot cum into dominique's
twitching and grasping pussy.  I threw My head back and slammed into her again. 
I held My self there.  My mouth open.  Breathing hard.  Panting.

I released her reddened breasts and My hands slid down over her body gripping
her hips as I ground out My pleasure.  My eyes were closed and I enjoyed the
feeling of her tight slick hotness around Me and her smooth hips in My hands.  I
felt like I could stay there forever.  But of course that wasn't possible and My
withering cock eventually slipped from her.  I sighed and opened My eyes.

I had to steady My weak knees as I gazed upon dominique.  Tears ran down her
cheeks and curled around her nervous smile.

"What is it pet?"  I asked as I reached up and unclipped her gag from behind her
head and removed it.

"It's... well it's just that i have never, you know Sir, never felt anything
like that, never knew it could be like that." 

I unbuckled her wrists and she rubbed them.

"Explain."

"Well Sir, i... i mean... this girl is overwhelmed Sir."

I smiled.

"You are not finished yet dominique."

"No Sir?"

"No pet, it's clean-up time."  I made no move to unstrap her thighs or unbuckle
her ankles.  I looked at her and grinned.

"Um, this girl doesn't understand Sir, don't You need to untie her so she can do
as You ask?"

"Not yet pet."

"Oh Sir, please help her to know!"

She looked adorable, pleading for direction, the look on her face a cross
between eagerness to please and fear that she hadn't noticed something obvious. 
I teased her no more.

"It is your duty to clean your body and Mine after sex pet.  You are also
required to clean up any mess W/we have made."

she looked at Me questioningly.  I pointed at her pussy awash with her juices
and My sperm, steadily dripping to the floor below her.  My pointed finger then
scanned up her body to her mouth.  Realisation dawned on her and she blushed
anew.

her eyes went downwards at first but from her angle I doubted she could see
anything.  her head then fell back again, supported by the swing, and I watched
as she brought her fingers down and slid them into her pussy.  A moment later
she was sucking them clean then reaching down to diligently continue her work. 
Soft mewing sounds began to escape her mouth between sucks.

My cock responded fitfully and although I couldn't raise an effective hardon, as
I looked down I smiled to Myself and thought 'half hard already, wont be long.' 
I moved quietly around dominique, still bound in the swing and tipped her head
back further and pressed My cock to her lips.  With Me holding her head she
obliged and opened her mouth cleaning Me of O/our spend.   I shuddered anew at
her tight suction and the movement of her tongue.   A moment later I pulled free
and was being replaced by her sodden fingers once again.

she was someplace else.  I undid the straps and buckles binding her, and she
continued her work as I let her legs down and they flopped open like a ragdoll. 
she was mumbling something to herself and raising her hips.  she buried her
fingers once again.  My words broke her reverie only momentarily.

"Dont forget the floor dominique.  Use your tongue.  I will shower and return in
a few minutes.  you may cum but only once.  W/we have much to do pet."

"mmmmmm, yes Sir."

The image of dominique swaying gently back and forth in the swing with her
fingers in her pussy and mouth was burned into My memory forever.




Chapter 03

i had never felt like this... so crazy... so wanton.  It felt like a dream. 
Like it wasn't me getting down on my hands and knees.  And it wasn't me
purposefully licking all of O/our juices from the polished floorboards where
they had flowed out of me.  Everything was mixed up and back to front and
wrong...  and yet so  ...right.  my life was changed...  i was changed.  i wiped
up the remainder with my fingers and cleaned them off in my mouth.

It's strange how sometimes i have to remember to take a breath.  Like not taking
one will keep me safe.  Or taking one will break a spell.  But i did take a
breath.  And another and another.  And the spell wasn't broken.  And I did feel
safe.  So safe in fact that my nudity hadn't even occurred to me.  i felt
alive...  so alive...  my skin tingled and my pussy felt so swollen.  i fingered
the collar around my neck.  i felt...  owned...  and yet i felt completely free
for the first time in my life.

_______________________________________________________


I decided that a few moments alone with her thoughts and her body would be
helpful to dominique.  I had stopped in the doorway, buckled the belt on My
leather pants, and gazed back at her while she swung back and forth.  Yes...  I
gazed.  And I smiled to Myself.  And I thought,  'now THAT is a beautiful
sight'.

It also occured to Me that there was much more that dominique had to learn, and
much more she had to discover.  Looking at her, in her own little world, I shook
My head once, slowly.  The smile still played across My lips as I left her with
her thoughts.

The stars were out that night.  I remember because dominique said something
about it.  I sat on the back steps after showering.  A glass of red wine in My
hand, and another by My bare feet.  It didn't take dominique long to find Me. 
she sat on the step below Me and picked up her wine.  she looked into My smiling
face as she sipped her wine then turned her eyes to the sky.

"It's a beautiful night, Sir."

"It certainly is." I took a few strands of dominique's long black hair and
twirled it in My fingers. I tugged gently on her hair.

"...Sir?"

"How are you feeling dominique?"

she took a moment before responding.

"May this one speak freely Sir?"

"By all means pet, it would please Me if you did."

"Um, well Sir, i would like to just think aloud if i may..."

"you have permission to speak as you wish dominique, I am listening."

"Well Sir...  i feel...  incredible...  almost reborn...  like crushed... 
resurrected...  fulfilled...  i feel...  sated, for the first time in my life... 
truly sated...  and yet eager...  so so eager for more...  to prove to You i can
satisfy You...  to please You as best as i can...  it makes me wet just thinking
about it Sir..."

I smiled.

"And... i um ...want to be tested Sir... i um... i can't believe i'm saying
this... i want to be used.  i want to feel like... Your whore.  i..i.. i want to
be hurt  ...and comforted...  i want to be punished...  for feeling this way... 
to show You i can do it too...  take it i mean...  i feel so slutty Sir...  and
i love it i love it so much  ...maybe too much..."

"Finger your cunt dominique."

"Ohh, yes Sir...  mmmmmmm You are so mean...  i'm so wet...  i can't believe i
am acting like this...  but i'm not acting...  i always dreamt of feeling this
way...  feeling in Someones...  i don't know...  like 'shadow'...  Someone good
and kind...  Someone mean and also  ...nasty,"  she smiled.  "...But also
Someone i feel safe with...  someone i trust.  And i trust You Sir.  And.. 
and...  i really don't know why...  i mean i hardly know You Sir...  and yet... 
i feel closer and more secure with You than i have ever felt in my life..."

"Is that what you need most dominique. To feel secure?"

"Yes..  yes Sir, but a little more than that...  to feel truly secure i also
want to be desired...  wanted...  used...  used often...  oh god what am i
saying..."

"Shhh dominique...  it's alright...  you know...  your deepest secrets...  your
deepest desires...  are safe with Me."

"...Somehow this girl knows that Sir..."

W/we sat there, and the minutes ticked by.  dominique moved between My legs and
leaned back against My chest.   One of her arms rested on My thigh with her
fingertips caressing the front of My knee absentmindedly.  her other fingers I
could faintly hear sliding slowly in and out of her wet pussy.  W/we stared at
the stars and listened to each O/other breathe.

"...the stars are beautiful tonight Sir."

_______________________________________________________


i had never imagined saying half the things i said that night.  He took my hand
and led me inside and W/we sat on a dark red velvet couch...  well He sat and I
knelt comfortably on a thick matching cushion at His feet.  i leaned against
Him, and played with the hairs on the back of His calf.

"Tell Me what you fantasise about dominique."

i swallowed and explained that most of my fantasies involved a He-man type, kind
of dragging me away and having his way with me.  It was a recurring theme.  Sir
seemed amused.  i giggled.

"my dreams are often similar to my fantasies Sir."

"Why am I not surprised dominique..." He grinned at me, "what does your fantasy
man do to you pet?"

"Um... well... i usually think of him as a barbarian type or something Sir...
but um... sometimes its a faceless nameless man.... and um... usually he scares
me first Sir.  He drags me by the hair kicking and screaming.  It's usually
outdoors where others may see...  he calls me a stupid whore cunt or something
similar Sir, and he is going to rape my sorry ass.  i scream and try to fight
but i am mostly ashamed because he will soon find out i am wet as anything.  
Soon he is calling me a dumb horny whore and slapping my tits and he throws me
over a rock or a table and he fucks me really hard.  i ..um ..usually cum
thinking about that Sir," i blushed.  i resisted the temptation to touch myself
again.

"Where?"

"Um... outside usually Sir... usua.."

"No I mean where does he fuck you pet?"

"Oh um ...sorry Sir ...he um.. he usually fucks me in the pussy but... oh god i
am so embarrassed Sir..."

"Why pet? Tell Me why..."

"Well Sir... he also um... he also fucks me in the ass um sometimes... well
lately anyway. Oh god Sir my cheeks are burning..."

"Hmmm really dominique... pinch your nipples pet."

i did and i whimpered a little.  He grinned once more, i giggled and realised i
was getting wet all over again.  It shot through my mind that confessing to Him
was actually pretty hot.  i looked right at Him and waited for Him to go on.

"I wonder why it is 'lately' that he has begun to fuck your ass in your
fantasies..."

"Oh Sir..." i blurted out, well it felt like i was blurting.  "i was um...
threatened with being fucked in the ass many years ago... well about 4 years
ago... and um ...oh i don't really know why i've started thinking about it again
lately.  i guess maybe i always wondered..."

At that moment i felt an unholy grip take hold of my hair as He stood up and
began to drag me from the sitting room.  i screeched, "aaeeeeyaaaooowwwwww," and
i protested,  "please oh... i'm sorry Sir... what did i say? what did this girl
do wrong? oowwwwwwww..." 

i stumbled to crawl after Him, twisting to try to lessen the strain on my scalp.
He moved so swiftly towards the stairs i had no chance to get to my feet.  In
any case He held his fist full of my hair down low and i couldn't raise my head
anyway.

i just scrambled along after Him, He strode straight past the stairs dragging me
behind Him. A sudden rush came over me when i realised He was dragging me back
to His study.

________________________________________________________


What fun this was going to be.  I looked down at her hands holding My wrist, My
fist full of her lustrous black hair.  I almost laughed out loud.  But that
wouldn't have done.  That wouldn't have done at all.

I dragged dominique back to My study.  her legs kicked and her knees banged the
floor and she tried to gain her feet.  I spoke quietly, but loudly enough for
her to hear Me clearly.

"So miss goody fucking two shoes has fantasies of taking it up the ass eh? 
Well, well, well... the foul fucking truth comes out."

"Oww Sir, You are hurting me!"

"What? This?"  I tugged her hair.  "This is nothing you little fucking slut.
This is nothing compared to having your ass cleaved open by My big hard cock you
whore.  I can't wait to show you what I have in store for your sweet, smooth,
innocent fucking ass."

"Oh ouucchhh!"

I pulled hard on her hair and swung her through the open door of the study into
the dark interior.  "Get in there you dirty little ass-fucking cunt!"  I
growled.  I swung around and flicked on the low lights and advanced and stood in
front of her, My hands on My hips.

she cowered before Me, leaning on one palm, and holding up the other between us,
whimpering some rubbish.  I grabbed her behind that open palm by the wrist and
began slowly twisting it and looking into her eyes. 

"you will not speak or I will gag you slut."

she grimaced in defiance, despite the pain in her shoulder.

I slapped her hard across the face and she gaped at Me. "Do you FUCKING
understand?" I hissed.

she nodded as a tear fell down her cheek.

"you will do EXACTLY as I say, won't you CUNT."

I twisted her arm a little more and she whimpered, nodded quickly and her gaze
dropped to the floor.

I whispered menacingly, "get the short-handled whip with all the tails, and the
ropes ...W/we're going to have a little party."

her eyes grew wide as she realised what was happening.  I could almost taste her
fear.  This was going to be good.

dominique jumped to her feet and walked quickly on her toes to the wall where
everything was hung and picked out the items.  she dropped back to her knees and
crawled back to Me.  she knelt in the classic manner in front of Me, only with
head inclined and the items I asked for offered up to Me.  I wanted to smile and
praise her but I didn't.  I took the items and clipped the whip to My belt.

"Get on your fucking feet, turn around, hands behind your back slut."

she opened her mouth to speak and I slapped her across the face again, sending
her sprawling.

"I said NOW you stupid fucking CUNT!" I screamed.

she sprang to her feet in shock, tears running down her face, turned quickly and
laced her fingers together above her ass.  I fashioned a slip knot and slipped
it over her wrists then wound up her forearms tightly binding them together
almost to her elbows.  The tightness of the silk rope pulled her shoulders back
and she whimpered.

"Lean against the training table slut,"  I said, prodding her in the back.  she
walked slowly forward until her hips met the edge of the table and she planted
her feet.

I reached up and swung a hanging pulley along a rail.  It stopped almost above
her.  I threaded another silk rope through the pulley and tied it off also
around her wrists.  dominique bent over as her wrists were pulled upward toward
the pulley. I threaded the other end of the rope through the ring on the back of
her collar and tied it off.

"you asked to be tested My little fucking whore, I'll give you a test you wont
soon forget."

I stood back from her and admired her.  she did look quite stunning.  I rubbed
the growing erection in My leather pants, and noticed her trying to look
sideways at Me.  "she needs a distraction," I thought.

Without a word I walked over to the toybox and lifted the lid and rummaged
around inside.  I found what I was looking for. I picked up the lube from the
side table and walked back to dominique.

Silently I walked up beside her and pinched at her nipples, first one then the
other.  I enjoyed tormenting her.  her nipples were hard but I tweaked and
pinched at them anyway.  Then deftly I opened and caught first one nipple, then
the other in tight nipple clamps.  she gasped delightfully as each one clamped
tightly around its nipple.  I reached into My pocket withdrawing a 12" silver
chain which I attached to each clamp.  Then pulling upwards on the chain, I
said, "Open," and when she did I placed the chain between her teeth.  she was
blushing and breathing hard.  I said "Don't let it go," and she nodded and
moaned softly as her nipples were pulled upwards in the clamps.

"Almost done slut."

I smiled to Myself as I considered changing to the larger plug.  I shook My
head, smiled and thought "I am too merciful," and proceeded to lubricate the
slim butt plug.  I was almost done when I looked across at dominique.  From
behind, her ass was lovely the way she had it pushed out.  "Mmmmmmm" I said
aloud.

And yet something was missing.  I scratched My chin with the butt plug as I
stared at her ass and long legs, her weight shifting from foot to foot, and I
snapped My fingers.  I walked back over to the side table and put down the plug
and lube.  I lifted the spreader bar from its place on the wall, leather ankle
cuffs attached, and walked back over to dominique with it.  I smacked
dominique's ass with My palm and her body jerked and she moaned as she pulled
upwards on her nipples.  I said loudly, "spread slut," and she complied and
moaned again as the new position pulled at her bonds.

I went down on My haunches to cuff her ankles to either end of the bar.  When I
stood I felt like I was looking at a work of art.  I admired her for another
moment before I walked back over to the side table and relubed the plug.

I walked back over to dominique.  With My free hand I smoothed over her
heart-shaped ass.  she moaned softly and I had to know.  I slid My fingers
between her legs and into her furnace. 

"you fucking slut." I breathed in her ear.

I slid two fingers straight into her dripping channel.  she pressed back a
little and moaned louder. I slid My fingers out of her then slid one straight
into her ass.  I sawed it in and out telling her how much I was going to enjoy
breaking in her ass.  she moaned and shook in shock. 

I slid My finger back into her pussy then back into her ass.  her crotch was
soon coated in her juices and I felt that while it would be uncomfortable, the
slim, 5" plug would fit her nicely.  I slid My finger back out of her.  I leaned
into her ear and whispered, "you are so very beautiful," and I slowly slid that
plug right up her ass.

I could see her body tighten and shudder a little, but still she did not cry
out.  I brushed a tear from her cheek and told her I wanted her to have
something to remember this by.  I reached up and combed her hair in front of her
face with My fingers and stepped away from her. 

I walked back over to the toybox. I picked up the Polaroid camera and fired off
a few snaps of her, mostly from behind with her whole body in the frame. I put
the camera and the photos on the side table and unsnapped My whip from My belt. 
I swung it through the air a few times and listened to it whistle.  In a few
moments the pictures began to develop and I picked up the best one and walked
back over to dominique.

I placed it in front of her so she could see how she looked.

"For you," I said simply.

And just as simply I said, "I am going to whip you now. When you can take no
more say 'red' dominique."

she nodded and moaned.

I swung the whip a few times.  Each time it whistled and she flinched and
moaned.  Then I brought it down across her ass.  I was not in the mood to have
her hobbling for days.  But I wanted her to feel it.  To feel the welts.  To
feel the reminders of who she had become, of what she had become.  I brought it
down again across her ass and she stifled a scream and jumped.  It was hard but
I was pleased.  It would have hurt.

I worked My way up her ass to her lower back, criss-crossing her skin with thin
red welts.  Then back down again over her ass and down her thighs whipping her
over and over.  she was moaning but had given no sign of defeat.  she still held
the chain between her teeth.

As I worked My way back up each of her thighs to her ass I contemplated the
beauty of the small whip.  So well crafted.  So easy to handle.  The swivel
attachment between the handle and the tails was a wonderful addition.  It made
for ease of quick and repetitive strikes much like I was laying on dominique's
skin.  Then a louder moan broke through My thoughts and I watched in awe as
dominique came.

She moaned again, and shuddered again.  her head dropped and the chain fell from
her mouth. 

I whipped her harder when I saw that.  Her wrists jerked upwards and she moaned
and began shuddering almost continuously.  I dropped the whip to the floor and
gripped the plug in My fingers placing My other hand in the middle of her back. 
I started pulling it out and pushing it back into her.  Just an inch or so at
first, but it was only seconds before I realised it wasn't worrying her at all. 
I started fucking her ass with the plug in earnest.  I watched the first
multiple orgasm I had ever seen.

The words now coming from dominique's mouth took My breath away.

"Fuck me ...yes please fuck me ...fuck my ass ...ohhh godddd fuckkkk..." she
shuddered and shivered over and over again.

I actually tore the zip in My leather pants trying to get them off.  And I
didn't care.  I just threw the plug across the floor, stepped in behind her,
wedged My cock in her ass and gripped her hips. 

Then I lunged into her. I was so close I didn't care.

I buried all I had in her. I held her shuddering and moaning body in My hands
and I fucked her ass ruthlessly.

I could hardly hold her, My hands were slick with both O/our sweat. But I fucked
her hard into the edge of the table.

I reached up and pulled back her head by her long mane of black hair and I
flooded her guts with My hot cum.

With each fitful and withering lunge My cock spasmed and throbbed its salvos of
thick male juices.  All dominique could do was moan, "oooOOO... oooOOO...
oooOOOO..."   her own spasms died away and she began to mumble to herself.

I reached out and undid the tie over the pulley on her wrists and she collapsed
to the table.  her breathing sounded as hard as Mine and I struggled a little to
unbind her forearms.  My eyes scanned over her once alabaster skin and approved
of the wealth of raised welts across it.  I threw the ropes now free of her
across the floor and stroked gently over her sensitive skin.  she moaned softly
and I leaned down and listened to her mumble laying My weight down over her back
and caressing her shoulders.

"Oh Sir... oh jesus Sir... please keep me ...please please keep me..."

"Shhh dominique shhh... you will be sleeping in My bed tonight..."




Chapter 04

A little more than a year has passed, and a lot has happened to me in that time.
Andrew moved me into His large house. He is my one and only Master, and i would
do anything for Him...... Yes, i am a submissive woman.   i'm proud of this
fact.  i can now be myself, truely be myself.  Sometimes it hurts, emotionally
and physically, to be this way.  But god, the highs are sometimes beyond my
ability to cope.  They leave me gasping in pleasure and amazement.

Andrew and i settled into a routine that W/we both felt comfortable with.  W/we
both have jobs and i wanted to keep mine, which He found amusing but assented
to.  As it turned out it was just as well, or i may have been tearing my hair
out in frustration and boredom.  His business trips took Him out of the country
for five days a month.  i was just becoming accustomed to being alone again and
Him being away...  but of course Sir would not let me forget who i am...

i had been masturbating.  It's something i am allowed to do if He is not here,
or unless directed otherwise.  (i find myself masturbating, sometimes lazily,
sometimes frantically, quite often these days.)   It pleases Andrew to see me
aroused.  And He tells me it pleases Him to know i am not neglecting my desires. 
It pleases me too!  And i hadn't been told i wasn't allowed.  So i was passing
the time after a long day, hoping for a phone call from Him, just to hear His
voice...  i had been laying on O/our bed and had attached some clamps to my
nipples and was touching myself and slowly building to orgasm, dreaming of my
Master and the heights He had taken me to.  And then, the most frustrating thing
happened.  There was a knock at the door, a very demanding knock....

_______________________________________________________


dominique and I have been together for some time now.  Time really has flown. 
Sometimes I wonder whether I am falling behind in her development, satisfied in
a sort of "comfort zone".   I know it is My right to push her limits.  I also
know I have a responsibility to Myself, to provide Myself with a submissive best
equipped to provide Me with the pleasure I desire and enjoy. 

I also have a responsibility to dominique, to push her limits and to help her
become the submissive she desires to be.  Please don't misunderstand Me... if  I
were to be frozen in time right now, I would leave this life a happy, satisfied,
and pleased Man.  But I am not being frozen in time...  And finding new
challenges, that are truly compatible with what I want for Myself and for
dominique, means putting My mind to work and taking advantage of the
opportunities that present themselves.

Being a Dominant is hard work... ok so I am smiling to Myself, but its true! 
One needs to be supremely confident of the choices He or She makes on anothers
behalf, and to be prepared to follow a plan to reach the desired goal. Knowing
another better than they know themselves is no mean feat.  Having a submissive
that is willing to do exactly as You ask is like finding a rare gem.  No matter
how hard or difficult a trauma One's submissive may be subjected to, there has
to be a reason.  In other words, and within clear limits, "the end justifies the
means".

I was away on business when I had an idea. I had on occasion toyed with the
thought of sharing dominique with some of My Dominant friends.  I had even
mentioned it in passing to her.  Something like "Don't you think Paul is cute?"
To be honest I really am madly in love with her.  So the reason for actually
arranging for her introduction to My friends, on a more personal basis, must be
seen in context.

I am so proud of her.  I am so proud of her I feel like I could put her through
almost anything and she would succeed.  Even lap it up.  I *wanted* to show her
off.  Yes, male ego perhaps, but even more than that, I wanted her to be aware
of how good she was to Me.  And, I wanted to give her something.  Some pleasure,
even though I was gone fairly frequently.  And though she used to complain about
My absences, she hadn't in a while.  Why didn't she complain?  I thought about
that for a few days.  I wondered whether she too was in a "comfort zone".  I
came to some decisions, and I rang Paul.

_______________________________________________________

i threw myself out of the bed and wrapped a robe around myself, wondering who
might be at the door.  i hoped it was Andrew, but dismissed the thought as He
would have let Himself in.  i wondered how i looked as i briefly caught a
glimpse of myself in the hallway mirror and ran my fingers through my hair
before opening the big front door.

There stood Paul, one of Andrew's two closest friends.  He looked at me
intently, His eyes running slowly up and down the length of me.  i felt terribly
under-dressed and vulnerable and instantly wished i had changed or thrown on
something more appropriate. i went to speak and He held up His hand to stop me.
Yes, Paul is also a Dominant. And He's gorgeous!

"Andrew asked Me to check on you and make sure you weren't getting up to no
good."

i smiled and nodded and stepped back opening the door for Him. He just stood
there. "Please come in Sir," i said.

"Thankyou dominique I will." i just knew He could see the flush in my cheeks
from my earlier escapades. That made me blush even more.

Paul walked straight into the sitting room off the entranceway. i followed and
stopped in the doorway. "May i get You anything Sir? A drink or a coffee?"

"Scotch on the rocks please dominique, and make yourself one too."

"Yes Sir."

i trotted off to get the drinks and made His. i don't really like scotch so i
made myself a vodka and orange. It was about 10.30 pm. i returned with the
drinks on a tray and brought them over to where He sat comfortably in Andrew's
chair. I didn't know if He knew it was Andrew's. i was standing in front of Him
and holding out the tray for Him to take His drink, and i smiled. He had a funny
look in His eye as He looked up at me from His drink. His eyes narrowed and a
wash of strange anticipation came over me.

"What is happening?" i suddenly thought.
_____________________________________________________________

Paul and I have known each Other for a long time.  We speak regularly and
exchange ideas.  I trust Him and He trusts Me.  We have no secrets, only
omissions: things We are yet to tell each Other.  It was on this basis that I
called Him. 

"Paul, it's Me."

"Hey Andrew! How's the trip going?"

"Great buddy, Paris is wonderful at this time of year."

"Yeah, yeah, so I've heard. So to what do I owe the pleasure?"

"Well, I was thinking.... and I had an idea..."

_______________________________________________________


"Two things dominique." Paul admonished, "First, I told you to make yourself a
scotch on the rocks, not whatever you liked, and second, that is no way to serve
a guest of your Master's."

I went to protest but He held up His hand again. i was starting to get wet and
was struggling with what was happening. If only He had arrived ten minutes later
i would have felt more composed.

"Don't put down the tray dominique. Pick up your drink and finish it. Then go
and make yourself a scotch on the rocks and return. And serve it the way your
Master would have you serve Me."

"Yes Sir, sorry Sir." I unsteadily held the tray in one hand, it was heavy! i
had to finish my drink quickly or i felt like i might drop the tray. I finished
it in two gulps and He waved His hand dismissing me to fix another drink. i did
so quickly and returned. Once again i approached Him in Andrew's chair and
briefly wondered if my Master knew Paul was here. Paul answered as if He was
reading my mind.

"Andrew called Me today and asked Me to look in on you, to make sure you weren't
slipping in His absence. Now would you please serve Me properly before you rest
easy and enjoy your drink."

By now i was on autopilot. On the outside i was walking closer to Him, crouching
down and placing the tray at His feet, moving as gracefully as I could to my
knees and picking up the tray again, lifting it up and bowing My head. On the
inside i was going crazy.

"Thankyou dominique. Relax and enjoy your drink."

"Thankyou Sir."  i sat back on my heels and placed the tray beside me. i picked
up my glass and sipped at the strong liquor. Why didn't Andrew warn me Paul was
coming over? What's going on? Is Paul allowed to punish me if i do wrong? Or...
or... gosh what is He allowed to do to me? ...and why am i so hot all of a
sudden?

"Are you alright dominique?"

"Yes Sir," i said without hesitating, "i've just been busy doing housework this
evening and i'm a little tired."

Paul looked right at me with that intense look of His and i felt He knew i had
lied. i dont know how He did but He knew straight away. After a moment He said
softly and intently, "I don't believe you. What have you been doing? I see you
dressed in a robe with clearly nothing underneath. Why are you so nervous, is
there anyone else here?" i was completely taken aback. i thought he was going to
say i was doing something else, maybe masturbating like i was, not hiding
someone and cheating on my Master - god!

"Anyone else! Why Sir there is no wa..."

"Answer Me!"

"i..i.. i am alone Sir i promise, i was um... masturbating when You arrived Sir,
that is why i am not properly dressed." i burnt with shame at my admission. What
was possessing me to confess to Him? He was NOT my Master, He's not!  i sat up
straight and pushed my shoulders back.

"Sir, i am very pleased You looked in on me, and as You can see i am perfectly
fine on my own. But thank You for dropping by."

"Are you trying to get rid of Me dominique?"

"Um no Sir, i just meant if You were busy or if You had somewhere else..."  i
looked up at Him and saw in His eyes that my words were not having their desired
effect. His chiseled features seemed to harden further as i spoke and my words
died a lonely death. It was silent for a long moment before Paul spoke again.

"Am I to assume that you expect Me to report 'all is well' to Andrew when you
have greeted Me at the door half dressed, you chose your own drink when I told
you to have a scotch, you chose to offer Me My drink in a manner unbecoming, and
you lied to Me when questioned?"

i gasped and my hand covered my mouth. Now i was really ashamed...  God Andrew
will be so disappointed.  i was really in for it now...

"Answer Me!"

"No Sir, i wouldn't expect a good report Sir..."  More silence.

"Well dominique, I propose W/we ensure that you are properly disciplined right
now, to ensure some continuity in your good behaviour while Andrew is out of
town."  i didn't like the way that sounded.  "Where is your paddle dominique?"

"Um, paddle Sir? You don't actually intend to paddle me without Andrew being
present do You? i mean i don't know if..."

"dominique..."

"Y..Y..Yes Sir?"

"When I say Andrew called Me to look in on you, I can assure you He also gave Me
very strong instructions as to how to deal with you if what I saw was not up to
standard. He has given Me free reign, dominique, *completely* free reign.
Perhaps you would like to call Him and question Him yourself?"

i realised i could cop a hiding here so i sipped my drink and composed myself
before looking up at Him through my bangs. I could feel myself getting gooey at
the thought of a punishment, but i couldn't let Him know that, it wouldn't be
right... would it?

i smiled as sweetly as i could, and said, "Sir, i am very sorry for doubting
you. i promise i will not question You or hesitate again, if it is my Master's
wish."

"Very good dominique, I am pleased to hear it... Now where is that fucking
paddle?"

_______________________________________________________


"I think it's time to broaden dominique's horizons..."

"What are You getting at?"

"I'm going to take her up to Dean's place by the lake..."

"I thought dominique was off limits..."

"she was..."

"And?"

"And... that's where You come in My good friend..."

_______________________________________________________


i couldn't believe it as i got up.  i couldn't believe it as i walked over to
the sideboard and opened it.  i couldn't believe it when i took out the paddle
and held it in my hands, staring down at it.  No-one else had ever paddled me,
or spanked me or anything! How would i react?  All i knew was that i didn't want
to displease my Master... but i was hot and turned on and i hoped my Master
wasn't testing me. 

 i felt like i was losing control of the situation.  i  looked at Paul and
wondered what it would be like, and He nodded at me and smiled that boyish smile
of His...  i didn't realise until that moment that there were tears flowing down
my cheeks so i quickly brushed them away with the back of my hand.  i was so
confused.  Was i thinking too much?  Or not enough?

i trudged back to Paul.  i knelt down before Him and offered my paddle up to
Him.  i was starting to feel woozy... maybe it was the rush of alcohol, but i
have lately begun to get intense rushes across my skin at merely the thought of
being punished.  i hate hate hate disappointing my Master... but oh mmmm i just
swoon with pleasure as He gives me what He wants... and what i desire...

my blush was racing up my neck and coursing across my cheeks as i thought to
speak, "Please forgive me Sir, and punish me as You would expect my Master to."

"you have come a long way dominique.  But I am going to do this for your own
good.  Stand and lean over the back of the large overstuffed chair there," He
said pointing.  i wondered if Paul knew how many times my Master had disciplined
me bent over that very chair.  i still felt like i was on a runaway train and
there was nothing i could do about it.  Where will this end?  What if He tries
to fuck Me?  i don't think i could stop Him!  It's not fair it's not fair...  i
wish Andrew would call...  OH MY GOD!

At that moment Paul chose to lift my robe and exposed my behind. A stinging slap
zinged through my ass and i bit my lip and i whimpered. My feet were locked
together and i was bent right over.

"Spread your legs you stupid slut."

Oh my god oh my god... He shouldn't be here what am i doing it's not fair i
mustn't let my Master down no please don't touch me it's not fair...

"Stop thinking dominique. And listen to Me." His fingers were brushing over my
ass.

i struggled to compose myself, "Yes Sir, sorry Sir i am listening..."

"Andrew and Dean and I have been very good friends for a long time. Our
friendship is stronger than My feelings for you, and far stronger than your
feelings for Me..."

"But..."

"Shut up and listen..."  i bit my lip.  "I like you dominique, but I like you
much more when you are well behaved, and when I can tell Andrew that you were a
good girl for Me.  Do you understand?"  i nodded vigorously... its not a good
idea to rankle a Man with a paddle in His hand.

"How many dominique?"

"Ten Sir?"

"Very well, I would have thought five but you should know how many you deserve
better than I.  Brace yourself."

_______________________________________________________


"Well, what do You want Me to do?"

"Well Paul, I want You to shake her up a bit, ...... a lot really....  I want
her to be blissfully unaware of what is happening, so I am not going to tell
her.  I want You to check in on her and let nature take its course. You
understand Paul,  that for one evening, I am giving her to You, don't you...."

"Yes I do.  And it will certainly be a pleasure Andrew.  How do You want her to
feel afterward?"

"Confused, ashamed, fearful of My reaction. You can tell her I said it was ok,
but don't let her call Me to confirm.  I want her mind doing cartwheels."

"And then what...  You might lose her."

"Don't fool Yourself My friend.  dominique is utterly in love with Me...  I just
want her to understand that she is unashamedly at My disposal, that I can and
will do whatever I have a whim to do with her.  It's a good plan My friend."

"Well...  all I know is that I am going to enjoy this."

"You are going to love it.  Remember I trust You to carry out My wishes Paul."

"Leave it with Me."

"I already have."

______________________________________________________


i did brace myself.  i clenched my teeth as tightly as my fists in the fabric of
the chair.  i shrieked and held as tight as i could through each of the wallops.
The tears coursed down my face again but before i knew it He whacked me one as
hard as Master ever had and He counted ten.  Then it was over.  my breath was
wheezing in and out of my lungs, my heart going a mile a minute, and my ass
burnt like crazy.  i could feel myself dripping as i always did and i buried my
face in my hands in shame.

"It's alright dominique."

i felt Him lifting me by the shoulders into a standing position, my burning ass
against His clothed but clearly aroused cock. He put His arms around me and told
me how beautiful i was.  In moments His hands were under my robe gently holding
then massaging my aching breasts, pinching my nipples and rolling them in His
fingers. God i was so aroused.

All the feelings from being interrupted earlier, a little alcohol, my most
obvious submission to Him, to my confusion and my punishment, even being
punished over the same chair my Master often had.  It all seemed to double how
hot i might have felt otherwise.  He really is a yummy man and feeling His
hardness against me made me melt in His insistent hands.

And yet, my mind fought my body, begging Andrew's forgiveness for my weakness. 
i should have been doing more to stop Paul.  But i didn't know whether i should
or not...  it wasn't fair!  i was being led into O/our bedroom by my hand and i
knew my clamps and vibrator strewn across the bed met Paul's eyes as He entered.

"The scene of the crime..." He muttered.

Paul threw me on the bed and i started to back up on my elbows breathing hard. 
He grasped me by the ankles and pulled me down to the bottom of the bed.  i just
flopped back and closed my eyes, praying that my Master would forgive me.

Not a word was spoken as He stripped quickly and laid my robe aside.  He climbed
onto me and slid His very hard and very thick cock straight into me.  He was no
match for my Master in length but by god He stretched me good.   In no time i
had given into my passion.  i felt so weak.  So ashamed.  i swore and cursed Him
for His endurance as He fucked me through three orgasms.  He fucked me fast,
then slow, then fast again.  It was agonisingly frustrating and blissfully good. 
He was driving me insane with pleasure again, when He stopped.  i could feel Him
throbbing inside me. He said He was very close. Then He pulled out.

i lay there for a moment trying to catch my breath. When i opened my eyes He was
gone.  i got up on very shaky legs.  i had to sit down again a moment.  i was
literally sitting in my juices.  God i had been so well fucked.  i was finding
it hard to remember why i felt guilty.  i mean, i felt repulsed by my weakness,
embarrassed by my sluttiness, and guilty and confused (not knowing what would
please my Master).  But mostly i felt well fucked!  i wondered where He went.

i went to the living room and found Him standing with His back to me, and i
couldn't see what he was doing.  He turned around and saw me there holding onto
the door frame looking at Him.  He has a lovely body.  i was thinking He might
be 40?  At the most?  i wasn't sure.  His cock was thick and shiny as He fisted
it.  He started coming towards me and i held up my hands to hold Him off.  i
told Him W/we shouldn't be doing this and Andrew would find out and i didn't
want to hurt Him.  He just hushed me like i didn't know what i was saying.  my
robe still hung from my shoulders and Paul took My wrists and turned me around. 
He took the belt of the robe and tied my hands behind me.

He said, "Sweet dominique, Andrew is the One who told Me to come over here...
and to fuck you."

i was just shocked.  i started to cry again and Paul turned me around and
started kissing me.  He was telling me everything would be ok.  That Andrew
wanted me to be happy.  I felt Him pick me up.  But instead of carrying me back
to the bedroom, He carried me the few steps to the overstuffed chair.  I thought
He was going to paddle me again.  But He laid me face down over it and instead
pushed His thick cock back into me! 

i could feel His cock stretching me and He felt all oily and very smooth.  It
felt so good.  i started cursing under my breath again, "fuck, fuck mmm
fffuck..."

Paul was grabbing my ass and then I felt His oiled finger slide into me.  Then
back and forth.  The sensation reminded me of when my Master did it.  i felt
dizzy.  He pushed a thumb into my ass, then it felt like He pushed in the other
thumb and was prising me apart.  All the while He was fucking me into oblivion.
i just let myself go and relaxed with the feelings like my Master had taught me. 
Paul must have been satisfied because He pulled out of my hot and squelching
pussy and thrust hard into my ass.  i screamed!  For a moment i thought i was
torn but the hot pain subsided as He held himself within me, and a burning fire
of delight was lit.  He felt so much thicker than my Master, but thankfully not
quite so long.  But oh my god!  It hurt...  That first thrust knocked the wind
out of me and my scream was delayed a second.  i was squirming, pleading with
Him.  Then i felt Him push the last of Himself into me.  i moaned.   Then i
realised i moaned, and i moaned again!  He slowly slid back and forth about an
inch.  It wasn't burning and Paul was telling me how good and tight i felt.

He was rocking against me gently and the strokes were ever so slowly becoming
longer and longer. His hands were holding me around my waist and He was rocking
me back on Him. Then He started pulling out and i held Him as best I could with
my ass.  He was almost all the way out and i thought maybe He was done when He
slammed His cock back in.  All the air whooshed out of me again.  It was so
incredible.  He did it over and over.  i could hear Him groaning and working for
His cum.  i felt so slutty having a different cock in my ass.  i'd only ever had
one.  God it felt good.  Then i felt His hands reaching around and under me. 
And then His fingers deftly massaged my clit.  i went wild!  Moaning and
thrashing and i came so hard and so long.  my whole body felt like it was having
a seizure or something.  And He kept on fucking me harder and harder and just as
i was about to cum again a gush of heat filled my ass and i exploded!  He held
me tight in His hands while i shuddered uncontrollably and i could hear Him
saying "so good... so good..." over and over...

He told me what a good girl i'd been and that He hoped Andrew would invite Him
over again and He smiled.

"Pack a bag for the weekend for yourself and for Andrew,"  He added. 

Then He dressed and in moments He was gone and i was climbing into the shower...
it was 2 am....  i was exhausted....

_______________________________________________________


I, of course, spent many a moment in My hotel room, pondering how dominique
would cope, and was coping.  It was the very night Paul was going to visit her
that I realised with the time difference, her 'ordeal', if it could be called
that, would have been over.  I wanted to call her, to reassure her everything
was ok, but that would have defeated the purpose of putting her off balance in
the first place.  she had to stew for a bit, and I had a couple of days work
before I flew home.

So instead I called Dean.  I knew He'd still be up...

"Dean buddy, it's Andrew.."

"Hey long time no hear Andrew..."

"Yes it has been a while My friend... and don't forget You owe Me a beer!"

I listened as He laughed to Himself.

"Yeah no problem, next time I see Ya... so how's it going?  Still with that
gorgeous slut of Yours?  What's her name?"

"dominique."

"Yeah dominique... what a beauty, when are you gonna give Me a crack at her
buddy?"

"Jeez mate, You think You could be a bit less keen?  What would gigi say if she
heard You talking like that?"

"Ha ha ok now that was funny..."

"I've still got it My friend!"

"Alright, alright... Hey You know Y/you are welcome up here anytime this summer
Bud..."

"Yeah well that's what I was calling about... W/we might just take You up on
that standing invite..."

"You know You are always welcome Andrew, but do You think dominique will be up
for it?"

"Yeah... that's the plan..."

_______________________________________________________


Two days later Andrew came home.

i was so scared. i still didn't know whether the whole thing was a trick of
Paul's, or if Andrew had really arranged it all.  i had thought a lot about what
had happened.  i could remember Andrew talking about Paul in a sexual way, but i
thought He was kidding.  i didn't know what to think, and i hadn't heard from
either of them since. 

i was approaching frantic in the emotional stability stakes. 

On the day of His expected return, Andrew called me at work. He told me to go
straight home after work and give the playroom a "once over".  He also told me
to prepare various toys, restraints and oils for His pleasure.  i tried to say
something about what happened but nothing would come out of my mouth.  i was
still so ashamed.  i decided to tell Him first thing after seeing Him.  i was
going to beg His forgiveness and endure whatever punishment He graciously chose. 
i had been so weak in my resistance of Paul.  God the clock moved slowly that
day...

Finally i was ready for Him and i knelt in the living room oiled from head to
toe and blindfolded.  Everything was laid out as He wanted it.  i waited and
waited silently on my knees on the soft carpet.  It seemed like hours.  Finally
i heard the door open and i could smell His aftershave.  But He didn't say
anything.  i could hear Him moving around and heard Him picking up some of the
things i put out.  my heart was beating so hard.  And i was suddenly very
aroused, i was so wet and throbbing and my nipples were rock hard.

Then i felt Him in front of me.  i started to speak, to explain.  He told me to
open my mouth, and not say a word. And to put my hands behind my back and keep
them there.  i did as He said and He slowly pushed His hard cock into my mouth. 
i love to suck Him but this was different. 

He was angry.  

He grabbed my hair on either side of my head and fucked my mouth hard.  i could
barely keep up.  And it was so hard to balance.  Andrew kept talking to me all
the time as He thrust in and out until He was hitting the back of my throat.  

"Suck it you cocksucking slut... Move your fucking tongue..."

i have never been able to take Him down my throat because He is so long.  i was
so scared.  He was really thrusting hard and making me gag.  He said He just
wanted to see a cock bulging in my throat.  i was trembling and crying because i
knew He was angry and had found out. 

Then a voice said,"maybe she'll like Mine".

It was Paul! 

i froze.

Andrew pulled His cock out of my mouth. 

i started pleading with Him. 

He told me to shut up and open my mouth.  Paul's hard cock suddenly filled it.

In moments i was sucking it and He drove it all the way to the back of my
throat.  They talked to each other about my mouth and how it felt... it was like
I wasn't there.  

"Swallow Him down My little cocksucker... make Me proud of you."

And somehow i did.  i swallowed Paul's thick cock.  i felt at least two inches
in my throat.  Andrew came up behind Me and put His hands gently around my
throat.  They were talking to each other but i was in Disneyland.  i felt like i
was about to pass out when Paul suddenly came down my throat.  i could feel the
heat of His warm cum.  i was running out of air and was dizzy.  And sobbing. 
Then suddenly i could breathe again as Paul withdrew.  Andrew came round to my
front and picked me up by my waist and led me over to a large leather chair.

He sat down and pulled me onto His lap and impaled me on His cock.  i felt so
full.  i needed to cum so bad.  And i needed to make Him happy.  i could feel
His fingers digging into my hips holding me still.  He whispered in my ear with
a growl in His voice.

"Paul told Me you lied to Him, resisted Him, told Him no, and told Him to stop. 
Is this true dominique?"

"Yes Sir, it is true," i gasped, "i resisted Him at first but i couldn't stop
Him."

He told me Paul was checking on me at His request and would be doing so in the
future. He told me any time Paul felt like i needed fucking or i needed
discipline that He was allowed anything.  i was trying so hard not to cum. 
Andrew said that I was not allowed to fuck just A/anyone who came into O/our
house, but certain people would be allowed use of my body and that i was NEVER
to resist T/them.  He growled at me and made sure i understood.   Then He
started fucking me very hard.  When W/we had both cum, i sat in His lap, still
blindfolded, and He questioned me on everything Paul and i did.  Everything. 
What i had liked, how it felt, whether it had hurt.  All while Paul was still
standing there.  i was getting aroused all over again.

i felt Paul come up behind me and He started pinching my nipples and rolling
them in His fingers just like i like it.  He must have got the nod from Andrew
because i felt myself being lifted from Andrew's lap and carried into the
bedroom.  The whole time He was telling me how much He loved fucking me.  Paul
bent me over and spread oil all over my ass and into my asshole with His
fingers.  He didn't waste time sliding into me.  The pain was much less this
time.  i was moaning loudly and in a few thrusts He was buried.  He took hold of
my breasts and pulled me into a standing position and continued fucking my ass
slowly.  He told me to lace my fingers behind His neck and put one foot on the
bed for balance.  As i did i felt Andrew's warm wet mouth take a nipple and suck
it inside.  Then the other.  Then back again.  Then sucking and biting.  i was
starting to go insane again.  His fingers found my clit, rubbing it and
squeezing it hard.  i saw stars.  i had already started cumming as He stood up
and slid His cock into my wet, aching and convulsing pussy.  i'd never had two
cocks inside me before.  i thought i was being split in two and was calling both
Their names.

They were thrusting together, lifting me off the ground, rocking me back and
forth.  Then there was an explosion that started in my abdomen and spread out
like fingernails scraping over my skin.  i started to shake and shudder and
heard myself screaming from far away.  A red curtain dropped itself over my eyes
and i was consumed by darkness. 

i woke up a little later with a Man on either side of me, welcoming me back and
caressing my body.  Stroking and licking and kissing me.  God i was so sore but
so thoroughly satisfied.  Then They rolled me over and massaged me from head to
toe.  It was heavenly.  Andrew told me a bath had been run for me and to go get
in it and He would wash me.  i guess He saw Paul out.  When He returned He
washed me softly all over, telling me how much He loved me, and to never be
ashamed of my desires, or of His.  And to remember what He said about sharing my
body with those He chose.  i was bold and asked if He would please be a bit more
explicit next time.  Who and when etc.  He said He would think about it.

i feel quite afraid about these O/others.   my so called instincts tell me it's
wrong.  Then i wonder why, when it pleases my Master and i get pleasure too. 
But to give myself to a complete stranger... it's very scary.  Perhaps Andrew is
thinking ahead or something.  Maybe He is thinking i am too comfortable and i am
taking Him for granted.  i don't think i am.  Maybe i just think too much.  Then
i remember it's not me giving myself to someone, it's Andrew.  i feel a bit
better thinking about it like that.  In any case, i am on tenterhooks wondering
what Andrew has planned for the weekend.  While washing me all over He told me
to pack a bag full of goodies and that W/we were going to leave for Dean's cabin
first thing in the morning, to spend the weekend. 

i'm sure i fell asleep smiling with my Master's arms wrapped tightly around me. 
i couldn't stay awake even though He was caressing me softly and talking in my
ear about how happy He was to be home and how good i had been.  i was dozing off
when He said something about the weekend being a hard one for me. That it was
time to be good for Him or something. His words hadn't really registered, and i
didn't remember He had said them until much later...




Chapter 05

It's funny.  When i think back to how i was feeling then, i wasn't even thinking
about the weekend.  my thoughts were on the previous evening.  i'd laid in bed
the next morning, replaying it in my mind.  i was getting horny just thinking
about it.  Two cocks.  God.  i was still sore, but not so sore i couldn't touch
myself.

But i'm not allowed to masturbate in my Master's presence, not without His
permission.  And He was asleep.  i smiled as i wondered if rubbing my nipples
against the silk sheet covering U/us was considered to be masturbation.  i felt
so sexy and well used.  Like i said, i felt a bit sore and i wanted to check. 
When i touched myself, all i felt was hot, wet slickness.  i quickly put my
fingers in my mouth and cleaned them in case my Master smelt me on them.  mmmmm
my Master... He can put out my fire.

i looked at the alarm clock.  It was due to go off in fifteen minutes anyway.  i
looked across at Him and watched Him breathe.  He has such a nice broad back.  i
snuggled up behind Him and slid my hand lightly and slowly down His side and
over His hip.  He didn't even stir.  i kissed His back as my hand went lower
down over His muscular thigh then with my fingernails i very lightly came slowly
back up.  i wanted Him awake but i didn't want to wake Him unpleasantly. 

i gently made little licking motions on His back.  i curled my hand around His
hip and massaged gently quite close to His crotch.  He stirred at that moment. 
i slid back a bit as He turned and lay on His back and i gasped quietly.  When
He turned He brought my hand, palm down against His lower abdomen, between His
belly and His cock.  It was hard and hot against the back of my hand.  mmmm i
smiled.  But Sir was still not awake. 

In my position, laying on my side facing Him, my thighs rubbed together
deliciously.  my hands were beginning to tremble with need.  i caressed His cock
with the back of my fingers as i softly rubbed His lower tummy.  i slid my hand
back a little, out from under His cock and lifted it and moved it back, placing
it right on it.  i hesitated a moment, enjoying the feel of His hardness in my
palm.  When He still didn't stir, i very slowly curled my fingers around it and
gave it a squeeze.  He moaned softly and i trembled some more.  my skin was
tingling and i felt like such a naughty girl.  i wished He would just wake up
and fuck Me!  With a light touch my curled fingers traveled the length of His
cock, from base to tip and back again.  He groaned a little.  He was waking up!

"mmmm dominique... that's lovely," He slurred, yawning and stretching His arms
over His head.

"Good morning Sir, i hope you slept well." i beamed at Him and squeezed His cock
gently again.

"Very well thankyou pet," He said as He rolled to face me, "yourself?"

"Like a baby Sir," i smiled and squeezed His cock again.  God i wished He would
cover me with kisses and fuck me hard.

"Good...  Sore?" He smiled at me.

"Only a little bit Sir, more horny than anything," i confessed.

"Slut," He grinned.

"Yes Sir!" i grinned back and squeezed Him again.

At that moment the alarm went off.  my Master rolled over and threw His legs
over the side of the bed. He sat up facing away from me and reached for His
watch from the bedside table and put it on. 

"C'mon dominique, playtime is later."

"Oh, but Sirrr..."

He turned on me at once and repeated.

 " 'LATER' I said.  Now get your slutty ass out of bed and make U/us some
coffee. W/we have a big day ahead."  With that He rose and went into O/our
walk-in wardrobe, His long cock bobbing in front of Him, pointing the way.  i
reached down and touched myself again, just a quick furtive rub to feel nice. 

"And *don't* get any ideas pet."  Oohhhh... i pouted to myself.

i found myself in the kitchen pouring the coffee and feeling sorry for myself. 
i remembered His words from the night before in the bath after everything that
happened.  "Never be ashamed of your desires, or of Mine."  Maybe Andrew was
just keeping me on my toes.  Then i realised maybe He just wanted me horny.  i
grinned to myself and felt a bit wicked.  i was horny alright!  When He came
down to the kitchen He sat down, leaned back and sipped at His coffee, looking
at me.  i smiled at Him and ran the fingers of both hands through my hair,
fluffing it out a bit.

"Take your coffee with you and go get changed pet.  Time's a-wasting."

"Yes Sir. Anything You'd like me to wear Sir?"

"T-shirt, not too tight, shorts and sandals. No underwear please pet."

"Yes Sir."  And off i trotted.  No nooky before W/we left. When i came back
downstairs Andrew had packed the van and W/we were ready to go.  i grabbed my
handbag with some lip gloss and odds and ends and W/we were off.

The drive up was strange.  Master parried any questions i had about the weekend. 
He said it was a surprise.  He said i should be ready for anything, at any time. 
That's all He said, but it got my juices stirred up.  A lot of the time W/we
drove in silence.  i wondered a couple of times if i was in trouble somehow. 
But i dismissed the thought thinking i had been good.  i think i dozed off a
couple of times too.

W/we arrived at Dean's cabin about noon.  The place was very secluded, with a
lake that came up almost to the back of the cabin. There was also a boat dock,
but no boat.  Very very nice place.  It looked like it would be a nice relaxing
weekend, getting some sun, swimming, drinking and hanging out...

Boy was i wrong.

Dean and gigi rushed out to meet U/us.  W/we unloaded the van and put everything
away.  It was a beautiful day.  i had no idea what to expect, but i felt good.
What i mean is, i know Dean and gigi can be pretty wild.  Or so Master had told
me.

gigi asked me if I wanted to go for a swim. Did i ever!  The water looked
lovely.  Andrew said it was ok.  While we were splashing around gigi asked me if
Andrew had said anything about the weekend and i told her no.  she smiled at
this and kissed me on the cheek and then took my hand and led me out of the
water towards the Guys.

They were sitting on the back deck drinking beer. They got quiet as we
approached.

Andrew put up His hand to stop me getting closer and I halted in my tracks and
dropped my hand from gigi's.

He said, "Be a good girl and take your bathing suit off so W/we can A/all see
that luscious body of yours." i was kind of embarrassed, but i just did it! i
posed with my hands on my hips, feet apart a little how He likes it.  Then he
told me to come kneel quietly on the floor next to Him.  Dean told gigi to
undress, which she did very slowly.  i looked up and saw both Dean's and
Andrew's eyes glued to gigi.   i smiled.  gigi and i got on quite well and i was
pleased to see her... and even more pleased to see her naked... she has a very
nice body, very muscular, very lean. i was getting horny all over again, and i
too could hardly take my eyes off her.

she finished her slow strip looking right at me!  she was grinning and i was
feeling very nervous, my stomach fluttering madly. she approached Dean, and then
dropped down to her knees and began undressing Him using just her mouth.

i don't know how she did this so easily... lots of practice no doubt!  But in no
time His shirt was open and His pants were on the ground and His cock was at
attention. i turned to Andrew and saw that He was very excited by all this too.
But i wasn't sure what to do. Whether He wanted me to follow suit or what... 
But i remembered He said just to kneel there.  So that's what i did.

i figured it was a test or a game. i watched gigi engulf Dean's hard cock with
her mouth. And i could tell by Dean's expression He was enjoying it immensely. 
i so very much wanted to do the same for Andrew, even just to show off a bit,
but He made no move to have me do it.  He just kept staring at gigi and Dean and
rubbing His cock through His pants. That was when i realized how hot i had
become watching all this. If only Andrew would look at me He would know how much
i wanted His cock in my mouth...

Then Dean said "stop" and gigi did as fast as that. she bowed her head to Dean's
feet and asked if she had displeased Him.  He said no, but told her she was
neglecting His guest and that she was to correct this oversight immediately. 
gigi turned on hands and knees and moved to Andrew.  she didn't even look at me. 
she began to undress Andrew using only her mouth and teeth just like with Dean
until Andrew too was mostly undressed.  Andrew's beautiful cock was so hard, i
wanted it so bad, my pussy was wet and aching for it.

gigi took it in her mouth and started sucking it.  i suddenly became sooo
jealous.  i don't think i was ever this jealous before.  But i just sat there. 
i couldn't move as i watched her pleasing Andrew and looking up into His eyes. 
And each moan from Him made it that much harder.

And then Dean came up behind her and for an instant i thought He was coming for
me, but He began telling gigi what a good girl she was and lifted her by the
hips to hands and knees.  He slid His nice big stiff cock into her pussy and
began fucking her hard.  He was fucking her so hard He was pulling her off the
ground by the hips while her mouth clung to Andrew's cock.  And Andrew had His
hands wrapped in her hair telling her what a beautiful mouth she had as His cock
slipped into her throat.  i could see it bulging there in her throat as it slid
in and out.  i was so mad i started to cry, but i didn't make a sound just tears
staining my face as i gritted my teeth.  T/they were so close to me, i could
have touched T/them.  i could smell the sex coming off of T/them...  it made me
so wet... what was happening to me?

Finally Andrew moaned He was about to cum.  Dean started slapping gigi on the
ass so hard i could see prints of His hands, and He told her to cum as He fucked
her even harder.

i think they all came about the same time there on the porch. Then Dean pulled
out of her, picked her up and threw her over His shoulder.  And the three of
T/them went inside, leaving me still kneeling on the porch. T/they didn't even
look at me. Not even Andrew! Just like i wasn't even there!  i was in such
discomfort and needed to touch myself so bad.

i just knelt there with tears streaming down my face.  And N/no-one had done
anything to me.  i was sooo jealous.  i could hear T/them inside.  i could hear
gigi moaning and Them calling her a slut.

i knelt there until almost sunset, at least three hours! And i was being eaten
alive by mosquitoes!  Listening to T/them moaning and groaning.  gigi got
spanked hard, i also heard the sound of leather on flesh... it does make a very
distinctive sound.

Finally the door opened and Andrew came out dressed.  He didn't say a word just
grabbed my arm and pulled me to my feet and led me to O/our room. He told me to
get dressed and ready for dinner, which T/they had started preparing.  i was
completely distraught.  He left me there without saying anything else, not
kissing me, not touching me.  i was so numb i didn't think i could have shed any
more tears.

i figured i had done something wrong,  as if i had failed whatever test i hadn't
realised i was taking.  i came into the kitchen where gigi was cooking and asked
if i could help.  she said "of course" and gave me the job of chopping
vegetables, very brave of her giving me a knife!  There was so much stew, i
thought maybe there would be other Guests for dinner but there wasn't...

W/we had dinner... the three of T/them chatted up a storm.  i smiled and nodded
my head at all the appropriate places in the conversation.  Then when dinner was
finished gigi got up and took Andrew's hand and led Him to her and Dean's
bedroom.  i felt my jaw clench and i knew my emotions were all over my face. 
Dean got up and asked me if i could help Him with the dishes.

i said,  "Yes Sir, sure." 

Before long the dishes were done.  Dean took my hand and led me to Andrew's and
my room and i thought...... but He turned to me, kissed me on the forehead and
said goodnight, then went to His room and shut the door.  i could hear what was
going on in there and i was so upset being shutout like that.  i went to bed
crying, trying to think if i had done anything wrong or if this nightmare of a
test was ever going to end.

Sometime during the night i figured it was a test of my self-control, and i
figured i was overreacting to the fact that i was being left out.  And i tried
to understand why i was being left out.  i was confused and upset, humiliated
even.  And i was horny!  God so horny. 

i really wanted to break the "no masturbating" rule.  i came so close to doing
it. But i was good.  i so so SO badly needed S/someone to touch me.  i fell
asleep realizing that my emotions were so easy to read, and that i wasn't
supposed to be jealous if Andrew found pleasure with another woman.   i also
realized i was jealous of all the attention gigi was getting.   i was determined
not to let it get to me the next day...

The next morning when i awoke Andrew was still not in my bed.  i knew He usually
loved to make love in the morning, all that rushing testosterone...  i got up
and could hear the three of T/them at it again.   i choked down a small sob.... 
more a sigh than anything... and decided to make breakfast. i make a damn fine
pancake i'll have you know.  i made the works:  pancakes, bacon, sausages, eggs,
coffee, juice.....i felt my arteries choking with cholesterol just looking at
the table...

T/they came out in various states of undress and sat down.  i served each O/one
before i served myself.   i was cheerful asking how T/they slept.   i was so
cheerful it hurt.   After breakfast i washed the dishes and put everything
away....  i tried to ignore T/them.

And apart from praising breakfast and how good it was.... which to be honest
left me all glowing inside... T/they were still ignoring me. T/they got their
suits on and went out to go for a swim.  T/they didn't even ask me if i wanted
to come... i did get this odd look from Andrew. i just glimpsed it from the
corner of my eye and when i turned to look at Him He looked away. i couldn't
really read it.  i pretended i didn't see it anyway.

i watched T/them swimming from the kitchen windows. The Guys were all over gigi,
or gigi was all over Them.  T/they floated for awhile till about noonish.  By
that time i had a nice lunch prepared and cold drinks all ready for T/them.

It was hard still hard being cheerful but i endeavored to try.  i again served
each of T/them before i sat down.  T/they were all praising how good the
sandwiches were, and how good and cold the lemonade was.  i thought something
might have changed and i was somehow winning favor.  But Andrew still never
spoke directly to me, and barely looked at me.  So i made small talk, asking
T/them about their swim and how the water was.  i asked Andrew if I could go for
a swim, and He said of course.

After putting away the dishes i headed toward the bedroom to change into my
swimsuit.  Andrew, gigi and Dean had adjourned to the living area and were
sitting on the sofa with gigi sandwiched between the two of Them.  They each had
a breast in Their mouths and a hand between her legs.  Somewhere along the way i
forgot my plan and started getting angry and frustrated again.  i barely looked
at T/them and walked into the bedroom to change into my swimsuit.

i was completely undressed and about to put my suit on when the door opened.  It
was Dean.  i stood there naked and waiting, my heart in my mouth.  He walked in
and shut the door behind Him.  For some reason i couldn't bring myself to look
into His eyes, i stood there looking at the floor waiting.  i was seething and
confused for so many reasons.

He came to me and lifted my chin to make me look into His eyes.  He said, "Is
something wrong? you seem upset."  i merely shook my head.  i was afraid of the
tremble i could feel in my throat.  Afraid i would say the wrong thing.  He
kissed me on the mouth and pulled me to Him.  But i wasn't in the mood to be
played with and tried to pull away.  He held on tight grabbing my wrists and
twisting them behind me.

He whispered in my ear...  "you're mad Andrew is finding pleasure in another
woman...  you're jealous, angry, frustrated His cock is in her mouth and not
yours...  wondering what you've done wrong...  how close am I?"  i tried to stop
shaking and tried very hard not to cry as His hands gripped my wrists even
tighter.

He said, "you should be pleased He finds pleasure in gigi."  i didn't say
anything.  i didn't know what to say.  He asked me if i thought Andrew had been
upset when Paul fucked me while He was away.   i knew He was right, and meekly
answered "no, Sir".   Dean smiled and then said that He thought Andrew was being
much too gentle with me.

He looked into my face and said "your place is to serve Andrew and to bring
pleasure to Him in every act or action. Whether it is in pleasing Him directly,
or pleasing Him by pleasing S/someone else, at His direction.  you are to find
pleasure yourself in doing as He bids you.  Seeing Him receive pleasure from
another should also please you, as it is *His* pleasure that is your focus, not
yours."

God i couldn't stop with the damned tears again.  Deans eyes narrowed as He
looked deeply into mine. "Why are you crying dominique?"

my fists clenched in anger and frustration, my belly tightened and my face
burned hotly. Before i knew it i committed a cardinal sin.

i sobbed as i raised my voice, almost shouting at Him!

"You actually think i need a FUCKING REASON???" 

Well, Dean just stood there looking at me.  Daggers.  His eyes were like daggers
that passed right through me.  The venom in my own words frightened me, but not
as much as the look on Dean's face. 

"Please... Dean... please... i'm sorry..."

And with that He turned me around and i shrieked as He tossed me on the bed face
down. He grabbed my wrists and bound them together with rope. He pulled them up
above my back, tying them off in a ring over the bed, effectively pressing my
face into the bed.

i turned my head and looked at Him as He was taking one foot and tying it to the
bed post.  i was feeling strange, almost elated.  i mean i felt sick to my 
stomach with my outburst.  i wanted to say i was frustrated beyond my endurance,
but it would not have been true. i just wanted some attention.  That was all.  i
don't LIKE being ignored.  It's not nice.  And... ohh... what am i saying....

Dean pulled the other foot to the other bedpost and tied it, spreading my legs
wide apart.

"Please Sir... i'm sorry... Dean please..."

"dominique... you may not speak."

i nodded and closed my eyes, composing myself.

i had never been whipped with a belt before.  Dean withdrew His thick black
leather belt from His jeans and wound the buckle into His hand.  i started to
tremble when i opened my eyes and saw the look in His.  It wasn't anger.  It
wasn't hatred.  It was disgust. 

Then there was nothing. i turned my head to look at Dean and saw Him facing the
doorway.  i strained around to see in the corner of my eye... Andrew!

"Well?" Dean asked, looking at my Master.

"Start now... I'll tell You when to stop," He replied.

Twice Dean whipped the belt through the air beside the bed. i couldn't believe
He planned to hit me that hard.

"Wait," said Andrew.  Then He strode into the room and sat down on the bed next
to my head, pulling my head into His hip and stroking my hair.  "Ok, now."

For ten minutes Dean lashed across my ass, up my back, and down my thighs.  Then
He stopped.  i was sobbing again now but in pain and exhaustion.  my shoulders
ached terribly, my ass was on fire, and my thighs were quivering.  Andrew kept
stroking my hair while i felt Dean's hand touch my ass and i moaned.  His hand
slipped to my pussy and must have come back soaking with my juices.  He wiped
His hand across my thigh.  i heard myself whispering, begging, pleading with Him
to please touch me again.  He pushed His fingers back into me and i came with
such a rush i passed out.

It was dark in the room when i awoke to the feeling of big warm hands untying me
and placing my arms out straight and my legs together.  my shoulders ached and i
wanted to stretch but i heard a voice in the darkness say "Don't move."  i felt
the tails of a flogger lightly being dragged up and down my welted back.

The deep voice was not one i recognized, but i didn't have much of a chance to
ponder that. The flogger whipped through the air, back and forth, back and
forth, not quite touching me but whipping the air next to my skin.  Then it
started to just clip me on each pass. His pace was rhythmic and leisurely. 
Whap.. whap... whap... whap... Up and down my back and thighs, up and back, up
and back.  It was just right.  It hurt but only a little.  It was amazing He had
such accuracy in the darkness.  After the belt it was almost soothing.  i could
feel my lust returning.  It must have been about five minutes later when He
stopped and picked me up in those large warm hands.  He carried me into the
dining room and laid me on the table.

It was so bright after the darkness of my bedroom, i had my hands up covering my
eyes.  The man was not someone i knew.  He was at least six feet six inches tall
and He was the Blackest Man i had ever seen.  Andrew and Dean spread me out and
tied my wrists and ankles to the table legs.  i was face up.

i didn't know what was happening. They all seemed to be waiting for something to
happen. Andrew said "I see you have met Miles."

i nodded my assent and smiled at Miles.

At that moment gigi entered carrying a large bowl of something steaming towards
the table.  she was smiling at me and looking around at the Others as she walked
right up to me. Andrew nodded. i couldn't see what was in the bowl until she
poured some of  it all over my breasts.  Hot gravy!  It was very hot, running
over my breasts and down my stomach.  i writhed and moaned at the same time.  It
was hot and though it *felt* like it burned at first, it didn't.  Dean and
Andrew's mouths were on my flesh licking it off.  Miles was licking my pussy
even though there was no gravy there.  i was squirming on the table from their
mouths and moaning with the pain in my back and ass against the hard table.

gigi served Them meat on me which she had cut into bite sizes.  Then vegetables,
carrots, mashed potatoes and more gravy.  i was just a big moving, moaning
plate. It was erotic and stimulating and humiliating at the same time.  But they
wouldn't let me cum.

When They were through, Dean picked up the bowl and poured more gravy on me.
Andrew told gigi to "go ahead."  gigi began licking and sucking the food from my
skin.  she started at my breasts and licked every inch of them, then sucked my
nipples till they ached so much.  i was in such need of being fucked or
something.  gigi kept brushing her fingers against my clit, as she worked her
way down my body, cleaning and licking me.  i had never thought i would be in
this position with another woman touching me, i just hadn't thought of it.  i
wanted to protest but all that came out of my mouth was moans and i was begging
her not to stop. 

she seemed to know how bad a state i was in, and knelt on the floor with her
face between my legs and her hands scratching her nails up and down my thighs. 
Andrew told me to "beg her," and i did straight away, begging and pleading her
to "tongue my cunt, suck my clit, oh God please do it!"  i was so hot.   my back
arched and i came as soon as her tongue touched my clit!  But she didn't stop
and soon i was going up again.  she was tonguing me deep and the Men were
pouring more hot gravy over me and licking it off and sucking my nipples.  Then
gigi began sucking on me.  Oh, it felt sooo good.  i just came and came and
came.

At some point i think Someone said gigi was paying too much attention to me
because Miles came up behind her and pulled her back from me. Then He began
fucking her.  she still had her hands on my thighs and was looking up at me from
between my legs.

i looked up at Andrew and He looked at Dean and nodded His head.  They untied me
and roughly turned me over and poured more gravy on me.  i figured yummy it's
the second course.  But then Miles called out "simone!" and a beautiful black
woman appeared from the corner of the room.  i hadn't even noticed her there.

she approached me slowly and of course as she got closer it was harder to look
in her eyes. she pulled my head up by the hair and slapped my face. i screamed
and looked at Andrew standing there watching. i guess everyone was watching
because it was very quiet. And i could feel the heat of my skin. And the muscles
tightening in my gut and pussy. And i felt totally humiliated as she slapped my
face again then pulled my mouth to her pussy.

"Eat my cunt," she said matter-of-factly.

i hesitated and she slapped my face again! my neck was stretched back and i was
trembling as i reached out with my tongue and she screamed at me "Eat my cunt
you prissy little bitch!"

i pushed my tongue under her. i  pressed my nose into her wetness and slid my
tongue from her opening right up to her clit.  she mewed and shivered as my
tongue swirled around her little hardness and i flicked across it.  i could feel
my own cum building.  simone was slapping my face much more softly now and
telling me to bite her here and there.  To push my tongue right up inside her or
to suck her clit...  Miles asked simone how i was doing and she replied, 
"Better Sir... mmm... much better..."

What a way to eat my first pussy.  i was so desperately hot.   Then i felt a big
vibrator being pushed into my pussy.  i started to writhe around in the ropes
and then my ass was being spanked!

This tall black submissive woman was mashing my mouth into her pussy and humping
my face while looking down at me, tears were coursing down my cheeks from the
pain or the joy i don't know which.  i had a huge vibrator buzzing in my
stretched cunt and four hands were spanking my ass.  Then i felt a well-lubed
cock being pushed into my ass and gigi's voice saying "jeez that looks SO good." 
i turned my head each way a little and saw Andrew and Dean each spanking my ass
and laughing.  That meant Miles was fucking my ass.  my toes started to curl as
i tried to hold back my cum.  i felt strange as my cum welled up in the back of
my pussy and spread with numbing tingles through my loins.    For some reason i
didn't feel like i deserved to cum.  But my body didn't care!  i heard Andrew
say "watch My gorgeous slut cum Fellas!"  And gosh did i ever!

i lay there totally exhausted.  Weeping in humiliation and joy and defeat. 
Andrew untied me and took me in His arms and to the shower.  He washed me all
over.  The whole time i was trying to hold back more tears.  i was asking Him to
please forgive me for being angry and upset and jealous about gigi and that He
could have anyone He wanted and i wouldn't mind - to please forgive me for my
foolish pride and my arrogant need to be the centre of attention - to please
forgive me for taking Him for granted and that i never ever would ever again...
Then i begged Him to please touch me... to please tell me He wanted to keep
me...

With that He took me in His arms and told me how good i was for enduring this
lesson and that everything would be alright. He led me to the bedroom and put me
to bed. He kissed me. His hands were all over my skin. It felt sooo good. i
didn't want Him to stop. But He did. He left me there in bed by myself.  i fell
asleep before He came back. He slept with me that night.

On Sunday morning i awoke to muffled screams.  Andrew sat up in bed and said,
"Come on, W/we're missing it!".

It was still early, the sun was just coming up.  i quietly got up and pulled my
robe around me, tip-toeing behind Andrew.  i could hear heavy breathing and
muffled moans.  People muttering, talking.  i couldn't make out what was being
said as i stood beside Andrew just inside Dean and gigi's doorway.  The room was
lit by candle light. There were four figures on the bed. There was enough light
to see what was happening.  gigi lay on her back with Dean on one side and
simone on the other.  They were holding her legs apart at the knees...  holding
her knees up and wide apart.

Miles was between her legs pushing His huge hand into her pussy. Not just His
fingers, His whole hand! gigi was in such a state. Tears were flowing down her
cheeks. Dean and simone were each sucking and biting her breasts rather harshly
from what i could see. i was actually fixing to go in and stop T/them when gigi
let out such a moan.

she started begging T/them not to stop. Miles began pumping His whole hand in
and out of gigi. she appeared to be on the edge of agony and ecstasy. The look
on her face was....primal.  Right then Dean looked straight at me. And i just
froze. But He smiled and went back to sucking and biting gigi's body.

Part of me couldn't look away.  i had never seen or heard of what i was seeing.
Miles' hands were huge, how could He have possibly gotten one into gigi? i soon
realized my own breathing was becoming ragged and i was wet.  Again.

But i wasn't invited in so i just kept on watching. i was so horny it was
unbearable.  i tried to look away but Andrew took a fist of my hair and made me
watch.  i closed my eyes but i couldn't get the image of gigi with Miles' fist
in her pussy out of my head. i started rubbing my pussy watching them.  i was
glad Andrew didn't stop me.  i was getting hotter and hotter all over again.
Keeping hold of my hair and making me watch, Andrew bent me over and started
giving me medium hard spanks on my ass.  He told me to pull up the back of my
robe and i did.   i was spanked over and over for ten minutes until gigi came
screaming.

Then Andrew hugged me and led me back to O/our bedroom.  He made gentle and
passionate love to me through two mighty orgasms.  i couldn't believe how hot it
made me, makes me, watching and being watched, being spanked, god, everything!. 
Being told what to do, even being deprived makes me hot.  i thought about all
these things as i lay awake with Andrew sleeping soundly beside me.

And then it dawned on me...  i shouldn't expect to be fucked or even touched
unless it was what HE wanted.  That's all!  It's Him...  *He* is what matters to
me...  i'm just along for the ride...  god what a ride!

So i finally fell asleep again realizing that i wasn't the centre of attention
and i couldn't and shouldn't be jealous if Andrew wanted to please Himself with
someone else, because i knew He loved me.  He would never have put me through
all this if He didn't love me.

When i woke up it was mid-morning, and simone was there next to me, staring down
at me from a propped up elbow. she smiled and kissed me on the mouth and pulled
me to her. i could feel her warm soft breasts and erect nipples pressing into my
skin.  When she let me go i noticed Andrew leaning on the door frame naked and
staring at us, smiling.  His cock was hard and erect too.  simone got out of bed
and literally dragged me with her.

i wanted to tell Andrew what i had figured out but simone just pushed me to my
knees and i stared up at my Man lovingly as she pushed my head onto His cock.  i
realised it didn't matter what i had figured out.  What mattered was my Master's
throbbing cock was going down my throat and i wanted it to!   i wanted to hear
him moan in delight.  i heard simone say "i thought You said she couldn't take
it all..."

my Master replied, "she can take a lot more than I thought she could..."

And my heart soared.  i could still please Him.  i wanted to shout that i could
take anything He would give me.  i'd take it willingly!  i'd take it and i'd
relish it, every moment, every word, every touch.  Every chance i had. 
Everything around me faded away.  All that existed was the look of pleasure on
my Master's face.  i wanted it to be there always when He looked at me.  No
matter what He was doing.  No matter who with.  No matter what He asked of me. 
If i could have that look, whenever He looked at me, i vowed to myself i would
be satisfied.  And i did feel satisfied.  No...  *more* than just that...  i
felt wonderful!

i felt more His than i ever had.  Yes, O/our lives together had taken an amazing
turn. And i did wonder what could possibly happen to me next.  But i wasn't
afraid.  i was happy.  Truly happy.  Not overwhelmed.  At peace.  And He knew
it.  He stroked my hair and groaned out His love for me and emptied Himself into
my adoring mouth.  He drew me to my feet and into His arms.  i buried my face in
His neck and He picked me up and took me back to O/our bed.  i felt like i was
high on something. 

The rest of the morning flew by.  W/we all ate together.  W/we all talked and
laughed and i can't even remember what about. 




Chapter 06

It was a typical Sunday morning.   my Master had taken a trip to the local
bakery for some Danish pastries to have with O/our coffee.  i had a few minutes
to myself and was lying in bed thinking...

i was thinking about 'marks';  about the significance of being 'marked', and
about how it affects me when i see and feel them on myself.  And i don't mean
being beaten black and blue with bruises...  i mean just a few, here and there,
strategically placed.   Sometimes i can feel them through my clothes.  It
actually affects me, being able to feel them without touching them,  knowing
they are there with me. Being marked somehow helps me feel owned, and serves as
a reminder of my submission to Andrew.

Andrew has asked me, "Do you consider yourself My slave or My submissive, pet?"

i have always answered, "Your submissive Sir,"  without really thinking.

i wonder if i am a slave?  Does the slave, or the submissive, enjoy feeling the
marks of her Master, long after the act, or can both enjoy the result of a
vigorous play session?  Does the difference between the two come down to a
matter of consensuality?  Is a submissive more agreeable than a slave?  Andrew
told me that a slave was one who puts his or her entire being at their Master's
or Mistress' disposal, without limit, and nothing less would satisfy him or her. 
He also told me that a submissive was one who, by a choice that may be revoked,
relinquishes a limited amount of power over themselves; and with this, he or she
is satisfied. 

i wondered about that for a while...  then i wondered why Andrew wanted me to
think about it....   did i not satisfy Him?  Is there more of myself i can give
Him?  Is that what He wants?   And... what exactly is it that satisfies me?

All these thoughts wandered through my mind as my fingers wandered over my skin. 
i felt the welts and wondered if i had bruised very much.  i was a bit sore, but
not too bad.  More just uncomfortable,  and a bit bumpy.  Andrew had cropped me
very hard last night.  Particularly on my ass and the upper part of the back of
my thighs.  i hadn't been naughty.  He was doing it because sometimes He likes
to.  i like it too...

i looked across at my full length mirror.  i decided to take a look.  i slid out
of bed, winced, and walked over to the mirror.  i turned around and looked over
my shoulder and put my hands on my hips.  i grimaced a little at what i saw.  i
do bruise fairly easily.  my ass and the back of my thighs were dotted with
blotches of slightly raised red marks.  Here and there were thin short lines of
darker bruising.  i thought they might take a day or so to go away.  i ran my
cupped hands tentatively over my ass and visions of last night came flooding
back...

i was kneeling on O/our bed with my head down and my ass up.  Andrew wanted my
forehead resting on the bed.  my knees were spread very widely and my wrists
were cuffed behind my back.  i was naked except for my collar.  He told me he
wanted me prepared before He fucked me.  Just like that.

"I want your ass nice and red before I fuck you pet.  Curve your back like
that...  yes... Lovely."

i think He also said something about it pleasing Him to do it.  When He started
with His crop it was so gentle.  He really took  His time and found His rhythm.
It just made me squirm.  i couldn't help it.  i moaned and groaned.  i blush
just thinking about some of the words i used.

mmm... Being struck.  Not violently of course, but when it's done in a manner
that is designed for pleasure, it excites me.  It's sooo... what are the
words... it's almost humiliation but it's not that.  It's an incredibly gentle
and erotic humiliation. To be on the end of what is essentially a stick.  Being
beaten like an animal.  And yet so sensuously...  the feelings just build and
build.  And it reinforces my submission.  When my Man is standing over me...
mmmmm...  And when pain is worked up to, it's so very different to just being
belted...

Andrew wanted me to tell Him faster or harder.

"I want you to keep Me informed pet, to tell Me what you are feeling and to ask 
Me if you want more or less."

"Yes Sir..." i breathed and shuddered with pleasure.  Just being bent over like
that, on my knees with my wrists cuffed behind me, was enough to give me the
pleasure shakes.  Trying to tell my Master what was happening to me always made
it more intense.

"Tell Me if its good, or just right pet, by your words and your actions.  Push
your ass back if you want more.  Tell Me if it's a bit too hard and certainly
tell Me if it's too much."  He always says this.

"mmm... Yes Sir..." i got comfortable and tried to relax.

"Good girl."   He started smoothing the end of the crop over my skin.  He was
just touching me and gliding slowly. The folded tip of the leather was just a
little cooler than my skin. The sense of foreboding combined with the sensory
was delicious.

"How does that feel pet?"

"mmm nice Sir.."

Pop.

"mmm... "  i squirmed and clenched inside.  i automatically pressed back against
the crop as it smoothed over the light pink welt it had left.  i didn't even
think about it.  i didn't have to wait long for the next one either...

Pop.

"I am going to colour in your ass pet.  First a nice light shade of pink and
then slowly more and more red.  Do you understand?"

Pop.

"mmm... Yessss..." i said as i pressed back against the tip of the soothing
crop.

Pop.

"You like this don't you pet?" Andrew asked.

"mmm Your pet does Sir.  It makes her forget everything.  More please Sir,
please..." i pressed back.

Pop.

"her  nipples are so hard they hurt Sir..."

"Good girl."

Pop.

"her pussy is already so wet Sir, she is so hot inside she can feel it."

"Use stronger language tonight dominique."

"her cunt is so wet Sir,"  Pop!  "ohhh... mmmm"  i pressed back again.

Andrew reached between my legs and lightly stroked the smooth moist skin of my
pussy... barely touching me.

i rolled my hips against His fingers.  i wanted more but He withdrew them.

i pressed back against the tip of the crop when He smoothed it over my ass.  i
was trying to stimulate my clit.   Andrew noticed of course.

Pop.

"Keep a little more still pet."

Pop.

"ohhh... sorry Sir...  yes Sir," i breathed.

Pop.  Pop.

"mmmm... that's just right Sir..."  i closed my eyes and swooned.

Pop.  Pop.

Pop!

"Ooohhh...."

Pop!  Pop!  i clenched my teeth and felt the sharper pain dissipate.

"my cunt is.."

Pop! Pop! Pop!

"Oohhhh... Your slut's cunt is .."  Pop!   "Ooohh..  verrry wet Sir..."

"I'll have to check again pet."

I saw Andrew put the crop down next to me on the bed.  His warm hands spread my
ass cheeks and i felt Him press His lips to my mottled skin in a kiss.  Then He
ran His fingers firmly up and down my opening, parting my lips and spreading out
the juices.  He pressed His fingers against me.  He touched the source of my
wetness and pushed inside me.  I shuddered as His fingers slid into me and back
out again.  He firmly forced two fingers back inside, all the way.  i gripped
them tightly and gasped.

"Oooohhhh...."

"Slut..." He whispered.

"Y..y.. yes Sir..."  i felt like i was hurtling toward my orgasm.  He withdrew
His fingers and i pulled back from the edge.

His fingers ran over my asshole, wetting me there too.  i pressed back against
them.

"Almost ready pet."

"mmmmm..."  i couldn't help it.

"you enjoy being touched here, don't you dominique..."  He caressed my now
lubricated anus.

"Yes Sir," i squeaked and shuddered a little more.

He swirled His fingers over my asshole, increasing the pressure. 

"you like things in your ass quite a lot don't you My little slut..."

"Mmmmm... Yes Sir,"  i breathed.  His two fingers pressed my hole open and
pushed just inside.  They came out just as quickly and i pressed my ass back
instinctively. 

"I think you need your plug...  don't you dominique?"

"Yes Sir," i was getting so frantically horny,  "your slut needs her asshole
plugged while you fuck her Sir!"

Andrew was already moving to His bedside table when He mumbled, "Just as I
thought..."

He moved the couple of paces back and put my plug down on the bed.  The whole
time His free hand was caressing my ass in big circles.  He picked up the crop
and slid it under me near my face and told me to hold it between my teeth.  i
did.  Then He picked up the plug again.  For a short moment i braced myself
before feeling the plug steadily being pressed deep into my pussy. 

"Mmmmm... ooohhhhh  Sir..."  Half in surprise!

i shuddered some more and pressed back again as that plug slid in and stretched
my pussy inside. Delicious...

"Oohhhhh..." i moaned and arched, lifting my head from the bed and tossing my
hair down my back.  my eyes rolled in my head and my thighs tensed. 

Andrew grabbed a handful of my hair and He took up the slack in His fist.  He
slid the plug almost out. Then in again slowly.

"I see you won't keep your head down dominique.... you will stay that way then."

Each forward movement of my head was stopped with a pull of my hair.  i licked
my lips.  He slid the plug back and forth again and again.  i was starting to
tremble.  i was going to cum!!!  i couldn't cum without telling Him.  i had to
tell Him!

"Ooohhh please Sir....  please!"  Andrew stopped the movement of the plug.

"What is it My precious little whore..."

"This girl is...  is... very close Sir!"  i curled my toes trying to stop it.

"W/we can't have that..." He slid the plug very slowly out of  me.

i groaned in frustration.

"Oooohhhh...."

His hands were on my ass spreading my cheeks again.  i could definitely feel the
juices running down the inside of one thigh.  Somehow i noticed it was slightly
cooler as it dried on my skin.  A counterpoint to the hot redness of my as, the
juicy heat of my pussy and the tangled throbbing nerve endings of my clit.  He
took the plug and wiped it up and down my dripping cunt, twisting and coating
it.  i gritted my teeth.  Partly for the entry, partly to calm my rising
passion.  i knew what was to come.  i had a better idea.  i bit my lip.

"Here is something for My dirty ass-fucking slut...."

"Ooohhhhh...." i moaned as He pressed the plug against me.  i bore down like He
had taught me and i felt my ass opening, stretching and accepting.  An intense
rush of adrenaline and pain ran through me.  i felt faint.  my asshole stretched
and stretched then gradually closed around the base of the plug.  Andrew stroked
my ass with His open palm.  In moments the tight pain was replaced by an intense
fullness. 

"Good girl."

i wondered if my lip was bleeding.  i imagined i could taste blood.

Pop!  Pop!  Andrew had retrieved His crop.

Pop!  Pop!  Pop!

"Oooohhh fuck... mmmmm....."

i pressed my ass back again.  my skin was becoming hotter back there.  Each
strike of the crop was firm.  He was on the second 'coat'.  He was using the
same pattern as the first coat.  i recognised it and began to anticipate each
kiss of the crop.  Alternate cheeks.  Larger and larger circles from the centre
of each cheek.  Closer and closer to my pussy and asshole as the circle wound
around.

Then a change.

Pop!  Pop!  Pop!

Down the back of one thigh.

Pop!  Pop!  Pop!

Down the back of the other.

Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!

Back up the first thigh.

Pop!  Pop!  Pop! Pop!

Back up the other.

i don't know where i went.  i felt my body shaking.  The pops didn't sound the
same anymore.  They sounded more like thuds.  my moans sounded low and drawn out
like they were in slow motion.  i could hear my breathing and my heart, thudding
in my chest faster and faster.  Or was it the crop...  i couldn't tell.   so
close to my pussy... so close to my full ass.  There was a dull roar in my ears. 
my skin prickled all over my body. 

i turned my head against His hair-pulling and i watched Him.  His tanned broad
chest twisted with His movements.  Trickles of sweat ran down His sparkling
skin.  He was watching His work.  He turned to look at me.  i must have been a
sight.  His green eyes pierced mine and He saw i was ready. 

He threw the crop to the floor and tore open His leather pants, not bothering to
remove them.  His hands gripped me under my hips and moved me into the position
He wanted.  He wedged the head of His hard cock between the lips of my pussy. 
His words bent my world.

"Cum when you want, I don't give a fuck!" 

And He impaled me.  Not smoothly and insistently.  Nooo,  not at all.  He shoved
His hard long cock straight up my cunt.  i was full.  Suddenly and beautifully
full.

"Aaaaahhhhhh....oohhhoohhhhhhhhhhhh... "  i moaned, and came.  And came again.

"Ooohhhh fffuccckkkkk Sirrrr...  oooohhhhhhhhhhhhh.....gggoddddddddd........ "

And so it went.  my body flung into the fiery cauldron of my submission.  The
last i remember was my Master slapping my ass, pulling my hair, twisting my
plug, and fucking me endlessly.  i woke up in the middle of the night...

Andrew must have fucked me more than once.  O/our combined spendings left me
lying in a big wet spot.  And god...  my ass and thighs, the back of them, were
on fire!  i turned over to face my Master.  i spooned my body to His and slipped
my arm around his torso.  i calmed and thought briefly about what had happened. 
What He had done to me. 

________________________________________________


It wasn't the first time... and it wouldn't be the last.  But *every* time was
like the first time.  Every time i brushed my fingertips over my welts, His
welts, was like the first time.  Every time i turned around and looked at myself
over my shoulder in the mirror, was like the first time. 

Is there the remotest possibility i might ever tire of my own use?  i am most
certainly a satisfied woman...  when i think about what happens to me in my
life, warm shivers go through my body.  my life exceeds the most outrageous
fantasies i had prior to my submission.  How could i not be satisfied?  i never
imagined i would be here, in a relationship like this...

Then my brow furrowed as i remembered Andrew's words last night...  "Cum when
you want, I don't give a fuck!" 

What did He mean by that? Had i displeased Him in some way?

 i repeated His words in my head... "I don't give a fuck!" 

Why didn't He give a fuck?  Was Andrew getting bored with me?  my stomach
fluttered and i started to feel nauseous... Maybe i was failing Him...

"I don't give a fuck!"

i fell back into a fretful sleep...




Chapter 07

i must have dozed off.  Next thing i knew my Master sat on me!  It was quite
memorable.  He must have climbed over me as i slept.  i awoke with His black
leather clad ass right in front of my face!  i giggled and said, "That's quite a
view there Sir," and went to smack His smooth muscular butt. 

But i couldn't! Andrew had pinned my arms under His calves and all i could do
was slap the outside of His thighs.  Which i most certainly did!

"Oohhh let me up!!!  Sir!  W/we have to have breakfast!!!"

He somehow rocked from side to side and pulled hard at the silk bedsheet.  i
gasped as He exposed my body to the cool air.  i struggled fruitlessly and
continued to beg Him to get off me.  But Andrew knows when i can take more.  One
time He tickled me all over with a feather and i was giggling and squirming
uncontrollably until He stopped.  God the sex was amazing after that.

i was just about to beg Him not to tickle me again when He pulled open my thighs
and squirted something warm all over my shaved pussy.  When His fingers touched
me and firmly began to massage it in, i knew it was oil.  my conviction was soon
confirmed as the heady aroma of patchouli and musk wafted through my senses. 

i groaned as His fingers spread and coated me, opening and closing me and
getting into every nook and cranny.  i tried to put my feet flat on the bed to
push my ass at His fingers but somehow He held me and tightened His grip.  He
had one of my legs hooked behind his shoulder, and i don't know how He had the
other one.  All i could see was His ass...  i wondered briefly if i could bite
it!

 God, i couldn't even do that!  When i tried, He deftly hooked His foot over my
shoulder and pushed me back on the bed with a thud.  i was breathing harder and
started beating on His thighs again and squirming harder.

"Oh no you don't you little vixen." Andrew bit me on the inside of my thigh,
right next to my pussy. i yelped and stopped beating on Him straight away!  i
still kept wriggling and protesting though, until He pushed something into me.

"Ohhh Sirrr... what are You doing?" 

i wasn't sure what it was at first.  It was definitely plastic... or latex.  He
pushed it up inside me and i felt like i had a golfball inside me.  Suddenly
that thing started humming and i went nuts!  i was bucking and trying to get
free of His grip.  my breath was so ragged and my muscles felt so hard and
tense.  But i couldn't move!  Then, oh my god!  He started swirling His thick
long tongue around my clit and He started slapping my ass.  Oh my god!!!  i
heard His muffled voice cursing that there was no room, but god the smacks were
just right, and right over my asshole too! 

Then i heard a click and that buzzing ball inside me shot up a notch.  i thought
i was going to cum straight away!  But to cum i need to thrash about and flex my
body.  i was going mad and my ass was starting to smart.  i really needed to
buck my hips!

 i did the next best thing and moaned really loud! 

"Oooooooooohhhhhh...."

Then click! and that maddening ball took off again to new heights! The
vibrations were so hard they came right through my pussy walls and attacked my
clit. The same clit my Master had taken between His teeth and was gently
crushing!   It was too much and i grunted twice then my body spasmed and my hips
jerked at my Master's mouth.   my pubic bone banged into His face and He rolled
off me.  Suddenly i was free and i flew!  i was cumming so hard!  my hands
covered my crotch and my thighs closed around them.  i bucked my hips and
straightened my legs alternately.  my eyes rolled back in my head and i screamed
out in pleasure!

"Aahhhhhhhhhhh jesssuuussssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!  Ohh fuck ohh fuckk fuckkkk
yessssssssssssss....."

i still had shocks going through my body but my thighs slowly relaxed as my
Master adjusted down the controls of His new toy.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmm thankyou Sirrrr.... mmmmmmmmmmm..."  i grinned and fell back
onto the bed spent.  i scratched the back of His arm lightly.  He was sitting on
the side of the bed facing away from Me.  He turned toward me and He was holding
His mouth.  He took His hand away and oh wow what a nice fat lip!   i must have
a very firm pubic bone!!

"Oh my god! Sir?!!!  Did i do that??? Oh i'm so sorry!"

"Shhhh, it was not intentional.  I never knew you had such strength possum!" 
When He grinned at me He said "Owww!" and His hand went to His mouth.  i pulled
myself upright and kissed His fat lip softly. 

"Just for that you will be wearing these until I say otherwise possum."  He held
out His hand and smiled at me.

"Mmmm thankyou Sir." i replied as i immediately recognised my Ben Wah Balls held
in His hand. 

"Take the Egg out first pet," He winked.

He handed the Balls to me and W/we both watched as i slid the Egg out with a pop
and handed it to Him.

"W/we'll be having lot's of fun with this toy pet."  He cleaned  the Egg with
the towel He had wiped Hs hands on and put it in His pocket.

"Oh yes, i can just imagine Sir!" 

 i laid back and slid one Ben Wah into me then the other.  He passed me the
towel and i cleaned myself up a bit.

"All done Sir!"

"Not yet pet..."

"Yes Sir?"

"How about putting on your bikini bottoms, the high cut ones and a nice tight
tshirt - you can pick it out."

"I know just which one Sir!"  i giggled and bounced around like a schoolgirl.  i
love dressing up for Andrew, and it's soooo easy.  One thing i *don't* miss, is
trying to decide what to wear... and how many women could say their men know
every garment they own?  Not many i bet!

In moments i was ready to face Sunday morning pastries in the backyard. 

"Good girl! Let's go eat!"

"Yes Sir!"  i replied military fashion and W/we smiled at each other.

_________________________________________________


Andrew had passed me the television guide and i was reading some rubbish about
Harrison Ford.  i really love being outside.  Most of the time Andrew lets me
sit with Him at the setting.  He tells me to get my outdoor cushion if He wants
me kneeling.  Today i was sitting with Him and it was nice.  i wondered if that
was alright...

"Sir?"

"Yes pet?"

"May i speak formally with You please Sir?"

"Go ahead dominique..."

"Well, um, your pet has a confession to make Sir."

"Can it not wait dominique?  you know W/we are expecting guests."

"Well um Sir... yes Sir, of course it can."

" 'Yes Sir' would be fine dominique, unless your confession is urgent."  Maybe
it wasn't a good time.

"No Sir, honestly, it can wait.  This girl just wanted to forewarn you Sir." 

"Alright, W/we'll talk about it once Paul and Lydia have left pet..."

"Paul and Lydia Sir?" i blushed... i was hoping to have Andrew's AND Paul's
attention!

"Speak openly pet." Andrew was onto it.

"Well i was just wondering who Lydia might be Sir, i have not heard You mention
her before."

Andrew nodded.  "Paul met her at a bash recently, apparently T/they hit it off
quite well."

"Will W/we be expecting T/them soon Sir?"

"Yes, pet... T/they should be here shortly."

There was a pause, god, so many questions!  i could hardly contain myself!

"Would You say T/they are an item Sir?"

"Not that it has anything to do with U/us pet, but yes I believe so."

"Well He certainly deserves a good submissive Sir, He is a very good Dom."

Andrew's eyes narrowed as he looked at me. "And what makes you say that
dominique?"

It's funny how Andrew telegraphs His displeasure with me, like a warning. Why
can't i just shut up?

"Well Sir, just Him being a good Friend of Yours and.."

"And?"

"Well i just think He deserves someone who can make Him happy Sir." i was
pleased with what i said.

"Oh really..."

"Um, yes Sir, and i um.. i think it would be nice to have a subby friend who
lives a bit closer than gigi Sir."

"Ahh I see..."

"It's just that, well, sometimes it gets a bit quiet and lonely when You are
overseas on business Sir, and i would dearly love to have a friend, a close
friend, in whom i could confide..."

"Confide?"

"Yes Sir, You know what I mean, like a girlfriend i could go shopping with or.."

"dominique..." He interrupted.

"Um... yes Sir?"

"Don't say "You know what I mean."  I don't know what you mean. And furthermore
I wouldn't ask if I did. "

"i'm sorry Sir, i just meant.."

"you meant you wanted a friend to talk to, to chat with, to share gossip with...
am I right?"

"Well, yes Sir, i suppose so," i smiled hopefully.

"Somehow I don't think Lydia would fit the bill pet.  And in any case, what
makes you think I would condone such a friendship?"

"Sorry Sir?"

"Do you honestly think that a bunch of subbies sitting around drinking cocktails
and sharing intimate details of their relationships is part of this Life pet?"

"All i meant was.."  i was getting tied up in knots, too many thoughts at once.

"This time I know what you meant pet.  you would like Paul to have someone.  A
submissive someone who will bring Him the pleasure you think He deserves."

"Umm.. Yes, Sir."

"And you think you would like this because additionally you might have a friend
who you can share your feelings and secrets with, someone to talk to."

"Yes Sir."

"Do you find O/our communication to be inadequate dominique?"

"Oh gosh... No Sir! Definitely not."

"Then I suppose I am wondering why you believe you need someone in this role in
your life pet."

"It's not that I *need* someone Sir. Not at all. Just that I would *like* it...
that's all."

"Hmmm...  Alright well, I'll think about it...  Perhaps you should have asked Me
first pet."

What had come over me?  What i was *actually* thinking was "god, i'm getting so
horny. Who is Lydia? Oh i can't wait to see Paul!"  Instead all i did was blush
fiercely and tip my eyes to the ground right in front of me.

"Yes, Sir.  i'm so sorry Sir."

"W/we'll talk about this later too."

"Yes, Sir."  And i took my own advice and shut up.

Andrew went back to reading His newspaper.

i returned to sipping my coffee and thinking quietly.  It was mid-morning.  A
beautiful morning.

"Oh and pet..."

"Yes, Sir?"

"Lydia is not a submissive..."

"Really Sir???"  Gosh.  More questions.

Paul is One of Those that has free reign over me.  He has permission from my
Master to use me in any way in which my Master normally would.  That is the
rule.  He is in effect a surrogate Master.  i do as He says, just as i would for
Andrew.  It pleases my Master for me to treat Paul in this way.  To be truthful,
i like submitting to Him.  i smile and blush when i think about it.  He is a bit
of a wild lover.  And not mean like Dean.

While i'm on the subject,  Dean is the other One.  There will be Others.  i am
not too keen on the idea.  It sends waves of fear with only hints of pleasure
through me.  The hairs on my arms and the back of my neck prickle.  i will do it
though.  But it's been three weeks since W/we went to the cabin and there has
been nothing mentioned so i don't think it will be very often.

"possum?"

"Yes, Sir?" i smiled... i love it when He calls me that...

"Be a good girl and go up to the house.  Check that the beers are cold enough. 
If they are not, then put a couple in the freezer.  Also, make up a batch of
margueritas pet.  Keep them chilled...  in fact, I'll come with you and get the
steaks.  C'mon, let's get this show on the road." 

Andrew took my hand and W/we walked up to the house like young lovers.  i
wondered if i was going to need my cushion after Paul and Lydia arrived...

"Sir, will i bring my cushion down to the barbeque when W/we return?... i mean
if Lydia isn't a sub will i be needing one Sir?"

"Oh yes you will certainly need one possum."

"um.. yes Sir."  i bit my lip.  i didn't know how i felt about 'coming out' with
a vanilla person.  She might ask all kinds of silly questions like, "What are
you doing kneeling on the ground dominique, there's a chair right here!" i
giggled to myself, thinking it would be fun to be the shocking one, rather than
the shocked one for a change.

"What's so funny?" asked my Master.

"Well, i think i am in a good mood Sir, i was thinking about how fun it will be
to see Paul again Sir... and then i was thinking it might be embarrassing to be
the only one kneeling..." i giggled again! "But then i was thinking i would like
to see the look on Lydia's face when she sees me kneel in front of you Sir!  Or
in front of Paul!"

Andrew cracked up.  "Oh and I'm sure she will possum!"  He whacked me on the
butt. A playful smack but maybe a touch hard. Maybe i was just imagining it. 
Anyway it made me grab my ass and pout!  Andrew roared with laughter as He
walked down the hall to the cellar door.  In between fits of mirth He managed to
tell me He'd get the beers organised.

"Oh and dominique..." He turned at the door to face me.

"Yes Sir?"

"I hope those Balls aren't bothering you..."

"Oh no Sir,  i... oh dear!"  I looked down and was quite mortified that my
bikini bottoms were sodden with my juices.  

"Drinks first dominique," Andrew said simply.

i passed the mirror on the wall, the same one i had turned to on the first night
alone with Paul.  i stopped in my tracks and turned to face the mirror.  What
was i doing!  i look like a wreck!  Jesus T/they could be here at any minute! 
i've got to get changed and do my hair and ...

DING!! DONG!!

"COULD YOU LET THEM IN POSSUM?" Andrew yelled from the basement.

"YES SIR!" i yelled back before realising it.  Oh my god oh my god. T/they can't
already be here, quick think.  It will be alright i'll think of something.

i unlatched the front door and opened it wide, and the sun streamed in behind
O/our guests. 

"Welcome welcome, please come in, come in...."  i bowed a little and squinted up
into the shadowed faces.

"Oh dominique, you look lovely, do you mind if I just stay here for a moment and
admire you?"

i blushed fiercely and tried to see what Paul's expression was.

"You tease me Sir!  W/we were just out taking some sun and enjoying the morning
and time got away Sir!"

"It's alright dominique, you don't have to explain."  i blushed more and tried
to relax. 

"i'm terribly sorry... You just caught me by surprise Sir... and this must be
Lydia Sir..." i turned to her.  "i am very pleased to meet you Lydia." i smiled
brightly.

"And I am pleased to meet you too dominique, you are just as adorable as Paul
described."

"Well um... thankyou Lydia."  i blushed even harder.  How had Paul described me?

"Go freshen up dominique, I can handle the drinks."

i was so relieved.  i gave Paul my biggest smile.  i flicked my eyes over to
Lydia and looked into the deepest brown eyes i had ever seen.  She was lovely. 
She looked a bit like me actually. Dark hair.  Light skinned.  Slim, attractive. 
i was thinking she might be thirty.  Goodness.

"Oh thankyou Sir. i won't be a minute." i replied truthfully.

i ran up the stairs to my changing room, slipped on a clean bikini bottom and
threw a wrap around my hips.  i can't believe i met them at the door in a tshirt
and stained bikini bottoms.  i bet Andrew didn't tell me when T/they were
arriving on purpose.  Oh He can be so mean! 

I quickly put on some lippy and some mascara.  i ran a brush through my hair as
quick as i could.  i  came rushing down the stairs again and almost barrelled
over my Master!

"Oh my god! Sorry Sir!"

"It's alright pet, no harm done... I take it Paul took over the drinks?"

"Oh yes Sir, i wouldn't have changed without permission Sir."

Andrew offered me His elbow and i slinked my hand around it gratefully.  i
reached up and kissed His cheek.  "Did i ever tell you how wonderful You are to
me?" i asked.

"Sweet possum.  you can tell Me later." He winked at me.

i grinned back and W/we walked arm in arm into the bar area.

"Welcome back dominique," Paul greeted me, "Andrew was just telling U/us how
much of a good time was had by A/all up at Dean's cabin a few weekends back."

"It was certainly an eye-opener Sir, i learned a lot up there."

"Glad to hear it, I was thinking about taking you back up there with Me
sometime."  Paul winked at Andrew! 

i blushed, and looked at Lydia, seeking... something!

"It's alright dominique, I know Paul is fond of you, and has certain... let's
say "rights" over you," she said before continuing, " I don't mind, as long as
you don't get in my way."

"Oooooooo!" said the Men in unison!

i had the distinct impression S/someone wasn't telling me something!  Lydia came
towards me and i held my breath.  She handed me a marguerita and chirped, "Drink
up! The day is young!"

The Men laughed and W/we all smiled and clinked glasses and drank.

I noticed Paul pull Andrew aside and They were talking business or something.  i
was still smiling at Lydia when she leaned into me.

"W/we will have to have a talk later..."

"Yes Lydia,"  Damn my automatic submissive response!

"That's Miss Lydia dominique."

"Yes Miss Lydia."

She stood back from me and smiled at me over Her glass as She sipped from it. 
God.  So what does this all mean?  Doesn't Dom/me go with sub and sub with
Dom/me?  i didn't know Dom could go with Domme...  the image of Lydia whipping
Paul formed itself in my brain.  That can't be right.  It couldn't be...

Andrew turned to me.

"So pet, do you think W/we should adjourn outside and enjoy the sun?"

"Definitely Sir!  It' a beautful day, and it would be a shame to not take
advantage of it."

"Well said!"  Paul agreed.

W/we all looked at Lydia.

"Let's go then, lead the way dominique!"  It was like She knew what to say.

It was a bit disconcerting leading them outside.  i had the feeling They were
talking behind my back.  Where was this going, and why do i always feel so far
out of my depth?  i really had to get a moment alone with Andrew...

Lunch was delicious. The steaks never better, and none of my special salad was
left.  i was also seated at the table.

"Mmmmmm.... this is delicious Andrew!"  Lydia was being effusive.  Paul agreed.

"You are welcome to the best My house has to offer Lydia."  She had obviously
received Andrew's blessing.

"Thankyou kind Sir," She replied and batted Her eyelids at my Master.  i was
getting so confused...

Who was this woman, or Woman, that i am supposed to respect?  No-one has told me
anything! Who does She think She is?  i gasped at my abject lack of grace.  Who
am i to even think about such things!  Where is my grounding... why do i feel so
inadequate around O/others in the Lifestyle?  i have so much to learn...

W/we were finishing O/our lunch and i was going to tidy up.

"dominique leave that til later... be a dear and refresh My drink for Me
please."  i flicked my eyes across to my Master who nodded at me.

"Yes Miss Lydia..."

While i was up pouring Lydia a new drink i could hear Them talking.  Why do i
feel so left out?  Why do i feel the need to be 'in the loop'?  Is it a hangover
from my vanilla days?  What do i do if She wants me... here... now...  And damn
these goddamned Balls!  They're making me weak kneed!  i must concentrate.

"Mmmmm... thankyou dominique, you certainly make a lovely marguerita..."

"Thankyou Miss Lydia, i always try to do my best..."

"Yes... yes... I tend to agree..."

Lydia turned to my Master and addressed Him directly.

"May I speak frankly to Your submissive Andrew?"

"Most certainly... of course Lydia...W/we are all F/friends here..."

She turned back to me and i felt like i was in the spotlight, like a rabbit
caught in headlights...

"dominique...  are you always so informal with guests?"

Goodness... informal?  That's bad right???

"No Miss Lydia, i just thought W/we were ha..."

"Yes having fun, yes, I know..."   i looked quickly at Paul, He just sat there
grinning at me.  "I was wondering if you usually sit at the table actually..."

"i always carry out my Master's wishes Miss."

"Ah, ok... and tell Me, do you feel... comfortable... sitting at the table with
Us?"

"Yes Miss, i like it.  i like to feel like i am part of what is happening rather
than apart from it."

"Would you say it was your preference?"

i looked across at Andrew... He had folded His arms but His face was
expressionless.

"Yes Miss Lydia..."

"Interesting..."  she continued,  "you should know I don't particularly like
female submissives dominique."

"Oh... i'm sorry Miss," i responded less than intelligently.

"I have always been drawn to male subs, but recently I have had a couple of bad
experiences, that I needn't go into."

i was fascinated.  i simply listened.  Lydia sipped again at Her marguerita.

"you are very attractive, and you look so much like Me. I only wish Paul had
warned Me just how much... " She squeezed His knee.  "There is something
symmetrical about you and I..."

"Thankyou Miss," i responded, thinking the pressure was off.

"It is not necessarily a good thing dominique..."

"i'm sorry Miss, perhaps i could go and put my hair up or..."

"No, no!  That won't do at all, in fact..." She turned to Paul... can I have a
word with You Darling?"

"Sure,"  He replied, "I need to take a leak anyway, come with Me."

"Ok but just a moment, I wanted to tell dominique one more thing..."  She turned
back to me.

"dominique..."

"Yes Miss Lydia?"  i turned my eyes to Her.

 "...as I said... apart from being amusing, I don't usually find female
submissives particularly attractive at all...."

i was back staring at the ground in front of me, wondering what the hell was
going on.

"But I've had a wonderful idea..."

i didn't know what to say.  Lydia shook her head slowly side to side
incredulously.

"...it's almost like looking in a mirror... "

All three of Them were looking at me.  i felt my subspace closing around me.  i
turned my eyes to my Master.  He quite clearly mouthed the words "She is One." 
i turned my gaze back to Her clear large brown eyes.

"Miss Lydia?"

"Yes, dominique?"

"If.. if it would please You Miss Lydia...  i will do anything You tell me
to..."  i smiled hopefully.   She gave me a beautiful smile in return.

"Thankyou dominique, I can assure you, you will enjoy what I have in mind..."

Lydia stood abruptly and took Paul's hand in Hers and pulled Him to His feet. 
He gave U/us His handsome crooked smile and told U/us They would be back
shortly.

i looked back to my Master.  i wanted to ask Him if this was what He wanted.  If
i was being good...  i'd do it, i'd do anything to please Him...  i just wanted
Him to know.

And He did the most precious thing.  He got to His feet, offered me His hand,
and helped me to my feet.  He walked backwards to His chair,  and i of course
followed Him as He held my hand.  Then He put out His arms offering me a hug.  i
moved into Him and felt the warm comfort of His beating heart in my ear as i
laid my cheek on His chest and felt His arms envelop me.  He picked me up
effortlessly and in one motion, swept me into His lap and sat down again.

i nuzzled His neck and pulled myself tighter to Him and whispered in His ear.

"Thankyou so much Sir... i really needed this..."

"My pleasure possum... always My pleasure..."

"Mmmmmm yes Sirrr,"  i smiled and paused, softly scratching the back of His
neck.  "...Sir if i may speak candidly for a moment..."

"Certainly pet, go ahead..."

"i am having a million different thoughts at the moment Sir, not all of them
good either Sir."

"W/we will have a long talk later pet, thrash things out if you like.  I haven't
forgotten you wanted to make a confession too."

"That's right, yes...  thankyou Sir, i need to do that..."

"Ok, but for now pet, just play along.  As I informed you, there would be
Others.  It would both amuse Me and please Me to see where this is going.  But
first things first...  remove your Ben Wah's pet."

"Now Sir?"

"Do you really need Me to answer that?"

"No Sir... of course not...  sorry Sir."  i stepped back from Him and removed my
wrap and put it over my shoulder.  i bent over to watch what i was doing and
pulled my again saturated bikini bottoms aside.  i  tugged on the nylon 'string' 
protruding from between my lips. W/we both watched as my pussy flowered open.  i
held my breath then sighed as one Ball popped out, followed by the other. 

"Don't touch your pussy pet."

"Ok  Sir."  i snapped my wet bikini bottoms back in place.  my aroused and
pouting lips were thick and bulging against the material.  I brought my wrap
back around my hips.

i thought i'd be cute and hung my Balls off the end of my fingers, put my other
hand on my hip, and thrust provocatively at my Master.  When i went to look up
at Him as sexily as i could, i saw all three of Them standing there looking at
me.   i gasped!

Lydia stood between Them. 

This is not my day.  God and all i wanted was to make a good impression.  To
somehow show Paul how much i ...

"I bet you think you're a good submissive don't you."

It was Lydia.  She sounded like a right bitch.  i think i even narrowed my eyes
at her.

"No Miss."  i spat back.  God i even sounded sarcastic.  She took a step towards
me and slapped me across the face!

"DON"T YOU THINK I HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BERATE YOU YOU FUCKING WHORE!!!"

i was aghast!!!  i held my cheek in one hand, my mouth agape!  i looked
pleadingly at Andrew! 

She can't talk to me like that - surely! 

Paul!  Paul rescue me!

Her words rang in the silence. 

Neither of Them were going to help me.  Andrew looked stunned and Paul sure
looked surprised.

But They were both looking at me - not Her!

i looked back at Lydia.  God i can't believe i reacted like that.  Why didn't i
just answer submissively?  i dropped to my knees.  Why couldn't i have just said
"No Miss," softly, and submitted to Her.  i looked pleadingly up into Lydia's
eyes.  Stupid stupid stupid.  i could feel my hand covering my mouth.  my
fingers felt cold.  The grass felt cold under my knees.

"i am so sorry Miss Lydia.  i cannot explain my incredible stupidity and
insolent beha.."

"Get up."  She was speaking just above a whisper, it was menacing.

"Miss i .. i mean i don't..."

"This is what I was talking about..."

Lydia had turned to Paul.

Paul was looking from Her to me, then back to Her and nodding.  Paul looked
across the front of Lydia to get Andrew's attention. 

"What do You think?"

"Yes, i tend to agree," was Andrew's response.

He looked back to me.  And He spoke.

"dominique..." i knew not to speak, i just looked at Him and felt a tear of
intense humiliation trickle down my cheek.  "How long have you been here pet?"

i cleared my throat and spoke softly.

"Almost 15 months Sir."

"Do you have any comprehension of what is going on here?"

"i feel as though i am being judged Sir, and i have failed."  i stifled the
spasm of a sob in my throat and another tear squeezed itself out of my eye.  i
wanted to wipe it away but my arms wouldnt move.

"You are going about failing the right way dominique, but no you haven't failed. 
you have in fact reacted pretty much as i thought you would.  So in a sense you
have pleased Me."

my arms worked and i wiped away the tears. i didn't feel like smiling and i just
listened.

"you have demonstrated exactly what I have spoken to Paul about.  A certain
reluctance, a questionable depth of submission to My decisions.  I know you
submit to Me when W/we are alone.  I don't doubt that you feel you give Me
everything you can give.  I also know you have doubts about yourself and that
you justify what you do and allow to be done to you."

It was like listening to my own conscience.

"your sense of self importance is over-inflated dominique.  When challenged you
act like a princess, expecting to be rescued.  And I think you feel a sense of
"ownership" of this space.  Like you belong here, and Lydia doesn't.  I think
you have been trying desperately to mask your jealousy of Lydia since She
arrived pet."

"Yes Sir."  i tried to stop my eyes tearing up again.

"I think you are more attracted to Paul than you have been willing to tell Me." 
i blushed at His words.  He was right!  "I think you have been less than honest
with how you really feel about a lot of things dominique."

i opened my mouth to speak but He shook His head no.

"Apart from last night, how long has it been since I told you to wear My Collar
dominique?"

"Sir?"

"How long?"

"i'm not sure Sir, a couple of weeks?"

"Haven't you wondered why?"

"No Sir, i haven't really thought about it Sir, its just in the drawer by the.."

"Be quiet dominique."

"Yes Sir."

"you see precious one... the Collar should mean more to you.  Day after day
after day you have worn it.  I stop having you wear it and you hardly notice. 
The significance was lost on you."

"Please can i wear it Sir.  i didn't realise i could wear it whenever i wanted!"

"What are you talking about?"

"i'm sorry Sir, i'm sorry i didn't say anything.  i didnt think!"

"Think now dominique!"

"i HAVE missed it Sir, i've missed it so much!  i keep hoping You will ask me to
wear it but things happen and i just find myself not thinking about it."  i felt
like i wasn't making sense.

"Sir, please, please may i get it?"

He paused.  I could feel Their eyes on me.

"If you earn it."

"i'll do anything Sir."

They all looked at each Other.  Then back at me.

"dominique... I would like you to meet kate."  'Lydia' stepped forward and
leaned down and kissed me on the cheek. 

"i'm sorry i was so mean before," she whispered in my ear.

i swallowed and kept my jaw from dropping.

she stepped back and smoothly knelt beside Paul, clutching His leg, stroking His
thigh absentmindedly and smiling at me.  her eyes sparkled.

"Yes, kate is quite the actress...  she is also Paul's submissive...  she has
returned to Him after a long absence.  It is His and her desire to stay together
and Paul has collared her.  This whole day was been somewhat of a setup I am
afraid precious."

"i don't understand Sir."

"Well pet, kate here wanted to explore her dominant side and I wanted to see how
deep your feelings for Paul were, and Paul agreed.  I think all in all most
questions have been answered."

I bowed my head.  "i'm so sorry Sir."

"All except one......"




Chapter 8

i was suddenly struck with the gravity of the situation.  What was He going to
ask me?  i felt very small kneeling on the lawn.  i didn't trust my voice.  i
could feel tears beginning to well up in my eyes. 

i clasped my hands together behind my back to stop them shaking.  i felt
unsteady on my knees facing T/them.  There wasn't a smile between T/them. 
Andrew, Paul and kate just looked at me.  What had i done! 

"dominique... the question I wanted to ask you was..."  His eyes bored into me. 

"How do you feel right now?"

i felt... ill.

"i feel terrible Sir... i know i have disappointed You..."  i couldn't look at
Him.  i was too afraid to see the look on His face.  A single tear began its
lonely trek down my cheek. 

"you have broken a number of rules.  your behaviour has been disgraceful. 
Unacceptable.  I am more than disappointed dominique...  I am disgusted..."

my shoulders were trembling.  i felt more tears as they dripped down my nose.  i
watched as one plummeted to the grass below.

"Do you know what you have done?"  His voice was soft, scary.

i looked up at Him.  He was all blurry through the tears i was trying not to
shed. 

i nodded.

"Tell Me now.  Make your confession."

Oh god.  i cleared my throat.

"Yes Sir."

i needed a moment to collect my thoughts.  i straightened myself and knelt up
tall.  Proudly.  Back straight.  Shoulders back.  Head slightly inclined.  my
body felt tight as a drum.  i closed my eyes to blink away my tears.  i decided
against wiping them away.  i took a deep breath.  i exhaled slowly and opened my
eyes.

A moment.  i just needed a moment...


_______________________________________________________


Watching dominique on her knees stifling tears was difficult to bear.  The trial
of confessing before O/others would certainly test her. 

I recalled one of My favourite sayings...  "Within reason, the end justifies the
means."

If dominique was ever going to break out of her vanilla ways of thinking, it was
going to be today.  And it wasn't going to be easy. 

On the one hand, I was quite pleased with her.  she had come a long way.  I have
enjoyed her presence and praised her efforts on many occasions.  In private. 

On the other hand, I knew she had so much more she could give.  her commitment
occasionally seemed to waver.  When O/others are present, she could become
volatile.  she needed to re-focus.  And she needed to find peace...

But I could also afford to give her some dignity.  I reached into My pocket for
My handkerchief.  Then I remembered the egg was wrapped in it.  I smiled to
Myself and unwrapped it.  Perfect.

I held the small cloth out for dominique to take.


_______________________________________________________


Before me was ......  a handkerchief.  Andrew had offered it to me.  i took the
offering gratefully in both hands.  Andrew stood back again. 

"Thank You Master... thank You..."  my voice trailed off as i brought the small
soft cloth to my face to wipe it.  The scent of my juices wafted up from the
handkerchief.  i blushed.  i looked up to my Master and smiled hopefully. 

He nodded.

i closed my eyes and wiped it all over my face.  i was smiling a little wider
but i don't think the O/others saw.  i knelt up straight again, balling the
cloth in my palm and holding it tightly.  Neither Paul nor kate reacted.  i
realised Andrew was having a private moment with me.  It made me wet.

"...Master, this girl has been guilty of a multitude of sins."  i took another
deep breath.  I flicked my eyes across at Paul, then at kate, from under my
lashes.  This is NOT how i envisioned my confession!

"Go on pet..."

Paul was expressionless.  kate seemed to be smirking.  i think she was enjoying
herself too much.  But no-one was looking at her.  i chastised myself and
concentrated on my Master.

"Yes Sir...  i um... Your stupid slut allowed mischievous thoughts to become
feelings Sir,  she um... she found her fantasies involving Paul occupying her
idle time.  she was looking forward to seeing Paul more than she should have
been Sir."  kate looked daggers at me.

"Continue dominique..."

"Um... yes Sir... she um... she also was willful and did not do as instructed
with kate Sir.  You gave her strict instructions regarding T/those to whom she
is to submit, Sir.  You made it plain kate was O/one.  This girl disregarded
those instructions and was rude and willful.  she is very sorry for that Master,
she really can't explain why one emotion over-rode another."

i smiled sorrowfully at kate and she stuck her tongue out at me.  i furrowed my
eyebrows at her.

i looked back up at my Master. 

"Explain what you mean dominique..."

"Sir,  this girl feels that jealousy clouded her judgment.  she feels that
jealousy of kate taking Paul from her made her lash out Sir..."

"I see..."  Andrew nodded.

"There is another thing Sir...  this girl has also neglected her collar Sir. 
she is very sorry for not asking about it.  she does love it so.  If she knew
she could wear it whenever she wanted, she would not have taken it off ever
Sir!"

Andrew scratched His chin.

"This girl is guilty of not paying proper attention Sir."

Andrew nodded again.  Was He smiling a little?  i hoped so.

"Is there anything else dominique, anything deeper...."

"Um," i looked from face to face, then looked down again.  "Yes Sir..." i
whispered.

"Go ahead dominique..."

"This girl feels like she has been assuming things Sir.  Assuming what is
important.  Assuming what You will want to know or need to know.  she has been
filtering Sir.  Filtering things... thoughts, feelings... filtering them and
giving You the ones she knows You prefer, the ones that would please You."

i looked up at my Master.  He had a strange look on His face.

"Have you been questioning whether you are here for the right reasons pet?"

"Um... no Sir."

"Are you bored?"

"Oh gosh no Sir!"

"Then do you filter things in order to keep Me happy?"

"Making You happy is always this girl's intention,"  i said.

"Not much of a happiness when it is based on half truths and omissions is it
dominique?"

i looked down at my hands.  i fingered the handkerchief. 

"Sir... This girl doesn't know what else to say... she is so sorry Sir... she
has just been... stupid... and thoughtless and displeasing... and she knows she
has been.   Please Sir...  she'll do anything... accept anything... please let
her prove herself Sir... she knows she should be punished... please punish her
Sir... please just punish her... "

i felt cold and alone.  The silence was punctured only by my laboured breathing. 

In... out...  In... out.... 

Finally my Master spoke.

"you are going to be taught a lesson."

i fell at His feet, kissing His shoes.  i had never done that before.

"Thank You Sir," i whispered. "Thank You... thank You..."

Joy and relief seemed to merge.

i can do this. 

i will do this.

"Until I say so you will accept anything... anything done to you and anything I
tell you to do...  you must also understand you may not use your safe words
dominique... alright?"

i shuddered and looked up.  The look on my Master's face was one i would never
forget.  He had plans for me that's for sure.  His green eyes were narrowed. 
Unsmiling... intimidating.  So intense.  i loved how He looked at me.  i nodded. 
He held His hand down to me and helped me back up to my knees.

"you will trust Me to make decisions regarding your limits dominique.  you will
accept My will.  you will find freedom in letting go.  I am going to do anything
I want with you." 

i dropped my gaze to the ground and nodded again.  i took another deep breath
and looked up into Andrew's piercing green eyes.

"May this girl please speak Master?"  i asked softly.

"you may dominique..."

"Thank You Sir..."

i knelt up straight again before continuing.

" ...this girl feels very humbled You care enough for her to ensure she learns
to be the submissive You desire her to be. 

"she wishes nothing more than to please You with all her heart, her mind and her
body Sir. 

"she knows she has discredited You by her behaviour. 

"she is sorry beyond words...

"But she is determined to make You proud Sir."


_______________________________________________________


I listened to dominique's thoughtful words and My anger softened into firm
resolve.  I was touched by her simple honesty.  I wanted to take her into My
arms and tell her everything was alright.  But she had to learn I would not be
defied.  I set My jaw and looked down on her.

"Go up to your room and strip.  Get your collar.  Do not put it on, you don't
deserve it.  Then go down to My study and kneel in the middle of the room facing
away from the door.  I don't want your face to be the first thing I see when I
walk through that door.  Place your collar on the floor behind you.  I want it
out of your sight.  W/we will be there soon.  Now GO!"  I threw the key to the
study to the ground in front of her.

she picked it up and scrambled to her feet.  she had her eyes on the key in her
hands.  I watched a single tear trickling down her cheek as she excused herself
and silently hurried past U/us up to the house. 

"I don't know what has come over the stupid little slut..." I sighed, shaking My
head.

"they all have their setbacks Andrew," Paul offered kindly. 

"Yes, yes... I know You're right."

"What do You propose My Friend?" Paul asked.

"Well, I'd like Y/you both to stay.  I am going to need Y/our help for what I
have in mind." 

Paul thought it over.

"Well I'm sure kate won't mind a change in plans.  As You know, I was
uncomfortable with her exploring her Dominant streak in the way We chose, so I
am actually glad in one sense, to be honest."

He was right of course.  I just thought it'd be fun.  From what Paul had told
Me, kate had been keeping Him on His toes.  dominique was also due to have a
limit or two explored.  Hindsight is a wonderful thing.

"In the circumstances, I tend to agree with You Paul."  He nodded and looked at
kate.  So did I.

"What about you kate?  Anything to add to this conversation?"  I asked.

"i would be pleased to play any part You would like me to play Sir," she replied
eagerly.

"Alright.  I'll explain how I want this to go, and then W/we'll go up.  No
rush... let dominique sweat for a bit." 

"Sounds like a plan My Friend," Paul winked.

"Margueritas all round then please kate!"

"my pleasure Sir!"


_______________________________________________________


Oh my god oh my god oh my god.  i think i am going to be sick.  i can't believe
i did that to kate.  i pulled my clothes off and stood naked looking into my
mirror.  The little mascara i applied had run and i looked like a sad clown.  i
held my hand up horizontally in front of my eyes to see if i was shaking.  my
fingers shook like leaves in the breeze. 

i ran into the bathroom and washed my face.

"Have you been questioning whether you are here for the right reasons pet?" 

His words echoed in my brain, haunting me.

When Andrew said that,  i hesitated.  And i think i know why.

Sometimes i feel like i am two women. 

One of these women completely accepts and relishes her submission.  she delights
in bringing pleasure to the One she is with.  she has never felt as happy and as
content as she does when she submits.  Everything makes sense to her.  she
accepts the fact that very few people are like her.  she is sexually secure and
satisfied.  Balanced. 

Then there is the other woman inside.  she is hurt.  Hurt by her rejection of
the norms of the society in which she was raised.  she wonders why the Man she
loves doesn't treat her like a princess.  she thinks she should be worshipped
and spoilt.  she is still in here.  she is my vanilla conscience.

i dried my face with the bath towel.

What she doesn't or can't understand is that in her own way, she *is* being
worshipped.  And spoilt.  she had never been listened to as intently as Andrew
listened to her.  her desires and her fears had never been given as much
attention as Andrew gave them.  she had never been treated as respectfully as
Andrew treated her. 

i ran a comb through my hair and ran out of the bathroom and over to the window. 
i breathed a sigh of relief when i saw kate pouring fresh drinks for T/them. 

Still,  i wanted to be ready.

i walked quickly over to the bedside table and retrieved my collar. 

God i was so nervous. 

i steeled myself.

This is what He wants.

This is what i deserve.

i ran out and took the stairs two at a time!



_______________________________________________________


W/we finished O/our drinks and made O/our way up to the house and inside.  Paul
followed on My left shoulder.  By the sound of kate's heels she was close behind
Paul.  I stopped at the threshold of My study and beheld dominique. 

I heard kate whisper "wow."  I heard Paul admonish her.

It was alright.  I had the urge to say the same thing.

Only the low lamp next to the toybox on the side table had been turned on.  It
lit up the wall on which I had mounted all My various playthings. 

dominique's skin flickered golden in the sixty or seventy candles she had
hastily lit.  she knelt in the classic style, with her back to U/us as ordered. 
she was naked and her skin glistened as she breathed.  she was oiled from head
to toe.  her black hair shimmered.  The silver locket of her collar glinted from
the floor behind her. 

I surveyed the room for any other surprises.  dominique had put out a jug of
margueritas and three glasses.  Good of her not to assume she could put out
four.  For a submissive in trouble she was working hard at putting things right.

I stepped into the room.

"dominique... do not speak..."

 It was so quiet I could hear her breathing.

"Put your hands behind your head and lace your fingers together."

she did so without hesitating.

I motioned for Paul and kate to move to the lounge area and observe.  I strode
over to the side table. 

"Do not move dominique... do not look at Me or A/anyone until I tell you to..."

I took My crop from its mount and clipped it to My belt.  I opened the toybox
and took out a coil of silk rope.  I walked behind dominique.

"Arms straight up over your head, hands clasped together slut."

she did so.

I wound the silk rope up her wrists, binding them together in the classic
Japanese shibari style Paul likes so much.  I looked over to Him.  He nodded and
smiled.  kate was watching intently.  I turned My attention back to dominique.

"Keep your hands straight up over your head."

she nodded.

I leaned down and picked up her collar from the floor behind her.

I reached around in front of her and dangled it in front of her face.

"Do not speak,"  I hissed in her ear.

she nodded almost imperceptibly. 

"This is your collar... "

I dropped it in front of her and continued.

"It is a symbol dominique..."

I unclipped My crop from My belt.

"Fifteen months ago W/we began this journey T/together...  The collar I placed
around your neck signified the beginning of  'U/us'...  you were to respect ME
by respecting IT..."

I punctuated each point with a slap of the crop against My calf. 

"The collar tells you you are different..."  Slap.  "It tells you you are
Mine..."  Slap.  "And it tells you you are Owned."  Slap.

I began to slowly walk around her. 

"With the acceptance of My collar, you chose to place the gift of your
submission in My hands."

I stopped in front of her.  she kept her head bowed, arms straight up and
steady.

"By your actions you have placed your submission to Me in jeopardy..."

I started walking around her again.  I heard her exhale.

"I will NOT..." 

Pop! Outside of her left thigh.  she flinched and gasped.

"...tolerate your begrudging acceptance of My will."

"I will NOT.."

Pop! Top of her left buttock.  her arms swayed a little and her hands made a
small circle above her head.

"...accept anything less than your unerring desire to please Me..."

I will NOT..."

Pop!  Top of right buttock. 

"...accept your judgment on what you will or won't confess to Me..."

"...I EXPECT..."

Pop!  Right thigh.

"... you to let ME decide what is important to confess, and what is not."  I
stopped walking.

"...I WANT..."

Pop!  Right thigh again!  she gasped.

"... you to accept your place with Me..."

Pop!  Right thigh again.  her arms shook a little.

"Honestly..."  Pop! Again.  "Fully..."  Pop!  "Openly..." Pop!  her arms were
shaking with the need to drop them.

I walked in front of her and stopped again.  I mustered My most menacing tone. 
It wasn't difficult.

"...you know very well what is expected of you."

I turned and faced her.

"you may answer if I ask you a question.  Do you understand?"

"Yes Sir..." she whispered.

"Louder."

"Yes Sir!"

"you have been slipping haven't you dominique?"

her shoulders shuddered in another stifled sob.  she cleared her throat.  she
steadied her arms overhead.

"Yes Sir."

"...and you have been thinking inappropriate thoughts, correct?"

"Yes Sir.  my confessi..."  I slapped her face.  kate gasped.

"Shut up you stupid SLUT!  Even when you are being punished you can't do as you
are told can you?"

"No Sir,"  her voice came in a tremor.  her arms visibly shaking with effort
now.

"you have been coveting the attentions of Paul haven't you dominique?"

"Yes Sir," she whispered.

"Louder."

"Yes Sir."

"you felt sick with jealousy didn't you..."

"Yes Sir."

"...and you wished you could have slapped kate back didn't you..."

"Yes i did Sir..."

"Put your arms down."

she did and sighed in relief.

"Kneel tall.  Spread your legs."

she did.

"Pick up your collar in both hands."

she did.

"Hold it out from you with your elbows by your sides at ninety degree angles."

she did so.

"Up a little."  I tapped her hands with the crop.  "Don't drop it dominique."

"No Sir."

I walked away from her over to the side table.

"kate come here."

kate stood up and padded sensuously over to Me and knelt at My feet.  she had
removed her high heels.

"How may i be of service Sir?"  she asked softly, her voice carrying across the
room.

"Take these nipple clamps and put them on each of dominique's nipples.  Nice and
tight."  I handed her the clamps.

"Yes Sir," she replied and smiled.

kate crawled the few paces over to dominique and knelt on the backs of her
heels.  she was lower than dominique and looked up into her downcast face.  she
whispered something to dominique.

"Do not speak privately to the stupid slut kate."

"Sorry Sir."

"Call her a stupid slut kate."

"you are a stupid slut dominique,"  she whispered.

"I want to hear some fucking venom kate!  Now speak to her like she was stealing
your Dom or I will do to you what I had planned for her!  Spit in her fucking
face!"

I watched as kate seemed to remember why she was here.  she pursed her lips and
spat in dominique's face.  dominique didn't even flinch.

"you stupid little cunt.  do you really think you could satisfy two Dominant
Men?"

she slapped dominique's right breast. 

"...Maybe in your wildest fucking dreams you stupid bitch..."  kate opened the
jaws of the nipple clamp and pinched dominique's nipple to hardness.  "Yes,
that's right you dirty little slut, your hard nipples give you away don't
they...  oh poor thing... do you miss being Miss Goldengirl?  Do you miss being
the girl holding all the aces?"  dominique gasped as the jaws closed and her
nipple was caught between.  "Yes... go on... cry you dumb fucking cunt... cry
for what you are leaving behind..."  kate twisted the adjustment on the clamp. 
dominique's jaw dropped but she remained silent.

"Good girl kate.  Other one."  I was pleased.  kate was good.  I could use her. 

kate leaned down and sucked dominique's other nipple into her mouth.   she sat
back up and twisted it harshly and continued.

"Yeah that's right.  Nice hard little nipple to bite and bruise... mmmm..."  she
leaned down and bit at dominique's nipple.

dominique gasped.

"Apply the clamp kate."

she bolted upright.

"Yes Sir."

she pinched dominique's nipple once more then closed the jaws of the clamp
around it.

"Ugh," dominique protested softly.

"sshhh," said kate. 

I smiled and waved her away.


_____________________________________________________


When my Master called kate over i reminded myself of my promise.  "This is what
He wants.  This is what i deserve."

i held onto the thought.

kate leaned into me as she applied the first clamp.

"i am loving this you know..."

"Do not speak privately to the stupid slut kate."

"Sorry Sir."

"Call her a stupid slut kate."

"you are a stupid slut dominique,"  she smiled at me.

i clenched my pussy...  i was starting to feel hot.

Clamps on my nipples are one of my weaknesses.  Andrew knows this.  Even as a
punishment, the lines readily blur. 

i held my collar tightly in front of me.  i looked at my knuckles.  They were
white.  my nipples burned with pain.  i remembered to breathe. 

kate spat in my face.

i closed my eyes for a moment.  i made a promise to myself...  i would not
complain.  i would not hesitate.  i would do anything.  Take anything.  i can do
it...  i want it...  i need it...

"dominique..."  my Master called to me.

Remembering i was to be silent i looked up at Him.  kate was gone.

"dominique... I am going to teach you a lesson in humility now...  do you
understand?"

"Yes Sir."

He turned to O/our guests.

"Paul... if You would come here please..."

i dropped my gaze to the floor once more.  my god.  Paul.  What must He think of
me? 

i listened as Paul's footsteps approached.  i didn't dare look at Him.

Andrew spoke.

"Paul... look down on My submissive... tell Me what you see..."

The silence roared.  my nipples ached.

The warm timbre of Paul's voice soothed my ears.  But not His words...

"I see a woman caught.  Caught between being the slut she wants to be and the
slut she is.  I see a submissive woman certainly.  I also see an attractive,
sexy woman...  I see ...a good fuck."

A good fuck.

Nothing more.

His words cut me to the core.

"You feel nothing more for dominique, Paul..."

"she is Your submissive Andrew.  I care for her BECAUSE she is Yours My Friend."

"Thankyou Paul."

"You are welcome Andrew."

"Stay here."

"Sure."

"Look at Me dominique..."

i looked up at Him...  i couldn't look at Paul...

"you understand Paul feels nothing for you."  He continued to look at Me
sternly.

"Yes Sir."

"There is nothing there.  He enjoys fucking you.  That is all."

"Yes Sir."  Damn my stupid fucking imagination.

"Suck His cock."

i swallowed and moved forward on my knees. 

i had seen this done before... no hands.  In my hands i tightly held my collar
and i was clearly only able to use my mouth to free Him from His jeans.  my mind
flooded with images of gigi doing this very same thing up at Dean's cabin.  How
i had envied her...

With my nose i pushed aside the flap of material covering His zip and with my
tongue prised up the catch and took it between my teeth.  i drew it down slowly
and carefully.  i also used my teeth to undo the button at His waist and was
quite pleased with myself for being able to do it.

"I can't believe how slow you are,"  Andrew  chastised.

i craned my neck around each side of Paul gripping the waist of His jeans in my
teeth and dragging downwards.  On my third tug His half-hard cock popped free
and swayed before my eyes.  i smiled in relief.

"I see you are looking forward to sucking Paul's cock pet.  Well let's make a
game of it then.  kate come over here."

i heard kate's footsteps approaching once more.  i continued to eye off Paul's
cock while Andrew spoke.  God i was hardly even listening.  i licked my lips.  i
inhaled the heady male scent.  i looked up into Paul's pale blue eyes.  i
couldn't help but smile.

"kate you will paddle dominique until she has Paul's cock fully sucked down, do
you understand?"

"Yes Sir," she replied.

"I will nod each time you are to swing the paddle.  Go and get it from the
wall."

kate left my view and Paul's beautiful cock twitched in front of me.  my mouth
was watering and i swallowed again. 

"Stand there kate.. that's right like that... now swing the paddle back and
forth..."  i felt the air movement over my ass as kate practiced.

"...Yes that will be fine.  Now dominique you may begin."

my Master must have nodded to kate at that very moment.  i was reaching my open
mouth forward to catch the end of Paul's cock between my lips when there was a
CRACK! and i was pushed suddenly forward into His crotch. 

"Uugghhh!!"  i moaned.

"Suck His cock!"

i turned my face and quickly took the smooth hot spongy head of Paul's cock into
my mouth and brought my head back and straightened myself to plunge onto it.  I
looked down the length of it and swallowed once.  Paul's cock is very thick.

CRACK!

The paddle drove into my ass cheeks again and shoved me forward.  i blinked and
found myself half way down Paul's cock.  i tried to relax my throat and...

CRACK!

Strange how i hardly even felt the first strike.  It was more of a shock than
anything else.  The second one burned.  The initial pain was similar to a
needle,  only it was a thousand needles all over my ass.  Then my ass just
burned hot and throbbed.  i tried to concentrate on the warm and hard cock
sliding back and forth in my mouth. 

my Master had taken hold of one of my shoulders to stop me from impaling my face
on Paul as kate paddled me again.

CRACK! 

"Uughhh!!"

i sucked with all my strength.  i was trying to push forward, choking and
drawing back.  Fighting my Master's strength.

CRACK!

my Master was drawing out the paddling.  Drool was seeping from my mouth when i
coughed.

CRACK!!

i had to do this NOW!  i shoved myself forward.  my throat convulsing as Paul's
cock embedded itself. 

"Hold her there."

Paul's hands went around my head.

"Three for taking so long..."

CRACK! 

"Urrggllkk!"

CRACK!!

"Ughhh."

CRACK!!!

"Uugg."

"Alright that's enough." 

Paul's hands gripped my hair and slid my throat and then my mouth right off Him. 
His cock shone proud and strong in front of me. It was throbbing and i could
hardly tear my eyes from it.  i felt dizzy and my ass felt like i would not be
sitting on it for a week.  i felt spit hanging from my chin.

"Hand Me your collar."

i gave it to Him.  He swung it on the end of His finger.

"W/we shall see if you can earn this back."

i nodded.  i can do this.


_______________________________________________________


dominique had done well.  she had taken a paddling that i would have been proud
to administer.  I doubt whether kate could have swung that paddle much harder. 
I thanked her and took the paddle from her hands.  I pointed into a corner of
the room for her to kneel and wait.  I turned my attention back to dominique.

"Look at Paul,"  I said.

she did so.

"Tell Him you are nothing but a jealous little cocksucking slut."

her mouth opened and for a moment nothing came out.

"What's wrong dominique?  Giving up already?"

her eyes teared up again but she didn't cry.  she kept looking at Paul.

"This girl is nothing but a jealous little cocksucking slut Sir."

"I know dominique,"  He smiled.  "...and how do you think I know?"

"she don't know Sir."  she sniffed.

"Because Andrew and I noticed you had an unhealthy interest in Me some time ago. 
We have discussed it dominique."

dominique's gaze dropped.  I chided her.

"Keep looking at Paul you stupid slut.  you can't do anything right can you?"

she looked back up at Paul, brushing a tear from her cheek.

"No Sir.  i am a terrible sub Sir."

I almost slapped her face to prove it.

"I will decide if you are a terrible sub dominique.  Do not try to elicit
sympathy, it will double your punishment."  she gasped. 

I continued,  "tell her Paul..."

"dominique... I have no interest in you beyond Andrew's best interests.  I enjoy
using you and helping Him keep you, shall We say, in 'good condition'.  Andrew
is My best Friend dominique.  We grew up Together and We discovered this Life
Together.   No sub will ever change that.  I have no feelings for you beyond
these."

dominique pouted and I reached out quickly and snatched a handful of her hair. 
I dragged her over to the training table.  she didn't say a word.  she may have
whimpered,  I didn't really notice. 

"kate come over here." 

kate stood and walked over from her corner of the room.

"Strap her down to the table."

"Yes Sir," she replied, eyes sparkling again.

she set about her task.  I put My arm around Paul's shoulder and steered Him
towards the margueritas.  Or did He steer Me?  I don't remember. But I remember
what I said.

"Thankyou Paul."

"Don't mention it, Andrew."

I poured two margueritas and passed Him one.

"Cheers." 


_______________________________________________________


kate was behind me.  i was looking over my right shoulder and down the slope of
my back at her.  The training table surface is about eighteen inches off the
floor.  it is covered with soft plush black leather and had eight slots in its
surface, through which eight sets of small leather straps and buckles emerge. 
kate had pulled it into the centre of the room before swatting my ass to get me
up on it.

"Slide this onto her cunt,"  Andrew told kate.

i was positioned as i had been once before on this table.  On hands and knees. 
Well... elbows and knees.  kate had done a very good job strapping me down.  she
seemed to take particular delight in pushing my knees as widely apart as the
slots would allow before locking them in place under the table.  i could move
forward and backward but all other movement was very limited.

The pain in my nipples had ebbed to a dull ache i could almost ignore.  my
throat felt a bit sore.  Shamefully i was excited.  kate kept running her
fingertips and nails over my body and cooing in my ears as she strapped me down. 
she caressed my skin lightly in between tightening each strap.  Once gently up
and down the length of my left calf.  And when both legs were strapped down very
widely she smoothed over my ass with her soft warm palm and told me i looked
beautiful.

i closed my eyes and bathed in the sensations.

Andrew's voice roused me from the delicious feelings.

"you don't have to be gentle.  she is clearly very wet."

"Yes clearly Sir,"  answered kate, "shall i clean her up for you Sir?"

"Just insert the egg for now."

"Yes Sir."

I was looking over my shoulder at kate who was leaning with one knee on the edge
of the table.  she steadied her hand by resting it on the top of my ass.  she
teased the pucker of my asshole with her thumb.  she did it on purpose.  i
shuddered a little.  she pressed her fingertips to my lips and using her nails
she parted them.  It felt nice.  i felt my body start to blush.  I was looking
at kate's face.  she was rapt in what she was doing and was staring at my pussy.

she looked right at me and winked.  i felt her push two fingers right up inside
me.

i gasped and i ground back against her fingers! 

I couldn't help it.  i felt her fingers flex inside me and her gaze returned to
my exposed pussy.

"God she is so wet i can hardly believe it Sir."

"you could have just pushed the egg in kate."

"But this is much more fun Sir, don't you agree?"

Paul chuckled from across the room.  i turned around the other way to look at
Him.  He was sipping from His marguerita. 

"she has a pretty cunt that is true,"  He offered, looking right at me. 

i groaned and clenched as kate's slim fingers slid smoothly around in my pussy. 
my face felt like it was aflame.  i was starting to get very worked up.  T/they
were talking about me like i was meat. 

"she has a nice tight wet cunt Sir..."

i was starting to rock back and forth.

"That's enough kate..."

"Oh but Sirrr, i want to see her cummmmm..."  she mock whined and kept sliding
her fingers in and out of me.

i was starting to get sparkles down my spine shooting to my crotch and making me
shake.  If she didn't stop soon i was going to...

"I told you to stop that you stupid little slut!"

kate's fingers pulled suddenly free and i looked around at my Master.  He was
bending over, holding kate by the hair. He was speaking right into her face

"you'll do what I tell you, when I tell you, won't you?!"

"Ooowww yes alright yesss!"  i opened my mouth in surprise and watched aghast as
my Master struck kate across the face.

"Just like dominique aren't you!"

Paul laughed nervously.  i quickly looked around at Him.  His eyes met mine and
He shrugged and turned His attention back to Andrew and kate.  so did i.

Andrew dragged kate by the hair the two steps over to the toy-box and told her
not to move.  He rummaged a moment and pulled out the cock gag, holding it up in
front of kate's eyes.

"For you, potty mouth!"

Andrew held kate by the hair on the top of her head and forced her head back
making her cry out.  He roughly pushed the cockgag into her mouth all the way. 
she gurgled and the gag made a glick glick sound as it was pushed into her
throat.  her eyes blazed with... what was it?  Excitement? Andrew buckled the
strap behind her head. 

"Go and get rid of that dress before I rip it off you, potty mouth."

kate's eyes told the story as she stood and walked over to Paul.  i had to swing
my head around the other way again to see what she was doing. Paul took the hem
of the dress in His hands and drew it up her body.  kate stood there squeezing
her breasts in her clenched fists and almost doubled over trying to rub her
thighs together.

"Paul come over here My Friend..."

"Sure Andrew."

Paul put down His glass and came over to stand behind me next to Andrew.  At
that very moment a well lubed butt plug was pushed up my ass.  i groaned and
trembled with the pain.  i gradually adjusted to the fullness and my breath
whooshed out of me.  i didn't realise i had been holding it.. 

i knew i was about to get more.

"Paul... bring kate over here."

"kate come here."

she scrambled over on her knees.

"Stand up and make her eat your cunt pet."

she nodded, eyes positively bugging out.

she was just taking hold of my hair when i felt that damned egg-shaped thing
getting pushed back up my pussy.  No hesitation, it was turned on immediately
and kate pulled my mouth into her musky wetness.  she too was shaved and my face
slid deliciously all over her slightly sweaty abdomen, my mouth being dragged
all over her wet pussy.

"Turn her head to Me kate."

she pulled me free of her and steered my head around by my hair.

i looked at my Master and He held the clicker in His hand.  He clicked it and
laughed and sat back looking at me, drinking His marguerita.  i groaned and was
cut off by kate's cunt mashing into my face again.  Pressing hard against my
lips.  God.  she was fucking my face!  my pussy was ablaze with vibrations as my
Master pressed and released a turbo button or something on the clicker.  It sent
waves of shakes and shivers through my body only to rebound and head straight
back to my crotch.

Just when i thought i might cum i heard Andrew's voice.

"Now Paul NOW!"

A muffled thump hit my ass as Paul's first half-hearted swing of a flogger hit
me.  But in a moment He had His rhythm.  Oh god yes.  Swish swish went the
flogger in the air, the most delicious of feelings... warming me to the core,
flicking against my most tender of flesh...  minute explosions of pleasurable
pain...  Up and down my ass, flicking the lips of my pussy...  Andrew turning up
the clicker...  flashes of tiny lights behind my closed eyelids... kate riding
her clit up and down my nose... her juices running down my chin.

she held my hair so tight i felt ...safe.  i wasn't going anywhere.  i was where
i wanted to be.  i was being enjoyed.  And enjoying every moment of it.  i was
home.  i came so so hard.




Chapter 9

i felt hot, almost feverish, but my sweat was cooling on my skin.  Like i just
walked out of a sauna.  Only i wasn't going anywhere.  i was strapped down on
elbows and knees.  my mouth was closed and i was breathing hard through my nose.

my senses slowly reawakened and i realised the left side of my face was stuck to
the soft leather of the training table with my sweat.  i blinked my eyes to
focus them.  It was very quiet.  i lifted my head and smiled as my face peeled
off the leather.  The memory of sultry humid summers skittered though my hazy
mind.   i put my head back down.  Keeping it held up was too much effort.  i
sighed.

"Just relax pet..."  It was Andrew, my Master.

my body jerked slightly when i felt His hand on my ass.  my ass was still hot
from Paul's particular brand of flogging.  i felt the whole of Andrew's hand
against my skin as if for the first time.  my skin was so sensitive.  So alive
with hot tingles.  Then His hand began to move.  It slid smoothly across the
skin of my oiled and flogged ass.  i think He was feeling the extent of the
welts there.  All i know is it felt delicious.  His hand became my world.

Andrew has large hands.  Large and yet not meaty.  Sinuous.  Long fingered and
yet perfectly proportioned.  When i measure my hand up against His i am amazed
each time by the difference of the size of them.  They are almost exactly twice
the size of mine.  i like to examine them and kiss them, they are so beautiful. 
i sometimes smile to myself because i think He would make a good 'hand model'. 
Like in commercials.  But i wouldn't tell Him that.

"Mmmmmm..." was all i could say.

His hand slid so smoothly and effortlessly over the cooling yet still hot skin
of my ass.  The skin of his whole hand and each finger constantly in contact
with me.  It felt as though each of  His fingers was spread slightly apart from
the next.  His touch was soft and gentle, but with a purpose. 

i sighed again in utter bliss as His hand moved in a large circular shape around
and around my ass.  His fingers occasionally dragged over the edges of the butt
plug embedded in me.  my cunt fluttered around the inert egg inside me each time
He did it.  i found myself rocking ever so slightly with the motion of His hand. 

Every now and again He would change the motion from a large circular shape
around my whole ass to a figure eight motion that brought His fingers
maddeningly close to my pussy.  Or He would break finger contact to glide a
minute distance above it,  so close i could feel the air move with the motion. 
The skin of my ass might have been cooling, but my cunt was not.  i could feel
myself spasmodically gripping that damned egg with each pass of His hand.

Round and around and around.  All i could think of was His hand.  His large warm
smooth hand caressing me and making everything that mattered come into focus. 
And what mattered was His touch.  i would do anything for His touch.  i just
wanted Him to keep touching.  Yes like that yes more mmmmm oh that feels so
wonderful mmm oooohhhhh mmmmmmmm You are sooo teasing me Master mmmmmm  oh goddd
that was so close please please just touch me there mmmmm yes oh no stop teasing
me stop oohhh goddd so close please touch me please touch me touch me touch my
cunt touch it feel me feel how wet You make me ohhh what are You doing  ohh Sir
more oillll oh mmm warm oil sprayed over my ass dripping down over me mmmm Your
hand again mmmmm ohhhhhhh jessussss yesss touch me there ohhh mooorrrrreeee ohh
noooo don't just touch me please morreee move them ahhh what ahhhh please ohhhh
Sirrr the plug it's tighttt  ohhh noooo nooooo don't tell me that it will hurt
ahh fingers ohh sliding in a little ohhh nooo Sirrr don't pull it out fassttt
ohhhHH.....

Pop!

"OhhHH  JESUS!  FUCK!!"

SLAP!  

"Ooohhhmmmmmm...."  i shuddered hard.

"Do not fucking speak!"

SLAP!  Square in the middle of my right ass cheek.

SLAP!  Left cheek.

"OOOooohhh..."

"And anyway... Who said you could cum, slut?"

SLAP!

"AAHhhhhh..."

"Listen to Me you stupid whore!"  i lifted my head quickly and my face peeled
off the leather again. i looked at Him imploringly.

SLAP!

"Oooooohhhhh..."

SLAP!

"Nnnmmmmm..." i bit my lip.

"Are you listening!" 

"Ye... yes Sirrr..."  i managed.

"... I was just wondering..."

SLAP!

"Mnnnnnnnn..."

"I was just wondering, Who gave you permission to cum dominique?"  His eyes were
blazing.

SLAP!

"Uugghhh.... oh...oh dear... i..."

SLAP!

"i'm sorry Sir... i ... i.. didn't mean to...  i mean i ..."

SLAP!

"Uughhh..."

SLAP!

"Ooohhhh Sir... oohhhhhh..."

"Stupid fucking slut..."

SLAP!

"Oohhhhh..."

SLAP!

"Uuugghhhh..."

He stopped.  He straightened up and moved out of my line of sight.  He was
headed for the toy box area.  i brought my head back down until my forehead
rested on the soft leather.  my body trembled with need and adrenaline.  my ass
was at least as hot as it was before.  i closed my eyes and saw shooting stars
across the inside of my eyelids. 

Perspiration and oil dripped down the skin of my arms and legs.  When i moved,
my elbows slipped a little and the straps tightened. i tried to relax.  my
bowels felt so vacant.  The hole was as hot as the rest of my ass.

God i didn't even think about trying not to cum...  i mean it's not a rule, as i
know it is with some Dom/mes and subs, unless Andrew demands it.  But i guess
given the circumstances, i really should have tried to show *some* self-control. 
i was just glad that the egg was turned off.  It's a wicked little device, that
egg.  i wondered if i could stop myself from cumming if He turned it on again.

i took a deep breath and let it out slowly. 

my body trembled. 

i wondered how red my ass was.  Then i wondered what Paul and kate were doing. 
i looked around toward the lounge area and couldn't see either of them.  Then i
heard a soft muffled moan from directly behind me.  God.  It was almost more
exciting not knowing what was happening to her.  i smiled to myself.

i dropped the smile when i heard my Master's footsteps approaching...


_______________________________________________________


"Alright... it's time," I thought to Myself as I looked down into the toy box
and massaged My temples with My fingertips.  Just how far did I want to go?  Oh
I've tested her before.  In fact I have tested her many times.  Rolled back her
limits.  I've taken dominique to places she had never dreamed about. 

dominique is well aware of her 'rights'.  she can stop whatever I am doing, at
any time, by saying the word 'red'.  she knows this.  she is regularly reminded
of it.  But she has never used her safe word.  she has protested.  she has
complained.  she has even moaned in pain.  But she has not said 'red'. 

Does that make Me a good Master, or a bad Master?  Should One explore limits, or
run up against them?  Obviously it depends on whether One is 'playing' or
'punishing'.  And on what One wants in a Dom/sub relationship.  It also depends
on how quickly One reaches a submissive's limit.  'Timing is everything'...

Have I 'tried' to make her use her safe word?  No, I must admit I have not.  Not
in the sense of 'trying' to find exactly where her limits are.  I have always
been mindful of her inexperience.  Of her innocence.  A paternalistic
protectiveness perhaps.  I have pushed her though.  But never right to the edge. 
I've never pushed too hard. 

Well... it was time to see just how much dominique was prepared to suffer for
her transgressions.  I looked up at the wall and scanned the various choices I
had.  I made up My mind.

It was time to push too hard.


_______________________________________________________



When i heard my Master's footsteps, i swung my head around to see Him, and His
piercing eyes caught mine.  i could not tear my gaze from Them.  The look in His
eyes was one of sheer determination, of such concentrated conviction, that i
almost gasped as i drew breath.

Without looking down to His hands, i knew He was holding things.  i was afraid
to tear my eyes from His.  i was getting scared.  i moaned softly as i exhaled. 
The skin down my arms prickled. 

"Paul, can You give Me a hand here?" my Master asked.

"Sure," came Paul's reply and His footsteps approached me.

"Can you grab the spreader bar and handcuffs from over there please?" 

There was no answer, but i saw Paul come into my view as He strode over to the
toy box area and retrieved Andrew's requests. 

"You can put them over there,"  He said, pointing toward the whipping post. 

Paul then came back over towards me and walked around to my left side.

"Let's get her off here.  And You can take off her nipple clamps.  she will get
a nice reminder of what is to come when You remove them."

Oh the nipple clamps.  my nipples were so numb i hadn't even thought about them. 
Oh god.  i braced myself as Paul's hands came around my body, one on each side. 
i gritted my teeth in anticipation.  He squeezed His hands gently around my
breasts and He whispered.

"Both at once, nice and quick."

i was thankful i was still strapped down.  my back arched as the clamps were
removed.  i hissed between my teeth as the pain flooded outward from my nipples
and through my breasts.  It felt like every muscle in my body became taut as i
kept gritting my teeth.  It seemed like an eternity before the pain started to
subside and my need to breathe took over.  i panted as the pain ebbed away. 

i was being lifted from the training table.  i hadn't even felt the straps come
loose.  i found my feet and my Master turned me toward Him.  His strong hands
were around my shoulders.  Paul was behind me.

"I am going to prepare you for your punishment now dominique.  Do you
understand?"

i nodded.

"Speak when you are asked a question dominique."

i found my voice.

"Yes Sir."

"Kneel."

i knelt and saw kate.  my jaw dropped.

"Look up at Me pet."

i looked up at Andrew.

"I have been thinking dominique, and I have changed My mind about something. 
Earlier today I denied you the right to use your safe word for the duration of
this punishment.  you know what I am talking about don't you..." 

"Yes Sir," i nodded, "i couldn't say 'red'."  my eyes flicked over to kate
again.  my god.

"That's right... well, I am going to allow you use of your safe word if you
think it is necessary."

"Thank You Sir."  i chewed my lip.  He moved closer to me.  i concentrated.  i
was looking almost straight up at Him.

"Pay attention.  Bracelets pet."

This was a common command.  i bowed my head and raised my arms up, bringing my
elbows almost together, palms at the ceiling, fingers toward my Master.

"Good girl."

my breathing noticeably quickened as He closed the ratchet of one handcuff
around my left wrist.  my heart was beating in my ears.

"you should not be so quick to thank Me pet... I am going to MAKE you use it. 
Do you understand?  MAKE you.  I am going to punish you UNTIL you say 'red'.  Am
I making Myself clear?"

"Y.. yes Sir." 

i was on my knees and He dragged me by my handcuffed wrist over to the whipping
post.  i tried to keep up.

"When you say 'red' your punishment will be deemed complete.  Do you
understand?"

"Y.. yes Sir, this girl understands Sir."  i caught my breath.

"Hug the post."  i did so while i knelt.

i wrapped my arms around it. my Master moved around to the opposite side of the
post and fixed my handcuffs through one of the u-bolts that hung from each of
the eye-bolts embedded in the post.  The one He used was at the height of His
waist.  He closed the ratchet on my right wrist.

"dominique...  your punishment WILL suit your crimes.  YOU will determine when
that is.  And WHEN you choose to call a halt, I will either be pleased, or
displeased.  I would suggest you try to please Me... do you understand?"

i turned my face up to Him and looked Him right in the eyes.  i set my jaw.  

"This girl understands Sir,  and she will make You proud."



_______________________________________________________


Funny how W/we can sometimes miss the most important moments in O/our lives. 
The memory moments.  It is often not until much later that it occurs to U/us
that something important happened at that very moment.  But what W/we do get, is
a 'lasting impression'.  What I saw at that very moment would become 'My lasting
impression'.

I looked down on dominique.  Her lithe frame and tanned skin reflected flickers
of candlelight in the darkened room.  she had tossed her long black hair over
one shoulder and had turned her face sideways.  Some strands had stuck across
her forehead.  her head was against the post,  her chin resting on her shoulder. 
she had a determined look in her eyes. 

"This girl understands Sir,  and she will make You proud."

W/we were both distracted by another moan from kate.  dominique's eyes focused. 
her mouth opened in apparent disbelief as kate moaned and shuddered once again. 
I shook My head knowingly.  Paul had just about outdone Himself.  kate was
certainly a sight!

Earlier Paul had flogged dominique while kate rode her tongue.  But  He knew
instinctively that I had no further need for kate.  He had led her a few steps
away and behind dominique,  to keep from distracting My slut.  He then proceeded
to tie kate in a tight and interesting kneeling bind.  Paul is a Shibari expert
and there is no end to the combinations and ties He has in His repertoire.  I
hadn't seen this one before, and it certainly was special. 

I could see why kate had dominique's attention.

she had knelt on the floor with the cock gag still in place.  Paul told her to
grip it with her teeth as He threaded the nipple clamp chain through the loop of
nylon string that was attached to the end of the gag.   she was not to let go of
the gag.  He pinched her nipples to firmness then bent her head down and pushed
up each breast.  she immediately moaned and started breathing hard through her
nose as each clamp was attached to her nipples.  Paul then dropped a blindfold
over her watery eyes. 

He worked very quickly and tied kate's elbows together behind her.  He then
encased her down to her wrists with rope.  He had passed this rope between her
legs from behind and the lips of her pussy bulged around a large knot He had
tied where the rope re-emerged.  The rope then shot almost straight up, just a
bit out in front of her and passed through a pulley on a track attached to the
ceiling above her.  He then threaded it through another pulley six feet above
and behind her, then back down.  He tied off the end of the rope into the back
end of her blindfold, the result causing any movement of her head to painfully
tug on her nipples, or the knot being moved back and forth between the lips of
her pussy.  The coup de grace though was the buckling of the butterfly vibrator
over her clitoral region, behind the rope.  He had switched it on and was
sitting and relaxing on the lounge, sipping His marguerita and watching.

I had lost count of the number of times kate had cum.  her body was dripping
with sweat and she was almost constantly shuddering.  I was not surprised
dominique was amazed.  So was I.  W/we both watched as kate shuddered anew and
moaned out another muffled orgasm.  I pulled My t-shirt up over My head and off. 
I threw it on the floor.  It was getting hotter.

I looked down on dominique and smiled as she slowly shook her head in wonder.  I
decided to let her watch, while I moved around to her feet to attach the
spreader bar. 

I buckled each end of the bar just above her delicate ankles.  I arranged her
like a ragdoll.  Lifting and placing each leg, knee and ankle just so.  I
decided I had had My fun with the egg and reached up, brushing My fingers down
over her pussy from behind.

she moaned softly as I did it but I wasn't in the mood to pleasure her.  I took
hold of the nylon drawstring and drew it out slowly.  I wrapped it in My t-shirt
and placed it on the floor behind Me.  I then brought My wet fingers up to My
mouth and savoured her flavour.  In a moment I took both hands and placed Them
on each cheek of her ass.  I massaged her firmly, feeling the warmth of her skin
and leaned down to kiss the upturned cheek of her ass.  My god, her skin was so
smooth and warm, it was an effort not to use her right then and there.

I shook My head and remembered where I was.  I turned around and picked up the
egg, I stood up and walked around beside her again, trailing My fingers along
her flank as I did.

"Look at Me dominique..."

she did.

"Push your ass out a bit more... arch your back..."

she did.

"Good girl."

she looked amazing herself...


_______________________________________________________


i shifted slightly on my knees to steady myself.  i think it was worse
knowing...  knowing i would be taken right to my limit.  Knowing Andrew would
not stop, and would increase my punishment in intensity, until i stopped Him. 
And i was to only to stop Him when i could take no more.

i wondered if kate had ever been taken to her limit.  her body convulsed once
more and i wondered how much more she could take.  Then i wondered how she could
possibly tell Paul if she had had enough.  my eyes focused and i realised the
straps of the cock gag were hanging loosely from its edges.  she was holding it
with her teeth!

"Look at Me dominique..."

Oh god. 

i did.

"Push your ass out a bit more... arch your back..."

i did.

"Good girl."

i chewed at my bottom lip.  i glanced down at Andrew's hands.  He held a whip in
each of Them.

Oh god.

Andrew was taking His time.  At that moment, i just wanted to be through this. 
He was swishing His blonde Horsehair Whip with the black braided leather handle
back and forth in His right hand.  He spoke evenly and almost without emotion. 

"dominique.... in My hands I have the two whips you have tasted before...  I
will begin with the Horsehair, and then move to the Cat.  you should know that
once I begin with the Cat, I will not return to the Horsehair.  As you know from
previous sessions, both of these whips can be used gently to induce the desired
response..."

God.  Gently?  i shuddered as i saw Andrew in my imagination, taking lusty full
swings at my ass with the Cat.  A trickle of perspiration ran into my eyebrow
and dropped off, passing in front of my left eye.

"But W/we are not here for a play session dominique.  I am not going to fuck
around with you.  Prepare to receive your punishment."

i shifted my knees again, trying to get comfortable.  i was spread out and so
vulnerable.  i spread the weight of my body between my knees and my arms,
hanging though they were, from the handcuffs.  They pinched, but i hoped it
might distract me.

Swish, swish swish.

Fap.

Oh noooo.  He was starting too softly.  i wasn't ready for this.

Swish swish Fap!

Ohhhh.  Noooo.  Not fair... i don't want to be turned on.. i don't want to be...

Swish Fap!

i dropped my head between my arms.  i closed my eyes.  i felt like i was
floating.

Swish Fap!  Swish Fap!  Swish Fap!

i bit my lip harder.  i was NOT going to moan!

Swish FAP!  mmmmmmm.

Swish FAP!!  Ohhhh.  That was harder!

Swish FAP!!  Goddd!  i turned my face up to Andrew just as He struck me again.

Swish FAP!!!

"Ohhhh!"

"Shut up."

Swish FAP!!!

"I haven't even fucking started!"

Swish FAP!!!

i chewed my lip harder, determined to look Him in the eye.

Swish FAP!!!

Then it stopped.

Andrew was breathing hard.  He gazed at me intently.  Demandingly.  He stood
over me and His chest was bare.  He had removed His t-shirt.  His muscles
rippled.  i imagined i could see the blood pumping in the veins in His neck. 
God He was so beautiful.  His face was a study in concentration.  i wished i
could paint.  i would have painted Him.  To me,  He was a masterpiece.  Even in
His most intense moments, when His anger or displeasure was directed at me,  i
still was a slave to His will.  His skin glistened with effort.  i was so lost. 
And so found.  This was a Man i could honour.  i couldn't believe i was here. 
And i couldn't think of anywhere else i would rather be. 

The pulsing hotness from the base of my shoulder blades to the top of my ass
invaded my thoughts.  Andrew had covered all the skin He wanted to with the
Horsehair.  He threw it behind Him and it clattered and slid across the floor. 
i saw Him change the Cat from His left hand to His right.  i couldn't watch.  i
dropped my head between my arms. 

"Green or red pet?"

"Green!"

Whap!  Top of my ass.

my breath caught in my throat.  i had been here before.  The Cat bit my skin and
i felt my whole body stiffen.  Every muscle.  Every sinew.  This was it.

Whap!  Middle of my back.

Whap!  High on My back.

i gritted my teeth till they hurt.

Whap!

Whap!  Back down again.

"Ahhhh!"

Whap!

"Say it!"

CRACK!

"Noooooo!"

CRACK!!

"SAY IT!"

CRACK!

CRACK!

"GREEEEEEN!!!"

"Stupid..."

CRACK!!

"fucking..."

CRACK!!

"SLUT!"

CRACK!!!

"Uuugghhh..."

CRACK!!!

"AHH!!"

He stopped.  Sweat trickled down my nose.  my hands ached from holding them in
tight fists.  The skin of my back was ablaze with pain.  The sweat there stung. 
The heat... my god my back was so hot.  Every muscle was still held as tight as
a drum.  i wiped my brow against my shoulder.  i started to relax and my muscles
in my thighs started to vibrate.  i suddenly felt very nauseous.  my thighs
started to shudder more.  i fell forward against the post, my hips resting
against the floor.

"Say it,"  He whispered.

i turned my face up to Him, breathing heavily,  with tears of pain in my eyes
and on my cheeks.  Tears of sorrow.  Tears of supplication.

"Say it pet, or I will start again."  His voice had never sounded so soft and
comforting.

"This girl is so sorry Sir...."  i whispered.

"I know possum."

"....red." 

"Good girl."

______________________________________________________


I reached behind the whipping post and uncuffed dominique's hands.  she brought
them up and folded them by her sides, her hands under her chin.  she was laying
on her front, and her head was beside the post. 

In a blink she was asleep.  Or at least she looked like she was asleep.  her
shoulder blades raised and lowered with her deep breathing.  I walked around to
her feet and unbuckled the spreader bar from her ankles and brought her feet
together.  I decided to give her a moment. 

I stood back up and turned and looked at Paul.  He nodded.  I walked over to
where I threw the Horsehair and picked it up.  I replaced in up on the wall.  I
wiped down the Cat with rubbing alcohol and dried it quickly.  I gave it a thin
coat of Dubbin and rubbed it in with My fingers.  I then gave it a light buff
with a soft cloth before replacing it on the wall . 

Paul had taken to His feet and was untying kate.  she had made some sounds but
was soon quiet and curled up on His lap on the lounge.  her head was on His
shoulder and she watched Me intently.  I picked up the ropes Paul had kindly
coiled and replaced them in the toy box.  I spent the next few moments cleaning
and putting away the various items that had been in use over the last couple of
hours.

Returning to dominique I woke her and lifted her to her feet.  I leaned down and
gently put My shoulder to her stomach and wrapped My arm around her thighs and
lifted her in a 'fireman's hold'.  she moaned softly but made no protest. 

"I'll put her in bed."

Paul nodded.

I carried dominique upstairs and lay her on the bed and turned her over onto her
front.  I drew the blinds and went into the bathroom.  I filled a bowl with
lukewarm water and scrubbed My hands with anti-bacterial soap.  I rinsed and
then added the soap to the water and gave it a few rubs.  I put the soap back
and picked up the bowl and a soft cloth and returned to dominique's bedside.

I had broken her skin in a number of places and deep bruises were flaring across
her shoulder blades.  I swallowed and tended her skin, wiping a tear from My eye
silently.  she never made a sound.  I covered her with the bed sheet, turned out
the light and returned to the study.

. . . . . . . . . . .


"Everything ok?"

"she will be fine in a couple of days."

"Good."

I refreshed My drink and sat down across from Paul and kate. 

"Andrew?" Paul asked.

"Yes Paul?"

"I didn't think she had it in her."

"Had what?"

"The desire... the intense desire to please You...  I thought she would have
called a halt much sooner."

"I am not really surprised Paul."

W/we sat in silence for a few minutes.

"May i say something please Master?" kate asked.

"Yes you may kate."

"Andrew Sir, with respect Sir, i think dominique is a very lucky girl..."

"Tell Me why kate..."

"Well Sir,  i think she is lucky because You love her Sir."

"It's pretty obvious Andrew."

I nodded and stifled that rogue tear again.

"I should be with her."

"W/we can lock-up when W/we leave if You like."

"I'd appreciate that."

"Consider it done."

I rose from the lounge.

"Thank you for bearing witness Paul.  And thank you kate."

"Anytime My Friend."

"Always a pleasure to be of service Sir."

And with that I made my way back up to dominique's room.

I lay down beside her caressing her upper arm until I fell asleep Myself...




Author's Note:  It is with great pleasure that I now present the final chapter
in the story of dominique.  her story has been told, and I know she will live on
in the hearts of many.  Keep an eye out, I will be commencing a new story soon.

Chapter 10

Hmmm.  i was disoriented when i woke up, not sure of where i was in the almost
pitch blackness.  i lifted my head slightly and tried to survey my surroundings
through sleepy squinted eyes.  i realised this was O/our bedroom and Andrew was
sleeping peacefully beside me.  i wondered how long i had been sleeping.  i felt
a bit stiff from being on my stomach and i rolled over.  Not a good idea!  i
sharply sucked in my breath through clenched teeth and lifted my shoulders off
the bed.  Memories of last night came flooding back... Andrew, Paul, kate, and
being pushed to my limits and beyond for the first time.  Rolling back onto my
stomach and waiting for the pain from my lashing to subside, i lay awake,
thinking all kinds of things.

The first thing i thought was:  i never want to get lashed like that again.

Once the foggy haze began to lift from my brain, i was able to focus my
thoughts, and began thinking about what last night had taught me...

i will be more considered in the things that i say to people and will gladly do
exactly what is expected of me.  Why i even want to deny myself some of the
pleasures i receive when i am good, i don't know.  But certain things *are*
expected of me and as my Master's submissive i will gladly do them, and not
begrudgingly.  i long to see the pleasure in His eyes that my good behaviour
gives Him.  Because truthfully, it *is* what drives me.  And it *is* why i feel
guilty when my behaviour is not as He expects. 

i will try to curb the excess thinking i do.  Like with Paul.  Whatever
possessed me to think i could capture the hearts of two Dominant males?  my god. 
One is enough for any red-blooded woman.  Two is just downright greedy.  The
pleasures i receive from Paul should be because they please my Master.  Not me. 
The pleasures i get are secondary.

i tucked my arms up under me with my hands under my chin.  In the darkness i
watched Andrew sleep.  Andrew.  my Master.  my beloved Master.  For i do love
Him.  i love who He is and how He is.  i love all the things He has done for me
and the things He will do.  i love that in me He saw the makings of someone
suited to this Life.  i love the rules and the clear cut boundaries.  i love
that when i please Him, i know it.  i know because He smiles His beautiful
crooked smile, and He tells me how well i have done.  i also love that He cares
enough to correct me when i displease Him.  Nothing festers.  Nothing goes on
and on.  No snide comments.  No secrets.  my desire to please Him grows by the
day, by the hour and by the minute.

There was just one thing bothering me.  i yawned and closed my eyes...

Two nights ago it was... 

"I don't give a fuck."

It was hard to get comfortable at first... but eventually i fell back to
sleep...

_______________________________________________________


"dominique..."

I was whispering to her, her face just inches from Mine.

"dominique..."

she was fretting in her sleep.

"dominique... wake up..."

I touched her face gently.

"i don't give a fuck..."

I raised My eyebrows and smiled.

"huh... oh....  oohhh Sir..."

"It's all right."

"Oh Sir... please... "

"shhh... let Me take a look."

I hoisted Myself up into a sitting position beside her.  I picked up the light
sheet over her and drew it down, folding it at the top of her ass, exposing her
back.

I must say I was a little concerned.  The almost olive skin of her back was
mottled with marks.

"It's alright pet... nothing that won't heal in a day or so."

"i just feel a bit stiff  Sir..."

she would be fine.  I remembered what a coach of Mine told Me once, "...it's
only pain."  I don't think he had ever been lashed though.  I smiled wryly at
the thought.

I touched My fingertips to the places where her perfect skin was untouched by My
hand. 

What had I done?

dominique stirred like a cat and stretched.

"Mmmm ...Your fingers feel nice, my Master."

I was looking down at the back of her head, and I reached up to draw her hair
back over her ear.  I leaned down and kissed the edge of that perfect ear, being
careful not to touch her back.

"...dominique?" I whispered once more.

"mmmmm yes Master?"

"you were dreaming..."

"i don't remember Sir..."

"you said something..."  I changed My mind, "W/we will talk about it later."

"Yes Sir."

"How about I make U/us some breakfast?"

"i would take on an army of heathens for some bacon and eggs Sir!" I could hear
the grin in her voice.  she would definitely be all right.

"Then bacon and eggs it is.  Do you want Me to cover you?"

"Actually, Sir, the cool air feels good."

"Okay pet, stay there. I'll bring it up when it's ready."

"Thank You Sir."

I stood and walked toward the door, turning as I reached it.  I looked back at
My dominique,  laying quietly,  arms tucked under her,  black hair aglow under a
shaft of the morning sun streaking through the window above the bed. 

God, she was so much like rachel...

I sighed softly, turned and walked out, making My way to the kitchen...

______________________________________________________


i have a tattoo of a scorpion on my ankle.  Not very imaginative, considering it
is my astrological sign.  It was a present i gave myself when i turned eighteen. 
Something i always wanted.  i thought about that tattoo because that is how my
back felt.  Like i had been tattooed.  Forever marked.  Forever changed.  Sore,
and yet pleased.  i smiled to myself.  i was happy in the strangest way. 

i had deserved my punishment.  i had received it.  i had survived.  i could move
forward now.  A clean slate.  A new beginning.

i love my life.

mmmm i could smell bacon and my tummy rumbled.  i couldn't eat like this.  i had
to sit up.  i got up to my hands and knees and sat back on my heels, kneeling,
looking out the window.  It was a beautiful day and the sun was on my face and
chest.  i had to stretch.  i interlocked my fingers behind my head and pulled
back my elbows.  i slowly arched my back right to its extremity.  The tight skin
over my shoulder blades slowly stretched, as did the skin at the top of my ass. 
mmmmmm it was.... God, so weird.  It felt really good.  i mean, the pain was
there.  But i had accepted that.  And it wasn't THAT bad.  It was like i was...
exercising the pain.  Controlling it.  It was strangely invigorating.  The
images of last night flashed before my eyes.  Something had changed. 

Usually i would be thinking about how incredible it was, the things i had done, 
or the things that had been done to me.  But not today.  Today i was closer to
my skin.  i was happy with myself. 

i felt the warmth of the sun on me.  i let my head fall back so the sun was on
my neck.  my hair dangled down and the ends brushed the top of my ass.  i combed
my fingers through my hair and tossed it back, shaking my head.  As i knelt up
straight my hair was drawn gently up my back, and it tickled.

i closed my eyes and reached up, grasping my nipples and pinching them firmly,
pulling them out from my body and releasing them.

"Mmmmm..."

my eyes sprung open.  "Am i insane?" i thought to myself and giggled.  i fell
onto the bed in fits of laughter, thoughts of my sore back lost as i laughed at
my own folly. 

"dominique?"

Ahh! 

Andrew stood in the doorway, a silver tray in His hands.

"Um," i giggled as i struggled back up to my knees, facing Him, "yes Sir?"

"Are you alright?"

"my Master, i am better than ever!" i gushed, sitting back on my heels and
beaming.


________________________________________________________


I like to cook.  I enjoy it.  It's methodical and satisfying to create a meal. 
O/one plans, O/one provides O/oneself with everything necessary, and O/one
executes.  Simple.  Clear cut.  If only life were so cut and dried.  While
filling the kitchen and the rest of the house with the aroma of  bacon, eggs,
tomato and onions, I reminisced.

rachel loved to cook.  If I closed My eyes I could almost see her.  Hear her. 
Prancing about the kitchen, singing to herself.  Something about her has never
left Me.  The 'what ifs'.  What if that tumour had been discovered, or treated
earlier.  What if I had noticed something...  something sooner... something that
might have given her a chance... 

rachel would have loved dominique.  they could have easily been sisters. 
Similar temperment.  Even a similar look about them, though I had always liked a
short brunette.  I smiled to Myself.  I flipped the bacon and resolved to
introduce dominique to the rachel I knew and loved.  Maybe it would help to
explain a few things.

I wiped My hands on the kitchen towel and walked into the den, pulling a photo
album from the shelf.  I put it under My arm and turned back to the kitchen.  It
had been a long time since I had looked at pictures of rachel.  I had thought I
should stop poring over them.  So I did.  Then along came dominique.  Thanks to
her, most of My leisure time had been very well spent for quite some time now. 

I opened the album on the kitchen bench while I finished the cooking and started
tidying up.  The picture I opened to was of rachel on her knees pointing up at
Me, into the camera.  she was fully clothed in a summer dress.  It was the day I
told her she would be Mine always.  she was smiling and laughing.  I sighed and
closed the album.  "It's time," I thought to Myself.

The experiences dominique and I have shared have been eye opening at the very
least.  W/we have explored scenes beyond what rachel and I had.  she has amused
and excited Me like no other I have been tempted by,  and she has pleased Me
greatly.  Not all the time.  she is not perfect.  Perfection is highly
over-rated anyway.  Striving for perfection... well... that's different. 
dominique does strive.  her desire to please Me is unquestionable.  I just
wonder what she is thinking right now. 

she is probably feeling very sore and sorry for herself,  and for her actions. 
After breakfast I will tend to her back again.  Soothe her.  I owe her that.  I
loaded all the food onto one plate and grabbed a fork and napkin and placed it
all on a tray and made My way to the bedroom, with one small detour.  I grabbed
dominique's collar from the playroom doorknob where Paul had so thoughtfully
left it.  dominique's whipping had proved too great a distraction, and replacing
My collar around dominique's neck took a backseat. 

I placed her collar on the tray next to O/our breakfast, pleased I had
remembered it.  I had tiptoed up the last couple of steps and walked silently
across the landing.  At the door to the bedroom I stood staring at the sight of
dominique in a giggling fit after having been thrashed less that eight hours
before.

I wondered for a moment what was so amusing, before I got caught up in her
revelry. 

"Are you alright?"

"my Master, i am better than ever!" she gushed, sitting back on her heels and
grinning at Me.

"Well, that is certainly a surprise dominique.  And a nice surprise at that. 
Perhaps with some food you will feel yourself even more."

"Mmmmm... yes Sir, i am famished!"

"Okay, but there is one formality to take care of before W/we eat."

"Yes Sir?"

I placed the tray on the bed and picked up dominique's collar.  I smiled and sat
beside her on the bed, reaching up and gently placing it around her neck, and
closing the clasp.

"Mmmm, perfect... wear it with pride dominique."

she ran her fingertips over it and blushed.

"i will always be loathe to remove it Sir."

I leaned into her and kissed her nose.

"C'mon L/let's eat..."

W/we lay curled around the tray feeding each O/other morsels.  Before long
dominique had eaten her fill and was laying on her stomach, wiping her mouth
with the napkin I had brought.  I finished what was left and did the same. 

"There is something I want to share with you dominique."

"Yes Sir?"

"Let Me get rid of this stuff and I will show you."

"Yes Sir."

I returned a few minutes later with the album under one arm.  Why was I so
nervous?  I propped up some pillows at the head of the bed and got comfortable
with My back against them.  dominique got comfortable too, laying beside Me,
elbow bent, propping her head up on her hand, eyes wide and wondering.

"What is this Sir?"

"Hush dominique, all will be revealed."

"Yes Sir."

For the next half hour or so I recounted the various times and places shown in
the photographs.  I described the emotions they evoked.  The plans.  The
holidays.  What happened.  The doctors. The hospitals.  The funeral.  A half
hour turned into an hour as dominique lay her head on My chest and listened to
the tale of rachel.  How W/we met, how close W/we became and O/our journey into
this world.  How much I loved her, and love her still.

"Which is why I find it difficult to share sometimes dominique."

"With respect Sir, You are sharing right now.  No earlier nor later than i had
the right to expect." she smiled up at Me.

"It's just that I find it difficult sometimes... "

"May this girl speak freely please Sir?"

"Hard to turn down a request like that dominique," I smiled, "of course you can
possum."

"Well Sir, i just wanted You to know that i feel very privileged that You have
shared rachel with me... i would never expect You to forget her Sir.  my only
hope is that You can love me half as much as You did her.  i would be a very
happy woman if You could Sir."  she beamed at Me.

"I do love you dominique.."

"You do Sir?"

"I love you more than I have cared to admit."

"Oh Sir..."  A tear ran from her eye.  "And the other night Sir? When You said
'I don't give a fuck'?"

"I had been distracted all day. Coming to terms with how I feel.  It was
dishonest to say what I did.  But it was said in rachel's honour.  I don't know
how better to explain it."

"i think i understand Sir."

"you do?"

"You sometimes feel like it should be her here, not me."

"But that's not fair."

"Truth doesn't need to be fair Sir, it just needs to be the Truth."

"you are right."

"my dear Master, as long as You have room for me in Your heart, i will continue
to feel secure in my submission to You."

Now it was Me that was tearing up.

"dominique, I apologise for what I said the other night.  It was unfair and a
demonstration of a lack of self-control.  Even selfish.  Something a Dominant is
prone to on occasions.  But something I usually have better control over.  I'm
sorry possum."

"Sir, it just bothered me that's all.  But as an explanation, i think i have
been spoiled Sir."

I smiled at her softly.  she wrapped her arm around My middle and snuggled into
Me, laying her head once again on My chest. 

"And Sir?"

"Yes dominique..."

"i love You too Sir."

_______________________________________________________


i held onto Andrew tightly once i said those words.  His hand came down so
gently upon my naked back and caressed it.  His fingertips traced the edges of
the welts. 

"Is it bad Sir?"

"Depends what you call bad dominique..."

"Should i look Sir?"

"Only if you want to see..."

"i think i want to see..."

"you are darkly bruised and there are a couple of  'nicks' where I broke your
skin."

"It doesn't sound too bad..."

"your dark skin camouflages it somewhat..."

"i want to see..."

"Then look."

i got up out of bed and walked furtively toward the full length mirror.  It was
strange.  i felt more nervous about seeing the results than i had about
receiving the punishment.  i walked over and stood with my back to the mirror,
looking at Andrew.

"Go on..."

i smiled at Him, and shook my hair out, putting my hands on my hips.

"You know what?"

"What's that pet?"

i grinned, one hip cocked.

"i don't give a fuck!"

Andrew picked up a pillow and threw it at me!  It bounced off my chest and onto
the floor and another one hit me as I bent over to pick it up!  i quickly threw
the first pillow back at my Master then gripping the second one tight by the
corner i attacked!

i was laughing and laughing as i jumped on Him and started pummeling Him with
the pillow.  He was trying to tickle me to get me to stop but i just kept on
going!  i was bapping Him in the head and everywhere i could.  i was in fits of
laughter and gripping Him around the torso with my thighs.  i imagined i was
winning but all i knew was i was getting horny! 

i tossed the pillow aside and started tickling my Master hard on His sides. 
Well goodness He started writhing and laughing and fending me off all at once. 
But i don't think He was *really* trying!  Well, i *know* He wasn't really
trying, because He is about twice my size.  i could feel His beautiful cock
lengthening and thickening tight against my crotch right through His light blue
silk boxers.

God as soon as i noticed that i started grinding my cunt back and forth on it. 
Mashing my lips up and down trying to get it to hit the spot.  I had laid my
hands on His muscular chest and could feel His rippling muscles right through
His white t-shirt.  my fingers went to his nipples and i was firmly scraping
over them with my nails.  His cock was getting harder and i was making a
circular kind of motion with my hips.  i could hardly stand it when the
mushrooming peach-size head started bumping against my clit on each pass.

By now His hot and rigid cock was wedged well between the lips of my very wet
pussy.  i grasped His nipples between my fingers and thumbs and gripped them
tightly.  With closed eyes i arched my back and my mouth opened and i moaned
long and deep.  i shuddered as a series of tiny orgasms swept through my lower
body.  my head dropped and i opened my eyes looking down.  i could see the wet
patch of my juices wildly discolouring His boxers and almost laughed.  "Why on
earth is this called dry humping?" i thought!

The patch appeared and disappeared and appeared again as i thrust my loins back
and forth.  my breasts with their hard pointy nipples also obscured my view. 
Suddenly His hands were on them, gripping my nipples back and pulling me down to
kiss Him.  i did hungrily as He kept His hold on them.  They pulsed on my chest,
two hard thickened points of pleasure seemingly directly connected to my clit. 
i thrust my tongue into His mouth flicking it and stroking it all over His. 
Then i sucked His tongue into my mouth as i pressed my lips hard against His,
and brought my hands up to hold His face.

His fingers released my nipples and i felt myself rush headlong into another
small series of orgasms.  i felt like i had never been hornier.  i pressed my
breasts into His chest and moved my body from side to side stimulating my
nipples against the fabric of His shirt.  His hands reached down and gripped my
ass tightly and ground me harder into Him.  He was moaning softly and looking me
right in the eyes.

"Fuck Me dominique."  He breathed.

"Mmmmmm... yesss..."  i replied breathlessly and excited beyond belief.  my hand
shook as i reached into His boxers and pulled His cock out through the wet silk. 
God it was hard as steel, hot and throbbing in my hand, and precum dripped from
the tip down one side.  i slid my hand lightly down to the base and tightened my
grip before sliding back upwards slowly, causing a strong stream of precum to
pulse out and around the top of my fingers.  i loosened my grip and stroked and
twisted my hand a little to coat Him before giving a few firm strokes with a
tighter grip.

"Fuck it, fuck My cock," my Master gasped.

i raised myself up on my knees and changed my grip on His cock, bringing the
head in contact with the scalding heat and silky slickness of my clasping cunt. 
i held it tight and swayed my hips, sweeping the head of His cock through my
lips and forward, then pressed it against my clit.  my body jerked and sent
shivers up my spine as i realised how badly i wanted to fuck Him.

my tummy was fluttering and i thought i might cum as He entered me.  my head was
spinning.  my pussy was absolutely flooded, and i could hardly even think.  my
body was a mess of jangling nerve endings.

i positioned His cock and slammed my hips down on it, impaling myself.  my
breath caught in my chest but i couldn't expel it.  my fingernails dug into my
Master's chest and i silently screamed.  i hit bottom and bounced, but i didn't
really notice.  i was gone.  Gone with the blinding white light that enveloped
my senses and exploded outward sweeping my body with it.  i went rigid but
somehow knew my Master was continuing to fuck up into me.  my toes curled and i
shuddered from my pelvis, increasing in intensity as my entire body was
consumed. 

His hands gripped my ass tight and i felt like a ragdoll as He fucked me and
fucked me.  my arms collapsed and i fell onto His chest but He was still
thrusting His heavenly cock deeply into me.  Over and over and over He tossed my
ass high and slammed me back down on Him. 

i felt like i was losing control. His fingers made contact with the place where
W/we were joined, gathering and spreading the copious thick juices flowing from
me.  First one then two fingers slid deliciously and deeply into my ass and
somewhere in the back of my mind i heard Him roar out His orgasm!  He slammed me
down one last time, really hard, then ground me, mashed me into His pelvic bone
and over i went again. 

"Oooohhhh fuck yesssssssjesussssssss fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
aaaahhhhhhHHHHHHHHHH!!!!"

"Cummmmmmmingggggggg toooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!"

Then everything went black.  i dreamed i was a bird, flying.  A young bird. 
Leaving the nest for the first time.  Convincing myself to launch.  Go birdy! 
Go me!  i would be okay, even though i had lost the comfort of the very ground
beneath my feet.  i lost control, but i gained my freedom, and i soared up into
the clouds...

_______________________________________________________


I held dominique tightly to Me as I emptied Myself into her.  her body spasmed
relentlessly in My arms and obscenities poured from her luscious lips.  she went
suddenly quiet as though she collapsed, then mumbled incomprehensibly under her
breath.

"...bird...  so free... so mmmmm..."

I smiled.  I had no idea what she was saying or thinking.  All I knew was I was
happy.  Happier than I had been in a long, long time.  I folded her into My arms
caressing her gently, coaxing her back to Me. 

It felt good to be at peace with Myself.  To not hide the guilt I still felt
over rachel, and to allow Myself to love again.  To find love once was amazing,
but to find it twice defies belief.  I softly kissed her forehead and the lids
of her closed eyes until I saw her smile catch light.  I still had My hands on
her ass, but I was lightly scratching over her skin with My nails as her eyes
opened and she smiled at Me.

she brought her hands up onto My chest again, this time laying one on top of the
other and resting her chin on the top of them.  her beautiful deep brown eyes
smiled at Me and sparkled with innocence and playfulness.

"you look so sexy dominique..."

"Sexy Sir?"

"Mmhmmm." I smiled.

"i imagine i look VERY well fucked Sir."

I smiled.

"Well, you certainly look happy pet."

" 'Happy' doesn't even come close to describing how i feel Sir," she whispered. 
"In fact, i am feeling something deeper and more serene than that.  Complete
trust?  Complete submission?  Security?  Safe in the knowledge of Your love? 
Words seem so inadequate Sir..."

"Freedom?"

her forehead wrinkled in thought for a moment then her smile burst forth again.

"Yes!  Freedom Sir!!  Freedom to be who i am... freedom to love You... and to be
loved...  freedom to explore with You...  freedom to please You...  freedom from
O/other's expectations... freedom to be happy with myself...  freedom from
self-consciousness... Freedom to soar!"

I was smiling at her passion.

"Well My free bird, how would you like to spend O/our day off?  Shopping? 
Driving?  A movie perhaps?"

she pressed herself against Me less gently,  grinned widely and scratched
lightly over My chest once again with her fingernails.

"Honestly Sir?"

I nodded.

"Can W/we just stay here?"

"Sure W/we can possum,  W/we can do anything W/we want..."




Author's Note:  Once more, I take My hat off to dawn for her editing expertise. 
There has been a great deal of work put into this story.  W/we both hope Y/you
have enjoyed the tale of 'dominique' and will show Y/your appreciation by taking
a moment to vote. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir_Nathan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





