BDSM Library - True Love




True Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A chance encounter with a mysterious woman at a party leads to the incredible story of Beverly, middle-aged masochist, nymphomaniac and the one true love of the story teller. This posting contains all manner of unpalatable material sure to offend the average reader and should be approached with extreme care.
						True Love	



						Chapter 1



       The first time I laid eyes on Beverly, I flipped. She was standing by the
pool completely naked and very much at ease. She must have been in her late 40s
or perhaps older; it was hard to judge because of her lean body. Except for her
boyish coif she seemed devoid of hair and her cunt jutted out prominently in all
its glory. Her tits had some sag but the nipples appeared as perky as a
teenager's. There was a hint of stretch marks, so I figured she had given birth
at least once. I began to dream that she had a daughter and I would meet her
here at this party.

	I walked up to her and introduced myself. She smiled and then grinned
when I blurted out the words " You have an impressive body, there doesn't seem
to be an ounce of fat on it. I am very impressed. " She thanked me with a smile
and asked who I was with. I told her and she smiled.

	" He's a very dear friend of mine. He's been fucking me on and off for
the past 8 years and he's never disappointed me. Do you like to fuck? "

	" Do I ever! I do it every chance I get." I replied.

	Her eyes began to dance mischievously and she glanced down at the pouch
of my briefs. " How many girls do you think you've fucked so far in your young
life? " She asked.

	I had to pause for a time and do some fast mental arithmetic. That
enigmatic smile returned and she brushed her hand across her flat stomach and
idly scratched at the offending area. I sighed and finally came up with a number
just over one hundred. She arched her eyebrows and observed.

	" I took on more men than that last week. "

	The off hand way she said it made me believe that she was speaking the
truth. I just stood there with my mouth open and stared at her slim body,
especially her shaven cunt and wondered who this creature was. She must have
read my mind because she said.

	" My name is Beverly and my husband is hosting this little get together.
Perhaps we'll see each other under more favorable circumstances before this
evening is over. I'm going to perform my specialty later on in the evening for
some of his business acquaintances. I do hope you'll attend as my guest."

	She moved away and joined a crowd of men who welcomed her
enthusiastically, groping her naked body as she laughed. I circulated and began
to notice the that there were very few women here, but those that were did not
seem to fit with the well dressed men that roamed the party area. While I was
musing about this fact an older man introduced himself to me as Beverly's
husband and my host. He drew me aside and began to tell me an astounding story
about his wife.




						Chapter 2



	" My wife has insisted that you join the party she'll be hosting in
another hour or so. However before you commit there are a few things you should
know about her. Beverly and I have been married for almost five years and we are
very happy. My wife has certain rather sophisticated tastes or perhaps I should
say needs. Almost all of them involve large groups of men. I like to call it her
queen bee syndrome. That's not exactly correct since the queen only mates once
and certainly does not expect her consorts to damage her in any way."

       "Beverly requires not only attention; she needs to atone for her actions.
As she grows older her ability to endure the type of penance she joyfully
accepted when we were first married has been compromised, perhaps because of so
much attention and too much of the severe penance she so dearly loves. In her
case it is truly that the spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak. To put it
clinically, my wife suffers from nymphomania, is borderline anorexic, suffers
from low self-esteem and is addicted to pain due to her masochistic personality.
How she ever survived before we met is a mystery to me."
      
       "At 18 she was convicted and sentenced to 25 years in prison as an
accessory to murder. At 43 she was released, a changed person. Her fellow
inmates, the prison guards and even members of the warden's staff all played a
role in making her what she is today. She entered prison as a virgin and
technically left in the same condition, still untouched by any man."
      
       "A month later she was in an emergency ward suffering from severe
internal injuries caused by her prison experiences. Her vagina was so damaged
from having various objects inserted into it over the years, that the mucous
membrane lining it had become infected from numerous perforations that had been
produced from the systematic abuse of the birth canal. Her cervix and uterus
also had to be removed since the constant use of blunt objects on them had
caused numerous fiber growths and potential cancer sites."
      
       "After her recovery she entered into a number of abusive relationships
with both men and women. She discovered that she thoroughly enjoyed sex with
men, even though most of the time they did not make love to her, they raped her.
At the same time her years in prison had made her seek out dominant women as
partners. A few years before I met her she began to become involved in sex with
multiple partners, mostly men. This in turn evolved into her enjoyment of
gangbangs. In fact I met her at a swing club where she was being gangbanged. I
was astonished at her ability to take hour after hour of steady pounding."
      
       "A few months later I was invited to witness and participate in another
gangbang featuring Beverly, who was beginning to become somewhat famous in
swingers circles. This time she was handcuffed the entire time and during the
infrequent rest periods Beverly received during the day and a half ordeal she
took large enemas and irritating douches designed to weaken her and somewhat
reduce her enjoyment of the brutal reaming she was getting."
      
       " For reasons that I could not quite understand I couldn't bring myself
to take a turn on her sweaty body. Instead I spent literally hours watching this
lean middle-aged woman take cock after cock in both her cunt and asshole. I
don't know what made me do it, but I later returned to her gangbang. By then she
was in her twenty-eighth hour according to one of the men who was waiting his
turn. This would be his third time with her and he wanted to use her asshole
since her cunt was now quite loose. A group of men were speed fucking her,
giving Beverly a minute or two of furious pounding, then resting up while the
other members of the team took a turn. Except for the slapping of flesh against
flesh and an occasional gasp when one of them bottomed out inside her well
stretched cunt, it was very quiet."
      
       "She seemed to be almost in a trance, hardly reacting to the relentless
hammering her cunt and asshole were getting. Her skinny body was coated with
sweat, not surprising since the room was quite hot. Somebody had moved a number
of heavy-duty lamps next to the bed on which she lay so that those taking
pictures and videos had sufficient light. I remember focusing my attention on
her tits as they bounced in rhythm to the powerful strokes she was getting. I
watched until the speed fuckers got tired of wrecking her cunt.  When they
finished she was made to swallow the contents of the rubbers they had worn.
Beverly went after those bags of scum like a starving animal; she hadn't been
fed or been given any water during this ordeal."
      
        "Part of me was fascinated and the rest repelled by what I witnessed in
the next few hours as Beverly was ruthlessly skewered. It became quite apparent
that this was not a typical gangbang; it was more like a gang rape, a cruel
punishment. The men treated Beverly as if she was a piece of meat to be used as
they saw fit. She in turn seemed to be challenging their masculinity in subtle
ways, rarely reacting to the vicious assaults on her gaping cunt and asshole,
staring into the hot lamps as if she was all by herself and acting completely
relaxed as the men labored over her, appearing to be desperately trying to get
her attention. Even as I took my leave, a couple of the studs were talking about
having a break in the action so they could load her up with a couple of killer
enemas while they took it easy, resting up for another go at her."
      
       "After that exhibition I became sort of her gangbang groupie. Beverly
finally acknowledged my presence after I attended a couple of her performances,
and during one of her infrequent breaks she asked why I wasn't "fucking" her. I
made a joke that in my case, it was all or nothing. She looked at me like I was
crazy and focused her attention elsewhere.  Despite that faux pas I continued to
show up to watch this skinny, shorthaired woman in her mid 40s be absolutely
annihilated by armies of hard dicked studs who seemed to get their enjoyment
from brutally reaming her out until she was unconscious. Then she'd be revived
and gangbanged some more for having the nerve to pass out on them."
      
       "I watched her gangbangs become so hardcore that only a certain kind of
man would participate. I also noticed that women were beginning to show up at
these functions in growing numbers, and soon they too" joined in the fun". There
was no way that Beverly could stand up to the type of punishment that a woman
equipped with a long thick strap on dildo could dish out, but she tried, always
to fail miserably and then have to pay the price as she was forced to take on
gangs of disgruntled males who would do their worst in an attempt to outdo the
women who had just reduced her to "a puddle of pussy juice", to quote one of the
more literate rapists."
      
       "After one particularly violent gangbang that lasted for almost three
days she had to be hospitalized. The doctors could not believe that she had
managed to survive the damage that her emaciated body had absorbed. Besides
being in shock and totally dehydrated, an extra long dildo had evidently made
contact with the scar tissue from her hysterectomy, causing severe internal
bleeding. In addition her sphincter muscle had been torn in a number of places
by numerous forced entries of various blunt instruments."
      
       " Witnesses to the event described watching her being plugged, then
cruelly fucked, after taking an enema that was so large it caused her stomach to
expand to the point that it began to compress her lungs, making it difficult for
her to breath. Others mentioned that she kept passing out while she was being
gangbanged in a sauna by teams of men and women taking turns working on her for
brief periods in the incredible heat, then retreating to recover while another
group brutally pummeled her severely dehydrated body."
      
      
       "It was at this point that I once more introduced myself to Beverly and
offered to become her manager-guardian and do my best to protect her from
herself. My offer struck a sympathetic chord within her complex psyche, and she
in turn offered to become my companion under certain conditions. She also
acknowledged that she needed to be gangbanged because she enjoyed being the
center of attention and the sexual pleasure of being viciously raped for hours
on end. It was only later that she trusted me sufficiently to confess that she
needed pain as a way to make up for being such an outrageous slut. That was when
she insisted that I have her properly punished for her past activities. Beverly
promised that once she was punished to her satisfaction she would become my
wife."




       					Chapter 3
      
      
      
       "I had her admitted to a private asylum owned by some close friends of
mine who were also business associates. In exchange for the rights to photograph
and videotape Beverly being tortured and raped, her stay there did not cost me
anything. A special team composed of doctors, nurses and orderlies was formed to
provide her round the clock attention. In addition special consultants who were
experts at giving pain were brought in to assist the team. For the better part
of two months Beverly suffered the torments of the damned, barely surviving her
ordeal."
      
       "She was rarely allowed to sleep for more than an hour or two at a
stretch. All sorts of drugs were pumped into her body to keep her in a state of
near panic and to make the tortures to which she was subjected more intense and
thus more painful. The drugs also raised her metabolic rate to unheard of
levels, making her heart pound like a trip hammer and her kidneys work almost
continuously."
      
       "She received regular injections of such things as distilled bee venom
and an oil derived from hot peppers and nettles. These shots kept her breasts
swollen to twice their normal size for days at a stretch so they could more
easily torture them. Her inner and outer cunt lips took injections every day so
that the dozen or more times she was raped daily were especially painful. Her
clitoris was not only injected with bee venom every morning and again in the
evening, it was repeatedly given electric shocks, rubbed with nettles, crushed
with pliers, burned with soldering irons and lit cigarettes, skewered with
needles, lacerated with a very fine grit sandpaper, and other procedures that I
can't immediately call to mind. At one time during her ordeal they seriously
considered amputating that little nubbin of pleasure that she called her " hot
button", but I rejected their request." 
      
       "Beverly's asshole was another area that got lots of attention. Her
sphincter was injected daily with large doses of both bee venom and nettle
essence, a poison so powerful that it could literally cause the flesh to decay.
No one had ever taken this treatment to that part of the body for more than a
few days; Beverly was given double doses of it for a week straight and lived to
tell about it. Two weeks later she was once again injected every day for a week
and survived. Oil of wintergreen was pumped into her ass by the pint before she
was sodomized. Those fucking her had to wear double thick walled condoms to
protect themselves from this powerful oil that made her feel as if it were
burning its way through her colon walls."
      
       "The nurses loved to administer enemas to their helpless patient, whether
they were ordered or not. Beverly was getting so many enemas that she began to
suffer from dehydration. It seemed that each nurse had her own special enema
guaranteed to make Beverly beg for mercy as it bubbled and frothed inside her
intestines, trapped by the inflatable plug that prevented her from expelling it.
It was standard practice for her to hold most of these fiendish concoctions for
at least an hour while she was raped or subjected to other torture.
      
        During the evenings her nurses would have contests to see how much
Beverly could hold before the pressure from her swollen stomach pressing on her
lungs made her pass out. She took them ice cold and nearly boiling. She took
everything from water to mineral oil interspersed with liquid detergent, double
boiled coffee, sweet wine, brine solutions, vinegar and hot oil, urine, her own
as well as contributions from the nurses and other patients, plus carbonated
beverages and special solutions that created huge quantities of gas inside her
churning bowels."
      
       "Of course she also was forced to swallow gallons of water and urine each
day to make the subsequent rape and torture sessions even more excruciating.
Often she looked as if she were ten months pregnant with twins, her belly
bloated beyond belief and her face slowly turning blue from the relentless
pressure her bulging stomach was applying to her lungs. This is what caused
those cute stretch marks on her belly. I'll bet you thought she once was
pregnant, didn't you? Well, now you know the truth. They could have been removed
completely with laser surgery, but Beverly insisted they remain as a reminder of
what she endured."
      
       "Catheters were another way that they used to torture Beverly. Between
the drugs that stimulated her kidney functions and the huge amounts of liquids
that she was forced to ingest, her bladder was under constant pressure as it
quickly filled no matter how many times she urinated. So they began using
catheters to control how much and when she could eliminate. Naturally that meant
tremendous pain and long term effects since a lot of urine backed up into places
it wasn't supposed to go. The nurses took it one step further, deliberately
backfilling her bladder to its limit with such nasty things as their own
recycled urine, passed through another patient who was also in the clinic for
special treatment. This then became another contest to see who could come up
with the nastiest treatment for Beverly's distended bladder.  Among other
things, it was back filled with ice water, crushed ice, crushed ice mixed with
vinegar, hot water and essence of nettles, and finally ground pepper mixed with
mineral oil."
      
       "The director of the asylum finally decreed that any nurse caught harming
Beverly's bladder would be summarily dismissed from the staff. He also ordered
that using catheters on her was to be discontinued, fearing that further abuse
of her bladder and kidneys might result in her death. Two nurses were caught
breaking these rules and were immediately dismissed, thus bringing an end to
that nasty period of her time at the asylum."




       					Chapter 4
      
      
      
       "As I just mentioned, there was another patient also undergoing a lengthy
punishment program. Unlike Beverly, she was there against her will, in a manner
of speaking. She was caught cheating by her husband and threatened with divorce
unless she agreed to a lengthy stay there where she could reflect on the error
of her ways while undergoing what they jokingly referred to as counseling and
rehabilitation."
      
       "In the case of Beverly frequent violent rapes on a daily basis was
initially one of the major features of her treatment. In contrast, the other
patient, always referred to as the slut, underwent lengthy sessions of sexual
stimulation aimed at reprogramming her reaction to sex with anyone but her
husband. In time she would begin to associate anything from foreplay to orgasm
with pain, except when it involved her husband."
      
       "The nurses had a field day with the slut. They'd take turns getting her
off with vibrators, dildos, tongues, fingers and fists. The slut truly was a
slut. Every time the slut got off she received a nasty surprise such a being
zapped with 240 volts or having a section of the flash powder that was rubbed
into every crack and cranny of her rounded form set off. Neither left anything
permanent, but it hurt like fury when it occurred. Her melon-like, natural tits
received plenty of attention from the ladies, many of them rather jealous of
those plump, bouncy bags."
      
       "Those big tits got their share of bee venom injections and almost every
day were lovingly rubbed with the most virulent nettles that could be provided
by the asylum's supplier. However in her case the treatments went one step
further, the slut got daily injections of a drug that made her produce large
quantities of milk. The combination of the bee venom and her own milk increased
her tits from their normal 36D to an incredible 42F, and if she wasn't milked
they'd continue to swell and turn blue from the pressure."
      
       "Naturally her large swollen breasts were then ripe for all sorts of pain
and punishment. On occasion after her breasts had been allowed to go for nearly
two days without being milked, she would be hooked up to a powerful suctioning
machine and those big jugs would be pumped flat as the slut screamed and begged
for mercy. This type of punishment was always done with one of the "doctors"
attending to make sure that no permanent harm would be done to those beauties."
      
       "For Beverly there was no such condition placed on the type or amount of
punishment that her tits could receive. The suctioning machine was used on her
at least every other day.  Sometimes she would be pumped flat, then receive
infusions of molten wax through her nipples until her tits looked as if they
were the product of a very bad breast implant operation. Beverly never failed to
pass out when they would slowly pump the now hardening wax from her bloated,
super-sensitive breasts using the souped up vacuum machine. At other times she
would take double injections of bee venom and then be pumped at a slow but
steady rate as the venom caused her bags to swell and become agonizingly
painful. She would pass out repeatedly during this treatment but they were
always able to revive her with injections of adrenaline. In retrospect, it's
amazing that Beverly didn't die of shock from all he pain. I think her inherent
masochism was the only thing that saved her."
      
       "Over her two month stay the constant expansion and contraction of her
average sized breasts resulted in a tremendous loss of muscle tone as well as
fat. In addition because of all the times her nipples were burned with lit
cigarettes, soldering irons, butane lighters and high voltage electricity, it
was necessary to surgically remove, then replace them once she was released from
the asylum. That's why her nipples look so pert even though her breasts have
quite a bit of sag to them considering how flat they already are."
      
        "Even the removal process was done with the idea of maximizing her pain.
A power sander was used to grind her nipples flat. She was given powerful
stimulants to keep her conscious through most of the process. Periodically the
bleeding stumps of her ground nipples were cauterized with high voltage
electricity, causing her to go into shock from the pain. After about an hour and
a half the surgeons were satisfied with the nipple removal and Beverly was
allowed to recuperate for a week before undergoing the nipple replacement
surgery, without anesthetic, at her request of course."
      
       "Beverly received the best of care while she was a patient. The doctors
scheduled her for a twice-weekly colonoscopy and mammogram.  To be sure that
nothing was ever missed during these tests, the colon probe was run through her
at a very slow speed and done twice, while the force used to flatten her breasts
was double what breasts of that size and shape would normally receive. This
caused her major discomfort, but naturally she was never sedated under any
circumstance. If she made too much noise they merely gagged her. Any struggling
on her part only meant more pain, which was fine with the staff."
      
       "One day she was particularly troublesome and so they took her down into
the hospital laundry room where they managed to pass her breasts, one at a time,
through one of the wet wash rollers. Beverly passed out repeatedly during the
process and her breasts had turned almost black by the next morning. From that
day forward she was a most cooperative patient when it came time for her
mammogram."
      
       "On a happier note, her breasts were always shown to be free of any
suspicious lumps even though, as part of her therapy, they were often skewered,
beaten with rubber hoses, noosed and stretched with heavy weights and hammered
with bursts of high pressure air. Unfortunately the large number of x-rays may
have contributed to the development of the small malignant tumors that have been
plaguing her over the past year or so, but then again it may have been the
massive breast reconstruction surgery she underwent shortly after her nipple
replacement."
      
       At this point I was having some difficulty in following his story. What
had happened to her before she was released from the asylum? I guess my face
must have communicated my problem to him and he leaned forward and said in his
precise, calm voice, " I must apologize for the digression. Allow me to return
to the original thread of my story." As he continued this amazing story I
followed him as he began to move toward a lighted building located well beyond
the party area.




       				Chapter 5
      
      
       "Another interesting feature of the asylum was its consultants and
on-call specialists. For example Beverly spent a considerable amount of time
securely strapped into a specially designed chair with her head mechanically
constrained and her mouth propped open by special hinges that were situated at
the back of her mouth. I believe that every tooth in her head had something done
to it. She had root canals, a few extractions, fillings, one or two inlays and
some porcelain jackets installed. Her gums were also scraped, a rather lengthy
procedure that required her to spend many hours in the chair for each session.
All of the work described was done without anesthetic in the interests of saving
time, increasing the pain she experienced and, of course, reducing the overhead
costs of the specialist who performed the work."
      
       "Beverly made so much noise that he dentist and his assistant had to wear
earphones. In fact she shrieked so loudly that she actually lost the use of her
vocal cords for days at a time. The staff never liked these periods since they
used the volume and intensity of her screams to guide them in maximizing the
pain they gave her. In fact, during the last few weeks of her stay, when her
treatments had become most intense and were being performed almost around the
clock, she received treatments to assure that her vocal cords were functioning
properly."
      
       "They scheduled her for so many pain sessions that it became necessary to
reduce and finally eliminate rape as a part of Beverly's punishment regime. In
retrospect this probably only added to her pain, a perfect case to illustrate
that at times less is more.  Another reason for the decision to eliminate this
major element in her regimen was the significant decrease in her response to
being raped. That proved to be specious, as it was discovered a few weeks later
that during her rest periods the nurses were doing more than back filling her
bladder and giving her enemas."
      
       "It turned out that there was a dedicated group of nurses that were
devotees of the fine art of female fisting. Most of them worked the night shift.
Poor Beverly became part of their fisting rituals, sort of a live model for
further advancing the fine art of fist fucking the female. Information about
this after hours activity did not reach the staff responsible for Beverly's
therapy because the night supervisor was a dedicated practioner of this art."
      
       "You can imagine the effect of taking hours of steady fisting, sometimes
going so deep that the fists bottomed out inside her swollen lipped cunt.
Bottoming out was considered the goal of every nurse who practiced this kinky
form of sexual expression. Most achieved their goal inside Beverly's loose and
oh so sore birthing tunnel."
      
      
       "Some of the more advanced members were also avid students of anal fist
fucking. Beverly never did fully enjoy having this done to her, perhaps because
the nurses always lubricated her asshole with oil of wintergreen, a powerful
astringent that tightened her anal passage and made her feel as if her colon was
on fire. Even with her weakened sphincter muscles and well-traveled colon it
took a considerable amount of time to totally accept a fist and even longer to
establish the type of rhythm that produced a good anal orgasm. This set of
fortuitous circumstances was seldom achieved, leading to a considerable amount
of frustration on Beverly's part." 
      
       "There was one pain consultant that truly challenged Beverly's desire for
pain. She was Madame Wu Zhaen, an expert on pain centers. She employed the same
tools as those performing acupuncture, but her aim was to cause rather than
relieve pain. She would have Beverly securely strapped down to the operating
table; face up or down, depending on what portion of the body Madame wanted
available to her needles. After the first session with Madame Wu, Beverly became
somewhat ambivalent toward her visits."
      
       "During each session the Madame would concentrate on only one area of
Beverly's body. The area of interest would be held securely within a special
metal frame to allow the needles to be precisely inserted. The Madame claimed
that a deviation of less than a fraction of a millimeter from the target would
reduce the pain level by a factor of one hundred. On her first visit the Madame
spent nearly two hours driving a dozen needles into Beverly's feet. Her blood
curdling screams brought staff members from other wards to witness the amazing
things that Madame Wu Zhaen did to the patient."
      
       "The first needle very slowly penetrated her heel. At first there was no
pain to speak of, then suddenly she was overcome with a burst of agony that
seemed to radiate from the tip of the probing needle and run up the back of her
leg. The Asian lady smiled and began to rock the needle from side to side. The
pain grew even more intense and now it seemed to expand to cover that entire leg
from sole to thigh. Beverly shrieked and began to pound her head against the
cushioned table to which she was strapped."
      
        "The needle moved deeper and Beverly started to chew on her lips and
bite her tongue, so great was her agony. Her eyes bulged, and she literally
began to foam at the mouth.  Then with a shudder that ran the length of her
bound, bare body Beverly passed out."
      
       "Those watching this procedure drew a collective breath once the patient
had fainted. They watched the Madame slowly withdraw the needle part way and
then pass a vial under Beverly's nostrils. Within less than a half minute she
was awake and alert, seemingly none the worse for her experience. Suddenly the
needle was thrust home once more and Beverly nearly went mad from the pain. Her
body strained against the straps holding her fast while this terrifying wail
burst from her throat. This time the Asian pulled the needle out completely and
watched as Beverly shuddered and babbled mindlessly in shock."
      
       "For the better part of two hours the Asian torturer drove needles of
varying length and diameter into the feet of Beverly, alternating from one foot
to the other in order to spread the pain. For each area of the imprisoned foot,
be it the top or ball, the arch, the big toe or the ankle, the Madame precisely
changed the depth, angle of penetration and force that she applied to each
separate region of the foot. When she finally announced that the session was
over, Beverly was almost catatonic from the excruciating pain she had suffered."
      
       "Later she confessed to me that she had had the most intense orgasm of
her life when the needle first did its work in the side of her arch. In fact
Madame Wu Zhaen agreed to continue my wife's therapy as a private consultant and
now sees her once a month. I digress once more; please, pardon me. Let me
continue her story."




       					Chapter 6
      
      
      
       "The staff working with Beverly held a meeting concerning what was
planned for her final two weeks at the hospital. A most challenging schedule of
events was developed for their "star boarder''. During those fourteen days and
nights there would be very little time for rest, let alone sleep."
      
       "She would be on a strict near-starvation diet for the entire period. A
patient suffering from advanced anorexia nervosa would become Beverly's food
source. She would provide the regurgitated food that was then heavily salted and
vacuum processed to remove almost all the water content and any vitamins or
minerals that it might have contained. Beverly, if available, would be forced to
witness her food being harvested and processed."
      
       "They also planned to keep Beverly as near total dehydration as was
feasible considering that many of the procedures to which she would be subjected
involved forcing various types of liquids into her via enemas, high pressure
douches, submersion and involuntary ingestion. One idea that was discussed and
tried involved daily bloodletting. Not only would her veins be opened, they
would also apply leeches to her body on occasion, a process likely to be more
and more traumatic as her strength and mental capacity wasted away. This was
quickly discontinued when she went into shock and nearly expired the third time
she was bled."
      
       "They were not going to use any drugs during this period as she was fast
developing a tolerance for most of the current ones they were administering.
Lack of sleep, dehydration and a severe reduction in food intake were considered
to be sufficient for their purposes since she would be enduring a broad variety
of procedures guaranteed to put a tremendous strain on even the most healthy of
persons."
      
       "One thing they most certainly wanted to retain was the psychological
torture she had been experiencing during her stay. I was heavily involved in it,
and at time almost felt guilty. However upon sober reflection I realized that
Beverly would think me weak and not truly dedicated to her mental well being if
I shirked my duty in this manner."
      
       "Once a week I received tapes showing Beverly undergoing various
humiliating punishments. I was expected to play the tapes for entertainment
while I was having sex with other women. I was urged to select women who were
the opposite of her in physical appearance as well as age. So once or twice a
week I would have women over to my home for sex sessions that were automatically
taped by means of a system installed by asylum personnel. My guests would make
disparaging comments about Beverly and mock her for subjecting herself to the
vicious tortures and cruel humiliations she endured."
      
       "Naturally the women involved in these sessions were very young, none
older than their early 20s and many much, much younger. Some were swingers I
knew from the various clubs I belonged to, and some even knew Beverly from
orgies they had attended involving her. A few were prostitutes deliberately
chosen for their coarseness and slovenly appearance. A couple of them were even
the children of swingers or business acquaintances who wished to remain in my
good graces."
      
       "All of them, even the very, very young ones, were plump and in some
cases a few were actually overweight. All had good-sized natural tits for their
age; broad bottoms and either carried incipient potbellies, spare tires or baby
fat. Except for my very, very young partners, the junior ladies as I called
them, the women had thick crops of pubic hair, and in a few cases also displayed
unshaven armpits."
      
       "Beverly later admitted, under torture of course;(some habits being just
too hard to completely break) that watching the tapes I made while she was
undergoing her private and oh so personal penance was the most painful part of
her entire stay. To be completely honest, our love, on both sides, was tested to
its limit, and sometimes beyond by these tapings."
      
       "I have to admit that I looked forward to receiving those tapes because
it meant I'd have the opportunity to enjoy the favors of other women without the
slightest feelings of guilt. Participating in an orgy or swing club meetings was
not the same as being alone with one or two women. The tapes of her suffering
the vilest types of treatment excited me tremendously. My feelings were
intensified by the nasty and often brutally true observations made by my
companions about Beverly's appearance, mental state, sexual appetites and the
like.  To Beverly, who heard them later, their words were cruel but accurate,
but still cut deep into her psyche. The younger the speaker, the worse it hurt
her."
      
        "Why would any guy in his right mind do anything with that ugly piece of
shit?   God, look how thin she is, just skin and bones... How could any normal
man want to have anything to do with someone who enjoys looking like a corpse?  
If I had tits like hers, I'd have them cut off.... She doesn't even look like a
woman... I've read about people like her in my abnormal psych books, but she's
the first one I've ever seen.... I don't believe it; she's getting off from
having her cunt fisted!  How gross is that! She's actually swallowing some of
that shit, piss and puke they're dunking her in...Oh my god, oh my god, oh my
god, that can't be real. How can anyone take something that big inside her
cunt?"
      
       "That's only a small sampling of the type of comments that were generated
about Beverly as she purified herself with pain and humiliation. She was
variously described as a slut, whore, skank, weirdo, pig, skag, nympho, hag,
sicko, pain addict, or dyke. Often adjectives such as crazy, psychotic,
disturbed, diseased, demented, deranged, squicked, and pathetic were coupled
with these crude descriptors."
      
      
       "Most of my sex companions were only too eager to save me from Beverly's
clutches. I got all sorts of suggestions about what to do with, or to her. Some
suggested I turn her into a full time prostitute by selling her either to a pimp
or a whore house, preferably in Mexico or overseas so there would be no chance
of her ever returning. The junior ladies were even harder on her. Some wanted
Beverly as their personal slave and pain slut so they could torture and
humiliate her for the rest of her life. I must admit that the cruelty displayed
by the young has never ceased to amaze me. There were a number of proposals
suggesting an arrangement where Beverly would be shared, as a sex slave and pain
slut, between the young lady and myself. In these cases the young lady always
volunteered to become my live-in lover as part of the arrangement."
      
       "One young lady in particular, the daughter of a swing couple I knew very
well, tempted me sorely. I found myself looking forward to our little trysts,
even though Lexi was always accompanied by a chaperone, as I called the Jill,
the older girl who always made up our threesome. Then one glorious evening Jill
had other commitments and was unable to attend. It seems it was her dear
father's birthday, and she and her mother had committed to being his sex slaves
for the entire day and evening. Lexis had insisted on going to see me alone, and
her parents had no problems with that. In fact I know that they encouraged their
daughter to seize this wonderful opportunity to insinuate herself into my good
graces."
      
       "I knew this was going to be an evening to remember when she showed up in
pigtails, wearing only a short camisole that ended an inch or two above the
rounded bottoms of her firm tits. A sheer thong bikini through which I could see
that she had deliberately shaved or waxed her plump pussy completed her
ensemble. She was breathtaking, appearing to be no older than perhaps fourteen.
As soon as Lexi began speaking in a baby-like voice, I knew it would be an
evening to cherish."
      
       " Are we going to watch them do that nasty old woman again tonight?' Lexi
asked tilting her head coquettishly. " I hope they really, really do bad things
to her because she's so evil. I think she's a witch that has you under an evil
spell. Tonight I hope they make her scream good and loud for the devil to help
her, and then you'll know that she's getting what she deserves and wants.
Tonight I want you to do me in all my holes while we watch the evil bitch
suffer. I want you squirting deep inside my pussy. I want your big cock shooting
lots of goo into my mouth so I can taste it and then swallow it down. Finally I
want you to do me in my ass and make me a real woman."
      
      
       "That evening the tape showed Beverly undergoing a vigorous fisting from
a large woman with a number of outrageous tattoos. Simultaneously she was
receiving a series of enemas and also being forced to consume massive amounts of
urine. The narrator noted that the urine was originally produced by a number of
the nurses tending her and then had been repeatedly recycled through other
asylum patients to increase its strength. At times she appeared to be only days
away from delivering perhaps twins or even triplets, so swollen was her abdomen.
Every time that the poor dear voided one of the huge enemas that had been held
within her by an inflatable anal plug, my youthful companion would utter a loud
scream and then literally try to swallow my penis, or if it were inside another
of her entrances, clamp down on my trapped member with astonishing force."
      
       "Lexi was fascinated by the changes in Beverly's body caused by the
inexorable pressure from the recycled urine that was forced into her stomach by
means of a specially modified pump. My wife to be by then weighed considerably
less than 90 pounds. Her arms and legs looked like sticks. One could very easily
count her ribs, and her hipbones jutted up against the thin coat of skin that
covered them. To then observe her stomach swell slowly from the liquid waste
being forced down her throat was quite disconcerting in a sense. It was as if
one were watching a crudely drawn cartoon figure slowly transform itself into
something unworldly."
      
       "I clearly remember my youthful companion screaming out her hopes that
Beverly's belly would explode as her tight, wet cunt moved up and down on my
stiff penis. I remember squeezing Lexi's plump breasts and pinching the pointed
nipples harder and harder as I watched Beverly's belly grow larger, stretching
the skin of her abdomen to reveal the bluish, spidery veins beneath. I half
expected my wife to be to start floating into the air, so misshapen had her body
become."
      
       "Although the young girl claims that our little session was the best sex
she had ever experienced, I remember very little of it. I was so captured by
what Beverly was enduring that the efforts she made to distract me with her
considerable charms were almost an intrusion on my privacy. Fortunately for all
concerned Lexi was unaware of my true feelings, so busy was she in attempting to
drain me dry.  The only time I was actually aware of ejaculating was during a
period when Beverly was fountaining the contents of her stomach at the same time
as her bowels were evacuating whatever foul concoction had been roiling about in
her intestines. I can only assume my action was a sympathetic response to
whatever Beverly was experiencing at that time."
      
       At this point I was startled to realize that we were within yards of the
low building that had been our destination. My host grew silent as we made our
way towards the entrance of the now brightly lit structure. He pushed the door
open, the beginnings of a smile on his face. Stepping aside he bowed and ushered
me into the large, nearly empty room where Beverly waited. It took my eyes a few
moments to adjust to the harsh lighting. What registered next was simply
amazing.
      
       The thin, almost frail looking woman who had earlier captivated me with
her confidence and sexuality was strapped securely to what appeared to be a
modified medical examination table. Her ankles were held firmly in the stirrups
that had been adjusted to spread her wide. Her head dangled over the edge of the
table, supported only by the massive hands of a huge man, who like Beverly was
stark naked. His enormous cock was lodged in her throat; I could clearly see its
shape bulging from beneath the stretched skin of her throat. A second naked man
was standing between her spread thighs, his rigid pole splitting her cunt with
brutal jackhammer-like blows.
      
       Surrounding this violent tableau were armed men in uniform. It took a
moment for me to realize that these were police of some type. My host touched my
arm and softly said, " These are prison guards. The two working on my wife are
inmates of the county jail, part of a group that tonight will be providing
Beverly some relief from her personal demons. There should be fifteen inmates in
attendance according to the information I received yesterday. They have been
selected for their obvious physical characteristics as well as their violent
nature. It is likely that Beverly will be used by them for a very long time.
Once they are finished with her, then you and a few select members of the party
I'm hosting this evening will be allowed to take a turn or two on her.  By then
any penetration will be very painful and that is when she will enjoy it the
most. In the meantime you are invited to join me in the main house and enjoy a
drink while I complete the story of Beverly."
      
      
      
       			(To be concluded shortly)




					True Love


					Chapter 7

	Drink in hand, I settled back into the overstuffed chair and my host
continued his story concerning Beverly's final days at the private hospital, or
was it a chamber of horrors?

	"It was of critical importance to Beverly's well-being that there be
some method of monitoring her physical reactions to whatever torment she
underwent. Their solution was a brilliant one. Beverly's vital functions would
be measured and transmitted to the monitoring team by means of many dozens of
very tiny, single function sensors embedded in various parts of her body. The
integrated data streams would provide a real time picture of the health of her
body."

	"This novel approach was taken even one step further. The information
would also be used to determine the amount and severity of the traumas that she
would endure by means of a feedback system that allowed direct control of much
of the equipment used to torture her. I was in awe when this was explained to me
by the team leader."

	"He became very excited when he described another part of the monitoring
protocol. Of special interest to the medical staff was the information that
would be obtained through monitoring her body's erogenous zones. A number of
doctors obviously had visions of landmark technical papers bearing their names
if the data they anticipated actually was collected and validated."

	"Two days prior to the beginning of her final ordeal they operated on
Beverly to implant the sensors. She was shown no mercy, enduring the nearly four
hour procedure without the benefit of anesthetic. Many of the tiny probes were
buried beneath her skin with a modified stapling gun. This device was also
employed to implant a number of sensors into her tongue. Great care was taken
that the particular area they were working in was immobilized. A device very
similar to the one used by Madame Wu Zhaen was employed for this purpose. Those
requiring a more invasive location were injected with hypodermic needles, very
large needles that always left the area in which they were used bruised and
swollen. Others that needed to be located in close proximity to certain key
internal organs such as her heart, lungs, liver and kidneys were delivered via
various catheters and modified intravenous tubes."

	"When the operation was complete, a preliminary test was run while she
was still on the operating table, just in case repairs or modifications had to
be made. It was an amazing success. Nearly a hundred channels of data were being
received. I have no idea what most of them meant or their significance. Pulse,
respiration and body temperature I could understand. However information about
Beverly's skin potential, electrolytic balance, pressure differentials,
endorphin levels and the like were a mystery to me."

	"Now that Beverly's handlers were confident that they could adequately
monitor her condition, they turned her over to the nurses and orderlies who were
responsible for her daily "regimen". Naturally these people were not told that
their charge's physical status was now being constantly observed.  This would
give the doctors a wonderful opportunity to gain some baseline data before their
patient underwent her final trial. Less than an hour after her operation,
Beverly's shrunken breasts were prepped for their final mammogram. They received
massive doses of bee venom, causing them to substantially increase in size and
become incredibly painful. Later, when she underwent the procedure, the maximum
force that the machine could produce was used to flatten her bloated, discolored
bags of flesh. Beverly later told me that she had a marvelous orgasm just before
passing out."

	"Her day was far from over. As soon as she recovered her senses Beverly
was taken to another room for a colonoscopy, her second of the week. Although
the staff involved in her final ordeal had been sworn to secrecy concerning the
timing of the event, hospital security was once more trumped by the all-knowing
"grapevine". Thus Beverly was to undergo a very special version of this
procedure. I am still sketchy about all the fine details, but somehow or another
she took a large enema comprising glycerin laced with finely ground sand. A
special two-chambered plug inserted into her rectum not only prevented her from
voiding the enema, it also allowed the colon probe to enter her lower intestine.
You can imagine the pain associated with the movement of the probe through such
a viscous medium. Beverly claims she had never experienced the type of pain that
was caused once the probe began to slowly make its way through the twists and
turns of her lower intestine, embedding the fine particles of sand into the
sensitive lining of flesh. During the very lengthy process she had to be revived
numerous times with smelling salts."

	"Once the agonizing procedure was finished, she was allowed to void.
This too was so painful that she once more passed out as a bloody froth issued
from her spasming colon. The finely ground sand had done its work by scrapping
the walls of her intestines, causing significant internal bleeding. No serious
attempt was made to address this condition; instead Beverly was moved by gurney
to her room and placed in a strait jacket. The nurse in attendance packed her
rectum with gauze in an attempt to stop the bleeding, but was unsuccessful.
Rather than call a doctor to attend to Beverly, the nurse used an inflatable
butt plug to staunch the flow of blood from her asshole."

	"Every action had been recorded through the sensors and thus the medical
staff had a golden opportunity to evaluate the monitoring system under the types
of conditions that Beverly would likely face during the next two weeks. Not only
that, the sensors embedded in her breasts and nipples had survived the brutal
force applied during the mammogram.  A number of times the team was on the verge
of intervention, but the interpretation of the data argued a "wait and see"
attitude, which was validated as the evening wore on. This is not to say that my
true love had a very restful evening; no, to the contrary."

	"Those only peripherally involved in her journey to personal
fulfillment, or who would not be allowed to participate in this final phase
sought to find ways to make sure that Beverly would not forget their efforts on
her behalf. For the rest of the evening and well into the early hours of the
morning there was a steady stream of female visitors to Beverly's room. Although
the attendants had been expressly forbidden to use a catheter on the patient,
Beverly's bladder was repeatedly back filled with a variety of solutions
designed to irritate its sensitive lining. Her horribly distended bladder did
not prevent her assailants from fisting her savagely. Others waiting their turn
to torment her amused themselves by sitting on her face, forcing her to either
pleasure them or swallow their urine while her vagina was stretched and pummeled
by strong armed women who seemed bent on literally thrusting their fists into
her uterus."

	"During the entire time the sensors were operating as designed, feeding
data back to the monitoring team. They in turn were able to analyze and
interpret the information to allow them to describe in detail the type of trauma
she was experiencing. Of even greater significance, preliminary data from her
erogenous zone sensors was indicating a distinct relationship between the
intensity of the trauma and her sexual excitement. It was one thing to diagnose
that a patient had masochistic tendencies based on previous behavior or from
case studies of other people with similar behavioral patterns. It was a
completely different cup of tea to be showing direct empirical evidence to
support such a diagnosis. The medical staff was ecstatic over the results they
were obtaining from Beverly."

	" It was very important that Beverly had to receive some time to rest.
Accordingly the head nurse of the hospital was roused from sleep, briefed on the
situation and instructed to restore order in the ward. This was quickly
accomplished. Beverly was then given proper medical attention by a physician to
make sure that there would be no lingering effects that might delay or impede
what had been planned for her, and then she was allowed to sleep."

	"While she slept, her final day was planned. It was quite apparent that
the entire staff had developed a strong rapport with Beverly. In the interest of
fostering morale and to prevent more overt breaches of hospital discipline it
was decided that a part of her last day in the ward would involve the ward
personnel. The next morning there was an announcement made that Beverly would be
available in one of the operating rooms to all those who wished to pay their
respects to her before she left. By the time that Beverly was wheeled into the
brightly lit room there was a long line of hospital personnel waiting to see her
off."

	"The crowd of orderlies, nurses, aides, housekeeping, maintenance, and
security people began to become excited, even agitated, as they watched the
handlers suspend Beverly in a straining X position, her body totally accessible
both front and back, wrists and ankles manacled to links of chain that stretched
her limbs to their limit. Then gradually as they watched an arsenal of
implements designed to cut, bruise and burn this emaciated, wisp of a woman
being laid out, they grew silent. The director of the team that would accompany
Beverly on her final journey now took the floor and explained what was to
happen. Each person would be allowed to use one item, one time on Beverly. When
they were finished they would be allowed one private moment to say farewell.
With that said, the director left the room."

	"It took the better part of three hours before the assembled group had
completed its farewell to Beverly. By then she was barely conscious, her naked
body almost totally covered with welts, cuts, bruises and burns. No area had
escaped being marked by some form of physical damage. The more popular sites
such as her shrunken breasts, distended genitals and flaccid buttocks had borne
the brunt of their assault. Her joints had proved to be a major attraction to
the more hard-hearted among them once they realized how much pain a single blow
from a wooden stick to her kneecap, elbow or jutting hipbone could create. The
brief private conversations ran the gamut from encouragement to wishes that she
would continue to suffer the torments of the damned. Some wished that she would
return to them so that they could continue to torment her until she ultimately
died from their ministrations. Others held out the hope that this final trial
would yield her peace and acceptance of her life. Whether Beverly really
understood what most of them were saying is a very mot point considering her
exhausted state."

	"The monitoring team had taken this final opportunity to fine tune their
techniques for collecting and analyzing the data that came from their subject.
The correlation between her pain and associated sexual response was now
incontrovertible. The sensors had proven to be capable of surviving severe
shocks and pressure changes without failing or becoming dislodged. All was in
readiness."

	"Beverly was taken down, returned by gurney to her room, placed in a
strait jacket, sedated and strapped into a special crib-like sleeper. She would
remain there, under constant observation, until it was time for her to be
transported to the deepest level of the hospital where she would remain for the
next two weeks."



					(There is more to come)




						True Love


						Chapter 8


	"Hell is usually described as a place of heat and darkness, strangely in
concert with the laws of physics. Level zero was an alternate vision, a cold,
constantly damp, harsh landscape of never ending day. It was here that the
massive machines ran continuously, providing water, heat, ventilation and power
to the upper levels of the hospital, or asylum, depending on one's position in
the building's human hierarchy. It was a world of constant noise and vibration,
so intense, so overwhelming, that those assigned to maintain this area always
wore ear protection and never spent more than four hours daily in this
environment. It was in this hell that Beverly would exist, alone much of the
time and unprotected from the oppressive onslaught on her senses."

	"The monitoring team immediately noticed significant changes in her
vital signs the moment she was wheeled from the freight elevator and then moved
to the holding cell for her final checkup before facing the horrors that awaited
her. She was taken from the strait jacket, leaving her stark naked and
shivering. Beverly was made to stand with her legs spread and her arms straight
up, allowing the trio complete access to her body. They began sponging her down
with acetone, a powerful degreasing chemical. Unlike their defenseless patient,
they were protected from the harsh cleanser by gloves and respirators. She began
to grow dizzy from the odor, but they ignored her discomfort, concentrating on
their task, which was to remove the thin layer of oil that was the body's last
line of protection from the elements."

   " She was then forced to squat with her arms extended outward from her sides.
One of the handlers began to use an electric trimmer to remove Beverly's hair.
To complete the job, a razor left her skull gleaming except for a number of
nicks caused by her uncontrollable shaking while she was being shaved. Finally
her baldhead was sponged thoroughly causing her to yelp in pain as the chemical
ate into the fresh nicks."
  
   " Plastic ties were looped around her wrists and twisted until she gasped as
they cut into her papery flesh. Heavy leg irons were used to hobble her. One of
her handlers struck her viciously across the shoulder blades with his wooden
baton when she was slow to react to his hand signal urging her to begin walking
toward the first chamber that had been readied for her."
  
   At this point I literally had to shake myself, so entranced had I become from
his story. It took a moment to regain my equilibrium, to move from the eerie
world of level zero to the comfortable, solid reality of this sitting room.
Leaning forward I asked, " How is it you speak as if you were in attendance?
Were you a part of the team of handlers?" 
  
   My host shook his head, a look of sadness quickly crossing and then
disappearing from his lined face. " I was usually given access to the tapes that
were made by the cameras monitoring what could be seen of her ordeal. There is
much however that could only be inferred, since many of her travails were
endured in total isolation except for the intrusive sensors that blindly did
what was programmed, leaving the interpretation to those merely interested in
keeping her alive so that she could endure still more. In retrospect I now
realize that this brilliant coup was just another soulless process for further
dehumanizing my true love. Beverly herself cannot recall many of the details
from her stay in that hellish place. Perhaps it is just as well that the full
story of her own personal Stations of the Cross remain shrouded in mystery.
Perhaps I have misspoken, but those are my true feelings on this matter. Now let
me continue with her story."
  
   "How interesting that many of her torments, including the initial one, were
associated with water, one of the four indestructible elements of creation. It
took her many long minutes to shuffle down the harshly lit corridor, all the
while her senses being battered by the steady noise and vibration that radiated
from the machines located behind the thick gray-green walls. Her chemical bath
had started to do its work, intensifying the cold that she felt now that her
flesh was utterly open to it. Every step was a major effort of the will. It was
very difficult for Beverly to focus on her private thoughts; the environment was
so brutally intrusive."
  
   "At last she reached her destination, a narrow, tiled room. Once inside she
was positioned so that she stood beneath a hole located in the ceiling, a few
feet above her. Looking at her, I was reminded of photographs of concentration
camp survivors, gaunt and shaven, their eyes vacant, almost as if they had
already died. Her handlers attached manacles to her wrists and pulled her arms
out and upward in order to anchor them to hooks embedded in the walls. A leather
hood was drawn tightly over her head. I immediately thought of a condemned
criminal about to be hung. Her captors vacated the room, closing the heavy door
on Beverly as she awaited her fate."
  
   "Suddenly with a tremendous roar a torrent of bitterly cold water thundered
down upon her. The cooling system for the entire hospital had been bypassed into
the small tiled room that she occupied. The sound was deafening and almost
immediately she disappeared from view as hundreds upon hundreds of gallons of
icy water buried her body from sight. Two cameras, one located in the ceiling,
the other within one of the walls, recorded the entire event that lasted exactly
five minutes and twenty-one seconds. For brief moments her body could be seen
being buffeted about by the brutal forces associated with this awesome
downpour."
  
   "Then as abruptly as it began, the flow ceased and the noise of the powerful
pumps that were taking the water back out into the recovery system could be
heard. She hung in her bonds, shivering uncontrollably from the combination of
the cold and the terrible pounding her body had received from this nightmarish
event. Minute after slow minute elapsed without any sign of activity from those
responsible for her." 
  
   " The first time I watched the tape I was in a rage, wondering why nothing
was being done about my true love's condition. Now I can say somewhat more
dispassionately that it took many minutes for the monitoring team to assess
whether Beverly had sustained major trauma, a situation that would require
retrieval by the handling team, or was in a recovering state. Unfortunately for
her, it was the latter case. Now it took more time for them to decide when or if
she would be able to undergo another treatment. It took nearly thirty minutes
for a decision to be made and instructions sent to those waiting outside the
chamber that housed Beverly."
  
   "When the door to Beverly's cell opened I experienced feelings of
ambivalence. I watched as they took her down from the hooks that held her limp
form. To my surprise they proceeded to fasten padded restraints around her
ankles, locking them tightly together. A series of plastic ties were wrapped
around her legs, reinforcing the ankle bonds. A set of metal cables was locked
into the padded ankle cuffs. Beverly's body was then raised until the cables
could be attached to a pair of eyebolts located on the perimeter of the water
manifold. When they released her, she hung upside down from her ankles, centered
below the opening in the ceiling. Of course Beverly could not know that she was
being prepared for another near drowning. In fact she was still terribly
disoriented from the previous event. As they left the room I watched fearfully
as her shivering body slowly rotated from the cables holding her aloft."
  
   " The sudden rush of water caught me by surprise even though I had already
experienced it once. For a few moments the soles of her feet bore the brunt of
the crushing flood of water. The impact forced her legs to bend at the knees and
then the delicate balance between her body and the powerful stream of water was
destroyed. She began to bounce wildly in mid air, her body moving randomly as it
was battered by the wall of water roaring down upon her. Unlike the initial
soaking, this one never totally obscured her. I watched, transfixed, as she
absorbed one brutal blow after another. I was sure that I was witnessing her
death; but this was not to be. Then it was over. This time the handling crew
entered immediately despite the chaos associated with the pumps removing the
water. They quickly released her from the cables and she disappeared through the
heavy door. It would be many long hours before I would know more of what new
terrors she was experiencing." 




						True Love


					            Chapter 9


	"During her lengthy stay at the hospital Beverly was examined by more
than one psychiatrist. Many of her sessions involved hypnosis. It is doubtful if
anything positive came from this activity; however a great deal of knowledge was
gained concerning her hidden fears. She had done such a good job in concealing
them that she was totally unaware, at the conscious level, of their existence.
During her time in level zero the information they possessed was used to
intensify her agonies. Imagine if you can, being physically weakened to the
point that you could barely form a coherent thought or take a deep breath
without severe pain. Now add to this the sudden realization that you now are
being confronted by powerful, irrational fears that literally paralyze you
physically."

   " After she was removed from the chamber and revived, they hung her by her
wrists, attached weights to her ankles, and began to flog her front and back,
using lengths of plastic weather stripping that left her bleeding from dozens of
gashes in her spidery veined skin. When she passed out they splashed icy,
brine-laced water over her body to revive her. The whipping resumed until they
received a signal from the monitoring team to terminate the beating. Beverly
hung there, still hooded, shivering and twitching as trickles of blood snaked
their way down her naked body. It was now time for her to face the demons that
waited. She would slowly begin to realize that there were unknown forces within
her that wanted to gain control"

	"Beverly was dragged to another cell, one located so close to one of the
machines that the odor of overheating lubricating oil could be easily detected.
At one time when the hospital was truly a hospital, this room was used to store
the bodies of those patients who had died. She was restrained using Velcro
straps that held her arms by her sides and kept her legs together.  The hood was
finally removed, blinding her for a few moments as her eyes attempted to adjust
to the harsh lighting. A rubber insert was jammed behind her back teeth,
propping her mouth open and tape was used to prevent her eyes from closing.
Finally a wide, wet leather strap was cinched tightly around her chest, forcing
her to take only shallow breaths. As it warmed and shrank, breathing would
become much more problematical.  Beverly struggled to accommodate her restraints
as she was unceremoniously shoved into the narrow locker and the hatch slammed
shut."

	"Almost immediately she began to hyperventilate, the first wave of
unreasoning panic beginning to engulf her. There was no light, just the
oppressive noise and vibration from the thundering machine operating only a foot
or so from where she lay entombed. She didn't know how long it took for her to
regain control. There was no time here, nor sense of space. She was in great
pain from the horrible battering she had endured as well as the savage beating
she had received some minutes, or was it hours ago? The constant assault on her
senses from the machine was wearing down what little resistance she still had.
Then the top of her tomb began to open slowly, and as it did masses of wiggling,
slimy creatures began to rain down upon her helpless body. Some fell into her
open mouth; others crawled across her eyeballs, leaving behind a trail of slime
that began to burn the sensitive membrane protecting her sight. Beverly was now
in hell!"

	"Worms are almost reclusive, living in the earth, beneath the seas and
even within unknowing hosts including man. Taken individually they appeared
harmless although their erratic motion and almost alien exterior could be
off-putting to more sensitive persons. However to be inundated with such
creatures in total darkness while at the same time fighting to retain one's
mental equilibrium from other external forces could be an overwhelming traumatic
experience. Such was the case for my true love. Within a minute of her first
contact with the wiggling horrors, Beverly's respiration and heartbeat
skyrocketed while her body temperature and blood pressure dropped dramatically.
Her fear had paralyzed her ability to draw breath, adding to the terrible panic
attack that she was experiencing. All this was being closely monitored. Another
minute elapsed as worms wiggled about inside her open mouth, tried to gain
passage into her ears and nostrils and even began to undulate across her
genitals. Beverly's mind was in growing turmoil as her senses were buffeted to
the point that there was nothing but utter and absolute fear. She was dying.
Suddenly there was harsh light and pounding noise; the handling team had opened
her coffin and she was being dragged from the locker, still covered with
earthworms. At that point she went into shock."

	"It was many hours before Beverly regained her senses. Once it was
apparent that she was coherent and able to react to stimulus they proceeded to
string her up once more and beat her senseless. This time they used rubber hoses
that left her body covered with multi-colored bruises. They deliberately
concentrated their efforts on her saggy breasts and crimson-lipped vulva,
pounding these areas until they were swollen grotesquely. To add to her agony
her nipples and labia were then injected with bee venom. These regions now were
so sensitive that merely touching them caused unbearable pain. When one of the
women squeezed and then yanked her distended breasts from her chest Beverly
passed out once again."

	"She had now spent almost a day and a half at level zero. During this
period she had received neither food not water. It was apparent that the poor
thing was in a dehydrated state. To address this issue and further torment her,
my darling underwent the water cure, a fiendish torture that she had endured
frequently during her stay at the hospital. She was strapped to a metal frame,
wrists and ankles manacled to its corners. Two metal bars provided support to
her neck and lower back. They forced her to swallow a length of rubber tubing.
The other end was attached to a tap located in the wall. Slowly, oh so slowly
Beverly was filled to bursting, the water flowing relentlessly through the
tubing and emptying into her stomach. Midway through the procedure a catheter
was inserted into her bladder and pinched off, preventing her from voiding. She
had not urinated since her arrival at level zero, not surprising in view of what
had occurred to her just prior and during her stay in this place of noise and
vibration."

	"Still not satisfied that their patient was suffering sufficient pain
and discomfort, further torments were developed and executed on her helpless
body. Plastic ties were wrapped around her thighs, upper arms, calves and
forearms, then twisted until the skin beneath them broke. During the Inquisition
heretics, especially women, were treated to this torture. Garroting of their
extremities cut off the circulation and caused the affected areas to become
bloated and discolored. The pain would be unbearable when the bindings were
released and the numbed areas developed feeling. A spiked ball about two inches
in diameter was buckled to her rounded belly by means of a strap. As the slow
flow of water gradually caused her stomach to become distended, the spiked ball
would be forced deeper and deeper into her flesh. Toward the end of her bloating
the ball had sunk halfway into her bleeding flesh."

   "At the request of the monitoring team, Beverly's vagina was penetrated by a
long, thick metal vibrator covered with random ridges and bumps. Once it was
properly seated by means of an expansion cuff its operation was remotely
controlled by the team located many floors above. This was her initial taste of
feedback from the embedded monitors she carried within her flesh. It proved to
be a nightmare. At first the stimulation of her genitals was a welcome intrusion
from the various tortures that were competing for her attention. Gradually
Beverly became one with the buzzing pleasure instrument burrowing away within
her hot, wet channel. Then when she was just moments from release of her sexual
tension the stimulation was abruptly terminated. A mixture of frustration and
renewed realization of the pain she was experiencing overcame her. Then as she
struggled to block out all this pain, the vibrator sprang back to life and the
cycle began again. Beverly was nearly catatonic when the team pronounced that it
was well satisfied that the feedback concept worked as originally conceived.
Much would be done with this in the days that followed."




					    	True Love


						Chapter 10


	"The vibrator became Beverly's constant companion, despite whatever else
was occurring to her. It churned and teased her to the brink of orgasm time
after time when she took a turn in the hot box, sweating off her precious liquid
reserves, eyes taped open, focused on the maddening bursts of high intensity
light blazing erratically from the strobe located less than a foot from her face
while drops of water, precisely measured and dispensed, relentlessly tattooed
her skull. It hummed and shook as she lay in total darkness in the locker being
bombarded with the noise and vibration from the machinery that kept the entire
hospital facility alive. It competed with the random bursts of screams, curses,
prayers and maniacal laughter that her captors piped into her dark world. On
occasion she would even recognize the voices; they belonged to someone she once
knew, the old Beverly, now sliding deeper and deeper into the abyss as the
others took control of her."

	"It was late on the third day of her journey that they brought in her
food supplier. Of course Beverly had no idea how long she had been in hell, she
merely existed in this timeless space. However the monitoring team decided that
she needed sustenance and so Beverly came face to face with this shroud of a
woman; a gaunt creature of translucent skin, protruding bones and hollows where
flesh once had been. She thought it odd that this shadowy presence should be so
inconsistent in shape, her angular dimensions being broken by a rounded paunch.
The poor thing had no explanation for this, no longer being capable of
connecting effect to cause. In truth they had force-fed the food supplier as if
she were a goose destined to be a source of pate'. The emaciated female had been
stuffed with rotted fruits, vegetables, gristle, maggot-ridden meat and mold
covered bread. She had been prevented from vomiting up this noxious mess by
means of a pear gag that had now been in place for nearly eight hours; plenty of
time for her own juices to have transformed her meal into an acrid soup."

	"A funnel was jammed down Beverly's throat. She was currently stretched
out on a low bench, wrists and ankles tightly tied to its legs. They had been
burning her armpits and rib cage with a fine tipped soldering iron for the past
hour and she had just recently been revived. The anorexic woman was bent over
the funnel and her gag removed. For almost a minute she stayed motionless,
unable to rid her stomach of the foul mass of filth that had been roiling her
insides for many hours. Suddenly one of Beverly's handlers performed a variation
of the Heimlich maneuver on the woman and she began to spew the contents of her
bulging stomach into the wide mouthed funnel. Almost simultaneously Beverly was
allowed to have her first orgasm since before she had been sedated in the
hospital ward. My darling began to suck down the regurgitated mess flowing into
the funnel as if it were haute cuisine. It would not take long for her to regret
her actions."

	"For the next few hours her handlers amused themselves by forcing her to
repeatedly vomit and then ingest her meal until her stomach muscles could no
longer adequately function. In concert with this activity they continued to use
the soldering iron to blister the paper-thin skin stretched over her rib cage.
Her limits were exceeded when they rubbed her sweat soaked armpits with flash
powder and ignited them simultaneously, the brief explosion of flame searing her
tender flesh and resulting in third degree burns that would be a constant source
of pain for the extent of her remaining time in level zero."

	"Beverly endured another stay in her coffin, shaking and reacting to the
incessant noise that was bombarding her senses. During her "rest period", some
inquisitive centipedes joined her. These carnivorous creatures were from the
tropics where they can grow to nearly a foot in length. She reacted violently as
they began to crawl over her blistered body. Their response was to use their
powerful mandibles and sharp claws to nip and inject her with a poison that
caused some swelling and severe pain that lasted for a matter of minutes. Panic
soon overcame her and she began to frantically thrash against the metal walls in
a mad attempt to crush her adversaries. Her movements were so constrained that
she only succeeded in irritating the insects further. This cycle repeated itself
for a very long time until her vital signs became so erratic that the monitoring
team called a halt to her torment. What happened to her next nearly pushed her
into total madness."

	"My darling pain addict revisited the narrow tiled room again to be once
more battered senseless by the torrents of water that thundered down on her
naked body, buffeting her about like she was a cork on a wave. Three times the
hospital's water system was routed into her torture chamber before they were
satisfied that she was at her limit of endurance. This time she was not returned
to the meat locker for another session of mental anguish. Beverly was instead
taken to the tank room, a place where a new horror awaited, the wheel. The
majority of this chamber was occupied by a huge tank of murky water. Within this
tank there was a metal wheel approximately six feet in diameter. She was too
dazed to understand the purpose of this arrangement."

	"Her captors began preparing her for this ordeal. Wide leather belts
were tightly cinched around her middle and chest, making breathing difficult. A
much larger vibrator was substituted for the one that had been tormenting her
for the last few days. It had been lubricated with a compound that immediately
began to irritate and then slowly eat into the very sensitive mucous membrane
that lined her vagina. An inflatable cuff prevented it from being dislodged. A
second tube of metal also lubricated with that awful burning compound was wedged
deep inside her rectum and locked into place. Her lids were taped to keep her
eyes wide, ready to be exposed to the watery environment that she soon would
occupy. Her mouth was propped open by a hard rubber dental fixture, completing
their preparations before she was secured to the wheel. She was stretched
painfully over the perimeter of the wheel, ankles and wrists pulled taut and
manacled to bars that were nested within the metal framework. As soon as her
handlers were clear the wheel began to rotate."
	
	"Within seconds Beverly's body broke the surface of the warm water head
first. She had not had any time to prepare herself for being submerged. Counter
balancing this was the fact that she was still suffering the effects of her
previous punishment, and therefore not capable of overreacting to this abrupt
transition. The wheel was rotating so fast that she was under no more than ten
seconds. When she reemerged there was barely time to take one breath before she
went under once again. It did not help matters that the leather straps around
her midriff and chest hindered her attempt to take in more than a minimal amount
of air. This was just a hint of what would befall her during the next hour."
	
	" It is doubtful that Beverly would have appreciated the sophisticated
interaction between the sensors embedded within her body and the microcomputer
that controlled the rotation of the wheel. There was no way for her to yet
realize that the twin vibrators buried in her were also part of the complex
feedback system that was beginning to function as a single unit. She was unaware
that there was a connection between her sexual responses to the insistent metal
probes churning away within her and the motion of the wheel. However there were
other, more subtle things going on that also had some say in what was to occur."
	
	"To a first order approximation the speed of the wheel was directly
related to her respiration and pulse. The machine rotated just fast enough for
her to get one quick breath in every cycle, and to be able to retain it while
she was beneath the water. Naturally with time Beverly would not be able to keep
pace with the relentless pace she herself had unknowingly established. However
there was an override command that was activated randomly. This stopped the
wheel from moving for exactly fifteen seconds, not a long period of time unless
she was under water and not anticipating the new strain on her lung capacity."
	
	 "The computer program had another subroutine that was extremely complex
in nature, and had caused much heated discussion among the staff because of the
claim that it would allow Beverly to literally torture herself to death through
her desire for sexual release. This was the reason for the two small machines
that were working to stimulate her sexually while at the same time she was
fighting to stay alive. There was now a tremendous conflict going on within
Beverly. On the one hand she had to concentrate her mind and will to meeting the
threat from the watery prison she occupied. However there was this overwhelming
urge to surrender totally to the pleasure of the titanic orgasm that she knew
was only minutes away if she gave it her full attention."
	
	"For hour after hour she was pushed to her limit by the insidious and
constant changes made to the wheel's motion. Time and again she had briefly
surrendered to the urge to breath water. Each time the machine would adjust to
give her just enough time to cough up the brackish water from her lungs before
resuming the unending cycle of air and water. All the time there was the
insistent temptation for her to give in to the sexual stimulation she was
receiving. The probes would change the amount and type of stimulation she was
getting, reflecting the increase or decrease in her endorphin levels, a good
measure of the amount of pain she was dealing with at any time. She seemed to be
perpetually balanced on the edge of a finely honed sword. Her frustration
increased as she traded pain for pleasure, only to have the vibrating tools
intensify the sexual pleasure she was experiencing. Back and forth she went;
pain, pleasure, pain, pleasure. There was no end to it. She began to despair, to
wish for an end to her sufferings. If only she could stop the cursed machine
from saving her from herself. At some level she began to understand that she had
lost control, she was finished. Hours later when it became apparent that Beverly
had retreated deep into a plane of existence isolated from the world of level
zero, this ordeal was interrupted. Her sodden, wrinkled body was hosed off and 
stored away inside the meat locker to give her some time to recover what was
left of her sanity."




					      True Love


					   Chapter 11


	"When they removed Beverly from the tube she was taken to still another
cell in this dreary complex. She was conscious, but not responsive. They
strapped her down to a cold, metal table with a rubber brake straining her jaws
to their limit. My true love lay silent and motionless as her temples were
swabbed with an acrid paste. More of this was slathered on the insides of her
thighs, rib cage, and jaw line. She paid no attention to what was being done,
her eyes focused on the overhead lights that burned down on the room. The tubes
of metal still stretched her holes, but they had been turned off ever since her
removal from the water tank."

	"The first jolt caused her to rise almost completely off the table, her
rigid body straining against the straps that held her fast. No sooner had she
sagged back onto the table when she was hit with another burst of electricity
that flowed between the metal pads now buried in the conducting paste on her
temples. Her eyes began to rapidly blink as the rush of burning pain raced
through her brain, killing thousands of cells in the process. Again and again
the switch was thrown, slowly frying her brain into a puddle of disorganized
connections. When Beverly vomited, they realized that it was time to work on
other areas of her fragile anatomy."

	"Her rib cage area proved to be a very poor choice for this treatment.
It had already been burned and battered to the point that every breath was
painful. The first hit literally paralyzed her lungs as the powerful surge of
electrical power arced across her body. It took almost a minute for the
monitoring team to react to this totally unexpected result. She had taken two
more doses through her shivering torso before the abort command reached her
torturers. The team stood back unsure of what to do to prevent their patient
from slipping away from them. Her face began to turn an ugly shade of blue, her
failed lungs unable to provide life-sustaining oxygen. To add to the dilemma
Beverly had managed somehow to swallow her tongue."

	"Had the handling team been limited only to non-medical personnel there
is no doubt that the love of my life would have died on that table. Fortunately
for her there was a young doctor in attendance that day in part because there
was some concern about her ability to withstand the strain associated with
electroshock treatments. It was this newcomer who finally took command of the
panic stricken group of people who stood there immobilized by their ignorance
while Beverly drifted away to whatever was her ultimate destiny. In less time
than it takes to tell he freed her tongue and began CPR. Within minutes an
emergency team had arrived with a portable ventilator. Somehow she managed to
survive. What was even more amazing was the fact that her vital signs were now
almost completely restored to their previous state before the shock treatments
had begun. The medical staff had no explanation for this remarkable fact."

	"It was decided to continue her shock treatments, avoiding paths that
could halt the function of critical organs such as her lungs, heart and brain.
That left them with a variety of very painful, but non-lethal options, and they
immediately began to exercise them. Beverly had endured many incredibly painful
dental procedures during her stay in the hospital, which had left a number of
her teeth capped, filled or jacketed with various metal alloys that had been
specifically used to maximize her pain. When they began to pump electricity
through her jaw terrible things happened. The passage of electricity through the
metal in her mouth caused it to heat up and thus expand. In the case of filled
teeth this caused tremendous pressure to be brought on the surrounding enamel.
Those capped or jacketed began to transmit the terrible heat into the sensitive
pulp of the teeth as well as the soft tissue of her gums. Beverly began to
shriek in agony, pounding her head violently against the table in an insane
attempt to knock herself unconscious. The poor emaciated dear was much too weak
to accomplish her objective."

	" Those monitoring her observed a tremendous jump in her endorphin
levels, a sure sign that she was experiencing terrible pain. Unfortunately those
torturing her were oblivious to what was actually occurring within her mouth,
until the first tooth shattered sending pieces of enamel and bone flying into
the air. Once more there was general consternation from the level zero group and
a frantic scramble on the part of the monitoring team to regain control of the
situation. All the while Beverly was getting a small taste of what it must be
like to be in hell. This lasted for only a few brief seconds because her
self-preservation instincts took over and she went into shock. It would be
nearly a day before she regained consciousness."

	"You cannot imagine my anger and despair when I was informed of the
situation. I immediately traveled to the hospital and met with its management
and those responsible for handling and monitoring this exotic creature who had
enslaved me. By the time I arrived my rage had subsided sufficiently to hear
their assessment of her condition along with a prognosis based on the data they
had collected. Neither was optimistic. I was momentarily crushed. It appeared as
if all her suffering had been for naught. She would live, but likely not the
life of a normal person. They thought that her mental faculties had been
severely compromised and that she might also be physically crippled. I could not
imagine life with a bed-bound vegetable. It was not fair to either of us!"

	"Fortunately for all concerned Beverly made a miraculous recovery,
coming back to life with her faculties intact, almost refreshed and eager to
continue her journey to peace and understanding. To say that I was ambivalent in
my response to this news would be an understatement. My true love seemed to have
survived her brush with eternity relatively unscathed. However this incident
reinforced my private fear that she would eventually succumb to the vagaries of
chance as she continued to risk all in her quest. The very people she trusted to
drive her unwilling mind and body to a place of freedom and knowledge also
possessed the capability to destroy her through one misstep. I was certain that
what had just happened was a harbinger of her ultimate fate in level zero. Their
faith in science, technology, reason and logic was the flaw that would bring her
journey to a close well short of her desired destination." 




					     True Love


					  Chapter 12

	"A new team of handlers was appointed, including two women. They wasted
little time introducing themselves to Beverly. Her regimen was modified based on
her previous reactions to the various procedures she had endured and her current
physical status. There was not sufficient time available to come to any
meaningful conclusion concerning her mental state. For the better part of three
days Beverly got her fondest wish, to be shown no mercy."

	"I have neither the time nor the inclination to go into detail
concerning the things that were done to this already weakened shell of a woman.
It is doubtful that she was able to sleep for more than a few minutes at a
stretch during this intensive period of torment. Not only did she revisit such
places as the "shower" and tank rooms, she spent hour after hour alternating
between frigid baths in brine solutions and mindlessly thrashing about in tubs
of heated oil, as portions of her unprotected skin sloughed from her body. She
was forced to consume soap, vinegar and fiery chili peppers that literally
burned the lining of her mouth and throat. To add to her torment these meals
were followed with huge amounts of water that was forced into her shrunken
stomach via tubing that she either swallowed or had inserted through her
nostrils. Even as her belly rounded then bulged from the torrent of water that
flowed into it, her captors made sure that she had other pain to deal with."

	"They gave her feet a great deal of attention. Beverly's legs were
raised and roped tightly to the posts attached to the bench to which she was
strapped while she was being bloated. The soles of her feet were beaten with
lengths of rubber tubing loaded with lead shot. Then live steam was used to
scald the swollen flesh until the tough skin split open. She passed out
frequently as they slowly parboiled her heels, then moved to the instep and
finally the balls of her now scarlet feet. Still far from being satisfied they
began to drive hatpins beneath her toenails, as many as five metal slivers were
wedged under the nails of her big toes causing terrible pain. When they began to
heat the lengths of thin metal, she screamed and shrieked until her voice
cracked, pounding her head against the bench in hopes of knocking herself out.
The process was repeated until the very sensitive flesh beneath each toenail had
been seared."

	"She endured numerous sessions on the wheel in the tank room. At first
her new handlers tried to bring her as close to drowning as was possible,
depending on the data from the sensors to monitor progress. An added element to
this torment involved having her share the tank with various large and small
swimming creatures. Beverly wore special goggles that prevented her from seeing
her companions, leaving it to her imagination to decide on their appearance and
threat capabilities. The first session went well, Beverly proved to be her own
worst enemy, reacting violently to any physical contact she had with these
things she could not see."

	"Subsequent sessions proved to be even more stressful. The next time
they added leeches to the tank's population. By the time Beverly was removed
from the tank, dozens of these blood-sucking worms, as large as four inches in
length, had attached themselves to her pitifully thin body, feasting on it. When
they revived Beverly and allowed her to realize what her mind had only imagined,
she had a massive panic attack that totally incapacitated her. Then the
blood-bloated leeches were torn from her body, usually leaving behind the plates
of teeth the worms used to make their hideous connection. To compound the horror
that she was experiencing they collected the leeches and later force-fed them to
her while she was undergoing other tortures."

	"When it once again came time for her "swim", as they described it among
themselves, it took three handlers using every bit of strength they could employ
to fasten the madly struggling wraith of a woman to the wheel. She was so panic
stricken that as soon as she went under the warm, murky water her lungs began to
fill with water. This behavior continued intermittently for over an hour.
Finally they left her partially submerged, but free to breath, and totally alone
in the tank room. Gradually Beverly calmed down to the point that they could
begin to cycle her slowly, leaving her totally submerged for longer and longer
periods of time. Soon she was struggling to avoid taking the brackish water into
her lungs, a normal response for a sane person. It was then that they loosed a
new horror on her."

	"Beverly was so preoccupied by her efforts to avoid drowning that she
failed to notice that a pair of newcomers had joined her. It took a few minutes
for one of them to react to her struggling. Feeling threatened, the yard long
fish, popularly known as an electric eel, delivered nearly two hundred volts to
its adversary.  Beverly was totally submerged at the time and this terrible jolt
of electricity paralyzed her immediately. As the first of a series of spasms
shuddered through her body, water poured down her throat and through her
nostrils, flooding her lungs. This time the handlers were prepared and in less
than two minutes she was out of the tank and undergoing CPR. Still it took many
minutes before the combination of CPR and a number of shocks from a portable
defibrillator restored her vital signs. However this time more damage than was
apparent to those handling and monitoring her had occurred. It would be another
day before they realized that her limit for fear had been breached, and it's
terrible consequences."




					       True Love


				                  Chapter 13


	"As soon as Beverly regained consciousness and was judged to be capable
of enduring more pain they resumed torturing her. Up until then there had been a
great debate between the doctors concerning the role that sex should play in her
ordeal. One group felt that withholding sexual relief constituted a way of
frustrating her to the point that she would suffer severe mental anguish. Others
pointed out that sex combined with pain seemed to intensify both elements of her
psyche, and therefore should be a useful adjunct to the procedures that they
were employing to provide the highest level of physical pain. A compromise of
sorts was agreed to by the parties; Beverly would be allowed, even forced to
have orgasms while she was tortured. This approach would be used continuously
for a period of twenty-four hours. At that point a decision would be made
concerning which approach to employ until her stint in level zero was
concluded."

	"Minor surgery without anesthetic was performed on her clitoral hood,
snipping it back to allow her "hot button" to be even more sensitive to
stimulation. Another marvel of modern technology, a tiny metal cap capable of
vibrating or generating a rather impressive electrical shock to her clitoris was
stitched in place, sort of acting as a substitute for her surgically modified
clitoral hood. She was then douched with a solution that prevented her vagina
from lubricating. It had to be used carefully for fear that it would literally
burn away the mucous membrane lining of her birth canal. To judge the
effectiveness of this procedure one of the women donned a latex glove liberally
coated with a nettle-based paste and began to work her hand into my helpless
lady's vagina."

	"For the next hour Beverly was fisted continuously by the two women from
the handling team as she writhed in agony from the brutal scraping of her bone
dry cunt. She also attempted to deal with the swelling and itching associated
with the tiny silica needles filled with histamine that came from the nettle
paste covering the gloved fists that moved like pistons between her vulva and
uterus. Combating the terrible pain that Beverly so dearly loved was the sexual
pleasure she also loved, its genesis the tiny machine humming and sparking as it
stimulated her exposed clitoris to trigger a series of steadily intensifying
orgasms that rippled and pulsed through her straining body. Pain and pleasure,
in concert, then in opposition, pulling her from one side to the other, growing
stronger with each orgasm and convulsion, coming closer, than parting, a
maniacal dance to music that could not be heard, only sensed at some level
beyond consciousness."

	"It is not possible, as a man, to adequately describe the pleasure that
Beverly must have experienced during that day. The closest I can come is the
"little death".  As you probably know, the French have a word or phrase for
everything. It is also beyond my ability to describe the feelings that a
masochist such as my true love could have derived from the cruel tortures she
endured at the same time. Suffice to say that these opposing and at times united
forces tore away the final layers of protection she possessed."

	"Satisfied with the preliminary tests, her handlers set about to push
Beverly to her limits. They brought her to a very large room that had the
appearance of a medieval dungeon and stretched her out upon a wooden table,
fixing her wrists and ankles securely to ringbolts so that she was in the form
of a straining X, eyes staring up at the strange apparatus hanging over the
table. To complete her immobilization a metal collar held her head against the
table, preventing any motion. A long, thick vibrator covered with studs was
abruptly shoved deep into her cunt, bringing a gasp of pain from the helpless
captive. It was held in place using an epoxy-based glue that set in a matter of
seconds. The only way this devilish device could be removed by anyone except the
handler, would require the loss of considerable skin from her extremely
sensitive vulva, already inflamed from the nettles embedded by the lengthy
fisting she had just received."

	"A switch was thrown and the apparatus slowly descended, revealing
itself to be a bed of nails. Beverly cringed automatically as the nails
approached her naked body. The machinery controlling the bed's descent slowed
dramatically just before making contact with her body. Beverly had no
understanding of the fact that the nails were spring loaded, even when they
began to make contact with her stretched skin. Slowly the nails formed almost a
second skin over Beverly, yet her flesh was not pierced. From neck to ankles
hundreds, perhaps thousands of sharp nails were poised to do terrible damage to
her. Then the machinery stopped completely. When she took a deep breath of
relief the spring-loaded nails penetrated her shrunken breasts. The shock of the
unexpected pain caused her to struggle, bringing more pain as other areas of her
body were pricked to the point that tiny drops of blood began to dot her pasty
skin. Then the vibrator sprang into life at the same time as the clitoral cap
sent a small jab of electricity through her and it too began to throb."
	
	"For the next few hours Beverly experienced waves of pleasure from the
two instruments working on her sex organs. She paid a high price for these
orgasms, betrayed by her body that thrashed and bucked against the spring-loaded
nails, turning itself into a slab of bleeding meat with each new paroxysm that
exploded from the core of her being. Pain versus pleasure, pain intensifying
pleasure, pleasure driving the pain, slowly fusing into one overwhelming
sensation that blotted out the outside world of level zero. She was approaching
that thing that she knew, but did not understand. It was close, so close. She
had to let it absorb her and thereby set her free. Then there was the void,
nothingness; she had been found wanting once more."
	
	"It was the monitoring team that called a halt to Beverly's quest. The
sensor readings for her vital signs had reached dangerous levels, well beyond
any they had previously recorded. In light of recent events that had brought
their "patient" to the brink of death, caution overcame curiosity. Even with the
mechanical aids temporarily shut off, she continued to shudder and quake through
a number of sympathetic orgasms before becoming comatose. The bed of nails was
raised from her bleeding torso allowing her a brief respite to regain what
little strength she still possessed."
	
	"To all extents and purposes Beverly had been transported both in time
and space back to the days of the Spanish Inquisition. It was no coincidence
that this room had the feel and appearance of a dank dungeon buried in the
bowels of the earth, a place where the heretic was shown the error of her ways
and offered a choice of salvation or an agonizing death. For the rest of her
time in this chamber of horrors my true love would be treated as if she were an
enemy of the Church, possessed by Satan himself."
	
	" Her frail body was carried over to the modern version of the rack, a
gleaming metal marvel easily capable of stretching her limbs to the point that
their joints failed and the tendons were torn from the bone. Before it had been
modified for this terrible purpose the machine was used to test the mechanical
strength of various components. Unlike the rack it held its prey in a vertical
position and used hydraulics rather than leveraged wheels to develop the
enormous power required to literally tear heavy metal parts to pieces."
	
	"  Beverly's wrists and ankles were securely locked into the sliding
columns, and the machine was activated. The movement of the columns was rapid at
first, then as the strain on her shoulders and hips reached the point that a
groan escaped her lips from the first stab of pain, they slowed to an almost
imperceptible pace. Her groans turned to screams as the inexorable pressure
continued to build up in her joints. Then the machine went into neutral holding
Beverly's trembling body taut as a violin string. In this agonizing position she
presented many opportunities for her tormentors to add to her pain, and they
quickly took advantage of the situation."
	
	"Now Beverly was exposed to another of the indestructible elements of
creation, fire, in all its forms. She had some prior knowledge of its strength,
but now it would be experienced full force. She watched through eyes narrowed to
slits by the constant pain generated in her limbs as a brazier filled with
glowing coals was wheeled over to where she hung, straining in agony. This
primitive device seemed both appropriate for the dungeon like room that
currently housed her, and out of place when contrasted to the gleaming machine
that was poised to literally tear her limbs from her body. One of the handlers
began to place metal rods and branding irons into the bed of coals. They made a
hissing sound that reminded her of snakes ready to strike. Beverly turned her
eyes away, unwilling to count the number of torture instruments that occupied
the brazier, knowing full well that all would be used on her, perhaps more than
once."
	
	"One of the standard torments visited upon suspected heretics by the
Inquisition involved rubbing the victim with sulfur and then setting it afire.
In the case of women, their private parts, underarms, breasts and areas around
the face were prime areas for this form of torture. This was done to Beverly,
the only difference being that instead of sulfur, a form of gunpowder was
employed. The material was sprinkled over her flattened breasts, making sure
that liberal quantities covered her stiff nipples. Then one of the rods, now
glowing red was brought close to first one nipple then the other, setting off a
flash of intense heat that charred the flesh beneath the powder as it ignited.
Even though she was stretched to her limit, an immobile length of quivering
flesh and muscle, Beverly's body reacted involuntarily to the enormous pain. She
shrieked as her shoulders began to slip from their sockets. At this point the
glowing rod was laid across her shrunken breasts burning a deep furrow into her
flesh and searing the charred nipples anew. Beverly passed out from the pain,
her mind unable to handle multiple sources of agony occurring simultaneously."
	
	"For a period of hours Beverly shrieked until her vocal cords failed,
then made unworldly sounds instead as again and again and again her body was
anointed with the black powder that now adhered easily to her sweating skin and
then burned to the bone with glowing rods or branding irons after the exploded
powder had seared away the upper layer of her stretched skin. With time it
became more and more difficult to rouse her from where she retreated when the
pain overcame her body's defense mechanisms. It finally reached the point that
when they were branding her spavined buttocks they didn't bother to revive her
after she passed out the second time. Finally the monitors called a stop to this
treatment as the deterioration in Beverly's vital signs began to approach those
generated by her last visit to the tank."
	
	" Through it all, the terrible machine had kept her body stressed to its
limits. Now her handlers could not resist temptation, they engaged the machine
once more at its lowest rate setting and stood back to watch. Within a few
seconds there was a series of loud pops as Beverly's shoulders and hips were
pulled from their sockets. It was this insanely foolish decision that cost me my
only true love"




					      True Love


					    Chapter 14


	"Beverly went into shock and remained in a coma for nearly two weeks.
Every resource that the hospital could bring to bear was employed in a frantic
effort to sustain her life. They had managed to stabilize her situation, but she
remained comatose; fed intravenously, breathing with the aid of a ventilator,
monitored continuously, tended round the clock by a team of medical personnel. I
spent nearly all my waking hours at her side, numbed by fear, dreading the
terrible possibility that I would be deprived of my only true love for the rest
of my existence. My sleep was awash with nightmares, wild phantoms that bubbled
up from my subconscious, warped by their journey, impossible to interpret, but
ominous in their portent."

	"One night, without any hint, she returned to our world. I was
immediately informed and rushed to her room. To my dismay Beverly gave no sign
that she recognized me. I was assured that this was not abnormal under the
circumstances and urged to be patient. Realizing that I was powerless in this
situation, I attempted to follow the advice of the doctors. It was a most trying
task."

	"A week dragged by and then another. Beverly started to make physical
progress, but her mental state was still to be determined. It was discovered
that her vocal cords had been severely damaged during her lengthy ordeal, and
she was unable to speak. She did however react to people's voices, an
encouraging sign.  The doctors gave me a very positive prognosis concerning her
ability to regain the use of her vocal cords, but were ambivalent about anything
having to do with her mental condition."
	
	"At my urging the staff began to address the issue of repairing the
physical damage that had been done to Beverly during her stay at the hospital,
especially her ten days in level zero. To their credit they came up with a
number of innovative procedures that allowed them to fully restore many severely
damaged portions of her body, and in cases where this was not feasible utilize
advanced plastic surgery techniques combined with space age materials to almost
completely disguise the terrible scars and burned areas that could not be
regenerated."
	
	"During the many months that it took to almost completely rebuild
Beverly's body, she began to show signs of recovering her memory. Of even
greater significance she was beginning to demonstrate that her mental faculties
had not suffered irreversible damage. As predicted by the doctors, her ability
to speak returned slowly and steadily until she was once more able to
communicate without the use of hand gestures or grunts. Still I continued to
have this unsettling feeling that the woman I loved had not returned."
	
	"The attention of the staff began to concentrate more on her mental
status as her physical rehabilitation continued to progress satisfactorily. A
number of independent psychiatric evaluations were made to assess her situation.
There was significant consensus concerning her condition. As I already knew,
there were selective gaps in her memory that did not appear to have any pattern
to them. Nymphomania was still a dominant characteristic, muted to a degree by
her physical condition. She remained a confirmed masochist, but the strong
connection between these two personality characteristics had been compromised
somewhat, not surprising when considered against what had occurred to her during
her stay at the hospital. Her self-worth, esteem, confidence, call it what you
may, was almost non-existent. This too they judged to be a legacy of her ordeal.
In her mind she had failed to achieve what she was seeking. Of course no one
except Beverly knew what that was."
	
	"It took time, but gradually Beverly and I began to rebuild our
relationship, a process that continues to this day. To my relief she started to
acknowledge me as someone from her pre-hospital days, one who cared about her.
However to my dismay she was unable to grasp the depths of my love for her. That
is a part of her that never has returned. To this day my love for her saturates
every fiber of my being. Tragically she is incapable of returning this feeling.
In many ways ours is a marriage of convenience. I am not her husband; rather I
am her slave. I am not her lover, merely her procurer. I still am the one
standing just beyond the harsh light that illuminates her as she continues her
search for the rest of her being. It is ironic that I am unable to be her guide
because she isn't even aware of the fact that she is incomplete. Yet this hidden
urge to recombine drives her every action. Lately I have begun to despair as I
accept the obvious that the missing portion is as they say, "Beyond the ken";
forbidden to us that have not dared to try to escape the gravity that binds us
to this earthly prison. I cannot avoid being reminded of the words of T. S.
Eliot, " This is the way the world ends, this is the way the world ends, not
with a bang but a whimper."
	
	I sat there stunned at what he had revealed to me, a person who he had
just met a few hours ago. For a moment I wondered why, and then dismissed the
question from my mind. There was still time tonight to assist Beverly in her
other directed search for herself. It was the least I could do for him and her.
	
	
					(There is no more to be said)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex Ludite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





