BDSM Library - Alice's Adventures in Mooland




Alice's Adventures in Mooland
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Alice racing on her bicycle, takes a corner on a steep moorland hill too fast and is catapulted over a stone wall. Seeing it happen, Bill jumps to her rescue but the pair slide on the wet grass and fall down a hole to a strange gathering.
Alice's Adventures in Moorland

Synopsis

Alice racing on her bicycle, takes a corner on a steep moorland hill too fast
and is catapulted over a stone wall. Seeing it happen, Bill jumps to her rescue
but the pair slide on the wet grass and fall down a hole to a strange gathering.



Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF FF MM NC Rom

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material

-or-

if viewing this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete
this file-story now.





This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003




Alice's Adventures in Moorland

by obohobo

(With apologies to Lewis Caroll)

Chapter 1. Descent to Moorland

Alice Williamson, 'pumped iron', to use her term, as she forced the pedals of
her bicycle round on the long uphill drag to the top of the pass over the
Yorkshire moors. Gaudily dressed in colourful Lycra, the young girl sweated in
the early spring sunshine. It was her usual Sunday morning training ride. On
this Easter Sunday, the narrow roads were very quiet; the tourist season hadn't
really started. It was still only 8:15 and at that early hour, rarely did she
see anyone or have to pull over for a car to pass. At a little over sixteen
years old she was considered a 'junior' by the Harrogate and District Cycling
Club and therefore she stood a good chance of the top prize in that category in
the five peaks race scheduled for later in the year, a race that required plenty
of stamina and these uphill and down dale rides provided good training for her.

"Not long now before I get to the top and can freewheel down the hairpins,"
Alice thought to herself as she slipped into a lower gear for the last and
steepest part of the climb. Sweat glistened on her fit and trim body as she
lifted her arse from the saddle and 'danced' on the pedals. She knew she was
pushing herself hard and the time on the stopwatch fixed to the handlebars
showed she had beaten her previous best by several minutes. But she could feel
it in the muscles of her legs.

Cresting the hill she glanced at the hairpin bends before her and the adrenaline
began flow as she readied herself for the rapid and somewhat hair raising, if
exhilarating descent to the valley. Having previously done the route many times
in all weathers she knew exactly where to start each turn to get to the bridge
across the gill at the bottom in the shortest time. The corners were so tight on
many of the turns it took nerve and courage not to slow down and it meant
cutting the corners as fine as possible. Still with no traffic to hinder her,
that was not a problem.

*****

Bill Entwistle spoke to his father, "I'll take Russ and walk over the top moor
to see how the sheep are doing."

"Aye, lad," replied his father, "You think you know what to look for now you've
been at college for two years?"

"Of course, dad. I haven't forgotten everything you showed me!" Whistling, he
started up the winding lane from the farmhouse. Halfway up Bill spoke to the
dog, "Russ, I guess I've lost some of my fitness sitting all day at agricultural
college. There was a time when I could run up this hill." At the last but one
hairpin he saw the orange, yellow and black colours of the cyclist as she began
the descent. "Russ, sit!" Obediently the dog sat at the side of the road looking
at his master, then at the colourful spectacle speeding down the road. Its
hackles rose. Bill held the dog's collar as he watched the girls sweep round the
first bend at a tremendous pace.

Alice, head down swung round the bend, "One down," she counted to herself. She
prepared for the next corner when out of the corner of her eye she saw the boy
and his dog. "Damn, where did they spring from. Momentarily distracted, she was
fractionally wide of the line for the bend. Her bike left the road, hit the low
stone wall, she catapulted over the handlebars and landed face up on the steep
grassy slope of the field beyond the wall. Fortunately her helmet protected her
head from the impact to some extent but the force of the landing violently
expelled most of the air from her lungs. Slowly she began sliding down the
slope. Feverishly she tried digging her heels in to slow her downward progress
but any slowing of her slide was negligible. Cycling shoes didn't have much in
the way of a heel and the soles were smooth apart from the rubber bar that
fitted the pedals. It was her helmet that dug into the soil and slowed her slide
for a while until it caught on a rock and was ripped from her head.

Looking up Alice saw Bill leap the wall and start descending towards her. Even
his work boots couldn't get much of a grip on the smooth, damp hillside grass
but he was able to control his progress a little. Slithering and sliding he
caught up with Alice and stretched out his hand to her. She clasped it tightly
like a drowning woman but the increased weight caused Bill to overbalance and
the pair slid faster down the hill with only stones and rock between them and a
sheer drop of two hundred feet. Managing to get his heels dug in again, Bill
slowed but could not halt their downward progress. Suddenly the ground opened
and together they dropped vertically downward for a short way and then rolled as
hole became and decline. "Must have found an old mine shaft," Bill thought as
they both fell, "This has got to be the end of us." Thoughts flashed through his
mind as to what he should have done to prevent this fall. Alice still tightly
gripped Bill's hand as though he was still going to save her. The decent seemed
to go on for ever, but their downward speed hadn't increased significantly.

"Bong!" The pair hit the bottom and immediately were thrown several feet upwards
again only to return to the rubber mattress and be thrown up again. After half a
dozen bounces the finally rested on the mat.

Bill lay obscenely on top of Alice.

"It's two humans. What will the Duchess say. It makes a change from sheep. We
must get that catch fixed."

"Yes, she'll like the look of them I'm sure and it seems he was going to shag
her if we hadn't caught them." The voice this time was more feminine.

Alice and Bill looked in the direction of the voices and were amazed to see the
upper parts of two white rabbits peering at them over the edge of a platform. It
was quickly obvious they weren't real rabbits but rabbit costumes.

"Get off the platform and let us have a look at you," the male rabbit commanded.
Scrambling to the floor, Alice and Bill stood side by side both still in shock
at not only having survived the fall uninjured but being confronted by the two
strangely and somewhat obscenely dressed people.

"Who are you?" Bill asked as he stared at the sight in front of them. Alice
again took Bill's hand as if he could somehow help, in any case it was a
comfort.

"I'm Peter Rabbit and this is Petra Rabbit," introduced Peter, "And you are?"

"Bill Entwistle."

"And who is your girlfriend who is staring so rudely at us?" Petra asked. Alice
was indeed staring. The costumes the pair wore were not quite like those seen in
theatrical shows. Both were cut away at the groin to show their sexual organs
and Petra's had two frontal openings to allow her breasts to poke through. While
she waited for an answer, Petra turned round and bent over. No fabric covered
her arse either but inside her arsehole was a butt plug with a fluffy white tail
attached. "Well who is your girlfriend?" she asked again when she faced Bill
again.

"I don't know who she is," stuttered Bill, "We only just met." Alice still
stared unbelievingly and seemed speechless.

"An unlikely story," Peter stated, "You were having a tumble in the grass and
rolled on to our escape trapdoor, and you say you don't know her name. You were
even holding hands like you are now, when you slid on to the platform."

At last words came. "I'm Alice, Alice Williamson. My cycle hit the wall and....
I really don't remember too much more." Her eyes went from one rabbit to the
other, embarrassedly looking first at Petra's prominent breasts and her smooth
shaven cuntal slit and then to Peter's semi erect cock. "Where are we? Are we
alive? Why ...? What....?"

"You are in Moorland, Alice," Peter answered, "And yes, you are alive but what
will happen to you will be up the Duchess to decide. Follow me." Peter and Petra
set off along a well lit tunnel, Bill and Alice followed watching the two bare
arses and wagging tails as they went. Bill's cock began to harden. The tunnel
went for a considerable distance before opening out into a small chamber. "Wait
here," Peter ordered.

They sat side by side on a stone seat and waited. Tears began to flow from
Alice's eyes. Bill produced a handkerchief and put his arms comfortingly around
her shoulders. "This has got to be a dream, Bill," she said.

"If it is, then I'm having it too," he replied. He pinched Alice's thigh and she
yelped with the pain.

"I felt that. It was real enough for me and I can remember smelling the perfume
on the rabbits and I don't think you can smell things in dreams. Wonder how long
we have to wait?"

"And who is the Duchess," Bill interjected. At that moment Peter and Petra
reappeared and each taking a hand led Alice and Bill into another chamber.




Chapter 2. Initiation

"I must be dreaming," muttered Alice as her mind tried to make sense of what her
eyes saw, "It can't be anything else. But it's all so very real. The noises, the
smell, the atmosphere. And these rocks seems solid enough." She thumped the wall
with her hand and winced at the pain it caused. Both she and Bill hesitated to
go further into the room than they already were. A tug on the wrists pulled them
on and Petra whispered, "Don't annoy the Duchess by keeping her waiting."

The lofty chamber was about the size  and shape of a tennis court. Along each of
the sidewalls people were lined up, males on the right hand wall and females
along the left. All dressed theatrically. Indeed the whole set-up had an unreal
show-biz air about it. Many of the people wore animal costumes like Peter and
Petra and at a quick glance Alice noticed, foxes, lions, tigers, cats, rams as
well as another pair of white rabbits. The rest were dressed as princes or
princesses. All had their groin area naked and all the females showed their
breasts. Most seemed middle aged although one or two might have been in their
twenties and there were some very elderly people too.

At the far end of the room on an elaborate throne, sat a large woman, the
Duchess. Her ample breasts completely overflowed the top of her dress, their
dark areolas and hard nipples fully on view. She sat with legs widely spread
displaying a luxuriant growth of black pubic hair already sticky with her own
juices and semen from her male companions. "Her's is the only cunt with hair,"
noted Bill and then he noticed none of the men had hair around their cocks
either. More disgustingly still in Alice's mind, was the fact that in each hand
the Duchess held the cocks of the princes or they might have been knaves, Alice
didn't know the difference then, standing on either side of the throne. Alice
believed they had stumbled on some orgiastic sex cult and in this she wasn't far
wrong.

Peter bowed low, Petra curtsied. "Who are these intruders that dared to
interrupt us?" The Duchess's high pitched voice demanded.

"They say their names are Alice and Bill, your Highness," answered Peter.

"They seem very arrogant and impolite. Why haven't they bowed and knelt before
me?"

"Bow and then kneel," Petra whispered to Bill.

"I'm not kneeling to that old woman," Bill replied defiantly loud enough for all
to hear.

For a few moments there was a deathly silence, then all the onlookers began to
chant, "Strip them! Whip them! Strip them! Whip them! Strip them! Whip them!
Strip them! Whip them! Strip them! Whip them!"

"SILENCE!!" roared the Duchess. A hush descended over the chamber. "So," she
went on, "We save your miserable lives for without the trap you would have slid
over the edge of the cliffs to the rocks below, and you cannot even pay homage
to me as the ruler of this community, Indeed you seek to belittle me in front of
my people. If you wish to see your pathetic homes again, I suggest you do as
ordered. I do not...."

"I beg your pardon, Duchess," Alice interrupted, "I am sorry if we offended you
but we are not of your world and do not know of your customs....."

"So the little bitch in the most unsuitable garish clothes dares to insult me by
interrupting me as well. We will deal with you both immediately." The
matriarch's voice rose in anger. "Strip them ready for their punishment. It will
serve as their initiation into our world."

For a short while Alice and Bill struggled against the many hands that grabbed
at them. Soon though, both were held naked in front of the Duchess. Alice
noticed that it was all men that held her while Bill was held by women one of
whom was keeping him quiet by gripping his cock and balls. "Bring them here,"
ordered the Duchess and after they had been pushed forward she commanded them to
knell. In that position, their faces were level with her crotch and it was
obvious from the smell and colour some of the juices running from the opening
were male semen. "Show your obeisance to our kingdom by properly kissing the
royal cunt," the Duchess ordered.

"No!" screamed Alice

"No way!" intoned Bill.

"Hang them up! Send for the Royal Executioners! We will see what these miserable
specimens of humanity do and say after a thorough whipping." A pair pushed their
way to the front, dressed as devils in black costumes with horned headgear and a
long barbed tail that came out of their arsehole and was fastened to the back of
their costume near the top of their spine. Otherwise they were dressed much as
the princes and princesses. The man's semi erect bald cock was fully on show as
was the girl's hairless cunt and breasts. "This is Eric Executioner and his
partner is Elaine, introduced the Duchess, "Their job in this community is to
punish offenders and this they do skillfully and without emotion. It is a job
they enjoy doing. Executioners, please carry out your task."

"No! You can't whip us!" Alice cried, "It's inhuman. It's barbaric. We've done
nothing wrong!"

"There you go again," said the Duchess imperiously, "Trying to tell me what I
can and cannot do. Trying to usurp my authority. In a few minutes time you will
not tell me I cannot have you whipped. Go to it Executioners. A full body
whipping now."

They had already seen to the securing of the victim's wrists to ropes that led
to pulleys in the roof. Soon both were hoisted until their feet were several
inches above the floor. Bill and Alice were separated by about six feet and
turned to face each other. Eric turned to the Duchess, "Highness, if I may be so
bold, might we not shave them before applying the whips? The unsightly hair
might soften the blows of the whip."

"You have a valid point Master Executioner, bring forth the barbers."

Two dressed as goats appeared carrying razors and shaving gear. The man's
headgear had the curled horns of a ram and he sported a natural beard but
otherwise the pair were dressed in the usual revealing costumes. "Barbers Barry
and Barbara, go to your tasks quickly. I do not wish the punishment of these
wretches delayed any longer than necessary."

"Why do they give each pair a name with the same letter of the alphabet? And how
are they going to shave us when we are strung up like this?" thought Alice. She
hesitated to shout out again in case it brought forth further wrath from the
Duchess. She didn't have to wait many seconds before her answer. The ropes were
lowered a little and four princes joined hands under her back to form a crude
table. Her body was thus in a horizontal position with her arms stretched
towards the roof. Two more princes grabbed her ankles and pulled her legs back
to her head. Now her pubic mound and hair were fully exposed. Glancing across
she saw Bill in a similar position but held by princesses, with an extra one
holding the end of his cock out from his body.

Alice tried to struggle during the lathering up process but when she saw the old
fashioned cut throat razor she knew she had to keep very still. It was all over
in a very few minutes. Both barbers were experts at their job and Alice found
out afterwards they shaved almost everyone present. After they wiped the area
dry Barry observed to the Duchess, "She seems very tight Highness."

"Are you a virgin girl?" the Duchess demanded. Alice nodded. "Answer me girl!"

"Yes, .... Highness," Alice stuttered.

"We can soon cure that!" The Duchesses confirmed what she already suspected,
Alice knew she would be raped.

"And what about you boy?" Bill reluctantly revealed he was a virgin too.

Barry and Barbara turned to the Duchess, bowed and curtsied and left.

"Much better," stated the Duchess, the princes can see where to put their cocks
now and the princesses can get all of that boy sized cock inside their cunnies
and mouths. But on with the whipping."

"Please Duchess." It was Bill that spoke as they were once again raised by the
ropes, "Please let the girl go and just whip me."

"Crack!!" Elaine brought her multi stranded suede whip up from behind. The
thongs fell along the crease of Bill's arse and the tails caught his balls.

"AAAAghhh!" Bill screamed.

"You will take your punishment and she will take hers," stated the Duchess and
then added, "In full."

"Make her nipples hard," Eric instructed a nearby prince, "We want them nice and
firm to take the lash. Alice felt hands massaging her breasts and despite
herself, her nipples hardened. "They are quite small in size but perhaps they
will swell after they've had a good lashing" Eric commented.

"Get him good and hard," Elaine instructed a princess who was busily sucking
Bill's cock, "I want it sticking out as far a possible so the whip will curl
right round it."

"Whaaappp!!!" The first stroke landed across Alice's chest just above her
breasts. She screamed. The soft leather strands stung and reddened the skin but
didn't produce deep welts. A prince swung her round and her shoulders received
the next stroke. Alternately the whip laid its lines of fire on her front and
back gradually getting lower each time. Alice cried, begged, pleaded, and
screamed until she was too hoarse to shout any more. Through her tears she could
see Bill getting the same treatment and all the time she could hear the shouts
and cries from the onlookers for the executioners to lay it on harder. Ten
minutes later, both of their bodies from neck to knees were a deep shade of red
and the skin extremely tender. For a few moments the whipping stopped. Alice
prayed it was all over. She looked to the Duchess for confirmation and saw one
of the princes had his prick inside the royal cunt and was heartily humping
away.

"Almost finished now," Eric remarked. He was sweating from his exertions. Two of
the princes took an ankle and pulled her legs sideways as far as they would go.

"No! Please!" Alice cried knowing where the whip would now be aimed.

"Give them ten there," shouted the Duchess, "And if she begs again, double it
again."

"Certainly your Highness," Eric replied, "It will be a pleasure. It will make
her cunny lips swell up and she feel it all the more when the pricks go in." The
whip cracked upwards. Alice found voice enough to scream again.

Bill was no better off. A princess sucked and massaged his cock until it was
fully erect and standing straight out from his body. Elaine the administered
four strokes in quick succession. Down across the top and immediately up again
catching the underside. The pain was almost unbearable and his cock deflated
rapidly. "Hold the end out," Elaine ordered the princess. The woman pinched the
end knob between her thumb and forefinger and pulled on Bill's cock. Elaine took
her time with the remainder of the ten strokes so that she finished at the same
time as her partner finished with Alice.

"Bring them here," ordered the Duchess, "We'll see if they are ready to kiss the
royal cunt now or if they want the Executioners to start at the top again." Bill
and Alice were lowered, released from the ropes and Peter and Petra again led
them to the throne. "Kneel," came the order. Both knelt. Immediately in front of
them, showing obscenely stickily, the royal cunt almost winked at them. "Kiss
it, and kiss it properly."

Peter pushed Alice's face to the hairy mound. "Put your lips right over the
opening and push your tongue inside. Do it otherwise you'll get a thrashing that
will make what you've just had seem like a gentle pat." Alice felt the padded
hand push her face forward until her nostrils were enveloped by hair. "Now get
your tongue right in and lick around."

Although revolted by what she was being made to do, Alice felt she had to
comply. If she didn't they would be thrashed again and then made to do it. Once
her tongue was in, Peter kept her head in place for a minute or so but to Alice
it seemed much longer. The taste she found was not too unpleasant, it was more
the thought of what had been in there and deposited its contents that really put
Alice off. Peter gently drew her head away and whispered, "Thank her Highness."

"Thank you, Highness," muttered Alice, tears once again streaming down her face.
Her whole body felt on fire but what she could see of it, there was no blood or
serious bruising. However, almost every inch of the surface was red and sore.

Bill was likewise made to perform his oblations to her Highness's cunt and then
the pair were made to stand in front of the Duchess. "I hope you have learned
your lesson. You will always do as you are commanded while you are here."
Turning to the assembled company, she went on loudly, "Lunch in half an hour,
then we will have a little siesta and afterwards I will decide who will make a
man and a woman of this pair." In a lower voice she spoke to the rabbits, "They
are your charges. Take them to the showers, clean them and sit them at the
punishment table for lunch. Make sure they eat dessert. Give them a pair of pink
or blue slippers but otherwise keep them naked."




Chapter 3. Horny cake

The shower cum toilet area was all open plan. Other couples were already using
some toilets but there were spaces and Peter directed his charges to use them.
Alice could barely sit on her sore behind and her whipped cunt stung when her
warm piss splattered on it. Bill was luckier in that he only needed to stand at
the urinal. Even so after the cock whipping he had to hold the swollen shaft
gently. Both felt strange at doing it in front of others although they all
seemed to take it for granted.

Entering the shower area, Alice immediately stopped and cried, "Oh no!"

Eric and Elaine were undressing each other and Elaine was just bending down for
Eric to remove the butt plug end of the tail from her bottom. "Don't worry
Alice," she said standing up, "We're off duty now. No one's going to hurt you
here." She shucked off the costume and Alice noticed she seemed older than she
had first thought. Probably in her thirties, Alice thought.

Elaine moved towards Alice who immediately tried to back away. "No!" she cried
again but Elaine just put her arms around her and pulled her close. Naked breast
to breast, she gave the startled girl a gentle hug and then kissed her fully on
the mouth. Alice felt a tongue slip inside her mouth. Her mind tried to push the
woman away but her body didn't respond. She felt the soreness as her tender
flesh was drawn ever tighter to the older woman's body but she had feelings
between her legs that she had not experienced before. Feelings that had been
building all morning since her first sight of Peter and Petra's nakedness and
seeing all the other naked cocks and cunts.

"I'm showering with Alice," Elaine called to her partner, "You can shower with
Bill." Peter and Petra stood and watched.

The needle jets of water stung Alice's red skin but also seemed to have a
soothing effect. She stood quietly still while Elaine gently soaped her body,
quietly that is until her cuntal opening was reached and Elaine's fingers
started to explore the bruised labia. Almost automatically her legs closed.
"Open the wide," demanded Elaine, "While you are here, everyone has access to
all parts of your body. And for that matter you have access to theirs. However,
unless you agree or the Duchess orders it, only your partner is allowed to fuck
you at will. Others can play with you sexually whenever they feel like it."
Elaine carefully fondled Alice's cunt between her now opened legs and then knelt
and kissed it. Her lips sucked on the young girls clit until she brought her to
an orgasm.

"I'm not a lesbian, am I?" thought Alice when she felt the stimulation caused by
the sucking, teasing tongue and lips. Through half closed eyes she saw Bill
being washed by Eric and further over, Petra sucking Peter's cock. Her attention
was suddenly riveted on Bill. Eric had knelt and was washing Bill's cock and
then she saw Bill try to push Eric's head away when he tried to suck his cock
but moments later it was in Eric's mouth. Eric though didn't bring the boy to a
climax. "You'll need to cum several times later," he informed Bill as he
withdrew.

In turn Alice soaped Elaine and, when pressured, sucked her to a climax. It
didn't take long. Elaine was still stimulated from the whipping she'd performed
and from her performance with Alice. She led the girl to the drying area and
they patted each other dry with soft fluffy towels.

"What is going to happen to us?" enquired Alice.

"I don't know exactly," Elaine replied, "We are here for the rest of this Easter
week. After lunch I expect you'll be publicly fucked at the Duchess's command.
It's not often we have a virgin here. Those that normally attend these meetings
are already well into what might be termed kinky sex."

"They will rape me!" Alice cried in alarm.

"You will be fucked many times before the meeting is over. Probably you'll begin
to enjoy it. It is about time a nice looking girl like you felt the thrill and
excitement of have a good cock inside her. At least here you'll be able to do it
without the worry of having to choose who with and whether or not you might get
caught. All of us here have the choice taken away from us. If I fancy having one
of the men, I just have to go and ask him. If I can get him hard, and his
partner agrees to swap, then he mustn't refuse to fuck me. Likewise, if one of
them fancies me, I have to let him provided Eric agrees to service his partner."

"What does Eric say about this?"

"He's not my husband or anything. We generally only meet here but we get on well
together and have similar interests."

"Including thrashing people?"

"Yes. Until you've felt the power and adrenaline rush from having someone tied
helpless while you whip them, then you won't know how good it feels. To see a
person writhing from the pain you inflict and not be able to do anything to stop
it gives me a great feeling. I came several times when I whipped Bill. Some
people climax from receiving a whipping. What we gave you two, was quite gentle.
Yes, I know it hurt but there are no real bruises, the skin is very tender and
sore but soon the soreness will give way to a tingly warmth that you may find
enjoyable. Not like a punishment whipping or caning that one couple had this
morning. You'll no doubt see them at lunch." As if on cue, a bell rang and Peter
came over and led her to the dining room.

"You're on the punishment table," Peter reminded her, "It's has hard wood
benches whereas everyone else had soft seat chairs. Sorry there is nothing I can
do to alter that and I don't advise you complain to the management."

Gingerly Alice sat down opposite Bill. Shortly they were joined by another
couple who introduced themselves as Karl and Kitten. "Normally we are as you
might guess from the names, dressed as cats," Kitten went on, "But like all
those who are punished, we have to be naked for a day." As they tried to ease
their way around the benches, the angry looking stripes across their arses were
fully exposed.

"My goodness," Alice cried, "Did those Executioners do that to you?" Kitten
nodded and Karl murmured his agreement. "How could they be so cruel as to do
that to you? I know Elaine said she got a thrill out of hurting people but those
marks will last a long while." Kitten let out a sharp cry as she sat down. Karl
emitted a groan as he sat. "What did you do to deserve that? Do they often whip
people that hard?"

"We'll tell you when we have our food," Karl said quietly, "We'll be the last
table to go up to the counter. Alice noticed each table in turn getting up in an
orderly way and getting their food. Only the Duchess's table had waiter service.

There was not a great choice when the punishment table finally made their way
somewhat painfully to the counter. Karl and Kitten had even more difficulty in
walking but they didn't complain and seeing them, Alice realised she ought not
to complain either. Kitten whispered, "You must eat the dessert cake. Take the
biggest piece. You'll need it." It occurred to Alice that it must have been
pre-planned. When they arrived at the dessert plate there were just four pieces
of cake left and two were much larger. It was labelled 'Honey Cake' but someone
had put a / between the 'o' and 'n' and pencilled an 'r' above. Horney cake?
Alice was quick enough to know it contained some sort of aphrodisiac. Perhaps it
would help with the rape she knew would come soon. As advised she and Bill both
took the large pieces.

Bill ate with a good appetite but Alice only picked at her salad. When she was
ready to try the cake, she asked Kitten, "What's in this?"

"Only the cook knows. She won't even tell the Duchess but the horney cake label
will give you some idea of what it does. It will take an hour or so to come into
effect." Alice hesitated to eat it and then put it back on her plate. "Eat it
Alice," commanded Karl, "It will help you greatly later on. You must know the
Duchess plans to remove both your virginities, the cake will make it much more
pleasurable. So eat it all. It tastes very good anyway." Alice and Bill ate
their portions and commented that it was a very good cake but felt no different
afterwards. "You will soon," replied Karl.

"Yes, you certainly will," agreed Kitten, "Even with our smaller pieces my cunt
will be flowing and I will want to grab the nearest cock. The fact that my arse
is sore and fucking will make it worse won't make any difference. The more cocks
I get then the better I will feel."

"It gives me a hard on that takes several cums before it goes down," Karl went
on, "That way the men can service several women and the rule is that we can only
cum once into the same woman in one hour. Unfortunately one of them won't be you
Alice. Duchess will select who takes you but generally any pair can swap
partners and after today, you two will be available and no doubt in demand from
every couple here."

Alice's eyes teared over, "You mean any man can rape me as and when they like
provided Bill agrees?" Her voice sounded horrified.

"It's not quite as bad as that," Kitten butted in, "You are allowed to spend the
night with your bed partner, in your case it is Bill, in mine it is Karl unless
both of you do a voluntary swap. Mealtimes and various other times you are
exempt from interference. Generally though, during the day and evening, unless
you are given specific chores, your body is available. In a short while, once
the cake gets into full effect, you'll want to be available!" Indeed Alice could
already feel a light tingling between her legs. She fidgeted as the hard wooden
seat pressed into her tender arse but again realised Karl's and Kitten's must be
much more painful.

"Why were you whipped?" Alice asked. "Sorry, I just felt how sore I was and your
whip marks look so much deeper and more vivid than ours."

Kitten started the story. "First of all we weren't whipped, we were given twelve
strokes of the No. 2 cane. Cane's are vicious instruments and not often used
here. Only when they think a real crime has been committed. The cane bites deep
and the marks last a long time. The No. 2 is a moderate size cane. As I said
earlier, Karl and I only meet at these meetings but we both like a drop of
whiskey. Although it is against the rules to bring in alcohol, the prices at the
bar here are pretty high so he smuggled in a bottle. Unfortunately the night
before last he had a drop too much and became rowdy and the bottle was
discovered. Yesterday morning we came before the Duchess's court and Karl was
sentenced to the twelve strokes. As we are a couple here, the punishment is
given to us both. Remember that. If you cause the court to punish you Alice,
Bill will receive the same punishment and vice versa. Anyway, although I pleaded
for mercy, we were taken from the court and strapped to benches in front of the
throne where you were punished. We were positioned head to feet and a short
distance apart so we could see the cane coming down on each other and see the
welts it left. That at least was the theory. After the first stroke or two my
eyes were too wet to see anything and I could only scream at the devil man as he
laid into my poor arse. I could see Elaine through my blurred vision almost
smiling as she crashed the cane down as hard as she could on Karl. By the
twelfth stroke I almost passed out. The pain has died down a little now but we
have to sit at this table for the rest of the week. My worst problem is how I am
going to explain the marks to my husband when I get home."

"Didn't they give you anything for the pain afterwards?" Bill asked.

"Not likely," Karl replied, "It was a punishment caning, not one done for sexual
pleasure although some of them got pleasure out of it. We were left on the
benches for an hour as an example to others and they felt and played with us and
even fucked Kitten during that hour. The Devils took us to the showers
afterwards and did their best to soothe us with water and soap but the pain was
very intense."

"Will you come here again?"

"Oh yes, but I won't bring liquor that's for sure."

"Why come back?"

It was Kitten who answered. "Normally we have a great time. Plenty of sex and
the fact we can have it without all the unnecessary courting routine. And we
just have to do it anyway, anytime so we get to try and see some very kinky
ways. We don't always like them but it does add variety to life. Like the
Devils, they are into punishing people but there are those that come that want
to be punished. Like the two Rats. They go naked to the Devils before breakfast
and allow themselves to be strung up or strapped down for whatever punishment
the Devils want. Of course, they don't mark them badly or give them more than
they can take, but even so, their skin is very tender afterwards. Usually they
Devils fuck them afterwards as well so they get off on it.

"How do you get in? All these people can't fall down the trap we did." Bill
enquired.

"Sorry, I daren't answer that one."

"It this all like a sex club?" Bill asked

"Again, I can't tell you," Karl replied, "We don't know what the Duchess's plans
are for you when the week is over. If you take to the life, she might let you
come back and work here. I doubt if you could afford to come as a guest. Or she
might decide to dispose of you. Only she knows."

The conversation was terminated by the arrival of Peter and Petra. Almost
everyone had left the dining hall. "Come with us. Use the loos and then you have
a little under a hours siesta time."




Chapter 4. Virginities lost

The siesta was taken in what appeared to be a well appointed dormitory. Inside
the walls of a circular chamber, double beds were neatly arranged with lockers,
bedside lights and other paraphernalia that people seem to need by their
bedside. Most of the beds were occupied with fornicating couples. Petra took
them to a vacant bed. "This will be your bed," she said, "You can lie here and
get to know each other's bodies but no fucking until you've been deflowered.
That might be hard with the cake starting to work," she pointed to Bill's fully
erect cock, "But you must control yourselves if you don't want another
thrashing. Play with each other, watch what is going on if you like. There is no
privacy here. We all do it in front of each other."

They lay on the bed. Bill put his arm around Alice as tears welled in her eyes
again. "I'm going to be raped," she cried, "Raped by someone I don't know or
like." Bill hugged her and felt her breasts against his chest. "I won't be able
to do anything about it either as they've put the date-rape drug or something in
our food."

Bill's hands found their way to Alice's breasts and fondled them. One part of
her mind still said push them away but increasingly she found the sensation
pleasurable and allowed him to continue. "What are we going to do, Bill? No one
knows we are here." Alice surprised herself by thinking of Bill as a lifelong
friend when she had only known him now for about six hours.

Bill seemingly felt the same way. "At the moment, all we can do is to go with
the flow. Neither of us want another whipping although the pain has died
considerably now. Neither of us want to be thrown to our deaths down another
disused shaft where we would never be found and our disappearances would just be
another unknown mystery. God, I do feel horny now. How about you?" Alice was
almost too embarrassed to reply so she just nodded. "Look Alice," Bill went on,
"We must accept that we are going to be used sexually. Both of us. To survive we
must just go with it and make it as pleasing as we can for ourselves."

"It's alright for you. You're a man. You won't get pregnant and you'll probably
enjoy having all those women, although they do seem to be in the older age
range. I've never done it before and don't really know what I am expected to do"

Bill sat her up in bed. "Watch the others. See what they do." Only about a
quarter of the bed occupants were still copulating. Most of the others were
lying side by side or watching what was going on around them. Nevertheless, on
the two closest beds, the couples were still in full swing and a little across
the way, Peter and Petra were sixty-nining. Five minutes later they came over
and sat with Bill and Alice. There was a sheen of sweat on their bodies but they
were smiling and looked happy.

"That cake really does make a difference. I always feel so horny after and when
I climax my orgasm seems to explode," Petra chatted to them. "You'll soon be
able to experience it too." She placed her hand on Alice's mound. "Good, you're
horny too and sopping wet. Nice and ready for a good thick cock."

"Hope it's mine," laughed Peter.

"I doubt you are very high on the pecking order dear," Petra commented, "Those
knaves and princes will have first go I'm sure. No doubt the Duchess will take
Bill's virginity."

A bell rang. A male they later found out was the Lord Chamberlain, entered and
rang the bell again, "Oh Yea, oh yea, oh yea. The deflowering will be in fifteen
minutes," he announced, "Every male is to rest in case they are called upon to
deflower our new guest."

"Come with me," Petra ordered as she led Bill to her bed, leaving Peter
remaining with a shaking Alice. The announcement had unnerved her.

Peter spoke quietly and reassuringly, telling her to relax and try and enjoy the
experience. "This is something you will remember until the day you die," he
said.

"And that might be the end of this week," cut in Alice, once again in tears.

"I very much doubt it, Alice. Relax. Fucking is an enjoyable pastime as you will
find out. At least here you will be doing it with experienced people in good
conditions, without any rush, without the danger of being caught or disturbed.
If I had a daughter I would bring her here for her first time. Some members have
done that. It must be a thrill for them to watch their little darling being
screwed for the first time." While he was speaking Peter's experienced hands
were massaging Alice's breasts and pubic mound. She found it exciting and yet
soothing. Her will to fight against her rape gradually left and she wouldn't
have minded if Peter had taken her there and then. He knew better than to thwart
the Duchess's wishes that way.

Another bell, another announcement. "Everyone get dressed. Peter and Petra
Rabbits to bring their charges to the throne room in five minutes."

Ten minutes later Alice and Bill stood naked in front of the Duchess. Before
them, in front of the throne, were two low padded beds, devoid of covering
material. Everyone else was crowded round in a circle eagerly waiting to see who
would be selected to perform the rites.

"Citizens of Moorland," began the Duchess, "I have decided to break with the
tradition of giving one of my trusty knaves here, the task of removing the
unwanted virginity of this girl. It is unusual for us to have a male virgin as
well, very unusual indeed. I have therefore decided to kill two birds with one
stone as it were. Bill will deflower Alice." A gasp went up from the audience.
Bill looked at Alice and then gently squeezed her hand. Afterwards, it will be
Peter and Petra's turn, and then as I expect Bill will be on his last cum, he
will serve me and my knave Jack here will take Alice. First though the Prince
and Princess of Hearts will demonstrate to our newcomers how they are to
proceed. Step forward, Prince and Princess." It turned out they had been told
not to partake in sexual encounters during the siesta period so they were both
ready and raring to go.

The Princess lay on one low bed. "Alice," she said, "You will lie down on your
back and, as you are young and supple, you will pull your legs back towards your
face so your lovely cunny is fully available to Bill's cock and those following
him. If you put your arms behind your knees like this," she demonstrated, "You
will be able to see what is happening."

"Bill," the Prince continued with the instructions, "First you will put your
hand over Alice's cunt and feel if she is nice and wet. After the large portion
of cake, she almost certainly will be. If she isn't, kneel down and get your
tongue in her slit and make her nice and wet and try and get her juices flowing
freely. But as I said that shouldn't be necessary today. Place your prick at her
entrance and rub the head up and down the slit a few times until it is well
coated with her secretions."

Peter and Petra pushed their charges into a closer position so they could see
clearly what the Prince was demonstrating. Alice knew only too well that she was
wet and her juices were beginning to dribble down her thigh. She knew too, that
she was ready for fucking. She wanted fucking. She watched fascinated as the
Prince's cock entered, slowly and first and then started pounding away. Alice
wanted that cock in her. It didn't matter about the instructions, she wanted to
be the one laying on the bed and having that cock thrusting inside her. Soon the
Prince's motions slowed and he jerked spasmodically. Vaguely her mind registered
the Prince was saying her had ejaculated and the Princess agreed she had too.
The sticky prick was withdrawn and the Prince knelt and kissed the cunt he had
fucked and thanked her for the pleasure. In kissing, he explained that the
tongue should enter, as far as possible into the girls cunt. "Just like you had
to do this morning," the Prince reminded Bill. He then stood by the Princess's
head and offered his prick to her mouth which she accepted, kissed and sucked.
They both stood and walked back into the gathering to much applause.

"Your turn now," whispered Peter in Alice's ear. She couldn't wait. The
aphrodisiac cake had her hormones raging. In a very short time Alice lay in the
required position, her virgin cunt on display. Somewhere in the back of her
mind, a little voice said she shouldn't be doing this but she paid it no
attention. Bill's hand felt her slit and came away coated with secretions. Petra
held it and showed it to the audience and then allowed him to place his cock at
the entrance to Alice's cunt. Bill only wiped it a few times in his eagerness to
enter and soon he pushed in. Part way in he came to the barrier, and Petra
whispered instructions to withdraw a little and then thrust deeply. He did. A
cry came from Alice followed by a cheer from the onlookers. Bill took that as a
sign of encouragement and thrust hard and fast into the tight opening. His hand
had never felt like this and all too soon the shot his load deep inside. Slowly
he withdrew somewhat disappointed that it was over so quickly.

"Kiss her cunt," Petra instructed. Bill did and then presented his cock to
Alice's lips. Bill wondered if she would take it. He knew he would be reluctant
to do so. Fortunately her eyes were closed and her mouth open so she didn't see
the blood and semen smeared shaft before it was in her mouth. Her mind was not
on the task, she was just disappointed at the removal of the cock from her cunt
before she climaxed. Peter though sensed her need and pushed his cock in without
further ceremony. Having released his sperm into Petra only an hour earlier and
several times previously that day, he could control himself better and the
experience showed as he steadily fucked Alice. He varied the length of his
strokes, and the angle of entry until Alice was writhing and thrusting herself
into him. Twice she climaxed before Peter finally shot his load into her. He
stayed inside for a short while until his cock was fully deflated and then
withdrew. His kiss on her cunt was long and tender and Alice wrapped her legs
around his neck to keep him there.

Bill sat alongside Petra and watched the performance while she gently caressed
his cock back to full hardness. "Come here Bill," Petra said quietly, "Let's see
what we can do to improve your performance." With that she gently coaxed him
into her and coached him how to vary his thrusts to give a woman maximum
pleasure. "You'll need plenty of practice, Bill," she told him when he had
finished, "But you've made a good start and you should get the experience you
need here this week. Now you'd better go and give the performance of your life
to the Duchess."

"I don't know if I can even get it hard again after that," Bill remarked.

"Oh yes you will," laughed Petra, "Between the cake and one of the Princesses
mouths, you'll soon be hard again."

The Duchess beckoned him forward. Bill knelt as he had been instructed and
kissed the Royal cunt. To his surprise he was ordered to stand while the Duchess
herself handled and examined his cock. It was now red and still a little sore
from the whipping but not unpleasantly so. Even with the Duchess's firm almost
clinical touch, Bill's cock began to twitch. "Princess Andrea, come and tend to
this youth." The Duchess's strident voice cut through the conversations.
Princess Andrea came forward and immediately took Bill into her mouth and, as
Petra had predicted, quickly had his cock fully hard.

"The boy Bill's cock is now ready, Duchess," Princess Andrea informed her
highness and then curtsied and left.

"Show me what you have learned Boy Bill." The Duchess placed her legs over the
arms of the chair so her cunt was fully on display but the angle was different
to his previous fucks. Bill remembered though to kiss and lick her pubic area
even though it was already very wet and dripping with semen from previous
encounters. Bill's cock entered easily. Very easily. He cunt seemed much larger
than the others. Remembering Petra's advice to give her the fuck of her life,
Bill entered and thrust in fully and then varied the depth of entry, the speed
at which he thrust and the angle he entered her. With her loose vagina, straight
in and out would have hardly touched the sides. Having spent twice in the last
hour, Bill was able to continue far longer than he anticipated and part way
through he was startled by the Duchess giving a sharp cry. Thinking he had done
something wrong he stopped but it was only the Duchess having an orgasm. He
finished and pulled out. After kissing the Royal cunt again he wondered if he
ought to offer his cock to her mouth. The decision was quickly taken from him.

"Alice!" shrieked the Duchess, "Clean this wretched boy's cock for him." Alice
though was still on her back taking the Knave's cock and Bill had to go to her
and place it at her mouth while she was writhing under her partner.

It wasn't long after that the room began to clear and Peter and Petra led them
again to the showers. By now they had no difficulty in showering with each other
or performing on neighbouring toilets. Petra told them they could rest on their
beds, watch videos in the TV room, go to the gym or just wander around. They
opted to rest for a bit.




Chapter 5. The Foxes warm up

"How do you feel now, Alice?" enquired Bill as they lay facing each other on the
bed.

"I don't really know Bill. One part of me says it is all disgusting, but I have
to admit I got very excited and I've never orgasmed like that before. I know it
was partly the cake but that may only have been the key that unlocked the gate
to my inhibitions. This whole place seems so unreal."

Bill had to agree. "This morning when we were whipped I hated this place, but I
guess I sort of enjoyed this afternoon too." There was a pause before he leaned
closer and whispered, "Would you mind if I kissed you Alice?"

"You know the rules, Bill. Partners can do anything to each other at anytime.
You don't have to ask." There was a sparkle in her eyes as Alice gave her reply.
The two were soon tightly embraced.

"Would you care to walk with us for a bit?" Alice and Bill opened their eyes
from a light doze. "I'm Freddie Fox and my vixen is Freida. Your guides are
again fucking like rabbits and we wondered if you would like to stretch your
legs although there is not much scenery to see around here except the hot
springs pool and you may like to try the cycling machine in the gym." The last
remark was directed at Alice.

"It won't be for long," Freida went on, "We have a five o'clock appointment with
the Devils for a skin warm-up."

"What did you do wrong?" enquired Alice.

"Nothing wrong. We enjoy the sensation. You must have felt it this morning. That
tingly feeling that creeps over your body and gets you wet between the legs."

"I guess we were too frightened this morning. I for one only felt pain and
fear," Alice retorted.

"It doesn't have to be like that," Freida went on, "Please come with us and see
for yourselves. The Devils won't do it any harder than we really want, but they
will do it as hard and they think we can take and still get pleasure from it.
They are good at their job. You don't have any real marks on your skin now. Just
a nice red flush." Freida pinched the inside of Alice's thigh, "And the skin is
just a little more sensitive than it would normally be. Right?" Alice just
nodded as she and Bill raised themselves from the bed and followed the foxes.

"This is the Solarium," Freddie said as he showed them a small chamber. Several
couples were taking advantage of the facility and tanning themselves. "We
recommend you use the tanning room once a day for about an hour. We don't get
any sun down here so we have to make do with the artificial source.

The next chamber contained a well equipped gym. "Want to try the bike?" Bill
asked Alice, "I bet you are fitter on it than most of the people here." Alice
jumped gracefully into the saddle and the winced as her naked cunt came into
contact with the leather.

"I'm not used to riding a bike naked, nor after having been used so much down
there."

"You mean, 'after having been fucked'," Freida commented, "Here you can use the
proper terms. We don't have to worry about euphemisms."

Alice already had the pedals turning at a goodly speed and was watching the
dials. "I think I'll stick with my proper bike," she remarked, "At least there
is more to do than turn pedals."

"Like watching to see you don't take the corners too fast," grinned Bill.

The pool when they came to it was a large natural underground spring, much
bigger than an Olympic size pool. Several couple were in or sitting around
naked. Their skins all seemed very pink. Alice dipped her fingers in and felt
the water. It was about as hot as a normal bath, much hotter than a swimming
pool. "Can we go in?" she enquired and when this was affirmed, she slid gently
into the water. Bill followed and were joined shortly after by the foxes who had
shed their costumes.

"If this was Bath or Leamington, people would pay a lot of money to relax in
these waters," Freddie remarked. "The water has a high mineral content which is
supposed to be very therapeutic." Bill and Alice found it very relaxing and it
eased a lot of their soreness. Soon though, Freddie said they had to go to meet
the Devils. Towels were available and while the foxes dressed Alice and Bill
walked to perimeter of the pool and spoke with several others who were enjoying
the waters. Bill was also keeping an eye open for any possible escape route but
with so many odd tunnels that probably led nowhere, escape that way didn't seem
feasible. Soon though they were back in the main hall. The throne was empty.

Eric and Elaine were already there. Each carried a suede whip like the ones used
on Alice and Bill earlier. Once again the foxes removed their clothes and the
bushy tails from the butt plugs. Freddie kissed Elaine and then Eric both fully
on the mouth which shocked Bill. He had never seen two men kiss before. Freida
repeated the kissing with the Devils.

"I'm going to have to strap the pair of you in chairs," Elaine informed the
onlookers, "You are not used to seeing what we do and after this morning you may
try to interfere. We're not going to hurt you. It's just a precaution."

Seated side by side, strapped to their chairs by wide belts around their waists,
they watched the preparations. Freddie and Freida stood face to face while their
wrists were fastened together and to each other and then pulled by the overhead
rope until they were above their heads but were not lifted off the floor. "We
haven't tried it this way with you yet," Eric said, "but we think you'll like
it. Unfortunately it does mean we can only get at your bottoms but since you had
frontal whippings yesterday, that may not be a bad thing." Several other couples
had now drifted into the hall to watch.

"Put your feet inside Freida's, Freddie dear" Elaine ordered and when he
complied she bound each pair of ankles and then tied them to a short spreader
bar. Meanwhile Eric had pulled a wide belt tightly around their waists ensuring
the two bodies were in close contact and Frieda's breasts were flattened against
her partner's chest.. Elaine, still kneeling, took Freddie's cock, gave it a
quick suck to harden it and then inserted it in Freida's cunt. Because of the
position, only about half would go in but she hoped it was enough to stay they
during the whipping. Before leaving him, she massaged Freddie's balls and
tongued his arsehole to ensure his cock was fully hard and aroused. Slowly Eric
raised the pair until their feet were clear of the floor by several inches and
they swung gently supported only by their wrists. Elaine gave Freddie's arse a
strong push and the pair swung pendulum-like. Another push and the Devils
stepped back, whips in hand, to position themselves ready for their task.

"Crack!!!" Elaine's whip came down on Freddie's arse. Red stripes appeared but
Freddie seemed to be holding back from crying out.

"Crack!!!" Eric's whip bit into Freida's rear. She did cry out.

"Crack!!!" "Crack!!!" "Crack!!!" "Crack!!!" At almost the zenith of every swing
the whips landed with considerable force on the victims bare flesh. By now both
were crying out. Alice and Bill knew now that theirs had only been a token
whipping. The whips might be the same but the force with which they were being
applied was much greater and all the strokes were concentrated in a small area.
After about ten strokes each the area from the arse crease to the base of the
spine was bright red and looked very sore indeed. Still the couple swung back
and forth. Still the whips landed. The onlookers gathered around chanting,
"More, more, more."

"No more, please," cried Freida.

"Enough!" shouted Freddie but their pleas went unheeded.

"More, more, more."

Eric turned to the crowd, missing his stroke. "Silence," he roared, "I want to
hear their pathetic squeals."

"Yes, indeed Executioners, we do indeed want to hear them squealing. And I want
to feel the heat from their arses from where I am sitting." The Duchess had come
in quietly but now her voice cut through the hall.

"Crack!!!" "Crack!!!" "Crack!!!" "Crack!!!" Now the only sound came from the
leather as it struck human flesh and the cries from victims and they pleaded for
the whipping to end.

"You asked to have your bottoms well whipped," the Duchess went on, "Well now
they will be. I will decide when they can be considered whipped well enough.
Afterwards we can perhaps have some sport with them too." It was many strokes
later the whipping stopped. Tears were streaming down both faces but Freddie
still appeared to have his erection firmly inside Freida. Alice's eyes were
tearful too as she watched what she saw as unfair treatment but refrained from
calling out when Bill clutched her hand and whispered, "Control yourself Alice.
We don't want to get the same treatment."

"A good arse fuck for both of them would be appropriate for them now
Executioners." Again the Duchess's orders cut across the room. A murmur of
approval went through the audience. Several couples were joined cock to cunt or
cock to arse as they watched.

"A very good suggestion Highness." Eric bowed obsequiously and ordered Freddie
and Freida to be lowered to one of the beds. He arranged them kneeling head to
head with their feet overhanging each end of the bed and their arses high in the
air. For a few moments they tried to rub their sore rears but this was quickly
disallowed.

"Please," sobbed Freida, "You went too far. Just let us comfort each other for a
while."

"You'll be able to do that later, when your bums are full of spunk," commented
the Duchess. "Prince Harry and Prince James, come here!" she ordered. Two
apparently youngish men stood before here while she unashamedly appraised their
erections. "Yes, you'll do. Get yourself behind those Foxes and give their
arseholes a good ramming." Turning to Eric, "Lube them up Master Executioner."

Alice felt Bill clutch her hand tighter. Looking at him she noticed he was
erect. She too felt wet between her legs and wondered if it was still the after
effects of the cake or whether it was the excitement of what was going to
happen. She's heard of girls taking a cock in their bottom and knew that gay's
did it that way but never knew anyone who actually had done it. It was Frieda's
rear that was presented to their sight and Eric, having finished lubing Freddie
was pushing a copious amounts of jelly into her arsehole. Prince Harry had
already entered her partner and now Price James was none too gently pushing his
cock at Freida's hole.

Seeing they were now well entered, the Duchess now gave the order for them to
fuck and fuck hard. Neither prince needed a second invitation. Both thrust in
fully and heedless of the pain caused by their pelvis hitting the thrashed
arses, thrust fast and furiously. It seemed as if it was almost a race to see
who could finish first. In fact Prince James did but it was only by half a
minute or so.

Eventually the Foxes were allowed to stand and Alice and Bill were released.
Alice went to Freida who seemed to have a little difficulty in standing. "Are
you okay?" she asked.

"Not really. Perhaps you could ask your young man to help me to the showers and
I guess Freddie wouldn't mind some help from you." Around them various couples
were fucking, The sight and sounds of the beating and arse rape had stimulated
them and in this world they could indulge themselves whenever they felt like it.
Alice noticed Freddie was still erect and so was Bill.

In the showers, Alice carefully washed Freddie's rear. From their experience
they knew the water would soothe the pain to some extent but were surprised when
Elaine brought a tube of cream.

"Here Alice, take this. When you've dried the skin rub this ointment in very
gently. It will take away some of the pain. They are allowed it because it
wasn't a punishment. They ordered it." Elaine explained.

"Save it until we get back to the dorm," Freddie said, "It will be easier if we
are lying down."

Later, when the group had returned to the Fox's bed space Freida asked, "Alice
would you mind if I borrow your boyfriend for a while?" Alice looked puzzled.
"Oh I see, you don't understand what I mean." Freida tried to laugh. "Our rules
say you can have sex with your partner anytime but if someone else wants to,
normally they have to arrange a swap. I'd like to sample Bill after her has
soothed my bum, that means Freddie would like to have you. Do you agree to swap
for ten minutes or so?"

Alice was about to disregard the sensations between her legs and say, no when
Bill said, "Please say yes, Alice. We aren't really tied to each other yet.
Hell, I didn't know you first thing this morning and while I like you a lot, we
should both experience things here to the full before we are released."

"If we are released," muttered Alice suddenly sad but she agreed to the
exchange. Freddie's muscles were stiff so he didn't fuck her forcibly but it
took more than the ten minutes before he came. Alice though had multiple
orgasms. Bill on the other hand, at Frieda's suggestion took her doggie style
and came fairly quickly. Frieda took him in her mouth and presented her cunt to
him. For a little while they sucked each other in the sixty-nine position but
soon they just rested alongside each other. Frieda lay on her stomach.

"Why did you volunteer for a thrashing like that?" Bill somewhat jealously asked
her while they lay half watching and Freddie performing on Alice.

"It wasn't supposed to be that hard but I did cum once early on in the whipping
and I guess by the end of this evening when more of the soreness has gone, we'll
be really randy without more of the cake. That's why we do it. It makes us very
horny."

"Did it hurt taking it in your bottom hole?"

"Not the actual fucking. Wearing a butt plug tail stretches the opening somewhat
but the prince bugger delighted in slamming his body against where I was whipped
and that took away a lot of the pleasure. You and Alice should try it while
you've got the chance. It will hurt a bit for the first time or two but it's not
that bad if you take it carefully."

"Do you whip each other when you're at home? Do you live together or are you
only partners here?"

"Yes we now live together and yes we do whip each other but we're really too
kind hearted and never go too far. Not like here. Those Devils like hurting
people."

Their conversation was interrupted by the Rabbits who came to say dinner would
be in fifteen minutes. "We'll take them if you like Petra," Freida said, "We
will be sitting on the hard seats for this meal too."




Chapter 6. Evening entertainment

Alice looked glum and only picked at her meal. Afterwards when Peter came and
said there would be dancing and games in the main hall which they could attend
if they wished or they could go and do their own thing provided they kept to the
main areas and were in sight of them or the Foxes or any other couple they
nominated. "We don't want you wandering off," Petra said, "We don't know our way
round all the tunnels and you could really get lost and die before anyone found
you."

Tears once again burst from Alice's eyes. "What about my parents?" she blubbed,
"They will wonder where I am. They will have found my bike by now, that I am
sure. Dad knows the route I take."

"We'll try and have a word with the Duchess," Peter said.

The Foxes came by and asked if they would like to join them in the pool. They
hoped it would ease the soreness of their bums after the sitting for dinner.
"Good idea," Peter remarked, "We'll join you after we've seen the Duchess. We
can give you a massage."

Shortly afterwards, when the group were in the pool with two other couples who
Alice recognised from the costumes as Princes and Princesses, the Rabbits
returned and asked if they had email addresses for their parents. Alice's did
and used it regularly. "Dad's too old fashioned to have a computer," laughed
Bill.

"Apparently they are searching the moor at the bottom of the slope for you and
they know Bill is missing too. So far it seems a complete mystery to them. What
the Duchess suggested, or at least the Mole did as he has the computer
knowledge, is that we send them a message by an anonymous server system saying
you crashed your bike but are alive and well. We would need to make it personal
so Alice you would have to add something to the message that only you and your
parents would know."

"And what about my Dad?" put in Bill, "He doesn't have the email and but will
still be very worried."

"Alice could say you are with her. That will no doubt cause raised eyebrows!"

"What about when we get home? What will we say then?" asked Alice, "We'll need
to give some sort of story. No one will believe us if we say we fell down a mine
shaft, survived and lived with rabbits and other animals and fucked for a week."

"Exactly," Petra said, "You can't tell anyone where you've been. You just have
to insist you went away for the week to a cottage and refuse to say where."

"The only other alternative is that you never go back at all," Peter remarked
gravely.

In the end the email was quite short. "Dear Mum n Dad, Am alive and well. Bill
Entwistle from Craighead Farm is with me. Please let his Dad know. Dad, has the
cable prick in your little finger turned septic? Luv Alice" The last statement
was a reference to her father drawing a minute amount of blood by pricking his
finger when he fitted a new gear change cable to her bike the previous day.

She watched as the Mole pressed the send button and then burst into tears again.
"I want to go home now," she sobbed quietly.

"Well you can't," snapped the Duchess, "We have to find a way of doing that
without endangering this community. If we can't then you'll not go back at all."

Bill held her in his arms and took her back to the dorm. Peter and Petra looked
in a little later and suggested they came to the dance or played some games to
cheer themselves up. Reluctantly, they went with them. Tonight seemed to be a
Barn Dance and the M.C., dressed as a bull complete with bullwhip, and his mate
herded the couples into eights and gave instructions. Soon Alice and Bill were
well into the swing of it and were sweating and thirsty. There was a bar but
they didn't have money. Petra and Peter joined them when they decided to sit out
the next dance.

"You two doing okay?" Petra asked.

"Guess so," Alice replied, "But I'm dying of thirst and the tap water tastes a
bit mineraly."

"Tell you what," Petra said, "I'll buy pints of shandy for all of us if you will
spend half a hour in bed with me. The drinks will go on Peter's card of course."
Peter just grinned like he expected that to happen.

"Do you mean you want me to....?" Alice stuttered, "You want to make love to
me?"

"Have you never done it with a woman either? We know of course you were a virgin
this morning but I thought you might have had some experience with school
friends. It doesn't hurt you know. Only thing is Bill with have to stay with
Peter but Pete's not really into homosexuality unless he has to so if that
revolts Bill, they'll just have to talk about cars or sheep or something. Just
how thirsty are you?"

"Dying," Alice gasped. Petra ordered the drinks and, after they had taken a
sizable gulp of the drink, took Alice's hand and led her to the dorm and
suggesting they could talk girlie talk when they finished.

Lying on top of Petra's bed, they kissed for a while and suckled each others
nipples. Soon they moved so each had a thigh between the others legs and then
began rubbing themselves on it. Alice still with the remnants of the aphrodisiac
cake working inside her, came first but Petra soon followed. "That was nice,
wasn't it?" Petra murmured as she hugged Alice close. "This must be a really
weird day for you. So many firsts. Such a strange place, it must seem like a
dream."

"It's a nightmare but with good and bad parts. But this wasn't quite my first
experience with girls."

"Oh? Do tell Alice."

"We were on a school geography trip staying at a field centre. I roomed with
five other girls and on the last night I was dragged into some card game with
forfeits. When the forfeits started to get a bit sexual in nature, like showing
our boobs or having them kissed, I said I was having none of that and was going
to bed. Then the Sharon, who was sort of the leader in the group told Maggie her
forfeit was to drag me out of bed and feel inside my knickers. Maggie said no
way could she do that alone so everyone agreed to help her.  My bedclothes were
pulled off and one girls held each of my wrists and ankles. I started squealing
so Maggie sat on my face and then pushed the front of my pyjama bottoms down and
started to play with me. The others urged her on and so she masturbated me until
I came. I was very embarrassed but they only laughed."

Petra and Alice lay quiet for a while until Alice asked hesitantly, "Petra? What
is going to happen to us?"

"I don't honestly know honey. I don't think you will be thrown down a shaft.
None of us are into killing and I think if they tried it there would be a near
riot from everyone else. You're a sweet young thing and while we don't mind
seeing you whipped a bit, no one would want to see you really harmed."

"Will I get pregnant?"

"No. Our doctor here, she's one of those dressed in nurses uniform, will I
expect, give you the morning after pill tomorrow and then a contraceptive
injection which will last for about three months. And you don't have to worry
about AIDS too much either. Everyone here has been tested recently and you and
Bill were virgins so unless you inherited it, you should be okay. No doubt the
Duchess and her advisers weighed all that up before you were fucked."

They lay close, gently caressing each other until Alice felt the butt plug still
in Petra's arse. "Isn't it uncomfortable to keep that in you all the time?" she
asked, "Even when you're not wearing your tail?"

"You actually get used to it and don't notice it's there until you sit hard or
do exercises. They may fit you with one tomorrow. It will hurt a bit at first
especially if you resist it going in but everyone here gets a cock up their bum,
men and women, so it does prepare you for that. My plug is a little smaller than
Peter's cock so I can feel it nice and tight when he bums me."

"What will happen tomorrow?"

"Monday. Lets see, although it is Easter Monday, it is a workday here. I guess
you will be assigned some chores to do, like all of us. Mostly it is cleaning
which only takes about three hours and is done in the morning. Some work in the
kitchens. Did you realise your food was being dished up to you by
multimillionaires or at least by very rich people? Everyone has to work, except
the Duchess of course but then she does much of the organising. Some will have
to do kitchen work in the afternoon or evening but usually it's just for three
hours or so."

"Do we work naked like this?"

"You do have a lot of questions girl. No, not unless it is light dusting. We
don't even wear our costumes but have throwaway coveralls. No doubt you noticed
those washing up at the back wore white sort of cooks uniforms."

"That's a long half an hour." Peter's voice interrupted the chat. "I've come to
claim my wife back and Bill wants his girlfriend in his bed as you can see."
Bill's cock was fully erect again, no doubt the cake was still having its effect
on him.

Alice and Petra kissed fully on the mouth and parted. Alice drained the last of
her shandy and went with Bill. For a few moments Alice tried to turn away from
him when they were between the sheets but Bill was not having any of that. He
was horny and ready from watching the two girls perform and seeing and hearing
other couples fornicating around him. "You have to be available to your partner
anytime, anywhere," he reminded her, "Otherwise we can ask the Devils to
persuade you."

For just a second or two, Alice thought he was serious but she saw him grinning
and cuddled up close. She tried to think how many times that day she'd had a
cock inside her but the number was a bit hazy. "From virgin to whore in one
day," Alice thought and Bill poked her until they both climaxed and fell asleep.




Chapter 7. A painful medical

5:32. Alice looked at the numbers displayed on the ceiling by the projection
digital clock. Bill was already awake and so it seemed were others. Around them
they could hear the sounds of love making. Men, waking with a piss hard-on, used
its stiffness to satisfy their partners. Bill cupped Alice's breasts and played
with her nipples. "I keep wondering if this is real," he whispered, "But if this
is life after death, I am not sure if I want to live. It so nice to wake up with
a lovely girl in bed with you all ready and willing to make love."

"Who said I am willing?" Alice whispered back.

"I did. Your cunt is very wet."

"So? It is also very tender so be gentle." Bill tried to be but got a carried
away with lust and poked her quick hard towards the end. Only a little after the
Rabbits climbed into bed with them. Petra cuddled and fondled Bill while her
partner did the same with Alice.

Peter's hand felt Alice's sticky cunt and she thought he was going to fuck her
but she could feel he wasn't hard enough. Instead he whispered, "Don't forget to
clean each other afterwards. If you get caught with this mess on you, you'll be
put on toilet duty and that doesn't just involve cleaning the loo pans, you have
to lick and suck everyone that comes in. We like the head to tail way." He
demonstrated his meaning by turning Alice head down in the bed and licking her
juices and Bill's spunk.

Alice was soon joined under the covers by Petra who sucked and cleaned Bill's
cock. "Go on," she ordered Alice, "Suck Peter's cock. You may be able to get him
hard enough for another fuck. I think this one will be ready soon." Bill's cock
was already stiffening. "But it's young and they are always ready."

Peter's cock also hardened under Alice's ministrations. She wondered to herself
why she was doing it to him. She had been fucked shortly before. She was tender.
She was with a man she liked but didn't love. Yet she loved the power it seemed
to give her. The power to cause a man to desire. To lust for her. It wasn't long
after that she was lying alongside Petra and both were being well fucked. Bill
thrust into Petra while Peter plugged Alice.

"I want to clean Alice," Petra stated when they all lay sated.

Bill suddenly thought and tentatively asked, "Does that mean I have to clean
Peter?"

"Of course." Petra giggled as she watched her husband go down on him.

As Petra predicted, Alice and Bill were taken to the doctor's room shortly after
breakfast. Both they and the Rabbits had been given afternoon work so were free
for the morning. "I'm Nurse Judith. Well actually I am a fully qualified doctor
but here that is what I am known by. And this is Nurse Jane." She indicated a
slightly younger woman alongside her. Both Alice and Bill had seen the two women
about the place the previous day and just thought the very abbreviated uniforms
a costume much like the rabbits and other creatures. Now they had to believe
they were real medics. Bill studied the women and their uniforms. Nurse Judith
was probably mid thirties, well built. The top of her white almost apron like
garment came to just below her breasts and had a large red cross emblazoned on
it. The body part wrapped around her back and was fastened with a zip but her
bottom was completely bare. The skirt part was frontal only and came just below
crotch level. Just the usual pink slipper type shoes adorned her feet. As to be
expected with medical people a stethoscope was draped around her neck. Nurse
Jane was similarly attired except her uniform was blue and she didn't wear a
stethoscope.

"Have you been told why you're here?" asked Nurse Judith.

Bill shook his head. Alice answered, "Petra said I would be given the morning
after pill and an injection and you would take blood samples."

"Well that is nearly right," affirmed the doctor, "But we will do much more than
that. As you already know, this group is devoted to sex. Fucking. We will
examine your sexual organs and responses critically, partly to see you are in
good shape and don't have any diseases and partly for our own pleasure. It will
not be like any examination you've had before, even gynecological exams and you
will get to see each other being examined. You've slept with each other and
fucked together so that shouldn't be an embarrassment to you. If it is, too bad.
That's what is going to happen. You can resist if you wish but that will just
mean you will be strapped to the table and I will call the Executioners in for
assistance. I am sure you can guess what that means."

"You first Alice," Nurse Jane said, "Sit up on the table." It was a standard
examination table but one which was equipped with various straps and other
restraints. "Here, take your pill. That should stop any little sperms from
fertilising your eggs." When Alice had taken the pill she was instructed to
kneel so they could inject a contraceptive into her bottom. Alice wasn't very
good with having needles poked into her at the best of times, now she shook.
"Hold her still Bill," Jane instructed, "Or are you afraid of the sight of
needles too?"

"No, at college I have to inject my animals with various medications so I get
used to it. Haven't seen it done in a human haunch before though." Bill grasped
Alice firmly around the waist and legs and didn't flinch as the needle was
pushed well into his partners bottom and watched as the contents of the syringe
disappeared.

"It may be a little sore there for a day or so but it shouldn't cause any undue
problems," Jane assured Alice. "Lie down now and well begin your exam starting
at the head. As you can guess, apart from a general health exam, this will also
look at your body from a sexual performance angle. Please open your mouth.
Wide."

Nurse Judith over and looked deep into her mouth. After depressing Alice's
tongue with a wooden spatula, she pressed it towards the back of the throat.
Alice started to gag. "That's to be expected," she remarked, "I don't expect you
have deep throated a cock yet have you?" Alice shook her head. Turning to Bill,
Judith instructed, "During your stay here, make her take your hard cock fully in
her mouth. Do it while you are nice and hard, not just after you've fucked and
it's gone a bit soft and gradually ease it down her throat. You need to get some
practice at it too. Perhaps I will arrange for Prince Colin to visit with you.
He's very good at worming his tool right down a person's throat." Bill shuddered
slightly. Speaking to both of them again, Judith went on, "The secret is to
relax your throat and breathe through your nose. Once you get used to it, it is
not unpleasant but it can lead to some soreness at first. Use a soothing gargle
afterwards."

While this was going on, Nurse Jane massaged Alice's breasts and had made the
nipples hard. "We are now going to test the sensitivity of your nipples Alice.
You have seen some people here with tit clamps on. Men and women. Some are made
to wear the toothed sort like this." Judith showed them a pair with sharp teeth
but usually they are for punishments. Most of those you see worn have smooth
inner surfaces like a clothes peg. These also hurt but the pain is not as sharp
and after a while it goes to a dull ache and many women and some men find it
makes them horny. This little gadget measures how much your nipples can be
compressed before the pain becomes unbearable." Judith switched on the pump that
applied controlled pneumatic pressure to the jaws. Jane continued to massage
Alice's tit. At first the pressure on the nipple combined with Jane's
stimulation was not unpleasant. Gradually though, the pain increased and Alice
was forced to bite her lip to keep from crying out.

"You may cry out when the pain gets too much, Alice. We will continue a bit
further afterwards though, to see what your real limits are. It's not often I
get to test nice young, not fully developed tits. Only occasionally do people
bring their daughters in at an early age."

"Aaaaaahh!! No more please," Alice cried out.

Judith looked at the dial. "Quite sensitive. Usually women can go higher than
that before squealing. I hope you're not faking."

"I'm not faking, please stop," pleaded Alice.

"She's getting wet," remarked Jane who now had one hand at Alice's cunt.

"Yes, I think she is just afraid of the pain. I'm going on for a bit." Judith
smiled sadistically as she turned the knob to the next higher setting causing
further screams from Alice. Bill watched agitated and undecided as to what
action to take. If he interfered would that mean just more pain?

"Yes," Jane agreed, "She really needs to feel the full power." Alice cried out
again before they decided to remove the pressure. The pain from the returning
blood flow was almost as bad as the pressure.

"Would you like to massage her tit for a few minutes, Bill?" enquired Jane while
Judith records the pressures. Alice cried out again as his hand touched the very
tender nipple. Shortly he was asked to sit again.

"Now let's see how well the left tit behaves, shall we?" Judith phrased it as a
question but in reality there was no choice.

As Judith started to fix the clamp to the left nipple, Alice again shouted, "No!
No! Please no!" As the clamp began to tighten she shook her head, pleading and
then raised herself enough to spit in Judith's face.

Bill stood and came towards the ladies. "She's had enough. Leave her alone
please." There was menace in his voice. He didn't notice Jane press a warning
button on the side of the table. Seconds later the two executioners arrived
accompanied by two huge bears. They quickly sat Bill back in his chair

"That was not a wise move, Alice," Judith remarked as she cleaned her face with
a tissue. Quickly she ran up the pressure not allowing any time for the nipple
to adjust. Alice's screams ran through the room bringing in an audience. Tears
in her eyes she vaguely saw the rabbits. She hoped they would intervene but
expected they were powerless to do so.

Judith kept the power on for five minutes, until the nipple had gone numb and
blue and lost any feeling before she quickly released the clamp. Again the pain
of the returning blood was almost indescribable. "Release her please, Nurse
Jane. Then we'll have Bill up here."

Bill tried to move away but the bears held him until Alice was off the table and
then he was quickly fastened in her place. Alice was seated in his chair with
her arms fastened to the back rails. She so badly wanted to rub her sore nipples
but that was denied her. It was then with some surprise she felt the large paws
of the female bear gently caress both breasts. "I'm Beatrice," the bear
whispered, "I know what it's like. You really shouldn't have angered Nurse. She
can be a mean bitch."

"So Bill, did you think nipple clamps were only for the ladies?" Judith grinned
evilly at him. "Well your nubs may be small, but the clamps will certainly fit
them and you will feel the pain just as much as your girlfriend, perhaps more
so. Most men don't get a sexual buzz from it either. Now because I want to get
on with the rest of your examination, I am going to do both nipples at the same
time." She produced another set of clamps and connected them to the pump.

Initially the pain wasn't too bad but to keep her audience in suspense she
increased to pressure slowly and it was some minutes before Bill started to
groan and then cry out. Jane massaged Bill's chest in much the same way as she
had Alice's. Her other hand lightly held Bill's prick. At first it had hardened
but now his only thought was for the pain in his chest. Bill's prick deflated.
Jane passed the information to her superior. Eventually, when Judith thought
nothing would be gained from continuing, she removed the clamps and ordered
Alice to replace him on the table.

"Are your tits a little tender still, Alice?" Judith facetiously enquired. Alice
just nodded. "Well they are going to be even more tender when our executioners
have done with them. Did you think you would get away with spitting in my face?"
Alice started to plead but before she could get many words out, her mouth was
taped shut.

"Executioners, please make sure these two underdeveloped tits are made well and
truly sore. Treat them as you would and experienced whore." Judith glared with
triumph at Alice. "The bitch spat in my face."

"As you wish, Nurse Judith. You are sure she can take it?"

"Of course she can. Just make sure you do it well. No mamby-pambying her because
she is young and looks fragile. Use a leather thonged whip and make sure those
thongs really bite."

"So we have to punish you for the second time in two days." Eric remarked as he
and Elaine examined the breasts before them. "Executioner Elaine, you will stand
on her left side and start at the top of her chest." He drew a line with his
finger indicating the line where the top of Alice's breasts met the chest a
little below the neck. "I will start on the underside at the join here. We'll
work alternately so we don't get the thongs intertwining especially where we
cross over at the nipples."

It wasn't the suede whips they were using this time. These were multi-stranded
stiff leather thongs. They would bite and sting like millions of bees. "Ladies
first," Eric chivalrously waved his partner to start. Elaine brought the thongs
down hard. The pain was intense and a fan-shaped pattern of fiery red lines
appeared where the thongs struck. Alice would have screamed had the tape not
prevented it. A short pause and Eric's whip landed. Bill tried to plead for her
but tied to the chair he could not move and soon his voice was stopped by tape
from the same roll. Elaine's next stroke was slightly lower than the first. Only
a few of the lines overlapped. Similarly Eric's next stroke moved up slightly 
Five strokes and each had reached the nipples. Alice passed out but was quickly
revived and allowed a short rest while Nurse Judith listened to her heart with
her stethoscope. It was fast but not abnormally so. She signalled for the
whipping to continue. The whip strokes now overlapped and filled in areas
previously untouched. Alice didn't believe she could take such pain and survive
but she did. When both executioners had delivered ten strokes each, Alice's tits
were a tortured mass of red flesh. Eric indicated Elaine should deliver one more
stroke across the nipples, his followed soon after.

Releasing Alice, Bill was ordered to take her place. "As you already know,"
Elaine said, "When one of a pair deserves punishment their partner is dealt with
in the same way." Despite his struggles, Bill was soon fastened down and a
similar area of his chest was delineated. Again the whipping pattern was
repeated although it took a little longer for Bill to start crying out even
though a few spots of blood trickled from where the whip ends had cut in. He too
almost passed out before the whipping finished.

"Start again, harder!" ordered Judith. Eric looked questioningly at her. "Yes,
he can easily take it. Lay it on real hard."

Somewhat reluctantly the pair positioned themselves again. Elaine raised her
whip the looked at Eric. Eric shook his head. "We mustn't cut him," he said.

"Do as I say!" screamed Judith, he face flushed red with fury. "Whip him and
then we'll do her again." There were murmurs of dissent from the onlookers but
none moved to stop the whipping. "Do your job as you know you Devils should,"
Judith ranted.

"Enough!!" The Duchess's sharp voice cut through the room. Immediately there was
silence. Petra and Peter stood alongside her. She turned to them, "Release your
charges but don't let them touch their chests. Take them to the showers and then
bring them back here." It was obvious to everyone, the Duchess was not in a good
mood. The rabbits had disturbed her at morning break just as she was about to
climax for the second time to a knave. Orders came forth in sharp decisive
commands. "Nurse Judith go to my office and await me there. Nurse Jane you will
wait here for Alice and Bill to return. You will then spray them and make them
as comfortable as is possible. Give them whatever the best painkillers you have,
then join Judith in my office. Executioners, I wish to see you in my office in
thirty minutes, when I have dealt with the nurses. Now the rest of you go about
your business."

The rabbits helped the tortured pair to the shower and allowed the warm water to
flow over their chests. The flesh was already turning bluish and swelling up.
"Sorry, Alice," Petra said, "It took a while for us to persuade the Duchess that
Nurse Judith was out of control. It's the second time that's happened. She had a
severe public warning last time. I don't know what the Duchess will do with her
now. She's actually a good doctor but has a mental problem when she is
threatened." Peter had to hold Alice up, the pain, the steam and general
weariness and incomprehension of where she was, almost who she was, were finally
catching up with her. Bill was able to stand on his own so Petra left him to dry
himself but warned him not to touch his chest with the towel, and while Peter
held Alice, she dried her body. Moving afterwards though proved too much and she
passed out. Several onlookers rushed to help and between them they made a human
stretcher and carried Alice to the recovery room, as it was euphemistically
called, situated alongside the doctor's office.

Scowling, the Duchess followed them in. "Nurse Jane, do your best with them
otherwise you may well end up in the same state!"

"I certainly will Duchess." Nurse Jane curtsied and then took a air dryer and
gently played it over Alice's breasts until they were dry. She passed the dryer
to Petra who used it on Bill.

Jane instructed Peter to fasten Alice's hands to the side rails of the cot.
"When she wakes up, the first thing she'll want to do is feel her tits. Until
the spray is fully effective I don't want anything touching them." Jane repeated
the spraying on Bill and suggested Petra fasten his hands too although at the
moment he had resisted the temptation to touch himself.

Alice woke, screamed and tried to move. Peter tried to calm her but with little
success. Petra came over and kissed her fully on the mouth and whispered in her
ear gently telling her to calm down and she would be alright as soon as the
spray took effect. While she was thus occupied Jane gave Alice a morphine
injection which numbed the pain almost immediately and sent Alice back to sleep
again. She treated Bill the same way although he protested he didn't need the
morphine.

"My office now Jane!" The Duchess had watched the proceedings. "Peter and Petra
Rabbit, you will watch over these two until they come round. Let me know if they
need further medical attention. You are excused your work schedule!"




Chapter 8. The punishers punished

"So you overstepped the mark again, Nurse Judith?" questioned the Duchess
staring at the two women standing before her.

"I'm sorry Duchess, she spat in my face and I lost my temper. It won't happen
again."

"Did you really think a young girl's breasts should be subjected to that much
punishment?"

"No Duchess." The Duchess interrogated Judith at some length, bringing Jane in
as and when necessary to clarify a point.

"In your opinion, now having reflected on what you have done, will there be any
permanent damage? I want a honest professional opinion, not an answer that you
think I want to hear. Remember I may have to consult other medical opinion as
well. So I want an objective opinion now from you."

Judith thought for a few moments. "No Duchess. While the whipping was extremely
painful, the thongs didn't bite deep into the flesh. They will be sore and
swollen for a while but no, I think she'll be alright in a week or so."

"She had better be. Last time I let you off with a severe warning. This time you
will have to be punished, but I guess you realise that. I will decide over lunch
what that punishment will be but I can assure you it will be painful. Now Nurse
Jane let's discus your part in this." After a lengthy discussion during which
both nurses broke down sobbing and begging the Duchess to be merciful. Finally
she ordered them back to their post and to make sure they did their best to ease
the suffering they had caused.

Eric and Elaine entered the office and came under a blistering verbal attack
from the Duchess. She accused them of knowingly going too far, using a harsher
whip than necessary, hitting harder and longer than needed for a punishment of
this sort. Eric tried to protest that the doctor ordered the whipping, had
specified the whip and assured them the pair were easily capable of taking the
punishment. They also claimed they had not hit as hard as they could and were
not going to continue even if the Duchess had not intervened. It didn't wash
with the Duchess.

"You have whipped many people. You have tit whipped many women. Yet I have only
ever seen very few more badly marked and they were women who specifically asked
you to do it. The pair of you knew what you were doing and enjoyed it. You too
got carried away with the excitement. You ignored the fact is was soft young
flesh you were whipping. You ignored your professionalism. I think a reminder of
what it is like to be on the receiving end would be appropriate." The Devils
left the office wondering how much punishment the Duchess would deem
appropriate. Neither of them really believed they went much over the mark. Both
were not strangers to being punished but were aware they could be in for a hard
time.

Alice and Bill slept through the lunch break. The Rabbits didn't wish to leave
them so Jane brought sandwiches in for them. Around two o'clock Bill stirred and
by twenty past he was sitting up. His head felt woozy and his chest was a dull
ache. Petra refused to release him immediately but after a further ten minutes,
she decided he was aware enough not to touch his chest. Judith agreed it should
be okay. In any case, now the spray had taken effect the risk of infection was
low. It was nearly three before Alice opened her eyes. Finding her hands
restrained and seeing Judith sitting near, she panicked and screamed out. Petra
pacified her again and when she was calm, released her wrists. Alice asked for a
drink and when she had satisfied her thirst went back to sleep again. Bill dozed
too. Both woke again about five. Both needed to pee. Both insisted on getting
out of bed rather than use the urinal bottles. Somewhat unsteadily they made
their way to the loos.

The morphine had eased the pain in their chests to a dull ache but they felt
light headed. However, it seemed better for them to be up and about. Duchess
came and apologised to them and said they would be able to witness the
punishment of the four perpetrators later. Judith too, came and apologised most
profusely. "I just snapped," she admitted, "Now I have agreed to seek medical
help for my problem. Duchess won't allow me to come here again until I do. I
think I am going to be very sore as well later but I don't know just what the
Duchess plans. It will almost certainly be a very public punishment." For a few
moments Alice felt sorry for the woman. She seemed so different now. "It must
really be a mental problem," she thought but said nothing and kept her distance
from Judith. "The morphine should keep you relatively pain free until later this
evening," Judith went on, "After that I suggest we only use the spray. Morphine
can be addictive." Alice just nodded.

Dinner time and the rabbits took Bill and Alice to the main table for the first
time. Here there were softly padded individual chairs around tables seating six.
Most of the community were already seated but the rabbits found a table with the
Bears. Alice went to sit down but was stopped by Beatrice. "Move along one,
love," she smiled and her face lit up, "I want to sit between you two
lovebirds." Beatrice's huge frame dwarfed every one else except her partner.
Seeing Alice's look of consternation, she laughed again, an infectious laugh,
"Don't worry love, that huge hulk there is Bonzo and I'm Beatrice. We are Teddy
Bears not grizzly's." Beatrice enquired how they were feeling and remarked that
if the Duchess hadn't have come in Judith might have found herself torn limb
from limb. "Bonzo thought she had gone insane. It takes a lot to get him riled
but when he does he can do a lot of damage without trying. We're both pretty
strong which is why we are sometimes asked to restrain people but we don't do it
from choice. We're both weightlifters. Unfortunately we live a long way apart
and generally only get together at these meetings. Perhaps we'll find a way to
live with each other soon. Trouble is finding a suitable place. Most modern
places are too small, specially for him. He's big in more ways than one. Just
feel the size of that cock, Alice."

Alice blushingly looked but didn't touch until Bonzo took her tiny in his
oversized paw and placed it on his semi-erect weapon. To Alice, who had by now
seen a goodly number of cocks, it seemed enormous. "Big, ain't it?" Beatrice
continued, "Ain't many women can take that inside them without a whole lot of
pain. Fortunately it fits me nicely so I don't have to worry overmuch about him
being stolen away by another woman. I know one or two here have tried him but
few come back a second time."

Beatrice chattered on amicably while dinner was served and over coffee. Her down
to earth language combined with ready humour, lifted Alice and Bill's spirits.
Bill felt her giant hand engulf his cock and tease him to full hardness. "You've
got a nice size cock too Bill," she went on and then turning to Alice, "Have you
got old Bonzo there fully hard yet?"

"Almost," Bonzo laughed, "And she hasn't touched it properly yet." Alice
realised he had only spoken a few words throughout the meal. Beatrice had more
than made up for it. The Rabbits had been almost equally silent.

"How do you fancy that inside you Alice?"

Alice was startled and quickly wondered if she would be forcibly fucked with it.
"N..n..oooo" stuttered, "It's far too big. I wouldn't think anyone could take
it."

Chuckling Beatrice told her not to worry. She wouldn't be raped by it. Then she
added, "Later, when were in the dorm or somewhere I'll show you that I not only
can take it, I enjoy it."

A handbell rang insistently. The gathering hushed. "Oh Yea! Oh Yea! Oh Yea! Hear
ye, Hear ye Hear ye. I, as Lord Chamberlain, inform you and instruct you all
that the Royal Court will be in session at eight this evening. Everyone is to
attend in full costume. Our Gracious Duchess will then pronounce sentence on the
two Nurses and the Executioners for their part in the incident this morning.
Sentence with immediately follow the pronouncement. Oh Yea! Oh Yea! Oh Yea! Hear
ye, Hear ye Hear ye." The whole message was repeated.

"We'd better get cleaned up," Petra said, "We try to look our best on these
formal occasions." The room was abuzz with speculation as to what the
punishments would be. Most centred on how severe the punishments would be. Most
guessed correctly it would involve a tit whipping for Nurse Judith. But what of
the others?

A little before eight, Petra came and took Alice to the main hall and Peter did
the same for Bill. The assembly was much the same as when the pair had entered
the hall on the first morning. All the males lined on side of the room and the
females the other. The throne, now awaiting the Duchess's arrival, was centrally
placed at one end. Alice noticed the ropes again hung from the ceiling as they
had when they entered. With regal pomposity, the Duchess entered, turned and sat
on her throne. Two assistants raised the hem of her dress and widely splayed her
legs. The full haired cunt was in everyone's sight.

"Bring forth the miscreants," the Duchess ordered. When they arrived they were
ordered to kiss the royal cunt, which they did. The Duchess stood.

"Members of this community, I have thought long as to the punishment each of
these people should receive and have come to the conclusion that we must make an
example of them so that this kind of incident doesn't occur in the future."
Everyone now knew the punishments were going to be harsh. "Nurse Judith, you
allowed your temper to cloud your judgement and had you not been stopped would
have seriously hurt the young girl and probably the boy as well. I sentence you
to be tit whipped twenty four times with the same whips as you ordered to used
on them. Further, you will receive twelve strokes of the No.4 rattan cane on
your arse. Further still, you will not attend any more meetings until you have
taken psychiatric help." A gasp went up from the onlookers. The No. 4 rattan was
rarely used. It was a terrible weapon which would leave deep marks for many
days.

"Nurse Jane. You were not directly responsible for causing the injuries but in
the initial stages you encouraged Nurse Judith and later, when you could and
should have stopped her going any further, you did nothing, Your sentence is
eight strokes of the No. 4 rattan."

"No! No! Please God no!" Jane cried out but the Duchess's face was impassive.

"Executioners Eric and Elaine. You both allowed yourselves to be goaded into
inflicting more strokes than you thought should have been applied and inflicting
them with a force far greater than necessary. In doing so, you may have caused
injuries that will take a long time to heal and injuries which may put these
youngsters off our lifestyle for ever. Like Nurse Jane, you will each receive
eight strokes of the No. 4 rattan. All of you will be tied and displayed for one
hour after completion of all sentences. During that hour everyone present may
make free use of your bodily openings. Sentence is passed."

"If you please Duchess?" Alice hesitatingly spoke up. The room went completely
silent. No one, but no one, ever questioned the Duchess.

"Are you dissatisfied with my judgement, Miss?" The Duchess almost roared the
words.

"If you please Duchess," Alice tried to find a nice form of words but in the end
decided to just blurt out what was on her mind. "I think the punishment is very
harsh for what they did to me and Bill. All of them have now apologised to us
and we do not think it will happen again. I therefore ask and plead with you to
reconsider. They were cruel to us, very cruel, but should we deal with cruelty
with further cruelty? Please Duchess, do reconsider. It will be on my conscience
for the rest of my life if I do not make this appeal and get you to lighten or
remit their sentences."

For a few moments it seemed as if the Duchess was going to blow a fuse, but then
she slowly seemed to calm herself. Inside herself the Duchess was indeed going
to explode but then she thought of what she had said to those before her about
controlling themselves. She must do the same. Her sentences were harsh. That was
her intention. What if she apparently heeded the girl? Slowly she turned a full
circle. No one knew why and then made a further announcement.

"Members of this community. It is rare for anyone to challenge my judgement with
impunity." Alice shivered. Was she going to be whipped again? "But in this
case," the Duchess went on, "It is the victim that has made this appeal for
clemency. She has made it I feel for all the right reasons. However, I cannot
remit the sentence totally. I have decided to cut the sentences of all by half.
The number of strokes is hereby halved and the display time cut to thirty
minutes." A silence of disbelief descended on the crowd. Surely the Duchess
wasn't going to back down to a young girl, a girl who had interloped into their
midst only yesterday?

"There is one more condition," the Duchess went on with a slight smile, "From
the ending of your display time, all four of you will become slaves to Miss
Alice. You will do everything she asks, you will look after her like royalty,
you will sleep on the floor alongside her bed, you will do the work she should
do on the roster even if it means working the whole of the day, even if it means
adding to the pain you will now receive." Turning again to Alice, "You may
demand any services you want from them. They are your slaves. If they are
insolent or disobey you, even in the smallest way, I will order an appropriate
punishment for them. They are completely under your control until the end of the
week. Do you understand?"

Alice nodded dumbly and then added respectfully, "Yes, thank you Duchess. I will
try and use my responsibility wisely." The last remark caused some raised
eyebrows but no more was said and preparations went ahead for the punishments to
be administered.

Nurse Judith was taken crying to the whipping post. She was heartened the number
of lashes had been halved but still, a dozen across her full breasts would hurt
and that dreadful cane.... "Why did that little bitch ever come into our lives,"
she moaned to herself. She wouldn't be lashed at all if it wasn't for her.

Alice was surprised the two devils were to administer the punishments. They
caused Judith to kneel at the foot of the post, bound her ankles and wrists
behind it and then jammed two pillows between the post and her back. Judith knew
this was to thrust her tits out as far as possible. The onlookers were now
formed in a semi-circle around her, with Alice being pushed to the front. Judith
noticed she too was crying and wanting to turn away but Peter Rabbit was holding
her so she had to watch. Eric and Elaine formed up on either side of Judith,
just as she knew they would. Breast whippings were not uncommon but usually they
were done with a softer whip. She had chosen the thonged whip and now she too
had to suffer it. Again it was Elaine that started with a lash across the top of
her mounds. A cry came from Judith's lips. It turned to a high pitched scream as
Eric's lash caught the underside. With only six strokes each and a bigger area
to cover, the Devils spaced their marks a little wider apart. Each crossed the
nipples with consecutive strokes which brought forth a horrendous scream. Alice
had been gagged. Did her tits hurt as much? The thought flashed through Judith's
mind as she sobbed and pleaded, knowing full well it wouldn't do any good. By
the time Eric had delivered the final stroke, Judith's tits were colourful
shades of red. Both Devils had struck hard knowing this woman had caused them
the punishment they were to receive later.

They gave her a few minutes to absorb the pain a little and then Eric commanded,
"Turn over and kneel on the bed." Judith knew exactly what to do. She had seen
many people chastised on their bare arses. She'd received whippings there
herself but they would be minor compared to six with the No. 4 cane. However she
did as commanded and was immediately strapped to the low bed, her knees level
with one end and her head low down in its centre. Her arse was now well raised
and her openings fully exposed.

"Nurse Jane! Kneel at the other end of the bed." Trembling with fear, Jane knelt
and like Judith, was fastened to the bed, their heads close together. Elaine
stood to one side of Judith and Eric stood alongside of Jane. With a theatrical
gesture for the benefit of the audience, both raised and flexed the two long
supple canes and then swished them through the air. A collective gasp came from
the onlookers as the canes sang.

Swish Crack!! Elaine's cane flexed itself evenly across both bum cheeks. Judith
screamed horrendously as the pain and fire bit deep into her arse. Two fiery
welts appeared with a deep groove between. Half a minute later Eric's cane sang
its painful way across Jane's cheeks. Her scream left no doubt that it hurt.
Alice tried to intervene but Peter held her firmly and kept one hand across her
mouth. The Devils exchanged ends and Eric placed a second set of stripes across
Judith's arse bringing forth further screams. Elaine marked Jane's bottom again.
So the caning slowly proceeded. After each stroke they changed ends and waited
until the pain had penetrated deep into the buttock muscles. Jane managed to
take all four of her quota without losing consciousness but Judith passed out at
the fifth and was revived for the final stroke. Both women were left in their
exposed kneeling position.

It was now the turn of the Executioners. Who was going first? A knave stepped
forward and at first Alice thought he was to administer the punishment but no,
He flipped a coin and Elaine called correctly. She decided to cane Eric first.
Quickly he was strapped down.

"Don't even think of trying to spare him, Executioner Elaine." The Duchess's
voice cut through the low murmur going through the crowd. "I can just as easily
order the punishment be doubled again." Despite the undoubted pain, Eric managed
not to scream for first two strokes but couldn't hold back as the third and
fourth strokes bit their way into his arse. Elaine was shaking as she delivered
them, knowing Eric wouldn't spare her either. It was now she was glad that Alice
had stepped in to halve all their punishments.

Eric was released and stood shakily on his feet. They gave him a few moments to
compose himself after Elaine had been strapped down but they wouldn't allow him
to rub his arse. Jane and Judith couldn't so they would not let him. Finally he
took up the rattan, swished it in the air and laid the first stroke across
Elaine's bum cheeks. It was her turn to cry out. Eric had not spared her in the
least. Soon though it was over and although like the others. she cried and
pleaded she was left fastened down and shortly Eric joined her at the other end
of the bed.

"Alice and Bill, will you step forward and examine the punishments. If you think
they are adequately done, kiss each bum cheek to signify your approval." The
Rabbits pushed their charges forward at the Duchess's command.

"Take a good look and then make sure you kiss them otherwise they will get
another dose," whispered Peter. With tears still in her eyes Alice did as she
was told. Bill did the same although he had some reservations on kissing Eric's
arse.

"Thirty minutes display time begins now." A number of the community pushed their
way to the victims and none too gently began to feel the stripes. Seemingly only
seconds later, all four were being fucked. One of the boy princes had his cock
up Eric's arse and the girls were all being pussy fucked. A young princess lay
under Judith suckling her whipped breasts. All seemed oblivious to the pain they
were causing the four whipped ones. Alice and Bill returned to the dorm.




Chapter 9. Butt plugged

"Fetch me the spray, Jane please," Alice requested. When Jane returned with it,
she and Bill had their still very tender chests sprayed with the soothing
antiseptic. "I wish they would allow me to do your bottom Jane," Alice said,
"But I know that's against the rules. We'll go to the showers in a bit and see
if that will ease any of your soreness."

It was 6:03 a.m. Several couples were fucking but most seemed asleep. The four
slaves, two on either side of the bed, were awake though after having spent a
very restless night on thin mattresses. Bill and Alice were not too comfortable
either. Despite the spray, whatever way they seemed to lie either the blankets
or the mattress rubbed their chests. Still they managed one love making session
and had slept intermittently. Bill looked down at Eric and Elaine lying face
down closely against each other alongside his side of the bed and was appalled
at the colour and fire in the welts across their bums. Elaine's arm lay across
Eric's shoulders so they could feel and give each other a little comfort.

"Fuck me Bill," Alice requested, "Then we'll take these people to the showers or
the pool. I'm still horny so the effects of that cake must last a while."

"Perhaps it is that you are naturally a horny girl and it's your own hormones
doing it," laughed Bill, "Whatever it is, I'm glad I met you even though all the
rest of this is weird and I'm worried about my father. He may not believe the
message. I've never been one to go out with girls. Always a loner."

"Same for me. I would guess my parents are worried sick. And I really don't know
what I will say to them when I get home. If I get home. It's Tuesday now.
Everyone leaves here on Sunday. Five more days. Ouch!!"

"Sorry Alice." Bill had accidentally and momentarily touched her tits as he
positioned his cock at her opening. It was another quickie fuck and soon they
were ready to take their slaves to the showers.

"Judith you will wash me and Jane can do Bill." Alice seemed more at home with
being in charge. When they had hobbled painfully from the bed space and were all
situated under the shower heads, Alice again apologised to Judith for the fact
she had been punished so severely. However, by now Judith although very sullen
in her pain, had fully realised how much Alice had risked in getting her
punishment reduced. She just nodded. Alice carefully inspected Judith's breasts
and allowed the water to flow over them. The whip marks were still very
prominent compared to her own. "Judith?" Alice questioned, "Do you think the
pool will help ease the pain, or will the minerals in the water make it worse?
Tell me truthfully as a doctor."

"It will probably sting like hell at first but may well be soothing afterwards
and may help the healing process." It did. All six of them cried and had to hold
their breath as then entered the pool but after some minutes in the relaxing
warmth of the water, the stinging pain eased.

"Would the Master and Mistress like a massage?" enquired Jane when they returned
to the dorm, "I am trained and Elaine's pretty good as an amateur. She's better
with men though as Eric can testify."

"As long as you're very careful with my tits," replied Alice and then she went
on, "Are you and Judith  .... lovers?"

"Yes, of course. We live together in the outside world." Jane left for a few
moments and returned with a bottle of oil and started on Alice's back. Her
fingers probed and teased muscles still a little tender from the first day's
whipping. Still it felt very soothing. It was also arousing when Jane worked
over her buttocks and then between her thighs.

"Is that what you and Judith do when you are together?" asked Alice.

"Sometimes but we do also sixty-nine, you know put our heads between each
other's legs and we use vibrators and other things." Petra and Peter interrupted
the conversation to take them to breakfast. "Afterwards," Petra announced, "We
are going to fit your butt plugs." Once again they were able to sit on
comfortable chairs while the 'slaves' had to carefully place their striped arses
on the hard wood seats.

Today's duty roster showed Alice and Bill on cleaning the main hall. All the
'slaves' had been given afternoon shifts. Peter knew this was deliberate so the
slaves would do Alice and Bill's work too and instructed the pair to order them
to do it. "It's okay," Petra said, "They expect that and there are four of them
to do the work of two. You can join them after we've sorted out your bums if you
wish but make sure they know you are in charge."

So it was that half an hour later, Alice and Bill were kneeling arses up and
side by side on their bed, with Petra slowly inserting an oiled rubber butt plug
in Bill's arsehole and Peter was trying to do the same to Alice although her
hole was very reluctant to open. "Relax your muscles Alice," Peter repeated for
the fourth time. Alice tried and slowly Peter was able to ease the plug in.

"It's too big!" Alice cried out but Peter assured her it wasn't in fact it was
much smaller than a normal cock and smaller than one that would be inserted
later in the day. By the end of the week both would be buggered at least twice.
There were a group of homosexual princes who would delight in taking Bill's
virgin hole and almost every man in the place would be glad to screw Alice's
arse.

"You must keep it in Alice," Peter warned, "Otherwise I will have to coat it
with a different lubricant, one that burns and I will have to take it out every
hour and re-coat it. Petra or I will take it out when you want to shit but again
be warned against asking us to do it when you don't really have to go."

Bill was by now standing and walking around. It felt a little awkward but Petra
said he would get used to it. The movement caused the plug to rub against his
prostate and it wasn't long before he was erect. Petra pointed at it and
suggested he fuck Alice. "You'll find it a different sensation to what you have
already experienced," the doe rabbit said.

Bill didn't need any further encouragement and used the 'anytime, anywhere, rule
to persuade Alice to comply. Afterwards, both agreed the sensation was different
to a normal fuck. There was the internal fullness of the plug and the way it
impinged and moved with each thrust.

"When you're a little more experienced, if you get a chance Alice," Petra
remarked, "Try having two men fuck you at the same time. It's a totally
different sensation again. The plugs are more or less static, having two living
moving cocks is out of this world. At least it is when your back hole is large
enough."




Chapter 10. Payment for services

The four slaves were working in coveralls, sweeping the dusty floor and dusting
the ledges and seats afterwards. "How much more have you to do?" asked Alice.
She was told and it seemed they were getting on quite well. "How are you bums?

"Getting sore from the rubbing and the sweat and dust doesn't help." Eric
answered.

"And your tits Judith?"

"Same. One disadvantage of having big boobs."

"Right then. Bill and I will help get it done and then we can all shower and go
to the pool."

It was Wednesday morning and Alice and Bill were getting used to the routine but
slightly bored by being stuck inside the whole time. Both were used to being in
the fresh air. Bill nudged Alice when he saw the Knave of Spades coming towards
them in full costume. Bowing low before Alice who curtsied, "Miss Alice, the
Duchess sends he compliments and requests you consent to allow her the use of
slaves Eric and Elaine for an hour."

"I will be most honoured for her to use these miserable slaves," Alice
graciously replied.

"Thank you Miss Alice. Would you be so kind as to instruct them to clean
themselves and report in full costume to the Main Hall at Eleven please." With
another bow, the Knave left.

Alice gave the Devils their instructions asking who was to be punished. "I don't
really know," Elaine answered, "Probably a domestic. We heard some arguing
earlier and the two Bears came and separated them."

"What's a domestic?"

"Usually it when Mr. A wants to fuck Mrs. B but Mr. B doesn't want Mrs. A but
want Mrs. C. It gets complicated sometimes. It isn't always nice and congenial.
Whoever they are, the pair will get their arses well warmed. The Duchess doesn't
like these interruptions."

So it proved. A eleven o'clock the couple were strung up together, feet a few
inches off the ground, straps around their chests and thighs holding them in
close contact. The Duchess treated them to a blistering verbal attack for their
behaviour and then gave the order, "Executioners, thrash both arses and thrash
them well. I will not tolerate these petty squabbles disturbing our stay." Alice
was surprised the number of strokes was not announced but noticed the
Executioners were holding the suede floggers that had been used on them.

The thrashing seemed to go on for ages. Both arses had gone well passed the
bright red stage to a deep purple and both had reduced their screams to long
sobbing moans before the Duchess signalled a halt and ordered "Display position
for an hour and afterwards you are uncoupled."

"What did she mean, 'uncoupled'?" Bill queried Peter.

"They are no longer considered partners and anyone can do as they will with
them. If you wanted, after the display time, you could go to Jill and demand to
fuck her arse and she cannot refuse you. If she did she could find herself
feeling the lash again. So don't you and Alice start quarreling."

Sitting over lunch, tears started to flow from Alice's eyes. Petra noticed and
asked her why. "Sorry, Petra I was just thinking about home, wondering if I
would ever see it again and then I thought of the project I was supposed to do
this holiday which is a major part of my final assessment. Without it I will
fail. I can't do it without a computer and with the right programme and it will
take a long while to do even if it worked out right first time."

"I'm supposed to get an essay done too but it's not quite as important as
Alice's but I really want to try and keep my grades up." Bill added.

"I'll ask the Moles. Micky Mole was the one who organised your email and he does
programming. I think he has his own company. We'll have to get the Duchess's
approval first though." The latter proved a formality.

Micky and Millie were resting after lunch when the Rabbits introduced them.
After Alice had explained her need, Micky asked the subject for the project. "I
have to design a clock in HTML which shows the time, date and a company logo or
name."

For some minutes Alice and Micky discussed technical details on how she proposed
to solve the problem. It was way over the heads of the others but Micky realised
Alice knew what she was talking about and suggested a few ideas of his own. He
opened his laptop and showed her the programme he used. Alice thought how nice
and helpful he was until the bombshell dropped. "Of course, Alice, you will have
to pay for the use of my computer and for my tuition."

"But I can't pay. I came here with nothing."

"But you do have something I want Alice." Alice thought he meant he wanted to
fuck her. So many had it wouldn't be a worry. "I want to be the first to fuck
your arse and Bill's." It shocked Alice and even more so, Bill. Both had
graduated up to standard size butt plugs and they knew that sometime or other
they were going to have to be fucked there but kept putting it to the back of
their minds. Immediately both felt the tight butt plugs in their bottoms and
wondered what it would feel like to have it replaced by a cock.

Millie saw her consternation and said, "Alice, Micky likes nice tight arseholes
but he will do it carefully especially for your first time. You might even come
to enjoy it like I do and you must know someone here will do it before you
leave. Why not get something back from it? Micky's probably better at
programming than any of your teachers."

"Yes, but..... He wants Bill as well. I can't let Bill do that for my work."

"I want Bill too," Millie laughed pulling on his cock and he can use my laptop
but he would still have to let Micky have his arse to help pay for Alice."

"Look Alice," Micky held his semi hard prick in his hand, "One of the reasons I
like arses is my prick is on the thin side, thinner than Bill's so it should
make a good introduction to this way of fucking for both of you. What do you say
Bill?"

"Well....." Bill was hesitant. He wasn't sure he wanted his arse fucked but he'd
seen it done on others without any problem. He'd done many other things in the
last few days he never would have earlier and found enjoyment in many of them.
"For Alice's sake I agree." Petra and Peter seemed pleased and Alice kissed Bill
and whispered her thanks.

"First down payment now, Alice." Micky was grinning, "Suck me really hard."
Alice did so and then was ordered to kneel on the end of the bed. Carefully he
removed the butt plug and felt around her hole. "She'll need a little more lube,
Millie," Micky said. Quickly his partner produced a pot of Vaseline and spread
it around and inside Alice's opening and on Micky's cock.

Alice shook slightly as she felt the tip of the cock enter her arsehole. Bill
put his arms across her shoulders and gently held her and whispered, "Relax
Alice, like you have to when the plug is put in." Slowly Micky pushed his cock
further and further in and then started fucking her. Alice couldn't decide
whether she liked it or not but it wasn't as painful as she expected. Having
butt plugs in for two days must have helped. Micky now put his hands around her
thighs and started playing with her vaginal opening and her clit. This did
arouse her and soon Alice was rutting away and pushing herself on to his cock.
It wasn't long before he spewed his sperm into her bowels. For a few minutes
Micky lay pressed against Alice's arse leaving his deflating cock inside her.

"Keep squeezing his cock with arse muscles, Alice," Millie suggested, "Often it
will get him hard again and he'll be ready for a second round." Alice wasn't
sure she wanted that but did tried to clench and unclench her sphincter ring.
Shortly the cock began to stiffen and soon it was hard enough to begin the
fucking motions again. It was easier now her bowels were well lubricated with
sperm

Millie slid under Alice, "Seeing you are taking all my man's energy, you can
satisfy me. Micky will take longer this time and it will be a while before his
batteries are recharged even if we get more horney cake for tea." Alice knew
immediately the woman's cunt was in front of her face, what was required. She'd
already done it several times in the past few days. Her mouth alternately
encased the clit while her tongue probed the cuntal opening. Millie quickly
became sopping wet and had her first climax.

Micky soon lost his second load of sperm into Alice's bowels and withdrew. Alice
tensed. Would she have to clean his cock? The thought really disgusted her but
she needn't have worried. "You  don't have to suck it after it's been in your
arse, Alice," Peter smiled and paused from fucking Petra on the other end of the
mole's bed. "It's not hygienic and the Vaseline isn't very nice." Alice breathed
a sigh of relief but thought it wasn't just the Vaseline that wasn't nice!

"Alice?" Bill piped up, his cock fully hard from watching Micky and Alice
perform, "Would you mind if I did that to you?"

"You don't have to ask her, Bill," Millie replied, "You know she's your partner
and she has too. Just grease yourself up and shove it in."

"I just thought she might be a bit sore there and I don't want to hurt her any
more than we have been." Bill looked at Alice in the face.

"I am tender there Bill from Micky and the plug but do it if you want. Just try
and be gentle please."

"Actually it is probably a good time for you to do it." Petra remarked to Bill,
"She's already loose and well lubricated inside so it could well be less painful
now than later on."

Bill took his stance at her arse and slowly forced his cock inside. Alice felt
it stretch her hole further than it had been opened so far. She could feel it
fill her but wasn't overly painful. When he was fully inside, Bill began
rhythmic steady strokes until his spunk too filled her. Peter replaced the butt
plug in Alice and the group rested for a short while.

"Well I've had the down payment on your tuition Alice, perhaps we should make a
start on your project. I'll collect the next installment in Bill's arse later on
when I've recovered a bit." Micky led Alice and Bill to a quiet room where they
could work on their projects. A hour later he looked at Alice's progress and was
pleased and surprised at the quality of her work. He had expected her to take
the coding from the computer's own clock system and adapt it but she was almost
rewriting it. Looking through it he was able to suggest some changes but mostly
he left it as she had written it. The project would take a long while to
complete though. So far she had only a skeletonised version of the clock itself.
"I should be able to collect several more installments before she completes it,"
Micky thought to himself.




Chapter 11. Escape?

Saturday afternoon, Bill and Alice lay resting on their bed. It was an hour till
dinner and they had been relaxing in the hot pool and now lay languidly
alongside each other. "Do you think they will release us?" Alice asked.

"No one seems to want to have us killed. Not even Judith."

"I'm not so sure of those knaves." Alice looked grave. "Nor that Lord
Chamberlain fellow. They seem to think their position is in jeopardy of we leave
and spill the beans of what happens here." She paused, "Would you want us to
keep seeing each other after we get home?"

"Oh Alice, of course I would. I've never met anyone like you. It just seems I
have known you for years. The big problem I see is how we are going to explain
it to our parents."

The Rabbits and the Moles came by as they were discussing the story. Micky
suggested modifying one version they had thought up. "Instead of rolling
straight down the hill and over the cliff, do as you suggest and indicate you
were able to roll sideways a bit and down the more gentle slope to the bottom.
You got a bit scratched and were very winded by the fall but were seen by a
couple in a passing van. They picked you up, blindfolded you and secured your
wrists and took you to a sex club seemingly miles away. Thinking you were
already lovers they showered and put you naked in a bed together. You enjoyed
yourselves and then took an interest in the other activities but you have been
sworn to secrecy not to reveal them. Provided you can convince the Duchess you
won't reveal what really went on and where we are located, then maybe she'll
accept it. The other two alternatives are not promising especially for
youngsters like yourselves. One as you have no doubt heard mentioned is to throw
you down one of the many old mine shafts. The other is you are kept here or
elsewhere as prisoners. Neither would be acceptable to most here and certainly
not to you. We all come voluntarily. It was just unfortunate the escape hatch
gave way and let you in by the back door as it were."

"Perhaps it was fortunate for us," remarked Alice as she gave Bill a kiss, "We
could be dead already!".

"Work on your story then," Petra added. "Remember the final say is with the
Duchess. She is the one you have to convince that releasing you doesn't pose a
threat to the community."

Jane and Judith returned. "We are only your slaves for a few more hours, is
there any further services you would like from us?"

"I would like a look at your bum and a cuddle from you Jane," Alice said. Jane
presented her striped bum to Alice who examined it gently. "I expect you'll be
glad to get out and be able to put some salve on these," she suggested, "They
still look quite sore."

"Not as sore as they would have been had you not spoken up for us," Jane
replied, "But no, I won't be putting anything on them now. The worst pain has
gone and there is that warm feeling down there that makes me just a little
horny." Jane then laid herself on top of Alice and cuddled and kissed her.

"If you don't do the same for me Judith, I shall be very jealous," Bill grinned.
It wasn't quite so easy for Judith. Her tits were still very tender.

Dinner had been over for a while when a knave came and requested Alice and Bill
report to the Duchess's room. Both stood nervously in front of her as she began
her questioning. They felt as if they were already guilty and were on trial for
a crime they didn't commit. Alice was fairly certain now they were not going to
be released. The only options she could see was death down a shaft or permanent
imprisonment. "Have you learned the real names of anyone here?" snapped the
Duchess. Bill answered, "No," but Alice was hesitant.

"Well I don't know his real name," Alice hesitantly, "But I know his business."

"Who?"

"Micky." The Duchess turned to a knave and asked for the Moles to be brought in.

"How did you find out my business? Did you hack into my computer" Micky
questioned.

"No, Micky, I wouldn't do that after all your help. Its just that when you
started the laptop and booted the programme the first time, I noticed the little
logo and then yesterday when I crashed it and rebooted the logo came on screen
again."

"You recognised the little logo?" Micky sounded very surprised. "It doesn't have
any name on it."

"I applied for a summer job with you and the rejection letter had that logo on
it," replied Alice, "Sue somebody signed it."

"Did you get a job elsewhere?"

"Not yet."

"Well perhaps you had better apply again," Micky smiled, "And address it to
Micky Mole!"

"That's if we are allowed out of here," Alice wryly replied.

The Duchess dismissed all of them and told Alice and Bill to wait outside while
she consulted with the two knaves and her Lord Chamberlain. Two hours later they
were still waiting. Angry noises filtered through and from the sound of things
the knaves were definitely not in favour of releasing the pair. The Lord
Chamberlain was also undecided but tended to concur they should be given their
freedom.

"I feel this is the time I should be saying, 'Off with their heads." The
duchesses strident tones came through clearly.

"We have to find our own way out Alice," whispered Bill. "Perhaps if we keep by
the crowd, they'll protect us. Nearly everyone said they didn't want us killed.
Let's slip away while they are arguing. There must be an easy way out." They
didn't hear the Duchess go on to say, "But I'm not going to."

"We'll need some clothes, Bill. We can't go outside like this."

"I haven't seen our real clothes since they were taken from us. Lets get
coveralls from the kitchen, Alice, and hope it's not too cold outside. We don't
have any real idea if we are on the same time scale in here as the outside
world. It may be dead of night for all we know." The pair wandered quietly into
the kitchen and found the coverings and Bill picked up a broom. "You take a
broom too Alice," Bill went on, "It will make us look as if we are working and
give us something to defend ourselves with. I think we'll take the tunnel that
goes to the left of the pool. I saw the tigers go that way yesterday with
suitcases."

They tried to look as if they were just heading for the pool and were able to
bypass the main gathering in the dorm. They'd just entered the side tunnel when
they heard Peter shout, "Stop! They're not going to hurt you."

"Yes, they are," Alice yelled back, "The Duchess said to cut off our heads!"

Both Alice and Bill started running and being young and fit were able to out
pace their pursuers until they came to an unlit Tee junction of the tunnel. They
glanced back and saw the white rabbits scurrying along to catch them. "Right or
left Alice?" The light from the main tunnel dimly illuminated the two side
tunnels for only a short distance and then there was nothing.

"Right," Alice replied with a little hesitation. "We'll be whipped if we're
caught so one way is a good as another. Vaguely they heard Petra scream, "No!
Not that way!" but they went blindly on each holding tightly to the other's
wrist. Suddenly they were falling. Falling in complete blackness. Falling into a
pit that seemed endless. Once more they thought the end had come.




Chapter 12. Epilogue

"Nurse! Nurse! They seem to be waking up." It was Alice's mother, Gwen that
called. She had stayed with the couple in adjoining beds for most of the week
they'd been there. Bill's father was alongside her. Together with Alice's
father, they had watched the pair as they lay in a weird coma for nearly a week.
The doctors were intrigued. The coma was most unusual. The pair muttered and
screamed and seemed to be in communication with each other but not with the
outside world. Stripes inexplicably appeared and disappeared on their bodies and
all the while their wrists remained firmly clasped.

Bill's eyes opened first. "Where are we?"

"Leeds General Infirmary," the nurse spoke quietly, "Lie still. Your heads must
have taken quite a knock. I'll get the doctor now."

"Alice? Alice dear. Are you awake too?" Bill asked.

Gwen was disturbed a little by his use of the term 'dear' but replied that
Alice's eyes were opening and closing. She called several times to her daughter
but it wasn't to her mother that she addressed her first words.

"Bill?" Alice spoke quietly and with some disbelief, "Are we alive? Have we
landed in some other queer place?" It was the nurse who replied, giving the same
answer she had to Bill, adding for them not to talk for a bit longer.

Gwen burst into tears and she and her husband enthused over their daughters
return to 'the land of the living' as she put it. Half an hour later, Bill's
father, who everyone called Will, explained to them how he had found the pair.
"Russ came back and started barking at me, something he never does. He then kept
dashing to the door and herding me out like I was a sheep. It was then I knew
something was wrong and followed him up the hill. Saw the crashed bike and
climbed the wall. Found you two holding hands and unconscious. By the marks in
the grass I saw you had slid down quite a ways and were near to the edge. It
didn't look as if you would slide further so I called the ambulance and they
brought you here. They had problems because you wouldn't let go of each other.
Your bike is in my barn miss. It'll need a new front wheel." Gwen and her
husband tried ask a million questions at once but the doctor came and asked them
to leave for a while and after examining them again, told them to rest and
ordered the beds to be moved further apart now they were no longer clasping each
other so desperately.

"No!" Alice cried out, "Leave them. So much has happened in this last week, I
need to know he's here." She put out her arm and the two clasped each other.

"Alright, just for a little longer. It will be interesting to know what you were
dreaming about and why the stripes and screaming as though you were both being
thrashed at the same time. It seemed you were both having the same dream and you
were both in it. Now rest some more." With that the doctor left and the nurse
took over.

She smiled at them. "I've never seen a pair dream like you two. At times it
seemed as if you were making love but were not joined together except by your
wrists. And what's more peculiar, you've both lost your pubic hair and Alice,
after the first time you stained the sheet with blood and semen. That was some
dream."

"You mean we have been in bed in this hospital since last Sunday?" Alice
haltingly asked, "We've not been..." She broke off deciding not to say anything
further until she could talk with Bill. Then thought, "I shouldn't know Bill.
All I remember before our fall down the hole, is him jumping the wall and
grabbing my hand."

When the nurse left them, she turned to Bill, "Bill? If I said white rabbits to
you, what would you answer?"

"Peter and Petra."

"And the devils?"

"Eric and Elaine."

"So we did go through this together."

"Seems like it. Alice I guess we had better not say anything about this to
anyone. Let's just say we had a nightmare and don't wish to bring back the
horror again. Don't think that will satisfy my father but it will have to do
until we can work something better out." Bill gave Alice's hand a squeeze.

"It won't satisfy mother either but we need to discus this in private. How you
actually feeling Bill?"

"Okay but starving!"

*****

"Well neither of us can come up with a rational explanation," Alice remarked.
They had been sitting in Bill's bedroom for over an hour discussing the past
week. So far they had fobbed off the questions thrown at them by their parents
by saying the dream was fading fast. They didn't want to recall it, but each
knew the dream was still vivid and very real. "I don't know how you managed to
take my virginity when we were apart, She continued," I know my hymen is gone
and I can well believe what the nurse said about staining the sheets that time
we did it together. And she hinted there were other stains as well then and
every day that week. Yet we were both in what appeared to them to be a coma."

"Did you mind me doing it? You seemed to enjoy the sex when we were in bed
together in our dream world."

"I seemed to enjoy it like you say. Somehow though, I feel cheated. I keep
wondering if I actually had the real thing. Did you really do it or was it
imagination and if it was imagination, how come I bled?" Alice's voice took on a
puzzled tone.

"Alice." Bill pulled her close as they sat on the bed, kissed her and then
started to fondle her breasts until she winced.

"They're still a little tender, Bill. What about your chest?" Alice asked.

"A little Alice but nothing major. Only if I play with them like I'm doing with
yours." He paused and then went on, "Would you like to find out what sex is like
now? I would love to find out too. Remember we were both virgins last week. Did
we experience the real thing or was it we both imagined in the way we wanted?"
Shortly after they were both naked on the bed and experiencing the same
sensations and having the same stimuli as when they were underground in
Moorland.

"However it happened, whatever the truth behind this, I am glad it happened,"
Bill stated. "Without it I would never have met you. I would still be a shy boy
without a girlfriend. I hope you will continue to be that Alice. I love you. You
know that I think."

"Yes. I too would be a shy girl just interested in computers and pushing two
wheels up hills in the fastest possible time." She paused, "Bill do you think
that contraceptive injection was real? I do hope so."

"I wonder if the other characters were real?" Bill exclaimed, "The Rabbits, the
Duchess and all the others."

"Well I know a way to find out if one of them is. Micky Mole. He said to see him
if I wanted a summer job. I've still got the rejection letter so I think I'll
call in just before term finishes and see. Too much to do to get through my
exams for me to do anything now. I did log on to the MJFgames web site and found
a picture of him. He is the chief programmer, Michael Farrow, so it looks like
it's all real in that sense.

"Looks like you might get that job after all, Alice and perhaps a cock up your
bum!"

Five weeks later Alice took the bus into Leeds and entered the offices of MJF
Games. Sue sat at reception looking bored but still typing into her computer she
asked, "Can I help you miss?" She barely deigned to look up.

"Alice Williamson to see Mr. Farrow." Alice tried to sound important.

"Do you have an appointment, Miss?" Again the bored voice. "I don't see one in
his diary."

"No, but he'll see me." Alice hoped and prayed he would.

"Sorry Miss. Mr. Farrow is busy right now. Do you wish to make an appointment? I
may be able to fit you one in next week if the matter is urgent."

"I've come for a job."

"Then you'll have to fill in an application form and return it to me. I doubt if
you'll be very successful though. We don't need more staff at the moment."

"I've already filled in the form and you rejected it. Now I wish to see Mr.
Farrow personally."

"Sorry. He's too busy and I short list the applications. Try again next year."
Sue turned back to her typing dismissing the teenager.

Alice, angry at her treatment leaned over and switched the monitor off.
Surprised Sue looked straight at Alice. "I'm going to call security."

"If you value you job you'd better call Micky and tell him Alice is here and
wishes an interview for the job he promised last Easter." Alice almost spat out
the words.

Sue hesitated for a moment and then pressed Micky's phone button. "Sorry to
disturb you Mr. Farrow," she said sang sweetly, "But there is a young girl here,
says her name is Alice. She's says she come for the job you promised at
Eastertime."

Alice heard the phone almost drop and replaced without any answer. Sue looked up
and grinned, "So much for your job." Seconds later, Micky burst into reception,
gave Alice a hug, asked how she was and how the clock project worked out. Alice
didn't have chance to answer any questions before she was ushered into a large
office.

"Are you and Bill still an item?" asked Micky. Millie joined them from a side
room.

Alice knew the job interview would be a sham. "Yes, we seem to be," she
answered, "Although we only get to see each other at weekends when he can get
away from college. That has finished for the summer now so we are hoping to see
more of each other."

"What sort of story did you tell when you came round?" enquired Millie.

"We decided to treat it as a nightmare which for some inexplicable reason we
shared," admitted Alice, "but no one could make more sense out of it than we
can. How on earth could we be in two places at once? Or be in one place and live
a life somewhere else?"

"All I can tell you is that it is advanced virtual reality. If you work here
long enough, you may begin to get the idea but most of the participants don't
know. What I can't understand is how you picked our signals up. There must
actually be a fault in that hillside. We do meet under there but the place is
not as it seems. You must have uploaded our interactive programme into your
brains when you were unconscious. Most guests go away for the period and lie in
comfortable beds in the chamber and the scenarios take place in their minds too
but even I didn't realise it would work over a distance once the programme was
uploaded into your minds. The programme is horrendously expensive so like you
were told. Only the rich can afford it." Micky tried to explain.

"How is it we felt the pain, our skin blistered and welted and then healed
almost miraculously? Yet the contraceptive jab lasted three months. Or at least
I hope it did."

"Part of the programming. You received an actual jab. Judith is a real doctor. I
gather she's taken a sabbatical year to sort herself out and won't be coming in
August. The pain and welts were in your mind."

"But my virginity? That went too." Alice persisted.

"You imagined it happening and it did. Sorry Alice the programming is far to
complex to explain until you have more experience, and I don't mean that
unkindly." Micky decided not to explain any more to her but went on, "How do you
feel about going to the August week?" We can sponsor you and take part of it
from your wages. You would know what I would want in return," warned Micky.

"My bum!" smiled Alice, "I've been trying to keep myself open there in case we
went back Micky." She still called them by their mole names even though she knew
they were Michael Farrow and Susan Bishop, his personal assistant. "I would have
to consult with Bill first but I expect he is keen to get his cock in me again
just when he wants and not just when we can get ourselves together and alone.
I'm not so sure he wants a cock up his arse again though. Is this really a job
interview?"

"Yes and no. How did you do with the clock project?"

"Top marks after I had spent a hour convincing the tutor it was my work and I
had very little input from elsewhere. My tutor admitted he couldn't have done it
that way."

"What I am going to suggest, Alice is this. You can see this isn't really a big
firm. There is only me doing most of the design work, Sue out there doing and
bit of the paper work and sort of running the office."

"And putting off people like me," smiled Alice.

"That too otherwise I would be inundated with calls. Milly here, whose real name
is Susan, does the sales and looks after me, and a few others doing the
production of CD's packaging etc. For the first week I would like you to
understudy and help with the projects I am working on, then I have an idea for a
game, an adult game that we could use at the club. It's based on the simple
child's game I designed years ago and which was popular for a while. It's been a
project I have wanted to work on for years but never had the time. If it is a
success, then it could be a money spinner and will be more than worth your
sponsorship. In any case I would pay you a reasonable rate."

"And expect me to bend over your desk as and when required?"

"You know him well enough already," laughed Susan, "And it will save mine!"



Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





