BDSM Library - The Descent




The Descent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A journy into degredation and sexual awareness.
The Descent

Part 1 - Horsing Around

Today was going to be hard, she knew that his surprises could be hard on her,
after all she's learnt the hard way. Though she did enjoy the things he'd done
with/to her, they weren't always what she'd had in mind. Somehow the idea of
backing out, of not seeing him any more just wasn't an option. She needed what
he brought; it was like a drug to her, opening up new vistas of experience,
areas of her own desires that she was only dimly aware off.

So her she was, waiting on the step to her door, just wearing a long overcoat,
and nothing else. Why she'd agreed to this, she never really quite understood.
She knew that the idea of having secrets, naughty secrets that the casual
observer may never now was a huge turn on or her though.

He pulled up in the SUV and told her to get in. Quickly she obeyed, she had
learnt that the pleasure could come with pain, and she didn't want to miss out
on today's adventure.

"So Tina" he said, "open your coat, show us that you're a good girl" Obediently
she did, casting a quick glance around to see if there were any nearby
pedestrians, luckily the street seemed empty.

He took in the sight of your breasts, the rings he had you put through your
nipples, the way they were standing up, hard, and eager for action. Look in the
glove compartment he told her, as they pulled away. Nervously she opened the
catch, just wondering what may be hidden this time, in the past were gags,
whips, clamps. They all had been used on her before.

This time her jaw dropped, inside was a huge dildo, and a similarly sized butt
plug. Both were shiny, impossibly big looking, both were made out of steel, and
when she took them out of the compartment, she saw that a steel chain connected
them.

He took his eyes of the road, briefly and told her, that unless she got both of
them where they needed to be, inside the next ten minutes, he'd just have to
turn the car around, and her surprise would be over.

Eyeing them, as if they might somehow leap up and bite her, she tried to work
out the best way to get them into her. She could feel the dampness spreading
between her legs at the thought of what he wanted, "One problem solved," she
thought.

She nervously looked at him, but he kept his eyes on the road. Taking a deep
breath, she open her mouth and took the plug into her mouth, hissing, at its
coolness. She quickly worked it round, sucking it, trying to get it both warn
and wet. She could see in the corner of her eye, the other could see the other
drivers taking a second look as she passed them. Reckoning that it was wet
enough now, she lifted herself up, and worked the plug onto the seat, getting
the tip between her cheeks. With a low moan, whether in agony or ecstasy she
didn't know, she forced herself to sit back onto the seat, it gave slightly
before the tip was pressing against her. Trying to relax, she pressed down
harder, and felt her ass give slightly. It was so cold, the steel had just
sucked all the warmth out of her ass as it invaded her. It felt like she was
being stretched, more than she thought she could take, then almost as suddenly,
it slipped inside her, the base jamming between her cheeks, holding it in place.
She felt so full, so used; her pussy was ever so damp and wet at the moment.

Taking the dildo in hand, she spread her lips with one hand, then slowly trailed
the tip of the dildo along her slit. Again the coolness of the dildo took her
breath away. Wriggling slightly to get it just right, she started to feed it
into herself. Wow she thought. With her ass already filled, the dildo didn't
want to go in, she could feel the resistance as she worked the head of it into
herself.

Her thoughts were derailed by his voice,  "just thought you'd like to know,
you've thirty seconds left" Startled, she realised that she wouldn't be able to
slowly work it into her cunt in time, so taking a deep breath she gave a massive
thrust. She screamed as it split her, filling her, pressing deep into her pussy.

God that felt good she thought, as she tried to relax, to get used to having
both holes filled at the same time. It wasn't bad, in fact she felt more turned
on than ever. There was something about being used this way that drove her
crazy.

He told her just to play with her nipple rings, nothing else. Reluctantly she
started to comply, she'd leant the hard way how he wanted her to play with
herself. No touching of the breast or nipple itself. Just take hold of the rings
and pull on them, twist them, he loved making her hurt herself, and if she was
honest, she too liked being made to pull on them 'til her eyes watered.

Lost in the mixed feelings of pleasure and pain, she was surprised when he
announced that they'd arrived. She looked up to see that they were in a
farmyard, "One of my many properties" he said. Now get out, but leave your coat
behind.

He got out of the car, and waited for her. She slowly got out of the car,
finding it hard to walk with both her holes being filled. She saw a frown cross
his face as he caught sight of the seat, seems that she'd been even more turned
on that she realised. On the seat she could see the damp patch that she'd made,
little drops of her juice could be seen on the seat.

With a sinking heart she realised that she'd gone and messed up his car again,
and if she didn't want thins surprise to stop right now, she knew what she was
expected to do about it. Kneeling beside the car, she leant over, and started to
lick the seat, she could make out her musky scent, the aroma of a very turned on
woman. She used her tongue to clean the whole seat, savouring her taste as she
licked the seat clean. She looked up at him, and he nodded, his actions had
pleased him after all, so the surprise was still on.

Attaching a lead to the chain that connected the toys, he led her, not to the
farmhouse, like she expected, but around it to the stables. Kinky she thought,
she hoped that he'd soon throw her down on the hay and take her, the humiliation
of being led, naked, like this had her so turned on and she so needed to make
it.

He led her into a stall; on either side she could both see and hear the stabled
horses. Their aroma filled the air, a scent of power and animal nature. In the
stall were several bales of hay, arranged into a square table like structure. He
led her on, silently, and bent her over the bales, the rough straw catching the
nipple rings, making her cry out. She felt so exposed, so available, bent like
this, he could clearly see both of her filled holes. She felt him stand behind
her, opening her legs with his, pushing them wide apart. This had the effect of
opening her pussy further.

She started when she felt her ankles being chained to the walls, holding her in
place. Her breath caught in her throat as she realised just how helpless she was
like this. His hands were suddenly on her ass, stroking and playing with her
cheeks. She felt him reach between her legs, and slowly start to slide the dildo
out. She could feel her cunt collapsing as the intrusion was pulled out of her.

She started to beg, to plead, her empty pussy was crying out to be filled, the
feel of the hay against her was driving her mad, the helpless position she was
in only added to her desire. She breathed a sigh of relief as she felt his cock
press against her open pussy. Teasing her, not fully entering her, just playing
with her lips, letting her feel his head as he toyed with her.

With a thrust, he entered her, making her cry out, as he forced himself into her
pussy, the combination of plug and cock was incredible. She could feel his cock
hammering away at her, forcing her hips onto the hay. Her breath caught in her
throat as the hay pricked her clit, it rubbed her, toyed with her. This was so
good she thought, feeling him banging her.

He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head back and he slammed into her,
fucking her like there was no tomorrow. She cold feel his cock as it slammed
into her, rubbing against the plug in her ass, his hips thrusting, making the
ass plug move too. It was like two men were taking her at once. She started to
beg, "Yes, Yes" "Give it to me" she cried, lost in the moment.

With one final, huge, thrust, almost lifting her off her feet, she could feel
his cock pumping his seed deep into her, as he came. He was twitching, pumping
filling her, flooding her cunt with his spunk.

She tried to hold him in place as he withdrew, but to no avail. She started to
wail, she hadn't made it, yet, and she so needed to cum herself after that quick
and dirty fuck. She tried to bring herself off by grinding her clit into the
hay, but it wasn't quite enough to bring her over the edge.

Frustrated she let her head drop, resigned to having to wait 'til he was ready
for her to make it. Not without a little relief, she feels him slowly pull the
plug from her ass. The way he does this is such a turn on, but again, he makes
sure that it's not enough to bring her to orgasm.

She listens intently, hoping that he'll have new instructions for her, that he'd
tell her to bring herself off, or something. Her body was crying out for relief,
she needed it now! All that had gone before had driven hr wild with desire, but
he seemed to want her frustrated.

Suddenly she was aware of a presence, there was something looming over her. She
twisted her head, only to see the chest of a horse above her. He was leading it,
so that it stood astride her, its chest pressing her down into the hay. "No, No,
not that" she cries, realising just what he has planned for her, but between the
horse and the leg restraints, she's held helpless beneath the stallion.

He makes his way behind her, slipping a couple of fingers into her cum filled
cunt, checking that she's still wet and wanting. Then she can feel it, the
stallions cock, being rubbed against her cunt, its head opening her lips wider,
"Oh My God!" she thinks, feeling the size of it as he uses the stallions cock to
tease her.

You'd better relax now, he tells her, as he presses the head of the cock against
her wet opening, "Nooooooooo!" she cries, as she feels the horse shift its
weight, and starts to fill her sopping cunt. It feels so big, so huge, bigger
than anything she's had in there, it's stretching her, filling her, and she
knows that it isn't all in yet, and probably won't all fit either. The horse
starts to thrust, every one rams the head deeper into her, filling her, making
her feel as if she's being splint in two. Every thrust presses her deeper onto
the hay, she finds that she's having to time her own movements, as its too big,
the head of the horse cock is pressing against her cervix, bringing pain to her
pleasure. As the stallion thrusts, she tries to lift herself off, instead of her
more normal thrusting back onto it.

She's crying now, the pleasure and pain have become intertwined, she no longer
knows which is what. All she knows is that her cunt is being abused like its
never been before, the pain of the horse cock as it slams into her is
incredible, but she fids herself enjoying it, savouring the feel as she used
like never before. The pressure on her clit is incredible, and she cries out in
pleasure as she starts to cum, her own hips thrusting madly. In the heat of the
moment she thrusts back onto the horse cock. "Arrrggghhhh" she cries as she
feels the cock slamming into the neck of her cervix, making her spasm in
pain/pleasure.

With a snort, the stallion starts to cum, his powerful muscles forcing the cum
deep into her, filling her, heating her pussy. It feels so good; her orgasm
seems to be never ending, one orgasm straight after another. Finally she
collapses as the horse is pulled out of her, her cunt still gaping after the
abuse its just taken. She can feel something hard being pressed between her
legs, as he gets her to stand.

She takes a quick look and can see a cup being pressed against her cunt, the mix
of horse and his cum sliding out of her into the cup. He uses his fingers to
scoop the last traces out of her, wiping them on the lip of the cup, before
handing it to her. "Drink up" he orders, handing her the cup. Its so full she
thinks, before hesitatingly she up ends it over her open mouth, letting the cum
fill her mouth, she lowers the cup and shows him the huge mouthful she's got,
before closing her lips, and swirling it round with her tongue, before
swallowing in two big mouthfuls.

As she gets out of the car, she looks back, and hopes that he'll take her there
again.




The Descent

Part 2 - Shopping

She waited again, wondering what was in store this time. She glanced nervously
out the window, trying to spot his car. It shouldn't be long she thought. She
was as ready as she could be, after "that" phone call.

She'd rushed around like a mad thing, getting ready. Lucking she has some hair
removal cream in, otherwise she wouldn't have been here waiting. Apart from her
hair and eyebrows, there was another single hair anywhere. Almost nervously she
reached between her legs, lost in the feeling of such a smooth pussy. Almost
without noticing, she had slipped a finger into herself and started to play,
revelling in the feeling of playing with such a smooth pussy.

Damn, there he was, before she'd brought herself off. Nervously she open the
door, and looks each way, luckily there was no one the street, so taking a deep
breath she dashed for the car. Her nakedness was part of the instructions, but
even so, what would the neighbours think, if they caught a glimpse of her?
Reaching for the handle, she tries to open the door, it was locked! Knocking on
the window, he looks at her, and with an apologetic shrug, he unlocks the door.
A sigh of relief escapes her lips as she settles down into the seat, trying to
make herself as small as possible.

Expecting him to set off, he grabs her hands, and brings them to his nose,
breathing deeply; he can smell the scent of her musk. "Did I tell you to play
with yourself?" he asks. She shakes her head, "No" she replies, wondering just
what trouble she's gotten herself into.

Dropping her hands her sets off, not looking at her, he tell her to sit up
straight, and to stop slouching. Nervously she complies, fully realising that
she is now visible to any passers by. "Since you wanted to play" he says, "Go
ahead, play" She can hardly believe what he's telling her. Hesitantly she starts
to stroke her bald slit, gently stroking it, slowly building up the feelings.

"Not like that, you stupid Slut!" he barks at her, fuck yourself with your
middle and index fingers, and use your thumb to press on that clit of yours. She
risks a quick glance at him, seeing his frown, she realises that her
disobedience has put him into a foul mood, and if she doesn't want this trip to
stop, she'd better comply, and quickly.

Taking a deep breath, and secretly hoping that she was wet enough; she reaches
down and slides the required fingers into herself. They open her up, just like a
cock, she thinks, before pressing her clit. It feels so good, the pad of her
thumb, rocking on her clit as her fingers slowly fuck herself. She gradually
speeds up, getting lost in the moment; the feel of her fingers is good, too
good. Her slickness increases as she nears her release, her breathing gets
shallower, and one hand reaches for her breasts, ready to pinch and twist her
nipples, ready to bring her off.

His voice brings her back to the moment, "Did I mention your breasts?" he asks,
"I did not!" Glancing at her, he tells her to stop, that since she can't behave
today, he'd better take her back. As he slows the car, she starts to beg. Please
don't, I'll be good, I'll do everything you tell me, I won't misbehave again, I
promise, she hears herself begging, wondering just what it is that makes her
crave his attentions, his degradation of her. OK he finally replies, but
remember this, that's two strikes, a third and you're out, understand?

She nods, just glad to hear that she hasn't blown today's trip. She promises
herself that she'll listen closely, and do whatever he wants, no matter how bad,
maybe even how good?

You can start to play with yourself again he tells her, but I don't want you to
make it, just get yourself wet for later. Quickly she starts to play with her
smooth slit, lovingly caressing her cunt, but part of her mind is on making sure
that she's not going to make it. It was a very unsatisfying time for her. Her
body was so turned on, so desperate, but her mind was continuously telling her
to slow down, to make it last. She defiantly didn't want to make it, and loose
whatever trip he'd had planned for her.

He pulls the SUV into the parking lot of a mall. Get out he tells her, there's
clothes for you in the boot. Nervously she looks round, and sees that he's
parked in a far corner, in fact no one was around. Quickly she dives out of the
door, and turns, looking back down at her seat, seeing the expected sticky
traces gleaming on the seat. She kneels, fully aware of her nakedness, before
leaning down and licking the seat clean of her juices. She could feel the heat
increase between her legs as she lapped up her own juices. "Why am I doing
this?" she asks herself, knowing full well that being used, exposed, and made
her hornier than hell.

All too soon, or not soon enough, depending on your point of view, she finished
cleaning the seat, and ran to the boot of the SUV. Opening the door, she looked
inside, hoping that whatever clothing he'd left her wasn't too bad.

Inside were a halter-topped blouse, long skirt, and five-inch pumps. A pair of
black fishnets completed the ensemble. Working quickly she started to roll the
stockings up her legs, savouring the feel of the silk as they caressed her legs.
Frowning she looked round for the garter belt, but couldn't find one, and they
defiantly weren't hold ups either. Looking round she found what looked like the
clips from a garter, but the other end ended in a different type of clip. A low
groan escaped her lips as she realised that she had to clip the stockings to her
pussy lips. Taking a deep breath, she attached the first one to the stocking,
and then to her labia. The clip bit harshly into her soft skin, making her hiss
with the intensity of it. Before she could change her mind, she attaches the
other clips. She stands there panting with the intensity of the pain that's
courses through her labia. The stocking aren't quite long enough, and the two
clips on each labia were pulling her lips both open and down. She couldn't
remember the last time she felt so exposed. She could feel her juices slowly
dripping down her things she was that excited by it all.

The pumps were fine, and so was the skirt, although it was spilt right up to the
hip. She was beginning to think that the devilish stockings were all that she
had to fear this time, that was until she tried on the halter-top. Although the
material cupped her breasts snugly, and it did up fine behind her. There seemed
to be no way of holding the top up. Nervously she searched the boot, and found a
stylish gold chain, that ended in a pair of neat little clips. Examining the top
again, she discovered two small holes, just where her nipples would be. Cursing
him to hell and back, she finally realised how it was going to work.

She pulled the top up, and slid one of her ringed nipples through the matching
hole and clipped the chain to it. The chain went around her neck, and down to
the other side. Somehow she wasn't surprised when the chain didn't quite meet
her other nipple. Bending forward, she quickly clipped the other nipple. Slowly
standing she could feel her breasts being pulled upwards, in a not totally
unflattering way by the chain. Luckily for her, the design of the top matched
the colour of both her nipples and the chain.

Walking slowly back to him, the clips on her cunt cruelly pulled on her lips,
the chain pulled on her nipples. She was so wet, that right now she'd do
anything to feel his cock in her. He looked over as she came close, and took her
by the arm and led her towards to mall. She noticed that he held in his other
hand a small cooler.

As they approach the entrance, he stops her, and opening the cooler he hands her
a milky coloured ice-lolly. As she takes the lolly, it dawns on her just what
he's made it out of. A big grim stretches across her face, as she eagerly slides
in between her lips, fully expecting to taste is sweet cum. She rapidly pulls
the offending lolly out of her mouth, as he turns and grins at her. "Well you
enjoyed yourself so much last time, I thought you'd like a reminder!" He tells
her. I had that especially collected from your lover of last time he continues
to tell her.

She knows that her face is a picture as she realises that the lolly is made from
horse cum, and worse than that, he wants her to suck and lick the lolly 'til its
all gone. She nods her head in submission, before slowly sucking on the lolly.
She can taste the sickly taste of horse cum as it melts onto her tongue, filler
her mouth with its taste.

As they walk around the mall, she can see that a few of the other shoppers can
see right through her. Her nipples must have been more obvious than she first
thought, and as for the slit in her skirt, she's sure that at the right angle,
the clips pulling on her labia can be seen.

One particularly brazen teenage schoolgirl just keeps staring at her. She can
feel the girl's eyes boring into her as she's led around, as if she's on
display. She looks across at him, and she's not surprised to see that he's
noticed her attention too. He leads her slowly towards the teenager, making sure
that the girl gets a good look at you. When you're only a couple of feet away,
he stops, and bends his head, bringing his mouth close to your ear. Slowly,
sensuously he flicks your ear with his tongue, before whispering an instruction
to you.

She violently shakes her head; trying to tell him that she couldn't possible do
that. He responds by just mentioning baseball, and she knows that's she already
beaten. Taking a last suck of the lolly, she takes that last step, so that's
she's right in front of the staring girl. She opens her mouth to show her the
tell tale streak of cum on her tongue, and offers her the lolly. The teenagers
face wrinkles in disgust as she turns on her heel and stomps away, her head held
high. Ashamed by what she'd just done, she numbly lets him lead her away.

She's barely aware of her surroundings, aghast at what she did. She'd never
thought of doing anything like that before, before him! But now, she can't help
herself from doing whatever he wants her to do.

He checks his watch, and leads her into a shop. Somehow she isn't surprised to
see that it's a pretty upmarket tatooists. She knew that if she kept playing
with fire that one day she'd end up being burned, and it looked like that the
time had come.

They were lead straight through into the back, and the tatooist asked, "Is she
the one?" He replied yes, you know what to do. He turns to her, and tells her to
strip, that she needs to be completely naked for the nest part. The shame of
being shown off in front of this stranger mixed with the relief of having the
clips and clamps removed from her most sensitive parts.

Once she was naked, she was led to the chair, and made to sit. The leather felt
so cool against her hot skin, she found herself relaxing, enjoying the moment.
The buzz of the needle brought her to her senses. Did she really want to let him
mark her? But she found herself unable or unwilling to speak out, to stop this
madness.

The tatooist took hold of one of her breasts, and without further word, pressed
the needle into her flesh. She gasped, and looked around wildly as she realised
what he was doing. The needle was driving ink into her aureole, the tenderest
part of her breast. He slowly worked round and round filling in the complete
area, before starting on the nipple itself. The thousands of pinpricks slowly
turned from pain to pleasure as it continued to prick her. Soon she could smell
the heady scent of her own juices, as her body responded to the attention.

As she looked, she couldn't see any actual difference in her breast, it was as
if he was using invisible ink. In what seemed like no time at all, the first
breast was done, and he quickly repeated his actions on her other breast. Just
one more thing to do the tatooist said, are you sure you want it done? He looked
at the man and nodded.

The tatooist moved to between her thighs, and working dextrously he held her
moist lips apart. She shrieked, whether in pleasure or pain, she wasn't too sure
when he started on her delicate clit. The pain was intense, but so was the
pleasure, as the sharp needle drove the ink into her clit.

She could feel her body responding to the pain/pleasure, and was aghast as she
realised that she was about to cum! Reading the signs, he quickly pinched one of
her tender nipples, and told her not yet!

Finally the tattooist was done, though she couldn't see any actual change in her
appearance. Ready? He asked, as he turned off the lights, only to turn on a UV
light. She cried as she saw just what had been done to her. The tattooist had
used UV inks on her, her nipples and aureoles stood out starkly against her
skin, shining brightly in the light. Looking in the mirror, she could see that
her clit too stood out, it glowed softly in the UV light. Never again could she
wear a skimpy or light top to a club, anywhere, her body would be so visible, so
exposed, even if covered up.

Wordlessly she turned to him, thankful, that if nothing else he hadn't had her
more obviously coloured. Well you'd better pay the man he said, taking a step
away from her. She turned round not surprised to see that the tattooist already
had a bulge in his trousers.

She knew that if she wanted these trips to continue, she'd better do as asked,
though secretly, she was more than ready. She had been so turned on by the whole
trip, and denied any relief, she really wanted to cum badly.

She leant back against the table, and opened her legs, letting the tattooist see
his work clearly. He dropped his trousers and pulled her to him, lifting her
slightly in the process. She found herself being lifted, the slowly lowered onto
his member. She was so wet, so eager, the tip of his cock easily parted her
labia and entered her. He let her slide down deeper onto him 'til she was firmly
impaled on his rigid cock. Christ it felt so good she thought, to be filled like
this. Pressing herself to him, she wrapped her legs around his waist and started
to slowly fuck him. Raising and lowering herself on his cock. She was aware of
Him moving behind her and she stiffened briefly as she felt his cock press
against her ass.

Taking a deep breath she tried to relax, to accommodate Him as well. She felt
her ass slowly open as he forced himself into her ass. The feel of two cocks in
her was indescribable! There she was, trapped between two men, as they thrust
into her. She could feel the cocks so deep in her, filling her, stretching her.
She found that since they were all standing, she could control the pace by
raising and lowering herself.

She could feel her abused clit being pressed tight against the tattooist's body,
being rubbed by every movement; her own orgasm was building, rushing towards
her. Her whole body felt on fire as she wriggled on them. The feel of them deep
inside her was too much, the pleasure was almost too great, she started to fuck
them back, speeding up as her own need overtook her.

Just as she started to cum, she felt his hands on her shoulders, pressing down,
forcing her to take both cocks deep into her body. It was more than enough to
bring her to the edge and over in one headlong rush, she shrieked her release,
dimly aware that they too were Cumming in her, filling her body with their
spunk.

She regains consciousness back in her own place, lying on the sofa. Of him there
is no trace, though she can feel the cum from earlier slowly oozing from her
abused body. What a day she thinks, wondering just what he'll do next time?




The Descent

Part 3 - The Office

She was just stepping out of the shower when the doorbell rang. Damn that
postman she thought. Wrapping a robe around herself, she made her way to the
door. Upon opening it, she found herself surprised to see not the expected
postman, but him.

Wordlessly he brushes past her and into her home, invading her private space. He
quickly glances round, taking in her lifestyle, and in a way her life. "What are
you doing here?" she asks, surprised that he hadn't phoned as usual.

"Well you do like surprises" he replies ginning. She's nervous now, not by his
presence, but the fact he's turned up on a workday. Previously, he's only
arranged to met when she'd had some free time, today her day was full.

"So what do you want?" She asks, almost afraid of his answer. Well I want a lot
of things he tells her, but for the moment, I thought I'd see you off to work,
give you a lift, if you like.

Moving into the kitchen, he helps himself to a coffee, you just run along and
get ready, don't mind me. Just leave off your bra, that's all.

She stumbles upstairs, her thoughts running madly around, trapped inside her
head. He's here, was the most insistent, closely followed by, what does he want?
As she dresses, she reassures herself that whatever he's got planned, and surely
he's got something in mind, otherwise he wouldn't be here, wouldn't be too bad,
not on a work day at least.

She dresses hurriedly, literally throwing her working outfit on, just
remembering in time to leave the bra off. Standing in front of the mirror she
checks herself. She's in sensible pumps, stylish, but tot too high, a knee
length grey skirt, with matching jacket, and a silk blouse to set the ensemble
off. You look pretty sharp she thinks. She takes a deep breath at the top of the
stairs, before descending to whatever awaits her down below.

He's waiting for her, playing with something in his hands, something too small
to make out easily. As she descends, he looks up, and lets out a low whistle of
approval. My you do look good, he says, but I think I can make an improvement or
two. Stepping closer, he tells her to remove her blouse and jacket. Nervously
she complies, wondering just why she allows him to do this too her. Something
deep inside craves the way he treats her, loves the feeling of submission she
gets whenever he's around.

She quickly shrugs off the jacket, and unbuttons the blouse, slowly removing it.
Somehow standing there half naked seems more indecent than complete nakedness.
She's about to ask him now what, when he reaches into his pocket, and produces a
black length of rope? He throws it to her and tells her to put it on. She looks
down at what she's got in her hands, it feels slick, looks shiny, and is
slightly elastic. As she fumbles with it, she realises that what it is, is
actually a bra, a latex bro of sorts.

As she puts it on, she realises just how fiendish it actually is, where the cups
should be, there's nothing but two cut outs, cut outs big enough to let her
breasts through. She leans forward, and finds that the two holes were almost
large enough, but not quite. She squeezes them into the appropriate openings,
and stands back up. The latex is gripping each breast tightly, squeezing tightly
around the base of each one. This had the effect of making them swell slightly,
and to stand a little prouder than they did normally. She could feel her skin
tingle with the increased tension. How she'd get through work today, she didn't
know.

Once the "bra" was in place, he told her to close her eyes, and to keep them
that way until he told her otherwise. Although she wanted so see just what he
was up to, she knew that if she wanted him to continue his visits, she'd better
do as told. Once her eyes were closed, she felt him playing with her nipples;
she let out a low moan as his fingers played with her sensitive nipples. They
felt so sensitive, so responsive, she though that if he kept this up, she'd be
Cumming in her pants.

The time seemed to stretch towards forever, as he did whatever he was doing,
though there was a little pain now, she could feel him pulling on them,
stretching them out, almost pulling her forward by them.

She was startled when he said she could look, she hadn't felt his hands release
her stretched nipples; she thought that she'd get some warning at least. She
looked down, not believing what she was seeing.

He'd removed her rings, the rings he'd wanted to see her in, those rings that
had speared her nipples, in their place were little bars. They weren't too bad
she thought, but what he'd done, was beyond her wildest imaginings. Around the
base of each nipple was a gold ring, circling the base snugly, restricting them
ever so slightly; in just the same way as that bra did her breasts. From these
bands, were two little supports, an integral part of each ring, they had the
effect of catching the bars through the nipple, and pushing them out, away from
her breasts. The net effect was that her nipples were being stretched, being
continuously pulled.

You can get dressed now, he told her. As she reached for the blouse, she could
feel the way her breasts moved, slightly different from usual. This will take
some getting used to, she thought, as she put the blouse on. She gasped, not
entirely sure whether it was pleasure, pain, or something in between. All of her
skin was so sensitive; she felt that she could feel every thread in the material
as she did it up. The blouse felt incredible next to her skin, as it brushed her
breasts, it felt so good, so very good. However, the feelings from her stretched
nipples were something else. Already her nipples were sensitive, the stretching
was intense, almost too intense, but when the feel of the silk was added, it was
too much for her to take. That and the look, she couldn't help but stare at the
way they were standing proud, so very visible, pressing hard against the
material.

Well I think you're ready for work now, he reminds her, throwing her the jacket.
She catches it, knowing that today will be impossible for her. Once the jacket
was on, it was worse than ever. She just had to do up the jacket, as with her
trying to leave it open, her swollen breasts and nipples forced it to hang open,
revealing her nipples. So it had to be done up. But when she did it up, the
jacket pressed against her, squeezing them tightly.

She thought that she would pass out from the intensity of the feelings that were
running through her, already she knew that she'd do anything to take the jacket
off, but until he told her too, she'd just have to learn to live with it
somehow.

The ride to work was spent in a sexual daze; she felt that she could feel every
bump, pothole and imperfection in the road. She dreaded her actual arrival
though, as she just knew, that despite her panties, she was leaving a very
tangible trace of herself in his car. Luckily for her, he parked in the far side
of the lot, away from the entrance. He just smiled as she opened the door, the
both of them knowing what was going to happen next.

She slides out of the car, and turning quickly, she bent over, and lowered her
head to the seat. As she just knew, the seat was covered with her juices. She
started to clean the seat, but this time, her tender and sensitive breasts
brushed against the edge of the seat. Every time she lapped, the seat banged her
breasts. She felt her orgasm, which had never been that far away rise, and
before she knew it, she was Cumming as she licked. No matter how she tried to
rationalise it, she knew that her own mental picture of her bent over, coupled
with her own taste had brought her, her release.

By the time she got to her desk, her panties were already damp. Just the walk
from the car park was bad enough, every step seemed to make her taught nipples
rub against her blouse and jacket. Se could feel the dampness spreading; her
panties would be dripping themselves if this kept up.

The actual walk past security was almost unbearable, she was sure that the guard
could see just what he'd done to her, it seemed that he was staring, that he
knew, but he never said anything, nor turned his head when she passed, maybe she
was just imagining it.

As she settled at her desk, she opened up her e-mails, and was surprised to see
that he'd sent her a mail. When she opened it, she was stunned to see that it
had been sent last night, just after she'd left for the day. Just how long had
he been planning this? Shaking her head, trying to get that particular thought
out of her head, her jaw dropped as she read the body of the mail.

He'd given her instructions, all to be followed to the letter, that is if she
wanted too. Of course failure would mean that he'd be gone from her life. The
thought crossed her mind that how'd he know if she did or didn't obey? But she
found herself reluctantly dismissing that idea; the price of failure would be
too high.

The office was pretty empty at the moment; for once she was glad that she liked
to start early. Quickly glancing around, she made sure that her co-workers were
busy elsewhere. Taking a deep breath, she lifted her hips, and quickly slid the
damp panties down, and off. Adjusting her position slightly, so that her hips
were at the edge of the seat, she spread her legs slightly. One last glance to
make sure no one was paying any special attention, and she started on his first
task of the day.

Taking her panties in hand, she slid her hand under her skirt, up to her aching
pussy. Although no attention had been paid to it, her pussy was aching, her
earlier orgasm was a thing of the past, and already she needed another., but
that was the next rule, no bringing herself off. She had been forbidden to touch
herself, to play 'til she had relief.

Using two fingers, she spread her lips, and with the other hand she placed her
panties against her opening, taking a deep breath, she quickly pressed, hard,
and was rewarded when she felt the panties start to slip into her cunt. The
material felt so rough against her tender walls, but the instructions had been
explicit. Working at a feverish pace, she stuffed her pussy with the panties.

By the time she'd finished, her fingers were damp with her juices, but that was
another of his damn rules, no licking, wiping, or cleaning. She'd have to spend
the rest of the day with juice-coated fingers. The feel of the panties inside
her was so very different to anything she'd experienced before. Unlike a dildo
or vibrator, her panties were soft and giving, although she could feel them in
her, there was nothing to press against; no way she could use them where they
were to bring herself off.

She'd barely finished this first task, when her friend at down at the desk
opposite. She looked at her, and asked was everything all right? You look a
little flushed? She found herself telling Connie that she was OK just a little
tired, that's all.

Not looking at her, she tried to get on with her work, but it was nest to
impossible. Typing, reaching for a file, even getting up and walking round the
office was a torment for her. Both her breasts and nipples were aching, the
binding was making them swell, and her skin was so incredibly sensitive. Several
times throughout that morning she had to pause in her work, to try and let the
desire pass, but every time it came back stronger and stronger.

Connie kept glancing at her, a concerned look on her face. She was obviously
worried about the way she was looking, but whatever thoughts she had, she kept
them to herself at the moment.

All the time though, those damn panties were stimulating her more and more. She
could feel the material as it pressed into her skin, although try as she might,
her tightening of her pussy walls couldn't relieve the desire.

As she moved about the office, it all came to a head by accident. She was
putting a few files away when she stood up, turning, planning on going back to
her desk, Connie  took that moment to lean back in her chair. She found herself
catching her breasts against her back, hard.

She staggered back, gasping, the pain from her nipples was intense, and the way
that they'd been stretched had made them far too sensitive. The sudden impact
sent her over the edge; she couldn't stop herself from Cumming there and then.
She tried desperately to control her breathing, to be as quiet as she could, but
she couldn't quite manage it. She let out a few little pants as she came.

Connie turned quickly, concern written all over her face. She was asking if you
were all right, but there was something else there too. She must have felt the
supports, those damn nipple stretchers must have dug into her back.

She quickly tried to reassure her that everything wall all right, but no matter
how hard she tried, she could see the doubt written in Connie's face.

By lunchtime, she'd almost forgotten all about Connie and her concerns, her own
concerns were driving her now. She was as horny as she had ever been, and still
desired to make it, again and again. How she'd get through the rest of the day,
she didn't know.

Lunch itself was going to be a problem. He'd seen to that with another of his
damn instructions. All she could do would be to follow then as best she could.
The trip to the cafeteria wasn't too bad; not at all bad if you could ignore
that it felt that the whole world was looking at her breasts. She joined the
queue, making sure that there was plenty of distance between herself and the guy
in front. She ordered, not her usual stuff, but stuff he wanted her to eat.

It was all fresh fruit and vegetables, with a snack bar as desert. With her head
held high, she left the cafeteria, obviously taking her lunch back to her desk.
Well she would in time, but she had a side trip to make first. She walked into
the ladies restroom, and quickly dove into one of the cubicles.

First she spread her legs, and reaching into herself, she just about managed to
fish her sodden panties out of her pussy. They were all crumpled up, wadded into
a ball, completely soaked through with her juices. She held them over her
coffee, and still not quite believing it, she squeezed them out, letting her
juices drip into her coffee, in fact she had to swing them out, to get all of
her juices into her cup. Once that was done, she took a deep breath, and took
the first of the fruit. Slowly she slide in deep into herself, being very
careful to ensure it slid all the way in, and to avoid her clit. The feel of the
hard piece of apple as it pierced her was almost enough, but she'd been warned
not to make herself cum.

Somehow she managed to get all the fruit and veg into herself, without making
it, although she came so very close on a number of occasions. Once each piece
had been pushed deep into her, she had to take it out and replace it on her
tray.

Her hands were shaking when she returned to her seat, her panties back in place,
deep inside her. In front of her, on the tray, was her lunch. She sat down, and
nervously ate the first piece. It felt strange sitting there, eating her cum
soaked food. It was not quite pleasant, but not unpleasant either, just
different. As she ticked into her meal, the fact of what she was doing sank into
her. It was so perverted, so bad, she almost stopped, but the thought of him
drove her on.

She was jolted out of her reverie by Connie's return. She felt her face flush as
her friend reached across and asked could she steal a bit, the sight of all that
fruit seemed so much more appealing than her own desert. As Connie was about to
take a mouthful, she warned her that the cafeteria had used a new dressing; it
wasn't to everyone's taste. No worries Connie said, biting into the fruit. Her
nose wrinkled slightly as she tasted the fruit. I see what you mean; it's a bit
tart, isn't it. Her sigh of relief was almost audible, as Connie munched away,
seemingly unaware of what she was actually eating.

The sight of her eating was doing strange things to her. She could feel her own
desire growing; her secret knowledge was fuelling her desire. In fact, she
proffered more on the unsuspecting Connie, enjoying her secret. She was enjoying
it so much, that when she came, it was a complete surprise to her. She just felt
her pussy spasm, and a groan escaped her lips as she came. Connie looked up, but
she managed to brush her concerns away, again, but for how much longer she
didn't' know.

The afternoon dragged on and on, all the while she felt der desire to cum, to
actually have her clit fondled grew larger an larger in her thoughts. Her
nipples, breasts, and even these damn panties had driven her into quite a state,
and even though she'd made it several times, she found that the thought of her
clit being played with was too much for her, that particular desire came to
dominate her thoughts.

She read and reread his mail, trying to find some way of being allowed to make
herself cum, but he expressly forbade her to touch herself. Suddenly a thought
came to her, she couldn't touch herself, but he hadn't mentioned anyone else
though.

Once that thought had struck her, she couldn't get it out of her mind. She found
herself glancing at Connie, thinking hard, wondering, wondering if she could
actually go through with it.

Finally her need overtook her good senses. Connie, could you come with me
please, I've something I need you to do. OK Connie said, and you led her into
the ladies.

Taking a deep breath, and looking her straight in the face, she started, Connie,
I need for you to do something, something unusual. She lowered her head, and
pulled her skirt up above her waist, exposing her throbbing clit. She heard
Connie gasp, as it glowed bright white in the lights. Damn she thought, I forgot
they'd put black lighting in to stop the students from using drugs in the
restrooms. In the mirror she could she it standing proud, ever so visible in the
light.

Connie, I know you're not bi or anything, and neither am I, but for reasons I
can't go into know, I can't touch myself. Please, Please would you please just
touch my clit, I'm so desperate and you're the only person I could think of to
help. She can see the obvious questions on her lips, but Connie finally came
through for her. Maybe it was her desperate look, or maybe it was the feeling of
power, whatever, Connie eventually reached out with a hand.

Connie held it palm up, and extended just the one finger, she could tell that
Connie was very unsure about this, but she felt that she had to help, no matter
the thoughts running through her head.

She was so desperate, so ashamed to be asking for help, that just the feel of
Connie finger as it pressed into her clit was enough. She could just feel the
nail pressing hard against her, when she came, crying out, lost in her orgasm.
She sank to her knees in front of Connie, crying with the intensity of her
relief. It felt so good to cum like that, even though Connie was looking down at
her, a confused look on her face.

Finally she recovered a little, not looking her in the eyes, she mumbled a thank
you to Connie.


Comments, criticisms to lofwyrkp1@hotmial.com. Any feedback will be greatly
appreciated. Thank you.




The Descent

Part 4 - The Office 2

Today was going to be another one of those magical mystery rides; he'd called
last night and told her to be ready this morning. Unusually he hadn't mentioned
anything specific for her to wear, so she thought she'd surprise him, at least
she hoed she would.

Taking one last look in the full-length mirror, she admired the look she'd
achieved. She wore her tightest blouse, unbuttoned to an indecent length,
exposing her swollen breasts. Her nipple rings could be seen quite clearly
through the thin material. For a bra, she'd used the rubber one he'd let her
keep. Just putting it on, and feeling the way it cinched her breasts made her
moist. It also had the effect of reminding her of what a state she got into, and
the shame of having to ask Connie for help.

Blushing at the memories, she lowered her gaze to take in her skirt, a decent
knee length one, but one that'd worked on, now it had a hip high slash down one
side, and when she turned, the skirt flared out, revealing that she was wearing
nothing underneath.

Feeling pleased with her look, she was nervously pacing in the hall, waiting for
him to arrive.

After what seemed like ages, she saw him turn up, and as he pulled in next to
her front door, she opened it, and sashayed out. Pausing on the top step to give
him a swirl, letting her skirt ride up, and flash him her exposed pussy.

Quickly she ran to the car, and opened the door, and slid into the seat. He
turned and grinned at her, obviously pleased at what he'd seen. As they drove of
she found herself asking just what if anything he had planned for today. "Oh
you'll see" was his answer, and if anything his grin got even bigger.

Just sitting in the leather seat was enough to make her even wetter, if at all
possible. The cool feel of the leather against her cheeks made her squirm in
delight. He took all of this in, nodding in approval. Taking this as a good
sign, she let her hands drop into her lap, and pressed them against her mound.

Not taking his eyes off the road, he started talking to her, giving her his
instructions for the ride. She whipped her head around, not quite believing what
he was telling her. She found herself sitting there frozen, unable to believe
just what he'd said, although her mind was telling her that this was way too
much, her body was betraying her, and she could feel her pussy getting wetter
and wetter at the thoughts she was trying to deny.

With a mournful sigh, she realised that she'd do as he asked; there was
something powerful about being told just what to do. She knew that she could
refuse at anytime, but... if she did that, these wonderful trips would cease,
and she wasn't prepared for that, at least just yet.

Letting herself slump in her seat, she opened her legs, and pulled her skirt up
around her waist. Like this she knew that anyone who drove past could see just
how exposed she was. With one hand she started to stroke her clit, turning
herself on more and more. With the other, she started to fuck herself, sliding a
couple of fingers into her aching pussy. She admitted to herself that it did
feel good to have something deep in her pussy, even if it was only her fingers.
Taking a deep breath, she pulled them out, and slid them back in, but this time,
she managed to get three of them into her, moaning, she felt quite full, but she
knew that he wanted her whole hand in her. So she pulled them out again, and
this time she brought all her fingers together and placed them at the open
entrance to her pussy.

Slowly, ever so slowly, she pressed them against her cunt. She could feel
herself giving way, and found herself mesmerised to see her hand slowly
disappearing into herself. She felt so full, so filled. Finally she got the
widest part of her hand into herself. My God she felt filled! Slowly, very
slowly she started to work her hand back and forwards, fucking herself, Christ
it felt so good.

Her reverie was broken by the sound of his voice, he was telling her that she
was doing well, but he wanted her to make a fist! Just the idea of that made her
shiver, but she complied. Tenderly she started to curl her fingers round,
gingerly making a fist inside her. She could feel her cunt being forced apart as
the fist was formed. She felt so full, so stretched, so depraved.

Her hand started to move more quickly, forcing her fist deeper and deeper into
herself. With a low, drawn out moan, she felt herself cumming, she could feel
her juices flooding from her pussy, around her hand. Spent she collapsed back
into the seat.

She finally looked up, seeing the huge grin he had. Wordlessly he opened the
compartment, and handed her a vanity mirror. He told her to have a look.
Nervously she laced the mirror between her legs, and angled it to give her a
look at her pussy. She gasped as she saw just how open she was. Her cunt was
gaping, letting her look deep into her self, though slowly she could see her
pussy walls closing. Tightening her muscles, she watched as she finally closed
up completely.

She was so engrossed in watching herself; she was taken by surprise as she felt
the car pull up. Looking around, she realised that they were back at the Mall.
He told her to get out, and as she did, he slid out too.

Taking a look around, and spotting no one near, she bent over to clean the seat,
something she now knew that she'd have to do every tie she travelled wit him. As
she lowered her face to the hot musky seat, she felt her skirt being pulled up,
and almost before she was aware of what was happening, she felt him take her. He
slid in easily, her pussy offering next to no resistance to his intrusion.

Even as she licked up her juices, she felt him savagely thrusting into her body.
He was thrusting hard, burying himself deep into her cunt with every stroke.
Just as she was matching his thrusts she felt him cum, quicker than she hoped
for. Even as her body was begging for her own release, she felt him pumping his
cum deep into her.

Just a quickly, he pulled out, and taking her by the arm, he led her towards the
Mall. She was forced to keep up with him, giving her no chance to clean herself
up. As she walked she could feel his cum slipping down her cunt. She became
aware that he was telling her to keep her cunt tight, he didn't want her let any
drip out, but she knew that was impossible, already she could feel his cum on
her thighs, slowly running down her legs.

From the way he led her into the Mall, she knew that he had a goal in mind, and
her mind was busy wondering just what could he get up to here?

She soon found out, and wished she hadn't!

He took her to a shoe store, telling her that she needed some new spike heeled
pumps, something tasteful in black. As they entered the store, he paused,
looking around. With a feral grin, he spotted something, and led her down the
aisle.

Walking up behind the assistant, he asked her if she could help him in making a
purchase or two. The assistant turned around, and she felt herself blush, her
face turned scarlet as she recognised the girl from the Mall, the one who'd seen
her eating that lolly!

The assistant tried to hide the dismissive look that flashed across her face,
but she'd seen it. Damn!

He told the assistant just what he was looking for, and she reluctantly, it
seemed, said that they did have just what he wanted in stock. He led her to a
seat as the assistant went off to get the shoes. As she sat there, she could
feel his cum slipping out of her and onto the seat. When the assistant returned
she couldn't look at her, but kept her head down. The girl knelt, and started to
put the first shoe on her. As she looked up, enquiring about the ft and look,
she caught a glimpse between her thighs. Her face wrinkled in disgust as the
girl took in the around pussy, and the traces of cum that were smeared on her
thighs, and on the seat.

She felt her face burn with shame as she saw just how the girl reacted to her
used pussy. She looked to him for help, but his words filled her with dread. He
told her to give her a good show, show her just what a slut she was.

As the girl knelt there, watching with amazement, and revulsion, she spread her
legs, giving the shop girl a even better look. She then slid her hand down to
her pussy, and found herself, almost against her will, sliding a finger into
herself. She scooped as much of his cum as she could out of herself, showing it
to the assistant, before she slid those cum covered fingers into her mouth.
Giving them a good suck, she cleaned up his cum from them.

She didn't know why she did that, but the feeling of embarrassment, of being
humiliated, was strong, but not strong enough to make her stop herself. She
found that she was getting more turned on, the more turned on as the assistant
was being repulsed by her actions.

She was lost in her own feelings of shame and arousal, and was only dimly aware
that the shop assistant was speaking. "You take that slut out of here!" "We
don't need her kind shopping here"

She felt her cheeks burning with shame, as she dropped her skirt, and looked
towards him. He just stood there implacably, before leading her out of the shop.

He didn't say a word as she was led from the shop, but she could she the grin on
his face, seemed like he'd achieved whatever goal he'd set himself for today.
Throwing a quick glance over her shoulder, she could see the girl talking to the
other assistants, all of them looking her way.

He led her back to the car, she following numbly behind. She couldn't believe
that she'd shown herself to the girl, that she'd been so explicit in front of
her. Thank god she'd never need to shop there again.

As he drove away, he mentioned casually, that in future, all of her shoe
shopping would, in future, be from that store only. She was aghast at that
little piece of news, she knew that just setting foot in that store would colour
her, and she certainly couldn't deal with that assistant again. Even as she was
thinking that, she felt her pussy clench, and start to moisten all over again.
Her own body was betraying her, telling her that yes she would, that the
humiliation of shopping there wouldn't stop her.

She squirmed in the seat, very aware of her pussy, and the fact that she was
horny again. She looked at him, and asked to be allowed to play with herself,
again.

He nodded his agreement, and paused, before saying, "Go on then, but" But what
her mind screamed wondering just what he had in mind. "Imagine that your arousal
is on a scale of one to ten, ten being your orgasm" She nodded, wondering where
this was going. "I want you to tell me the number of your arousal, as you play,
and I want you to reach nine, no make that nine and a half, but not ten"

Not ten! She thought, damn, he just wants me turned on! But she found the idea
to interesting, so almost unconsciously she started to play with her pussy. She
used one hand to hold her labia apart, exposing her clit to the cool air, then
started to just touch her clit, resting her finger on its throbbing heat. "Five"
she said, just surprised at how turned on she was. "Six" as she started to touch
herself.

As her fingers sped up, rubbing, circling, pressing, she quickly ran through the
numbers "Seven, eight, nine, nine, nine and a bit" When she finally felt about
to cum, she stopped and said "nine and a half"

He glanced at her, smiling, that's good, but don't stop playing, just keep
touching your pussy, but don't reach ten.

Christ she thought, that'd be so hard to do. She started to play, continuously
touching, rubbing, all the while mumbling nine and a half, nine and a half. To
stop herself from Cumming, from just tipping over the edge, she found that he
hard to pinch her clit, to use pain to stop herself from making it.

As the ride continued, she found to her horror that the pain wasn't going to be
enough, that she needed to pinch harder and harder to stop herself.

His hand on hers brought her out of her daze, her whole body thrummed with
sexual tension, she never felt to turned on, so desperate to cum. She was
surprised to see that they were pulled up outside her home.

"Aren't you going to invite me in he enquired?" Nodding, desperate to get him
inside where he could finish off what he'd started, she nodded, telling him that
he was more than welcome to come in for a coffee, or whatever.

She slid from the seat, and turned to head up the steps, to open the door for
him. Wordlessly, he followed, his face darkening. As she stepped inside, she
caught the look on his face, suddenly realising that she hadn't cleaned the
seat.

She turned to go, and felt herself being stopped by his hand. Wordlessly he
gripped her skirt, and with one strong pull, ripped it from her, leaving her
naked from the waist down. "Now you can go," he said.

She fled down the steps, running, hoping that the neighbours weren't too
inquisitive today. As she opened the door, she heard him say, "kneel!" and she
groaned in dismay. She found herself kneeling by his car, door open, and her
head hidden, as she started to clean the car seat. It was covered with her
juices, and traces of his cum. She could feel the cool air on her ass, as she
worked on the seat. The shame of her situation was intense, and she almost
started to touch herself, to bring herself off, but she remembered that he
hadn't said anything about that, so she fought the urge to play, and
concentrated on he seat.

Once she'd finished, she stood and turned, just in time to see her next door
neighbour opening the door, she fled, hopping that he hadn't seen anything, but
she feared that he'd seen enough. His voice, "Miss?" was confirmation enough
that indeed he had.

"Oh my God!" she thought, would today never end?

Once inside, she found him waiting for her. He was in the kitchen, bent over her
pc. He hadn't even stayed to watch, he knew that she'd go and clean as she had
been told. The realisation that she was doing his bidding, even when he wasn't
present came as a shock to her.

With a glance, he stopped her from seeing what he was doing, although she needed
to know she stood there, waiting, wondering.

Once he'd finished, he turned off the screen, and turned to her. Motioning to
the chair, he had her bend over it, facing the table. Once she had, she could
feel his presence move behind her.

She smiled as she heard his fly being unzipped, and wriggled her ass, making it
all the more inviting to him. She let out a low moan as she felt the tip of his
cock brush against her pussy. She was so very turned on, from the playing, and
the seat, she felt that she'd cum in seconds, if only he'd actually take her.

He didn't, he just played with her cunt and ass, rubbing the head of his cock
between her cheeks, along her pussy, even thrusting in a little so that she felt
him start to take her, before pulling out. No matter how she moved her ass, he
just toyed with her, driving her crazy with desire.

She heard him start to speak, and she listened intently to every word, hoping
that he'd be telling her just how she was to cum. Instead he was telling her
about tomorrow, and in fact every workday. Before work, she was to stay I her
car, but move over to the passenger seat.  Once there, she was to play with
herself, to make herself wet with desire. She was to spend at least five minutes
at a rating of nine or more! But not to cum there.

Even as she started to shake her head in denial, she knew that she would, the
thought of her exposure, the risk of being seen were too much of a temptation to
her. The fact that he wanted it, and that he hadn't said that she couldn't make
it in the car, but that wouldn't stop her from going into work and finishing in
the ladies though.

She readily agreed, but and with him, there was always a but. He told her not to
clean the seat after, in fact, she wasn't to clean the seat ever. Her mind raced
with the implications of that little caveat. The way she got exited, just how
wet she became, meant that after only a couple of days the seat would be
covered, it would dry, stain, smell. She'd be unable to give a lift to anyone,
not without questions that is.

Numbly, she agreed, knowing that no matter how depraved his requests, she would
comply, that there was something dark in her soul that craved such depravity.

She felt his hands on her hips, pulling her back onto him. She felt the tip of
his cock press against the tight ring of her ass, preparing to enter her. Christ
how she needed it, she could feel her juices running down her thighs, her clit
was throbbing, even his instructions about her car were turning her on.

"Please, Please" she said, trying to push back, to make him take her. Slowly,
ever so slowly, she felt her ass opening to take him. She felt so invaded, so
open to him, and just as she was about the thrust back and take him deep into
her ass, his grip firmed up, and stopped her.

She was nearly crying with frustration, she needed his cock, she needed to be
ass fucked, and she needed relief so desperately. Instead he reached over and
turned on the screen, which was in front of her.

Her eyes couldn't take in the message on the screen. Numbly she read, and
reread.

To: Connie@work.com
Subject: My behaviour

Hi Connie,

I don't think you know this, but I'm a slut, such a dirty slut! Every morning
before work, I stop in my car, and toy with myself, drawing it out, and making
myself crazy with lust. Then at work I sneak off to the ladies, and bring myself
off. Sometimes several times a day!

I need help, and I'm asking you as a friend to help me stop this disgusting
behaviour, as I can't seem to stop myself.

I'm asking you to help me control my desires. I don't think I can stop myself
from playing in the car, but at work, it could be different.

What I need for you to do is to stop me. I'd like you to be my conscious; in
fact, I think I need to be treated like a naughty schoolgirl.

If you agree, I'll have to ask you for restroom breaks, and in all probability,
I'll ask you to let me cum, because by then, I'll be so desperate, see just what
a slut I am!

This though I leave up to you. You can let me or not, as the fancy takes you. I
promise to follow your instructions faithfully. This I need, I need to be
controlled, as I obviously can't trust myself.

I so desperately need this help, please, as a friend help me


Noo she cried, you can't, I won't, you can't make me send that, its too
degrading, to personal, I won't let you do it, she cried!

He just slowly flexed his cock, making her aware of her own needs again,
reminding her of her need to be fucked. "I won't be sending it, you will" he
said.

That is if you want me to finish fucking you, all you have to do is press the
send key.

She looked at the flashing cursor, knowing that if she pressed it, her life
would change forever. Almost as if it was someone else's hand, she saw her own
hand reach out, and hover over the key.

As she was struggling with such conflicting desires, he slid into her ass a
little further. The feel of him opening her, taking her, was enough to make her
mind up.

With a strangles "Yes" she hit the send key, and was rewarded by both a message
sent, and his cock, slamming into her ass.

The shock of what she'd done, and his cock was more than enough to make her
start to cum, and in fact the harder he slammed into her, the longer it lasted,
it seemed that her orgasm would never end, it was that intense. She felt him
buried deep in her, felt his cock twitching as he pumped his cum into her, and
her own release was so intense that she collapsed over the chair.

He left her there to recover, and to wonder just what Connie'd say tomorrow.

Tomorrow, well tomorrow was now today. She stood there, hand on her front door,
waiting. After yesterday's incredible series of events, it was now time to pay
the price.

She'd done her best to dress conservatively, to look so normal, but she knew her
own body was already aflame with expectation. She'd used none of his diabolic
toys; even so, she could feel her pussy, swollen with lust, with desire.

Taking a deep breath, she opened the door, almost ready for the day's trials.

The drive in to work was so long, and yet not long enough. All of a sudden she
found herself in the car park. As she drove around, looking for a parking space,
she found herself parking in the most secluded part.

For a moment she just sat there, staring straight ahead, thinking furiously. He
couldn't make her do anything, if she wanted she could play with herself, or
not. Make it or not, even ignore Connie or not. As appealing as it was to think
about doing just as she pleased, she knew that if he asked, she'd be unable to
lie to him, and then. And then, he'd stop, the trips would stop, she'd never
experience any other of his devious pleasures. With that thought, she realised
that she needed him and his pleasures, that in fact she'd do just about anything
for keep them continuing.

Sighing, she moved across to the passenger seat, and sat there, just for a
moment, composing herself. She could feel the heat between her legs, already,
she was ready, ready for her hand and the denied pleasure that it'd bring.

She parted her legs, and slid her hand down her body, to between her legs. She
hissed in pleasure as her hand brushed against her mound. Pressing her hand
against herself, she could feel her panties dampening as they absorbed the
moisture from her pussy.

Rubbing her hand over her clit, pressing the material between her lips was so
good, so pleasurable. Already she knew that she needed to cum, to cum badly. But
his instructions were loud in her head, and she fought the desire to just
finish.

It was so hard to keep touching, and not to make it, harder than she'd have
thought. She moved her hand, and slipped them between her skin and panties. It
felt so good, she could feel her heat on her hand, the damp panties pressed
against the back of her hand, holding it tight against her clit.

Slowly, ever so slowly, the dash clock ticked the time away, and when the five
minutes were up, she wrenched her hand away, eager to stop before she came. She
was so near, she wanted to cum, to continue, but she knew that she wouldn't.

Once out of the car, she looked down at the seat, already she could see the
outline of her ass and pussy on the seat, little beads of moisture outlining her
perfectly.

The walk to her office was the longest she'd ever taken, each step dragged, each
step brought her nearer to facing Connie. As she walked she was aware of the
feel of her thighs as the brushed against each other. This unintentional teasing
just kept her so aroused, so needy.

As she worked at her desk, she was aware of everything, her whole body seemed so
alive, her thoughts were racing round and around in her head. What would Connie
think? Would she take part? Or would she report me?

She couldn't believe just how badly she needed to make it, to bring herself off.
Somehow the knowledge that it was beyond her own control made the desire almost
intolerable. She needed it badly, but she knew she'd have to wait, wait 'til she
was given permission.

Finally Connie arrived, and made the usual small talk, as she started up her PC.
She found she couldn't stand the torture of waiting, and fled, offering to get
the morning coffees. She waited by the coffee machine for as long as she could
stand it, before returning, slowly.

As she entered the office, she looked intently at Connie, hoping to judge her
reaction from her face. Apart from a slight colouring, there was nothing obvious
written there. She handed the coffee over, and Connie took it without a word.

The morning dragged, Connie never said a word, just busied herself in her work,
almost ignoring her. Several times she almost spoke to her, but found she
couldn't. All the while, her clit beat against her panties, reminding her of its
need. The knowledge that Connie now knew about her didn't stop the desire, in
fact it increased it.

Eventually, she broke first, her bladder betrayed her, all the coffee had run
through her, and she need to relieve herself. "Connie?" "I need a bathroom
break"

Connie looked up, staring at her. Come with me was all she said. Connie led her
to the coffee machine, and looked her up and down. To the rest of the staff, it
just looked like two co-workers chatting over a break.

"So you're a slut?" Were the first words out of her mouth. "What makes you think
that?" Connie asked.

She found herself talking in hushed tones, telling her all about him and the way
he used her. She could feel her cheeks turning red as she talked, her head
bowed, not being able to face her. She could hear Connie gasp at the horse, make
"oh my god" noises at the iced lolly, and when she got to the girl assistant,
and how she'd shocked her, Connie was quiet. Finally she confessed to her having
to clean the car seat after every trip, how it repulsed her, but found herself
looking forward to it also.

This confession to her brought mixed emotions to her, one part was so ashamed to
these confessions, but another, greater part responded with increased desire.

When she'd finished, she finally found the courage to look at her, straight in
the eye. What she saw there shocked her. Connie just looked coolly back at her,
her face blank, her thoughts hidden. Connie took the coffees, and retuned to her
desk.

"Connie?" she called softly after her, "I need to go!" but there was no answer.
She stood there, momentarily confused, before following her back to the office.

As she sat back in her chair, Connie handed over a coffee, and winked at her.
The thought of drinking more, when she needed to go, seemed like a bad idea, and
she refused the offered cup. Connie just smiled sweetly, and said" No coffee, no
break"

With those words, she felt her pussy spasm, her pussy flooded with juice,
filling the air with her scent. It seemed that Connie would indeed play with
her! Was there no end of people who liked to exercise control over her, and why
did she crave it so badly.

Connie's response was unexpected, all she said, was if that you were going to be
like that all the time, you'd better get some air freshener. The shame of her
obvious arousal made her squirm in her seat, desperate to both relieve herself,
and to make it.

She gulped the coffee down, almost scalding herself; she didn't give it time to
cool properly. "Can I go now?" "No was the reply" you can ask again in an hour,
and by the way, you'll have to have drunk two cans of soda before then.

"Two cans!" I can't hold two cans was her thought, knowing that now she was in
this position, she wouldn't refuse. Who knew that Connie had such a mean streak?

The time crawled by, the pressure on her bladder made her move, squirm, even
cross her legs. Every mouthful seemed to go straight to her bladder. However the
need was growing too, the continued desire for relief was intolerable, the fact
that it was beyond her own control just made the desire stronger.

Finally, she'd managed the drinks, and the time had passed, and she asked again,
surprised by the begging tone in her voice. "Can I go now, Connie?"

"Of course you may" but I'd better come with you, just to make sure, you know,
unless there's something else?

"Something else?" Was she offering to let her make it as well? "Connie" her face
colouring, "Connie can I cum too?" "We'll see" was the only answer.

Connie led her to the toilets, and surprisingly stopped her at the door. "OK
here's what I want you to do. You can use the toilet after you cum, How's that?"

She was shocked; here was a side of Connie that she never knew existed. She had
a cruel and dominant streak to her. She realised that now Connie knew about her,
Connie could take out her frustrations on her, allowing or denying as the mood
struck her.

Just how low had she sunk, to get into this position?

"OK Connie" "If that's what you want" she said, accepting that life would never
be quite the same again.

Connie went in first, checking that it was clear. She made her way to one of the
stalls, but Connie stopped her, by placing a hand on her arm. If you need to
cum, you can do it here.

Here! In full view, for Connie, she couldn't, but all Connie had to do was look
back at her, and she knew that she would.

She stood there, parting her legs, the pressure intolerable both on her clit and
bladder. She quickly raised her skirt, and slipped her hand into her panties,
eager to start. "Not like that" Connie said, I want to see that glow in the dark
clit of yours, his idea I take it?

Damn she thought, I should have never asked her that time, she furiously
thought. Resignedly she stepped out of her panties, the nub of her clit visible
in the room's black light. She could she it in the mirrors poking out between
her opened lips.

Connie tapped her foot, telling her that she didn't have all day, that she
better get on with it, before she changed her mind. With a gasp, she touched
herself, enjoying the feel of her fingers on her needy clit, her cheeks
colouring in shame as Connie watched impassively.

She started to press, to rub, to move her fingers over her sensitive clit,
bringing herself nearer and nearer to release. She totally forgot about Connie
watching as she felt her orgasm building, swifter that she'd have thought
possible. She started to moan as the first waves of her orgasm hit her, her legs
trembling with the strain.

Her moans turned to a drawn out noooo as her bladder let go as her orgasm hit,
she'd been made to wait too long, and her muscles couldn't keep back the flood
of her piss. It gushed against her hand, bouncing back against her clit before
running down her slit and legs. It felt so good, so warm, the feel of her warm
piss splashing against her, she found herself Cumming again, and again, a stream
of orgasms, each one smaller than the one before.

Finally she was spent, in both ways, her body limp after such an intense
release.

She raised her heavy head, and looked at Connie, expecting she knew not what.

Connie just looked at her, shocked, "You weren't wrong, were you? You really
area slut!" and with that, she turned on her heel and left her to clean up the
mess.

She felt herself colouring in shame, a common feeling it seemed to her, one that
she seemed to be experiencing all too frequently of late, as she cleaned up the
mess. Finally it was done, and she headed back to the office.

Once there, Connie just ignored her, for which she was grateful. She buried
herself in her work, trying to forget what she'd done in front of her.

Just as he was about to go finish for the day, she was called to the front
office, seemed that there was a late arriving transfer student who needed help
with the application forms.
Grabbing the necessary paperwork, she made her way to the desk, ready to help
the student.

Her jaw dropped, wide open, in fact matching the look on the students face. On
the other side of the desk was the assistant. "Oh my God!" she's going to be a
student here! Was all she could think of! "You!" was all the girl said.

Could this day get any worse?



Comments, criticisms to lofwyrkp1@hotmial.com. Any feedback will be greatly
appreciated. Thank you.




The Descent

Part 5 - The Park


Finally the weekend arrived, and he'd promised her another trip. She didn't know
whether to look forward in pleasure or dread. Every time he took her out, she
learned more than about herself than she really wanted to know.

The past week was such a trial for her, every night she came home dripping wet,
and she ran up the stairs to her home, before slamming the door behind her.

Connie had taken the e-mail to heart, and she never knew from on day to the next
whether Connie'd let her cum or not. Some days she did, some days not. It all
depended on her mood.

Even before she arrived at the car park, she was wet, hungry with anticipation,
dreading the actual moment. She always left the seat worse than when she
started, and the day's sun baked her juices, filling her car with a musky scent
that just screamed out sex.

One day Connie had been in a foul mood, and instead of stopping her from making
it, she wanted her to cum, in fact Connie had made her rub herself raw, she'd
demanded so many cums from her.

No matter what'd happened, once home, she usually lay on her bed, and brought
herself off, reliving the days events, though if Connie hadn't let her make it,
she could just about manage to get home before she brought herself off, back
pressed against her front door.

Now she was waiting for him, nervously pacing in front of the window, watching
out for his car. After an interminable wait, he parked up outside her door. As
she opened to door to go and met him, he instead walked up the steps and led her
back into her home.

He took in her outfit in a glance, before telling her to strip. Surprised, she
obeyed, hoping that he might want to start the trip off with his cock buried in
her.

Follow me, he said, leading her to her bedroom. Once there he told her to bring
him every stitch of clothing she owned, smalls and shoes too. He sat on the bed,
and as she brought him her clothes, these he separated into two piles, one
considerable larger than the other.

As she watched him making his choices, she became aware that the larger pile was
being made up off her decent, full length, and covering apparel. The other was
made up of her skimpiest, most revealing clothes, though he did leave her a few
work clothes, they were her smallest, and tightest.

As for her shoes, she correctly guessed that all her flats went into the larger
pile; her pumps went into the small one.

Finally he finished, and he gestured to the clothes, telling her that she could
keep one. She knew that he wanted her to keep the revealing stuff, the stuff
that made her look sluttish. Again he was making her decide her own fate, no
threats, no coercion, just a simple choice.

In the end it wasn't really a choice, she pointed at the smaller pile, and he
handed them back to her, to be put away. The others were put into rubbish bags.

He had her dress from her remaining clothes, although only from the waist down.
She stood there as he appraised her look, her legs extended by the height of her
pumps, her skirt barely covered her butt, it was that short, it was little more
than a strip of cloth wrapped around her waist.

He surprised her by throwing her a pair of panties, which she gratefully slipped
on, at least know she could only flash her panties, not her pussy as she had
originally feared.

Satisfied with her look, he threw to her the nipple stretchers. As she caught
them, she felt her pussy dampening, as she remembered the effect that they'd had
on her previously. As she pulled and pinched her nipples, trying to get the damn
things onto her nipples, he went and started to rummage through her sewing
things.

Finally they were on, making her, the pain and intense feelings made her pant,
they stood out so far, so erect, so exposed. The fact that she was naked from
the waist up just emphasised just how mush they were being stretched.

Seeing that she had finished putting them on, he passed to her a low cut jacket,
which she gratefully put on. The cut barely covered her nipples before buttoning
at the waist. He then came to her, unbuttoning the jacket, leaving it open.

She thought that she was too exposed like this, there was nothing to stop the
jacket flying open on its own, but she knew that she'd accept whatever he
wanted. She was surprised when he stepped up close to her, and with a flourish
he revealed a needle and thread, he'd taken from her sewing box.

"Stand still" he commanded, as he carefully slipped the needle through her
nipple piercing, sliding it alongside the bar that was already there. She could
feel the needle forcing the hole open slightly as it slid along. She hissed with
pleasure as the rough thread was pulled through, rubbing her inside her nipple,
sending shocks straight to her pussy.

She watched, open jawed, as he sewed her nipple to the jacket, each nipple to
the matching lapel. He left about an inch of thread between the nipple and
cloth. She realised that she was now covered, but that jacket wouldn't be coming
off any time soon.

Satisfied with his handiwork, he finally led her to the car. As she stepped
outside, a gust of wind caught her jacket, snapping it open, or at least it
tried too. Instead it just tugged at her nipple, making her cry out in shock and
pain.

Hearing her cry out brought a smile to his lips as he wordlessly opened the
door. The actual trip was spent in silence; he never glanced or said a word to
her. The silence caused her mind to wonder if she'd done anything wrong, if he
was displeased in someway with her. She spent the journey trying to recall if
she'd done anything to upset him, but as she recalled the previous trips, the
thoughts of what's she'd done and how she'd felt, instead of calming her, just
turned her on the more.

By the time he pulled up, she knew that her panties had a dam patch, right over
her pussy, and that it'd be pretty obvious to anyone who saw them, and that
might be quite a few people given how short her skirt was.

She looked around, seeing that they were at a park. It was packed with people
celebrating Independence Day. There were couples and families everywhere! The
car park was busy with people arriving and departing, in fact there wasn't a
quiet spot to be had.

With a sinking feeling she knew that her seat was covered in her juices, despite
her panties, and that when she cleaned it, she'd be on view to anyone who cared
to look. Numbly she steeped out of the car, accepting that she'd be seen
cleaning the seat. He stopped her with a word, the glove box. He heart dropped,
she'd almost forgotten that he usually kept something in there for her. Her
trembling hand opened the compartment, and reached inside.

Her hand closed over something rubbery and cool. Pulling it out, she was
surprised to see that she held a used condom, tied off at the top. It was full
of spunk, his presumably, but he never confirmed this. He then just pointed to
the seat.

She couldn't! Really she couldn't. But even as she thought that, her hands were
untying the knot, eagerly opening the condom, before squeezing the sticky white
cum onto the seat. It clumped there, mixing slowly with her own juices.

Quickly she lowered her head, thrusting her tongue out, eager to taste the cum,
Her body burned with shame, knowing that she could be watched by anyone, but the
need over took her. As she licked and sucked, cleaning up every drop, her pussy
throbbed against her, reminding her how she craved this exposure, how she needed
this to really feel alive.

Eventually the seat was clean, and he let her stand. She glanced around, glad
that no one seemed to have noticed her actions, although there was one group of
teenagers that were talking animatedly. She could make out that they were
arguing over something, and that the something was her! Seems one of them had
seen it all, but the rest didn't believe him.

They walked in the park, round and round; it seemed to her that he was looking
for something, something specific. As they walked, the wind kept catching at her
jacket, cruelly tugging and pulling her abused nipples. Each flash of pain was
followed by a burst of pleasure, each time she almost stumbled with the
intensity of it all.

Eventually he found what he was looking for, at least his feral grin seemed to
say that to her. In front of her was a bench, situated on a slight rise. In
front the park spread out in front of her. Dotted all over the grass, families
and couples were picnicking.

He told her to sit, to keep her legs open, and to stay there 'til her returned.
At that he walked away, leaving her there. She sat, being careful to indeed part
her legs. As she looked over the crowd, she could see that a few of them had
caught a glimpse of her white panties. Most, the ones with families turned their
heads, but a few of the men just stared, as did a couple of the women.

She could feel herself burning with shame with the knowledge that she was
exposed o their gaze, but it didn't quench her desires, instead it fuelled them.
She could feel the copious flood of her juices as they dripped from her panties.

She was relieved when her retuned with two cold Cokes. One he was drinking from,
the other he put down on he seat beside her. She reached out for it, only to be
stopped by his voice.

She turned to look at him, and he told her that now that they'd refreshments it
was time to be on their way. She was to bring the coke with her, but she
couldn't use her hands or mouth to carry it. She should have thought by now that
she'd be wish to his tricks, but he kept catching her out every time.

She looked at the bottle; it was a half litre bottle, in the classic Coke shape.
She knew just what he wanted, and if she was honest, she wanted it too. Standing
up, she quickly bent, and with a flourish, she whipped her panties down and off
her legs. She glanced up, surprised by the sound of a wolf whistle, from
somewhere in front of her.

Sighing, she knew for sure that others would be watching. Her cheeks were
scarlet with shame; she couldn't make herself look to see just how many were
watching.

She stood over the bottle, and with one hand she parted her lips, before slowly
sitting down on it. Christ it was cold as the neck of the bottle parted her. She
knew she'd have to be quick, there was no way she could take her time over this,
good job she was so wet!

With one movement, she finished sitting, crying out as the bottle filled her,
cooling her. The bottle seemed to suck the heat straight out of her; it felt so
cold and hollow inside her. Her cheeks could feel the rough wood as they pressed
down, the bottle deep in her pussy.

She hung her head in shame, knowing full well that she'd been seen. He stood
then, stilling her movements with a glance. "Wait for five minutes, then walk
back to the car" he said, "but, you've got to walk through the picnickers ahead
of you"

As he left, she was silently screaming, "How could he!" but she knew that she
would, despite the reaction she'd receive.

In fact it was worse that she'd have ever thought, that trip. By the end she was
crying, the tears streaking down her face, blinding her. The shame of it was too
intense too raw. As she set off, she was stopped by one man, who told her that
her place was touting on a street corner, not in a public park. There were
others too, fathers and mothers who were outraged by her behaviour, horrified by
what she'd done in front of their children. Others were from guys, and even a
few girls, who obviously thought she was easy, their comments were crude and to
the point. All the while she could feel the bottle deep in her. Being held in
place by her pussy walls. The Coke shifted with every step, sloshing, making the
bottle move ever so slightly.

Even as she fled, tears falling freely, she was amazed by how her body was
responding, her skin tingles, every nerve seemed so alive, her clit was peeking
out between her opened lips, begging for attention. Although she was so ashamed,
she was turned on as never before.

He was waiting by the car, grinning at the state of her. She thought she was
going to tell him enough was enough, that this time he'd gone too far, but was
surprised when she actually started to beg him to take her there and then, that
she needed his cock in her, in any orifice that he'd care to use, that she
needed and craved his touch, his cock, his cum.

She couldn't believe just how turned on she was, her whole body was crying out
for his touch. To feel him against her, to use her, any way he wanted.

He stood there, impassively, his eyes taking her in, lingering on the streaked
makeup that ran down her cheeks.

He got back into the car, and motioned for her to join him. She eagerly slid
into her seat, being careful due to the ever-present bottle. "Where are we
going?" she asked, hoping that she'd get her wish.

"You'll see, it's going to be a surprise" was the reply, and with that, her
heart dropped, she was getting a good idea just what his "surprises" actually
meant.

The trip wasn't a long one, in fact it wasn't long before she recognised the
scenery, he was taking her back to the farm. She struggled with the thoughts
that leapt, unbidden into her head. The only other time she'd been there, he'd
introduced her to the stallion, and she wasn't sure that she wanted to go
through that again. Though it would explain the bottle, it was stretching her,
making her open enough to take the horses cock without discomfort.

He pulled up, in the same place as before, and got out of the car. She too slid
out, and knelt, knowing that he'd want his seat kept clean. He just motioned for
her to continue, so she lowered her head, extending her tongue to lap up the
copious juices that had slipped past the bottle. She gasped when she felt his
hands on her cheeks, one started to play with her ass, the other grasped the
bottle, and started to slowly work it in and out of her pussy. It felt so good
to be used like that, she started to push back, to make him drive is fingers and
bottle deeper into herself. He speeded up his strokes, matching her every
thrust.

Just as she was about to cum, he stopped, suddenly, and told her to come with
him. Damn, she was so close, so very close, but she knew better to continue, so
sighing slightly, she followed.

Instead of leading her into the barn, where she expected to go, he led her into
another part of the farm. She looked around, trying to take it all in.

She was in the milking hall, all that shiny steel, stalls, and goodness knows
what. He led her to one of the stalls, and had her stand there.

He took out a penknife, and deftly cut the threads that tied her jacket to her,
the tug on her nipples wasn't as bad as when the wind caught it, but dad enough,
they'd been through a lot today already.

Once he'd had her jacket off, he made her bend over at the waist, legs spread,
and hold onto the bars either side of her. He surprised her by taking what
looked like several metal dildos from a nearby pile. Her thoughts races, as she
desperately tried to work out just how he use them on her.

She was surprised to be ever so wrong, as he approached, she could see that they
had were open at one end, covered with a rubber ring, the other end led to a
flexible tube. Grinning, he said, "I think you'll enjoy this" but I'm not too
sure.

He placed one of the tubes over her left breast, immediately she felt her
elongated nipple sucked into the tube, where it held it firmly.  It wasn't
unpleasant, just different, she thought, though when he did the same to the
other one, she started to wonder just what this contraption did.

He let go, and the weight of the tubes kept her bent over, her breasts hanging
freely, pulled dawn by the weight of the metal tubes. He moved over to a way
switch and asked "ready?"

Ready for what, she wondered, but nodded, eager to experience whatever he had
planned. He grinned and flicked the switch, his eyes on hers throughout.

She found herself crying out, the tubes suddenly increased their suction, it
felt like they were trying to rip her already sore nipples off. Just as suddenly
they relaxed, and the suction dropped to a more manageable level. Just as she
relaxed, it sucked, hard, again. "What, what have you done?" she asked,
desperately trying to work this device out.

He walked up to her, and gently stroking her hair, he explained. Well you see,
this is a working farm, and you my dear, are connected up to a milking machine.
Normally its used on cows, the suction cups suck the milk right out of the cow's
udders. Although you aren't producing any milk, I think you'll find the
experience interesting.

Interesting was hardly the right word, the steady, sucking and relaxing was
doing incredible things to her. Both of her nipples were so tender, and to have
them mechanically sucked, on, off, on, off.

Grinning, he went to the wall-mounted timer, and set it, "How's about half an
hour?" he said. She was going to tell him that it was way too long, already her
nipples were protesting every time they got sucked deeper into the cups, but
he'd just set the timer and left.

Left her to the infernal machines attentions.

She could of course just wait 'til they'd relaxed and just pull them off, but,
and he was the rub, if she'd do that, that would mean the end of the trips, and
even though today he'd pushed her further than she thought she'd ever go, she
still craved his attentions, so she reluctantly let them do there worst.

She found herself going into a daze. The rhythmical sounds, combined with the
sucking, let her mind wonder. She could feel her juices flowing, trickling down
her thighs, making its way around the obstruction in her pussy. She found her
self rocking to and fro in time, making he suction cups swing in time. Her
nipples were crying out in agony, they were already way too stretched by those
stretchers, and now they were being sucked further and further into the machine.

Her body was covered in a fine sheen of sweat, she had to grab hold of the bars
to keep herself standing, it was too intense, way too intense. Her whole body
was on fire, her need was building and building, she could feel her clit
throbbing between her legs, it felt so large, so needy, it felt like it was
pushing its way past her lips, standing proud, crying out for attention.

She'd lost track of the time, somehow it didn't matter any more to her, just the
continued attentions of the milking machine was her whole world now. All of her
thoughts were on her breasts and nipples, they sang out in pleasure and pain,
each alternating with whether it was sucking or relaxing.

She was barely aware when he stood behind her, his rigid cock pressing against
her tight ass, but the feel of it as it slipped in past her tight ring, was
enough to bring her round. She pressed back, desperate to feel him take her
completely. She hissed, he'd never felt that big before, but then she remembered
the bottle still in her pussy, it too pressed against him, making her feel ever
so tight.

Wordlessly he thrust against her, she matched his thrusts, desperate for him to
use her as she wished to be used. With one hand her grabbed her round the waist,
pulling her back onto his cock, driving it balls deep into her. The other hand
reached between her legs, cupping her sex, fingertips drumming against he
bottle. This sent such wonderful tremors through her.

As he brutally took her, thrusting harshly into her ass, he let his thumb brush
against her proud clit, gently rubbing it. She gasped out in pleasure as she
suddenly came, the whole scene was too intense for her, and her whole body
trembled with the exertion of her orgasm. She was barely aware of the machine
turning itself off, and the milking cups falling from her breasts.

She collapsed onto her hands and knees, her head bent. She was too exhausted to
stand, and was dimly aware that he'd slipped out of her ass as she fell forward.

Her head was jerked up, so that she had to look at him, he held it in place by
his fingers wrapped through her hair. His other hand was stroking his cock, it
looked so big, just inches from her face.

With a grunt, he came, long thick stings of his cum splashed over her face,
hitting her in the eyes, making her close them, she could feel it in her hair,
and dripping down her face. Wordlessly he used her hair to wipe the last traces
of cum from his cock.

The trip back was spent in silence; he never said another word to her that day,
apart from stopping her from cleaning her face. She didn't know whether he was
pleased or annoyed with her. Did her collapse spoil what he'd had planned? Or
did he mean to cum over her anyway? He never said, and she found herself unable
to ask him.

The car stopped, and he reached over, opening the door. She gave him a quick
glance, but his face was still unreadable. She got out, and turned to the seat,
ready to try and make amends, but he'd already closed the door, and driven off.

She looked around, and felt herself colouring, he hadn't dropped her by her
door, but at the end of the street. She stood there, drying cum all over her
face and hair. Crying she ran to her door, trying to ignore the neighbours and
kids that were out on the sidewalk.



Comments, criticisms to lofwyrkp1@hotmial.com. Any feedback will be greatly
appreciated. Thank you.




The Descent

Part 6 - Choices

That trip home was a nightmare, although she tried to keep her head held high,
to brazen it out, but the feel of his spunk as it slid down her face made her
feel too ashamed. In the end she ran the last few steps, and hid herself away
indoors.

During the next week, she kept replaying that weekend in her mind. She had the
feeling that he was somehow displeased with her, but he hadn't actually said
anything, had he?

Connie was a complete bitch about it all. She'd tried asking her opinion, but
after she'd got as far as the park, Connie just didn't want to know any more.
She shut her up with a comment about you were asking for it, and boy, did you
get it.

Connie had shown her disgust with her behaviour by with holding her permission,
both to go and cum, and at times to even use the bathroom. It seemed that Connie
like making her squirm and beg, even for the shortest trip.

The crazy thing was, whilst Connie was denying her, her thoughts always crept
back to him, and would he return, would he take her on another trip? This was
usually followed by thoughts of the student/assistant. At some part of the day,
she usually had a thought or two about the girl.

She didn't know why, but the thought of shocking her, watching her as she showed
this not so hidden side of her, made her hornier. She'd even gone so far as to
get her timetable, and had almost got up the nerve to wait for her outside the
lecture halls, but so far she'd resisted the temptation, although she wasn't
sure for how long.

Out of the blue, he turned up at her office, just before she normally took her
lunch break, he was, as usually grinning, and her heart sank at the sight of
that grin. She knew it usually meant that he'd something particularly
humiliating in mind for her.

"Lunch?" was his question, as he opened the door, leading her outside. She
mumbled a quick yes, wondering just what he had in mind. She was expecting to be
taken to some local restaurant, but was surprised when he suggested that they
use the campus canteen. With a sinking feeling she showed him the way, nervous
about just what he had in mind, once they got there.

Luckily, the queue was short, and they were served quickly, however he kept
picking her food for her. Looking at her tray she saw it was full of very
suggestive food. There were celery sticks, a couple of hotdogs, and the almost
obligatory banana. Just looking at the food he'd chosen for her she already knew
what he'd expect her to do with it all.

He was kind enough to let her choose the seating, and she chose the furthest she
could, but from experience she knew it filled quickly.

As they sat there, he started without preamble on his meal, hardly looking at
her. She however tried not to feel too nervous as she took the first of the
celery sticks, and working dextrously, she slipped her hand under the table, and
pressed the end of it against her pussy. He noticed, and just raised an eyebrow,
not saying a word.

She quickly slid the stick into herself, lucky she was wet, but, of late, she
was always wet. Today was no exception, in fact it was worse, Connie wasn't in
the office today, and without anyone to ask, she'd been denied all morning.

The feel of the stick was strange; it was hard and ungiving, pressing against
her walls. Once she'd pressed it as deep as her fingers as her fingers could
get, she slowly drew it back out, and placed it on her plate. Not really wanting
to taste just how horny she was, but not willing to let him down, she started to
eat the cum covered celery. The natural crunchiness was flavoured with her
juices, not unpleasant, but strange all the same, although she was well used to
the taste of her own body by now.

All the while he just ate and watched, not making any conversation at all, just
grinning like a fool.

The celery was soon all gone, and with a quick glance around she thought that
she'd got away with it. However the hotdog was still sitting on her plate. She
just took the dog out of the bun, but stopped when she saw him give her a look.
Swallowing hard, she replaced the dog, and took the whole bun in her hand.

Even as she was lowering it below the table edge, she couldn't believe that she
was actually doing this, actually putting food into her pussy! In public! The
hotdog was way larger than the celery though. She shuffled forward so that she
was sitting on the edge of the seat, her pussy over the edge. As she placed the
hotdog against her lips, she could feel the heat of the food. Warm but not too
hot.

As she pressed, she felt the bun squashing, getting crushed by her pussy walls.
It was more difficult than she would have thought, but for the actual dog, the
bun would have probably just mashed against her pussy. She could feel the dog
and bun slowly enter her, opening her slightly. She gasped as her pussy started
to tingle, then to burn. Eyes opening she realised that she was getting the
mustard all over her cunt. The burning feeling increased, even as she tried to
speed up the process.

She found herself panting, trying to block out the burning feeling, as she
finally got the hotdog into her. With a small cry she removed it as soon as she
could. The squashy feeling of the bun and dog was different, not unpleasant
exactly. If nothing else it felt more like a cock than the celery did.

When she put it back on her plate, she could see that the mustard had mainly
been wiped off, and her tingling cunt told her exactly where. What was a
unpleasant surprise was the lack of bun. Bits of it had broken off, and were
presumably still deep in her.

Without much enthusiasm she started to eat, mechanically finishing off the
hotdog. The bun had absorbed a lot of her juices, and the bread, pussy taste
wasn't that great, not as good as the celery did.

She couldn't believe just how turned on she was by the whole experience; somehow
this was such a disgusting thing to be doing. No matter, it just made her
hotter, knowing she was doing it for him.

He'd finished by the time she'd eaten her hotdog, and for the first time,
started to talk to her. Her heart just dropped out of her as he told her, that
he appreciated the show she'd just put on for him, but it wasn't why he'd
visited her. She couldn't believe it, it was what she thought he wanted her to
do, but thinking back he hadn't actually told her to, had he?

Just what was she turning in to? She couldn't believe how far she'd sunk in such
a short period of time. Just a few weeks ago she would have never even thought
of putting food into her pussy, and here she was, doing it at the drop of a hat.

He reached out, placing his hand on hers, stopping her from starting on the
banana, "you can play with that later" he said, I've a task for you, to be
completed for this evening.

What did he just say? A task? What could he want of her now? What would it
entail?

She was so nervous, waiting for his next words, just what did he want from her
now? Instead he produced a roll of papers from his jacket pocket, and handed
them over to her. "Open them" was all he said.

With trembling fingers she unrolled the papers. Her eyes bulged when she finally
took in what was on them. There were drawing of female anatomy, with words,
crude, rude words scrawled over them. He continued as if nothing was the matter.
These are a few ideas I've had for a tattoo for you; she thought she heard, as
if from far away. She was looking at one drawing, showing a woman's midriff;
across the stomach were the words "sloppy cunt" and a downward pointing arrow.
Another was slightly better; across the small of the back was just the word
"slut"

She realised that if either of these two were done on her, parts of them would
be visible with what was left of her wardrobe. She quickly flicked through the
rest; they were just as bad, if not worse.

She looked at him, shaking her head; she couldn't, wouldn't go and get herself
tattooed like that. He shrugged, as if it was no great deal to him, and carried
on as if nothing was happening. "I'll be around later to see just which one was
chosen for you" was his last words.

"Chosen for you?" what did he mean by that? She quickly blurted out the
question, not really wanting to hear the answer. He just gave her a wink, not
really answering at all, before he left.

She could feel her stomach lurch; just glancing at the "ideas" made her feel so
uncomfortable, the idea of being more visibly tattooed scared her.

No matter how bad she felt about that, she knew that she'd comply, after all, he
made her feel such things, such feelings, that she knew she was addicted.

Quickly rolling up the papers, she hurried back to the office, wanting, and not
wanting to show them to Connie. After all she already knew the worst about her,
so asking her to make a decision for her wouldn't be too bad. Especially if she
caught her in a good mood.

Her hopes were dashed by Connie's empty chair. On her desk was a note saying
that she had an emergency, and that she needed to go for the afternoon, though
she'd be back tomorrow. Damn she thought, what am I going to do now? Though the
tingle between her thighs told her that she already knew the answer.

She scrabbled around in her desk drawer, searching for that student's timetable.
With trembling fingers she found it, and looked to see where she was now.
Clearing her desk, she started off at a brisk pace, thinking of getting it all
over and done with, but as she neared the hall, she found her pace slowing. The
idea of asking that particular girl for advice was making her head swim, even as
she felt her juices slipping down her thighs.

She waited outside the lecture hall, nervously tapping her foot, waiting for her
to appear. All to soon the doors opened, and the students rushed out, chattering
and fooling around. Just being glad to have escaped from yet another lecture.

She looked, and soon spotted the girl, "Damn?" she thought as she saw she was
talking to another girl. Taking a deep breath, she approached, her nerves aflame
with trepidation as at what she was about to do.

"Miss?" Could I have a word with you, she asked, trying to meet her gaze, but in
the end dropping her eyes. She couldn't stand to see the realisation of who had
just called her in her eyes. The girl turned, and looked her up and down, taking
in the too revealing clothes, the flushed face, and the stiff nipples poking
through the material of the blouse.

"Oh it's you" she said, her voice dripping with disgust. Turning back to her
friend, "Katie, this is the slut I was telling you about, you know, at the
store" She felt her cheeks burning with the shame of remembering that episode,
and the fact that now another person knew about it.

"Miss? I need your help" she asked in a small voice, thrusting the drawings into
her hands. With her head still hung shamefully low, she mumbled on about how she
needed someone to pick out a design for her.

"You what! You want me to choose a tattoo for a slut like you?" Yes was the only
reply she could muster.

As the two girls poured over the designs, she couldn't but overhear them talking
about them, and her. "Seen this one Katie? Christ Caroline, what sort of woman
would want something like this on her? Seen this one? This could suit!

After what seemed like hours, but was only probably minutes, the girls had
decided, and showed their chosen design to her. Her heart sank as she took in
the design. Turning to go she was stopped by Caroline's voice. "You get off on
this don't you?"

Surprised, she stopped, and whispered "Yes" At this admission her sank; yet
another had been let onto her secret desire. "Well come here slut!" Katie
scolded her, and she returned to the two students.

They pressed her back to the wall, surrounding her. "Come on then, if you like
it so much, show us!" With those words, she realised that she'd given another
part of herself to strangers, to use and abuse as they saw fit.

Her hands, almost of their own accord, lifted her skirt, to show her neat pussy,
her thighs slick with her arousal. One hand spread her lips wide, so that they
could see better, whilst the other just stoked herself, right in front of them.

Giggling, the girls made all sorts of hurtful comments about her need, her
pussy, even the scent of her juices. All this managed to do was to turn her on
more and more. Caroline surprised her by telling to show what a slut she was by
Cumming for them, here and now.

Although her body was crying out for release, she knew that she couldn't obey,
crying in frustration she haltingly told them about Connie, and how she had to
ask permission before she came, and Connie wasn't available.

The girls just laughed at that, and walked off, sniggering, obviously about her.
Quickly she pushed her skirt down, trying to regain some sort of decency.

She was waiting at home for him to call. She'd gone and been tattooed, as per
the girls choice. She still couldn't believe that she'd actually gone through
with it, her body was becoming someone else's, certainly not hers. The final
ignominy of the day was when she came to pay for the work, it seems that he'd
already made arrangements, and it wasn't money they guy was after.

She could still feel the shame on kneeling on the cold floor, her hands behind
her back, tied there by his belt, as his hands held her by the hair, forcing her
mouth down onto his cock.  It wasn't so much a blowjob as a face fuck. She had
next to no control as he used her mouth for his own pleasure, before filling it
with his cum.

As she looked in her mirror she could still taste his seed in her mouth as her
eyes took in her freshly adorned body.

Just above her pussy were the words "LOOSE CUNT" and if she turned, across her
back was written "ASSFUCK ME"

Comments, criticisms to lofwyrkp1@hotmial.com. Any feedback will be greatly
appreciated. Thank you.




The Descent

Part 7 -  The Hotel

The doorbell interrupted her observation of her newly adorned body. Quickly
shrugging on a housecoat, she opened to door. Her heart leapt as she recognised
him standing there. She moved to let him in, but he just stood there. "Show me!"
was all he said.

Still not quite believing the way he just assumed that she'd obey, she still
found her fingers undoing the tie, and letting the coat open. Shrugging her
shoulders she let it fall to the floor exposing her body to his, and any
passer-by's gaze.

His eyes drank in the sight of her, from her slightly mussed hair, her moist
lips, the way her nipples were standing proud. Down to her hips, eyes widening
slightly he read the words above her parted pussy. Without prompting she turned,
to show him the words written just above her backside.

When she turned to face him again, he had a feral grin. He told her to put her
housecoat back on, and to follow him. He led her to his car, and wordlessly he
drove her away.

After the silence had stretched for a while. He asked her about who had she
chosen to make the choice for her.

She started out haltingly, explaining how she was originally going to choose
Connie, but she wasn't there. He interrupted her, telling her to open the glove
box.

She dreaded that compartment; she never knew just what he'd stashed inside to
torment her with. She let out a little gasp as she saw what he'd hidden away in
there. Inside was what looked like a pair of giant sized nipple clamps. He heard
her little gasp, as she struggled to understand their purpose. They were
obviously there to clamp something tightly, but her mind kept thinking that they
were far too big to use on her nipples or cunt.

As she held them in her hands, she turned to him, dreading his explanation as to
what they were for. He quietly and calmly told her that they were joinery
clamps, used to clamp two pieces of wood together as the glue dried. Though they
weren't going to be used like that. Instead he wanted her to use them on her
breasts, to crush them, just like the smaller clamps did to her nipples.

Even as she shook her head and trembled at the thought, she could feel the
spreading pool of juice between her thighs. Every time her shocked her with his
ideas, her body kept begging for more and more, even if her mind was screaming,
"No I can't do this!"

Opening the coat, she bent forward slightly, so that he breasts swung freely.
Talking a deep breath, she placed the clamp over her breast, so that it attached
to her straight on. Tightening the screw was the hardest thing she'd done yet.
She knew that her breast would scream out in agony as they were horribly
crushed. She wasn't wrong, the feel of the clamp as it bit deep into her tender
flesh made her cry out in pain.

Soon she had the first one on, and even though her breast felt horribly abused,
her clit was throbbing with a heat all of its own. She let go of the clamp and
cried out again as it pulled her breast savagely down. This was worse than
anything she could imagine, the terrible grip combined with the weight of the
clamp to make her feel like her breast was being torn off. And that was only the
first one!

She was crying by the time she'd done the second one, her breasts had been
flattened by the grips; they bulged obscenely around where the clamps bit into
her, and the weight! Continuously pulling her forward.

He ignored her tears, telling her to continue with the tale. Haltingly, between
sobs, she told how she tracked down that shop assistant, who unfortunately was
with a friend. How she'd had to expose herself to them, before they'd choose for
her.

She couldn't believe it when he told her to send him Caroline details. It seemed
that he wanted to get to know her for some reason. She felt a stab of jealousy
as she gave what details she could remember. Was he bored of her? Why did he
want to know her? Would her introduce her to this game? And if so, in what role?

Even though she didn't want to share him with anyone, her biggest fear was that
she'd be given to Caroline to play with. There was something in her look that
frightened her.

All through this retelling, she could feel her arousal growing, the shame of
telling about the girls, the way her breasts were just being tortured, not
played with, tortured turned her on like crazy. All day she'd been without
relief, damn that Connie!

After what seemed like ages, the car finally stopped, not outside her place,
which she'd been secretly hoping for, but instead outside a hotel. As yet, she
still didn't know where he lived, how he lived.

Luckily for her, this wasn't too upmarket; there was no doorman to see her
kneeling by the side of the car, cleaning the seat. In fact, though she rarely
admitted it to herself, the ritual of cleaning up the leather seat calmed her,
made her ready for what ever came next. Though this time it was worse than
normal, those damn big clamps kept bumping into the seat edge, making her gasp
with pain each time they connected.

He waited patiently as she cleaned up after, before leading her in. He whisked
her past the desk, for which she was grateful; after all, she was hardly dressed
as a suitable guest.

As she walked she could feel the slickness between her legs, her throbbing clit,
and those painful clamps. All this was slowly driving her mad with lust, and she
knew that once in the hotel room, he'd pleasure her like she needed. The thought
hit her that he might make her perform on the balcony, or some such thing, but
the thrill of being observed just added spice to it all. After all he'd be using
her, giving her the relief that she now so desperately needed.

Her heart fell as he showed her into the room. It was bare! Well almost bare,
just in front of the huge glass wall that opened onto the was something hidden
by a draped cloth, though it was hard to make out. He hadn't put on the lights;
instead the room was being lit by the streetlights outside.

By the door was a bag, which he adroitly opened, taking several toys out of the
bag. Turn round was his command, and she did so, trying to work out both what
was under the sheet, and how he was going to take her. She felt his hands take
hers and the cold feel of the cuffs as they locked her hands behind her back.

He turned her round, and hefted each breast in turn, making her gasp with that
strange mixture of pleasure/pain that she now craved. In his hands he held a
threaded needle. Recognising it, she tried to voice her objections, but as usual
he ignored them.

The feel of the waxed thread as it slipped though her nipple piercings was
almost too intense; it was rubbing her inside her nipple, driving her crazy. Her
nipples were so hard and erect; they felt like they were clamped too, even
though they were, so far unadorned.

Once he'd threaded each nipple, he grinned at her, causing her to take a deep
breath, before tying them to the clamps. She shrieked in pain, as her sore
nipples were pulled proud from her breast towards the clamp. The initial hint of
relief as they touched the cool metal was replaced by anguish as he pulled them
tight to it, crushing them against the clamp. Her breasts were on fire; all of
her skin was stretched tightly, her breasts were being forced into the most
unnatural shape.

Once the initial shock wore off, her need for relief hit her hard. The more he
did, the more she craved release. Her legs were trembling; her thighs were
coated with her juices as it slid down her legs.

Once the second nipple had been tied off, he walked her over to the dark shape.

With a flourish, he whipped of the covering to reveal an obscenely sized dildo
sticking out of the floor. It was raised on a pole so that the tip of it was
just at height of her pussy. On either side were two dark mats connected to the
pole by thin wires.

He walked round both the dildo pole and her, explaining just what it was. It
was, in fact, a vertically mounted vibrator. She would have to straddle the
pole, fitting the huge dildo into her pussy. Once she was impaled on it, if she
placed her feet on both of the mats; that would complete the circuit making it
work.

He demonstrated this by sanding on the mats. It was strange to see just how far
apart he had to stretch his legs. She realised that by stretching so wide
herself, she would be forcing it deep into her pussy. The dildo slowly drove
itself up, before lowing again. The pace seemed awfully slow to her eyes, though
she thought it might feel somewhat different when she was placed on top of it.

She was still studying the contraption when she was startled by the sound of his
voice; she turned to see him by the door, key in hand. "I'll be back later, you
go on and enjoy yourself" and with that, he closed the door, locking it.

With that snick, she realised that she was trapped. She cast her eyes around the
room. Apart from the dildo, the room was completely bare.

"Well I won't" she thought, he didn't order me to sit on that thing after all,
though maybe he did. Just what did he mean by enjoy yourself?

Try as she might, the pain in her breast kept her aware of just how turned on
she was, and since there was nothing else to look at, she found herself studying
the machine. It did look big, though not as big as that stallion, for which she
was truly grateful. To her surprise the actual dildo wasn't made of rubber or
some such, instead it was a shiny black leather one.

She kept walking away only to return, drawn as if by magic back to it. With her
hands behind her back, there was no way she could please herself, damn him! All
that was left was that doubly damned contraption.

After who knows how long the need for some relief drove her back to it. Taking a
deep breath, she opened her legs to expose her already parted pussy to the tip.
As she pressed down, feeling the large head part her walls, she was shocked to
see the room lights come on! Quickly she leapt off the dildo, and as she did,
the lights went off.

Damn him, there must be a pressure switch somewhere she thought, trying to
understand what had happened. Experimentally she pressed down on it, and again
the lights came on.

With horror, the thought hit her. If she wanted to cum, the lights would be on,
and at night, that would light up the room making her clearly visible to anyone
who looked at her room. She rushed to the window, taking in the view for the
first time. She knew before she looked that she wouldn't see low rise house,
instead she saw apartment blocks, too many of them with their lights on. She
could even see a few people out on their balconies, taking in the night air.

She retreated back into the room, determined to not use that infernal machine.
But her body was crying out for some sort of stimulation, some release. As she
approached the machine again, she knew that although she may not get on it this
time, before the night was out, she would.

She lasted as long as she could, but in the end, and both he and she knew, the
lure of being used so publicly grew too strong for her to ignore. She was
crying, the tears slowly forming in the corners of her eyes as she accepted that
she craved the humiliation of exposing herself.

The knowledge that strangers would be watching, pointing, talking about her, as
she used herself on the machine, was too terrible. Part of her wanted to run,
hide, to deny her need, but it was the weaker part of her. The stronger part
needed this, craved her being seen at her lowest.

With a sigh she sat on the dildo, revelling in its feel as it slipped into her
hot pussy. As she spread her legs, she lowered herself further onto it. Finally
she reached both mats, and silently it started to thrust inside her.

Her must have known just how randy she would be, it was just too slow. It was
driving all thoughts from her mind. It was taking its time, slowly teasing her,
never speeding up, never slowing down. She cursed him, as she realised that
she'd need to ride this for hours to get off. All it was doing at the moment was
heightening her pleasure.

The pain in her tits combined with that of her nipples with that of her too
slowly fucked pussy. Forever in the view of the neighbours, she was impaled by
her own desires on the machine.

Almost ignorant of the passing time, she was startled by the intensity of her
orgasm. She could feel it building and building, slowly creeping up on her.

With a pitiful cry, she finally came, her juices flooding out of her sopping,
abused cunt. As she struggled to stop herself from collapsing even further onto
the dildo, her juices ran down the shaft, shorting it out and plunging her into
blessed darkness.



Comments, criticisms to lofwyrkp1@hotmial.com. Any feedback will be greatly
appreciated. Thank you.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lofwyrkp


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





