BDSM Library - A Game of Dress-up




A Game of Dress-up
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Vanessa's private pleasure of dressing like whore gets her in trouble when a neighbor misinterprets 







Vanessa was dressing, slowly and carefully, watching herself in the
mirror as she did so

 
  Gregg Robinson
  Normal
   jim
  2
  117
  2005-05-26T20:11:00Z
  2006-05-10T14:28:00Z
  2006-05-10T14:28:00Z
  1
  4954
  28244
  235
  66
  33132
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








A Game of Dress-Up

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

It was Monday night and Vanessa was dressing up. It was, in
fact, a holiday and she'd been home from school all day, free to laze
about.� The house was empty, her mom and
brother were at the movies, and she was all alone, free to take her time. She
stood in her bedroom in front of the full length mirror, watching herself and
posing as she slowly and deliberately got dressed in her very sluttiest
clothes, a kind of reverse striptease, for her eyes only. 

&nbsp;

She stepped into the tiny black thong
panties�sheer Lurex, shot with metallic silver threads�pulled� them up over her knees and smoothed them out.
She hooked her thumbs into the waist band and drew them slowly up her long,
smooth thighs, purposely avoiding her reflection in the mirror until they were
all the way up, then she let the panties snap gently into place over her naked
sex and raised her eyes to see herself in the mirror. She smiled.

&nbsp;

She turned around and looked back at
herself over her shoulder so she could see the black thong running like an
exclamation point between the proud hemispheres of her ass, and then turned
back, admiring the way the scrap of shiny Lurex barely concealed the trimmed
patch of pubic hair, giving the panties a suggestive, sexy bulge. Moving closer
to the mirror, she cocked her hips forward so she could just see her shadowy
folds through the sheer fabric. She looked terribly sexy to herself, and she
ran her fingertip over her crease, enjoying the sight of her red fingernail
against the black panties as much as she did the shivery sensation of touching
herself.

&nbsp;

She was such a whore.

She wasn't going anywhere and she didn't have a date. Her mother and brother
had gone out to see a movie, and Vanessa was happy to be alone with herself for
a change. She studied hard during the week and when she wasn't studying she was
working keeping Mr. Taylor�s books, so these few hours alone were precious: a
time for a long, leisurely game of dress-up, followed by a prolonged,
fantasy-fueled masturbation. It was something she rarely had time to indulge in
anymore. She had no social life anymore, no time for boys. She had sacrificed
everything for the sake of her scholarship, so this make-believe sex was the
only kind she had time for.

&nbsp;

It wasn't bad. It wasn't the real thing,
but then it didn't have the complications of real relationships either, and
this way she was free to indulge all her fantasies and desires without worrying
what anyone thought. She was a perfect date.

She'd already showered and put on her makeup,�
more extreme than she would ever have worn in public. Her eye shadow and
black eyeliner enhanced her clear brown eyes, and her lipstick was so shiny it
was almost obscene, as if a lover's semen still glistened on her lips. Her
earrings were outrageous: long, shimmery strands of rhinestone that flashed
with the least movement of her head and gleamed wickedly against her dark
auburn hair. She'd perfumed herself too, and even rouged her nipples to make
them stand out. She felt deliciously wicked and wanton, a true whore, and it
excited her terrifically. This was her favorite game.

She turned her back to the mirror and slipped on a black mesh and pleather
corset, zipping it on backwards and then spinning it around so the zipper was
where it belonged. She carefully lifted her breasts into the open demi-cups,
then took a deep breath. She pulled the front laces hard, cinching her waist in
so that the corset hugged her tight�tight as a lover's embrace, accentuating
the curve of her hips and forcing her breasts up and out; so tight that even
her rouged nipples looked redder, as if the blood from her body were being
forced into her tits.

&nbsp;

Now she allowed herself a peek in the
mirror. The tightness of the corset even seemed to make her labia look
engorged. They bulged behind the little black thong, and Vanessa didn't have to
touch them to know she was already wet.

&nbsp;

She was gett8ing very excited now, so
she sat on the bed and put on her fishnet hose, drawing them slowly up over her
legs, watching herself in the mirror as she extended her foot, pointed her toe
and teased the stocking up her thigh. She pulled the stay-up elastic high on
the her legs and smoothed it into place. She loved the way it gripped her.

&nbsp;

The rule of the game was that she wasn't
allowed to touch herself until she was completely dressed and had a fantasy
scenario clear in her mind, but a little tease didn't really count, and she
took a moment to lie on her side and spread her knees, admiring the contrast of
the stockings against the pale flesh of her thighs. She ran her nails down the
corset, over the smooth skin of her belly, and finally along the moist fabric
of her thong, imagining a lover's tongue following the same path.

The panties she had worn for only minutes were already soaked. Although she
would never let anyone else see her without her modesty fully intact, in her
dreams she liked to wear the most provocative and blatantly sexual clothes she
could find. In her fantasies she was irresistibly sexy; men admired her with or
without her consent; she drove them wild, and yet she was always totally
innocent. She couldn't imagine why men threw themselves at her feet.

The final bit of dressing always had to be done without peeking in the mirror,
so as to get the final effect all at once. She put on her wickedly high heels,
sexy strappy things that made her legs look even longer than they were, and
then the dress.

The dress was the final touch, a buttery soft black vinyl number that snapped
all the way up the front. She had bought it a size too small and had grown
since then, so that it now fit her like a second skin, pushing her breasts in
and compressing them into an erupting cleavage and showing every stitch of the
lingerie underneath. The dress hugged her so tightly that even the cleavage in
her ass showed clearly. It encased her in wicked, shiny black.

She finished snapping it up, took a moment to compose herself and shake her
hair free, closed her eyes and turned around to face the mirror. Then she
opened her eyes.

Oh yes. Perfect! What a whore; what a delicious slut she was! She looked like
she was about to burst from the dress; her nipples were hard and clearly
visible through the vinyl. The corset accentuated the generous thrust of her
hips and made her look even more leggy, and she posed for herself, cocking her
hip provocatively, raising an eyebrow, blowing a kiss with her red lips. God
she looked cheap. Cheap and hot. Who wouldn't want to fuck her?

&nbsp;

She could just picture herself walking
into some bar or nightclub: all the men�s and even the women�s heads turning to
look at her. She could imagine the men�s cocks getting hard in their pants as
she walked in: all that male meat standing at attention, all those balls
filling with come eager to be launched in her direction.

The next step in the usual game was to pose and admire herself until some very
erotic scenario came to mind, then act it out is as best she could, touching
herself, using her toys, and then end it with a savage and glorious
full-throttle masturbation. But she felt so wonderfully sexy now she didn't
want to rush through it. She liked the way her ass swayed as she walked in
front of the mirror in the heels. She loved the way the dress held her. She
cocked her head and watched the earring sparkle as they kissed her neck. She
was excited when she felt how wet she was.

In her mind, the scenario was fairly simple this time: this was her place and
she had a man over; just some friend, some good-looking man she worked with.
He'd never seen her like this and would be unable to keep his hands off her.
He'd seduce her and be amazed at the way the studious college girl had been
transformed into a voracious slut, and she'd protest that she always dressed
like this at home.

She had a sudden urge to have a drink. She didn't really like to drink, but she
wanted the drink as a prop: sophisticated, dissolute. Maybe she'd have a
cigarette too. She didn't smoke, but she had an old pack of Parliaments she'd
bought months ago. She dug them out now from among her collection of clothes
and put one between her lips. Perfect. She felt like a total whore.

&nbsp;

She walked down the stairs to the
kitchen, swaying slightly on the absurdly high heels,� and after digging around in some cabinets,
found an old bottle of whiskey. She put some ice cubes into a glass and poured
the whiskey in. She found a book of matches in her mom's junk drawer and lit
her cigarette. She took a deep drag into her mouth and blew it out, then
lounged against the sink and sipped the drink.

It was awful. Just terrible, but she forced herself to take a little more. She
liked the way it made her mouth feel, the way it stung her throat with just a
hint of suppressed evil. Yes, this was what a real whore would feel.

&nbsp;

She took another drag and turned to see
her reflection in the dark window glass.�
Her very red lips parted sensuously as she let the smoke trail from her
nostrils, then she puckered her lips and blew, just the way she'd blow smoke in
some stud's face as a way of telling him to get lost. The gesture was so wicked
she felt her nipples harden and she thrust her shoulders back to make her
breasts stand out even more. Sh3e felt positively lethal.

&nbsp;

She raised the cigarette to her lips and
inhaled this time, concentrating on not coughing, then turned around and blew a
stream of smoke at the light fixture. The nicotine rush made her slightly
dizzy, and she leaned her ass against the sink and took another drink.

She was startled by a quick, casual knock on the front door, and before she
could even think to react, the door opened and Rob Taylor�Vanessa�s boss and
mother�s friend�walked into the room carrying the weekend�s accounts as he did
every Monday.

Vanessa stared at him in shock. She had totally forgotten this was Monday, and
that Mr. Taylor brought over his receipts every Monday night for Vanessa to
enter in his books. That was her job and what he paid her for. And now here she
was dressed like an absolute whore, smoking and drinking in her mother�s
kitchen.

&nbsp;

�He stared at her and she stared back,
horrified.

He looked at her. He looked at the bottle of whiskey. He looked at the
cigarette. &quot;Vanessa? God, what�s going on here?&quot;

&quot;Oh my gosh! Mr. Taylor! I�m so sorry. I forgot you were coming!&quot;

He stepped into the room, the look in his eyes changing gradually from shock to
lusty appreciation as he took her all in, the shoes, the stockings, the
obscenely tight dress, the makeup. Vanessa looked frantically around the
familiar kitchen, as if she could find a good place to hide.

&quot;What is this, Vanessa?&quot; he asked her. &quot;You going out?
Getting all dressed up to go out, huh? Your mother know what you were planning
tonight? You look like a regular little tramp, honey, you know that?&quot;

&quot;No, I was just trying on some clothes� I�&quot;

He stepped closer and picked up the bottle of whiskey. &quot;Drinking too, huh?
Does your mother know you smoke!&quot;

&quot;No, really, I was just fooling around,&quot; she said hurriedly,
&quot;Here, let me take the books�&quot;

&quot;No, no, that's okay.&quot; He pulled them back as Vanessa reached for
them, almost stumbling in her heels. &quot;I�ll put them on the desk in the
other room&quot;

He walked past her and into the den. Vanessa quickly threw the whiskey down the
sink and ran water over the incriminating cigarette, then threw it in the
trash. She stood nervously by the sink as he came back in and stood in the
doorway. She couldn�t think of anything else to do.

&nbsp;

Rob Taylor was an family friend who�d
been wonderfully helpful after Vanessa�s father had died. He�d taken Vanessa
under his wing and let her keep the books fro the salon he owned downtown,
which allowed her to work whatever hours her school schedule allowed. Her
mother had often said what a godsend he�d been. He�d always been kind to
Vanessa, but rather aloof. He wasn�t aloof now.

&quot;So look at you,&quot; he said, leaning against the door jam. He smiled
slowly. &quot;Just look at you.&quot;

She didn't know what else to say so she tried to smile, waiting for him to
leave. She was mortified, and she really didn�t want to try and explain herself
any further, which would only make things worse. She just wanted him to walk
out the door so she could run to her room, get out of those clothes, and shove
everything back under her bed and pull the covers up over her head.

But he seemed to like what he was seeing. He stepped forward and took her
wrist, holding her at arms� length while he continued to admire her. &quot;I
didn't even know you had a boyfriend.&quot; he said, looking her up and down,
&quot;Who's the lucky guy?&quot;

&quot;No, really, Mr. Taylor.&quot; she said. &quot;There isn�t any
boyfriend.&quot;

&quot;So you're just going out alone like that? You look hotter than hell
dressed like that. I never would have guessed it Vanessa, a good little girl
like you.� For a moment he looked slightly disapproving, as though his parental
instinct had kicked in and he thought she should be sent to her room. That look
quickly gave way to his previous lecherous stare, and it was clear he didn�t
want to send her away. �You look like a regular little tramp, you know that?
Some hot little piece of tail.&quot;

&quot;Oh God, no, I would never let anyone see me like this. No�&quot; she said
again, and she twisted her body around in an attempt to get her arm away from
him. The snaps on the dress were down far enough to give him a generous shot of
her cleavage which was only enhanced by her twisting and straining, and she
could see her own flesh tremble as she fought for her arm.

&quot;But you dress the part,&quot; he said, &quot;Does that mean you can play
it too? Are you really that hot, Vanessa? Can you back up what the clothes
say?&quot;

&quot;Please�&quot;

&quot;Please what, you little tramp? Please what?&quot;

His voice had gotten deeper now, and Vanessa knew something was going to happen
that was beyond her control. He grabbed her other wrist and pushed her back,
knocking her against the refrigerator, scattering papers and little alphabet
magnets to the floor He pressed her hands up and back, holding them over her
head and leaning his body against hers. He was strong and the hardness of his
body against her was unaccountably exciting.

&quot;Mr. Taylor, don't do this.&quot; she begged. She tried to remain in
control of herself, to calm her breathing and slow her heart, but the body
against her was not willing to let her relax.

&quot;Don't do what? You think I'm going to let you go out and walk the streets
looking like that? You little tramp, your mama will thank me for keeping you
in! Do you have any idea how much trouble you could get in? You little whore!
How long has this been going on?&quot;

&quot;Really, I was just dressing up. Just trying on clothes�&quot;

&quot;Oh sure.&quot; he said. &quot;With that makeup and those stockings and
heels. And who tries on a vinyl dress like that? Where do you wear that? To
class? Don't bullshit me, Vanessa. There�s only one reason a girl gets dressed
up like that, and that�s to go whoring. You're going out looking for it, aren't
you? You wait till your mom's away and that you get all dressed up and go out
and find yourself some nice hard cock, don't you, sweetie? Well you know what?�
he sneered, �There�s no need to go out looking for it.&quot;

Vanessa tried one last time to escape, but Mr. Taylor was just too strong. He
took both of her wrists in one hand and pressed her against the fridge with his
body. He used his other hand to slowly draw a finger down her body from her
throat to where the last snap strained to keep her dress in place. Then he
reached up under the dress and his fingers touched her naked thighs.

&nbsp;

�You�ve grown up,� Mr. Taylor said. �I
never even noticed. Can you imagine that? You�re a beautiful girl, Vanessa. You
should be glad I found you before some other creep got a hold of you.�

&quot;Oh God!&quot; she said in horror, but to Mr. Taylor it sounded like the
first sign of arousal, and he pressed himself tighter against her. She closed
her eyes and willed the earth to swallow her and her shame, but her visitor was
still there when she opened them again.

Vanessa was trembling with fear and humiliation, still on a high level of
excitement from her game of dress up, and his body felt wonderful against hers,
despite her horror. It was just what she wanted to feel, his hardness against
her, his strength holding her. She was torn, part of her dying to see her
fantasies realized, and part of her ashamed that she would ever let a man take
advantage of her like this.

&quot;Come on, Vanessa!&quot; he whispered to her face, &quot;Let's see if
you're as hot as you think you are. Let's see just what you've got.&quot;

His fingers touched her pussy through her panties and she gasped. Her knees
went weak. &quot;Mr. Taylor, please! It was just a game!&quot;

&quot;Jesus Christ!&quot; he swore softly, his forehead almost touching hers.
&quot;You're soaking wet! I can feel you through your panties! What the hell
have you been doing to yourself?&quot;

&quot;No, no!&quot; she said, but now it was more like a whine. All the force
was gone from her voice, all the resistance was fading from her body. She
turned her head to the side so he wouldn't see the shame and desire in her
face, but his fingers slid through the leg band of her pantries and touched her
naked sex, and a thrill coursed through her like an electric shock,� washing all her embarrassment away. Her body
didn't want him to stop, and her hips thrust themselves against his hand with a
mind of their own as she pressed her cunt against his seeking fingers.

&quot;You are one hot little piece, Vanessa. All wet and ready to go!&quot;

His lips were right next to her now, and when he kissed her she couldn't
escape; she just whimpered into his mouth. He broke away and looked down at her
breasts, pushed up and out by the position of her arms above her head, and she
saw the hungry gleam in his eye. The thought that her body turned him on so
much gave her a strange, fierce thrill, and when his lips came down on hers
again, she surrendered to his demanding kiss and opened her mouth to let him
in. 

It had always been a fantasy of hers to be taken by a man who knew just what he
wanted, who would look at her with the hot flame of desire in his eyes and who
would not be denied. Now it was happening to her, and it was every bit as
exciting as it was in her fantasies. Mr. Taylor was much older than she and far
more experienced, and he knew just how to touch her to make her yearn for him.
The fact that he was her mother�s age was supposed to make it wrong, was
supposed to turn her off, but Vanessa couldn�t seem to make her body care.

He slid his hand down the front of her panties, cupping her mound in his hand,
curved his fingers beneath her, and entered her pussy. She stuck her tongue
into his mouth, and spread her thighs to give him better access, an action that
shocked her so much she moaned into his mouth at her own behavior. He still
held her hands over her head, and his chest flattened her breasts and rubbed
against her nipples as they kissed, but it was his hand between her legs that
wouldn�t leave her alone. It just felt so incredibly good and evil at the same
time that her hips began to lift towards him in a lewd imitation of coitus.

&quot;Jesus Christ, you little bitch!&quot; he said as he broke the kiss.
Vanessa�s body humped shamelessly against him, out of control now. &quot;You
really need to get fucked, don't you? You're lucky I came along when I did,
before some stupid kid got his hands on you, Vanessa. You're too fucking good
for that. You need to get fucked by a man who knows what he's doing, who can
fill that little pussy with some good, hard cock and show you what it's all
about.&quot;

&nbsp;

�No, Mr. Taylor! Please! Don�t talk that
that! I can�t�

&nbsp;

�Can�t what, bitch? Can�t take some hard
cock in your pussy? You�re going to get fucked, Vanessa. We can do it sweet and
easy or we can do it rough, but you�re going down tonight.�

He kissed her again, overcome with lust, and his fingers began to pump in and out
of her cunt, driving her wild. She already felt like a whore, and now he was
confirming it for her, treating her just the way she wanted to be treated,
finger fucking her against her mother's refrigerator in her own kitchen. Of
course, she couldn�t admit that this was what she wanted. She would never admit
that she was that kind of girl, but her body didn�t lie. Her pussy was a molten
puddle of need. Her breasts felt like they�d explode if she didn�t get his
rough mouth on them.

&quot;Please!&quot; she said as he licked and bit her tits, &quot;I'm not like
that! I'm not like you think! It was just a game I play.&quot;

But he wasn't listening to her anymore. Her body was doing things that gave the
lie to everything she said, and she didn�t even believe what she was saying anymore.
She was lost.

&quot;Come on,&quot; he said, letting her go and grabbing her wrist. &quot;Show
me where your bedroom is.&quot;

She couldn't think straight and she didn't know how to tell him no. Her heart
was pounding and her body throbbing with need. She led him dizzily up the
stairs, her heels clicking on the hardwood floor,� and into her bedroom, forgetting that her sex
toys were spread out on the bed, there among her stuffed animals.

He looked at the ropes and vibrators, her handcuffs and slave collar�all the things
she�d purchased so discreetly through mail-order on the internet�and gave her
an evil and knowing smile. &quot;Looks like you were going to make a fucking
night of it, huh Vanessa? You like it kinky too, huh? A little bondage? A girl
after my own heart&quot;

She stood there dazed, breathless, running her hand through her hair, looking
at the toys on the bed. There was no question of what he'd think of her now:
she'd never convince him that she was anything but a slut. But for now she
didn't care about that. She just wanted to feel his body against hers again,
wanted to feel him take her before she came to her senses.

&quot;We can use this.&quot; he said, picking up a length of rope. &quot;Turn
around.&quot;

She turned around, automatically putting her hands behind her back, and Mr.
Taylor quickly bound her wrists together, then spun her back and caught her in
a deep and passionate kiss, driving rational thought from her mind. The
helpless feeling of her hands pinioned behind her back flooded her with wild
desire to be taken, and she moaned shamelessly as his tongue explored her
mouth. His hands came up and he grabbed her breasts right through the dress,
squeezing and kneading them, rubbing his thumbs over her aching nipples.
Everything he did thrilled her. This was just what she'd wanted, just what
she'd dreamed of, and now the dream was real.

&quot;You're gonna dress like a whore, then you're gonna show me what a good
little whore you can be!&quot; he said to her as he mauled her breasts and
pinched her nipples through the vinyl. &quot;You're gonna fuck me with that
whore pussy of yours, Vanessa. You're gonna show me what a good fuck you are,
or I�m going to have a little discussion with your mother about how you spend
your free time, understand?&quot;

He stepped back from her, took the lapels of her dress in his hand and pulled
them apart, popping the snaps one by one all the way down, exposing her body in
the mesh corset to his gaze. Vanessa stood there watching his eyes as he took
in her nearly naked body, and what she saw there made her groan out loud�the
naked lust, the heated desire and raw excitement. It thrilled her to think that
she could inspire such passion in a man. He didn't see an overworked and lonely
college student when he looked at her; he saw a hot, desirable woman, and the
mere sight of her made his dick hard.

&quot;You sweet little bitch!&quot; he said. &quot;What a fucking body! Baby, I
could fuck you all night long and not get tired.&quot; He grabbed her breasts
and began to suck them hungrily, going from one to the other, swirling his
tongue around her nipples and biting them softly, making Vanessa's head swim.

&nbsp;

She knew she should fight, she should
resist him, but her hands were tied behind her back. What chance did she have.
Taylor sucked and bit her breasts and Vanessa pulled at her bonds, loving the
fact that they held her, loving her helplessness. There was nothing she could
do now. It was out of her hands. It was all him now�whatever he wanted to do.

He took her arm and pushed her down onto her bed so that she was flat on her
back. Her mind cleared suddenly and she realized what was going to happen: that
he was really going to fuck her, put his cock in her pussy and fuck her on her
own bed.

She made one last attempt to regain control of herself. &quot;No,&quot; she
said, &quot;Please! Mr. Taylor, don't do this!&quot;

He was stepping out of his pants and pulling his shorts down, and she saw his
cock, big and hard for her, eager for her body. She should have been horrified
but the sight excited her tremendously. She wanted that monster inside of her,
inside her pussy. She wanted to feel this older man slamming his body into
hers, making her take his big prick, fucking her like a woman.

He stopped over to the bed and took his cock in one hand and the back of her
head in the other. &quot;Come on, baby!&quot; he said, &quot;Suck me! You know
how to do it! Suck my cock, bitch!&quot;

She wanted to tell him that she didn't know how. She'd done it to some boys her
own age, but he was a full grown man and she had no real skill, no real
experience. But it all happened so fast. Her mouth just opened and he pushed
his cock inside. She closed her eyes and tasted him, salty and pungent on her
tongue, his prick pulsing with a savage life and urgency. 

She was so ashamed. She wanted to tell him that she wasn't a whore, she wasn't
what he thought, but every time she tried to draw off his cock to speak he
pushed it back into her mouth. And for all her inexperience, whatever she was
doing was making him groan with lewd pleasure and pump his prick in and out of
her mouth with growing speed.

&nbsp;

He pulled her panties off her and threw
them aside, and as she sucked his cock he jammed a finger back inside her. She
couldn't help it; she spread her legs and he began to fuck her with his finger.
She could hear the sloppy sound of his fingers in her wet pussy and it felt so
good, but there was more to it than that. It was just so terribly dirty, so
obscene to be finger fucked while she sucked his cock. Her head filled with all
sorts of filthy images, with her in the middle of them.

Then he pulled his cock out of her mouth. She swallowed and tried to catch her
breath. &quot;Mr. Taylor, please!&quot; she whined. &quot;I'm not like this.
Don't!&quot;

She felt the bed sag as he climbed between her legs and got on his knees, and
she looked up to see him aiming his big prick at her twitching cunt. As soon as
she felt him make contact with the outside of her labia, she gasped.

&quot;Yeah?&quot; he challenged her, &quot;You don't want this? You don't want
my cock in you? Then tell me to stop, Vanessa. Tell me you don't want my big
cock inside you reaming you out, you slut! Tell me no!&quot;

She knew she had to stop him, that she had to tell him to get dressed and leave
her alone, but she just couldn't. She couldn't say anything at all. His cock
felt so good pushing against her and spreading her pussy, almost inside her.
She could feel it throbbing, ready to plunge deep inside. She felt deliciously
helpless, at his mercy, just like in her fantasies. She couldn't fight it�she
wanted him; wanted him badly.

He laughed with contempt at her inability to answer, then he pushed into her,
stretching her open and filling her with his incredible hot, virile hardness,
and she groaned at her body�s reluctant surrender. Taylor snarled like an
animal as his cock bottomed out in her tight sheath. He levered himself up on
his hands and looked down to where her tight pussy was stretched around his
invading member, and without giving her a moment to adjust he began to fuck
her, hard and deep, already almost out of control.

&quot;You hot cunt! You little slut! Is this good enough for you? You like this
big prick?&quot;

She couldn't speak, it just felt so good, so right, and his savagery was just
what she wanted. She was tried of fighting. She wrapped her legs around him and
pulled him tight. Her trapped fingers clawed at the bedspread beneath her as
she pushed her tits up for him to plunder and abuse, and all the while her hips
were fucking with him, up and down on his stiff pole, sending pangs of raw
pleasure through her feverish body.

It had been so long since she'd had a cock inside her, and never like this,
never as she'd dreamed it would be someday: tied and taken by a man who
wouldn't let her escape, wouldn't listen to her excuses. He was driven by his
lust for her, and what could she do but let him fuck her like this, let him use
her body for his own pleasure?

&quot;That's my little whore!&quot; he hissed at her as she raised her pussy to
him again and again. &quot;Now you're fucking like you mean it! You are a slut,
aren't you Vanessa? You love it, don't you?&quot;

&quot;Oh God, yes!&quot; she spit the words out from between clenched teeth.
&quot;Yes, I'm a slut! I'm a whore, I�m whatever you want! Just fuck me! Fuck
me!&quot;

Her words inflamed him and he pounded into her with renewed fury. This was her
bed, her childhood bed. Her collection of stuffed animals was crushed between
her and the wall as she writhed against him, her hands pinned beneath her. It
just added to her excitement, as if they were forced to witness her own
humiliation, the corruption of their childhood playmate.

He groaned above her. &quot;You sweet bitch! You're gonna make me come! I'm
gonna come in you, baby. You want it? You want it? Tell me you want it, whore!
Tell me!&quot;

She couldn�t control her excitement any more.

&quot;Oh God yes I want it!&quot; she cried out as he bucked on top of her,
making her breasts shake. &quot;I want your hot come! I want all of it!&quot;

Again and again he beat into her, the slick sound of his prick pumping in and
out of her wet pussy loud in her ears, along with the frantic creak of the
bedsprings, the banging of the headboard against the wall.

&quot;Oh Fuck!&quot; he moaned, &quot;Oh Christ! Oh Jesus Christ!&quot;

His body went suddenly stiff, ramming her deep and she screamed as she felt his
fingers claw into her breasts. Her pussy was crammed with cock, and she felt
him throb hard and knew that he was shooting his semen into her, filling her
with his hot load.

Her head spun with the erotic nastiness of it. She cried out, and then she came
too, thrusting her hips up at him in a spasm of release as his seed poured into
her. She arched her back and her bound hands clawed the bedspread as she
trembled beneath him, the blood roaring in her ears.

She never wanted to come down from that orgasmic high, never wanted to open her
eyes again. How could she ever face the shame, the humiliation of letting this
family friend reduce her to a submissive whore, begging for anything he wanted
to give her. Maybe Mr. Taylor knew her shame, or maybe he was ashamed too,
because he didn�t say a word as he slowly withdrew from her aching body.

He climbed off her, still panting, rolled her onto her side and untied her
wrists. Vanessa just lay there, unable to move, her humiliation mixed with a
feeling of deep sexual satisfaction like she'd never known. She had never come
like that before. It had been an orgasm that involved all of her, body and
soul, and she didn't know what to make of it, what to make of herself now. Was
that truly who she was?.

Mr. Taylor was staring at her as he caught his breath. He reached out and ran a
hand appreciatively over her trembling body.

&quot;So it wasn't just a game, was it Vanessa?&quot; he asked her softly.
&quot;It was something you wanted, wasn't it?&quot;

She didn't say anything. She was too ashamed, too confused.

He got up and put on his shorts and pants, picked up his shoes and his shirt.
He paused at the door and said. &quot;This never happened, did it,
Vanessa?&quot;

She shook her head, her eyes still closed so he wouldn't see the tears.

&quot;I�ve got the kids all week, but the bitch picks them up on Friday.&quot;
he said as he put his shirt on. &quot;I'll see you then. You know where I live,
right?&quot;

She nodded.

&nbsp;

�You wouldn�t want your mother to know
about what you keep in your room, would you, Vanessa?�

&nbsp;

She shook her head.

�Good,� he said. �Then we have an understanding.�

&nbsp;

He stood there and watched her for
awhile. He couldn�t help but see the tears as they squeezed out between her
eyelashes. even though she refused to let him see her cry.

&nbsp;

He walked back over to her, bent over
and kissed her on the cheek. &quot;You feel sick and ashamed, don�t you? But
mostly ashamed. You really lost it there, Vanessa. Most women don�t come that
hard, but you were fantastic. It�s not something you find everyday. It�s a real
gift and you should be proud of it. You�re quite a woman.�

&nbsp;

Vanessa finally broke down. The
excitement, the orgasm and shame were just too much for her. �I liked it,� she
sobbed. �I loved it! I�m not a woman. I�m a slut!� 

&nbsp;

Taylor stood up and walked to the door.
�You�re still young, Vanessa. You still think there�s a difference. There
isn�t.� 

�
Vanessa didn�t know what he meant, so she said nothing. 

&nbsp;

He laughed. &quot;Don't worry about it.
You're all that and more, Vanessa. You'll see. You don�t know the half of it
yet. You're that and a whole lot more.&quot;














Vanessa did her best not to think about what had happened with Mr

 
  Gregg Robinson
  Normal
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-05-17T15:25:00Z
  2006-05-17T15:25:00Z
  1
  7211
  41103
  342
  96
  48218
  10.2625
 

 
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Vanessa
did her best not to think about what had happened with Mr. Taylor. It had been
rape, or very close to it, and she figured that the less she thought about it,
the better off she'd be, at least for now. She was sure she'd been mentally
scarred, and she knew from reading magazines and watching television that she
could expect the symptoms to begin to manifest themselves any time now:
inability to sleep, nightmares, changes in her appetite, a horror of sex.

The only problem was, she couldn't put it out of her mind. Her imagination kept
on returning to that night, unable to leave the memories alone: the way he'd
discovered her playing her private game of Slut; the way he'd grabbed her,
stripped her clothes off and fucked her, never understanding that she was only
pretending to be that kind of girl, that it was only a dress-up game she played
for her own excitement. He had thought it was for real, that she was that cheap
and that easy. So he'd treated her like that, tied her hands behind her back,
made her suck his cock as he stuck his finger in her, and then fucked her right
on her own bed, shooting his hot semen into her. 

And yet, every time she thought about it she became extremely aroused, so
excited that several times she had to lock herself in the bathroom to
masturbate just to calm down. She remembered the look in his eyes as they
wandered up and down her body, almost bursting out of her skin-tight latex
dress, her legs caressed in her wicked fish-net stockings. She had never seen a
man look at her that way. Or she recalled the hard, almost painful way he'd
grabbed her breasts and squeezed them, the way he'd shoved his cock into her,
so rough and uncaring, as if her body was his to do with what he wanted.

So she'd think about these things while she squeezed a towel between her legs
and worked her fingers in her pussy. She'd relive that night as she fucked her
own hand, biting her lip to keep from screaming as she came, imagining Mr.
Taylor's big dick spurting its cream inside her and remembering her own
excitement and delicious humiliation.

She finally had to admit to herself that she'd loved it. She'd hated it and
loved it at the same time and the memories wouldn't leave her alone. It was the
most exciting thing that had ever happened to her and she wanted more. In fact,
she wasn�t quite sure what she was going to do with herself now that she had
experienced this touch; how would she ever find someone who could make her that
excited?

Fortunately for Vanessa, she had her never-ending schoolwork to keep her from
focusing exclusively on such thoughts. The great homework gods cared not for
sexual crises.

Nonetheless, she knew she had decisions to make. The last thing he'd said to
her before he left that night was that he would see her this weekend, that he
expected her to be at his house on Friday night. Of course there was no way she
was going to go, that much was certain. She simply couldn't face him after what
had happened, after he had seen the way his behavior excited her. When he
fucked her and plunged his big cock into her, calling her a slut and cunt and
bitch, she'd just lost all control of herself and showed that she was all that
and worse. And when he'd come she did too, screaming out her pleasure and
begging him for more. No, there was definitely no way she could face him after
that.

So when the doorbell rang Thursday night, interrupting their dinner, Mr. Taylor
was the last person Vanessa expected to see. She and her sister, Cheryl, were
having an argument over some childish nonsense, and her mother got up to answer
the door. Vanessa hadn't paid any attention until she heard a man's voice in
the hallway, and then she realized it was him.

&quot;No, no, Elliot, we're just finishing dinner,&quot; her mother said in the
hallways. &quot;Come on in, come in, you can ask her yourself.&quot;

Vanessa's face must have gone white judging by the way Cheryl looked at her,
and when she turned around, there he was, standing in the very kitchen where
he'd discovered her in her vinyl whore's dress almost a week ago. He was wearing
the same jacket and he had the same easy smile and air of command about him.
She thought her heart would stop. She couldn't look at him and turned back to
her plate.

&quot;Girls, you know Mr. Taylor from the office? Elliot, this is Cheryl; I
think you know Vanessa.&quot;

&quot;Hi, Cheryl.&quot; he said, shaking her hand with a smile.
&quot;Vanessa.&quot; he said, and she held out her hand and felt him squeeze
it, his fingers lingering just a bit as he let her hand go. Her face was red
now, and her blood pounded in her ears. From the look in Cheryl's eyes, Vanessa
could tell that she thought Mr. Taylor was hunky, even if he was her mother's
age. But then, Cheryl had always been a flirt.

&quot;Mr. Taylor's got a job for you, Vanessa. I told him you'd be glad to
help.&quot;

He smiled again and said, &quot;Well, it's really not all that big a deal. Mrs.
Taylor and I are going away for the weekend and we just need someone to keep an
eye on the kids. Their aunt was going to watch them but she just had a little
accident and broke her wrist.&quot;

&quot;Oh, that's a shame!&quot; her mom cooed.

&quot;Yeah. It's always something.&quot; he grinned again. &quot;So we need
someone to stay over tomorrow night. We'll be back Saturday; just a little
overnight getaway kind of thing.&quot;

&quot;Oh, that's nice,&quot; her mom said. It was clear that her mom thought
highly of Mr. Taylor.

But that's not what he'd told Vanessa. He'd told her that he'd be alone over
the weekend. She knew there was no getaway weekend involved. She could hardly
believe his nerve.

&quot;Uh, tomorrow I can't,&quot; she said nervously. &quot;I made other
plans.&quot;

Her mom looked at her with exasperation. &quot;What plans? You didn't tell me
about any plans.&quot;

&quot;With some of the kids at school. We're going to�er�get together and
study.&quot; Vanessa was a terrible liar, especially in front of her mother.

&quot;Well you're always complaining about not having any money.&quot; her
mother said now. &quot;You could cancel your plans. After all, you never do
anything but study.&quot;

&quot;Yeah.&quot; Mr. Taylor said. &quot;Because this is such short notice I'll
give you sixty dollars.&quot;

Her mother was impressed. &quot;Sixty dollars! You hear that, Vanessa? That's
not bad.&quot;

&quot;I'll do it!&quot; Cheryl chimed in. Her eagerness made both the grownups
laugh.

&quot;You're not old enough.&quot; her mother said. &quot;And besides, you're
still grounded for those grades.&quot;

Vanessa had been avoiding his eyes, but she couldn�t keep this up without
looking suspicious. She searched desperately for an excuse to get out of it,
but she couldn�t think of anything. Her mother was looking at her. She had to
say something.

&quot;Okay.&quot;

&quot;Good,&quot; her mom said. &quot;What time do you want her?&quot;

&quot;About seven or eight would be fine.&quot;

It seemed settled. Mr. Taylor and her mother talked on about his fictitious
plans�dinner, a getaway night at a hotel�and about his kids, a boy and a girl,
11 and 7, as they walked out to the hallway. Then her mother called her.

&quot;Vanessa? Vanessa, Mr. Taylor wants to know what you like to eat.&quot;

Vanessa was standing by the table, holding her plate in her hand.
&quot;What?&quot;

Her mother pushed her out into the hallway as if she were bundling her off on a
date and whispered urgently to her. &quot;Go talk to him. Stop being so rude to
the poor man. He wants to pay you just for helping him out.&quot; 

Reluctantly, Vanessa walked up to him where he stood by the front door.

&quot;I just wanted to know what you like to eat, for snacks and things,&quot;
he said.

Vanessa shrugged. Something made her look at him though. As if against her
will, she raised her eyes and looked into the face of the man who had stripped
her, shamed her, and fucked her not a week ago, showing her pleasure like she
had never imagined.

He had some hold over her. Her eyes were full of resentment and anger when she
raised them to his face, but he saw right past them, right into her. It was
that look again. That look of naked desire and lust, and all the resistance
melted out of her leaving a hollow thrill in her stomach. Somehow he controlled
her with his eyes and she felt her legs actually grow weak.

&quot;Tomorrow night,&quot; he said softly. Then he called into the kitchen in
a cheery voice. &quot;Good night Cheryl! Jenna, I'll see you at work tomorrow
morning.&quot;

He looked at Vanessa once more, and then he left.

She wouldn't go, she thought. She'd make herself sick, or she'd go spend the
night at a friend's house and lie if she had to. But she knew she couldn't. She
was such a bad liar.

In fact, she was such a bad liar that when her mother offered to drop her off
at the Taylor's on the way to her night class, Vanessa could find no way out of
it. Her mind raced even as she threw some overnight things into a backpack as
her mother waited impatiently.

&quot;Your toothbrush? Don�t you want your toothbrush? And your books? You're
not going to take your books?&quot;

Good mother that she was, she even waited to make sure that Vanessa got into
the Taylor's house safely before driving away.

He was wearing a shirt and tie when he let her in, and despite her numbness she
realized that he looked very nice. He locked the door after her and pocketed
the key, and she was trapped.

'Don't,&quot; was all she could say as she stood in his living room, &quot;Mr.
Taylor, I don�t know what you think, but what you did to me wasn't right. I'm
not going to let you do that again, I swear.&quot;

&quot;I'm disappointed.&quot; he said, looking her up and down. &quot;Jeans and
a sweater? I thought you'd do better than that.&quot;

She stood in the middle of the living room still wearing her leather jacket as
he walked around her, appraising her. &quot;Mr. Taylor, really. You know, you
came in and found me fooling around, trying on some clothes I had. Just fooling
around. But I'm not like that really. I'm not that kind of girl. I don�t do
this. Certainly not with someone old enough to be my own father. It's
disgusting. You know, I should have told the police. I still might. You took
advantage of me. That's rape. I could still tell the police.&quot;

He sat down on the arm of the sofa and idly played with a piece of rope. She
realized now that there was all sorts of stuff on the sofa: rope, leather
cuffs, gags, vibrators, a whole collection. Her eyes went wide and her stomach
sank. She felt a thrill run up her back.

&quot;I figured you wouldn't be able to bring your toys,&quot; he said,
&quot;So these are my toys.&quot;

&quot;Mr. Taylor�&quot;

&quot;Hey, I just thought we might play a little game together,� he said,
looking at her pointedly. �You know, just fool around. I even bought you some
clothes. Want to see?&quot;

&quot;I've got to go.&quot; she said. She turned and strode to the front door.
&quot;Open the door please.&quot;

He watched her from the sofa, playing with the rope. That look was back in his
eyes and she was afraid to look at him.

&quot;You can stop that, Vanessa.&quot; he said softly. &quot;You can just stop
all that crap. You know you loved it. You loved every fucking bit of it. Didn't
you.&quot;

She stood at the door, her hand on the knob, her forehead pressed against the
wood. &quot;Please unlock the door, Mr. Taylor.&quot;

He got up off the sofa and walked towards her slowly. &quot;You loved dressing
up like a little whore, and you loved it that I found you like that. You loved
that I took you for what you were and treated you like a little slut, and you're
lying if you say you didn't. I was there, Vanessa, remember? I felt how you
kissed me and stuck your tongue into my mouth. I felt how wet your pussy was
and how you fucked yourself on my finger, just like my little whore! You almost
came right there when I tied your wrists behind your back, you were so fucking
hot. So we both know what we're dealing with here, don't we, Vanessa? Don't
we?&quot;

She was trying not to listen, because what he was saying was filling her with
shame and excitement at the same time. &quot;No,&quot; she said, &quot;No.
You're wrong. I'm not like that. It was a game.&quot;

He came up to her now and grabbed her, turned her around and pinned her against
the door with his body, his face inches from hers. She shook her head, her eyes
closed tight.

Just as he had that first fateful day, he took her wrists in his hands and
lifted them over her head, pressing them too against the door. He leaned his
weight against her, and she gasped as she felt the hard stalk of his cock dig
into her stomach.

&quot;You're a slut, Vanessa. Maybe you don't want to admit it yet, but I know
it. And that wasn't just some little game you were playing. You were trying out
the role, weren't you? You liked dressing up like that. Just a little
cock-hungry slut.&quot; he said as he wrapped the rope around her wrist.
&quot;So why don't you just admit it so we can get on with our show?&quot;

He had her wrists bound together now and he pulled her back into the living
room. Tears welled up in her eyes and she tried to fight him, tried to free her
wrists, but he pulled her around and threw her down on the sofa.

Before she could move he was on top of her, one hand holding her wrists out of
the way, the other pushing her jacket aside and pulling her sweater up over her
tits. She tried to break free but his hand closed on her breast and squeezed
hard, making her cry out. He grabbed her bra and pulled it up so that her tits
fell free, then he sucked one into his mouth as she arched off the couch,
trying to throw him off.

&quot;Stop it! Stop it!&quot; she cried out, but he held her down and his free
hand scrabbled at her jeans, trying to get them open. She tossed her hips,
trying to get away from him but she felt his strong fingers open her pants,
then the zipper, then his hand was sliding inside her panties.

When his finger touched her they both froze. She let out a sob of shame as he
touched her pussy. She was aroused and wet and she knew it, and now he knew it
too. Everything he'd said had been true. She couldn't deny it now. Her body
wouldn't let her. His finger slid easily along her soaking crease, then he
pulled his hand out and showed his glistening finger to her.

&quot;Look at that,&quot; he said as she turned her head away. &quot;You're
already hot. Suck it!&quot;

&quot;Mr. Taylor, no�&quot;

He pushed his finger against her mouth. &quot;Suck it, Vanessa. I want you to
taste you own slut juice. Suck it!&quot;

She opened her mouth, shame wracking her body, and she let him put his sticky
finger in her mouth. She tasted her own musk, the undeniable proof of all he
had said about her.

&quot;So you're a hot little cunt, Vanessa,&quot; he said as he slid his finger
back into her panties and began to rub her slit again. &quot;That's not so bad.
I know you can't help it, can you baby? Your body just won't behave. See?
You're already fucking that little pussy against my hand, aren�t you?&quot;

She gasped. He was right; she'd been humping her hips against his hand as if
fucking it. She hadn't realized that she'd been doing that. It was like her
body had a mind of its own. She made herself stop.

&quot;It just feels so good, doesn't it, Vanessa? It feels so good to have
someone touch your pussy and suck your tits.&quot; he said as he continued to
kiss her breasts and finger her cunt. &quot;You can't help it if that's what
you are. You're just highly sexed. It's not your fault. You need someone who knows
what you want, that's all.&quot;

She still had her head turned to the side, trying to hide her face from him.
She didn't believe him. It wasn't true. She was a straight A student, a good
girl who'd never been in trouble in her life. Not that she was a prude, it was
just that she was so busy studying. She dated when she had time, and she'd made
love before. It�s not like she wasn�t aware of her sexuality. So why would he
say what he was saying? How could he accuse of that? He didn't even know her.

But his fingers and his mouth felt so good, and she loved the way he held her
down, her arms tied and held out of the way. There was no way she could fight
him as he kissed her breasts and belly and played with her excited pussy. None
of the guys she�d dated had never treated her this way. They didn't have a
beard that scraped on her tender skin, and none of them had a mouth that was so
hot and demanding for her, a mouth that had already known so many women's
bodies and now wanted hers. Her lovers never forced her down and told her what
she was right to her face, shaming her and making her wild with excitement. Her
dates were just boys; Mr. Taylor was a man. It made all the difference.

He was pushing her back into the cushions of the sofa and her little moans of
protest were taking on a different meaning as he sucked a nipple into his mouth
and lashing it lightly with his tongue. His finger was teasing at her pussy,
rimming her hole and she wanted him to stick it inside her: he was driving her
crazy.

He caught her nipple between her teeth and bit down on it, not too hard, but
hard enough to send a spear of pain shooting through her body and igniting a
sudden gush of masochistic pleasure.

&quot;Oh God!&quot; she cried out as she thrust her hips up against his hand.
Her own body was betraying her, humiliating her. Her body wanted more. Her body
loved being treated like this, no matter what she herself might want.

Suddenly he got off her and stood up, leaving her lying there panting with her
sweater pulled up over her boobs and her pants gaping open. He pulled her up
into a sitting position and untied her wrists.

Vanessa was confused, groggy, her head reeling from her sensual excitement as
she tried to understand what was happening to her. Was he done? Why had he
stopped? He pushed her to her feet and, with her wrists free, she ran a hand
through her tousled hair, trying to get her bearings.

&quot;Take your coat off.&quot; he said, and she realized that she was still
wearing her leather jacket. She slipped it off and just dropped it on the
floor, something she would never do ordinarily. But she was dizzy and not
herself.

&quot;Now take your clothes off.&quot; he said as he sat back down on the sofa.

She looked at him in surprise. Her clothes? Her pants were hanging open, her
panties showing, and her breasts were still naked, her bra was twisted and
pushed out of the way. Her nipple still ached where he had bitten it and she
could feel his saliva cooling on her skin. She couldn't undress in front of
him. That was too much.

The blinds were closed tight. She looked around the room as if seeing it for
the first time: the television, the sofa, tables, all the usual accoutrements
of middle class life. She couldn't believe this was happening.

&quot;I can't.&quot; 

&quot;Yes you can.&quot; he said mildly. &quot;And you will, right now. I want
to show you what a slut you are.&quot;

She made the mistake of looking him in the eye, and she was caught by the force
of his gaze.

Keeping her head down and burning with shame, she pushed her jeans down over
her hips, down her legs, and stepped out of them. She lifted her sweater over
her head and let it fall as well. He bra wasn't doing her any good, so she
started to unfasten that too when he said, &quot;Okay. Stop there. Now look at
yourself.&quot;

She was already looking down, but she didn't understand what she was supposed
to see.

He said, &quot;You knew you were coming over here, didn't you, Vanessa? Of
course you did. And look at the underwear you wore.&quot;

She looked down. She was wearing one of her favorite pair of sheer black
panties, very tiny and very sexy, and her bra matched, just a whisper of thin
black fabric that made her breasts look great. Why on earth had she worn these?
She hardly remembered getting dressed that morning. Had she subconsciously
wanted to look nice for him? 

&quot;You wear stuff like that every day?&quot; he asked her with a laugh.

Her face went red, and her embarrassment made her suddenly conscious that she
was standing there mostly naked. She grabbed her bra and twisted it around to
cover her breasts. Mr. Taylor got up and quickly picked up her jeans and
sweater and tucked them under his arm. &quot;Your clothes are in there.&quot;
he said, pointing to the den. �I laid them all out for you. Bought them
special.&quot;

&nbsp;

Her wits
were returning to her now. She had to get out of there. She thought about
putting her coat on and she stood there, frozen with indecision for a moment.

That was all it took for him to lose his temper. He threw her clothes in a wad
against the wall, strode over to her and grabbed her arms.

&quot;Listen, bitch, we're done screwing around! You're not fooling anyone with
that innocence act so why don't you just drop it? I'm getting really sick of
it. Face it, baby: I know what you are and I know what you fucking want!&quot;

She tried to struggle away from him but he twisted her arms behind her back. He
gathered both her wrists into one massive hand and kept her arms pinned behind
her as he pulled her to him and reached down to shove his hand into her crotch
again.

She groaned in anger and frustration as she felt him touch her but he held her
hands immobile. He was too strong, and he handled her effortlessly, as if she
were a child. His hand ran along her body, cupping her breasts and finally
pulling her face around to face him and he kissed her hard.

It was no use. The struggling just seemed to make them both hotter. The feel of
his strength and his obvious desire for her made her weak, and the more she
tried to hide it the more urgently she wanted to feel him against her, holding
her, not letting her go. She wanted him to force her to do everything for him.
She wanted him to push her down and fuck her mouth, treat her like a slut, do
every filthy thing to her she'd ever dared dream of.

He broke the kiss but held her face in his hand. &quot;You're going to go in
there and you're going to put on those fucking clothes so I can see what a
cheap whore you are, Vanessa. It's just like your dress-up game, but this time
I'm playing too. Then you're going to come out here and show me your hot little
ass, and you're going to do whatever I tell you to do. If I tell you to suck my
cock, you'll get down on your knees and suck my fucking cock. If I tell you to
play with yourself you're going to play with yourself. If I tell you to spread
your legs and show me your little pussy, you're going to spread your legs and
show me your pussy. And you know what else? You're going to love it! You're
going to just fucking love it! So quit acting like you�re too good for this,
and let�s move on.&quot;

His words cut into her like daggers, each one dripping with his hot need. At the
end of his speech he pulled her to him and kissed her again, slipping his hand
beneath her panties to cup her ass. One finger dipped low and poked against her
tiny asshole, and the lewdness of touch made her pussy throb with desire for
him.

He propelled her to the den and pushed her in, her head reeling. The clothes
were laid out on the sofa there, and even as she looked at them with horror her
pulse began to race. There were a pair of sandals with enormous spiked heels, a
tiny miniskirt of some sheer gold metallic fabric, and a skimpy red stretch
tank top. Just the same kind of things that she always wore when she played by
herself.

&quot;And take off your underwear,&quot; he called. &quot;No bra, no
panties.&quot;

Half in a daze, she stripped and then began to dress again. The miniskirt was
tight. She felt it compress her buttocks together, and she could see her pubic
mound where it puffed out the front just a bit. The top was tiny, even after
she stretched into it. It looked as if it were painted on.

But it wasn't until she put the shoes on that she really felt the part. They
raised her up, pushed her ass out and made her throw her shoulders back for
balance. There was no mirror down here, but she could imagine what she looked
like and it thrilled her. She looked cheap and on display, just like she'd
always fantasized.

She was afraid to face him. What if he laughed? As naughty as she felt, she
still felt like Vanessa, the good little straight-A student, trying to play the
bad girl. 

&quot;I'm waiting.&quot; he called.

She took a deep breath to try and calm herself, then she walked into the living
room.

When she saw the look in his eyes her fears melted, replaced by an incandescent
glow of excitement. There was a gleam in his eye, sharp and bright, almost
violent, and a nasty smile on his face that gave her goose bumps. No man had
ever looked at her that way before, and her excitement was tinged with a bit of
fear, that he might suddenly attack her. He looked as if he were ready to. That
was the way men looked at her in her fantasies before they threw her on the bed
and fucked her. But in her fantasies she was always somewhat in control. This
was real, and she felt more naked than if she'd had no clothes on at all.
Still, the feeling was powerful�

&quot;Walk,&quot; he said simply, his voice sounding like a dry croak.

She felt like the goddess of lust. She walked and felt her hips slide inside
the slippery metallic skirt. Her nipples were hard and rubbed teasingly against
the tight fabric of the top. From the height of her heels she no longer felt
like a student drudge. She felt very adult, sexy and dangerous, and her
feelings were reinforced by what she saw in his eyes. She was filled with a
confidence she'd never felt before, and she didn't even wobble as she walked
across the floor. She stopped, spun like a model and pulled it off, then
stopped and let him have a good look at her in profile.

She was so keyed up she was afraid she might giggle with sheer pleasure, and
the look of raw lust on his face was so extreme it was almost amusing. She had
a sudden urge to tease him. Her fear and resistance were gone now, as if the
power had shifted from him to her and she was calling the shots now It was an
intoxicating feeling.

She made a show of doing something with her hair so that she could raise her
arms, hiking up her breasts so they hung rich and full on her chest, and he
just sat there and stared. She could see his cock tenting the front of his
pants, could almost see it pulsing with his heart beat, and on impulse she
turned her back to him and bent over, putting her hands on her knees and
causing her skirt to rise up in the back and showing just a hint of the bottom
of her ass and her puff of pubic hair where it showed through her legs. 

&quot;Don't you think this skirt is too short?&quot; she asked innocently.

&quot;Come here,&quot; he breathed, and Vanessa couldn't repress a giggle.
&quot;Come over here.&quot; 

This is how she'd always wanted to feel: irresistibly sexy, and powerful enough
to keep a man under her thumb just from his wanting her. She liked walking on the
edge, never knowing when she might push him so far that he'd explode, grab her
and force her to do all sorts of terrible, obscene things.

As she walked over to him, she suddenly felt conscious of their difference in
age. She was young, not even out of school, at the very peak of her body's
ripeness. He was old enough to be her father, experienced and supposedly mature
enough to control his feelings. She felt like a little slave girl who'd caught
the fancy of the old and powerful king, and she liked the feeling.

He reached out and grabbed her wrist, pulled her into his lap and she fell on
him with a little squeal of alarm. He pressed his face against her tits and his
hand slid right up under her skirt to her naked pussy, puffy with excitement
and ready to be used.

&quot;You little tramp!&quot; he hissed at her. &quot;What happened to the good
girl now, huh? What happened to the good little Vanessa?&quot;

She laughed with excitement as his hand stroked her cunt and he licked at her
nipple through the top. &quot;I lied.&quot; she said, &quot;I am a slut. But
what are you going to do about it, baby?&quot;

The words came easily to her, even as she shocked herself by saying them. It
was like her dress-up game: those are the kinds of things she said to her
imaginary lover when she would look in the mirror and pose for herself, calling
him baby and lover and stud as she stroked her nipples and dipped a finger into
her wet slit. 

He grabbed her face in his hand and kissed her roughly, his beard scratching
her, as he opened her up and pushed a thick finger into her.

&quot;Mmmmm!&quot; she screamed into his mouth, pushing her hips forward
against his hand as she felt him enter her. His touch felt so good; his
roughness was like an aphrodisiac, and she opened her thighs before squeezing
them tightly around his hand. She wanted it like this. She was a slut and she
needed to be punished for acting this way; she needed his violence: it thrilled
her.

&quot;Stand up!&quot; he said and he pushed her off his lap as she mewled with
disappointment. He stood up and spun her around so her back was to him, and she
felt him wrapping rope around her wrists yet again.

Truthfully, though, she loved the rope. She loved being bound and helpless,
unable to defend herself, and she loved the way being bound pushed her tits
out. She knew it just increased his lust too, just made him hotter and wilder,
and when he spun her back around to face him she had the nerve to give him a
sultry little pout.

That was going too far, and he grabbed her hair and pulled her head back.

&quot;You fucking whore!&quot; he hissed at her as his free hand roamed over
her body, squeezing her breasts and pinching her nipples, sliding over her
stomach to stroke her pussy. &quot;You know just what you're doing! Coming off
like the innocent little college girl, then you get some sexy clothes on and
you're nothing but a hot cunt! I knew it all along, you fucking tease.&quot;

His words made her gasp. She loved it. She closed her eyes and bit her lip and
let them wash over her like the hot spray of a shower.

&quot;Well you know what's going to happen to you, baby?&quot; he went on,
whispering in her ear so close she could feel his hot breath, &quot;I'm going
to tie you up good and tight and see just what kind of slut you are. I'm going
to shove my big, hard cock in you, Vanessa, and I'm going to fuck the hell out
of you! Fuck you hard, baby; hard and deep, stretch that little pussy wide open
and give you the fucking you've been asking for.&quot;

She groaned at the force of his words and he pulled her head back again.

&quot;And then you're going to suck my cock, open that sweet mouth and take me
in your mouth and suck on me. Every good whore loves to suck cock, doesn't she,
baby, and I already know you're real good. You�ll suck my cock till I shoot my
come all over your cock-sucking face, slut, and then you'll wipe it all up and
swallow it.&quot;

&quot;But first,&quot; he said, &quot;I got something else for you.&quot;

She was on fire now, and she needed him badly. Her hips had started moving of
their own accord, trying to rub against him, and she felt all liquid inside. He
let go of her hair, turned, and dropped his pants, groaning with relief as his
cock was able to spring free inside his shorts. Vanessa saw the wet spot in
front and her nostrils flared as she imagined his tool in her mouth, how
depraved it would look.

He sat down with his shorts still on and pulled her down. She went to sit on
his lap again but he spun her around somehow, manhandling her until she was
over his knee and she realized that he was going to spank her.

This was something she'd never envisioned in her games, and this time she felt
real alarm as he slid her miniskirt up over her naked ass. 

&quot;Wait! Mr. Taylor! Wait!&quot; but he held her down with his arm in the
small of her back, and with her hands tied behind her there was nothing she
could do.

In her whole life she'd never been hit, and it was degrading to be treated like
a child and taken over his knee when she'd just been feeling like such an
adult.

&quot;You know why you're getting this?&quot; he asked her as he squeezed her
naked cheeks. &quot;Because you're such a fucking whore, Vanessa! You're
totally out of control. You're a slut and you'll do anything for cock, won't
you?&quot;

Before she could even decide to answer she felt rather than saw him raise his
hand, and he brought it down with a loud smack on her ass, making her squeal
and sending a surge of heat through her body. He spanked her again, and she
jumped, her eyes wide.

She could feel his cock pressing into her stomach, rock hard as she tried to
protect her ass with her tied hands, but he just spanked her again and again
until all she felt was a generalized burning that melted into the hot need in
her pussy. But worse than the pain was the very humiliation of being treated
this way, humiliation that built her excitement even higher. She loved his male
power and strength, the way he took no shit from her, the way he made her hurt.

After a few spanks she stopped struggling, waiting for every blow, each slap
like the thrust of a cock into her pussy, the same delicious pain, and her
squeals of alarm became low, throaty moans of gratification as her hips began
to grind against his cock.

And it was only fair, after the way she'd teased and taunted him. She deserved
it, and she was glad he was there to give it to her. She was a whore; there was
nothing she could do about it but take her punishment for her own filthy
desires, though each slap on her naked and trembling ass only made her hotter,
made her think of even filthier things she wanted him to make her do.

Then suddenly she was on her knees on the floor and he was standing over her.
He skinned his shorts down and she saw his gorgeous cock, big and stiff and
gleaming with his secretions, his big balls hanging below. This wasn't the
bright eager stalk of a boy, but a man's veteran piece, a thick and experienced
and rough-looking thing covered with veins and ridges like a club, almost
scary.

He pushed it against her lips and she opened her mouth and tilted her head back
as he pushed it over her tongue and she felt the bulk fill her up. He tasted
salty and musky and she closed her eyes and explored him as far as she could
with her tongue.

&quot;Come on whore!&quot; he said. &quot;You know how to suck! Suck me!&quot;

He had fucked her mouth before, when he took her on her own bed, and she
remembered the deliciously thick, hard, male feel of him in her mouth. But she
was on her knees now, kneeling like a slave before him, and that made this even
more exciting.

She'd only begun though when he pulled his cock from her mouth, leaving her
panting and bewildered. He grabbed her arm and started to pull her to her feet.

&quot;Come on.&quot; he said. &quot;We're going to the bedroom.&quot;

&quot;Why?&quot; she said. &quot;Fuck me here. Fuck me on the floor.&quot;

&quot;You little bitch!&quot; he said, lifting her to her feet. &quot;You
giving the orders now? On your feet.&quot;

In her heels she was as tall as him, maybe taller. The red tank top was already
sweated through between her breasts and on her back, and her ass was bright red
from the spanking. She let him propel her by the arm out of the living room and
across the hallway, her heels rapping sharply on the hardwood floor. She
climbed the stairs to the second floor unsteadily

Vanessa was dizzy with arousal, her head swimming and her cunt feeling achy and
congested. Her ass hurt from the spanking and she staggered slightly as he led
her down the hallway upstairs, her hands tied behind her. They passed his kids'
rooms. She got a glance of his daughter's frilly bed, his son's room with all
the posters on the wall, and he steered her down to his own bedroom: his wife's
bedroom.

There were family pictures on the walls, on the dressers, and as she stood
there she felt even more of a whore, a home wrecker, an adulteress. This was
the bed where he slept with his wife; their marriage bed. He came up to her and
grabbed her by the shoulders, pulled her savagely to him and kissed her hard,
shoving his tongue into her mouth and she sucked on it like it was his prick.

&quot;Fuck me!&quot; she said as he pulled away. &quot;Fuck me!&quot;

He spun her around so that she was facing the mirror over the dresser and she
looked at herself in shock, her hair a mess, her arms pinned behind her back,
the tiny skirt barely covering her pussy. Her lips were swollen with desire and
her eyes hazy with lust. She was a whore; a cock-sucking slut, and she was
proud to see herself that way.

She watched in the mirror as his hands came around her and closed over her
tits. He took her nipples between his fingers and squeezed, slowly at first,
then harder, until pain shot through her body and she hunched her shoulders
forward trying to protect herself.

&quot;You like that, don't you?&quot; he said as he let her go. &quot;You like
it when I hurt you.&quot;

&quot;Just fuck me!&quot; she said again, her voice a husky whisper. &quot;I
want it.&quot;

He pushed her onto the bed and she fell on her back. Immediately he was between
her legs, sliding the mini skirt up over her hips. He held himself up on his
extended arms and she looked up into his hard, determined face.

She knew what he was seeing, and she stuck her tongue out and waggled it at him
invitingly, a gesture intended to make herself look even sluttier than she
already did. It had its effect and she saw desire burn like rage in his eyes

&quot;I'm going to fuck you now.&quot; he said. &quot;I'm going to fuck your
pussy and then I'm going to fuck your ass.&quot;

&quot;Yes!&quot; she cooed. She looked straight into his eyes and without a
hint of shame she said, &quot;Fuck my pussy and fuck my ass. Do it all to me,
Mr. Taylor. Fuck me everywhere. I want it all.&quot;

He took a deep breath through his nose, thrust his hips forward and impaled her
on his cock, shoving his rod right through the fleshy sleeve of her pussy, all
the way in.

Vanessa cried out and arched up to him as though she'd been jolted with
electricity. Her hips lunged up off the bed so that only her head and heels
still touched the mattress, driving her cunt up over his plunging cock, wanting
it, wanting all of it.

&quot;Oh God!&quot; she gasped as he pushed into her, so hard, so demanding. He
felt huge and thick; massive, and she felt tiny beneath him, open and
defenseless.

She fell back to the mattress and Taylor grabbed her ass and pulled her up to
him, shoving his cock back into her as if trying to batter her resistance down
and make room for himself inside her, snapping his hips hard and the end of his
down stroke to make her grunt. Her young snatch was tight around him, swollen
and turgid with blood, her muscles quivering as they tried to adjust to his
size.

She couldn't hide the pleasure she felt, pleasure not only physical, but lewd
and lascivious as she pictured what she must look like with her arms tied
behind her back, her skirt gathered around her waists and her young thighs wide
open, Mr. Taylor's big cock stuffed inside her tiny pussy 

He was brutal to her and she loved it, knowing instinctively it was a sign of
his desire, his lust for her, and when he kissed her she opened her mouth and
moaned out her slutty pleasure to him.

With her arms tied and trapped beneath her there was nothing she could do but
let herself be fucked by this violent man, and she spread her legs wide and
pressing her cunt against him, arched her tits up against his hard chest. He
pressed her down hard into the mattress; she could hardly breath and she had to
break the kiss to gasp for breath.

Turning her head she could just see their reflection in the mirror, see his
naked, muscular ass flex obscenely as he drove his meat into her and see her
own feet still in those whore's shoes shake with each savage thrust. It was
masochistic heaven; she'd never felt used, so filled, so totally fucked, as if
she had a wild bull between her legs.

Her excitement quickly climbed to the breaking point, egged on by the sight of
herself in the mirror, and when he grabbed her nipples again and twisted them
she thrilled as the pain seared her body, exploding into a wet little orgasm
that she choked back by biting her lip.

A few minutes of this savage pounding and he pulled out of her, leaving her
cunt pouting after him, twitching with the loss of his big rod. She opened her
eyes to see him reaching for a jar on the nightstand, scooping up some gel onto
his fingers, some lubricant. But her attention was on his big, heavy cock,
glistening with her own juices as it throbbed before him, and she thrilled when
he shoved it back into her, blotting out any thoughts as he stretched and
filled her once again.

&nbsp;

As he
fucked her he ran his hand below her ass and she felt his fingers reaching up
beneath her towards her pussy. There was the kiss of something cold against her
anus, and then his finger was pressing against her there, pushing her asshole
before it slid inside, making her cry out again.

&quot;Oh yes!&quot; she wailed. &quot;Put your finger in my ass! Do it to
me!&quot;

It was wonderfully degrading, the thought of him assaulting her ass, this
feeling of fullness in her bowels as his cock slithered in and out of her cunt.
His finger was in her asshole, violating her, showing no respect, worming
around and stretching her out, and she'd never felt anything so nasty, so lewd
and dirty.

&quot;You like that, whore?&quot; he panted in her ear. &quot;You like my
fingers in your ass? You do don't you? Don�t you?&quot;

&quot;Yes!&quot; she moaned. &quot;It's good! I love it! Fuck me!&quot;

&quot;You're my slut, aren't you baby? You're my own little slut!&quot;

His finger slid farther into her and sparks went off in her brain. &quot;Oh
yes! I'm your slut! Do whatever you want to me! Do everything!&quot;

She extended her tongue obscenely and let him take it between his lips and suck
on it as he fucked her and fingered her asshole, both of them grunting and
moaning, chills running through her body as her orgasm approached like a
runaway train.

But suddenly he pulled out, making her wail with frustration. She squeezed him
with her thighs, wanting him back inside her, but he was dipping back into the
jar of lube again, and smearing it all over his cock.

&quot;Oh God!&quot; she whispered as she realized what he was going to do. He
scooped up more of the lube and wiped it against her anus, and she looked at
him with astonishment and desire. She was frightened; she'd never done this
before, and yet she wanted it. It would be the ultimate assault on her, her
total surrender.

He turned her over, and she started to raise her ass to him, but he slapped her
down. She was surprised when he untied her wrists then rolled her over on her
back again.

&quot;Hold on to the headboard.&quot; he said. &quot;And do as I say.&quot;

She did as she was told and he picked up her legs and pressed her knees back
against her chest. She watched him as he looked down at his cock and she
realized that he was going to fuck her ass from the front, even more degrading.
She squealed as she felt the head of his cock searching through the smeared
grease on her ass looking for her tiny opening, and she jerked when he found
it. 

&quot;Spread your ass, Vanessa. Spread your cheeks apart.&quot;

&quot;Oh God! I can't!&quot; she wailed.

&quot;Do it!&quot; he shouted, the look in his face scaring her.

He reached beneath her and pulled her buttocks apart, clenching her eyes shut
tight as he guiding his cock to her anus and pressed forward.

Instinctively she clenched tight when she felt him there, and she could hear
him panting and grunting with effort as he tried to fit the enormous head of
his cock to her asshole.

Somehow he managed to get the head past the tight ring of muscle and it popped
inside her. He leaned all his weight against it and Vanessa felt herself give,
trembling and shaking before his incredibly hard cock.

&quot;No! Oh no!&quot; she wailed, letting go of her ass and pressing against
his chest, but he ignored her and continued to sink his prick slowly into her
ass, filling her with the most incredibly salacious feelings. Her mouth opened
wide and a low, animal groan came out as he filled her belly with his prick,
plundering her most private place, shoving his cock into her very body.

She began panting from the pain, fast and shallow, taking a deep breath only to
howl out her feeling of violation, and yet she loved it. She knew that this was
the ultimate act, the most humiliating, most degrading. Truly she was no more
than a whore now, taking his cock up her ass like a slave. Her nipples were
rock-hard with excitement, her pussy throbbed in sympathy and chills ran up her
spine.

He was maybe half-way in when he stopped, gasping for breath, his eyes burning
into her in her shame. He flexed his cock in her and she cried out again, he
was so huge, so alive inside her. She didn't know what to do with her hands.
They pushed at his hips to keep him out, then clawed at the bedspread, then
covered her face. But he wasn't going to withdraw. She was going to get fucked
in the ass, just as he'd promised, and her whole body trembled in frightened
arousal.

&quot;Gimme your hands.&quot; he said to her, flexing his cock again.
&quot;Hurry! Play with your pussy! Play with your cunt, whore. I want you to
beat off while I fuck your ass!&quot;

&quot;Oh! Oh!&quot; she couldn't even tell him no. She just let him put her
hands on her pussy as he pulled his cock out a fraction of an inch and then
pushed back into her, making her feel as if he were pushing her insides around.
The feelings were so intense she hardly paid attention to what she was doing as
she began to rub her pussy. But soon the pleasure of caressing herself lessened
the pain of the anal invasion and replaced it with a terribly lewd and filthy
pleasure that made all rational thought impossible.

He fucked her slowly, tentatively, pulling out and pushing in, feeding a bit
more of his prick into her stretched ass with every stroke. His eyes were
locked on her hands as she masturbated, and Vanessa gave a quavering moan as
she realized that he was watching her so closely and that it was starting to
feel good.

She found her clit with one hand and began to rub herself, her fingers brushing
against his shaft just an inch or two below her. Her tongue came out and she
licked her upper lip at the deliciously obscene feelings he was giving her, and
then she started masturbating for real, egged on by the thought of what a total
whore she had become.

He fucked her steadily but carefully now, studying her face in her agony of
pleasure and shame as her masturbation became more and more frantic. The juice
from her pussy poured down over his cock, lubricating it and easing his
entrance further. She was alive all over, a mass of seething sensation in her
ass and her cunt, down her legs, her breasts, everything was on fire, and her
hands dug cruelly at her pussy as he fucked her ass.

She couldn�t tell whether she was coming or not, it had all merged into one
unbearably erotic sluice of feelings. She was screaming constantly, yelling out
and saying things she didn�t even hear, begging him to fuck her hard, to ride
her ass, telling him she was coming and urging him to shoot his semen into her.

The tendons in her neck stood out as she raised her head to watch her fingers
at her pussy, and it suddenly hit her now what a total slut she had become,
letting him fuck her ass while she masturbated for him; taking pleasure in her
own degradation, and as she realized how far she had fallen she exploded into
fragments of unbearably shameless ecstasy, giving herself over to this
salacious fucking, coming as she never had before.

She felt his cock throb inside her, and then he was crying out and pumping his
hot seed into her ass, clawing at her, pulling her hair, making her take it as
he shot again and again, scalding hot in her rectum. Vanessa's eyes rolled back
in her head, sightless, she opened her mouth and extended her tongue as if he
were coming in her mouth. She beat on his body with her fists, urging all the
come out of him. Then she just seemed to go up and over, out of her body and
into a black void of excruciating pleasure and pain, and she lost
consciousness.

She was not out long, for she felt his deflated cock pull from her asshole
trailing strings of his gism over her ass. She couldn't move. It was as if the
muscles in her body just would not respond, and she lay there twitching and
jerking in the aftermath of orgasm as Mr. Taylor took her in his arms and held
her close in her helplessness, and she could feel him shuddering too from the
intensity of his release. She was soaked with sweat, her hair matted to her
face, and she felt sore all over; sore in places she'd never been sore in
before, and yet she'd never felt so deeply satisfied, so totally used. He had
hurled all his lust at her, like waves against a seawall, and she had taken all
he could give her.

There was no use fighting the feeling; no use pretending that she didn't love
it, being used and abused like this, and as he kissed her face and her
shoulders, she took it as her due. She knew she would never be satisfied with
anything less again.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dr_mabeuse


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





