BDSM Library - Appointment In Seattle




Appointment In Seattle
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A married submissive accompanies his dominant wife on a visit to another Mistress that will test his limits and realize his fantasies.
Appointment in Seattle


 Prologue...

The autumn sun began its gradual descent below the scattered clouds over the
Olympic Mountains, sending  streams of light glittering across the gentle waves
of Elliott Bay towards the towering landmarks of the  Emerald City.  Standing on
the top deck, my lungs infused with the salty air, I grasped the iron railing
and  felt the relentless churning of the huge engines below me as the sea spray
hissed along side.  Startled by the  sudden wailing of seagulls in the ferry
wake, I turned west just in time to see the mountain peaks  transformed from
breathtaking detail into dark mysteries as they were silhouetted by the glowing
sunset.   As I returned my gaze toward the ferry dock, the intensity of the city
lights increased as darkness  descended on my destination and my destiny with
desire.

I was suddenly awakened from my introspective trance by the bellowing sound of
the captain - "Now  arriving in Seattle", he announced.   I sure as hell hope
so, I laughed to myself, where else does this hunk of  metal go?

I left the observation deck and briskly skittered down the steps onto the car
deck, walked to my car and sat  down in the drivers seat next to my wife.

She folded her newspaper, looked into my eyes and asked "Well?"

"Yes. I want to go through with it".  "I'm excited, I'm scared, I'm aroused, and
I am so very much in love  with you for allowing me to feel this way".

"Kiss me slave", she commanded.  I leaned over and lightly touched her lips with
mine. It was as if I was  kissing her for the first time.  Soft, moist,
mysterious, and hot.  I felt my body tremble as our lips parted and  we touched
tongues briefly before she pulled away.

"Drive", she commanded.  I started the car and drove off the ferry and into the
night.........

Having negotiated the downtown city streets before, we were soon pulling up to
the valet parking outside  the hotel.  We entered the lobby, checked into the
hotel, and were soon in our room.  The  bellhop was right behind us with our
luggage, which he placed in the room.  He handed me an envelope as I  tipped
him.  On the front was a single letter - the letter "p".

She was relaxing in the easy chair in the sitting room and beckoned me over with
a crook of her finger.  I  went.  I knelt.  She held out her hand and I placed
the envelope in her palm.  "Take your shirt off".

I did.  "Feet", she said.  I loosened her shoes and removed them, kissed her
toes and began massaging her  feet and calves.  She opened the envelope, read
the contents to herself, folded it back up and placed it  between my lips.  I
could smell its musky perfumed scent.  My cock was engorged, twitching,
throbbing.   She placed her foot against its length and pushed hard.  I almost
erupted, groaning through my pursed lips.   I switched feet and continued the
massage For what seemed like an hour I worshipped her feet with my  hands, the
mystery of the message causing my erection to remain rampant, the fantasies
running wild  through my mind.

She finally broke the unbelievable tension.  "What time is it, slave?"

I glanced at my watch.  "Quarter to six, Mistress", I replied.

"Strip and prepare my bath".  I stripped, the letter still between my lips, my
erection exposed.  I went into  the bath and filled the tub with water and
perfumed oil. I contemplated opening the envelope.

I knew not to.  I didn't.   I was kneeling when she entered, still clothed. 
"Turn around".  I did.  She disrobed  and slid into the luxurious water.

I knelt there for what seemed an eternity, the envelope getting moist in my
mouth, it's musky perfume  filling my nostrils.  I listened to the sounds of her
bathing, my heart pounding, my organ pulsing, the  tension rising to an
unbearable level.  Finally, she rose from the bath, grabbed a towel and dried
off.   Grabbing my hair, she pulled my head back and took the envelope from my
parched lips.  "You have  twenty minutes to make yourself presentable".  She
left the bathroom and closed the door.  I showered,  shaved my face, cock, and
balls, brushed my teeth and dried my hair.  I applied some after shave to my
face  and crawled into the main room rapidly, anticipating the evening ahead.

She was laying on the bed one hand idly stroking between her legs.

I crawled over to her and waited for her reaction .  She leaned forward and
whispered. "Turn around.  Head  down.  Arms out.  Legs spread.  Ass up".  I
immediately complied.

She took an eyebrow pencil from her purse and began to write on my upturned ass. 
I could tell that she had  written the initials "MP" on both checks and then
circled each one.

"Turn around, slave".  I spun around and found my face directly in front of her
moist pussy.  "Lick".  I did.  With relish.  I licked lightly and slowly,
savoring every nuance of womanhood as I felt her open up to my  tongue and then
tremble as I finished each path with a flick of her clit. I could have gone on
forever, but  she stopped me after only a few minutes.  "I don't want you to
have to take another shower, slave.  We'll go  to dinner at seven.  Dress
yourself casually.  You may choose my clothes for the evening .  I'll go and
finish  my makeup."  "Yes, Mistress.  Thank you, Mistress"

Then she was gone.  I was left alone.  I could still feel her mark on my ass. I
looked for the envelope but it  was nowhere in sight.  I got dressed in my
favorite beige slacks and dark green silk shirt and then began to  choose her
outfit.  This was something she had not permitted before.  I had offered many
times, but she had  been reluctant to rely on my suggestions.  I knew that, if I
displeased her,

it might be the last time she would allow me this privilege.

I went to closet and found her black calf-length wraparound dress with the gold
floral motif.  Very elegant  and tastefully sexy.  She could show as much of her
legs as she wished.  I searched for and found her new  black camisole,  the
black pantyhose with open crotch, and her three inch black heels.  Stunning, and
not  too uncomfortable.  Looking through her lingerie bag, I selected a pair of
gold silk high-rise panties.   Perfect!  A glimpse of gold to complement the
dress, if she so desired.   I arranged the outfit on the bed and  sat down,
anxiously waiting,  aroused, nervous, a knot in my stomach.


When she finally walked into the main room she was naked except for her make-up
and lipstick.  Dropping  onto my hands and knees I began to kiss her feet before
she pulled me up and ordered me to dress her.   When we were finished she put on
her gold collar necklace and announced  "Time for dinner, slave" as she  grabbed
my crotch and pulled me toward the door.

Luckily the elevator was empty as she continued to squeeze my genitals
throughout the ride.  When we  arrived at the ground floor she said "Follow me"
and walked briskly toward the restaurant.  It seemed like  everyone was watching
as I followed, the bulge in my slacks obvious. 

We enjoyed a marvellous dinner at the Mediterranean restaurant, sharing
appetizers and entrees along with  her favorite, a bottle of white Burgundy from
France.   We talked about the food and the atmosphere, but  she said nothing
about the message from the envelope.  Although the wine was delicious, the fact
that she  was allowing me to share the bottle had me very nervous.  I did not
want to jeopardize any possible  scenario by becoming inebriated.  I had
expected her to tell the waiter not to refill my glass, but she simply  smiled
and nodded when I gave her a quizzical look.  She was definitely keeping me off
guard.

We were sharing a delightful tiramisu dessert when she asked me what time it
was.

Glancing at my watch, I replied in a whisper "Quarter to eight, Mistress".

My heart was pounding.  I wanted to ask her what the envelope said, but I knew
that she would tell me  when it pleased her.

She knew that I was on the edge.

Not knowing.  Anticipating.  Dreading failure.  Fantasizing.  Worried.  Nervous.
I was going nuts.  The  silence was unbearable. 

Then my beautiful wife leaned across the table and took my hands in hers. 
Looking deep into my  apprehensive eyes, she whispered..........

"She will be here in ten minutes, slave."   I just about jumped out of my seat. 
My eyes started to water.  I  looked at her with new respect and admiration.  My
heart in my throat, I leaned across the table and kissed  her very gently with
trembling lips.   It was very brief, but time seemed to stand still as I
realized that she  had come to terms with my needs, and had found a way to
resolve all her prior misgivings.....

I wept, the tears rolling down my face and onto the table.

Now I didn't care who was watching.  The moment was too precious.

Composing myself, I wiped my eyes and whispered  "Thank you Mistress.  I love
you more than ever.   Thank you."

Sensing my emotional vulnerability, she brought me back to reality with a sharp
push of her heel into my  crotch under the table.  My back straightened and I
groaned.  She repeated the motion.  Now I was rock  hard and very attentive,
wide-eyed, trembling with desire and anticipation..

I wanted to fall to my knees before her and worship her forever.  She could see
it in my eyes.  "Later, slave.   Pay the bill and meet me in the lounge".  This
wonderful woman slid out of the booth, straightened her  dress, looked me in the
eye and walked slowly into the adjoining room.


I was a mess.  Emotionally, physically, mentally.  But I didn't care. 
Twenty-five years of longing was  about to come true.  I hoped.  I still didn't
know exactly what would happen the rest of the evening.   Gathering my
composure, I paid the bill, leaving a large tip.  Taking a deep breath, I stood
up and went to  find my wife in the lounge.

She was sitting at the bar,  perched on a high stool with her legs crossed, 
exposing a vast expanse of thigh.   It was almost too much for me.  My cock
twitched and guided me toward her.  I came up behind and  brushed her neck with
my lips.  "Sit down".  I sat.  She ordered a Grand Marnier for herself and a
glass of  water for me.  My throat was dry.  I now knew the real meaning of
nervous - every nerve in my body  seemed alive,  my mind vibrant with
anticipation.  I silently sipped the water and waited......

....and waited..........and waited........... I felt as if I was on display,
sitting at a fancy bar with a beautiful  woman, nursing a glass of water with an
engorged cock,  eager to bare my soul to a stranger.......a

very special stranger who I hoped would soon walk into the lounge.....

The waitress came up to the bartender and ordered - "White wine for table 1"

He poured the glass and placed it on her tray.  She paused and smiled at me....

"I have to visit the ladies room.  Would you deliver this for me please?"

I was startled.  I looked at my wife.  She looked over her shoulder into the far
corner of the room.  There,  sitting in a small booth was a beautiful blonde
woman who smiled and beckoned us over with her finger.   Placing her glass on
the tray, my wife got up and walked toward the booth.  "Come along", she said. 
I  looked sheepishly at the waitress, picked up the tray and followed
her.......................

			end of part one.....................




Appointment in Seattle

	 Part Two -  The Meeting

The waitress came up to the bartender and ordered -  ........"White wine for
table 1" He poured the glass and placed it on her tray.  She paused and smiled
at me... . "I have to visit the ladies room.  Would you deliver this for me
please?"

I was startled.  I looked at my wife.  She looked over her shoulder into the far
corner of the room.  There,  sitting in a small booth was a beautiful blonde
woman who smiled and beckoned us over with her finger.   Placing her glass on
the tray, my wife got up and walked toward the booth.  "Come along", she said. 
I  looked sheepishly at the waitress, picked up the tray and followed
her.......................


My heart was pounding and my knees felt weak as I slowly carried the tray across
the room toward the  dimly lit booth.  I don't know how I managed to keep from
spilling the drinks as I watched the blonde  woman rise and exchange greetings
and a handshake with my wife.  By the time I reached them they were  seated and
engaged in conversation, smiling and laughing like old friends.  They stopped
abruptly and  looked at me.......... The blonde was looking me up and down,
undressing me with her eyes.

I placed the Grand Marnier in front of my wife.  "Your drink, Mistress" "That's
Mistress P, slave", she corrected.  "You may serve Mistress M now" "Thank you
Mistress P.  Your drink, Mistress M". Placing the white wine before her, I
looked briefly into those sparkling hazel eyes until I averted my gaze.

She spoke.  "So, you are slave p, is that correct?" "Yes, Mistress M.", I
replied quietly. "Do you still wish to submit to me, slave", she asked. "Yes,
Mistress M.  It would be an honor if Mistress P allowed me to entertain you,
Mistress M" "Put the tray down, slave".  I placed the tray on the table. They
laughed together, looking straight at my crotch. "Nice pants.  Was the design
extra?"  They laughed again, louder this time.

Looking down at the front of my pants, I was mortified.  There were two gray
inverted "V" shapes above  two small dots.   Her shoes!!!!!! Now I understood
what they were laughing about.  I turned red as I realized that these marks of
submission  had been obvious to everyone in the bar. "Answer Mistress M, slave", 
my wife commanded. "Yes, Mistress M, I think the design is going to cost me" I
could barely get the words out......... They both laughed again and began
whispering to each other.

I stood there, embarrassed and humiliated, but my proximity to these beautiful
women and the anticipation  of serving them caused my erection to gradually
return.

Mistress P spoke first. "Slave, return the tray to the bar and then go and sit
in that booth over there". She pointed to the opposite  corner of the
room....... "We will send for you when you are needed" "Yes, Mistress P", I
replied. 

Turning away from them and walking across the room was even worse now that I
knew of the marks on my  crotch.  It didn't take me long to follow her
directions, but I think more people took notice of me because I  almost ran to
the booth...


From the booth I could see virtually everyone in the bar, and, probably by
design, everyone could see me.  I  tried not to keep staring at the two
Mistresses, but my eyes kept returning to their table.  From time to time  I
would catch their attention only to quickly avert my eyes.  I desperately wanted
to know what they were  talking about and if it concerned me or some other
general topic.

I sat there for nearly fifteen minutes before the waitress walked by and I asked
her for a glass of water.   Instead of going to the bar, she walked directly to
the Mistress' table and began talking to them. I saw Mistress P hand her a note
and then she went to the bar. After a few minutes she returned to my booth and
placed the note and a martini in front of me.   "Compliments of table 1" she
said as she turned away.  She suddenly stopped in her tracks and spun  around.
"Nice pants!", she said .   I blushed again and turned my head down.

I opened the note slowly, afraid of what it would or wouldn't say. I placed a
hand beneath the table and squeezed my cock and balls, my heart beating faster
and faster, my  nipples aroused, my mind racing once again.........the time was
near...........I read slowly....

Slave, you are to enjoy your martini while we are getting acquainted. When you
are finished, go up to the room and strip naked. Put your cock and balls strap
on.  Use the earplugs. Wear the leather hood with the blindfold and your collar.
Kneel on the carpet in the center of the room, then handcuff your hands behind
you. MM wishes to inspect  you.

	DO NOT disappoint Me !!!

		-MP I don't know how I managed to hold my orgasm back as I read
those words. But I did.  Perhaps it was the  fact that I was being allowed a
drink before serving them.  It didn't make sense because I knew that neither  of
them wanted to deal with a drunken slave.  I was afraid of ruining any chance of
a scene.  Yet, she had  sent the drink over. It must be some sort of master
plan, I mused to myself.  With each sip of the cool concoction, my nervousness
seemed to abate.  After fifteen minutes of sipping and staring at the two
Mistresses, I stood up, exhibiting my marks  of submission, walked briskly out
of the lounge, into the elevator and went up to our room.

After dimming the lights I took off my clothes and folded them neatly.  I made a
note of the time when I  removed my watch - it was 9 PM.

I retrieved our toy bag and found the items Mistress had instructed me to use. 
Fastening the strap around  my genitals took some time as I could barely get the
end of the leather into the buckle.  I finally succeeded  and tightened it
securely, forcing my balls up and away from my body and causing my engorged cock
to  start to turn purple.  I picked up the earplugs and hood and went into the
bathroom.

After inserting the earplugs, I pulled the hood over my head and managed to lace
it securely with the help  of the mirror.  The smell of the leather assaulted my
senses and as I looked down I found that there was a  small drop of clear
pre-cum on the tip of my harnessed cock.  I rubbed it around the glans and
foreskin for  lubrication and went back into the main room.  Settling onto my
knees on the carpeted floor, I placed the other components  of bondage around
me.   I secured the collar around my neck and buckled it firmly, but not too
tight.  I was  not sure how long I would remain in the desired position. 
Unlocking the handcuffs, I took the key and  clipped it to the ring on the front
of the collar.  I was breathing hard through the nose and mouth holes of  the
hood as I snapped the blindfold into place. I stroked my cock and balls one last
time before I placed a handcuff around my left wrist and ratcheted it  into
place.  Putting my hands behind my back, I finally managed to lock the other
cuff around my right  wrist.  I had completed her instructions.

To say that I was excited and aroused would be an understatement.  I could feel
my head getting hotter  within the hood, and the smell of leather permeated my
senses.  I was naked and bound, kneeling upright,  with my engorged cock and
swollen balls on display. The hood alone made hearing difficult, but with the
addition of the earplugs I could not hear anything.  I  was immersed in a
delightful silence, my cock throbbing  with each heartbeat, my knees gradually 
spreading wider apart as I tried to relax into my bondage.

My thoughts were with the two Mistresses and I wondered what they were doing
now.  Perhaps they were  discussing me.  Perhaps they were having another drink
and talking about clothes, shopping, and men in  general.  Perhaps they were
conspiring to take me past my fantasies and into reality.  Perhaps my wife had 
changed her mind.

Perhaps Mistress M had changed hers.  Perhaps they were just going to let me
suffer.  No, I was already suffering in my doubts. Perhaps they were just about
to enter the room....... I straightened my back and raised my head in the hope
that they would be here soon.  But time passed and I  could sense no other
presence in the room.  My mind was racing now........................ What would
happen tonight?.....please......anything......no,no....not anything.....I knew
better than to say that  I would do ANYTHING...
.....worshipping?.......whipping?.....insertion?.......nipple clips?....
.....servicing?.........everything?..........nothing?......    I tried to calm
myself down by thinking of the ocean, the rolling waves....the smell of the
clean fresh salt  air...........the bikinis..... ......ohmygod........the
bikinis.....sweet moist triangles of life..........
....twitching.........twisting my hips to find some relief for my  bloated
organ..........I shivered......cold hard nipples...........

A wave of cool air swept over my body.....I smelled something.....
.......fragrant.....flowers.....musky....heady............PERFUME! They were
here.....I groaned......I straightened up and spread my knees wide
apart........head  up........shoulders back............ Finally!  I was ready
for almost anything...............

A leash was attached to my collar and I was pulled across the room on my knees. 
A finger brushed across  the end of my cock and then pushed into my mouth.  I
licked and sucked the wet finger until I felt a hand  on the back of my head,
pushing it down to the floor where I felt the toe of a shoe.  I licked the shoe,
not  knowing which Mistress I was servicing but relishing the chance to show my
submissiveness  at long last.  Soon I felt another shoe resting between my
shoulders, and  I surmised that she must be  seated.  I continued with my
tongue,  licking every inch of the leather, sucking on the heel. kissing the
toe.

I had no idea who I was servicing and could not even tell if both of them were
in the room.  Who was she?    Who was watching, if anyone?  What was next?   It
didn't take long to find out.........

Cupping my chin in her hand, she raised my head until I was once  again kneeling
before her, back straight and head up.  Once more  a wet finger went into my
mouth.  Once more I was forced to suck.

I felt hands at my wrists, unlocking the handcuffs.  I jumped.  They were both
here!.  My hands were freed for only a short time before they were placed in
leather cuffs which were then attached to my thighs with other straps.  This was
much more comfortable and I  groaned ........"Thank you, Mistress".......... and
was rewarded for the unsolicited comment with a sharp slap on my initialed ass.
Soon I felt a hand squeeze my scrotum and another leash was attached to the
small ring on the strap around my genitals. I could feel the leashes thrown over
my back and then picked up once more, the dual pressure forcing me to turn
completely around on my sore knees.  They kept this up for some time, amusing
themselves with this naked aroused slave who was rapidly becoming disoriented. 
When they finished, a hand forced my head down to a pair of shoes once more. 
But these were dry. I turned my oral worship to the other Mistress now while the
first Mistress used my back as a hassock.  When she was done with my tongue,
they turned me once more, the pressure from the leashes the only method of
communication to their slave.

They must have been talking but I couldn't tell what they were saying.  I was
just hoping that I was entertaining them.

I felt the leash on my cock strap being pulled through my legs toward the
Mistress I was serving.  Suddenly, and without warning, both leashes tightened
and I was pulled away from her feet and up into a kneeling position once again. 
She used the end of a leash to whip the tender insides of my thighs until my
knees were far apart and my erection throbbed steadily before her.  I was sure
that any stimulation would cause me to lose my load.  She obviously knew that
too.........

Whack.........whack............whack..........whack.........

Four rapid slaps to my engorged cock brought me down with a sharp  intake of air
and a load groan.............AAAAAAAARGH!

Whack.........whack.............whack.........whack..........

Again.  I cried out as my erection wilted before.......... AAAAAARGH! .."Thank
you, Mistress"

Again.  A high pitched squeal this time...... EEEEEEEEEEEE!...."Thank you,
Mistress M"

Just as I finished thanking her, a leather gag was shoved into my mouth and
snapped onto the hood...........

She squeezed my balls and gently stroked my cock until I was fully erect once
again.  She ran her hands all over my body until I was beside myself with the
desire to cum.  Playing with my nipples lightly, she gradually increased the
pressure, pulling up and away until I was making unintelligible sounds from
behind the gag. Turning me around once more,  she forced my head to the floor
and used the leash to pull my ass high into the air before her. Just when I
thought my balls would be separated from my body, she stopped and placed both of
her heels on my ass cheeks, separating the twin globes with the soles of her
shoes, opening  up my anus for her inspection.  She kept me like this for a long
time,  obviously discussing something with Mistress P,  using the toe of her
shoe on my balls from time to time.

It was almost too much.  I could orgasm at any time.   My cock was hard, my
balls full, my nipples aching, my nose  full of their perfume, my ass open for
their perusal..............

Suddenly, I felt her shoes leave my ass,  the scratch marks  suddenly open to
the air.  Then she spanked me. Once......Twice.......Three times........A
fourth..................

I groaned behind the gag.........and waited............ Suddenly I felt a
white-hot searing stroke delivered across both cheeks.  It felt like a thin
stick of some kind and she literally  moved me across the room with her force. 
I waited for another... and waited......and waited......wriggling my ass in
invitation...... and waited......and waited......I felt her hand gently trace
the  welt on my ass and I trembled, shivered in anticipation.........

She removed her hand and I remained in position for some time, trying to
anticipate the next blow....................

......but it never came.  Instead, I felt the same cool wave of  perfumed air
sweep across my body and I realized that she  had left the room.......I had
wanted more.......disappointment... ...disillusionment.........a sore ass to
remind me................ I felt abused, used, and humiliated before this
strange woman who I hardly even spoke to.  My eyes teared behind the hood...

Mistress P grabbed my collar and pulled me up to my knees. She removed the gag
and blindfold and gave me a glass of water. I sipped slowly, suddenly able to
see her beauty once more. She looked gorgeous in the outfit I had selected for
her.    She signaled me to stand with a thumbs-up gesture. I stood,  relieved to
be able to take the pressure off my knees. Removing the two leashes, she
motioned over to the bed. I shuffled over and laid down on my back, my cock
pointing straight up, my balls swollen, my wrists still connected to my thighs,
unable to aid in the release I so desperately wanted.. She stared straight at me
as I watched her remove the dress and camisole.  Turning around, she bent over
and slid the gold panties slowly down, teasing me with her movements and  making
me squirm with anticipation.  I could feel my hot ass against the cool sheets,
the single welt reminding me of the power of Mistress M.  Placing the panties
over my nose and mouth,  she grabbed my balls and squeezed hard.  My lungs
immediately filled with the fragrant aroma of female arousal, and I would have
orgasmed except for the strong grip on my genitals.  She repeated this until I
thought I would pass out from sensory overload.

Throwing the panties aside, she moved to a kneeling position just above my hood,
facing my feet.  I could see her beautiful  pussy just a few inches away and
could feel the heat emanating from her as she slowly
descended.............................

I knew better that to reach for her with my tongue, but I  couldn't stop,  and
my oral muscle stretched upwards, longing for the opportunity to please
her..........

As soon as my tongue came in contact with her femininity I knew that I had
pleased her tonight and that she, too, had become aroused with the scenario. 
Her pussy was very hot and very wet as she impaled herself on my slave tongue
and settled her tiny rosebud directly on my nose.  She wriggled around, getting
a better seal on my face, as I began to run my tongue in circles inside her
pussy.   As soon as she was fully seated I felt the sharp sting of the penis
whip on my cock and balls.  Maintaining a steady rhythm with the instrument, she
re-established HER dominance,  making me associate the pleasure of serving her
pussy with the pain of submission, forcing me up both sides of the peak at the
same time toward the ultimate precipice where pain and pleasure merge into a
searing, mind-bending cataclysm.

She was controlling me, and I was being used for her pleasure. I was in heaven,
finally allowed to please her, trying not to make her orgasm but simply reacting
to her needs. When she thought I needed to breathe, she would lift all the  way
off my face,  bracing herself on my chest, and twist  and pull my erect nipples
unmercifully...........

I would groan.......and stretch for her with my tongue..... When she was ready
she would drop straight down again, plunging me once more into her femaleness,
using me as her submissive pussy slave,  driving me deeper and  deeper into the
core of her being and capturing my heart and soul forever........making me
hers............. And once again I would feel her pleasure through the ends of
the little whip........................

On and on she went, squirming and twisting, up and down, pinching and whipping,
deriving her pleasure from my  desire to please her through the pain...........

I wanted to take her over the top, but she wouldn't allow me to worship her
clitoris for very long.  When she got too close, her pussy would leave my face,
the whipping would stop and my nipples would merit her attention.........

She was keeping herself right on the brink...but why?

Suddenly she sat up and turned around facing me,  then slid lower and lower
towards my rampant cock as she looked into my wide eyes and watched me lick my
lips clean of her essence.  She squeezed my balls again and then removed the
cock strap from my genitals.  I gasped with the ability to breathe freely once
again and watched as she gently stroked my suddenly waning erection back to
life.  I was hoping......praying.......thrusting my hips..... .....trying to let
her know I would do ANYTHING to be allowed to enter HER.......I cried
out.......the sound coming more from my mind than my throat...."Please, Mistress
P!"

A little smirk crossed her lips as she positioned herself over my maleness and
guided it slowly into her molten core ......

One inch......two.....................AAAARGH! I moaned in ecstasy as she
continued her assault on my engorged cock, the methodical torture only reminding
me that I was not to cum until commanded.........

Three inches.......four.......five......UUNNNNNNNGH! I groaned.........hoping
for the strength to stave off the  inevitable.........Looking into her eyes I
saw something different........something new.............she was almost scowling
at me, daring me to erupt within her, making me very afraid of the consequences
if I did................

That smoldering look allowed me to refrain when she  suddenly forced the rest of
my erection deep into her pussy. God, she was on fire.  I was on fire.  I was
hoping she would find her release soon because I couldn't hold on much longer.

She began to move up and down slowly, squeezing her inner muscles when she was
fully seated,  enjoying her ride on my rock hard organ.  My head was twisting
from side to side and unintelligible sounds were coming from my abused
mouth.....

.............OOOO.......AAAAHHHHHH.......EEEEIIIIIIII

Sensing the point of no return, my Mistress suddenly held  her palms wide open
in front of my face...........Ten? My eyes opened wider when I grasped her
devious message. Her hands fell to my nipples, twisting them into erection.....
She held up her hands again.....this time only nine........... I knew now what
she wanted.......................................... Again her hands fell to my
erect points, abusing them...... Nine!....I thought to
myself...................AAAARRRGGGHH! She knew I understood now and just kept
her hands in place. I tried to remain still as she continued her assault on my
body and mind.......Eight.......Seven.......Six..........Five........... Now my
hips were bucking, trying to dismount her........... A smile came to her
face.........then a steely glare.............
Four.......Three..........Two........OHMYGOD!................ONE!!!

AAAAARRRRRGGGHHHHH............

I erupted in glorious orgasm, my throbbing cock spewing forth its contents in a
fountain.....my hips bucking higher and higher. She rode me into oblivion,
keeping my erect and abused nipples in her hands as the waves of pleasure and
pain swept over me.

She caressed my nipples with her palms, causing yet another small spasm to burst
from my still hard cock.................

............"Thank you, Mistress"................................

Mistress P then placed a finger on my lips........I was silent......

She began the slow journey up my bound and abused body, her soaking wet crotch
leaving a trail of juices up my stomach and across my chest before finding its
rightful place just above my eager face......dripping......hot........she was
ready for hers.........

Placing her hands behind my hooded face, she watched me reach for her with my
tongue before she slammed herself down, claiming me for her own,  raping my
face, forcing me to bring her to climax while consuming my own
ejaculate..................I gagged...........

I swallowed.  I continued sucking her sweet lips and flicking her erect clitoris
with the tip of my tongue...............I soon found her special place and
continued unabated until she was trembling, quivering, 
moaning........Oh......Oh.....Oh.........OOOHHHHHHHHH!

I continued to lick slowly, savoring our combined fluids, serenely happy in my
bondage and proud of my submission,  in love with her more than
ever............." I love you Mistress P"...........

"Thank you, slave".................my eyes were moist............

I remember her slumping forward over me and onto the bed........

I don't remember her removing my hood and bonds.................

I slept forever..................and when the sunlight started to stream through
the windows and warm the room, I awoke with the covers over me..........it was 9
AM.......and she was gone....................

Then I saw the note on her pillow..................

Dear slave p,

	I thoroughly enjoyed my pleasure at your expense 	last night.  You
honored me with your submission 	to both Myself and Mistress M.  She has
informed 	me that you passed her inspection and that she 	would be happy
to have you entertain her today.

	She will call you at noon with instructions........ 	I will see you
this evening..............................

	Do not disappoint me today, slave. 	Obey Mistress M as you would
obey ME!

			MP

I couldn't believe my eyes...............or my hardening cock!

Jumping out of bed, I went into the bathroom and started to prepare myself for
the day ahead.....................................

		End of Part 2 - The Meeting




Appointment in Seattle

Part Three -  The Appointment

I slept forever..................and when the sunlight started to stream
through the windows and warm the room, I awoke with the covers
over me..........it was 9 AM.......and she was gone....................

Then I saw the note on her pillow..................

Dear slave p,

	I thoroughly enjoyed my pleasure at your expense
	last night.  You honored me with your submission
	to both Myself and Mistress M.  She has informed
	me that you passed her inspection and that she
	would be happy to have you entertain her today.

	She will call you at noon with instructions........
	I will see you this evening..............................

	Do not disappoint me today, slave.
	Obey Mistress M as you would obey ME!

			MP

I couldn't believe my eyes...............or my hardening cock!

Jumping out of bed, I went into the bathroom and started to prepare myself for
the day ahead.....................................

The long, hot invigorating shower was just what I needed, not only to bring me
back to life, but also to  remind me of the prior evening's events.  Although my
balls were a little sore, it was nothing compared to  the single raised welt
across my ass.  Rubbing my hands over it sent delicious shivers up my spine and 
reminded me of the pain I felt when Mistress M administered it.

But I was beside myself with glee, knowing that I had pleased my Mistress and
very excited that I would be  visiting Mistress M today.

As I was drying myself I could see that Mistress P's initials had faded but were
still barely visible on my ass cheeks.

I didn't notice until I came out of the bathroom that all of Mistress P's
belongings were gone.........................

Opening up my suitcase, I was surprised to see those gold silk panties.....I
picked them up and inhaled her  fragrance, reminding  me once again of
her.....and then I saw the note.......

	Very good.  I'm sure you can smell Me, slave. 	Wear them today for your
visit to Mistress M. 		- MP

I was surprised because I had never done this before,  although I must admit
that the thought had crossed my mind.  Stepping into them and pulling them up
caused me to become fully erect, only to find that now I could not fit into
them.  Only when my erection had subsided was I able to stuff myself inside,
only to find that the silky  fabric massaged me back to hardness.  Diabolical!

I threw on some casual clothes and went down to the restaurant for some
breakfast and coffee.

Just breakfast and coffee.  A little caffeine and some sustenance for the day
ahead.  Just breakfast and coffee.  But that's not all I got at that
restaurant.....

What I wasn't prepared for was the intense mood of introspection that came over
me, sitting alone wearing my wife's underwear, balanced precariously on that
single angry welt.  If Mistress M had given me two, I could have played one
against the other.  But no,  she must have wanted all my fears and fantasies to
be concentrated in that one badge of submission.  The mental image of myself,
naked and bound before two mistresses, waving my abused ass like a moving
target, inviting another vicious blow, caused my cock to bulge and my nipples to
harden by themselves.

I wondered what the two women had discussed over drinks in the lounge and over
my body later in the room. Had they agreed on some sort of plan for my
debasement? Had they orchestrated this entire scenario together? Had they gotten
along well, or had they simply bargained on how much abuse my body and mind
could take? Just how sadistic was this beautiful blonde mistress who had marked
me? Would I live up to her expectations? Would I have a choice? How would I feel
the next time I saw my wife? How much of my fantasy life had my wife divulged to
her? Had my wife asked Mistress M to do anything in particular? Had Mistress M
asked my wife to do anything in particular?

I went through the whole gamut of emotions in that little restaurant, trying to
eat my breakfast. The love for my wife.  The desire to submit to Mistress M. The
fear of submitting.  The excitement of not being in control.  The fear of being
controlled.  The respect for both of these women.  The fear of being rejected by
them.

I was snapped out of my thoughts by the waitress...... "Here's your bill.  You
can pay the cashier.  Thanks" She walked away.......turned......"Oh...nice
pants!" I probably turned bright red........I felt the blood rush to my head as
I looked down quickly................ No heel marks this time, but the bulge was
obvious....

I paid the bill and walked out into the street for some fresh air..........it
was 10:30 AM..........

I decided to kill some time by looking for gifts for the two ladies.  Finding a
florist shop, I purchased a single white rose for Mistress M. then continued
down the street until  I saw a lingerie shop.  Thinking that I should replace
the  garment that I was now wearing, I went inside and found a  beautiful pair
made of green silk.  To say that I was self- conscious in there would be a gross
understatement. I paid for them quickly and walked back to the hotel.

It was 11AM now, and my heart was racing as I anticipated the phone call from
Mistress M.  I went back to my room, cleaned up, packed my bags, and sat down to
relax.

I closed my eyes and my mind opened up to what lay in store for me today at the
hands of Mistress M.  I must have dozed off because I couldn't get to the
telephone until after the second ring........................

"Hello?" "Greetings, slave.  Do you know who this is?" "Yes, Mistress M." "Very
good.  Do you understand that Mistress P has offered you up to me for the rest
of the day?" ..... I gulped..... "Yes, Mistress M." "Are you prepared to
entertain me, slave?" "Yes, Mistress M." "Good. Check out of the hotel and go to
the valet parking area.  I have sent a car for you.  The driver will know your
name.  Get in the car and follow the instructions you are given.  I will expect
you in 60 minutes.  Oh, and by the way slave, I am feeling extremely testy
today.  I think I can use your company.  Think submissive........"

....click......the phone went dead..............

My god, it was really going to happen.  My heart was  pounding, my cock
throbbing within its silky prison, and my mouth was dry.......

I grabbed my bags and gifts and rushed downstairs into the lobby, checked out
quickly and went to the valet parking.

A gleaming black car pulled up and a very beautiful woman got out of the
driver's seat.  Dressed like a chauffeur, she seemed very self-assured as she
strode directly toward me. Staring into my eyes she said one word........"p?" I
nodded.  "M is expecting you", she said.  "Let's go!" I put the bags in the
trunk and we took off, driving away from the city and through the green rolling
foothills.

She finally broke the silence.........."Slave !!" Startled, I simply said 
"Yes?" "That's Mistress O, to you, slave.  Read this" She handed me an envelope
with my initial on it. Ripping it open, I found the following note:

	Slave p, 	O is your chauffeur.  	Remove all of your clothes
except the underwear 	and place them in the bag next to you on the seat. 	
When you are done, hand this note back to O. 	Follow her instructions. 	
She will prepare you for Me. 		Mistress M

I could see her watching me in the rear view mirror as I set  about the task of
undressing in the back seat of the car. After I finished and stored the clothes
in the bag, I reached forward and handed her the note.  She grabbed it out of my
hand and threw something back at me.  "Put those on" Inside the bag I found a
hasp collar and a set of leather cuffs.   I had just begun to put the collar on
she made a sharp turn and screeched to a stop.  Getting out of the driver's
seat, she opened my door and commanded me......."Get out!!" I complied, wearing
nothing but my wife's silk panties, still holding the restraints...........

Grabbing them from me, she tightened the collar around my neck and locked it,
then fastened the cuffs around each of my wrists.   "On your knees, slave".   I
complied immediately, looking up at her curiously.  I could see anger in her
eyes.... She fastened the wrist cuffs together behind my back, then moved in
front of me. "When I give you an order, slave, you are to respond properly and
immediately......do you understand, slave ?" "Yes, Mistress O.  I am sorry,
Mistress O" "Kiss my boot, slave".   "Yes, Mistress O".  I leaned forward toward
the black leather and placed a single kiss upon the toe. "Stay", she said as she
moved behind me. "Yes, Mistress O"........I was scared now......who was she?
"Get your ass in the air, slave, NOW!" "Yes, Mistress O"..I did as best as I
could, under the circumstances.....my face still on the  ground......looking
behind me I watched with horror as she stepped back, measured her step, and then
brought the top of her boot smashing into my raised ass.  It was all I could do
to keep from crying out................. I didn't want another from her and I
didn't want to displease either her or Mistress M. "Do not forget this lesson,
slave" "Yes, Mistress O. Thank you, Mistress O" "Get in the car, slave" "Yes,
Mistress O.  I climbed back in and we resumed the ride in silence, although I
was very attentive to her smoldering glare in the mirror, ready to respond to
her immediately if necessary.

We finally turned down a long driveway lined with tall trees and cruised up to a
large house with a circular driveway.  Passing by the main entrance, Mistress O
turned and drove into an attached garage.  She parked and closed the door 
behind us, pressing a button on her visor.

"Get out slave" "Yes, Mistress O."  I shuffled my body over to the driver's side
of the car just as she opened the door.  I swung my legs out and stood up before
her.  She took a leash and attached it to my collar, then led me through the
garage, down a long carpeted hall, and into a small room that was simply marked
"A".

For all intents and purposes, the room was a doctor's examination room, complete
with a sink, commode, bath, examination table, etc. She removed the panties and
then led me over to the table and forced me to lean over it face down. She 
removed the cuffs only to attach them to the sides of the table, then opened a
drawer and tied my ankles to  the base, leaving me spread out and tied securely.

I tried to relax and prepare myself, remembering that Mistress M had ordered me
to obey Mistress O, and that Mistress P had told me to obey Mistress M.  What
had I gotten myself into?

Mistress O opened a drawer and walked over to the top of the table, near my
head.  She ceremoniously placed a black butt plug right in front of my
eyes........which opened wide at the sight......

"Don't worry, slave.  I am going to prepare you first" "Yes, Mistress O".  My
tone was one of resignation........... She lubricated my rectum gently and
inserted a single finger, then  slipped in something small and plastic.........a
click.......then I felt my insides begin to swell from the warm water..........
She knew it was my first time and probably took it easy on me, although when I
heard the next click I was very full.......... She talked me through it, rubbing
my back and stomach muscles, telling me .....only a few minutes more......over
and over again. When she finally released me I was quivering and shaking with
the desire to expel the enema.........which I did with reddened face as she
watched.  After cleaning myself, she pulled me back over to the bench and soon
had me on my back, my hands tied above my head.  She then attached chains from
the  ceiling to my ankle cuffs, pulling my legs straight up and wide apart and
raising my ass just off the table.  She placed the gold panties over my face and
left me alone with my thoughts......

After a few minutes she returned and washed my pubic area and ass, then set
about the task of shaving me clean.  While she was working,  she asked about the
rose and the green panties she had found in my  belongings and I explained who
they were for.  When she had rinsed me, she applied some sort of lubricant to my
asshole with her fingers. Working first one, then two oily digits deep inside,
she massaged the inner walls until my anus relaxed and opened up.  Grabbing my
hard cock to keep me still, she began teasing the opening with the butt plug,
twisting and inserting, withdrawing and thrusting, until the largest part was
almost in.  By this time I was pleading for the rest, trying to seat myself on
the toy, but she  continued the delicious torture until my sphincter was totally
loose.  When she finally pushed the plug home, I could feel myself close around
the  bulb, firmly seating it inside me, a small drop of pre-cum oozing from the
tip of my cock.

"Very good, slave", she said, walking around me. "Thank you, Mistress O", I
replied breathlessly, suddenly aware that she was naked from the waist down.
"This is how you will thank me, slave"....and she suddenly jumped onto the table
and sat on my face,   forcing my tongue into her shaved cunt.  I obeyed her,
tonguing quickly, realizing at once that she had a ring inserted in each
labia........I sucked and flicked.....she rode and rode.......until I managed to
send her over the edge in ecstasy.......

"Very good, slave", she said breathlessly, as she dismounted. "Thank you,
Mistress O for letting me serve you", I replied.

She laughed a wicked little laugh and then freed me from the table. Making me
stand before her, she removed the collar and fitted me with an intricate leather
harness, connected by rings and buckles. She locked the collar around my neck
and then connected the  straps around my ribcage.  The crotch strap had a large
ring in it which was soon passed over my raging cock and balls, forcing them out
and away from my groin.  The end of the strap was then passed through two slots
in the butt plug, pulled tight and buckled behind me.

Mistress O then forced me to my knees and placed a leather blindfold over my
eyes.  She made me spread  my knees wide and locked the wrist cuffs to the back
of my collar.  This, she told me, was the way in which  I was to be when I
greeted Mistress M.  "Yes, Mistress O", I responded. I could hear her changing
clothes as I knelt there, harnessed and plugged.  Every move I made seemed to 
cause the butt plug to shift inside of me, sending delicious waves of sensation
into my erect cock and up to  my nipples.  I could feel that the time was
near......soon I would be before Her............

I heard the click of the leash being attached to my collar and soon  I was being
slowly out of the room, still on my knees with my hands attached to my collar,
my stiff erection bobbing and waving with each movement, the butt plug forcing
itself in and out with the rhythmic motion of walking on my knees.  We traveled
a short distance down  the hall and then went through a series of doors.

Mistress O stopped me and leaned down to my ear, whispering....... "Position,
slave".  "Yes, Mistress,O", I whispered back, spreading my knees wide.  She
removed the blindfold and placed the white rose I had purchased for Mistress M 
between my teeth.   My eyes began to focus on the surroundings...........

I was on a long red carpet which led to a platform raised about a foot off the
floor.  There, sitting in a large wingback chair, was a beautiful blonde woman
dressed head to toe in shiny black leather.  Her legs were encased in black
leather high heel  boots and she was holding a riding crop above her crossed
legs.  Small lights illuminated her throne, but everything else in the room on
both sides of the carpet was pitch black.  I stayed in position for  some time
before the first command was given......"Release him"

I recognized the voice at once....it was Mistress M.........

Mistress O unfastened my hands and removed the leash.

"Crawl to ME, slave!"

"Yes, Mistress M", I replied, and began the slow journey towards her throne,
reminded of the plug with  each movement.  As I approached her I caught glimpses
of many different types of apparatus on the sides  of the room, and I became
extremely excited at the thought of being in the presence of this magnificent 
domina.

What at last I had reached the platform, I stopped and looked into her eyes,
beholding her beautiful features  and those ruby red lips.

"Is that for me, slave?", she asked, pointing at the rose with her crop. "Yes,
Mistress M.", I mumbled through my lips. Reaching down, she took the rose and
inhaled its fragrance, then called Mistress O over, simply saying "O,  come over
here".

Mistress O walked down the carpet, then knelt in front of Mistress M. I was
astonished!  My eyes went wide when I realized that O was one of Mistress M's
femsubs.   "O,  you have prepared my slave well.  Take this rose and put it in a
small vase.  You may leave us now" "Thank you, Mistress M", the girl replied,
giving me a quick glance and a wicked smirk before she got up and walked out of
the room.

"Well now, slave.  Do you have anything to say before we begin?"

"Yes, Mistress M.  I am here to humbly offer you the gift of my submission. 
Please allow me to submit to your desires.  To please  you is to please Mistress
P.  I hope that you would use this gift as you see fit.  Thank you, Mistress M".

I leaned forward and kissed the toes of her boots, then placed myself back into
the position that Mistress O  had taught me. Mistress M used her riding crop to
toy with me.  She ran the end up the inside of each thigh, sending goose bumps
over my body.  She teased me with light taps to my cock, balls and nipples.  I
was so aroused that I was afraid of cumming without permission.  She ran the
crop up the inside of each arm, then had me turn around so that she could tease
my ass, back, and shoulder blades.  Then......

"Down on all fours, slave".  I complied immediately, my ass now  facing her. 
She ran the crop along the length of Her welt, sending shivers up my spine and
making me think that another angry cut was soon to come.  But it did not. 
Instead, she ran her hands  over my ass,  grabbing a handful here and there,
examining me.

"Slave, how did you get this bruise mark on your ass?.  It wasn't  there last
night.  Did Mistress P put it there?"

"N-n-n-n-n-No Mistress.  Mistress P did not do that, Mistress M" "Well then,
slave.  Answer Me!!!!" Her tone was harsher now. "M-m-m-m-m-Mistress O corrected
me for not addressing her properly, Mistress".  The confusion in my mind was
evident in my explanation.    "With her boot, Mistress M"

Mistress M said nothing.  She attached a leash to my collar, placed her crop in
my mouth, and pulled me  into the darkness in one corner of the room.  Things
went very quickly from then on.  I seemed to sense that  Mistress M was suddenly
very agitated and eager for the scene to progress.........

I was soon on my knees on a padded platform which had a set of stocks at one
end.  My head and wrists  were locked in the holes and my ankles were tied to
the back corners.  My stomach was resting on a small  support.  She secured me
to the bench with a large belt around my waist.  I was so aroused that I could
feel  the pre-cum oozing from my cock as my anus pulsed around the thick plug. 
Stepping in front of me, she  took her crop from my mouth and backed her leather
clad heart shaped ass into my face.  I kissed and  licked her there, all the
time slipping further into sub space...

Leaning down to my ear she whispered a word for me to use if I needed her to
stop.   Stepping behind me,  she now began to spank my ass in earnest.  She did
not start softly.  She wanted the color to rise quickly.    She covered my whole
ass, moving from cheek to cheek, up and down, until the heat was almost 
unbearable.  My eyes started to water,  my grunts were shrill, and still she
continued. When my grunts had turned into a constant moan,  she stopped and
walked around to my face.  Cupping my chin in her hands, she proceeded to stuff
Mistress P's gold silk  panties into my trembling mouth.  I started to realize
the game now.  She returned to my fiery ass and  stroked it gently, feeling the
heat, before she resumed the blows.  With the panties in my mouth, the pain 
became even more intense as she resumed fiercely.  I fought off the temptation
to use the code word for as  long as possible.  By the time I managed to spit
the panties from my mouth, my face was wet, my cock was  throbbing, and my ass
felt like it was no longer attached to me.

Choking, coughing, I managed to stammer ....................... "Mistress P,
Mistress P, Mistress P".......the blows stopped and Mistress M came around to my
face.  Lifting me by the chin, she looked into my eyes and said  "That was  for
Mistress P, slave!"

She brought her mouth up to my ear and whispered......... "I am going to give
you my safeword for the rest of the session. If you wish me to slow down, use
the word "gold". If you wish me to stop, use the words "gold panties". If am
going to let you cool down before I continue with you, slave. Do you understand,
slave?"

"Yes, Mistress M.",  I answered into her eyes.

She left me for a minute before returning and blindfolding me, sending me deeper
into the fantasy and  forcing me to concentrate on my throbbing ass cheeks.  She
took a cool towel and draped it over my  flaming posterior.  I heard her whisper
in my ear......... "I'll be back in ten minutes, slave.  Think
submissive........"

I could hear her heels as she left the room, closing the heavy door behind her
and bolting it shut.  I felt  strangely comfortable in the stocks with only my
thoughts to keep me company.  As I wondered what plans  she had for me, my
erection poked into my stomach and my anus pulsed around the plug.  The coolness
of  the towel was starting to wear off, and I began to feel the heat from the
spanking all over again.  I thought  about the night before, when Mistress P and
Mistress M had talked.....I wondered what else Mistress P had  asked Mistress M
to do to me?  My mind raced with the possibilities....... The ten minutes seemed
like an eternity as I waited..........

I was awakened from my thoughts by the sound of the door being  opened.  The
sound of Mistress M's  heels got louder and louder as she approached me.  I
thought I could hear something else in the  background,  like a chain being
dragged, and some sort of soft whimpering, but it was drowned out by the  noise
of the heels as they stopped right in front of my face.

The blindfold was removed and I could see once again the lovely vision of
Mistress M.  She was wearing a  black patent leather bustier, panties that were
laced in front, a garter belt and high heels.  A black latex  hood covered her
head and her hair was in a ponytail through the back.  I could smell her
perfume, a musky  fragrance filled with spice.  In one hand she held a coiled
whip which had numerous leather strands.  Her  other hand held the end of a
heavy chain............ She was a vision of female dominance....no one would be
able to resist her charms........or want to disobey  her ..................

She spoke.   "Slave, I am going to permit you to watch me punish one of my
female slaves ....she has  disobeyed my orders....and she has been
dishonest......she has portrayed herself as something other that  what she
is........and she is.......My slave.......behold.........slave O!"

With those words, Mistress M stepped aside and I could see the kneeling form of
a naked woman at the end  of the room.  She was assuming the same position I had
been taught earlier, hands behind her head, elbows  out, her heaving breasts
pointing right at me.  I could see that those gleaming rings in her pussy were 
connected to the other end of the chain which Mistress M was holding.  As she
took up the slack on the  chain,  O began to whimper, the realization of her
predicament becoming evident.  She struggled to maintain her  position as
Mistress M gradually pulled harder and harder.  The poor girl tried to push her
groin out to ease  the tension but it was no use.  When the chain had cleared
the floor for the entire length of the room,  Mistress M finally spoke
again...........

"Come here to Me, slut!"  O almost fell over when she began to approach on her
knees.  A sigh of relief  went through her as she passed over the slackened
chain and moved forward.  She must have done this  before, I thought to myself,
as I watched her start to tremble and whimper anew  as she was forced to drag
the instrument of torture behind her with her abused nether lips.  My cock was 
throbbing as I was treated to this depraved spectacle arranged by Mistress M.

The closer that O got to us, the more weight she was forced to pull behind her,
and the slower her progress  became......finally.....amid sobs and whimpers she
made the mistake of thinking out loud...... "Please, Mistress M.......no
more......Mistress M., please"

Mistress M jumped up and went to a nearby chest, grabbed a penis gag and went
right up to O, grabbed her  by the back of the hair and raised her mouth. 
Shoving in the gag, she buckled it quickly behind the  trembling girl's head. 
Tears were streaming from the slave's face as she watched Mistress M take a 
measured step to the side, slowly uncoiling the whip.  O made the mistake of not
trying to move forward  and seconds later the whip whistled through the air and
landed on her ass.  O got the message and started  once more to pull the chain
behind her and move towards me.  But Mistress M did not relent.   She continued
to apply the whip, first from one side, then the other, until the slave O had
managed to reach  me.  I could hear her muffled sobs from behind the gag as she
assisted in her own punishment. When her breasts were mere inches from my mouth,
I could see the  tears rolling down her face and onto her chest. Mistress M
applied the whip once more with great force and O's  erect nipple was shoved
into my open mouth.  I sucked her gently, trying to take her mind off the
ordeal,  feeling partially responsible for her predicament, savoring the salty
taste of her trembling flesh.

Mistress M removed the chain from O's rings, unlocked the wrist cuffs from her
collar and ordered her to  stand and spread her legs.  This placed her abused
pussy lips right in front of my eager mouth.  "Lick her, slave" came the
command.  I did. Happy to be able to please her again, I licked her very gently,
trying to soothe the pain with my wet tongue,  sucking the blood back into those
tortured lips.........then.......she was pulled away from me....... "No orgasm
for you, slut",  Mistress M spat at the girl.


			To be continued in AIS - part 4




Appointment in Seattle
Part 4

	
Dragging her away by the collar, Mistress M led O over to a hanging spreader bar
and attached her wrist  cuffs to the ends.  She pressed a button on the wall and
the bar began to ascend, lifting the slave onto her  tiptoes.  Her ankle cuffs
were attached to another spreader bar,  forcing her legs wide apart.  Mistress M 
then released me from the stocks and pulled me on wobbly legs over to O.  I soon
found myself restrained  in the same manner, each of us facing the other, no
more than three feet apart.  I tried to soothe the fear in  her eyes with a
little smile but when it wasn't returned I realized that she was trying to
prepare me for the  spectacle ahead.............................



Mistress M removed O's penis gag and attached a set of Japanese clover type
clips joined by a chain to her  nipples.  It was not long before I also felt the
bite of a similar set on my tender points.  Reaching down  beside her, Mistress
M picked up another chain which she clipped to the center of the chain between
my  nipples.  It hung down to below my crotch where it was attached to a small
leather pouch.  I stared down at  the contraption as O was adorned with a
similar chain.



Mistress M stood between our stretched bodies and reached out to our genitals
with her gloved hands.  She  stroked and squeezed my cock until I was bucking
with the desire to explode, all the while slipping her  other hand further and
further into O's wet pussy, rubbing the clitoris with her thumb.  Mistress M
then  spoke to us, her voice thick with the excitement of seeing two slaves
suffer for her,  her breasts rising with  the anticipation of what was to
come..........



"Listen to me slaves.  We are going to play a little game now.

It will entertain me to see who can suffer the most for the privilege of earning
an orgasm".  Releasing our  genitals, she placed a large bowl of steel ball
bearings on the floor and continued.......



"Both of you will now be whipped.  I will alternate between each of you and you
may request any number  of strokes each session.

You will count the strokes. If you do so properly, you will be given one ball
for each stroke you have taken.   If you fail to count properly, I will start
over.  If you cannot take any more, then you may use your slow  code, but you
will lose the game. The winner will be the slave who earns the most steel balls,
and will be  allowed to achieve orgasm.  The loser will not be treated so
nicely........."



And so we began the insidious endurance test before our magnificent Mistress M. 
Retrieving a leather  split-end slapper from her toy chest,

she circled our apprehensive bodies with a gleam in her eye, relishing

the torment she was about to inflict on our minds, bodies and souls...



"Who wants to go first?" she asked cheerily.......silence......then...

O beat me to the punch....."Me, please, Mistress"

"What do you bid, slut?"......the gauntlet had been thrown down.....

"Ten please, Mistress".......and the sound of leather on flesh filled the room
immediately....she kept count  properly.....all the way through those loud
painful strokes......then....."Thank you, Mistress"......

......she hung her head down in supplication awaiting her reward....

"Your reward, O" Mistress M said as she opened the small pouch and dropped ten
steel balls into it.  O's  head snapped back with the sensation imparted to her
nipples, the weight a proud but painful reminder of  her submission.



Mistress M turned towards me now......"What will it be slave?"

"Ten please, Mistress", I responded, wanting to maintain the pace.

I was not prepared for the leather crashing into my red ass.  I gasped, twisted,
turned and tried to evade the  next blow.  But it was futile, and Mistress M
brought the instrument down harder on my other cheek.  I  realized my mistake
immediately, and began to count the blows properly....."One, Mistress"......she 
smiled...."you wouldn't want to disappoint me, would you slave?"......"No
Mistress".........

........and the third blow fell across my flaming ass, sending the butt plug
even deeper into my  rectum....Somehow I managed to work through the pain,
knowing all the time that I would displease two  Mistresses if I disappointed
one.....finally....................................

"Ten, thank you, Mistress"......I was one with O.....and soon I felt the
sensation of my nipples being pulled  downward with the weight of those steel
balls.  I quickly realized my lapse in judgment....

I should have asked for more to keep the pressure on O.........



As the weighted pouch pulled on my nipple clips, they actually tightened even
more.  I quickly realized that  the actual whipping was going to be a pleasant
diversion from the painful ordeal of watching and waiting  for Mistress M
administer to O, although the sight of the beautiful slave suffering under the
whip was  extremely arousing...



"Ten, please Mistress", O softly requested..........

Watching her try and maintain her composure through Mistress M's strokes,  it
was like I was receiving  them myself......only double.....for I knew that soon
it would be my turn again......perhaps she was taking it  easy on me...only
asking for ten.........maybe she thought that I was close to forfeiting the
game.............and  that she could win with a minimum of punishment........I
resolved to test her............

The look on O's face was one of pride when she had thanked Mistress M for the
last stroke......and one of  sweet agony when she felt the strain of another ten
steel balls on her distended nipples as Mistress M added  them one by one with
sadistic glee.............

But she kept her head up, staring straight at me, challenging........



I suddenly remembered being on my knees outside the car, raising my ass and
receiving that solid kick  from her.............



"Well, slave?"  ...Mistress M's voice interrupted my thought....

"Twenty five, please Mistress" ......I felt stronger now, sinking deeper and
deeper into the feeling of submission, the power of pain and pleasure.......I
watched O's eyes widen  with horror as Mistress M lit into my tortured ass with
renewed enthusiasm.  She seemed excited that we were getting deeper into her 
mind games.........

I managed to take all of those vicious blows without crying out, my  nipples
aching proudly for my Mistress.  Realizing that the pressure  was less if I
stayed still, my blazing ass was a rigid target for her.  I was not prepared for
the steel balls, however.

Opening the pouch, Mistress M filled it with five at a time, watching my
contorted face with amusement and delight..... She was truly enjoying her
sadistic game, and I became more  determined to achieve that long sought for
orgasm.........


I watched her walk slowly over to trembling O and ask......... "Well, my pretty
little masochist.......what do you say?" She was fifteen strokes behind, I
calculated quickly.........

"Twenty, please, Mistress" she cried softly, the sobs only adding to the
pressure on her nipples............



Mistress M stroked the girls face until she calmed down, then went to get
another whip.  When she returned with the braided cat and held  it in front of
O's face, the whimpers started anew, my rampant cock twitched, and a thin trail
of pre-cum  started dripping toward the floor.

Grunting and moaning to help absorb the pain, I watched Mistress M take her
gloved finger and push it between those rings and deep into O's moist pussy. 
When she was bucking with pleasure, Mistress M removed her wet finger and pushed
it deep into my mouth, making me suck it clean.  I could taste O again and I
almost ejaculated.  Grabbing by cock, she squeezed the base
hard....................... "Do not cum, slave !!!"  The command helped me hold
back, the  pleasure of her touch allowing some respite from the intense pain....
I watched her catch the thin trail in the palm of her other glove......  
Releasing my cock, she placed her wet glove in front on O's face.... "Lick,
slave.  Clean my glove......" O started to moan with the opportunity to
concentrate on something other than the pain........When she had finished
licking, Mistress M stood to her side and asked once more.......................
"How many strokes of the cat will you take for me, slut?" "Sixteen, please
Mistress", she answered........... Barely enough to take the lead, I thought to
myself as Mistress M drew the vicious whip back, waited, then brought it down
lightly across the slave's abused ass...........too easy, I thought.....then...
I began to feel the pain consume my body......my dilated asshole.... my
distended and weighted nipples......my whipped ass............... My head hung
down as I surrendered to the multiple sensations.... No longer watching O but
simply awaiting my turn............... I listened to the whipping, the whimpers,
the groans, the cries of  sublimation coming from the poor O........I lost count
of the strokes as they seemed to come in a steady rhythm......then they
stopped......

I lifted my head to see Mistress M caressing O's ass checks with one hand while
adding the fruits of her  labor to the bulging pouch, one at a time........O was
gasping in her desire to bear the punishment..........

She was fine until Mistress M turned to my strained face, lifted my chin and
asked  "Well, slave....It's your turn now......how many of those strokes can you
take for me?"  Her  eyes were alive, tiny darts of gleaming excitement, and
there was a light sheen of perspiration over her face and
chest......................I moaned aloud...........

"Sixteen, please, Mistress"....It was more a question than an answer. O screamed
with the thought of carrying that weight through another sixteen strokes, along
with the realization that she would then still have to request more from
Mistress M in order to outlast me.......... .....although I was not sure that I
could take those blows........... But I didn't have much time to wonder about
that.  When I felt the sting of that dreaded cat across my flaming ass, I
screamed out loud.....a piercing guttural scream that helped me  prepare myself
for the  remaining blows.  I could not keep still, and the movement only caused
the pressure on my nipples to  increase tremendously...... Mistress M must have
known the end was near because she did not wait for me to stop moving before 
landing another explosion.......... I screamed again, louder this
time....AAAAAAAHHHHHHH! ....and the moaning became a duet........both of us were
on the verge...neither wished to lose........Mistress  M's was smiling, her eyes
observing her two slaves intensely ..........then ...... She drew the whip back
again...........I waited for the pain.............. ......my ass feeling
numb..........I waited............she WAS sadistic....

And I heard a faint voice........."silver....silver....silver.....Mistress M"

The last stroke came crashing into my ass, sending a flash of light across my
closed eyes....I could only jerk  around in my bonds......

I opened my eyes just in time to see Mistress M grab both of O's nipple clips. 
With a nasty smirk on her  face,  she looked at me and released them at the same
time.......O's head rolled back and she let out a long,  piercing primal scream
as the pressure was released and the blood began to flow back into her abused 
nipples........... It was too much for her bladder........she peed all over the
floor, and  when the stream finally subsided she simply hung her head on her
chest in humiliation and moaned.................."I'm sorry, Mistress M"
Mistress M flicked each of her nipples as punishment, then turned towards my
writhing body.................

I closed my eyes and tried to allow my mind and body to accept the pain that
would soon be mine.........I felt Mistress M touch the clips and, in an instant,
they were gone........I screamed through pursed lips and thrust my chest out for
a tender  touch........It came........ Mistress M caressed those abused organs
with her palms until the blood returned and the pain started to
subside.........................

A feeling of pride overwhelmed me as I realized that I had won the game.  The
desire to experience  pleasure through orgasm was tempered by the desire to
remain on the razor's edge forever....to continue to  be stimulated at the whim
of the clever Mistress M. My thoughts turned to the bond that now existed
between myself and O, and I felt her pain through  mine.....I watched as my
compatriot was released from the chains which bound her, dropping onto her 
hands and knees over the humiliating puddle of her secretions.......

Mistress M retrieved her riding crop and placed the tip under O's chin, raising
her face............staring into  the slave's worried eyes, she studied
her.....just silence............time stood still............... O was
defiant.......for a while......then she averted her eyes...... "Well, O, it
seems that you have not only lost the game, but you have humiliated yourself in
the  process....let's see....what shall I have you do
now?........Hmmmmm.............Position, slave !!!   NOW!"

O rose on her knees and assumed the presentation position, her hands behind her
head, knees apart, her  naked, tear-streaked, sweaty and abused body on display. 
Mistress M fastened O's hands to her collar and  moved beside me.  Another drop
of pre-cum seeped from the end of my twitching cock as Mistress M  squeezed my
balls tightly, calling to O in an ominous tone......"Come here, slut. It's time
to pay the  piper......."

When O was directly in front of my crotch, Mistress M tapped her chin with the
crop and O's mouth opened  wide, her tongue hanging out...... She held the
position for a little while as my cock grew harder and harder with the
offering....Mistress M  then tapped O's pussy with the crop and the slave leaned
all the way back and spread her legs wide.....Jesus.... I got a good look at her
pierced lips and wide open wet cunt.......then... Mistress M rapped her once
more O struggled to turn over, raising her  gorgeous ass into the air before
me........it was almost too much...... I could see her little brown wrinkled
hole as Mistress M pulled her cheeks apart...................

"Which hole would you like, slave p?"......my mouth was dry and the decision was
difficult....but I felt  compassion for her....and respect... I wouldn't take
her ass unless commanded to do so............... "Her mouth, Mistress M".......I
replied excitedly......................... "Her mouth it is then,
slave"....."Thank you, Mistress M" "You heard him, O.......get up and get on
with it......" I heard a sobbed "Yes, Mistress M" as O struggled to her
knees....

   O shuffled over until her face was directly in front of my dripping cock. 
"CLOSER. And OPEN your slut  mouth WIDE !" O shifted again and opened her mouth
directly below my erection. "Tongue out, slave", Mistress M was orchestrating
slowly........ With another squeeze of my balls, a drop of clear fluid rolled
off the end of my glans and dropped onto the  tongue of the straining O... O's
quivering tongue remained outstretched until Mistress M gave the
command......."Swallow"......and O  tasted my essence once again. Mistress M
spoke again...."O, you are going to suck this slave's cock  until he
comes.....you will follow my directions at all times.... ....and when he comes,
you will swallow it all..........or else!"

Chained as I was, I could not see the reaction in O's eyes as the command was
given but I could feel her  swollen lips surround my throbbing cock as Mistress
M grabbed her hair and pulled her forward.  And so the long journey toward 
release began, although I had a feeling that Mistress M would not make it too
easy for me.  Trying to force  more of myself into O's mouth only caused
Mistress M to pull her away.  I hung there in submission to this Mistress,
allowing the delicious sensations to build, a pawn in her  decadent scenario.

She controlled the action, pushing and pulling her slaves, willing  instruments
for her entertainment.  I found that if I stayed very still, Mistress M would
force my cock deep into O's straining mouth.  If I lunged forward, she would
pull O back  at the same pace, causing the frustration level to rise and me to
wonder if I would ever be allowed to cum.   Only when we were both moving as
extensions of her hands did I start to feel the onslaught of an intense
explosion.

Mistress M reached behind me and grabbed the butt plug strap which separated my
reddened ass.  She  pushed firmly on the plug while she pulled O's abused mouth
over the length of my throbbing erection. I could feet my heartbeat in my anus
as she held her hand wide open in front of my face, out of O's 
sight.........ohmygod.......is that........five? She nodded her head slowly as
she realized that I understood.... My thoughts turned to the prior evening and
Mistress P.......had they discussed this?.....during or after the  meeting in
the lounge?   I felt the plug massage my ass once more as O's mouth engulfed me
up to the balls.......AAAAAHHH......I wondered if she knew...... No, she
couldn't.....I thought to myself as she sucked me on the outstroke..........only
three more.......I  wanted to erupt right now into this unprepared
succubus........ohmygod.......another push into that soft  cavern of
submissiveness, those lips wrapped tightly around my pulsing 
muscle.........OOOOOOHHHHHH.............she must feel me twitching inside
her........two more......and she  sucked my length as she was pulled
away......one more..... exquisite pleasure at the whim of my Mistress  .......I
was quivering on the edge.....and Mistress M kept us impaled together for a long
time.........and then  we were forced slowly and completely apart, the spittle
drooling off her tongue, my cock throbbing with  the anticipation of obeying her
command with the final thrust......... ....and then we were one,  tools of a
dominatrix brought together in an explosion of lust and 
submission.................. ...AAAAAARRRRGGGGHHHH........the plug seemed an
extension of my cock as Mistress M forced us  together, holding O's hair
tightly. I erupted in that soft, sucking mouth, all of my seed blasting from one
slave to another.......and I kept  coming and coming as Mistress M continued to
work the plug in and out, massaging my prostate gland.

I stayed hard in O's mouth for a long time as she continued to suck me dry,
striving to obey her Mistress.   When my cock began to soften,  Mistress M
pulled O away and lifted her by the chin, forcing her to look  up at me and
swallow at the same time................... I heard her gulp....and I saw......a
trickle of semen on the corner of her mouth.......Mistress M used my  tumescent
cock to push the fluid back into O's mouth............she continued to wipe my
wetness over the lips  of her slave until O had managed to clean me completely.

I hung there in a state of satiated submission as Mistress M released O's hands
from her collar, told her to  clean herself and her mess up,  then present
herself in position at the base of the throne.  As O crawled off  to do her
bidding, Mistress M released me from the spreader bars and I fell to my hands
and knees at her  feet, kissing her shoes,  expressing my appreciation for her
dominance and my release.

She allowed me to worship her for a few minutes before pulling me by the collar
toward her throne on the  platform.  She ordered me into the presentation
position and once more I was displayed before her.  Taking  her gloves off, she
spread her legs wide, undid the crotch of her panties and began to caress
herself, rubbing  her lips, inserting her fingers, transferring the moisture
onto her clitoris........I felt proud that we had  aroused her with our duet of
pain.............and my cock rose steadily again.....I was fixated on 
her......watching her take her own pleasure was a torture in and of
itself.........but I remained in position,  aware that I was being granted a
rare privilege.......................

"Suck, slave" was all she said as she allowed me to lick and suck her wet
fingers........my now rampant cock  twitched as I tasted the tangy juices of her
arousal....but she quickly went back to her pleasure....

I think I could have cum on command again, watching this gorgeous dominant,
sadistic woman take her pleasure while watching me suffer.  Suddenly, Mistress M
stopped and I  felt the presence of O next to me, elbow to elbow, both of us now
in position.................

My cock twitched again as she stood before us, our faces even with her
femaleness, our noses inhaling the  seductive and addictive scent that emanated
from her steaming crotch.....she walked away.........

I turned my head to O and whispered......"Thank you, O".... She turned to me and
responded............"Don't thank me yet" We both faced straight ahead just as
Mistress M returned.........

O' s wrists were locked in front of her and she was prodded with the riding crop
until her head was resting  on Mistress M's chair.  My hands were fastened
behind my back and a black leather hood covered my  whole face, allowing me only
to breathe through my nose and mouth.  I was prodded until I was directly behind
O and could feel her blazing ass cheeks surrounding my cock and  my balls
against those rings in her labia...............a leash was attached to my collar
and I could feel it's  tension move as Mistress M resumed her place on the
throne.

"Now for some more fun, my little ones............"...that sexy voice...

"O, you get the privilege of tending to my needs with your slut mouth. You are
allowed to orgasm only after I have taken mine. Do you understand, slave O"

I heard a muffled but enthusiastic, "Yes, Mistress M"

"p, you will keep your cock pressed against O at all times. When I pull on the
leash you will thrust your hips forward. You are NOT to cum....do you
understand, slave p?" "Yes, Mistress M", I responded quickly......

"Very well, then, slaves, let's begin!" My collar was jerked forward by the
leash, and my hips followed, pressing my revitalized erection against  fiery
softness, forcing O's mouth into the hot heaven of Mistress M's aroused
pussy........... I kept my cock in contact with O's abused ass as I listened to
the wet sounds of licking and sucking..........I  would have given ANYTHING to
be in O's place........and to be the one who was causing the moans to  emanate
from Mistress M........but I was resigned to my role as the slave p.....to
follow her commands.......and to be the initiator of the final thrusts that
would take my  Mistress over the edge................. I wondered if Mistress M
was caressing her breasts, but I could not see.....I wondered if She was
watching  me, and I licked my lips in the hope of pleasing Her with my
unrequited desire to take O's place......

Mistress M began to give O various instructions ...................
"More....lower....higher.....softer....inside.....deeper.....suck.....
....bite.....flick.....harder......right there......." She must have done this
before, I thought to myself.... From time to time I would feel a tug on the
leash and I would push harder on O's behind....and I began to  think about that
slave pussy so close to my hard cock.....and about O's mouth pressed against her
Mistress'  pussy......how I wanted to sink my renewed erection between those
lips with the shiny rings and fuck  her..........how I wanted to feel that moist
tightness as I lunged forward ........how I wanted to please two  pussies with
one cock .........and then.......oh no.....please no......
.........ohmygod........my thoughts had betrayed me.....I felt my balls tighten
and my erection pulse.......I  couldn't hold back.......I tried to forestall the
inevitable but it was impossible......and I surrendered to the 
sensation...fully aware that I had disobeyed Her...............

I could feel the semen boil out of my balls and I began to push against O's ass
in rhythm with the spasms in  my cock.  I could not tell how much I had expelled
but I could feel it as the wetness started to drip down  O's crack and back onto
my balls................I could not tell if Mistress M was aware of my misdeed,
but I  could hear her moans escalate as my collar was pulled again and again and
again......an action that forced  me to milk my spent cock against the sucking
slave and propel her face against Mistress M's sex in an  steady rhythm.

Then I heard the unmistakable sounds of Mistress M's ultimate 
release........."Suck.....harder......harder......harder......HARDER.!."

...along with a constant moaning hum from Slave O........

"MMMMMMMMMM".......then....."Yes, slave !!!!....oooooh...."

"more.....more......more......more......mooooooooooore"

"AAAAIIIIIIIEEEEEEEE.....ooooohhhhhhhhh.....ooohhhhhhhhh"

"AAAAIIIIIIIEEEEEEEE.....ooooohhhhhhhhh.....ooohhhhhhhhh"

"AAAAAAAHHHHHH"..............."Very good, slave"

And at that very instant, O's body began to tremble as she sought her
reward....she wriggled her ass around
my cock and went into a fit of spasms that sent her over the edge,  her moans
still muffled by her
Mistress' temple...................

My feelings of pride for helping both of them reach their climax was soon
tempered by a vicious cut across
both asscheeks............
........Mistress M had risen.............

"Slave,  what HAVE you done?"
"It looks like you have disobeyed me"....she paused.....
"You have disobeyed me, haven't you slave p?"

"Y-Y-Yes, Mistress M.  I apologize for not being able to control myself.  My
thoughts of being an
instrument for your pleasure overcame me and I could not hold back........"

"You will be punished for your insolence........"

....I waited.....it came.....another mark of her dominance........
.....another angry welt......another cut from her crop............

My head was pushed roughly down to O's ass........
"Clean her, slave.  With your tongue.......quickly....."

I feverishly licked and sucked my own ejaculate from O's
body, starting at the top of her ass,  around and over her little rosebud, down
the insides of her trembling
thighs, hoping to earn back some measure of respect from Mistress M as she
continued to spur me on
with occasional searing strokes from her crop.  When I had finished I continued
to lick her pussy lips,
tasting her secretions until...........

"Enough, slave........kneel up ".....I complied immediately, cleaning my
lips in the process......Mistress M undid my hands and fastened them once again
to the back of my
collar.........I knew the position now.......
I held my position as she tapped my wet cock and balls with her crop,
amusing herself with my predicament, making me wince and groan with each stroke. 
She would alternate
between tapping my balls rapidly, causing me to shudder before her, and lightly
stroking my flacid organ,
moving it up and down and from side to side.

From time to time she would bring the end of the crop to my lips and I would
clean my juices from the
leather.

"It seems like you enjoy that, slave"....it wasn't a question.......
"Well, slave !!".......another blow to my hanging balls..............
"Yes, Mistress M"........I was shaking now, holding position......

.....waiting....waiting......feeling that dammed plug again......
I felt like a slave.....plugged....whipped....punished.....used....
My whole body felt tired as I waited and waited and waited.......

Soon I heard whispers, followed by soft footsteps, then the sound of
the door opening and closing.....I couldn't tell if I was alone or not....
Maybe Mistress M was relaxing in her chair, watching me suffer....
Wanting to find out, but afraid of the consequences if I erred, I began to
slowly bring my elbows around
my head............bad decision......
I felt the crop split my balls, the leather loop crashing into the end of the
imbedded plug...........and I quickly
resumed my position with a pained cry..........more
silence......waiting.....waiting......
My endurance was waning, and I began to buckle under the pressure of maintaining
the position......not
wanting to feel another stroke on my balls ....I capitulated with the given
words..............
"Mistress M, please.......gold.....gold....gold...please...Mistress M"
 
Tapping my balls once more to straighten my posture,  She released
my hands from the collar and I was able to regain my composure as I rested on my
hands and knees.  I soon
felt the spike of her boot heel between my shoulder blades as she forced me to
floor and made me lie on my
back.  I was able to rest my weary body and the contact with the cool floor felt
wonderful on my ass.  She
sat on the elevated platform and allowed me the pleasure of worshipping her
heels as she rested............

Finally able to collect my thoughts, I realized that I had lost track of
time..........but I felt privileged to be
under her feet....and I hoped that I could manage to continue in her
presence..........................

An aura of comfort came over me as I lay under Mistress M's
feet...and I relaxed into the darkness of my hood....content with my
emotions....and happy to be used by such a gorgeous, demanding
and inventive creature....................


	to be continued in part 5




Appointment in Seattle

Part 5  - The Gauntlet

She must have read my thoughts.............. Leaning over to my face, she
whispered through the hood........... "It's not over yet, slave.  I have another
task for you to endure. Are you ready to entertain me again, slave?" "Yes,
Mistress M.  I want to amuse you, Mistress" "Kneel up then, slave, and we shall
begin" "Yes, Mistress M", I replied as I rose to my knees......

She handed me a glass of water and waited................ "Thank you, Mistress
M"....I said very sincerely as I sipped the cool liquid and listened to her 
continue..............

"This will not be easy, slave p.  But you must succeed if you wish to be in my
presence again.  Do you  understand, slave?" I remembered the instructions from
Mistress P..... "Yes, Mistress M", I responded with a quiver.......

She turned me and undid the crotch strap that went through my butt plug, but the
insidious device was not  removed.......some sort of loop was slipped over my
balls and weighted.   My arms were fastened behind  my back, forearm to forearm,
with several leather straps. Mistress then pulled my head back and applied 
lipstick to my trembling mouth.............. "There, there, slave....do not
worry.....You want to please your Mistress, don't you slave?" ..her sexy voice 
was thick with sarcasm.. "Y-Y-Yes, Mistress M"....I replied hesitantly, suddenly
afraid of what was to come................ "Be still, slave, or I'll whip your
balls again" I knelt upright, rigid in more ways than one, bound and prepared by
Her for some sort of sordid  spectacle.................

I heard the sound of the door opening once again, but this time it took a long
time before it was closed  again......I heard movement.... ...whispers.....the
sound of chain.......the rustling of clothes......the sound of footsteps......my
mind was  reeling once again, excited and afraid all at once......what was going
on?..............I closed my eyes behind  the hood and tried to relax, but my
heart was racing.......... I felt the weight removed from my balls only to be
replaced with something else.....................

Suddenly, She was there again.....the gleeful, sadistic Mistress M... Whispering
in my ear..........."Now, we begin, slave.......!!!!!", She ripped the blindfold
from the hood and I  began to adjust to the sparse light in the room.  I was on
the red carpet again, facing the other end of the  room. The carpet was lined on
each side by three black hooded and robed figures, each standing and  holding a
lighted candle.  At the other end of the carpet, just before the door, there was
a large wingback  chair in which sat another person in a similar red outfit.  My
eyes were everywhere, searching for some sort  of clue as to their identities,
but I could not even see their hands as they all wore gloves.............. My
uneasiness must have been obvious as I trembled on display before
them.....trying to be still.....and then  I noticed the chain down the center of
the aisle running from the floor in front of the chair to my balls  .......and I
remembered O and her last words to me...."Don't thank me yet"........

Mistress M stepped to the middle of the carpet, shook her pony tail, placed her
hand on her hip, and pointed  toward me with her crop.....

"This is slave p.  He has disobeyed my command and allowed himself to orgasm
without permission.   I  have decided that he will have an opportunity to run My
Gauntlet as punishment for his misdeed.  As you all know, there are four stages
to this little diversion of mine.  If he completes all of them, he will be
allowed to return and serve me once more.  If not, all of you will be  free to
use him as you wish for one hour.  After that, he will not be allowed to return. 
Since this is his first  time, I will instruct him each step of the way.  If
anyone wishes to leave, they may do so now......."   I looked around at the
figures, but no one made a move......except with their free hands....which were
out of  sight underneath those flowing robes...............

I watched a red glove reach for the chain and pick it up slowly...... Link after
link was retrieved until I could feel the pressure begin to build around my
balls......I tried to be  still....knowing that I must not start until
commanded.....more pressure....watching that dreaded metal slide  across the
carpet away from me, rising higher and higher as the tension increased and my
balls were  stretched outward....... I watched Mistress toy with her crop,
pleading her with my eyes to allow me to begin the journey, suddenly  anxious
for the stinging pain that would signal me to start........she didn't disappoint
me........ She advanced upon me quickly, coiled her beautiful body and brought
her whip to bear on my tender ass  with incredible force, propelling me toward
the mysterious gauntlet ahead..........

I figured that O was sitting in the chair ahead of me, and the thought of
servicing her sweet pussy again  took some of the pain away from the chain
attached to my balls.   As I began to move over it's length the tension relaxed
and I found it easier to move forward.  I knew what had happened to O when she 
hesitated, and I didn't want to be gagged and whipped the length of the carpet. 
Moving along on my knees  toward the first pair of strangers, I could still feel
the plug in my ass move although it was no longer  attached to my harness.

When I was even with the first pair, Mistress M stood behind me and pulled my
head back.  Extremely  excited, my heart was thumping as  they produced
clothespins which were soon attached to my sore nipples.  Trembling in Mistress'
grip, I  watched with horror as the two of them stepped closer and began
dripping candle wax on my nipples,  sealing the clips to my flesh.  Mistress M
placed her knee in my back and held me still, my moans and  whimpers echoing
through the dark room, until my nipples were entirely coated.  Bringing her
mouth close  to my face, Mistress M commanded me firmly................... "Nod
to your left or right, slave......choose now!"

I nodded to my right and the mystery stranger stepped quickly in front of
me.....the robe was parted and I  was confronted with a very bare and moist
pussy.....

"Service her, slave !"....I was anticipating the command....... I had my tongue
inside her in an instant....she was dripping wet.... ....hot.....and ready to
explode.......I kept at it until she grabbed the leather of my hood and fucked
my face  mercilessly, obviously excited with the spectacle before her........and
then she came.....and I swallowed her  wet, sticky female juices........my slave
cock rising from the dead........ She continued to use me, making me lick her
clean and suck her dry until I was pulled roughly away  ..............

"Stage One has been completed", Mistress M announced.

I had barely resumed my position on the carpet when Mistress M's crop slashed
into my ass once more and I resumed the torturous journey toward the red clothed
figure,  pulling more and more of the chain with my stretched balls as I
struggled forward, my mouth sticky, my  cock erect, my nipples pinched and
covered in wax, my spanked and whipped ass on display for those  behind
me......................

I was the spectacle, and I reveled in it all....a willing participant in this
meticulously choreographed  scenario of dominance and submission....

As I approached the next pair of ominous figures, I wondered who they were, what
their role was to be, and  what the next stage of the gauntlet held in
store.......When I was almost even with them, I felt the  unmistakable feeling
of something pulling on my butt plug.  Looking over my shoulder, I could see a
cord  running from the raised platform directly into the crevice of my ass....As
I moved forward, the cord seemed  to pull on the plug, trying to expel it from
its home.  I tightened my muscle and continued the journey,  constantly made
aware of the increasing burden I was pulling with my balls............

As soon as we had reached the next pair, Mistress M  pulled my head back and I
felt two more pairs of  hands on my body, leaning me back against the floor,
pulling my knees apart and exposing my crotch.......It  must have been the first
pair, I thought to myself, just before I felt the first fiery drop of wax land
on my  cock, causing me to squirm in my human bondage........This new pair
coated my genitals with the hot wax  until I was yelping and moaning constantly,
calling ....  ....."Mistress...Mistress....Mistress..." Speaking those sweet
words helped me to absorb the pain and relax into the torture.............eager
once again  complete the test..............

Soon I was returned upright on my knees and Mistress M's voice was at my ear,
commanding me once  again ............ "Choose, slave.  Left or
right..........Now! " I nodded toward the robed figure of the left and was
immediately confronted with another task......  "Service it, slave", Mistress M
commanded................. As the stranger turned around, gloved hands parted
the robe and my face was mere inches from a woman's  soft and round buttocks.
Leaning forward, I began to lavish her ass with soft kisses, then started to
lick up and down the crack.   When I tried to get my tongue on her little hole,
she leaned forward and spread her legs wider, giving me  greater access to her
nether region.  I licked around her rosebud and teased the opening with the tip
of my  tongue, gathering saliva and preparing her for the intrusion.  I could
hear little moans as she started to touch  herself at the same time.  Teasing
her a little, I held back until Mistress M became impatient and landed  another
blow across my blazing ass, forcing my hooded head into her wet crack.  I
speared her anus and  tongue fucked her quivering hole until she went over the
edge, frigging herself furiously, her legs quivering  with her orgasm.  When she
was finished, she straightened up and slowly returned to her position beside 
me.........

The excitement of servicing these women had aroused me so much that my cock was
once again rock hard,  an obvious indication to all around that I was a
slave........happy to serve in any way I could.....

"Stage Two is completed", Mistress M announced proudly..... With another slash
to spur me on, I resumed the awkward movement on my knees toward the end of the 
gauntlet, suddenly aware that I was half way there.........not only by my
position, but by the pain in my balls  as they were now towing half of the heavy
chain.  With my balls pulled behind me, my erect, wax covered  cock was pointing
straight ahead and bobbing from side to side with each movement.  I could feel
the wax  around the clothespins on my nipples crack as I moved closer to the
next pair of strangers and I realized  that, although the pressure to expel the
plug was increasing, the cord seemed to stretch as I moved forward  toward stage
three.

I finally reached the last pair of robed figures, a mere six feet from the red
stranger............I tried to see who  it was but the flowing costume made it
impossible.  I was extremely aroused now,  aware of nearing the  end of the
gauntlet......excited and afraid at the same time.  I was happy to pause and
reduce the weight on  my balls, although it felt like the cord on the butt plug
had reached its limit.

I felt Mistress M's gloved hand cover my mouth as she pulled my head back once
more, causing the wax- covered clothespins to protrude from my chest.  I flicked
my eyes from side to side as the two strangers  produced small whips from their
pockets and stepped closer to my restrained and abused body.  My eyes  went wide
with horror and I started to moan as they began to twirl the whips in rapid
circles just beyond the  tips of the pins, gradually getting closer and closer
to those extensions of my nipples...............then......... I felt Mistress M
nod her head behind me and those leather strands came crashing down with vicious
force  on the ends of the clothespins. I screamed into her gloved hand as she
held me tighter....nodding once more......and again I felt the biting  pain as
the clothespins were whipped from my body, sending wax flying, wrenching a final
guttural scream  from my heaving body............and she released me........

Mistress M stepped to the side .....all I could do was moan............. The
sadistic robed duo surrounded me front and back and once more I was facing the
crotch of a  stranger............................ ..............and smelling
something strangely familiar...

My head spun around when I heard Mistress M's next words........... "Service
this cock, slave.........." I couldn't do it......I panicked......and shook my
head.......... "I know you like the taste, slave.  Obey Me now...!!" And I
suddenly remembered Mistress P and her letter........

---"Obey Mistress M as you would obey Me " -----

"NOW, slave.........for hesitating at my command you will be whipped until you
swallow his cum !!" I gazed around just in time to see the narrow leather paddle
arc through the air and land on my red  ass.......and I caught a glimpse as the
robe split partially open with the effort.....gold rings!!!!!......O !

As O lit into me again, I turned forward to find a thick throbbing erect cock in
front of my lips.........and I  opened wide and sucked it in..... I tasted the
salty maleness and felt the blood pulsing through its length.....I licked up and
down, all over his  balls, then began to take it further and further down my
throat, looking up to facilitate its entry.

Faster and faster I sucked and sucked as the blows from O rained down on my
punished ass in a steady  rhythm.  She was relentless in her revenge, and I
strove to drive him to the finish before she drew blood.   The sounds of leather
on wet flesh, sucking, coughing and gagging filled the room as the ordeal
continued  unabated.  I let his maleness spear my slave mouth as I drew my
cheekbones in and massaged his rigid  organ until he finally grabbed my hood and
used me as a receptacle for his exploding lust.....spewing his  seed down my
ravaged throat as my eyes watered.  I continued to suck the juices from his
softening cock  until I had cleaned him completely and he pulled away from the
intense sensation..... ......and the whipping stopped........

I bent forward in supplication, my face on the floor, coughing and sputtering, a
whipped slave who had  been thoroughly used, abused and humiliated in front of
half a dozen strangers. I remained in that position  for a minute or two,
moaning and sobbing continuously, amusing them all with the spectacle of my
ordeal  as I struggled to retain that dammed plug.......

"Stage Three is completed".....I heard her voice again....... Then I felt her
lift me up by my collar to a kneeling position once again......and I tried to
focus on the red  robed figure in front of me....

But all I could see was a large black phallus protruding from the red robe, a
gloved hand stroking it slowly  and suggestively...................

Mistress M was at my ear again, her voice soothing.............. "You are almost
done, slave." "Are you ready for the final test?".........I couldn't
answer............" "Slave, answer me or you must leave forever...." I found the
words......."Yes, Mistress M......I'm ready............" "Good, slave....now
move forward and worship the phallus before you" "Yes, Mistress M", I replied
through gritted teeth as I moved slowly forward on my sore knees.

I could feel my balls stretch again with the weight of the chain and I knew I
was in danger of losing the  plug at any time....the pressure to expel was
getting stronger and stronger.....I probably would have used my  safeword if I
had not been in control of my own ordeal, but I found that the sight of the red
glove on the  phallus renewed my erection and increased my determination to
complete Mistress M's gauntlet.

Grunting and moaning with each movement, I was suddenly aware that the six dark
robed figures had  closed in on me.....Petrified that they would exact some
penalty for my slowness, I tried to pick up the  tempo.....only to realize that
I was being held back by the taut elastic connected to my butt plug........

A high heeled shoe suddenly appeared from underneath the red robe.......
.......and I heard Mistress M's voice once again................... "Kiss the
shoe, slave" Three simple words.....but Mistress M knew that they would force me
once again to be the instrument of  my own debasement..................
.......to be concluded in part six........




Appointment in Seattle

Part 6 - Finale

A mere two feet from me, I leaned forward and reached out with my lips toward
the red leather on the floor  .....oh my god.......six more inches..... As my
head descended toward the shoe, my ass rose higher and higher  and I could feel
the plug begin to dislodge itself.  I wriggled my ass from side to side to as I
sought to obey  her command.   When my tongue finally touched the shoe I
received a hard slap on each cheek of my ass.  The blows forced me forward and
when the wide bulb passed through my sphincter the tapered plug shot of  my
aching asshole with incredible force and flew backwards down the
carpet............

AAARRRRRGGGHHHHHH...........AAAAAAAHHHHHHH....came my guttural response as I
felt the  sudden emptiness in my ass.  Finally able to reach the red shoe, I
covered the toe with my mouth, sealing  my lips and using it to muffle my moans
I felt the muscles start to contract......

The spike of a heel between my shoulder blades kept my face down as I felt hands
behind me all over my  cock, balls and ass.  They removed the contraption from
my balls, freeing me from the weight of the chain.   They caressed and stroked
my cock and cleaned and lubricated my ass once more, keeping me wide open with 
their slippery fingers........................  It felt so wonderful and
soothing, and I continued to moan constantly, kissing the shoe, thinking that I
knew  what would come next........... ............or go........my anal
virginity......I was certain that I was to be deflowered in front of them all as
the  final stage in Mistress M's gauntlet.

My cock was hard and my ass swaying as I gave in to the sensations.... ..the
taste and smell of leather.....the smell from my lips.....the spike  heel on my
back......the sight of the black phallus through the red robe.....the sound of
the rustling of black  robes.....the perfume of Mistress M.....the sight of her
exertion when she had whipped O and I......the  feeling of ecstasy as O sucked
me dry.....the taste and smell and fullness of servicing another man's
organ....the taste of Mistress P and myself as she rode my face last 
night.....the pull of the steel balls on my nipples as O and I competed against
one another.....the heat from  my ass as Mistress M had spanked me for Mistress
P to begin the scene .. .....that all seemed so long ago......

Suddenly the spike was removed from my back and Mistress M pulled me up by my
collar until I was  staring once again at the instrument of my
defloration.......the red gloved hand still stroking it's glistening 
length..... "Suck it slave, make it VERY, VERY wet !!"..... Mistress M was at it
again.......that sexy, sadistic voice.......... I moved toward it and opened my
mouth wide, took as much as I could and backed it out, licking and  sucking all
the while...trying to make it as wet as possible.......in total submission to my
fate in this  spectacle......

I felt Mistress M attach a leash to my collar as I bobbed my head and tried to
apply as much saliva as  possible to the black phallus.........

Then she spoke again........in my ear......firmly......three words.............
"TURN AROUND, SLAVE !"........ohmygod, I thought...... "Yes, Mistress M", I
replied with hesitation As I turned around, she moved in front of me, keeping
the leash taught. My hands were freed from behind me and fell loosely to my
sides...... "Crawl along, slave"...was all she said as she led me back down the
carpet like a lamb to slaughter, my  whipped ass on display for the first time
to the red robed stranger with the wet phallus..............

The black robes were moving something toward us as she led me  down the aisle. 
They set it down before her and I could see that it  was a leather covered
sawhorse with rings on each of the legs...... "Stand up, slave...." "Yes,
Mistress M"....and I did, glad to be off my aching knees........ She pulled me
to the horse bent me over it.  The black robes were all over me, securing my
hands and feet  to the legs on either side, then stepping to the sides of the
carpet.........I was left that way while the leash  was removed and Mistress M
strode up to her throne, sat down and ceremoniously lit a cigarette......

I heard the sound of footsteps slowly approaching from behind and I tried to
relax my body over the horse,  resigned to my apparent fate.   All was quiet in
the room except the sound of those small, slow, steps and I  felt my cock harden
with the delicious and mysterious anticipation.

I could see the red robe moving past me as I craned my neck to the left.
Continuing around me,  she moved in front of my face as I followed her with my
eyes and open  mouth........wanting to make sure that it was still wet......a
red glove tousled my hair as the phallus was  introduced to my lips once
more......and pushed forcefully inside........I was unable to look up at all but 
could see her gloves starting to undo the sash around her waist.....and with a
flourish.....the soft robe  dropped to the floor around her..........and I could
see the black leather harness that held the realistic phallus,  complete with
balls.........and.......I noticed...........that she was wearing green silk
panties underneath the leather............ohmygod..... ...my eyes flew open as I
realized........and suddenly the cock was withdrawn from my mouth.......and I
cried  out..........."Mistress P !"

"Yes, slave.....and I'm going to fuck your ass now, SLAVE !!"

Mistress P didn't waste any time getting behind me and guiding the tip of that
artificial cock into my virgin  orifice.......I was so slippery and trained from
the butt plug that the first few inches sank into my depths  easily. I felt
something stretched and pulled over my erection and then the steady rhythmic
thrusting of my wife,  my Mistress P, further and further into my anal cavity,
massaging my prostate gland, making me shake and  tremble in my tight bondage. 
She grabbed my sore ass and took me, fucked me for her pleasure, raping my 
asshole with that extension of her dominance. I was so excited that she was here
and my cock throbbed as I tried to push my ass back into her thrusts,  trying to
signal my complete submission to her desires.......I could feel her excitement
as the grip on my ass  became tighter and tighter, her thrusts longer and
deeper, her little feminine noises higher and higher  pitched.......I wanted to
increase her pleasure through my screams and moans of pain and pleasure.......

"AAAAARRRRRGGHHHH......please FUCK your slave, Mistress P !"
"AAAAIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.....oooohhhhhh.......Mistress..."
"UUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHH....thank you, Miiiiiissssstresssssss!"
"AAAAHHH........OOOHHHHH......use my ass, Mistress P......."
"EEEEE......OOOOOO......OOOOOO.....AAAAIIIIIEEEEEEEEE"   She was pounding
furiously now, abusing my whipped ass once more with each heavy thrust into my 
soul..............her hips must have been a blur,  and I hoped she was enjoying
the sight of that black phallus  pistoning into my open hole.  I looked around
to see the others moaning aloud, their hands inside their 
robes...........Mistress M, however, was calmly enjoying her cigarette, although
I could see her breasts rising  and falling in the excitement of the spectacle
before her..........

I don't remember what came out of my mouth as Mistress P found her release and
filled my throbbing ass  with the length of that latex tool..... I do remember
the feeling when she announced her orgasm by forcing  the length of the phallus
deep inside me as she shook, trembled, and quivered......her breath coming in
short  panting gasps..............

She held me still as she slowly withdrew until only the tip was inside me and I
was begging for  more.........."Please, Mistress P.   Pleeeease"   She only said
two words as the entire length was shoved forward......... "Come,
slave"........and that was all it took.....I was conditioned to wait for her
command.....and when it  came I felt the cum boil out of my balls and  explode
out of my throbbing cock and into the condom that surrounded it..........

"AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH.......Thank you, Mistress P" "You're very welcome, slave
p...........anytime.....", she said cheerily as the phallus was slowly removed 
from my distended anus..............

I watched Mistress M rise through my glazed eyes.........

"The final stage has been completed !!!!"...she announced to all......... She
clapped one, twice, three times.............................. In an instant, all
of the black robed figures walked past me and out the door.........which closed
behind  them..........................

Mistress M walked right up to my face, her crotch level with me...... I could
smell her excitement........Mistress P reached down to my shrinking cock and
removed the  condom.......she moved next to  Mistress M ..............and
slapped my face.....once.......twice...... I realized my error...........raising
my head as high as I could....... "Thank you, Mistress M for allowing me to
entertain you" The words were barely out of my mouth before Mistress P plunged 
the used condom into it............"Clean it, slave !"  I did.  Quickly.  Not
wanting to incur her wrath again after such an ordeal..... When I was done
Mistress P took it from my outstretched tongue.

"You have done well, slave p.  Not all of my slaves are allowed to attempt the
Gauntlet......and not all who  do complete the four stages......" Fine praise
indeed........."Thank you, Mistress M"

"Mistress M, thank you for helping train my slave.  I hope that he has provided
you with some amusement  today.  And thank you for all of the ideas you have
given me.  I'm sure that I will try all of them at one time  or another"

"You are very welcome Mistress P.  He is a true submissive.  He lives only to
obey those who wish to  dominate him.  I found it pleasurable to challenge him
and my slave O to a test of endurance earlier.  You  are  welcome to bring him
back any time if you wish.  I'm sure that we can amuse ourselves together at his
expense!"

Together they released me from the horse and I dropped to my hands and knees,
worshipping their shoes as  they stood together.............. Mistress P leashed
me and began to lead me from the room........ "Come along, slave.  You need to
be cleaned up............" "Yes, Mistress P" She led me like a dog on all fours
down the carpet and out of the room, down the hall and back into room "A".  I'm
sure that Mistress M watched my red and whipped ass waggle  with a sense of
sadistic pride...............

Mistress removed my harness and left me to clean myself up................
"Clean yourself and dress, slave.   You have thirty minutes........" "Yes,
Mistress P"....and she was gone............

I soaped and cleaned my abused body very slowly as I relived the experiences in
my mind.......calmly  content and very grateful for the opportunity to have
served them both...............full of respect for the power  of their dominance
over me.......

I found my clothes neatly stacked on a table.   O must have done this, I thought
to myself, for the gold  panties were there.  She must have taken them when she
gone to prepare for the Gauntlet !

I dressed and waited for Mistress P.   When I heard voices coming, I dropped to
my knees and placed my  hands behind my head, elbows out and back
straight...........wanting to please................

The door opened and Mistress P and Mistress M entered, now wearing their regular
clothes.  They were  joined by another woman who I did not recognize......was it
her ass I had worshipped earlier.....or did she  have gold rings like O ?  I
blushed as she smiled straight at me, then went to the other side of the room 
where there was a table.........

She produced a leather attache and opened it, pulled out some papers and began
to show them to the two  Mistresses...........

They ignored me as I remained in position before them......... I couldn't hear
them well but I could see them point at the papers, nodding or shaking their
heads from time  to time.........

Finally I could see them all nodding in agreement, and the papers were put back
into the case............

Mistress P strode over to my trembling body.............

"Get up, slave" "Yes, Mistress P"   I stood, unsure of what was
happening........ "We're leaving now, slave.  Come along" ....and she opened the
door. I began to follow her as she stopped suddenly, turned and asked......

"Guess what......I've changed my mind......I DO want his nipples pierced. Can
you do it when I bring him back for the tattoo?"

"Sure, it just takes a little longer"....the stranger responded.....

I looked at her wide-eyed, suddenly afraid.

"OK.  Thanks.  See you soon.  Good-bye"

As I followed my wife, my Mistress P, out of the room the fear was replaced with
anticipation as I knew  that I would be returning at least one more time to be
before the sadistic Mistress M..................

			The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  windsor_rook


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





