BDSM Library - Joey's Detention




Joey's Detention
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A school Headmaster has an obsession with a young schoolgirl under his authority. He finally has her alone and secured for punishment.
                                        JOEY'S DETENTION

 

  Joey was marched in to the punishment room kicking and cursing.  Fortunately
the three assistants were a match for the little tomboy schoolgirl, but it was
very obvious to me that she would need to be strapped down for her discipline.

  The three matrons hoisted her over the sturdy leather sofa, and while  two of
them held Joey in position, the third drew her arms down full  stretch and
strapped her wrists firmly to the base of the heavy sofa  legs..  A stout belt
was pinned around her waist over the sofa, and a  third strap secured around her
knees, and Joey was firmly secured.

  I found it very pleasing to have this sturdy ruffian, dressed in her  white
blouse and short wool skirt, the image of so many of my night time  fantasies,
now actually strapped down, her plump bottom raised in front of me.

  "In the mood for the cane Joey?"  "No?"  I teased, "Lets see how you feel
about  it after we remove that little skirt you're wearing!"

  My hands trembled slightly as I found the small side clasp and drew  the skirt
down her trim legs. Now I had this squirming tomboy  in her underpants.  The
elastic tightness of her white schoolgirl  knickers straining with the plump
fullness of Joey's rear cheeks,  broadened and fattened by her bent posture.. 
She had struggled hard when being strapped down, and Joey's elastic trimmed
panties had ridden up the cheeks of her bottom, laying bare the fat lower curve 
of her ass cheeks.

    I took the tail of Joey's white blouse and tucked it up under her  waist
strap.  I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of her panties and  slowly lowered
the material, watching as her ass flesh compressed and  then rolled out from 
under the desending material.   I sucked in my breath and felt my heart start to
pound in my chest as Joey's ass was now completely bare to  my view.

  I pulled my desk chair up behind Joey and sat down right behind her,
inspecting this exciting rear view. God how I had longed to  see the foul
mouthed little tomboy just like this her arms restrained, her sturdy schoolgirl
hips bent over the top of the leather sofa, that plump white bottom raised, her
cheeks slightly parted by the enforced posture. Joey legs trembled slightly as
she felt my hand fondle the slight heaviness of her chubby rear orbs.  I bounced
them up and down lewdly in the palm of my hands,  each small bottom cheek
occupying one of my warm palms,  watching as the fat of her  rear mounds jiggled
with the movement of my hands, smiling at the soft protest of this indignity
uttered by joey as she felt my hand fondle her bottom cheeks.

  "I am going to use a bamboo cane across these pretty little  bottom cheeks of
yours Joey",:  I teased her as I jiggled her ass fat in the palms of my hands,

 " I am going to enjoy doing that very much, ....and I"m sure I will have to
unbutton myself and you'll be feeling the proof of my pleasure before I thrash
you"   I leaned forward and was confronted with the fattish swell of Joey's 
broadened buttocks.  I gave her a smarting smack on the near cheek of  her
backside, and then another, causing Joey's bottom flesh to compress, and Joey 
to squirm and utter a curse under her breath.

  Really, for a lover of discipline, imagine the scene if you will.  Me alone in
the punishment room with this cheeky ill manneded school girl, the low lighted
lamp shinning on the bare pallor of Joey's sturdy schoolgirl hips, thighs, and
rear cheeks.

  I had no need to hurry.  I was the school master and my decision to punish was
absolute.  There would be no interruption, no recriminations, no one to answer
for my actions to.

  My fingers traced gentle outlines all across her ass cheeks, enjoying the feel
of her soft warm flesh.  I leaned forward and planted a gentle kiss on her right
bottom half, letting my tongue trace across the broad expanse of her bottom
cheeks, then slowly trailing down, and sucking the baby fat  lower swell of her
ass between my lips, nipping and nuzzling her along the top of her sturdy leg.

  I fondled and fiddled with her ass, kissing and sucking mouthfuls of the
exciting warm,  bottom flesh of this young tomboy between my lips, murmuring to
her to push her bottom out toward me, running my thumb up and between her bound
legs, reminding her from time to time as I nipped the fuller lower cheekswell,
that this was only a prelude to the punishment session that was to follow.

  I return to joey's warm bottom flesh, kissing her right cheek in small little
circles,  kiss-kissing  gentle little bumble bee buzz kisses in tight little
circle motions across her bottom cheek, feeling her legs and her plump bottom
flesh flinch with each soft  burning kiss.. ...I took a large breath, excited,
faster kissing..now littlenipping kisses..capturing her raised bottom flesh for
a mere instance between my teeth

  As I grew..more excited.....now sharp lover's kisses, snapping little nips,
using  my teeth, up and down and across her warm  ass flesh  .....running my
tongue, held flat and soft and wet across the wider expanses of her ass where it
was swelled out the most, licking her bottom flesh like an ice creme cone with
broad flat tongue strokes....then kissing again, little circles of kisses.....my
lips hard and unyeilding...fast hard kisskissing on top of her bottom, rapidly
covering her ...kisskissing cheek to cheek...my hand, running up between her
bound legs, feeling the satin smooth skin of her inner thighs, pinching
her.softly.. kisskissing her  bottom flesh, my hand finding her soft woman fold,
playing with her with my thumb, between her pussy lips...kissing  her bottom
hard....bigger circle kisses...     I slowly start to expand the little circle,
bigger and bigger circle kisses, covering her tender rear mounds with wet, full 
mouthed, big lipped kisses,  licking my way across her bottom flesh, my lips wet
across  the soft surface of her cheeks,  tracing my tongue across her,  leaving
a trail of wet lust across her plump bottom.

  I pulled my head up, and breathing hard, slowly parted Joey's bottom cheeks,
enjoying  a long and close inspection of her tightly closed rear hole.

 Joey gasped and her trim young  legs flinched as I touched the pad of my finger
to her tight rear flower.

  I ignored  her protests and leaned forward, excited by what I was about to do,
no longer caring about the rudness of my action, my dick aching, my breathing
ragged, I applied my lips to kissing her bottom cheeks again.

   I parted her cheeks and placed little soft warm pouting butterfly soft kisses
all up and down along the inside of joey's rear cheeks,  little soft warm moist
pouting butterfly kisses tenderly  up and down along the inside of her rear
cheeks, slow fluttering kisses, one little kiss then stopping,  then an inch
down and another light butterfly kiss just inside her open bottom lobe....First
inside one cheek, then turning my head and  a pouting little butterfly kisses on
the inside of the other cheek.. ......god, my head is spinning... I'm lost in a
sea of white bottom flesh......lost in my lust I turn to sucking giant mouthfuls
of her plump bottom cheek in to my lips, sucking her hard, and nipping her rear
flesh where her bottom curved under, and all along the top of her legs.

  My lips again  traveled kissingly across every wonderful inch of the cool
expanse of her plump white ass , musing and nuzzling her soft robust bottom
flesh.

  I craned my neck a little as  I fingered back the soft folds of her girl flesh
and kissed-kissed gently up and down her pussy, swiping my tongue between her
pussy lips,  until Joey was flinching her legs and I could hear small gasps
escaping from her lips.

  I pushed my chair back a little and started kissing Joey low down on her
fleshy bottom lobes, then continuing down the back of her sunkissed legs, almost
to the knee, and then very slowly started working my way back up the other slim
leg, leaving a trail of moistures up and down the back of her trim schoolgirl
legs.

     I pulled her cheeks apart and leaned forward, pushing my lips, my whole
face, in to the warm space between her bottom halves.

  Joey let out a loud gasp as she felt my warm breath raft across her small anal
dimple.  I didn't care, i had to have her, my lips touching  her dark tight
vortex, light, gentle kisses, flicking the tip of my tongue against her dark
petal,  shocking this girl, enjoying the feel of her bottom cheeks tensing
against the side of my face each time my lips or tongue touched her hidden
vortex.

 I was really quite mad now with desire.  My dick rock hard, my mind aflame with
lust for this girl, my desire to sodomize this sturdy little tomboy
overwhelming.  Joey turned her head and watched over her shoulder as I unscrewed 
the lid to the jar of vaseline.

  She watched wide eyed as I scooped the jelly out of the jar and slowly pushed
my finger between her bottom cheeks, running my finger up and down between her
clenching bottom.  Joey's bare rear cheeks clenched hard as I found her  anus
and lightly traced slow gentle circles around the small ridges of her anal bud. 
She gasped as I started to slowly inserted my finger in to her bottom, making
small lazy half circles with just the pad of my finger barely  inside her anal
ring...........

  While she was still gasping from the sensation of having her bottom, and the
area between her pinioned legs, so rudely fondled, kissed, patted, mouthed,
fingered, sucked and then very, very, slowly and tenderely lubricated by my
finger,  I wasted little time in putting in to action the sodomy I had so often
fantasized about with this cheeky young girl. 

  I stood and nosed  my hardened cockhead snuggly up between joey's clenched and
warm gooey bottom cheeks..

  I let it rest there for a moment, feeling the gooey warmth of Joey's bottom
halves compressed against the side of my cockhead.  Joey was flinching her legs
slightly, pulling against the leather restraints, her rejection to what she knew
was coming causing her bottom cheeks to compress against the hardened intruder,
and sending little tingles of sensation up my spine.  I was going to enjoy
taking this little brat down a peg or two.

  I felt her move, pulling against her restraints as I let my cockhead find the
bullseye of her tight anus.   Joey mumbled a small , unladylike grunt and tried
to climb the sofa top as I shifted my weight forward and started pressed my rock
hard cockhead in to her small virgin opening. 

  The tight anal ring finally expanded and I pushed my hard member forward,
feeling her anal ring gripping my dickhead like a tight glove.  I pushed a
little further, feeding more of my cock past her anal ring, exhaling with the
warmth and tightness of her bottom's grip on my pleasure pole.

 The sensation was to much for me.  I had wanted to proceed slowly, to make this
hauty little tomboy feel me master her inch by agonizing inch, but the tightness
of her bottom, and my excitement at having her completely at the mercy of my
lusts proved to be too much.

   With a resolute thrust I impaled Joey on my swelling manhood, and at once I
pressed my cock to the hilt.  I heard Joey's muffled whinny, watched as her head
shook back and forth rapidly, her hips dancing across the top of the sofa in an
effort to dislodge this rude intruder. 

  I looked in the mirror positioned by joey's head, and smiled at her,  "Does
that feel rather big in there Joey?"

"I think it must...I've wanted to do this to you for a long time Joey, to teach
you what can happen to ill mannered, delinquent little girls.."

 I pulled back a little and bound forward hard, impalling Joey once again with
the full measure of my hard cock,  "god, you have a lovely tight little bottom
joey,"

  I kept up the praddle as I rocked my hips back and forth, letting a little of
my cock withdraw from her, the sending it hard back up her backside.

 " ....I'm sure i'm not the first man who has wanted to use you this way,
watching you bottom cheeks straining against the fabric in those tight little
shorts you like to wear..."

  I pulled back all the way, leaving just the head of my cock in her bottom,
then started to rythmically sodomize her, first an inch, then back out, then two
inches, then back out....till I had fed her all seven inches.

".....ever let a boyfriend play with your bottom like this joey... no"

 I teased the helpless girl.  "I bet they wanted to"

  I rode the young schoolgirls bottom for 15 minutes, pausing from time to time
in order to prolong the delightful sensation.  I enjoyed the little sounds joey
made each time I would would let my cock ride her to full measure, her small
white shoulders bunching up, her hands clenching and pulling against the
restraints, her toes extending, pushing those full hips up over the top of the
sofa arm.  There was no escape for joey, her bottom fully stuffed with hard
cock, her legs, her wrist tied down, and all the moving just increasing my
enjoyment.

   I would take hold of her fleshy hips and very very slowly piston my cock in
and out of her streched anus, watching as joeys tight little bottom took all of
my cock, then back out, till just the head was held by her anal ring, then
slowly  slide back in to the stubborn little brat.

"You'll be getting plenty of this in the future joey, you ill mannered little
tease, bottom upwards over the sofa Joey,  just you and me all alone"

  "I wanted you since the first day i saw you in class, you little scrubber, 
teasing all us boys in that short little skirt...I just wish I could have
started earlier with you....."

  I did enjoy teasing her as she was made to endure the full seven inches of my
hardened  cock up her tight little bottom.  Joey was an attention grabbing, ill
mannered, and loud mouthed young brat, use to parading herself in front of men
in short skirts, or tight pants, and I greatly enjoyed having the fat bottomed
little tease tied over a booster, ass up, to endure a prolonged anal probing. 

  Joey was squirming all over the sofa top, variously squeezing her anal ring or
pushing her robust young backside out hard in an attempt to dislodge the source
of her rather too full feeling.  The sensation was heavenly to me, my cock held
tight all around, her movements sending wonderful little electrical jolts of
pleasure up and down the entire length of my cock, and making my balls tighten
in their sack.

  I watched as her small white sholders would bunch up, her hair, matted and
disshelveled, swishing from side to side, and soft deep, urgent "uuugggggs,  and
ooohhhhs" escaping from her pouted lips when ever I pushed hard and full up her
streched bottom.

  Already I could sense a change in her usual defiant attitiude.

 "Oh god your ass is tight, ...ahhh,..... ahhhh, your ass, joey,"  I panted out
as I stared to more vigiously sodomize her parted bottom,..." right up your 
pretty little bum joey.... get ready, ...hhmmmm.....oh jesus.....shooting my
seed right up your  tight little bottom hole...."

   I could feel joey's bottom contracting each time a small spirt of sperm was
expelled, causing even more wonderful sensations to my now expanded cockhead, 
that causing even more violent eruptions to be sputed up her ass.

  I'll admit, I was quite out of my senses really, uttering nonesense, as I felt
my cock exploding and I started discharged hard, my creamy sperm in to her warm
fleshy backside.

  After my discharge, I lay over joey's back, my head nestled against the side
of her neck, my cock still in her, my breathing labored.  Joey had grown rather
quiet, and she lay still, her head turned to the side and a sweep of her shinny
brown hair covering her eyes.

   It was a rather curious feeling, I actually had a growing sense of affection
for this young tomboy, with her defiant attitude and robust full bottom.  At the
same time, I knew, laying against her soft white back,  my cock still encased in
her tight bottom,  that I was going to greatly enjoy the whipping I was about to
give her.

 In a minute I had regained my senses, and allowed the rather subdued young
girl, with cautious squeezings,  to expell the now deflated serpent.

 It lolled across her pale bare seatswell, leaving a few tell tell signs of the
rude sodomy.

  I was hardly done deflowering her tight little bottom when my member  began to
rise again. 

"Ready for your discipline now Joey?"  "Did you think I had forgotten?"

  "First you will get a good dozen with the cane all across that plump little
ass of yours, then a 1/2 hour break, and then a bare bottomed reminder to watch
your behavior in the future joey....with my leather training lash.  I am going
to teach you manners this afternoon Joey.  I've wanted to do this for a long
time.    I will have obedience from you.  And we'll have another lesson together
in two weeks if we need to, and I just think we might."

  I picked up the bamboo cane and swished it through the air a few times.

 Joey turned her pretty round face back and mouthed a silent "please", her eyes
already reddened, her bee stung lips turned down in a woeful lipswell.

  I smiled back at her, my cock now again fully erect and shinny from the
lubricant, and clearly visible  to the remorseful young schoolgirl.

  " Oh joey, poor girl, did you think showing me those big brown eyes and a
little pleading would be all you needed to do to get you out of your caning?"

  "I want to give you a lesson you will remember for awhile dear girl."

  Holding the cane in my right hand, I stood behind and a little to the right of
joey's upturned and now quivering young bottom cheeks, and brought the cane tip
up even with my left shoulder, the body of the instrument crossing my heaving
chest.

   I slowly raised my elbow till it was even with my shoulder, slightly cocking
my wrist,  and letting the small end of the cane extend up and behind me, and
quickly rocked forward, shifting my weight to my front leg, snapping the cane
forward.  The cane whoosed as it traveled through the open air, and  I brought
it up sharply as it made contact with joey's broadened bottom.

   I had aimed low,  and stung Joey not an inch above the flesh crease dividing
her chubby white bottom cheeks from her upper thighs..The impact of the cane
across joey's bottom sounded like a pistol shot.

  Joey didn't move for a second, her body stunned, the impact of the cane too
much to respond to all at once.

   Then her head snapped up, and she let out a low long gutteral moan, her pale
skinned rear mounds compressing hard and then surging up as she attempted to
defuse  the smarting impact of the cane.  I let go with another strike, this
time aimed across the middle of both her fleshy white bottom cheeks, pushed back
high and in perfect position for the strike......
..."AAAAHHH....JJJeezzeeeuuSSS...AHHHH.....ohh pppleeaSSEE....OOWWW"   a double
red line appeared where the cane had struck, and joey's head swept from side to
side as her hips danced across the top of the leather sofa..

  "tears already joey, we're just getting started now"  I smiled at the now
sobbing girl,  bringing the narrow end of the whippy rattan cane up even with my
shoulder once again,  "it will be a very long detention for you this afternoon
I'm afraid......" Joey's bottom was now bounding up and down, her fat little
bottom cheeks  thrusting  in to the air, her contortions pulling her puppy fat
cheeks hard apart,  revealing her still shinny anus, with each upward thrust.  

  She turned her head  and gnawed her lower lip, her hands clenching in to
desperate fists, her hips  shifting and tensing as she waited for the next
strike.

  I tapped the cane lightly across the crowns of her milky hillocks, enjoying
the caning I was giving to this little loud mouthed brat,  watching joey's
fleshy rear orbs contorting in fat assed quiverings....and already wanting to
push my dick up her snotty little backside again.

  I gave her four quick sharp strikes across the middle of her smooth skinned
white ass, watching as the red lines of the cane became visible.

  "Do you want to be a good little girl now Joey, want to behave for me ?"

 " YYYesss,..oweee..yessirRRR..YYYessss..ssirrr ..PP..PPLEEAASEE..NNooomore."

  I raised my arm and whipped the back of her bare tomboy thighs with  two
severe strokes.

  There was wild protests and Joey's schoolgirl ass did a dance that  would have
made a bride blush on her honeymoon night. She squirmed over the  leather sofa,
her ass cheeks quivering and her hips raising and lowering...giving joey a
whorish and wanton look of sensual abandon.

  I caned her again, high this time across the back of her legs, and then
without  pause gave her two more across the very  bottom of her fat little ass
cheeks.

  I waited for a moment, letting the full impact of the cane strokes sink in.  
God help me, but I loved the way she looked, her plump white flesh criss crossed 
with angry red welts, her thick brown hair matted and shaken across her  pretty
face, the look of the black leather restraints across the back of her knees, her
ass shaking and jiggling from the smarting effect of the punishment.

 I mentally made a note to again thank my father for suggesting a profession as
an educator.

  I raised the cane and gave poor joey four or five firery strokes right through
the  middle of her churning ass.

   "get that bottom back up over the top of that sofa joey...you little
tramp...I want a big girl swell to that bottom..." 

  Joey was past bounding her rear up and down now.  She was weeping low and deep 
within her chest, her ass doing slow rotations from side to side,  one knee
jamming behind the other, then releasing as she pushed her hips up over  the
sofa top again.

  I let the cane fall and sat down in my chair directly behind Joey.  The caning
had  momentarily exhausted me, my chest heaving, my heart pounding, and the
sight  of joey's ass making me dizzy with lust.

  Her ass was a mass of firery angry welts, some red, some starting to turn a
deep  purple.  The back of her pretty young thighs showed evidience of at  least
6 or 8 cane stripes.  To tell you the truth, I had lost count and wasn't sure 
the number of strokes I had delivered.  Joey's head had fallen forward, and her 
body was convulsed with deep sobs, her ass slowly rotating in small circular 
motions as she wept.

  I reached forward and ran my hand across her reddened ass, feeling her flinch 
at the  lightest touch, and felt the heat radiating from her bottom.

  My cock again was standing straight out, its head purple and angry with lust,
and it took all of my resolve not to sodomize her again right then.

  What was it with this girl, why did she have this hold on me.  To tell you the
truth, I for the first time realized that I was truely in the grip of an
obssession.  Everything  about her had me spellbound.  That plump, fleshy white
ass, swishing under her too short skirts, or straining against the tight fabric
of her summer shorts.  Her soft  brown eyes, full of wonder, the tomboy
carelessness with which she walked the halls of my academy, those sturdy legs
soft and tanned from the sun,  the way she sat at her desk, her legs crossed 
and the skirt riding up her thigh, a slight smirk playing across those bee stung
lips .... even that priceless guilty expression she had when ever she was called 
to my office.

  I wanted to possess her, to discipline her further then I had ever  gone with
one of the girls before, to make her service me with that crass little  mouth
under my desk in my office, drink down my spending and then lick me clean.. to
lay her  across a pillow on my bed at night and leisurely sodomize her before
sleep,  or to make her straddle me in the bed, her schoolgirl ass pushed back
and  spread for my touch, my lips, and then to take her again when I stirred in
the long dark night.

  I wanted her with a collar and on a leash,  black leather around that small
white neck, and to see her crawl across my office carpet just like my little
pet.  To make her lay on my desk with her legs spread and touch herself..to use
something inside herself while I watched...to humble her, to gain control of
this object of my obsession....

 And I wanted joey to resist me,  to be stubborn and wild, and then to
master...to tame her.  To make her mine, to own her.  To make her call me Master
and daddy and sir and look up at me with those big brown eyes and plead with me
not to discipline her bottom anymore, or to order her to pleasure me again with
her mouth as she kneeled and looked up at  me from between my parted legs,  to
feel her fingers stroking me, massaging  warm oil on to my hard cock before she
turned and on hands and knees swelled her ass up...presnting it to me.... like
she was asking for it..to make her roll over and holds her cheeks apart for me, 
knowing I was watching...

  I stood and walked around to oak armoire and swung open the door.  The 
shelves revealed all that a disciplinarian could have hoped to find.

   I reached in and took out the dispenser of liquid soap and a long pencil 
shaped glass squirt with a large rubber ball attached to its end.

  Filling the squirt with liquid soap, I again pulled up the chair and  sat
directly behind Joey's red, upturned ass.  I let my fingers trace  up and down
the inside of Joey's cheeks, feeling the heat radiating off her  welted ass, my
mind again filled with lust to control this girl of my desire,.

 I warched as her legs  tightened against the leather restraints.

  "In the mood for some more fun Joey?"  I teased her as my hand continued to
stroke her betwen her plump bottom halves.

  Joey turned her head, flippng her brown hair across her forhead and  looked
back.  Her eyes were still red, but grew large with fright upon  seeing the
glass squirt.

  I smiled back at her, our eyes locked in question and answer, and gently
intruded the tip of the soapy squirt in to Joey's anus,  giving the squirt a
small gentle twirl as the  the tip first breached her anus. 

  Joey's arms pulled against her restraints, her protests questioning this new 
humiliation she was powerless to stop.

  " what is that, what are you doing , aahhhh, nooo,  pp...ppleassse
sirr..NO..Nooooo... DON'Tnonoo.".

  I slowly pushed the six inch length of the glass squirt in to joey's bottom,
continueing until only the black bulb remained visiable.

  Joey's broadened bottom cheeks tensed desperately at the cool depth of  the
glass squirt , and she turned her head in dismay and disbelief.

 I pressed the rubber bulb and smiled as I watched Joey's body give an 
involuntary shiver at the feeling of the cool, soapy slipperiness so  deep in
her behind.

  I pumped the bulb two or three more times until I was sure all the  liquid
urgent had been pumped up young joey's ass.

  Joey's anus went quite small and tight as I withdrew the glass  intruder, and
she compressed her puppy fat ass cheeks in an attempt  to avoid disgracing
herself.

  "Feeling a need to use the restroom joey" I chided her, "better not  be rude,
I give extra stokes for girls who can't seem to control  themselves during their
punishment sessions"

    I walked around to the front of the sofa, and  gently cupped joey's  chin in
the palm of my hand and raised her head. Her face was a mix of  confusion and
pain, her eyes soft brown, full of questioning, her mouth  held tight in an
attempt to check the urges now starting to work inside her.

 In my other hand I held the single tailed leather training whip.

 "Having trouble containing yourself joey"  I smiled at her. "maybe I have 
something that will help joey.  I showed her the fine penis shaped whip  handle,
its girth about seven inches, its head shaped with an elongated fat sphere, 
about the size of a plum.

  Joey's face had turned red from the effort to hold her bottom in check, her
eyes misty and her breath ragged and comming in small  gasps.

  "oh, pplease don't sir,   oh please  oh sir"

  Joey's voice had turned very small, her request dripping with submissiveness, 
a signal of a new attitude maybe."

  "not so defiant now joey?", I chidded her, " where's that aggressive little
tomboy  the matron's brought down here earlier?"

  I walked back to my chair and again sat directly behind the fleshy orbs that
had for so long been the material for my night time fantasies.

  I coated the rounded plum shaped end of whip's handle and adjusted knob 
againsts joey's vulnerable anus.

  "Since I'll be taking a half hour break, you get a half hour of this  whip
handle up your bottom joey."  I'm sure it will be a little uncomfortable joey,
but this is something you can remember next time you wonder if  you should be
obedient or not."

  joey flicked her hair back  and twisted her firm young face around.   This
time there was panic and her large brown eyes were damp with tears.

  "I must say joey, I feel a certain amount of pride in seeing your new
attitiude  develope so quickly, still, I also get a rather peverse thrill when I
think about  buggering your cute little bottom with the same whip I am going to
use in a short  while across those plump cheeks of yours."

   I used my first finger and my thumb on one hand to open joey's  bottom cheeks
wider and with my other hand I pushed with steady  pressure the whip handle
positioned against joey's exposed anus.

  joey had been strapped down, her buttocks fully rounded, her young  tight anal
cleavage pulled wide open.  There was shrill mewing from  her as the plum headed
whip handle slowly crossed the anal ring and  nosed its way in to joey's ass.

  I grinned, my eyes riveted to the handle of the whip as six  inches were ever
so slowly pushed up joey's ass.  My erection was as hard as a steel rod,
standing straight out at a 45 degree angel from my lap as I sat not a foot
behind this young tarts welted and buggered ass.

  After inserting the handle full measure up joey's bottom, I spent  a few
minutes rhythmically buggered her. First, with very slow, shallow strokes, 
twisting the plum shaped head just inside her anus, working the tight anal ring
and  listening to joey's soft urgent pleads.  Then I started working the whip
handle deeper, very slowly giving her slow deep thrusts, pushing the penis
shaped whip handle all  the way in her bottom, and holding it there for a
minute, then slowly working it back  out, inch by inch, as joey clenched and
moaned.

  I think joey was streached harder than see ever could have thought possible, 
her anal ring streached wide against the whip handle, her inside by now giving
off small little bursts of urgency as the liquid soap started working. 

  I watched her strong young cheeks writhering and contorting in a  way that
looked sexually suggestive, and wondered if I would be able to  wait the whole
30 minutes before I gave her a lesson with the leather  pony switch, and before
my aching cock could replace that lifeless whip in her hot tight ass.. 

   I pushed the whip handle all the way in quickly and let go.  The natural
contractions  of her anal ring pushed the handle back out, until it got to the
plum shaped whip head,  which was considerably larger then the body of trhe
whip.  That held fast. 

  I gave joey three or four smarting hand spanks across her purple welted ass
cheeks,  watching her legs contact, her ass cheeks bounding with each spank.....

    "I'll be back in 1/2 an hour joey......"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mr. Stefens


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





