BDSM Library - Her First Foray Into Submission




Her First Foray Into Submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman is gently led into the softer side of submission.
Her First Foray Into Submission

	You had told me to be ready and waiting for you when you arrived home. I
was in the kitchen dressed in the skirt and low cut blouse that you had bought
for me. I had on the underclothes you had told me to wear: a bra, garter belt,
stockings and crotchless panties. I heard the front door open and close and the
sound of the deadbolt locking. I shivered slightly as I felt your arms encircle
my waist and cup my breasts through my thin blouse. You whispered "Are you ready
my sexy love slave?" I nodded and you chuckled as you slipped a blindfold over
my eyes and tied it. "I knew you would be; you're such a good slave," you
whispered. You turned me around and began to kiss me; slowly at first and then
with more urgency until my breath was ragged and my lips swollen from your
kisses. Then you slowly made your way down my neck, kissing and sucking and
biting; knowing you were leaving marks on my tender skin to mark me as yours.
You kissed my chest where it was exposed by the low cut of the blouse and caress
my breasts.  I could feel my nipples harden through the fabric of the bra and
blouse. I felt your fingers hook into the low neckline of the blouse.  I gasped
as you ripped the blouse open and hear your satisfied chuckle as it falls to the
floor. You then kissed my breasts through my bra, teasing me and hearing my soft
moans.  I felt you reach around and unclasp the bra, then remove it from me. I
sensed your satisfied smile as I felt your gaze on me, heating my flesh and
feeling my nipples harden more under your gaze.  You softly touched your lips 
upon mine before  moving down to tease my breasts.  I felt your tongue on first
one nipple then the other, softly sucking on them.  I was moaning softly when
you stopped and taking my hands said "Is my slave ready for something new?" I
replied "yes Master" as you drew me across the room.

	You set me on the edge of the kitchen table and then told me to spread
my legs.  As I followed your order I could feel my wet pussy lips parting
beneath my skirt.  When my legs were spread as far as they could be, I felt you
tie each of my ankles to the table legs, keeping them apart for you. I heard you
get a chair and then sit in it in before me. You said, "You look so sexy with
your legs spread so wide.  Are you ready to prove what a willing little slut you
are for your Master?" I replied that I was and you told me to lift my skirt so
that you could see what is yours. I did so and followed your next instruction,
which was to part my pussy lips even further.  I felt my clit harden as the cool
air hit it and felt you run your hands slowly up my legs from the ties at my
ankles to my inner thighs.  You stopped just short of my pussy and chuckled as I
let out a frustrated moan as you slowly run your hands back down my legs without
touching my pussy. I could feel my juices flowing down and gathering in a pool
beneath me.  You noticed this and told me to slip a finger inside, get it wet
with my juices and then lick my finger clean.  I moaned as I slipped my finger
inside my dripping, hot pussy and then licked my sweet juices off of my finger.

	You said, "You're such a good slave.  I want you to put your finger back
in your pussy and slowly move it in and out." I did as I was told; making sure
my pussy lips were spread so that you could see that I was following your
instructions. After a minute or so you told me to put two fingers inside my
pussy and continue moving them in and out.  I did so; all the time moaning and
telling you that I wished it was your fingers inside me.  You said "Does my slut
want her Master's fingers and tongue inside her and massaging her pretty little
clit?"  I moaned my approval and you said "You must prove to me you want it.  I
want you to make yourself cum for me now and then I'll reward you, my slave."
Your words washed over me and I started moving my fingers in and out of my pussy
faster and harder.  I was coming closer to my orgasm as you said "That's my good
little slave; cum for your Master baby."  I moaned loudly as my orgasm flowed
through me and heard you say, "Now taste your fingers slave and know that only I
can make you do that and that makes you mine." I tasted the cum on my fingers
and said "Yes master.  I'm your slave."

	

	I felt your hands on my thighs and then your fingers slipping into my
pussy as you kissed my lips and then asked if I was ready for my reward.  I
nodded yes and your lips made their way down my body until I felt your lips on
my clit. As your fingers moved in and out of me, and as your tongue wrapped
around my clit, I came again. You lapped up my juices as I recovered and had me
suck my juices from your fingers. You kissed me and I could taste my juices on
your lips and tongue. I felt you untie my legs...and as you picked me up I
wrapped my legs around your waist and held onto your shoulders as you carried me
into the bedroom and set me on my feet beside the bed.

	You slowly finished undressing me by removing my skirt and the panties
and then unhooking the stockings from the garter belt and slowly rolling them
down my legs.  Finally taking the garter belt off and the last to come off was
the blindfold.  As I looked into your eyes I saw your desire for me.  Then I
noticed that you were still fully clothed. You slowly undressed before me and
told me no when I asked if you wanted me to assist you. When you finished
undressing you laid on the bed and told me to come to you. I climb onto the bed
between you legs and softly began licking your already hard cock.  After a few
moments you told me to stop and straddle your lap.  I did so; loving the feeling
your cock pressing against my pussy.  Then taking your cock in my hand I guided
your it into my pussy and moaned as I slowly lowered myself onto you.  I felt my
pussy stretching around your cock and heard your moan as I slowly begin moving
my hips.  Your hands caressed my breasts and then my clit as I gradually moved
faster.  I could feel my pussy walls tightening around you but before I could
cum you pulled me down onto your chest and quickly rolled over with me so that I
was on my back below you.  You pulled out of me and I see your throbbing cock
glistening with my juices. I look into your face and see you grin as you spread
my legs as far as they can go.  You held them there as you thrust as hard as you
could into my pussy; then slowly drew all the way out before thrusting into me
as hard as you could again.  You did this over and over as I screamed and moaned
and begged you to use me and fuck me harder.  I begged you to cum in me and as
you drew out you said to me, "That's it slave. I want you to beg me for it. 
Convince me that you want to make me cum."  I screamed again as you thrust into
me and as you drew out I begged you more, "Please Master. I'm here for your
pleasure, please cum please master.  I'm your slut master. Oh please..." You
thrust into me again but didn't draw out.  You let my pussy walls contract
around you.  Then you moaned as you start thrusting faster and harder into my
hot wet pussy.  I screamed out that I was cumming as you started cumming inside
my pussy but before you finished cumming, you pulled out and sprayed my stomach
and breasts with your cum.

	I laid there soaked in your cum as you smiled down at me and you said to
me, "You're such a hot little slave.  Does my cum taste good?" I scooped up some
of your cum with my fingers and moaned as I sucked my fingers clean. You said
"You deserve a reward.  .I'm going to give you my cock to suck on.  Would you
like that, my little slut?" I nodded and said "Yes Master." You moved from
between my legs and sat against the headboard of the bed. I crawled over to you
and knelt between your legs.  I slowly began licking your cock.  I could taste
our delicious cum on it.  You moaned as I took the head into my mouth and began
sucking on it.  Then You groaned as I slowly slid my lips down your cock; taking
it deep in my throat.  I could feel your cock harden more as I slowly caressed
it with my tongue.  I love the feeling of your cock throbbing in my mouth.  I
could feel the juices sliding down my thighs as I felt your hands in my hair. 
Suddenly  you pulled my head back so that I could see your eyes; your cock still
deep in my throat.  You told me to stay on my hands and knees as you pulled your
cock out of my mouth and moved around behind me.  I felt your cock brush against
my ass cheeks as you leaned over and whispered in my ear, "I've cum everywhere
but in your ass and I am going to soon.  You will be completely mine once I do
so."

	

	I shivered and moaned my approval as you slipped your fingers into my
pussy and drew out my juices and then inserted those fingers into my asshole. 
You then thrust your cock into my very wet pussy as you moved your fingers in
and out of my asshole.  You grasped my shoulder with your other hand and pulled
me back hard on your cock and fingers.  The feeling of your fingers in my ass
and your forceful pounding of my wet pussy soon had me on the verge of orgasm. 
Just as I was about to cum, you withdrew from my pussy and quickly pushed the
head of your cock into my asshole.  I bit my lip to stifle a scream as you
pulled me back onto your cock, burying it fully in my virgin ass. You started
moving back and forth, keeping a steady pace.  Withdrawing until just the head
was inside me and then quickly sliding back in to the hilt.  You slipped a hand
down to my pussy and massaged my clit with your fingers.  The feeling of your
hard cock in my ass started feeling good and as my moans got louder, you started
thrusting into me faster and moaning about what a good slut I was for you.  You
thrust into me faster and harder as I moaned out that I was your slut and for
you to use me like I was meant to be used.  I could feel your cock throbbing in
my ass and I started cumming as I felt you cum in my ass.  Trembling, we both
collapsed onto the bed, totally spent and covered in sweat.  You pulled me to
you and kissed me long and passionately.  Then you held me tightly as you told
me you couldn't ask for a better slave.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  bayou_sub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





