BDSM Library - Morzhay Cosmetics




Morzhay Cosmetics
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Rob's new job involves after-hours servicing of his hot Domme boss and her sub secretary in her office.
       Morzhay Cosmetics, Part I

      

       Is there anything as sweet as leaving the office late Friday afternoon,
going out to meet the guys for some beers and knowing that the evening, the
whole weekend, is just stretched out ahead waiting for you? Friday night, then
Saturday sleeping late, maybe some football in the park, tooling around, meeting
someone for dinner...

        "Mr. Narr, Ms Morzhay said she wanted to see you before you left for the
day."

       I stopped, not ten paces away from the door that led from the offices of
Morzhay Cosmetics and out to freedom.

        "She did? Now? Oh. Thank you Jennifer." Goddamn it.

       With Morzhay's secretary looking at me with a knowing grin, I couldn't
just make a run for it and disobey the boss' direct summons. But calling me in
for a sudden meeting like this on a Friday afternoon was not a good sign. When
they wanted to axe you at Morzhay, they did it on a Friday afternoon, so by the
time you realized what had happened, they'd all be safely away from the office.

       Still, I'd only been here two months. I couldn't believe I could have
screwed up so badly in that time to warrant the boot, and I certainly hadn't
heard anything through the grapevine. In fact, I thought things had been going
rather well. I'd just got Morzhay some choice shelf space in one of the larger
local drugstore chains, and sales overall were up 12 per cent since I'd started.
What could I have done?

       I couldn't read much in Jennifer's face. The receptionist was a copy of
her boss, cool and distant, haughty, with that same superior stare that could
make you feel like crawling under a rock. Jennifer was taller, almost six feet,
and she was a blond whereas Lilah's hair was a dark and rich chestnut. But they
both projected the same air of style and sophistication that was everything in
this business. Jennifer was more feminine, maybe prettier in a conventional
sense. But then, she was the first face visitors to the company saw, so it was
only right that she be drop-dead gorgeous.

       Not that Jen had anything on Lilah Morzhay. The former model who'd
parlayed her career into a multimillion dollar company might have lost some of
her ingenue freshness, but she had gained a more womanly beauty, richer and
riper than she'd had in her younger days. Her model's body had filled out, and
she knew just when and how to use it to her best advantage, subtly but
skillfully. Although Lilah tried to disguise her beauty in her conservative
dress, sensible glasses, and a businesslike demeanor, the curves and bulges
which showed so obviously through her tailored outfits had caused more than one
male to lose track of the subject at a company meeting. Females too, or so I'd
heard.

       But towards her employees, Lilah was all business, a fact I reminded
myself of as I walked through the crowd of  people making their happy way to a
weekend of freedom. As they passed by me a few shot me curious looks. "Forgot
something." I said with an apologetic grin. "Forgot some work." No need to tell
them that Lilah was calling me on the carpet.

       Lilah's office was at the far corner of the floor, and by the time I got
there, just about everyone had left the office. Her door was usually open,
unless she was conducting critical business. I found it disconcertingly ajar, as
if she was expecting me, as if something important were about to happen.
Important and probably bad.

       I knocked on the open door. "Ms. Morzhay?"

       She was on the phone, her glasses low on her nose, her rich brown hair
pinned up atop her head. She glanced up at me and beckoned me in while
maintaining her conversation on the phone. "No dear, that's not enough. That
won't do. Well that's not my problem, Darling, it's his, and he knows it. Tell
him also that if he doesn't like it he can shove it. You got that, Darling? I'm
not negotiating with that cheap asshole any more. If he doesn't like it, he can
talk to legal!" and with that she cut off the call, pressing the hang-up switch
with her fingers but keeping the phone to her ear.

       "Come in, Rob." she said, glancing up over her glasses at me. "Come in.
Just taking care of some last minute business. before the weekend."

       Without missing a beat she punched a button in the phone and said. "Jen,
hold all calls. Tell them I've already left. Yes, he's here now. See that I'm
not disturbed. That's a dear."

       She hung up the phone. "Now, Rob, how are you? Have a seat, please."

       "Er... Jennifer said you wanted to see me?" I said, sinking into one of
the leather chairs that faced her desk.

       "Yes." She stood up from her desk and stretched. I couldn't help but
notice her full breasts pressing against the tight material of her blouse. I
quickly tore my eyes away. One of Lilah's most intimidating weapons was the way
she used her body, and it was fascinating to watch her work even when you were
the victim. It must have been her model's training, but it all looked so
natural. I suspected that every gesture was well-calculated and that she always
knew exactly how she looked and exactly the effect she was having. Lilah was
like that.

        She gave me a good look, then said. "God, it's been an absolutely
hellacious week. First those assholes at DRG with their asinine ad campaign,
trying to sell Morzhay Cosmetics like we're some sort of hemorrhoid cream, and
now the European expansion is running into some sort of Irish mafia who's trying
to stiff me on the contract price."

       Then she suddenly seemed to relax. Her features softened and she said,
"Well, that's what I'm paid for, isn't it? Listen, would you like a drink? I
know I would."

       I was a little surprised. I'd been in her office many times before, but
had never noticed a bar, and Lilah wasn't the type to keep a bottle in her lower
left hand drawer. But I said "Sure." When your boss invites to have a drink, you
don't say no.

       She went to a door at the far end of the office. I'd always assumed that
it led to a storage room of some sort, but she stepped into it and I heard the
clink of ice into glasses.

        "What'll it be?" she called out. " Scotch okay?"

        I could tell just from the way her voice sounded that the space was a
lot bigger than a supply pantry.

       "Uh, sure. Yeah, that would be fine."

       "Good." She called out. "Do you like single-malt? I just happen to have
some lovely stuff they sent me over from the Glasgow office. It's the only kind
I can drink.  Water?"

       "A splash, please."

       "Good. Just the way I take it." she said, coming out with the drinks. She
handed one to me and smiled, raising an eyebrow mysteriously. "Here's to
a...successful...relationship between us."

       "Sure." I said uncertainly and we both drank.

       Well, it looked like I wasn't going to be axed; at least not then. As far
as I know, your boss doesn't have a drink with you before telling your to clean
out your desk. But I still didn't know what I was doing there, and she knew it,
and seemed to enjoy it.

       "Good scotch." I said, just to say something.

       "You like it? I'll give you a bottle. They sent me a whole case."

       She leaned against her desk, holding her drink and still looking at me
with that bemused smile. I realized with embarrassment and excitement that she
was checking me out. Lilah Morzhay was checking me out!

       "How long have you been with us now, Rob? About two months, is it?"

       "Yes." I said, trying not to stare at her legs. "Two months this Monday."

       "You've put in a lot of hours since you've started here, and I thank you
for the hard work.. Tell me," she said with a slight smile, "your wife doesn't
get jealous of your job?"

       "No, well... I'm not married." I said.

       "Oh yes, that's right. How could I have forgotten." She seemed to find
this amusing as she thought it over, still looking at me.

       "Well, I'm very pleased with your work so far. That deal you swung with
Medco has really paid off. We're up 12 per cent for the quarter. That's paid for
the whole European expansion."

       "Thanks, Ms Morzhay. I think we can do better, too. I'm working on
Bettinger's, and the ads we're running in Trend have raised our brand rec up to
90 per cent among that demo."

       "Is that right" she said, again raising that eyebrow. But I had the
feeling that she wasn't listening to what I was saying.

       "That's excellent." She said, then took a sip of her drink  and placed
the glass on her desk, folding her arms over her chest.

       "I'll tell you why I wanted to speak with you." she said. "I have plans
for you. Carl's been working awfully hard too, and it looks like he's gpoing to
be retiring soon. Very soon. Wants to spend more time with his wife and kids,
that sort of thing."

       WIfe and kids. Right. Carl had two daughters away at school and a wife
who hated him.

       "Oh?" I said innocently.

       "I think you'd be perfect to take his place as manager of the home
district. What would you think of that?"

       Manager of the home district would mean a big hike in pay, a better
office, a lot of perks. "I'd say that would be great, Ms Morzhay! Just great!
I've got a lot of ideas I'd like to..."

       "I'd also like you to consider a more intimate relationship between you
and I." she smiled and I suddenly felt goose bumps  run up the back  of my neck.

       "Are you familiar with  my cabinet?" she asked. "I have a few close
advisors whom I rely on for help and advice in running the company. We kind of
jokingly refer to it as the Cabinet. I'd like to include you. Do you think you
could handle that?"

       Okay, maybe somewhere deep down I'd expected a promotion, or maybe just
wished for it. But this was an invitation beyond my wildest dreams. Morzhay's
cabinet was a circle of maybe five or six of her closest advisers. If Morzhay
had gone public they'd be known as the Board of Directors, but since Lilah still
owned 66% of the company, they were simply called the Cabinet. Most of these
people had been associated with Morzhay from the start, and, frankly, I was
shocked to be offered anything so big so soon.

       "I...I don't know what to say, Ms Morzhay." I stammered.

       "Lilah" she corrected. "At least in this office, please call me Lilah. In
front of others, I  prefer Ms. Morzhay."

       "Ms. Morzhay...Lilah...I don't know what to say!"

       She smiled coyly. "Well, why don't you think it over. You are interested,
though?"

       "Yes, of course, by all means!"

       She got up and came around to the front of her desk and posed herself
against it. Again that sly expectant smile.  "Of course your acceptance into the
cabinet is contingent on certain requirements."

       "Requirements?" I asked.

       She cocked her head, "Oh, nothing I think you can't handle. We look for a
certain level of business acumen and intelligence, which I think you've
demonstrated. Also...compatibility, loyalty, discretion. Mostly it's a character
thing. I look for people who I can get along with, who are willing to work with
me. Does that sound like you?"

       "Well, sure. I mean, if you're looking for a team player..."

       She reached and picked up her drink and waved it at me to cut me off.

       "You can drop that  MBA bullshit as of now, Rob." she said. "I run this
company from my gut instincts, and I've done pretty well. I've been watching
you, and my gut tells me that you're the man I'm looking for, which is someone
who's in tune with me, someone who I don't have to explain things to fifty times
a day, someone who doesn't deal in bullshit and who can read me like a book and
anticipate what I'm thinking and what I want."

       Again the chills flashed up to my scalp. What the hell was she saying to
me? And it didn't help that she had shifted around to sit side-saddle on her
desk, letting her skirt ride up her leg to show a very distracting chunk of
thigh, which she now began to rub with her hand.

       "And I'm not just talking in a business sense." she said, finishing her
drink. "I mean on a personal level, too. You see, running the company is a full
time, round-the-clock job, so I don't have much time for myself. I have to take
my recreation where I can find it. Here at the office, often as not. Carl was
very good about helping me unwind, but I think he's about exhausted. Can't
handle it anymore. That's why I'm offering his position to you. Do you
understand?"

       I finished my drink too, trying to keep my hand from shaking.

       "You see that door over there?" she asked, gesturing to the small door
from which she'd brought the drinks. "Know what it is?"

       I shook me head, afraid to try my voice.

       "It's my private room. My home away from home. A bedroom. Private, quiet,
with a full bath and a wardrobe of clothes; exercise equipment, everything I
need. Including a big, comfortable bed. It's a secret of mine, and I don't want
you to tell anyone else about it. It's where I like to relax."

       She stood up and stretched, pushing her tits out again so that gaps
appeared between the buttons of her blouse where the fabric stretched tight over
them. I knew my face was red, and embarrassed as I was, my dick sprang to life
within my shorts.

       "For instance, right now I have a terrible headache, and my back is just
tied in knots." she said as she sat down in the armchair opposite me, crossing
her gorgeous legs and hiking her skirt up slightly to show me her knees. "As my
advisor, what would you recommend?"

       A good long ride on my stiff pole is what came to mind, but I had the
sense not to say that.

       "Oh, well, I can get the kinks out. I used to be pretty good at this." I
said as I went over to her and placed myself behind her. She let her head hang
down as I began to knead the tight muscles on either side of the neck.

       "Mmm." she moaned softly. "That's nice. Very nice. You see, I knew I was
right about you."

       I bent over and worked at her back until mine began to ache, so I got in
my knees behind her and continued the massage as I felt the knots and kinks
dissolve beneath my fingers. She was well-muscled, yet had the soft, yielding
womanly feel that always drives me nuts. As I continued to rub, I leaned forward
to enjoy the smell of her body and her perfume as it wafted through her collar,
delicate and rare and enticingly erotic. This was a woman who knew how to take
care of herself and gave herself only the very best.

       When her neck was fully relaxed  I began work on her shoulder, slipping
my hands beneath her jacket. There was little room to work, so, I instinctively
pushed her jacket down.

       "Wait," she said. "I'll take it off. And be a dear and hit the dimmer. I
don't like all that light in here."

       I did as she said, dialing the lights down to a comfortable yellowish
glow, then came back to her. She'd removed the jacket, and I went to work on her
shoulders, loving the feel of her body through the fine silk of her blouse. The
sight of her neck, bare except for a thick gold chain, excited me, as did the
warmth from her body. I remembered how the Japanese considered a woman's neck
one of her most erotic zones, and understood why.

       I was achingly hard now and went so far as to slip my hands through the
neck of her blouse to rub her bare skin. My boldness elicited another
appreciative moan from her, but that was all. She didn't tell me to stop or
resist me in anyway. She leaned her head on the back of the chair, eyes closed,
so I could examine her face. She wore little makeup that I could see, some
pearly lipstick, some subtle eye shadow. No, she was a natural beauty, her skin
flawless without a hint of powder or perspiration. She appeared to be asleep,
her perfect lips just slightly parted. and I had to suppress a sudden urge to
clamp my mouth over hers and ram my tongue down that swan-like throat

       But was this all she wanted? Just a back rub? I couldn't believe that,
but I hesitated before daring to do anything else. It just felt so good to
caress her so intimately, this woman who had it all; money, fame, beauty, youth.
Not to mention those gorgeous tits and inviting thighs.

       I don't remember consciously deciding. I might have just been so into it
that I didn't think. But I suddenly removed my hands from beneath her blouse and
ran them boldly down the outside of her breasts. She arched her back slightly,
pushing her tits into my hands, soft and firm and heavy, and I began to knead
them gently. They were real, and every bit as gorgeous as the rest of her, soft
and firm and heavy in my hands. Her bra was no more than a scrap of lace that
perhaps kept her from jiggling too enticingly, and I could clearly feel the nubs
of her nipples  harden against my palms as I hefted and stroked these delicious
orbs.

       Again she made no move to stop me. She let her head loll forward, again
with a grateful sigh. "Yes. That's nice. That feels very nice. Don't stop, Rob."

       I could feel her hot breath on my wrists as I worked, coming faster and
deeper. The mindless adolescent in me screamed 'Second base! A stand-up double!
You're going to score, Robby, you're going to score!!'  I couldn't stop myself
from taking her erect nipples between thumb and forefinger and gently rolling
and pinching them.

       She jerked her head up with a sharp intake of breath and covered my hands
with her own, soft and cool, encouraging me. "Harder, Baby." she breathed.
"Pinch them harder. It feels good! Come on, let's see you get me hot! Get me
hot, Baby."

       I would have stayed there forever kneading her breasts. Each time I
squeezed her nipples she gasped and her hips gave a little coital jerk, until
finally they began to slowly gyrate in an unmistakable imitation of sex.

       She suddenly roused herself and pulled my hungry hands from her. She
looked back at me and grinned. "You're not half bad. You take your time. I like
a man who doesn't rush. Now come over in front of me. Take off your pants and
kneel on the arms of my chair. I want you in my mouth."

       I didn't lose any time. I kicked out of my shoes, stripped my pants and
shorts off, and pulled off my socks. (I've always hated the thought of a man
naked except for socks. It just looks so ridiculous.)

       Lilah Morzhay was so formidable a woman that even in my fantasies (who
doesn't fantasize?) I worried about being able to keep it up in her presence.
But I needn't have worried. My cock was as stiff and as hard as a bar of iron,
and I ached to make contact with anything. Kneeling on the arms of her chair
brought my unit to within inches of her moist lips, and I could look down and
see everything.

       She brought her face close to me, and seemed to bask in the heat from my
dick for a moment, her eyes heavy-lidded and lips parted. Then her tongue came
out and touched me and I suppressed a groan. I wanted to shove it into her like
an animal and fuck her face until I shot my wad all over those perfect features,
but somehow I held back. And she did not make me wait. Her mouth opened and she
took me in with a soft moan. I felt the slippery friction of her lipstick as she
took me half-way into her mouth, and then explored me with her skilled and
curious tongue. She seemed to be tasting me, getting to know me, seeking out my
special pleasure points. And she was very, very good.

       I'd like to describe heaven to you, but I can't. All I can do is describe
what I felt next. I saw her hiking her skirt up with her right hand as she held
the base of my cock with her left. I could see no further down than the top of
her hips, but I saw her hand begin a rhythmic stroking motion, and knew that she
was masturbating as she sucked my cock. The realization hit me hard, and I had
to concentrate not to spill it right then and there. Instead I started pumping
my hips into her face, matching the motions of her head. The vibrations in the
chair told me she was now getting rough with herself. Glancing over my shoulder
I could just make out her knees opening and closing as she worked.

       Finally-too soon for me-she stopped, turning her head to the side so that
my pumping prick hit her in the cheek, and said. "Enough. That's enough. Stop."

       She was still the boss, so I did as she said. I looked down at her and
she smiled a wicked smile at me. She seemed very pleased with herself and with
me. She slapped my lightly on the ass and said "Down."

       I climbed off the chair and she sat up, reached behind her and unfastened
the gold chain from her neck.

       "I have particular tastes when it comes to sex," she said, her lips still
glistening from my dick. "Not all men have what it takes to satisfy me. I like a
man who is secure in his masculinity. Very secure..."

       Sounds good to me, I thought.

       "So secure he can surrender it when needed." she smiled again, dangling
the chain from her hand. "I think you're up to it."

       She got up from the chair and went to her desk, put the chain on top of
it and unlocked a drawer and began to rummage around in it, looking for
something.

       "Take off your clothes and come over here." she said. "Let's see if you
have what I'm looking for."

       I did as she said, shucking off my remaining clothes and throwing them on
a chair.

       "Now turn around" she said. "I'm going to handcuff you. Do you have any
problems with that?"

       I cleared my throat. "No." I said. What the hell.

       "Good." she took my hands and brought them behind me, and I felt the cold
metal of the cuffs as she locked them behind my back. "Don't worry." she said.
"I won't hurt you. Not too much. But be good and I think you'll find it's worth
it."

       With the cuffs attached she pressed her body against mine, her mouth to
my ear, her warm hand closed around my cock. "Did you like what I did to you in
the chair?" she asked in a low whisper, running her tongue around my ear. "Well
that's just a sample of what I can do for you if you behave. But Lilah must have
her way. Can you handle that?"

       "Yes." I said again. Then, suddenly falling into the spirit of the game,
I said. "Shall I call you Mistress?"

       She stepped back so I could see her face suddenly open into a broad grin
as she realized that I knew what she was doing. "Yes, you may." she said, trying
to repress her smile but not entirely succeeding. "Yes you may. But you are only
to address me when I give you permission, is that understood?"

       "Yes Mistress." I said.

       "Good. I can see that you are a good boy. Your safe word is three short,
three long and three short, but use it only when you absolutely must, because
that will end our session, perhaps forever. I am not excessively cruel, no more
than I have to be. But I will have my way. Do you understand?"

       "Yes Mistress, I do."

       She grinned again. "Good, Rob. Very good. I've found that most men have
too much of the beast in them for my tastes. They have no control, no finesse.
They must be taught to give pleasure, not just to take it. Don't you agree,
Rob?"

       "Yes Mistress, I do."

       "One more thing. I may invite my secretary to join us to record our
session. I like to record my sessions. It's a good way to keep track of our
training, and I like to watch men make love to me. So she may come in to tape
our activities, or perhaps to get involved herself. But you are not to touch
her, or even look at her, without my permission, understand?

       "Yes, Mistress."

       Jen? Recording our session? The thought hit me like a hammer. If it were
humanly possible to get any harder than I already was, I would have. Of course!
They were lovers! I knew that Jen was Morzhay's right-hand girl, always
anticipating Lilah's every whim, and that she was a member of the inner circle,
but I'd just assumed she was there in her capacity as secretary. Now I knew
there was a lot more to their relationship. Could I be so lucky as to possibly
have both of them? Or-almost better-would they make love to each other in front
of me? Hell, she can tie my ears to my elbows and whip me fucking raw if I could
just get to watch those two gorgeous cunts go at each other!

       As I was engaged in these lofty thoughts and trying to keep myself from
creaming all over her teakwood desk, Lilah was strolling around me and coolly
appraising what she saw. She picked up her chain from her desk and stretched
between her hands.

       "You little fuck!" she said. "I know what you're thinking, and don't you
fucking dare!"

       With that she lashed out, whipping the chain expertly against my chest.
It stung like hell, but she didn't break the skin. I knew she could have had she
wanted to.

       "Jennifer is my property." she said coldly. "Everything here is my
property. You don't even think about her with my permission! Or I swear I'll
beat you till you can't walk! I'll leave you standing there while I have her
suck me off right here in front of you, while you can't do a fucking thing! How
would you like that; us coming in front of you and you couldn't even grab your
little pickle for relief! Male bastard!"

       Well, she certainly was in tune with my thoughts.

       "You look so ridiculous, all naked with your little boner sticking out."
she said as she slowly wrapped the chain around my cock. She arranged it so that
it was like a collar and leash, then she used it to pull me away from her desk.
I had no choice but to shuffle after her.

       "Now stay there." she said.

       She turned her back to me and unzipped her skirt and stepped out of it.
She wore white silk bikini panties which she'd put on over her garter belt, a
sure sign that she'd dressed with sex in mind. The panties molded to the globes
of her ass like a second skin, and were in stark contrast to the black stockings
and garter belt she wore, decorated with tiny red bows. She unbuttoned her
blouse and slid it off her arms, letting me see the fawn-colored bra I had only
felt before. As she undressed she folded her clothes casually but with attention
and draped them over the arm of the chair.

       She turned back and gave me a good profile shot, knowing exactly what she
was doing as she showed off her long legs, her tight, shapely ass, the curve of
her back and proud thrust of her tits, all crowned by that coldly beautiful
face. It was easy to see her as the world-class fashion model she once had been.
She knew how to show off what she had and obviously liked doing so

        I could also see what had driven her from the business: boobs like that
were more than a model could afford. She'd just gotten too ripe, too womanly for
modeling. But she just perfect for taking a big hard cock between those long
legs and riding it to cream town, if you'll pardon the expression.

       She let me see the entire package, even running her hands down her
curves, gripping the crotch of her panties and using it to work herself off
with, teasing herself, teasing me.

       "So do you think you have what it takes, Robby?" she asked, arousing
herself more. "You think you have what it takes to please me? Would you like to
play with me?"

       "Yes, Mistress." I said, "Very much, Mistress."

       She cat-walked slowly over to me, her hips rolling in the exaggerated
sexual gait of a runway model. She ran a hand through my hair, then grabbed it
and pulled my head back and pushed me against a book case. She lifted a nylon
clad leg and ran the inside of her thigh up and down my legs.

       Her chain was still around my cock and starting to dig into the sensitive
skin in a painful but not unpleasant way. I could feel myself seeping love lube
already, could feel it drooling onto her stockinged leg as she toyed with me. No
doubt she felt it too.

       "Turn around." she suddenly ordered, releasing my hair. "Face the wall
and don't look. You're such a pig! I can't stand the fucking sight of you!"

       I did as she said. If the cost of all this was allowing her to get her
rocks off on me,  that was okay with me. And what the hell, I'll admit that the
thought of letting a self-assured bitch-goddess use me for her sexual toy wasn't
unappealing. As long as I got to blow my load in her general vicinity when the
time came, she could do what she wanted with me.

       I heard her leave the room and go back into her little bedroom, the sharp
click of her stiletto heels where she crossed the uncarpeted margin of the room.
She was gone only a moment before I heard her re-enter. I made sure I didn't
move.

       "Hold still." she said. She slipped a strap around my arms just above my
elbows, cinched it tight, and buckled it, further immobilizing my arms.

       "Lift your foot up" she commanded, and I raised my right foot, balancing
precariously on my left as I felt her attach a leather cuff to my right ankle.
Then she did the other ankle. She knelt down briefly and snapped a length of
chain to the two ankle cuffs, then stood up.

       Her soft hand rubbed my ass and she purred. "Whose ass is this, slave?
Who owns this ass?"

       "You do, Mistress." I said.

       "You're damned right I do!" and with that I felt rather than saw her move
behind me, and felt the lash of a whip burn across my behind. From the feel of
it was some sort of cat. I gasped in surprise.

       There is something truly shocking about being whipped. It's not just the
pain, but the violation of one's body, the denial of respect, as if you're no
more than an animal. For a moment I was shocked and outraged. I knew it was just
a sexual game, but I flushed with real anger.

       She paused to gauge my reaction, then whipped me three more times, each
one a little harder than the one before. It stung-I won't say it didn't-but it
didn't hurt as much as I'd anticipated.

       Then her hand was back, sliding over my burning butt, stroking, soothing.

       "Good little slave." she said softly. "Do you like it?"

       "Yes, Mistress." I said. "Please may I have another?"

       I didn't have to see her to know she was smiling. I felt her lean back
and she hit me 4,5,6 times, vicious strokes that burned and created a strange
fire on the inside as well.

       I realized then that the whip she was using was simply too soft and
supple to really hurt me. It was like she was whipping me with a bunch of
ribbons. They sounded ferocious, each stroke whistling through the air, but
their effect was less than some birthday spankings I'd had. In some ways I was
rather disappointed, though I wouldn't think of saying so.

        What was really thrilling, though, was the way Lilah's excitement grew
with each stroke of the whip. She was actually building herself up into a heated
sexual frenzy as she whipped me again, and again, swearing and grunting as she
wailed at my ass.

        Immediately followed the final lash she pressed those big, firm tits
against me, now damp with her hot perspiration, and began to hump my hips with
her pelvis. She held the whip in her right hand and began feverishly clutching
my ass while with her other hand she grabbed my cock which still was wrapped in
her neck chain and began masturbating me. I felt her wetness through her sopping
panties as she ground her cunt against me, panting hot in my ear. Her tongue
probed me passionately and she moaned, "Such a big, strong man, aren't we? And
your little cock is so big and hard!"

       She again stepped away from me and took up with the whip again. This time
the strokes were slow, and hard. I could hear her grunt with exertion as each
blows fell, and by glancing up and the blackened glass of the bookshelf I could
see her reflection in the dim light. She had crazed, intense look on her face,
and she reared her arm high behind her before bringing the whip down with all
her strength against my ass.

       This time it hurt, but the pain, combined with her grunts of effort, and
the sight of her, the way her big breasts rolled and quivered on her chest with
the exertion of each blow, all were combining to drive me crazy.  Occasionally
she missed, either intentionally or by accident, and the lashes curled around
and bit into the tender flesh of my hip, and that hurt like hell. I let myself
go and began to groan and yell with each stroke, and that just seemed to fire
her up even more.

       Finally she stopped. My ass was on fire now, no denying it. The room was
thick with the smell of her perfume from her overheated body and with a feral,
sexy funk that that was even more exciting. In the black glass I could see her
stripping off her bra and stepping out of her limp panties, leaving only her
dressed only in her black stockings and stiletto heels. The tears in my eyes
were real, but they didn't keep me from examining her intriguing mound, neatly
trimmed to a small rectangle.

        It had to be now, I thought, I can't take anymore.

       "Turn around, slave!" she ordered

       I turned to see her smoothing her hair back from her sweaty forehead, her
breasts rising and falling rapidly as she caught her breath from the exertion of
the whipping. In the dim light of her office her skin shone with sweat, making
her look all the more feline as she walked to her desk.

       She stopped and placed a hand on her desk for balance as she skinned off
her panties and dropped them to the floor. Then she reached behind her in that
awkward show of elbows women use when they remove their bras, and the filmy
garment slid off her arms as well.

       She pressed the intercom button. "Jen, get your ass in here now!" she
barked.

       Then with one sweep of her arm she cleared the top of her teakwood desk,
sending everything crashing to the floor, the desk lamp thudded and the bulb
exploded in a flash of light, the phone fell and bounced, all her papers, the
files she'd been working on, the blotter, her pen and pencil set, all leaded in
a heap on the floor, and she kicked them aside with her gleaming black pump.

       "Now come here!" she commanded.

       I shuffled over to her, my ass aching, and held still as she put a
leather collar around my neck, buckled it, and clipped a silver leash to it. She
leaned up close to me and I could feel the heat of her body. Her breath was like
fire on my lips. She yanked on the chain so that I was forced to look down into
her gray eyes, now smoldering with lust and excitement..

       "Good slave!" she said. "You've passed your first test. You've earned
your little reward. Isn't that exciting?"

       I groaned again as I felt her fingers at my cock. She backed up towards
her desk, pulling along by that chain around my cock. When she reached the desk
she released me. She, wriggled her ass up on the desk,  took hold of my neck
chain, then raised her feet, hooking her heels over the edge of the desk and
leaned back on her elbows.

       Her ass was now positioned at the very edge of the desk, he knees spread,
her heels hooked on either side. In one hand she held my neck chain, and in the
other she still brandished the cat. I could see her neat triangle of trimmed
pubic hair, and the dark, blood-engorged folds of her pussy before me. I prayed
to what gods there might be to let me get my mouth on that exquisite muff, and
my prayers were answered.

       "I want you to eat me now." she said. Her features were stern, her
nostrils flared. "But I don't want you to root around down there like a pig,
like you men always do. You will caress me with your mouth, tenderly, like the
sweet and delicate treasure that I am. Do you understand?"

       She jerked my chain and my head lurched forward. "Yes, Mistress." I said.
"I'll be most respectful."

       "See that you are!" she said.

       I lowered my head to the task, extending my tongue but not yet touching
her. For a moment I only breathed on her, noticing the way her smooth belly rose
and fell with her excited breathing as she watched me.

       I made tentative contact with the inside of her thigh, above the top of
her stockings, where the flesh was softer than a newborn's behind, and licked
small circles towards her pussy, stopping at the seam where her leg joined her
body, and licking softly-very softly-up and then down that seam. I then turned
to the other thigh and did the same, and was rewarded as I felt her flesh jump
beneath my tongue.

       Then, rather than assault that beautiful pussy, I forced my face lower
until I found the crease between buttock and back of thigh, and followed that up
to her crack. Blowing and softly kissing, wiggling my tongue, I slid up her
crack until my tongue reached her asshole, which I teased with my probing
tongue.

       I must have caught her by surprise, for her hips gave a convulsive jerk
and she let out a gasp of surprise and pleasure. I flicked my eyes up to see her
staring at me intently, her mouth open in pleasure, her eyes burning into me.

       "Yesss!" she hissed. "Do that you little fuck! Suck my asshole! Lick me
out!"

       Her anus was delicious, dark and secret and feminine, puckered like a
rose blossom and smelling faintly of her perfume. She dropped my neck chain and
I felt her fingers tangle in my hair, pulled my face tighter into her ass, and
grinding her behind  hungrily against my face while I tried to get my tongue
inside of her.

       I heard Jen enter the office at this point, but I was really too far
involved with Lilah's ass to care. Jen approached the desk and stopped some feet
away. She seemed to be busy with something, I really didn't pay it too much
attention. Lilah didn't acknowledge her either. She just let go of my hair and
grabbed her ankle, pulling it towards her to expose more of her bottom to my
lips and tongue.

       Teasing her, I slowly let my tongue wander across her sensitive
peritoneal flesh between anus and vagina, stopping to kiss her there. My touch
made her frantic, and she groaned loudly, then struck down at me with her whip,
catching me across the shoulders.

       "Do it, bastard!" she hissed. "Eat me now! Eat that pussy!"

       The whip startled me, but I knew I was getting to her. Her asshole and
buttocks were now wet with my saliva, and she had partially rolled to one side,
lifting a knee up to her chest to give me free access to her crotch. I tickled
my tongue along her vulva, barely touching her while she panted and twisted her
hips around, trying to force contact. The smell of her lust was hot in my
nostrils and so intoxicating I almost lost it.

       It was probably the chain on my dick that kept me from shooting right
then and there. I felt the initial spasms of orgasm but the tight constriction
of the chain frustrated any attempt to ejaculate, and I fought to regain
control.

       I couldn't use my bound arms to spread Lilah's lips, so I was forced to
nuzzle and lick my way inside her, and my efforts seemed to excite her terribly.
Despite what she'd said, I was now sucking and licking her exactly like a pig
with his face in a bucket of slops, gulping down every mouthful of her steaming
nectar as she fucked her cunt up against my working lips. I'm afraid I even
might have made grunting, pig like sounds as I ate her out, but by now she was
moaning and swearing and hissing between her teeth and didn't seem to notice.

       I finally used my nose to force her open and expose her clit, which I
then swiped gently with my tongue, bringing sharp cries from her throat.

       The whip crashed down on my back again, and again as I worked that little
nubbin and she was obviously on the very verge of losing it when she again
grabbed my hair and pulled my head away, crying, "Stop! Stop! You motherfucker!
That's enough! Stop!"

       I raised my head. I knew my cheeks were shining with her juice, her tits
were heaving with her excited breathing, her fierce eyes had a glassy sheen.
They seemed to look at me without really seeing.

       I noticed Jen standing about ten feet away. I recognized her coat, a long
tan trench coat that she wore to the office most days, and shiny black boots
with wicked heels. Her coat was open and I could see her naked flesh within. She
seemed to be wearing some elaborate leather or vinyl harness; I could see the
black straps and the glimmer of bright silver chains, but I couldn't make out
the entire outfit.

       Before her stood a video camera on a tripod, aimed right at the desk, and
apparently she had been filming what was going on between Lilah and I.

       What really drew my attention, though, was the wild garish makeup Jen was
wearing. I was used to seeing her in the subtle and sophisticated colors favored
by Morzhay, but now she was made up like a whore, with greenish-silver eye
shadow and brilliantly red and glistening lipstick.

       Immediately I felt the sting of Lilah's whip once more.

       "Little prick!" she hissed. "I told you not to look! She's none of your
business! You are to keep your eyes and your thoughts focused only on me, do you
understand? On me only!"

       "Yes, Mistress." I said apologetically. No sense in trying to explain
that it's kind of instinctive to look up when you hear someone enter a room
while you're engaged in lewd oral congress with someone. This was all some sort
of twisted game, but a game I definitely wanted to learn to play, so I obeyed
without objection.

       Lilah stood up straight on her desk, her chest heaving.

       "Now get up here on the desk. On your back. I want to fuck you!"

       The desk was huge enough so that she could stand to one side while I
scootched up on the top. I butt-walked back on my aching cheeks until I was
mostly on the desk, then tried to lie down, but it was impossible with my arms
pinioned behind my back.

       Lilah draped her whip over her shoulder and reached down to unfasten the
strap. My wrists were still tied behind my back, but I could at least lie back.
She then unwrapped her gold chain from my cock, studying me carefully as she did
so. It was huge, angry red, the veins pulsing, the tip almost purple with hot
blood. Precum almost poured from me, and Lilah took a moment to smear it around
the head of my cock, almost setting me off again.

       "I'd say he's ready." Lilah said.

       "More than ready." Jen agreed in a voice smoky with sex.

       Lilah straddled me, then got down on one knee, her pussy over my cock.
Reaching beneath her, she took my piece and slid it several times up and down
her slit, soaking it with her juice and parting her labia. Then, holding it in
place, she inhaled sharply through her nose, shut her eyes tight, and lowered
herself onto my rampant cock.

       Her face was a mask of lust and intense concentration as she focused all
her being on the feeling of my rod sliding into her body, parting the engorged
tissues of her vagina, flattening out all her internal wrinkles and filling her
empty sheath to bursting with male flesh.

       "Ohhhhh!" she groaned in disbelieving delight. "Ohhh, that's so fucking
good!"

       When I was no more than three-quarters in her she stopped, leaned on her
hands and pulled her kneeling leg up to squat on her heels on the hot spear that
invaded her cunt. Her eyes remained tightly shut. She put both hands on my chest
and began to fuck herself on my joint, raising slowly up, then down, each time
taking a little more of me into her, gasping and hissing with pleasure.

       I heard Jen at the camera murmur. "Yes, baby! Fuck him! Fuck him good!"

       Lilah made no comment. Squatting on her high heels over my cock, her
knees against her tits, her head thrown back, mouth open, she gasped out her
pleasure as she slowly rode my greasy pole, slowly steered it left and right
inside of her with subtle movements of her hips. Her hands turned into claws
that clutched painfully at my pecs, but I scarcely felt it.

       "Jen!" she hissed, "Jen, get over here! Do my ass! Do my asshole, baby!"

       Out of the corner of my eye I saw Jen shrug off her coat. I could see her
big, proud tits thrusting naked out of the black vinyl teddy she wore, wobbling
as she quickstepped to the edge of the desk. I felt her cool hands on my shins
as she positioned herself between my legs, then the delicious feel of her jugs
brushing my knees as she bent to minister to Lilah's puckered asshole as the
brunette leaned forward to give her access.

       Lilah's gorgeous tits now scraped across my chin as she pressed herself
down against me. I was dying to suck a tit into my mouth, as they slapped softly
against my lips, but Lilah hadn't given me permission, and I didn't want to
queer the deal now, not when I was so close to blowing that monster load into
her clutching, quivering snatch.

       Lilah gave a long, keening moan, her teeth clenched together, and started
fucking me faster. I could feel Jen's chin brush against my balls as she tried
to plunge her tongue into Lilah's churning ass, and that nearly was my end.
Amazingly, I didn't come, though I felt the sparks of orgasm rip down from the
head of my cock to my asshole, and felt the convulsive spasms of my meat tight
in Lilah's snatch, but nothing came out. It was like I came without ejaculating.
Nothing like that had ever happened to me before, and I didn't know what to make
of it. Had she bruised me with that chain, had the whipping somehow shorted out
my ability to shoot?

       I didn't know. I was blind with fuck lust and wasn't thinking clearly. I
wanted so much to grab Lilah's soft, muscular ass and pull her tight down on my
spike until she screamed, but with my wrists still cuffed together there was
nothing I could do. I stopped thinking altogether  and just opened my mouth and
captured one of those stiff little nipples, sucked on it like a man possessed,
bit it and heard Lilah scream long and loud as she rode slick and tight up and
down my throbbing pole.

       Suddenly she froze, stopped, my cock still in her. I tried to fuck up
into her but she held me still with her thighs. Her chest was heaving, her mouth
hung open as she panted for breath and  her fuck sweat dripped down on me.

       "Stop! Stop it!" she said to me. "Darling, stop!"

       Darling? That was the first sign of affection she'd given me all evening.
She was obviously nearly out of her mind with need, no longer the cruel
mistress, just a come hungry bitch determined to milk as much pleasure out of us
as she possibly could.

       "Jen," she panted. "Put it on! I want you in my ass when I come!"

       Jennifer must have known what she was talking about. I felt her face
leave my loins and heard a distinctly mechanical click over the sound of our
labored breathing.

       "Wait" Lilah said. "Take off his cuffs."

       She sat up straight, still holding my cock inside her, and Jennifer came
over to the side of the desk. A slim, black phallus jutted out from her groin,
made of rubber or plastic, held in place by a network of black leather straps
and bright silver buckles that encircled her hips. It was already greasy with
lube.

       I managed to roll slightly to my side and present my wrists to Jennifer.
I felt her fumbling with the cuffs, then they slipped free and she pulled them
away.

       My arms were at last free. I brought them to my sides and flexed my
fingers, trying to restore circulation.

       Shivery little spasms were running through Lilah's cunt, but by now my
cock had reached a strange point of near-numbness. I could still feel her, but
it was as if I were over-excited, as if a valve had jammed somewhere. Maybe I
should have been concerned, but the hell with that. I was rock hard and hot and
I just wanted to fuck all night. Nature would find a way.

       Jennifer resumed her place between my legs. "Lie forward, Baby." I heard
her say softly to Lilah, and the brunette did as she said, pressing her tits
against my chest, her eyes closed.

       "I'm going to grease you up now, Darling." Jennifer said. "It might be
cold."

       Lilah raised her head and looked me in the eye. Her face wasn't an inch
from mine. Her eyes were glazed, pupils dilated. "Hold my ass." she commanded
me. "Don't let me get away. Hold my ass and spread it wide!"

       I did as she said, filling my hands with the creamy richness of her
perfect asscheeks, and spreading them wide. My cock inside her could feel her
tighten as I spread her ass, and I felt her body tremble as Jennifer applied the
lube to her rectum.

       Lilah opened her mouth against mine and tangled her fingers in my hair.
The whip dangled from a strap around her right wrist.

       "Are you ready?" Jennifer asked.

       "Yes! Do it!" Lilah hissed against my mouth. I felt her squirm as
Jennifer pressed the black phallus against her anus, trying to penetrate. Lilah
moaned loudly into my mouth, and pulled at my hair so hard it brought tears to
my eyes."

       "Aggghhhh! Unh! Oh!" Lilah cried as Jennifer continued to push forward.

       "Ow!" she suddenly screamed as the head of the phallus popped through her
anal sphincter muscle. She bit at my lips, drove her tongue down my throat,
groaning all the time as Jennifer continued to force the plastic dick into her
rectum.

       "Ahhh! Ohhhhh! Do it, Jen! Do it to me, Baby! All of it! Fuck! Oh my
fucking God!" Her swearing and pleas continued as Jen pressed inexorably forward
into Lilah's ass, that perfect model's ass which quivered and trembled in my
grip as I held her spread open to receive that invading dildo.

       Lilah sobbed and gasped, licking and biting at my face and mouth in the
desperate passion engendered by the half pain/half-pleasure of the progressing
rectal penetration. She was like a madwoman, a woman possessed, completely out
of her mind, with an artificial dick up her ass and a real one sunk in her
vagina.

       I could feel the pressure of the dildo sliding into her on the underside
of my cock. I'd never felt anything like it, a delicious compression of my
boss-lady's cunt as Jennifer worked the rubber dick into her. I felt the
pressure of Jennifer's lithe body as she leaned her weight on Lilah, driving the
dildo into her to the hilt, and I could feel Jen's hips between my knees.

       I let go of Lilah's ass and slid my hand down till I could feel where the
dildo disappeared into the stretched ring between her buttocks. She was all
greasy with lube back there, and hot.

       "Oh! You goddamned bitch!" Lilah hissed. "Don't move! Don't fucking move!
Let me...I've got...I've got to get used to it! Unhhh!"

       Lilah raised herself up on her arms, panting heavily, her face a mask of
pain and lust. She looked directly at me, but I knew she wasn't seeing me at
all. She wasn't seeing anything. She was strung between pain and pleasure, all
her attention fixed on the dual invaders in her pussy and her ass. She bit her
lip. Her brows furrowed as she worked to relax her stuffed holes, she moaned,
cried out, obscenities poured from that perfect mouth in barely audible,
breathless pleas.

       "Oh fuck, it hurts, it hurts! Oh it hurts so fucking good! Fuck me in my
ass! Fuck my pussy! Make me come! I'm going to come! Oh, fuck I'm going to come!
Fuck me! Fuck me!"

       "Are you ready, Darling?" Jennifer asked her softly. "Are you close?"

       "Yes, yes!" Lilah whispered hotly. "Yes! Do it to me! I'm close, you
goddamned bitch, I'm close!"

       I felt the sweet drag as Jennifer pulled the dildo out slightly, making
Lilah groan. I reached for Lilah's tits, but Jennifer's hands were there first,
squeezing gently, tickling Lilah's nipples with long, red finger nails.

       I took one hand and crammed it down to where Lilah's body met mine at her
crotch, right where her clit was. It was awkward, but I held my hand there,
probing the hot and oily fold at the top of her pussy lips, where they were
mashed and stretched by my rod.

       Lilah's body began a spasmodic twitching or humping, I don't know whether
she was doing it consciously or whether it was just her body responding. From
her mouth came a constant keening wail that gave me goose bumps. Her eyes were
wide open in disbelief at the overwhelming sensations of this double fucking,
her gaze fixed sightlessly into space. Her mouth hung open as well, and saliva
dripped from her lower lip and fell on my chest. What the fuck did I care at
this point.

       I could barely move my hips with the weight of the two women on me, but
luckily I didn't have to. I could clearly feel Jennifer fucking Lilah's ass with
short brutal strokes. A man just doesn't screw like that. Her fucking was
impatient and somehow strangely feminine, but it was apparently just what Lilah
wanted.

       "Oh yeah, Oh yeah!" Lilah groaned. "Oh, I'm coming, I'm gonna come! Fuck
me ! Fuck meee!"

       Without warning, Lilah began laying about her with the whip still in her
hand. She lashed viciously at Jennifer, whipping her over her shoulders. She
tried to whip me too, but I was too close to her, so she concentrated on Jen.
She beat her like a jockey beats his horse as he comes down the home stretch,
her hips moving just like she was riding a Derby champion, groaning and cursing,
eyes on the orgasmic prize that was so close.

       Jennifer shrieked too as the whip found her. She picked up her pace and
increased her force, making Lilah's snatch pull and tug at my aching rod as her
body was buffeted up and back. She was so tight that when she moved the skin on
my cock moved with her, up and down, up and down, and with the heat of her, the
sweet clench of her cunt on me, the feel of her little clit growing and emerging
from its hood of skin, I began to lose it.

       I couldn't fight it, didn't want to fight it. My balls were aching, my
dick was sore, my prostate even felt huge. I was just praying for relief, I
didn't care about Lilah, didn't care about Jen. If I didn't come now I thought
my balls would just explode. I just let it go; lay back and let it happen....

       Let it...let...it...

       My come raced up through my shaft and blew into her hot and hard and with
incredible relief. I splattered the inside of her womb with my burning semen,
and Lilah felt the hot discharge jet into her too; a guttural scream ripped from
her throat, an animal growl as she pitched forward on me, dropping her whip,
clutching at my shoulders and mashing her lips to mine as I felt her sheath
spasm around my spurting cock, her body convulsing in my arms as I pressed her
to me, shoved up into her, and unleashed another gout of come into her clutching
tunnel.

       Jen must have felt it to, for I felt her fuck rhythm increase as she
slapped into Lilah's ass, and Jen began to moan in a hot, mindless chant, "Oh
yeah, oh yeah! Come in her! Come in the bitch's cunt, you motherfucker! Fill her
up!" I felt her nails dig into my knees for leverage as she punched the phony
cock into Lilah's bottom and held it there, quivering.

       As Lilah was overwhelmed by her orgasm she screamed out her pleasure into
my open mouth, biting and licking at my lips, clawing at my shoulders. Using all
my strength I rammed my unit up into her as far as I could go, mashing her pussy
lips against my pubes as I shot gob after gob of white lava up into her
throbbing, milking cunt.

       I was dimly aware of another sensation, a quivering or vibrating, and
through the delicious mist of my orgasm I realized that Jennifer must be coming
too, the trembling of her body setting off the tight shaking I felt imbedded in
Lilah's quim. She shouted and cried out in a  shaky, breathless wail as her come
took her; the dildo communicated her spasms of release through Lilah's ass to my
spurting prick.

       All three of us were groaning and wailing now as our juices splashed all
over each other in a mix of come, lube, sweat and saliva, and for a moment we
were all three joined into a single being, our pleasures connected through the
medium of Lilah Morzhay's incredible body. I didn't know where I stopped and
they began, we were all clenching, sweating, coming, spurting, gasping, and
clinging desperately to each other.

       Lilah was the first to go, I felt her arms shaking with the strain of
supporting her and she collapsed onto my chest as her gasps of ecstasy suddenly
tuned into great heaving sobs which squeezed my dick inside her, and served only
to milk the last drizzle of juice from my deflating cock. Jen too, I heard
gasping atop Lilah's body. I felt her pull the cock slowly from Lilah's ass. It
made a lewd farting sound as it came out.

       The load in Lilah's cunt was starting to seep out around my shrinking
cock, wetting ,y belly and balls, but Lilah continued to sob on top of me, her
tears wetting my chest. I was a little concerned; I'd seen women cry after sex,
but it wasn't something I expected from a tough Lady like Lilah. But then again,
I had never seen a woman come so fucking hard.

        I put my arms around her and tried to comfort her. I had the smarts not
to say anything.

       Jennifer was the first to untangle. She staggered back a few feet and
fell into one of the arm chairs and lay there panting. The back dildo was shiny
with lube and juice, and now I could see that there was a stalk underneath the
thing that went into her pussy; some sort of subsidiary dildo that allowed her
to fuck herself while she fucked Lilah. No wonder she'd come. She carefully
pulled it from her pussy, unsnapped the whole device from her harness, and just
dropped it on the floor.

       Lilah finally got herself under control. She sniffled in the last of her
tears, then, to my total surprise, she kissed me on the lips, tenderly and
lovingly, the way you'd want to be kissed after something like this.

       With visible effort. she managed to roll off me and flop over on her back
on the desk, so that we were lying side by side, breathing hard, trying to
regain our composure.

       Jennifer was the first to stir. She got up, and I heard her walking
across the plush carpet, then heard her boots click on bare floor as she entered
Lilah's private room. She came back with two towels and gave them to us without
a word.

       Lilah patted herself dry, carefully blotting her face and her chest. I
wiped the sweat from my face, then the mixed juices of our orgasms from my
groin. But I was still sticky, and the lather we'd worked up by our violent
churning still clung to my pubic hair.

       When we had all caught our breath, Lilah cautiously got down from the
desk and tested her legs.

       "Shall I start your shower?" Jennifer asked her.

       "Not yet." Lilah said. She walked over to the other arm chair and sat
down. Then, looking at me, she drew her feet up beside her on the cushion,
displaying her vagina to me.

       "So. How do you think Mr.Narr did, Jennifer?" she asked.

       The blonde secretary looked at me no sign of emotion on her icy face.
"All right, I'd say."

       Lilah was staring at me, smiling slightly. She reached down with two
fingers and parted herself, and I had to groan as I saw gobs of my come slide
out of her pussy and trickle down the crack of her ass. I could see her anus,
still distended and red, in the darkness below.

       She watched my reaction with that wicked grin again, then she smeared the
come around her pussy, finally lifting her finger to her mouth, and slowly
licked it off, teasing me.

       I started to harden again. I couldn't help it.

       "Yes, I think he did quite all right. For the first time."

       Lilah tried to hide a wicked smile. Then she pulled herself to her feet
and headed a bit unsteadily to her room. I couldn't take my eyes off her high,
proud ass, the ass that had just been mine. She glanced back over her shoulder
and said, "Be a dear, Jennifer and clean up this mess. And  clean off Mr. Narr,
as well. He's earned it. I'm going to shower and lie down for a bit; I'm
suddenly quite sleepy."

       She took a few more steps and looked back from her doorway. "She's all
yours, Rob. Just don't make too much noise?"

       I looked over at Jennifer. She didn't look happy, but she didn't dare
disobey Lilah.

       "And Rob?" Lilah said, "You'll be available this weekend?"

       "Er...yes Miss...yes, Lilah."

       "Good. I may be working late again tomorrow night. I might want to call
you two in. For business, of course."

       "Of course."

       "Of course."

       

       [To be Continued...]

Morzhay Cosmetics		Page 1

  

(c)dr_mabeuse 4/6/2002




       Morxay Cosmetics, Part 2

      

       So there I was, sitting naked on my boss' desk at seven o'clock on a
Friday evening in March, having just emptied my balls into the glorious body of
my boss, Lilah Morxay, president and CEO of Morxay Cosmetics (that 'x' is, of
course, pronounced as an "szh"-- but everyone knows that) while her stunning
secretary-slash-lesbian-lover screwed her ass with a strap-on. The same
secretary who now sat not twelve feet away from me, regarding me coldly, naked
except for the tight, black leather boots that clung to her legs and the black
vinyl S&M teddy outfit.

       The vinyl teddy stopped just below Jennifer's magnificent breasts, which
appeared to be supported somewhat by a small, shelf-type built-in bra. Leather
straps from this bra ran around and between her breasts and attached to a black
slave collar that circled her long, model's neck. Her breasts were large and
perfect, erect and proud, showing a shadowy and inviting cleavage between their
swollen fullness. The effect of the teddy was to make it appear as though she
were serving her tits up to me on a platter, the brown nipples begging for my
lips, the ripe and engorged flesh waiting for my fingers.

       Jennifer was a classic statuesque blonde of intimidating beauty, perfect
in every detail, from her magazine-cover face to her long, deliciously curved
legs. Her hands were smooth, aristocratic, her nails just the right length. Even
the beauty mark above her lip was placed perfectly. The only jarring note was
the loud and garish makeup she wore, but the contrast between her perfection and
the exaggerated, silver-blue eye shadow and bright crimson and wet-looking
lipstick was arousing, as it showed how willing she was to betray her own
classic beauty for cheap, whorish sexual pleasure.

       The only bad thing about Jennifer was that, well, she was gay. She was
Lilah Morxay's toy, and as Lilah herself had told me earlier, I was not to so
much as look at Jennifer without Lilah's permission. But Lilah, temporarily
fucked out, had just given me that permission. Had, in fact, ordered Jennifer to
"clean me up", and both Jennifer and I knew that Lilah hadn't meant a sponge
bath..

       Now Lilah was either in the shower next door, or already in bed. And
Jennifer and I were sitting alone in Lilah's office, the remnants of our recent
sex session scattered around us, checking each other out, and not, it was
obvious, with mutual admiration.

       "Well," I said, a bit too brightly, "you heard Lilah's orders." I tried
to make it sound like I wasn't for it either, but that an order was an order, so
what could I do? Acvtually I was dying to feel Jenn's long, lexxy tongue curl
around my rod, still dripping with Lilah's love-juice.

       Jennifer's blue-green eyes were icy. Without answering she bent over and
picked up her trench coat off the floor, where she'd dropped it in the heat of
our sex with Lilah. Reaching into a pocket, she withdrew a package of cigarettes
and a lighter. She took one of these fashionably long and slim smokes from the
pack, placed it between her lips and casually lit it, then exhaled a cloud of
blue-gray smoke right at me.

       I was surprised. She didn't seem like the smoking type. As she took the
cigarette from her lips, I noticed the bright red blot of lipstick on the
filter. It turned me on. I'm weird that way.

       "Is that what she said?" she asked coolly, cocking an eyebrow at me.

       You've got to understand that my relationship with Jennifer was a little
more complicated than my relationship with Lilah. Lilah was my boss, and up till
then had been way up the ladder and remote from me. I knew next to nothing about
her before she'd had climbed on top of me. But Jen I saw most every day. I was
one of a long line of male employees who'd tried to talk her up or get some
response from her; men were always finding an excuse to go over and talk to Jen
and she always shot them down with no more than one of her stony glances or a
frosty silence. But still they came back. She was the kind of woman you just
liked to look at, just wanted to be around, in case some miracle occurred.

       As I say, I'd made my share of clumsy advances towards Jennifer, and had
held my share of one-way conversations, all without making a dent. But all that
had changed now. I'd had my cock up Lilah's pussy while Jennifer was screwing
her ass. We'd all come together. I'd seen Jennifer lose it in orgasmic ecstasy.
That had changed everything. She couldn't hide behind her intimidating beauty
any more. She could sit there in her boots and teddy, tits hanging out, smoking
and looking down her nose at me, but now I knew her as she really was.
Everything had changed.

       "You don't like me much, do you Jennifer?" I asked her.

       She took a drag, exhaled another plume of smoke. "It's nothing personal."
she said. "I just don't care much for men."

       "Well, that puts you in an awkward position, doesn't it. " I said. "I
mean, Lilah told you..."

       "I know what Lilah said." Jennifer looked at me sharply, then she smiled.
"Really, I have nothing against men in general. They can be useful. If they know
their place."

       "And what is their place?" I asked her.

       She didn't answer me immediately. Instead she crossed her legs, placing
knee over knee, and sat up straighter in the chair, regaining her imperious
attitude. Her nipples were pale brown and the size of half-dollars, and I
wondered if they'd ever felt a man's lips on them.

       "Lilah and I are a lot alike." she said. "On the same wavelength. That's
why we work so well together. We have the same attitude towards life, towards
men, towards sex."

       It took me a moment to understand what she meant. When I did, I had to
smile.

       "Even when it comes to whips?" I asked.

       Jennifer took another drag and dropped the cigarette casually into the
drink Lilah had poured me, it seemed like ages ago.

       "It's not about whips, Mr. Narr." she said. Strange. around the office
she called me Rob, like everyone else. Now I was Mr. Narr.

       "It's not the whips. It's the control." she said.

       "I don't get you."

       "The whips, that's just Lilah. She likes that...that symbolism. But me, I
just like the control." She folded her hands in her lap and looked at me from
beneath the fall of golden hair. I recognized the look. It was the one Jen used
when important clients came to visit. Important male clients.

       "I like a man I can control. A man who'll do what I tell him to."

       Before I could reply, Jennifer brushed her hair back and leaned forward.
Her breasts hardly changed shape. She seemed remarkably at ease for a woman
dressed in nothing but boots and a breast-exposing teddy, talking to a man whose
privates she was expected to lick clean.

       "See" she said, "Lilah's right about men. Men don't know how to make
love. They're slobs. They're selfish. All they want is to get their rocks off on
you. They're like those little dogs that grab your leg and start humping you,
ridiculous and disgusting. Apes. They think because they have a pole hanging
between their legs that their God's gift. They don't have a clue!"

       I found myself nodding along to her litany of grievances. I was half
hypnotized by her, and half in sympathy of what she was saying. My dick was
telling me now that he was fully recovered from the previous session and ready
for more, and it was all I could do to try and keep him down as I listened to
Jennifer and thought about what was about to transpire between us. I had no
doubt that I was about to fuck this gorgeous piece of ass, was going to have the
privilege of being the first man to touch her in what I guessed was a long, long
time.

       But I had to be careful, had to be patient. For some reason, this
woman-loving woman was giving me a chance with her, a chance to give her
pleasure. Maybe it was Lilah's orders, maybe Jen just wanted to boss someone
around for a change and didn't care if it was a man or a woman. I had no qualms
about letting her do that. I knew now that by just giving a lady what she
wanted, you'd get paid back ten times over. And if that was the price for seeing
Jennifer come with my dick crammed up between those gorgeous legs, I was
perfectly willing to pay it.

       My pride? Hey, forget it. I had more important things in mind.

       But I wasn't about to let Jennifer treat me as Lilah had done. I mean,
it's one thing if your boss ties you up and whips your ass for her amusement. I
mean, she's your boss. But I'd be damned if I was going to let my boss'
secretary treat me that way. It was a status thing. I outranked Jennifer. If
anything, I should tie her ass up and pay her back for what Lilah'd done to me.

       Still, I didn't want to lose this fuck. I was aware that Jennifer hadn't
experienced the same mind-melting release that Lilah and I had. Her orgasm had
been kind of second-hand, so I figured that she was still horny and hot for
relief. And the way she looked, and looked at me, told me that the flames were
still eating at her. My problem was how to give her what she wanted (control)
while getting what I wanted (a good dickful of Jennifer) and at the same time
not coming off looking like her puppy.

       "Okay, Jennifer." I said. "So you want control. Nice. I appreciate that.
But I'm not going to let you make a toy out of me. You're not Lilah. You're
Lilah's secretary."

       A look of disgust crossed her face, and I could see the fury building in
her eyes.

       "But I can see where you're coming from." I added hastily. "And I think
we can work this out."

       She sneered. "Is that right?" she asked. "How?"

       "You can be the boss." I said. "I'll let you tell me what to do, you call
all the shots. All you have to do is wear the cuffs."

       I expected her to protest, or sneer again, but instead she looked at me.
Her leg, encased in the tight leather boot, began to swing slightly as she
thought this over, the slightest smile on her full lips.

       "The cuffs?" she sniffed. "I don't think so. How do I know you'd keep
your word?"

       "Are you afraid of the cuffs?" I asked her.

       "Don't be silly." she huffed. "With Lilah, I live in them. I just don't
know if I can trust you is all."

       I scootched down the desk until I could get my feet on the floor and
stand up. I kept the desk between myself and Jennifer so she wouldn't see how
hard I was.

       "Look, Jennifer," I said, "I'm going to be working with you and Lilah for
a long time. At least I hope so. I want us all to get along. I want to get along
with you. I want to give you what you want. What Lilah said, about your cleaning
me off, hell, forget it. But if I'm any judge I'd say you're still dying to get
off, and I am too. So why don't we just cut the crap and give each other what we
want? There's no reason we can't both get off. And isn't that what matters?"

       "I don't know." she said. "Is it?" She thought about this. I was getting
impatient. Those big jugs were staring at me like two eyes as she thought.

	"Okay." I said. "Tell me what you want to do."

	"What?"

       "Just tell me what you want me to do." I said. "I'll give you a
demonstration in good faith. What do you want me to do? Kiss you? Eat you out?
Lick your ass? Just tell me. Try me out."

       For the first time Jennifer smiled, an amused and slightly embarrassed
smile. "No." she said.

       "Come on. Control me, tell me what to do. Your wish is my fucking
command. Just say what you want. I'm your dog." I asked. "Should I crawl over
there and lick your boots?"

       "Don't be sick." she said.

       "Then what? What? Just tell me."

       She looked at me to see if I was serious. Then she said with only the
slightest sneer, "Okay. Yeah. Crawl over here and lick my boots. Let me see you
lick my boots. On your knees."

       Without hesitating I got down on the carpet on my hands and knees and
crawled over to Jennifer like a dog. She giggled self-consciously as I did, but
she stopped when I actually began to lick the toe of her shiny black leather
boot, running my tongue from the toe up over her instep to her ankle.

       She got very quiet as I continued to kiss and lick the black leather
boot, and on the occasions I flicked my eyes up to see how she was talking it I
saw her staring at me intently with more than curiosity in her blue-gray eyes.

       I licked my way up to the top of the boot, just below her knee, then back
down. I crawled around so I could get to the back of her leg, and felt her jump
as I softly bit at her calf. She sucked her breath in with a sharp hiss.
Something was getting to her.

       The boot tasted like leather and polish; it was very clean. I'm sure
Jennifer wore them only for sex. They were too tight and the heels were too high
for them to be worn on the street. They weren't patent leather, but they were
highly polished, and the one boot was soon gleaming with the trail of my saliva.
Knowing that Jennifer's sensitive flesh was a fraction on an inch from my tongue
kept me going, and the little twitches I felt when I bit at her in a sensitive
spot were getting me very hard.

       After awhile I stopped, but remained on my hands and knees. I looked up
at her face and was happy with what I saw. Her eyes were half closed, nostrils
flared somewhat. Without a word she uncrossed her legs and presented me with the
other boot.

       "Now this one." she whispered.

       I sat back on my heels. "Wait a minute." I said. "That was a free sample.
A try out. You know what I said."

       She sighed impatiently, reluctant to break the sensual spell. "Do you
really have to?"

       "That was the deal, Jennifer."

       She didn't say anything.

       I got up and got the cuffs off the floor, where Jen had dropped them
after taking them off me earlier. The key was still in them.

       It was impossible to hide my stiff cock, so I didn't try. I liked the
look on her face when she stared at it. Women always take a certain pride in the
size of the erection they cause, and Jen was looking proud.

       I walked over to her and she offered her hands to me, wrists together.

       "Un-unh." I said. "Behind the back."

       She looked like she was going to protest, and her eyes searched mine in a
sudden seizure of doubt. But then she slid forward in the chair and
half-turning, put her hands behind her back, crossing her wrists. I saw by the
way she presented her hands that she was familiar with the routine. No doubt
Lilah had used them on her many times before.

       I slid the cuffs around her wrists and locked them in place.

       "So help me God, if you fuck around with me..."

       I smiled. Having locked her wrists behind her back, I immediately got
down on all fours again, lay my face against the carpet and began licking at her
other boot, kissing it, sweeping it with broad licks of my tongue, showing her
she had nothing to fear.

       Jennifer slumped back in the chair, her imprisoned wrists forcing her
tits out invitingly. She slid down until her ass was at the very edge of the
chair. She lifted her boot higher, holding it straight out in front of her,
offering it to me.

       I held her boot in front of my face as if it were a rare and delicate
piece of art, I licked along the length, tasting it, kissing it, dragging my
lips along it, doing the best I could to be her obedient puppy, giving her what
she wanted.

       I suppose there might be a some thrill to seeing someone lick your boot,
but I'll be the first to admit I don't quite get it. I mean, I don't think I'd
be so aroused if the boot were on the other foot, so to speak, and if it was
Jennifer kneeling at my feet and licking my footwear. I could think of a lot
better things she could do with her tongue than give me a spit shine. But it was
having some effect on her. She was just hypnotized watching me, eyes half
closed, lips slack, her breath coming hot and deepand making her heavy tits rise
and fall faster and faster.

       "Do the heel" she said. Her voice was low and thick.

       I was playing my part by instinct, groveling at Jennifer's feet, licking
her boots, but all the time I was dying to get my mouth on her honey pot and
drive my tongue into her where she'd feel it most. I wanted to hear her moan as
her sweet love juice ran over my cheeks and down my throat. I wanted her to beg
when I fucked my tongue up into her and softly sucked that slick clit between my
hungry lips. I wanted to hear her gasp as I held those trembling ass cheeks
apart with my hands while I wormed my honey dipper up into her butt hole as far
as I could, I wanted to eat her up and swallow her down, pure peaches and cream,
butter and honey.

       She especially seemed to like it when I had to contort my body to reach
the back of her boots, or bridge under her legs to reach the inside, where the
black zipper was. As I lifted her boot to my mouth, I slid my fingers up her leg
till I touched the bare flesh behind her knee. Involved as she was in watching
me, she didn't seem to notice. She ceded control of her legs to me, allowing me
to push and pull them this way and that as I tongue-washed her boots, until,
under the pretext of trying to reach the sole of her boot, I pushed her knee
back against her chest. Looking down I could see the trimmed shock of blonde
pubic hair, the puffy lips of her labia, the dark, blood-engorged and gleaming
lips of her sex just visible between them. I was aware of the hot smell wafting
off her aroused pussy, at the same time fresh and funky, her secret, hungry
smell.

       I'd had about enough of this game. I was hard as a rock now and ready to
feel something soft and tight around my dick, and Jennifer looked like she was
ready too. She wasn't watching me anymore. She'd slid all the way down in the
chair so that her hips were suspended over the edge, and they were humping
instinctively in the air, looking for a cock that wasn't there. Her eyes were
closed, her lips apart, and her chin was tucked into her shoulder which rolled
as she worked her hands behind her, trying unconsciously to free herself from
the cuffs. If I hadn't cuffed her hands behind her, she might now be fingering
herself right in front of me, she was that hot. I would have loved to see those
long fingers and elegantly manicured nails dipping into her snatch, emerging
trailing strings of her lubricious oils, but I wasn't going to unlock her now.

       "That's enough!" she breathed suddenly. "That's enough! Stop!"

       I looked up to see her eyes gazing hotly at me. They had lost their
grayness, and were an intense blue

       With the slightest sneer she said. "Kiss my tits now. Come up here and
kiss my tits. Suck my nipples. Not hard. But suck them! Suck them! Now!"

       I suppressed a grin. She was in no shape to be calling the shots now, not
with her hands cuffed behind her back. I could grab those legs and spread them
and be inside her before she even knew what was happening, and there's not a
thing she could do about it. But that's not what I wanted to do. Not yet.

       I was already on my knees between her legs. It was natural to just lean
over to take her tits into my mouth. She must have known this,. She spread her
legs to give me access.

       Taking care not to so much as touch her with my cock, I leaned over her
body. I gathered up the two hot and heavy globes of meat and filled my hands
with them, so soft and turgid, almost swollen. I often think that hands were
made especially for appreciating a woman's tits, their heft, their warmth, their
heavy resilience. It just drives me fucking wild.

       I closed my hands on her flesh, squeezed tenderly, rubbed my thumbs over
the sensitive aureoles, making her gasp, then held her jugs together and lowered
my head to them, licking gentle circles around the nipples as my thumbs
continued to rub over the margins of the sensitive brown circles.

       She groaned raggedly and her face reddened. She bit her lip to keep from
crying out.

       Not to brag, but I pride myself on my titwork, knowing just when to
attack, just when to back off, taking my cues from a woman's face and her body
language. Some women are very sensitive, some ticklish, some need strong
stimulation, even to the point of pain. You pay attention, and she'll let you
know where and how hard to kiss, suck, when to drag a rough tongue across an
aroused and turgid nipple, when to pinch, even when to bite.

       I could tell right away that Jennifer liked it rough. Not surprising
considering she was Lilah's preferred playmate. I squeezed her big jugs, and
that only made her make a little moue with her lips, as if blowing a kiss to the
air. I pressed my thumbs into her soft nipples, and felt those sensitive buds
harden like little dicks. Finally I sucked one into my mouth, flailing at it
with my tongue, and her body began to hum. I bit gently on the stiffening little
peak and that forced a hot groan from her throat and set her to vibrating like a
plucked fiddle string.

        Soon Jennifer was moaning desperately and making lewd, lunging motions
with her hips. She knew my cock was down there somewhere, and she was trying her
damndest to find it. She was beside herself with need.

       "Rub it against me!" she hissed. "I want to feel it! Touch me!"

       She was still nominally in control, as per our agreement, but with her
hands cuffed together and clawing at the cushion of the chair in frustration,
there was not much she could do to relieve the terrible itch she was now
feeling. I kept my drooling cock away from her pussy, even though I could feel
actual heat from her vagina radiating on my lower belly.

       "Come on!" she insisted, her eyes flashing at me. "Do it! Do it!"

       "I don't know, Jennifer." I said. "I don't know if you're ready."

       "You cheap lying motherfucker!" she spat. She knew what the deal was now,
but she was too far gone to do anything about it. She was hot for dick, and I
had this beautiful, haughty cunt right where I wanted her.

       "Beg for it." I told her, pressing her big tits together and squeezing
her hardened nipples. "Beg me for my cock."

       She twisted and writhed on the chair. Without the use of her arms there
was nothing she could do but twist and kick feebly, and since I was kneeling
between her thighs, her kicks were futile. I held her pinned to the chair by
digging my fingers into her meaty jugs.

       "Come on, Jen." I hissed at her, "Tell me what you want! Tell me!"

       Despite her need, she was still too proud to beg, so I inched forward and
just brushed her pussy with the tip of my cock. She jumped like I'd put a cattle
prod to her, her hips lurching hungrily in reflex action to my touch. She was
soft and spread and incredibly wet; I could feel her juice as it cooled on the
head of my dick. I wanted so much to plunge into her right then, it was all I
could do to resist.

       A strangled growl of anger and frustration ripped from her throat.
"Cocksucker!" she hissed through those beautiful lips. "I won't beg you for
shit!"

       I could feel her fingers trying to reach up to the burning ache between
her legs, Her arms squeaked against the soft leather of the chair as she writhed
and twisted, trying to escape or trying to get her hands on me, I didn't know
which.

       I loved watching her face as she tried to maintain composure, tried not
to show the raging lust that coursed through her body. Her face was red and
flushed, beads of perspiration visible at her hairline, and the sinews stood out
in her neck as she turned her face from me, burying her chin in her shoulder. I
removed my hands from her tits and dug them into the sweet, tight cheeks of her
ass, hard, and felt her muscles tighten in response. I pulled at her, trying to
pull those globes apart to spread her wider. Her entire crack was soaked with
her overflow, the juicy bitch! In response her thighs flopped open, then closed
on me. She might be fighting me, but her body had a mind of its own, and from
the waist down she'd already surrendered.

       "When's the last time you had a man inside you, huh?" I asked her, inches
from her face. "When's the last time you had some real, hot, cock between your
legs, huh, Jennifer? Is that all you do is women now? Or have you always been a
lezzy?"

       Her face reddened even farther. "Fuck you, bastard!" she hissed through
clenched teeth.

       I leaned my head down and captured a nipple between my teeth, biting down
just hard enough. She screamed. A real scream of pain and surprise and
frustration, loud enough for Lilah to hear.

       This caught me off guard for a moment, just long enough for her to raise
her knees in front of her and push them against my chest, trying to shove me
off. But she wasn't strong enough, and I pushed her knees away to either side of
me, shoved her legs apart, and with one hard thrust I slid into that hot and
juicing pussy, skewering her to the root.

       "Aaaagghhhh! Bastard! Son of a fucking bitch! Aggghhh!"" she let out a
keening wail as my cock sank into that sweet cunt, hot and tight. Her head
flailed from side to side in denial and she tried again to raise her knees to
protect herself. This time I just grabbed her ankles, though, and pushed them
back over her head, exposing her pussy even further to my hungry cock.

       I could look down and see where we were joined, see the juice leaking
from her swollen lips and wetting my intruding shaft. With her ankles held
together over her face, her twat was incredibly tight, grabbing me like a silken
fist, and her puffy vulva pooched out in two creamy rolls of hot female flesh
that trapped my prick between them, while I felt quaky spasms deep in her womb
fluttering on the head of my piece.

       "Eeeeeehh! No! Motherfucker! Stop! Stop! You're killing me!" she howled.

       I did as she said and held still, my lust-driven pulse pounding in my
ears. After all, I didn't want to hurt the lady. I wanted her to enjoy it. I
wanted her to need me. I wanted to make her come so I could feel her orgasmic
spasms milk the cream from my dick as I poured my molten seed into her.

       She bit her lower lip as she tried to accommodate me. Obviously she had
been dildo-fucked by a unit smaller than mine, if indeed she'd been fucked at
all since she'd been Lilah's toy. I was touching places in her that hadn't been
touched for a long, long time, and I could watch the emotions sweep across her
face as she explored the feeling of having a real man's dick inside her. This
was no piece of plastic, but a hot, hard, twitching piece of meat, loaded with
come and as real as it gets.

       "I...I can't breath." she finally gasped out.

       I realized I was pushing too hard on her legs, doubling her up. Knowing
now that my dick was deeply ensconced within her, and that she couldn't easily
wiggle away, I released her ankles, and her boot-encased legs opened generously
to me.

       The struggle was over. King Cock had won.

       I again filled my hands with the delicious meat of her ass, pressing one
little finger up to feel the juncture where my cock entered her stretched pussy
lips, exploring the ridge of her distended flesh. She groaned, opening her legs
wider. She was one of those women who lubricate like crazy, and her ass was wet
from the flood of discharge that had run shamelessly down her crack.

       Now that she had grown accustomed to my cock, her hips had begun a slow
revolving as she stirred me around like a spoon in her honey pot, forcing me
against all her most sensitive and receptive spots. Here mouth was open, her
tongue lolling behind her white teeth, her brows furrowed in rapt concentration.
Her meaty tits wobbled slightly on her chest as her hips fucked me with a mind
and will of their own. It was something to see. From the waist up she was still
a lady, bare-chested, but still demure, while from her waist down she was all
whore, fucking herself on my cock like some come-hungry slut who didn't give a
damn.

       I just hovered over her with my cock in her socket, enjoying the creamy
clench of her hot, buttery twat, basking in the little sighs and gasps that
bubbled from her slack lips. There's nothing like satisfying a haughty piece of
ass like Jennifer with a stiff joint shoved up her quim, watching her work
herself off against you.

       "Ohhh! Aahhh! Yes! That's good, That's good!" she breathed, almost to
herself. There was no need to make her beg now; she was a believer, and so was
I.

       I pulled out of her slick grip slightly and shoved back in, bottoming out
against her puffy labia, mashing them flat as a gush of her juice squeezed out
around my cock and ran down her ass, over my fingers.

       "Uuuugh!" she groaned. She looked at me, unsure of how she felt about my
taking some initiative, and, as I pulled out again and gave her another stroke,
our eyes met. What I saw there made a sudden thrill grip my balls, and I thought
I'd lose it then and there.

       Jennifer's eyes were glazed with lust, but beneath that film of hunger
she was looking at me with a kind of curious wonder, as if reappraising me, or
seeing me for the first time. Before when she looked at me, she'd seen only a
male, an enemy, or, at best, a nuisance, perhaps a rival for Lilah's attention.
But now, as she took her pleasure of my tool, she was looking at me with
something else in her eye, It wasn't the way a woman looks at a lover, but it
was with a certain admiration and gratitude and wonder for what I was giving
her. She looked at me like I was a human being. A human being who happened to
have his cock stuffed to the root in her body, and whose hot meat was giving her
thrills and pleasure that none of her dildos or artificial cocks could touch.

       For a while we fucked like that, staring intently into one another's eyes
as my dick slid in and out of her hot hole. I felt her long fingers straining to
reach up from her cuffed hands and make contact with my scrotum. For a second I
panicked, knowing that she could easily grab me and give me a squeeze that would
end my lovemaking right then and there. But to my relief she seemed only to want
to explore me with her fingers, and I felt her long, manicured nails tenderly
scratching at my balls, and exploring the juncture where my thick meat plugged
into the tight ring of her pussy, adding another source of delicious friction to
my unit as it pistoned in and out of her.

       That must have set her off, for I suddenly felt the last shreds of
resistance drain from her body. Her legs feel entirely open, presenting her
pussy to me, offering it to me to plunder and abuse as I wished. Her head fell
back helplessly against the chair, eyes closed, as she gave herself up to the
hot fuck lust I was inciting in her body.

       "Ugh! Oh! Ungh! Ahh! Yes!" she grunted as I pummeled into her limp and
accepting body. Her big, over-ripe jugs shook and quaked each time I banged into
her, so tight it was if she had another hand down there which gripped me
fiercely, skinning my dick up and back as I fucked her.

        I tore into her now, crazy to come myself. Her legs closed feebly around
me, the spike heels of her boots digging painfully into my working ass as I fed
the meat to her, again and again. Her crack was bathed in her juice; it matted
our pubic hair and dripped from my cock. Each outstroke of my cock caused
another gob of her love cream to sluice out of her stuffed cunt, wetting her
crack and the chair beneath her flexing ass.

       She was frantic now, and mindless sounds poured from her lips as she rode
my dick to come-town, climbing higher and higher to that hot and slippery peak
of pleasure. She grabbed at the chair with her fingers, trying to gain some
leverage to fuck me back, as my thrusts drove her backwards in the chair,
forcing her head to twist to the side. My balls were wedged deep in her soaking
wet ass crack and nestled tight against her exposed asshole as I thrust so hard
and brutally that her enflamed clit was exposed every time I smashed into her,
and my pubes tickled that sensitive organ, making her scream with excitement.

       "I'm close!" She screamed, "I'm close...close! Fuck me! Oh my God, Fuck
me!"

       And that was it for me. Hearing her scream out those obscenities opened
the floodgates of my balls. I shoved into her to the very root, and held there
quivering as I felt the lava boil up from my prostate, burn into my cock, and
burst streaming from the tip, plastering the inside of her cunt with my essence.

       "Yeah! Bitch! Whore! Fuck! Take it! Take it all! Hunh Hunh! Unghhhh!" I
grunted like an animal as my balls unloaded into her. All the hot erotic tension
shot from my cock in mind-shattering bursts of ecstasy. I grabbed her ass cheeks
and pulled her up tight against my shooting dick, pouring the gism into her
defenseless and spasming pussy.

       At the first feel of my come splashing into her, she lost it. A wild,
feral snarl ripped from her throat, the sound of a she-bitch being impregnated
by a wild jungle dog, a sound so primal and filled with sex that it raised the
hairs on my scalp even as I was pouring the fruit of my balls into her. Her hips
jerked against me with a furious savagery and strength I would not have thought
her capable of as her body arched in a rictus of orgasm, lifting me up on top of
her with only her feet and head supporting me. I felt the rich, hungry spasms of
her convulsing vagina squeezing my dick in delicious peristaltic waves,
squeezing the come out of me like toothpaste from a tube, and I dug my fingers
harder into her ass to hold her close while I finished dumping my fuck sauce
deep into her womb.

       Her legs quivered against me, her ass clenched mindlessly, her eyes
rolled up into her head in a way that made my blood run cold. I looked at her
face and felt like I was fucking a corpse. Every muscle in her body went rigid,
quivering with tension as orgasm burned through every nerve. A thin, quavering
wail came from her mouth as she rode her orgasm to the limits of consciousness,
saliva dripping from the corner of her red lips, her hips hunching out of
control against my loins as she poured her come out around my joint, quivering,
suspended in a flood of pleasure.

       Then she jerked sharply, as if she'd been punched in the stomach. She
jerked again, and I knew her senses had overloaded, it was all too much. She was
about to pass out. She jerked again, and a fourth time, then just collapsed,
every muscle going slack. She collapsed back into the chair.

       I lay on top of her flaccid body like a sack of mud, utterly spent, the
last dregs of semen sputtering into her from the very bottom of my balls as I
gave her every last drop I had in me.

       Something happened then that I'd heard about but never experienced, never
even thought was real. Her pussy had clamped down on my deflating member and
refused to let it go. I felt her shake and tremble with the aftershocks of her
come, but the tight ring of muscle in her vagina had closed like a sphincter on
my dick, and pulling back only made me wince as my hyper-sensitive cock remained
stuck in the tight clench of her come-soaked pussy.

       "Relax." I said to her. "Relax. I can't get it out."

       She tried to focus her eyes on me, but they were still glazed. Her breath
came hot through her lips, lips swollen from where she had bitten them when she
came. "I...I...can't! I..." she stammered

       I took hold on her knees, forced them up against her tits, and slid my
hips down. My cock stretched briefly, then snapped out of her with an audible
'pop'.

       Immediately a thick stream of come oozed from her pussy and dripped down
between her ass cheeks.

       "Oh, Godddd." she sighed, and turned her head to the side in shame and
embarrassment.

       I watched in amazement. I couldn't believe I had given her that much, but
gob after come slid out of her pussy and rolled down the cheeks of her ass.

       She let her legs flop helplessly down to her sides, she had no control
over her muscles, and I watched as her vagina spasmed once again, sending
another pearly white gob of my come rolling down her ass. It looked like a baby
spitting up its formula. It was a fascinating sight.

       "My arms." she said. "Please!"

       I had forgotten she was still handcuffed.

       "Oh, sure." I said. I hunted around on the floor for the keys, found
them, and knee-walked over to her.

       "Can you roll over?" I asked.

       "I...I... My god! I can't move!" she said. "I'm just like jelly!"

       That was music to my ears. I rolled her trembling body to one side and
unlocked the cuffs, took them off.

       She rolled back and shot a glance at me. The first time she'd looked me
in the eye since we'd come. I waited for her to say something. She seemed to be
searching for words.

       "You two could wake the fucking dead!" someone said from behind me.

       I turned, and saw Lilah standing there in a black terry robe. Her hair
was still wet from her shower, and she had a bath towel draped over her neck.
She cat-walked over and sat casually on the arm of Jennifer's chair and
inspected her protege with approval.

       "Well, how was it?" Lilah asked Jennifer.

       Jennifer, still panting, trying to regain her composure, didn't answer.
Lilah casually leaned over, reached down, and scooped up a gob of my come from
Jennifer's crack on one manicured nail. She held it before Jennifer's lips.

       Jennifer closed her eye, reached her face forward and opened her mouth as
Lilah fed the cum to her, running her finger around Jen's mouth to get it all
off. Without a word Jennifer closed her mouth and swallowed.

       "He's good, isn't he, baby?" Lilah asked her.

       Jen nodded weakly.

       Lilah fixed her eyes on me, and I recognized that look in her eye. Oh no,
I thought. No more. Not now. There's no way!

       Reading my thoughts, Lilah suddenly laughed. "Don't worry, Rob" she said.
"Twice in one night is all we expect. For now. So why don't we call it a night?"

       With that she got up and slowly walked back to the door to her bedroom.
She stopped and looked back at me.

       "I will expect to see you here on Sunday." she said. "There's some things
we have to go over. I like working Sundays. Because I know I won't be disturbed.
Do you understand?"

       I nodded my head.

       "Good" she said, "Then I'll see you on Sunday."

       And she left the room.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dr_mabeuse


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





