BDSM Library - The Cumuppance




The Cumuppance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The office bitch gets her just deserts.
The Cumuppance

It's late, later than usual, you've been kept at work when you wanted to get
away early, all due to her! Still finally you've finished, and you're that last
to leave. As usual she left before you, giving you that special look of hers.
Cursing you reach into your bag and get your car keys, ready for the journey
home.

Making your way down to your car, you pause, you think you heard something, but
whatever it was, it's stopped. As you continue, your heels gently clicking on
the concrete, there it is again, sounds like a cry. Peering round, you see
movement over by her car, and not wanting her to see you, you stop in the
shadows, watching, trying to see what's happening.

As you look, trying to make out the details, you can see that two men are
holding her. One is behind her, her arms held tightly behind her back, her
wrists being forced up towards her shoulders, forcing to bend over slightly. The
other is in front, looking down her now exposed cleavage. He cups a breast in
each hand, and he must have squeezed them hard, because she cries out, begging
him to just take her purse and leave her alone. You reach for your mobile, to
call the police, but pause, waiting, after all nothing too serious has happened
yet, and you know you can step in at any time to put a stop to it. Maybe a good
scare will knock that superior expression from her face.

So you settle further into the shadows, watching, waiting for whatever happens
next. You're not surprised when he takes her blouse in hand, and with a jerk, he
rips in down, exposing her scantily clad breasts. Almost idly you realise that
she's wearing a half cup bra, and what tits she's got, spill over the top of the
bra. In the light you can see them as two milky globes. He continues with his
attack, ripping her skirt from her body, to reveal a matching pair of panties.
They're cut high on the thigh, to show off her shapely legs to the best
advantage.

The one standing behind her pushes her arms up, and she sinks to her knees, her
head held high. The one in front steps back a little, and with a quick, deft
movement, you see that he's got his trousers undone, and that his cock is fully
engorged, and sticking out, roughly at the same level as her head. You reach for
your phone, ready to put a stop to it all, but there's something about her pose,
the way she's holding her head, trying not to look at the cock that only inches
away from her mouth. You're surprised to feel your nipples hardening, your
aureoles are starting to crinkle, and you feel the first tingling of wetness
between your legs. Almost without thought, you decide to let it continue a
little, after all, who hasn't had to put out a little after a date, and this is
nothing worse after all, is it?

As you watch, he takes her scraggly blonde hair in his hands, and pulls her face
towards his cock. She's trying to shake her head from side to side, but his grip
keeps her mouth lined up with it. As she opens her mouth to shout, probably for
help, he thrusts his hips forward, and his member disappears into her mouth. You
can see her eyes almost pop out of her head, as it slides into her. As his cock
passes between her lips, you feel your pussy suddenly flood, you feel so wet
down there. You are vaguely aware of your nipples standing up, you look down and
they're so visible through your top. You bring your hand to one, and gently
brush the tip, through the material. It's as if you've been shot, the electric
jolt your pussy gets is amazing.  You look back at her, and you see that he's
driving his cock into her mouth. This isn't a blowjob; he's using her mouth like
a cunt!

Watching her take him is turning into her mouth is turning you on, you can't
believe just how horny watching her get used is making you feel. You keep
thinking that you must do something to stop this, but instead you keep watching.
Your hands continue to play with your breasts. You're enjoying the way that they
feel, as you watch her mouth get used.

After what seems to you as a short while, but to her probably seems like an
eternity, you can tell he's getting ready to cum, his strokes are getting
shorter, more powerful. You pinch one of your nipples, wondering what it'd feel
like to have his cock rammed into your own mouth. With a grunt you watch in
amazement as he cums, he's pulling her head right onto him, pressing her mouth
to his groin. Your eyes widen in shock as you realise that you can see her
throat bulge as the head of his cock is forced deeply into her. You can see him
buck against her, even as she desperately tries to pull away. Your whole body is
alive, you can feel every bit of your clothing pressing against you, you nipples
are so hard, and they hurt! Your clit is throbbing like a demented thing.
Finally he releases her head, and she coughs, spraying traces of his jizz and
drool over her breasts.

He puts himself away, and turning to his mate, says, your turn with the bitch
now. They pick her up, and bend her over the bonnet of her car, her legs are
kicked apart, and she's pressed face down on the bonnet. The second guy rips her
panties down off her legs, and you let out a quiet gasp as you realise that
she's not a natural blonde!

You reach for the phone, but, pause, as you find that you want to see her get
taken, watching her is somehow a turn on for you, you want to put a stop to
this, but you can't tear your eyes away from the scene unfolding in front of
you.

He frees his cock, in the light it looks larger than his mates, almost painfully
large you think. He quickly positions himself behind her, and guides his stiff
cock into her, she shrieks as his cock is forced into her pussy. The sound of
her crying out in pain makes you pussy gush, you can feel it start to drip along
your thigh. You slide your hand under the waistband of your skirt, under your
panties, and against your throbbing clit. It's slick with your juices, so hard
and proud. You find that you're starting to rub it in time to his thrusts,
trying to follow his actions. His mate takes her now ruined panties, and gags
her with them, muffling her cries.

You watch and play, getting closer and closer to an orgasm as he thrusts into
her. Like his mate he's not trying to make it enjoyable for her, he's just using
her pussy ruthlessly. You have to wait when he pulls out of her, you're going to
cum when he does, you've decided, you want to share in her degradation as much
as you can.

You can hardly believe your eyes when you realise that he's now aiming the head
of that too large cock, not at her now gaping pussy. Instead you see him press
against her other hole, her ass. You watch as she stiffens, tries to free
herself from the man holding her down as it's slowly forced into her, past her
tight rosebud. You hear her muffled scream as he slides into her, in one long,
strong thrust. You find that your own hand is mirroring what you're watching.
You're pressing long and hard against your clit, slowly sliding your finger
against it.

He's starting to pick up his rhythm, he's pulling back so that he's almost out
of her ass, then slamming hard into her, then slowly pulling back, ready to
repeat the stroke. Your fingers are matching him, thrust for thrust, and in your
mind, you want to be the one taking her, you're amazed to realise that it's you
who is saying, "fuck the bitch" not either of them.

You can see his buttocks clench as he buries himself deep into her, forcing her
to arch her back to accommodate the huge member that's pumping deep in her.
She's flopping and writhing, impaled on him as he cums ever so deep in her. Your
own orgasm crashes through you, in time to his, you can feel your juices
flooding down you legs, you're so wet. As the feeling rushes through you, your
legs are no longer capable of keeping you up, and you slide down until you're
sitting on the floor, to weak to stand. Oh My God! That was incredible you
think.  You're still throbbing, your clit is still on fire it seems, the feel of
your panties pressing against it is almost enough to bring you off again.

As you sit there, trying to get your strength back, your eyes open in amazement
as the two guys help her to her feet and pass her, her bag. She reaches in and
takes out a thick envelope, passing it to one of the guys.

You're shocked to realise that the whole scene had been arranged. That she gets
off being raped.

Next day at work, when you pass her, you smile knowingly. She glares at you, and
as she opens her mouth to tell you to get back to work, you idly mention that
you "know" that's she's not a natural. As her eyes open wide in shock, you
finish by telling her that she really should choose a different colour for her
underwear, as white really doesn't suit, at least not now.

Comments, criticisms to lofwyrkp1@hotmail.com.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lofwyrkp


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





