BDSM Library - Sarah's Punishment




Sarah's Punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cyrus Marks shares a tale detailing the unfortunate experience of young Sarah McCluskey when she falls into his clutches.
Sarah's Punishment - a fantasy by Max Smart

Part 1

This story contains non-consensual, severe, and sexualized treatment of a minor. 
It is strictly a sexual fantasy.  In real life I abhor ANY non-consensual
activity, sexual or otherwise, in particular when minors may be involved.


Greetings to all; it's Cyrus Marks again.  My last article, a motivational piece
on how anyone can find meaning and happiness in his or her job, proved to be
quite popular.  This was certainly a happy surprise to me, since I hadn't really
been sure if anyone would really care much what I had to say about anything. 
Well, on the contrary!  I've been simply swamped by mail, almost all of it
complimentary.

Besides compliments, a dominant theme in my mail seems to be a desire for more
detail.  Many folks have requested that I recount at least one of my sessions
with one of my girls in some detail.  Well, that's what I'm going to do!

One of my most memorable experiences involved the punishment of Sarah McCluskey,
who at the time was a recent transfer student in her junior year at our high
school.  Sarah was a sweet, unassuming girl who was a good student and really
not a behavior problem at all.  She merely had the misfortune of not being aware
of some of the school's admittedly rather stringent and complicated rules, and,
perhaps more important, of not responding to the attentions of one of our
randier young male instructors.

Readers of my previous article will remember that part of my philosophy is that
a young girl will always benefit from a bit of discipline, even if she hasn't
been doing anything in particular that would merit it.  After all, all girls are
naughty at some time or other.  Surely you wouldn't argue that it's fair to
punish only those who get caught?  Most certainly dear little Sarah had some
secret little girlish guilt, and it was my job to help her atone!

Every year the girls at our school are each given a copy of the school rules. 
It is a fairly extensive list, and the upperclass  girls have learned that it's
in their own best interest to study it very closely.  Even then, it is all but
impossible to avoid running afoul.  Now, girls who transfer in are supposed to
be given a copy as well, but I suspect that  in Sarah's case there was an
oversight.  You see, it was that very instructor that I mentioned above whose
responsibility it was to see to it that Sarah got her copy of the rules.

The upshot was that after two weeks Sarah had succeeded in amassing a truly
awesome number of demerits.  Why was it allowed to go on for two weeks?  Again,
I have to surmise that our amorous fellow was a bit slow on the uptake.

At any rate, when our unfortunate youngster entered my office to keep her
appointment, I had before me one of the worst records of transgressions that I
had seen up to that point in my career.  I had been reviewing it for a few
moments before she arrived and I knew that it would be a true challenge to make
sure that young Sarah was truly punished to the full extent of school
regulations. It was a challenge I looked forward to taking on.

My excitement was redoubled when the culprit entered, in obedience to my order. 
She was truly a vision of loveliness and innocence.  An Irish girl, she was, a
true redhead, freckles and all.  Yet her features were of a delicacy that I have
found rare in girls with red hair.  Her eyes were a deep, piercing, blue;  her
lips were full.  She had a pleasingly humble and pleasant manner, which could
instantly be discerned.  She looked more innocent than one would expect for a 17
year-old in this day and age.

Her school uniform fitted her rather impressive figure very well.  The jacket
hung just to either side of the sumptuous breasts that pushed against the fabric
of the white, well-pressed, shirt.  The tie hung cutely between them.  The
buttons were under a bit of a strain, poor things.

Sarah had clearly been crying.   Her eyes were red and there were traces of
tears on her lovely cheeks.  Even now she was doing her best to suppress
residual sobbing.  She closed the door and then hesitated, not knowing what to
do.

"Come here, my dear," I said in as friendly a voice as I could muster, "have a
seat, won't you?" as I pointed at the chair in front of my rather large desk.

She seemed grateful to me, perhaps if only for my soft words, something she
probably hadn't heard much of since she had been called on the carpet for her
offenses.  She quickly slipped forward and seated her self on the edge of the
chair.  It was apparent that the poor thing needed a friend in this time of
crisis.  Perhaps she was hoping that I might somehow turn out to be that friend,
even though she really had no other reason for thinking this than the fact that
I was speaking to her in a friendly manner.

"Let's see, Sarah McCluskey, is it?"

"Yes, sir."

"And do you know why you're here?"

"Oh, yes, sir, but, you see I didn't know about all those rules.  You see, I
hadn't been given a book and..."

"Now, now, my girl.  Of course I sympathize, but rules are rules, and must be
obeyed.  Don't you agree?"

"Oh, yes sir, but I didn't know!  I would never break school rules on purpose."

"Well, one hopes not.  But you did break them.  Hmmm...yes, it IS an unfortunate
situation.  But you see, my dear, my hands are tied, so to speak.  I can't
afford to question who is sent to me or why.  I can only execute my duties. 
However, let me give you a friendly word of advice.  I advise you to obey me
instantly and completely, without hesitation, no matter what I might tell you to
do.  Otherwise, you'll be making a bad situation even worse.  Understand?"

Since I delivered the above in a fatherly, tender tone of voice, poor Sarah was
torn between terror of me and of the sinister implications of what I was saying
and hoping against hope that she could sway me towards leniency.  She nodded her
head eagerly.

"Good.  Now, have you ever been punished corporally before?"

Her already pale complexion became whiter still, "No, sir." She said quietly,
contemplating the meaning of the phrase.

"And have the other girls given you any idea what to expect?"

"No, sir, except some have laughed and told me I'd be a sorer and wiser girl
afterwards." She managed a weak smile.  It was a charming smile indeed.

She continued, "Oh, Mr. Marks, you don't really BEAT girls do you?  I couldn't
stand that."

Pointedly not answering her question, I continued,  "Now, Sarah, you have quite
a number of demerits here - quite a large number, I must say.  I very much
regret to have to inform you that your punishment must be quite severe."

Sarah caught her breath, "Oh!  Oh, please, no, sir!"

With a smile I reached around and opened the doors of the wall cabinet behind
me.  As the doors swung opened Sarah's innocent eyes were treated to the
shocking sight of a truly impressive array of canes, straps, paddles, and whips.

"Are you familiar, Sarah, with any of these?" I asked the poor thing, who was
starting to sob again.

"N-no, s-ir.  I...that is, I think I know what some of them are.  But, you...you
can't...not..."

I was silent, and Sarah found courage to ask me something else, which plagued
her young mind.

"Sir, may I...may I ask.  What part of the body do you punish?"

With an easy laugh, I answered, "Why, any part is possible, my dear, but most of
all, it's going to be the part you're sitting on!"

Blushing furiously, she blurted out, "Ohhhh, no!  Oh, no!  Oh, I can't sir, that
is, you can't!   I mean, you see, I...I'm Catholic.  That is, I can't have you
punishing me on private parts of my body.  I'm sorry, but it's not possible!  It
would be a sin for me to allow it.  It will just have to be some other method. 
Or, or, I'll have to leave the school.  I'm sorry, sir!  I'll go call my parents
now!"

And the impetuous thing got up and ran to the door.  Of course it was locked.

"Let me out!  You can't hold me!  My father will sue!"

I was fascinated by how beautiful she looked with her long red hair slightly in
disarray and her face full of emotion, but I was stern, "Sarah," I said coldly,
"come back and sit down.  Now."

Most girls obey when I use this tone of voice and Sarah was no exception.  When
the highly distressed girl was seated again, I handed her a letter.  It was from
her father and was addressed to the principal of the school.  Its contents were
the stroke of doom for the poor girl, and I watched in amusement as she read the
words of her father condemning her to misery, humiliation, and pain.  In the
letter, Sarah's father explicitly granted the school the right to use any and
every means of discipline that any of our girls were subject to.

She seemed stunned for a few moments.  Then, bursting into tears, the devastated
girl fell on her knees in front of the desk and prayed to me, "Oh, sir, please
don't do this to me.  Punish me in some other way - not on my, my, oh, I can't
say it!"

"Get back in your chair, girl!"

She complied, crying bitterly.

"Now, remember what I said about obeying me instantly and completely, and tell
me exactly - what part of your body are you afraid I'll punish.  Answer, now!"

Cowed, the poor thing answered, "On...on my...my b-bottom, sir.  Not there,
please!  I simply can't allow that."

Laughing, I answered, "My dear, my dear, your bottom is going to be punished,
very well punished, and you have no say in the matter.  Do I make myself clear? 
Good.   Now, you DO have a say in whether or not you incur extra punishment, and
that is simply by being instantly and completely obedient.  Do you understand?"

Convulsed with sobs, Sarah managed to blubber, "Yes, sir...oh, please, have
mercy on me!"

Then, through an apparently intense struggle, Sarah managed to tap a reservoir
of courage, "Mr. Marks, I can never willingly let you inappropriately handle or
view parts of my body that my Catholic modesty forbids.  The only way that will
happen is through force.  I will resist you, sir.  I will willingly submit to
any decent punishment."

I was very impressed.  Here was a girl worthy of a challenge!  You may wonder if
I considered giving in to Sarah's courageous demands.  Of course not!  I was
even more determined that Sarah would suffer the utmost in humiliation and
discomfort before our session was over.  Her "Catholic modesty" was in for quite
a shock.

After a couple of seconds, I responded calmly,  "Sarah, you DO have the choice
of whether to submit willingly or unwillingly.  What you don't have is the
ability to avoid punishment.  If you choose to resist...well, let me propose
some hypothetical possibilities.  Let's say that I ordered you to bend over my
desk so that I might give you a healthy dose of the strap, on you bottom, but
over your skirt.  Would you obey?"

Sarah blushed, but her eyes flashed with anger, "No sir, I would not!  My moral
code would forbid it!"

"Fine.  Now, let's say that I told you that if you RESISTED, then you would be
FORCED into position, either by me or, if necessary, with help from one or both
of my young male assistants and you would then receive your strapping on your
bare bottom.   I would think that this would be a much greater moral outrage to
your sacred body.  Wouldn't you?  Tell me, what would you do in that situation?"

Sarah was dumbfounded.  Apparently she had never even considered the idea that
her bottom might be BARED.

"I...you...you wouldn't!  Sir, you can't frighten me with those threats.  I know
that this school would NEVER allow such horrible indecency, and I know that you
are a horrible man to even suggest it!"

"I see.  I think it is time to demonstrate to you that I am NOT bluffing."

I pushed a button on my desk and immediately a door behind me opened.  In walked
two handsome and well built teenage boys.  Sarah gasped!  She seemed about ready
to faint.  All she could do was stare in disbelief at the two boys, who, in
turn, eagerly evaluated Sarah's feminine charms.

I said, "Sarah, please meet Sam and Ken.  They are part time assistants from the
boy's school down the road.   They have been working for me for over a year,
now, and they have plenty of experience in helping me to convince reluctant
girls how useless their resistance is.  Needless to say, these boys love their
job and will be most happy to hold you or tie you down and remove any precious
articles of clothing that I request."

I paused to allow Sarah to more fully appreciate her situation.

I continued, "Now, Sarah.  One last time.  Will you promise to obey me in
whatever I order you and to accept your very richly deserved punishment, or will
Ken and Sam get a chance to do a bit of stripping on you?"

Sarah was unable to respond at first.  She turned an appealing glance to me and,
when she saw that I was not responding, she stared again at the young boys.

Then she spoke, "No!  I can't!  YOU can't!  I'm not letting you do anything to
me that is indecent!"

I sighed, "Oh, dear, Sarah.  Dear, dear, dear.  Well, as you wish.  Ken, Sam, I
think we'll have her jacket and blouse off."

Before Sarah knew what was about, the two lusty youths were upon her.  They took
turns holding her, which wasn't very difficult since they were both strapping
youths, while the other stripped.  Very quickly they had the poor, desperate
thing with her modesty seriously compromised and her jacket and blouse on the
floor, in spite of her furious struggles and passionate screams for help. 

Sam released Sarah and Ken quickly grabbed the two articles of clothing before
she could reach them.  All she could do was to hold her arms and hands in front
of her breasts in a close to futile attempt at retaining her modesty.

Before she did this, I was able to get quite an eyeful.  Sarah was not wearing
the regulation school bra, which was actually, truth be told, a fairly frilly
and lacey and insubstantial thing - apparently designed by the male teachers! 
No, Sarah had on one of those totally enveloping, totally protecting bras that I
thought went out of style with the advent of the sixties.  And what a job it had
- to encase Sarah's tits was no mean task - they appeared to be really
stupendous.

Weeping, the demoralized girl turned to me, "I'm sorry, sir!  Please, please let
me have my clothes back.  I'll...I'll...d-do what you ask!  I'll be obedient! 
Oh, I can't be seen like this!  Oh, make them leave, please!" as she couldn't
help but notice the naked lust in the eyes of her two new young friends.

"Yes, well," I mused, "we'll see.  Ken, Sam, you may go now, but why don't you
take your booty with you."

Clearly disappointed, my two young helpers left, but Sarah was far from relieved
as she realized they were taking her clothing with them.

"Nooo!  Oh, no!" she pleaded, unable to think what else to do as she watched her
hopes for any immediate return of her modesty leave the room.

"Now, Sarah, do you still think I'm bluffing?" I smiled, staring unabashedly at
her half nude upper torso, where her breasts in the large white bra reminded me
of missile nose cones.

Staring at the floor, the shocked girl said, "No, sir.  Please, could I have my
clothes back if I promise to obey you."

"I'm sorry, my dear, but it's too late for that.  And if you don't like showing
off your tits, just remember you have only yourself to blame and consider how
you might avoid further embarrassment."

It was clearly a novel and disconcerting experience for our prim young Sarah.  A
moment ago she had been fully clothed and now she found herself locked in a room
with me and with some very important articles of clothing missing.  Her face was
cherry red, her eyes were bugging out, she was standing, still, in more or less
the same spot in the middle of the room that the boys had left her in.  She was
stooping a bit and hugging her boobs, trying desperately to minimize the amount
of private skin that was on display.  It was a wonderfully charming pose!

"Oh!  Oh!" she ejaculated between bitter sobs, "Oh, you CAN'T see me like this! 
Oh!  Please, let me have my clothes back!  Oh, I'll be good - I'll let
you...punish me..."

"And on what part of your body will you let me punish you?" I asked cruelly.

"Oh!  My...Oh, I can't say it.  Y-you know..." the poor thing was SO confused!

Calmly I told her, "Answer me right away and plainly, my dear Sarah, or Ken and
Sam will be back and you'll be missing some more clothing before you can count
three.  What part of your body are you going to cheerfully present to me for
punishment?"

"Ohhhhh..." came a despairing moan.  She was cornered!  "My b-bottom..." she
murmured.

"I couldn't hear you."

"My bottom!" Oh, what pain it caused the poor girl to say it!

"Yes.  Your bottom.  And, my dear girl, you are NOT getting your shirt and
jacket back until your punishment is over.  I'm sorry, but you have forfeited
them.  If you do not want to immediately forfeit even more, you will obey me
now.  I want you to move that straight-backed chair to the center of the room. 
Yes, that's good."

I was amusing to watch the girl moving the chair with one hand while still
trying to protect her modesty with the other!  It would be incomplete not to
note that it was also a highly erotic sight.

I stood up while continuing with my directions, "Now, Sarah dear stand facing
the chair.  No, not from the back, from the front.  Good.  Now, putting your
legs on either side of the chair seat, move yourself forward until your hips are
touching the back of the chair."

The poor girl hesitated, but, with infinite reluctance, did as she was told.

"Hmmm, very good." I noted, "Now, let me explain what is about to happen." I
remarked calmly, secretly enjoying the trembling of the terrified girl, enjoying
how her tear-filled eyes followed my every move.

"I am going to spank you."

Sarah choked and stifled a cry of anguish.  She seemed to know better than to
beg for mercy.

"If you had been obedient, this spanking would be over your skirt.  Instead,
through your own willfulness, your skirt will be out of the way.  Sarah,
remember Ken and Sam, remember that your modesty will suffer much worse if they
come back in, and raise your skirt in back above your bottom."

"Oh, I can't."

"Oh Sam..." I started to call.

"No!  I'll do it!" and, agonizingly, she slowly raised her the back of her
skirt.  It was a terrific struggle, and she seemed to stop just at the point
when her panties were about to come into view.

"Sarah, remember the boys..."

This was just enough to tip the balance.  Crying loudly, shaking with bitter
sobs, Sarah performed her shameful task and began to uncover her panty-clad rear
end.   A few seconds later and I was gazing on Sarah's cute schoolgirl bottom
encased in a rather large and modest pair of underpants.  Again - they were
certainly not regulation, which were more of a bikini style.  The fit was loose
and covered Sarah's mid-region from the waist to well below her apparently
spectacular bottom.

Modest Sarah continued to weep at the horror of this indignation.  To have to
bare her OWN panties in front of a strange man, and man who was about to PUNISH
the tender bottom that they covered.  For a good Catholic girl, it was almost
beyond endurance!

Sarah's emotions were very intense, obviously.  She was beyond speaking.  She
just couldn't get over her embarrassment and humiliation.

"Ohhh, Mr. Marks...p-please don't do this to me..." she whimpered.

I noticed that her skirt was slipping down a bit.

"Skirt all the way up, Sarah.  Good girl!  Now, holding your skirt up, bend over
until you can safely let go of your skirt without it falling.  Yes, that's
it..."

The panties tightened marvelously over the full bottom as Sarah bent forward.

"Now reaching down with your hands, bend until you can grasp the lower parts of
the legs of the chair.  No, further down."

"Oh, sir...oh, please!" But she obeyed!

And there was young Sarah, legs spread, bent almost double, white pantied bottom
very well presented, and with her breasts hanging downward in their sturdy bra. 
Her whole body, even her bottom, shook with her miserable sobs.

Sarah's sobbing stopped abruptly as she became aware that I was walking around
my desk and approaching her.  However, her trembling increased.

"Sarah, my dear, you seem a bit nervous.  Remember, it's only a spanking!  Now,
just to give you a little warning, a warning that most girls wouldn't need, but
which I suspect you do, I am about to spank you.  You may be aware that a
spanking unavoidably involves a hand touching a bottom.  I warn you so that you
won't move out of position or make the slightest motion to protect your bottom. 
Should you do so, the consequences would be most severe, and, I might add, most
embarrassing."

With that I lightly laid my left hand on the top curves of her lovely,
defenseless bottom.   What a wonderful bottom it was!  Warm and soft, yet firm. 
Sarah went suddenly rigid and gasped.  I could sense that she longed to protect
her sacrosanct rear end but dared not move.  Was she experiencing forbidden
thrills and striving to resist them?  I suspected so!  From her rapid shallow
breathing I became convinced that Sarah's world had suddenly become very simple. 
It consisted of two things, my hand and her bottom.

What, she must have wondered, would I DO with that hand.  How could she continue
to endure even one moment longer even the light but oh so intimate touch that
was now in progress?

I began to caress, oh so lightly and innocently, the upper curves of Sarah
delicious rear.  As I did so I could sense that her rigid awareness was quickly
turning to alarm.

"Oh...oh...oh, don't....oh, sir, you shouldn't...I shouldn't...oh, please, don't
do that."

"My dear Sarah, let me remind you that I am a professional disciplinarian and
you are here to be punished.  I've been pretty lenient with you up to now, but
I'm getting mighty tired of you telling me what I ought or ought not to be
doing.  I've been employed in this capacity for four years now, and I can tell
you that the school and the parents are all quite pleased with my methods.  It's
not for you to question them." All the while I was keeping up a slow and
rhythmic and light motion of my hand on Sarah's bottom.

I continued, "So, if you don't want to get even more punishment than you're
already in for - which is considerable - I advise you to apologize to me right
away."

She started crying again, but managed to blubber, "I'm sorry I questioned your
methods, sir."

I gave one buttock an affectionate squeeze, producing a sharp jerk of her rear
end, as I said, "Good girl.  And will you me cheerfully obedient during the rest
of your session here today?"  Another squeeze.

"Ohh!  Ah...oh, yes sir.  I'll be obedient...oh..."

"And is what I am doing wrong?" again I squeezed, a bit harder this time, to
help her along.

"Ahhh!  Oh!"

"Sarah, answer me!  Is what I am doing wrong?"

"N-no sir." She answered in a barely audible voice.

I decided to test her resolve to be obedient.  Letting my palm rest on the top
of her bottom I turned the hand so that I was able to use my index and third
fingers to deliberately and firmly stroke her panty-covered pussy.

This was too much for Sarah, as I was expecting and hoping it would be.  She
screamed and immediately stood bolt upright and reached back with both hands to
protect her violated holy of holies.

"How dare you!  You molester!  You dirty old man!  You can't do that!  Oh! 
Help!  Somebody help me!"  Sarah was out of control, yelling at the top of her
lungs.

She jumped forward, knocking the chair over.  Her skirt fell back down (a pity),
and she backed herself up to the door.  Her hands were still behind her, still
trying to protect her rear anatomy from further insult.  It was amusing to see
the moment when she remembered that her top was all but bare, with only her bra
preventing the full exposure of her big breasts.  Both hands now came around to
protect her top from my evil eyes.

 I waited patiently for her fit to die down.  Part of this process undoubtedly
included her coming to the realization that no one was going to come to her aid,
no matter how loudly she screamed.

At last I asked, "Sarah, whatever in the world has come over you?"

"You...you...you t-touched my...my...private parts!  That's wrong!  You can't do
that, I know you can't!" she was almost hysterical.

"Sarah, Sarah, there you go again, questioning my actions and my judgement;
presuming to judge me when YOU are the one that is the culprit and under my
dominion for the time being.  I'm afraid I have you recourse but to show you the
folly of your actions."

Sarah had experienced enough in the last few minutes to suspect that I wasn't
bluffing.  This stopped her tirade and caused her to stare, trembling, waiting
to see what I would do.  She knew very well that she had cause to fear the
consequences of her actions.  She looked quite lovely at this moment - her fine
head of red hair in disarray, her face flushed with shame, her lovely blue eyes
wide and fixed.  Her partly exposed bosom was heaving most marvelously.

"Sarah, Sarah, you try my patience.  Yet I still feel motivated to be patient
and merciful.  Normally I would call your friends Sam and Ken back in, you would
be stripped utterly naked and you would then taste the fruits of your
willfulness.  However, I will offer you a choice to show that you are willing to
be obedient.  First, my dear, ARE you willing to be obedient?"

By this time all of her haughty rage had been replaced by fear of the immediate
future.  She knew very well that between Sam, Ken, and I there would be no
question of her successfully resisting us.  She was probably imagining herself
naked and at our mercy.  Her soul must have been chilled by the thought.  She
was ready to grasp at whatever straw I might offer.  That, dear readers, is a
good state of mind for a "victim" to be in, I assure you!

One of the wonderful things about Sarah is that her fears at this point, I am
quite sure, were concerned exclusively with retaining her modesty and not at all
with the physical pain that was to be part of her punishment.  This was, I
believe, for two reasons, one, she was an exceedingly modest girl who had never
been naked in front of a grown man, and, two, she had never experienced corporal
punishment (especially from ME) and thus had no idea what she was really in for. 
Well, I was confident that she was to be more than enlightened as to the second
reason.

"I'm waiting, Sarah."

"Y-yes sir...I'll be obedient." She answered in a voice so low I could barely
hear.

"I'm glad to hear it.  Just see to it that you ARE obedient.  Now, I can't let
this outburst go without any retribution.   Hmmm, let's see.  You're a modest
girl, aren't you?"

All I heard in reply were soft sobs as she turned her baby blues toward me in
silent appeal.

"Aren't you, Sarah?"

"Y-yes...sir..."

"That's convenient.  I think we'll have you remove your skirt."

"Ohhhh!"

"Now, remember Ken and Sam, and be quick about it.  Now!" I hardened my voice to
just the right tone to produce the effect I expected.  The poor, demoralized
girl was forced to choose among two evils, and she was smart enough to realize
that being in bra and panties in front of me was better than being naked in
front of me and two gawking youths.  She reached for the zipper, sobbing her
heart out, and unzipped the skirt.  She let it fall with a deep, soul-felt sob. 
What a wonderful moment of triumph!

Of course I wasn't quite finished!  Not by a long shot!

As Sarah stood there in her bra and panties she seemed too confused to do much
of anything.  Clearly she needed guidance.  "Very good, Sarah.  I see that
you're learning the merits of obedience.  Now, let's see, where were we?  Oh,
yes, I was about to spank your, I must say, very impressive bottom."

A choking sob answered this cruel remark.  But it was true; she did have an
impressive bottom.

"Back to the chair and resume the position you were in.  Come on!"

It was with agonizing reluctance that our poor dear forced herself to return to
her shameful position - feet straddling the seat of the chair, hands reaching
down and clutching the chair legs, and bottom well bent and exquisitely well
presented.  As before, the horror of her position seemed to stop her tears, and
thus her sobbing was replaced by silent trembling as she anticipated with terror
the impending touch of my hand.

She gasped as I replaced my hand oh so innocently again on the upper curves of
her seat.  By the twitching of her muscles I could tell that part of her was in
a panic to escape, while the more rational side was only barely in control,
cautioning her that what she was experiencing was the lesser of  potential
evils.

I resumed my discourse in a calm, nonchalant tone, "Well, my dear, it seems that
you objected to something I was doing with my fingers.  Isn't that so?"

All I could hear was her rapid, strangled breathing.  The trembling seemed to
increase.

"Sarah!  Answer me when I speak to you!  I'm about finished fooling with you. 
When I ask you a question, you answer, or else!  Now, I'll repeat.  You seemed
to have an objection to my touching a certain, um, area.  I believe you referred
to it sweetly as your 'private parts?'  Is this true?  Answer!"

"Ohhhhhh...yes...sir..." she whispered with a catch in her voice.

"It is important that you understand that I am in charge here.  Whatever I do is
for your good, whether you understand it or not.  To show that you understand
this, I want you to ask me to resume what I was doing."

A gasp.

"I want you to ask me to resume stroking your 'private parts.'"

"Oh please, sir!  Please!  Anything!  I'll do anything!  Oh...."

"Sarah...if Sam and Ken come out believe me you'll WISH you had obeyed me.  Now
ask!"

"Ummm....uh...Oh!  I can't...P-please, sir, p-please stroke my private...oh I
c...p-lease stroke m-my private parts!  Ohhhhh....sob!"

Well, since she asked, I'd be a cad to refuse!  To add to her torture I very,
very slowly inched my fingers downward.  Her breathing hissed through her teeth. 
Then!  I touched it!  She jerked and moaned but managed to say still.  I set to
work.  This time I set my whole hand to the task and set to giving Sarah's
sacrosanct pussy a quite thorough stroking.

The poor girl squirmed, gasped, and squeaked, "Ohh!  Ahh!  Oh, please, stop!"

I wasn't about to allow ANY protest, "Sarah!  Didn't I tell you not to question
my actions?"

"Oh! Ah!  Y-y-yes s...ah...Sir  Ohhhh!" the lovely thing replied.

As I continued remorselessly, pressing, stroking, and squeezing, along the full
length of her pussy, I said, "Now, just to make up for it, I want you to thank
me for stroking your private parts.  Now, Sarah!"

Despair wracked her soul, "Ohhhhh...ohhhh....th-thank you, sir,
for....ohhhh....st-st-stroking my private p-parts...Ah....Ah!"

Just to test her I tried a sharp pinch and was rewarded with a sharp, surprised
squeal of pain, the stab of which caused her to temporarily lose her grip on the
chair legs and partially rise up.  She quickly recovered, though, and resumed
her shamefully bent posture, crying bitterly.

I changed my approach slightly.  Where I had been stroking Sarah's succulent
pussy, through her panties, with long, firm strokes, I now began to lightly
tickle and tease it.  Sarah's trembling seemed to increase, but I also thought I
detected a subtle motion - a slight rocking of the hips with each little tickle
- as if she wanted me to press harder.

While so engaged, I said, "Now, I hope you understand that I have no
responsibility to explain any of my actions to you, my dear.  However, I again
feel moved to some leniency, so I will explain the perfectly legitimate reason
behind what I am doing.  As you know, I am about to give you a spanking.  Well,
it will be a very severe spanking, delivered with great enthusiasm.   It will
hurt you a great deal, I'm afraid."

Sarah could only breathe rapidly and twitch her hips.  I believe her physical
sensations were making it a bit hard for her to concentrate on my words.

"At any rate, you may notice that your pussy, uh, that is, your 'private parts'
are somewhat exposed in this position.  As a result it's always a possibility
that a stray fingertip or two might catch you there, which, I have been told,
can be fairly painful.  Thus, I'm testing the resiliency and firmness of this
part of you to help me decide how careful I need to be.  Well, I've pretty much
decided that I don't need to be especially careful, because, you see, you are
quite plump and firm, and the occasional spank is not going to harm you, though
it may hurt a lot."

"Oh...oh...please...st-stop!  Ah!  Ah!" the little imp's gyrations were
increasing.  And I was starting to notice a certain reaction that I had been
hoping for.  Sure enough, I could feel moisture through the thin fabric of
Sarah's panties.  She was getting turned on!

I went on, "Yes, and there is another reason.  You see, my dear, there are some
girls who are SO insubordinate and without shame that they actually allow
themselves to get, shall I say, 'turned on' during discipline.  I'm
checking...hmmm...what have we here?  Sarah!  I'm truly shocked!" I said in a
voice full of fake outrage.

I sniffed my finger loudly, and announced, "Sarah!  My word!  You're
getting...excited!"

"Oh, no, sir, I...."

"Silence!  This is unacceptable.  It is insulting as well as terribly forward
and flagrant.  I'm shocked, especially at a girl like you who purports to be a
good, Catholic girl."

Sarah could only weep as my tirade continued, "Well, my dear, all I can say is
that your punishment will take this outrageous behavior into account."

"Ohhhh...no, sir, I didn't mean it!  I can't help it.  I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"
the poor thing blathered, looking perfectly adorable as she remained well bent
over the chair, her lovely bottom in its white panties so nicely presented and a
naughty wet spot clearly visible on the crotch of her underwear.

"First off, you're going to be spending the rest of our session like the lustful
jezebel that you are - naked."

"No!"

"Oh, yes!  Now, stand up!"

Sarah obeyed but, somehow, wonderfully, she had some of her defiance back.

She quickly jumped away from the chair, saying, "Never!  Never!  You can't make
me!"

What a ridiculous figure she presented in her bra and panties as she dared to
tell me what I could or couldn't do.  I had to chuckle.

When she had calmed down just a bit, I observed, "Sarah, my dear, one would
think the you actually wanted to irritate me into increasing your punishment. 
Well let me assure you that you have succeeded.  You have blatantly and
repeatedly defied my commands, and, perhaps worst of all, you have disgustingly
indulged your base instincts and allowed yourself to become sexually excited
during a disciplinary session.  This last offense is simply unforgivable."

Sarah was quiet now, cowed again, listening to my every word.

"Because of your original list of offenses you were already scheduled for a very
severe punishment regime.  Now you have forced me to extend and amplify your
punishments.  I think I can assure you that, after your experience here today,
you will never be insubordinate or slutty in my presence again."

"Oh!  I'm s-sorry!  I...I'll be good!  P-please...y-you w-were t-touching me and
I couldn't h-help what h-happened..."

"I'm sorry, Sarah, there's no excuse for behaving like a trollop.  However, as
always, you can help your situation by becoming obedient.  Do I understand you
to be saying that you will now begin following my orders without question?"

"Y...Yes, sir." The poor thing whimpered.

"Good!  Then remove your underwear this instant.  Bra first."

"Oh!  Oh, please...I'll do anything you say, but, I CAN'T do that!  I CAN'T!"
the bewildered girl burst into tears, wringing her hands.

In a fit of desperation she fell on her knees before me, "Mr. Marks...you've got
to understand...I want to be obedient but I can't take my clothes of - what's
left of my clothes.  It would be a sin!"

"Stand up, girl!"

She obeyed and stood trembling and sobbing in front of me.

"My dear, your worries about sinfulness sound a bit hollow after the brazen way
you've indulged your sexual lust in front of me.  Why look, the disgusting stain
is spreading." As I pointed at her crotch.

Indeed, the wet spot was larger and more obvious.  It probably wasn't that she
was becoming more excited; she was probably beyond that little experience by
now.  It was just that the moisture had had a chance to soak through her
panties.  Nevertheless the dear young girl was mortified to have me point this
out and then to look down and see it with her own eyes.

I went on, "You have two seconds to begin removing your bra.  I'm not joking."

Sarah was paralyzed.

I waited for a few seconds.  She remained paralyzed.

I turned to my desk and pushed the button that would summon Ken and Sam.  Sarah
knew what I was doing and pleaded against it, "No, sir!  Not them!"

It was too late.  In came the two happy teenage boys.

"Ken, Sam, thanks for coming.  Now, let me point out to you a sure sign of a
nasty minded young girl."  And I pointed at wet spot in the crotch of Sarah's
panties.  Now, boys," I said, "We have a disobedient culprit to deal with.  Lets
have the bra off for starters."

Sarah tried to escape, but it was hopeless.  They quickly grabbed her and while
Ken held her firmly, Sam reached for the hooks to her industrial strength bra.

Again Sarah was in desperate straits.  She yelled out, "I'll do it!  Stop them,
Mr. Marks!  I'll do it!"

"Ahem.  Stop for a second, boys, but hold her tight.  Now, what are you saying,
my dear?"

"I'll do what you want!"

"And what is that?"

"I'll...I'll...Oh, God forgive me!....I'll take my cl-clothes off."

"Well, good!  Get started then.  Let her go, boys."

Sam and Ken reluctantly let go of there delightful catch, who stood there, not
knowing what to do.

I said, "Well, didn't you say you would remove your remaining clothing?"

"Oh, but not with THEM here.  I'll do it in front of you, but I CAN'T in front
of them!"

"Oh, Sarah, Sarah, when will you learn?  All right, one more time I'll be
lenient.  Since you've forced me to bother Sam and Ken, they SHOULD get the
treat of seeing you naked, AND helping in your punishment.  However, if you
PROMISE to do as I say, then I think I can offer you this - you will remove your
bra NOW, in front of us all.  Then Sam and Ken will leave and you will finish
stripping for my eyes only."

"Ohh! Ohhh!" The pure panic in her eyes was priceless!

"Begin NOW, Sarah, or the deal is off and there will be NO going back."

A fresh burst of sobbing accompanied Sarah's obedient action of reaching back
for her bra strap, forcing her nose-cone-like bra forward in a rather
frightening manner.

This was a wonderful moment.  One of the most shy and modest girls I had ever
encountered was about to bare her tits in front of a strange man and two lustful
young teenage boys.  It was the last thing she would EVER want to do, yet here
she was actually doing it.  It was clearly exquisite mental agony for her and
her innocent teenage face showed every bit of it.  Bit by bit the hooks and
clips and whatever came loose and the large structure started to slip.  I have
to admit that images of the Titanic came to me at this point.  Sarah was
apparently resigned and let the bra fall to the floor.  However she instantly
covered the centers of her breasts by folding her arms over them, which had the
effect of squishing them into her chest so that they threatened to spill out
over and under her arms.  For a teenage girl, Sarah simply had an amazing set of
tits.

"I don't believe you were given permission to cover your breasts, were you,
Sarah?"

"N-no, sir." A little girl voice answered.

"Well, then...?" I said, very softly, but with a menacing overtone.

With a soft crying moan Sarah slowly lowered her arms to her sides, unveiling in
the process a pair of breasts that had every right to be considered legendary. 
They were quite large, with thick, prominent nipples, but they had in addition
the wonderful firmness and perkiness that could only belong to the newly
blossomed breasts of a 17 year old.   And these magnificent structures were
complemented by a very slim waist and a flat stomach which swelled downward into
a very healthy looking set of hips.

Sarah's boobs bobbed and weaved as her shoulders shook with her silent sobs. 
She was mortified, obviously, and wanted nothing more than to cover herself.

"My goodness, Sarah, what excessively large 'mammaries' you have.  I wonder how
you manage to stand upright!" I commented with a chuckle.

Actually I was quite happy to see that Sarah's breasts were everything I had
been expecting and more.  I had only recently developed a rather interesting
device that had been designed with a big-chested girl in mind.  I had been
waiting for just the right one, and Sarah was it!  More about that later!

But now, I had Sam and Ken to think of.

"Sarah, since you've caused Sam and Ken here such trouble and irritation, you
are going to stand still while they feel your breasts.  Your are NOT to impeded
them in any way."

"Ohhh!  No!  No!"  The poor girl started to back away.

"Sarah!" I commanded.

The young beauty gave in, stopping where she was and dejectedly letting her arms
fall to her sides.  But I wasn't satisfied.

"Shoulders back, Sarah, at attention.  Let's have those big beauties really
poking out!"

With a shuddering sob, Sarah threw her shoulders back, which caused her breasts
to become even more prominent and protruding.  In addition, it was easier to see
the woeful expression on her face and to watch the tears trickle down her pretty
cheeks.

 I nodded to the boys and the eagerly approached their prey.  Sarah cringed but
managed to stay in position as each boy laid hold of one of her tender, and up
until now unsullied, breasts.  Sarah gasped and flinched at this first shocking
contact.  As the two teenagers began to kneed and squeeze and stroke she began
to pant in anguish.  Her face was a wonderful study as she clearly felt each
rude squeeze and pinch on her sacrosanct and oh-so-sensitive flesh.

Ken and Sam were certainly making the most of their opportunity, not letting any
square centimeter go unmolested.  Very soon Sarah's large, thick nipples were
even larger and thicker, and it occurred to me to look for signs in another
area.  Sure enough, the wet spot was getting even wetter.  The girl was getting
turned on in spite of herself!

"Just a minute boys.  Hold up.  I think that our young hussy here is actually
indulging her indecent impulses.  Look at her crotch!" and I pointed at the now
glistening juncture of Sarah's graceful white thighs.

Everyone, including the unfortunate subject of my remarks, looked where I was
pointing.  Sarah choked with shame at what she saw.  Sam and Ken giggled.  It
was now wet enough down there to make the material semi-transparent and what
could be seen was a hint of wet red pubic hair.

I thought to myself that Sam and Ken had had enough fun for the moment.  However
I decided to give them one more treat before dismissing them.

"Boys, you see before you a shameless wanton, who indulges her baser nature even
under discipline and in front of strange men.  Even worse, she is a hypocrite
who claims to be too good to be naked in front of us.  Since it was your
inspection of her breasts that gave her the opportunity for this indulgence, it
is only right that her breasts suffer an immediate rebuke.  Now, taking turns, I
want each of you to give the breast that you had charge of a healthy slap. 
Perhaps aversion therapy is the only course.  Ken first."

Ken smiled at me, and then at Sam, and then at the shocked and disbelieving
Sarah.  Without warning, he brought his hand up and gave her right boob a very
lusty slap from the side.  The sound was shockingly loud and the breast
recoiled.   Sarah screamed and staggered and then grabbed her insulted breast.

Just loudly enough to be heard over her outraged "OH"s, I said, "Sarah, you are
to stand upright, at attention, and lower your arms to your sides."

A fresh moan accompanied her quick obedience.  She was learning!  A clear, red,
imprint of a hand was visible on the previously white flesh.  As soon as she had
regained her "at attention" posture, Sam dealt her left boob and even harder
slap than the other had received.  Sarah screamed again and reached for the
newly smarting organ.

While Sarah was absorbing this latest pain and shock, I indicated to Sam and Ken
that they were dismissed for the moment, and they reluctantly left.

Sarah was bent over, massaging both of her delicate breasts exclaiming, "Oh! 
Oh!  Oh!"

"Attention, Sarah." I said.

It took just a second for my words to break into her spell, but then she lifted
her head, looked at me, realized what I had said, and immediately resumed her
correct posture, albeit a bit absent-mindedly.  Although her moaning ceased for
the moment, tears continued to trickle from her reddened eyes and she
periodically sniffled.  She seemed quite blown away by what had just happened to
her, so I waited a little to let her get her bearings and for the heaving of her
marvelous bosom to slowly subside.

As I watched I noted with pleasure the perfectly formed red handprints on the
side of each quivering breast and noted the general flush that was spreading to
cover them both.

Sarah happened to glance downward and noticed again her wet panties.  With a
little moan she moved her hands to cover them; but, thinking better of it, and
with a sigh, she let them fall back to her sides.

"Yes, I suppose it IS very embarrassing." I said in a kindly tone, "Here, my
girl, have a seat and relax for a moment." And I gestured to the chair in front
of my desk.  After she was seated she started to absentmindedly fold her arms
over her protruding bosom, but quickly obeyed when I cautioned her to leave her
arms at her sides.

"I think I'm seeing some improvement, Sarah, my dear.  You seem to be catching
on just how important total and immediate obedience is when you're being
disciplined.  Am I right?"

"Y-yes s-sir.  Sniff...Oh, please let me put my clothes on..." glancing
nervously at her still erect nipples which were so assertively pointing
themselves at me.

"I'd love to, Sarah, but I would be derelict in my duties if I did.  Don't you
see?  You must be shown the consequences of bad behavior.  Now, let's see, where
were we?  Oh, yes, I remember now, but perhaps I'll have you tell me.  Why was
it that I invited Ken and Sam to join us this last time?  Do you remember,
Sarah?"

Sarah's face paled, "Oh....y-yes, s-sir...oh, please..."

"And what was it, pray?"

Sarah began to sob again,  "Ohhhh, sob, I..y-you...wanted me to...oh!"

"Go on!"

"You w-wanted me to take off my underwear!  Oh, Mr. Marks, isn't there any other
way?  I'm very modest, and m-my religion..."

"Sarah, my dear, you let me worry about morality and modesty.  You have only to
obey."

Sarah began to tremble, "Oh, but...do we s-still...I mean I already h-have my
b-bra off..."

"If I call Sam and Ken, my dear, THEY will remove your precious panties.  Then I
will leave you alone with them for an hour.  How would you like that?  Here, let
me summon them..."

"No!!  I-I'll do it!  Oh, my God, forgive me!" she was wringing her hands in
supplication.

"Well, stand up and do it then!  Cut out this nonsense, Sarah.  I'm warning you. 
Anyway, those pants are soaked - think how comfortable you'll be to get rid of
them!" I added with a laugh, which she didn't share.

Instead, with a mournful expression on her tear-streaked face, she stood up and
began to slowly inch her panties down her hips.

"Move to the center of the room, my dear, so I can see you better.  Good."

Who knows what she thought of this order?  She obeyed it.  The panties continued
their descent.

I've seen many a pair of panties make their way southward, yet I never grow
tired of it.  Some experiences can be more memorable than others, however, and
this was one of them.  The person of Sarah herself was perhaps the most
important factor.  She was so feisty, yet so modest;  so lovely, yet so
determined to hide her charms; so moral and so innocent.  Such a girl being
forced to drop her last line of defense to the most private parts of her body
was a wonderful thing.

Then, of course, there was the matter of her beauty.  She was one of the most
beautiful girls that had ever come into my power.

The panties had reached the critical point of being about to expose pubic hair. 
Poor Sarah stopped pushing them downward and looked pleadingly and soulfully at
me.  I smiled at her and made a slight but significant move toward the button on
my desk.

With a choking sob, Sarah pushed her panties down, past the critical point and
suddenly they were hanging around her feet and I was looking at her lovely,
plump pussy, only slightly hidden by a very light,  fine growth of lovely red
curls.  Only a second later and Sarah's protective hands covered it - her holy
of holies!  Again I smiled and moved my finger toward the magic button.

Sarah exclaimed, "No!" and jerkily moved her hands away.  It was a struggle, and
twice her hands started to return to their post, but reason won out.  Her
anguished hands remained at her sides, trembling, ceaselessly curling and
uncurling, wanting so much to come to her pussy's defense!

"Come here, dear, around the desk.  Good.  I want to see just how far you've
gone with your self-indulgence."

The miserable girl walked around the desk and I turned to face her.   I
indicated that she stand about two feet in front of me, and, wonder of wonders,
this vision of naked loveliness obeyed.  Silently I let my voracious eyes travel
up and down her nubile and voluptuous frame.  Her large and beautifully formed
breasts were quite three dimensional at this distance, and I admit to a bit of a
flinch at their rather aggressive protruding.  Then I began to stare obviously
and interestedly at her cunt, which, I'm sure, caused her great mental anguish,
and made her hands desire feverishly to rush to guard it.

I said with a chuckle, "Hmmmm, I see we need the use of a towel or a hair drier,
Sarah."

Indeed the light covering of fine red hair was bedewed with droplets of Sarah's
dear love juice, and the skin underneath (which was quite easily seen) was
glistening.  Even from a couple of feet away, I could easily distinguish her
scent.  I was intoxicated.

I reached to my right to wall behind my desk (I was turned sideways, remember?)
and opened a drawer that contained various sized towels.  I picked a small,
fluffy, white one.

"Ohhh, sir..." Sarah whimpered, as she saw what I was about.

I decided that this was a good point to appear to be lenient.  I wanted my hand
to be the one doing the drying of Sarah's plump pussy, but I knew that it would
also be quite enjoyable to make her do it.  Grasping the towel, I reached it
toward her cunt, at which Sarah bent so that her crotch receded and she brought
her hands around to cover it.

"Sarah!  Attention!"

"Ohhhh!" she moaned as she obeyed my order, again offering a defenseless pussy
to my mercy.

I took the time to get a good look.  The light covering of red hair allowed a
pretty good view and I could see that Sarah possessed a very cute, very plump,
very naughty pussy.

"Hmm, I can imagine that it would be very harmful to your, um, religious
sentiments if I were to touch you there, Sarah.  How about this - you dry it
yourself.  Remember, however, that I'm going to check you afterwards, so you had
better do a thorough job."

I handed her the towel.  She took it, looked at it blankly, and hesitated.

"Obedience, Sarah, or else..."

Quickly the poor girl began to apply the towel to her damp pussy.  She started
out rather half-heartedly, as if shy to really start rubbing herself down there
in front of me.  It was rather charming.

"You'd better make sure and do a thorough, job, Sarah, my dear, because I'll be
checking." I said.

Now the beautiful naked girl started to really towel down her damp cunt, rubbing
away quite vigorously.  Since she now had the motivation - to get herself dry,
or else - she plunged the towel well in between her legs and made sure to dry
every part, including the sides of her thighs.  I was proud of her!

Finally she felt she was finished and stopped, looking at me with an uncertain
frown.

"I'll take that." I indicated that she was to hand me the towel, which she did.

The towel was definitely wet.  I made eye-contact with Sarah, and, while I was
sure she was looking, I sniffed the towel and smiled.  My nostrils were filled
with Sarah's intoxicating woman-scent while Sarah felt yet another stab of shame
and humiliation.

"Nothing to be ashamed of, my dear.  Every girl has her own scent and I like to
become familiar with it.  However, one must not forget that discipline is a
special situation.  You are NOT, my dear, NOT to indulge yourself again in this
manner until I am through with you.  Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir." She whispered.

"I don't want to detect any moisture down there - or any other signs
of...arousal.  Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir."

Sarah's red pussy hair was nice and fluffed up and her pussy, at least what I
could see, was blushing slightly from the rubbing it had just gotten.

I said, "Well, it appeared to me that you were doing a thorough job, so I'll
forgo any examination for now.  Well, my dear, where were we?"

"I don't k-know sir." She sniffed.

"Well, I mean, you came here for punishment, didn't you?  I think we must
remember that.  Now, I believe we were starting with a spanking, which WAS going
to be over your skirt originally.  Then, thanks to your willfulness, it was
going to be on your panties.  Now, my dear, again thanks to your own behavior,
it is going to be on your bare bottom, and of course, you're completely naked."

The look of horror that crossed her face just then was marvelous, certainly the
type of thing that keeps me in this line of work.

"Ohhh, p-please, M-Mister Marks, haven't I been punished enough?  Those
b-boys...w-what they d-did to my...and I'm all n-naked...p-please...just let me
put on my panties and then you can sp-spank me"

I laughed, "Sarah, my dear, you don't seem to realize how lenient I've been, how
many second chances you've ALREADY gotten.  Now, let's have no more nonsense. 
Let's see, where shall I have you?  Oh, of course, I'll have you in exactly the
position you were GOING to be spanked in while you were still wearing clothes. 
That will help you meditate on how much less you like it being naked.  Over to
the chair with you, and bend over just the way you were before.  Now, Sarah."

The sad-faced girl knew she had to obey, and walked slowly, with dread, to the
straight backed chair that was waiting for her in front of my desk.  When she
got to it she seemed to have difficulty deciding how to position herself.  I was
quite sure that she was realizing that if she positioned her legs astride the
seat and bent over the back, as she had been previously, she would be giving me
the most blatantly immodest view that was possible for a girl to give.  Thinking
perhaps that I might forget or perhaps not be particular, she chose to bend over
the chair from the back, keeping her legs pinched oh-so-tightly together.

Since the chair was facing my desk and I was behind the desk, I wasn't getting
quite the view I'd hoped for.  However, I always make a point of enjoying the
real, as opposed to the ideal.  First there was the tearful, woebegone face, and
then the pendulous bosom swinging down.  Finially, as she was bent all the way
over (she was being SO good!0, there was Sarah's beautiful back and the top
cleft of her bottom and her bright red hair hanging onto the chair seat..  I
enjoyed this immensely, but, nevertheless, she wasn't to get away with her
little plan!

I got up and walked to her side, noticing with pleasure how her trembling
increased as I drew near.  I gently placed my right hand on her bottom and heard
her gasp.  Then I gently rubbed as she moaned her humiliation and trepidation.

"Sarah, I'm afraid you seem to have forgotten.  You're all turned around, aren't
you?  Now, listen, my dear.  I'll ASSUME that you just made a little mistake IF
you get yourself positioned properly NOW." And I punctuated the "now" with a
sharp smack across the center of young Sarah's naked bottom.

My order and the smack conspired to bring Sarah upright.  She turned her
tearstained eyes to me, "Mr. Marks, I can't do it the other way.  It would be
t-too..."

"Ken and Sam would be happy to assist you, my dear."

"Ohhh!" the poor thing moaned and awkwardly, with infinite reluctance, moved to
the other side of the chair, her breasts bobbing, covering her pussy with both
hands, and straddled the chair seat.  It was amusing to me that she continued to
cover her pussy as she did this.  After all, in just a few moments I would be
seeing everything.  A teenage girl's mind can play tricks.

She began to cry again as she bent over the chair back, knowing that she was
putting all of her secrets on display.  I helped her to reach down and grasp the
chair legs as low as possible.  Then I moved around her to investigate the
rearward view.

"Well, Sarah, I can see why you were reluctant to assume this position.  You
certainly are showing everything." At which the poor girl moaned with despair. 
"Now, let me remind you, Sarah, that you are NOT to move out of position; you
are NOT to move your hands, or in any way try to impede me.  Otherwise, Sam and
Ken will be back, and they'll have their ways with you.  I very strongly suspect
you won't like that.  Do you understand?"

"Y-y-yes, sir."

What a sight it was, Sarah's bottom!  I think I commented earlier on the
cuteness of Sarah's rear end.  Now that she was naked and so conveniently posed,
I could see that it was truly a rear end to write home about.  It was
substantial, large, yet wonderfully firm and gracefully turned.  The skin was
fine and soft looking, of a delicate pale hue.  A large part of my current
enjoyment was picturing just how this marvelous bottom might be looking in
another half an hour.  Visions of purpling bruises and raised red weals danced
in my head.

Of course there was more to the view Sarah was so nicely presenting to me, as
any casual student of female anatomy should know.  The pussy that had promised
to be so scrumptious proved to be just that.  It was marvelously plump, with
outer lips that just begged to be pinched, or paddled, or clipped, or switched,
and with just a naughty little hint of inner labia peeking discretely from
between.  A delightful spray of red hair was the finishing touch.

Looking above this object of transcendent beauty I beheld, to my awe, the
cutest, loveliest bumhole I had ever seen.  It was so fresh, so pink, so robust,
so cutely wrinkled and dimpled.  I was fascinated, enthralled.  My heart leaped
with each little wink brought about by Sarah's understandable nervous twitching. 
My already hard prick stood even more firmly at attention, saluting this pretty
jewel.  I decided right then that Sarah was the very girl on whom to explore
some new ideas I had for a girl's anus.

I laid my right hand on the upper summits of Sarah's defenseless behind and was
rewarded by a shocked gasp followed by an ineffectual attempt to clinch her
bumcheeks together.  I let my curious palm roam lightly over the bounteous
surfaces, just grazing the soft, all but invisible down that covered them.  This
apparently caused Sarah the most exquisitely tantalizing feelings, judging by
her mortified sobs and moans, and by her tensed muscles.

Her muscle tensed the most and her moans became more gaspy whenever I let a
careless finger trail perilously close to one of Sarah's two rearward openings,
which I did repeatedly without quite actually touching either of those
sacrosanct areas.  I noticed that it was her anus that the dear girl seemed most
desperate to protect, clinching her buttocks with all her might whenever she
felt that it was in danger of being "molested."

As an amazing tribute to how well she had learned to be obedient, Sarah remained
in position through all of this and only once moved to protect herself with her
hands, a fault that she instantly corrected.

I said, "I congratulate you, Sarah, on having a lovely bottom as well
as...ahem...other parts."

I thought I could detect a slight increase in the intensity of her sorrowful
sobs at this cruel remark.

I continued to "torture" and "tease" my victim with my ever so light caresses
and ever so close almost touching of her pussy and bumhole.  Soon I became aware
that my true goal had been reached.  That is, our poor youngster was becoming
aroused again.  I'm not sure whether I first smelled or saw the evidence, but
after just a little bit more Sarah's arousal was both visible and aromatic.  The
pink skin was glistening and drops of dew were hanging from the red hairs.  I
could also see a swelling and assertion from the inner labia - the naughty
things!  The aroma was pungent and unmistakable.

I stopped my caressing, and said, in a shocked voice, "Sarah, I can hardly
believe what I'm seeing and smelling.  You are once again indulging your illicit
appetites.  You are allowing yourself to become aroused."

"Oh no, sir!  No, noooooh!!  I'm...I'm s-sorry...I c-can't help it..."

It was such fun to have a conversation with a girl in Sarah's position -
"facing" me, as it were, with her nether regions.

"You're making things worse, my girl, by not accepting responsibility for your
own behavior.  I won't be fooled and I won't accept it.  I can't believe that
after what I've told you, so explicitly, you would have the nerve to do this
again.  I don't believe I've ever encountered such insolence."

"Ohhhh, sob!" she could only cry, her shoulders and her bottom both shaking with
her sobs.

"Well, " I said in a cold voice, "let me be perfectly clear.  You will be
punished for this, my girl - very thoroughly... and it will be in addition to
the punishment that you were down for when you first arrived at my office.  I
will say no more for the moment, but you can expect some serious consequences
for your self indulgence."

I let these words sink in, through her sobs, and then I said, "But time is
wasting.  We must get on with this.  First, your spanking - and I very STRONGLY
advise you to remain in position throughout, no matter how much it hurts."

Whap!  I dealt Sarah a full-blooded spank right across the center of her big
bottom, bridging the gap.  It was a very hard slap; I don't spank any other way. 
For poor Sarah, it must have been very shocking after the light teasing caresses
and the sexual thrills she had been getting perhaps a little bit used to.  Often
one finds that disciplinary literature passes by the spanking in order to get to
the more severe instruments.  While I agree that there are more severe
instruments, the proper application of a male, or even a female, hand at the end
of a well-muscled arm should not be minimized.  A real spanking hurts, and
that's what Sarah was getting.

"Oww!  Oww!  Ahh!" Sarah yelled, and let go of the chair legs, rising up just a
bit, as the sharp sting shot through her.  My recent lecture was still in her
mind, however, and, since she really wanted to avoid any more extra punishment,
she managed to force herself to resume her position.  It was a lovely sight to
see her pussy and anus reappear after a momentary absence.  The picture as a
little different now - with the addition of a red hand print across the great
divide.

"It was wise of you to remember yourself, Sarah, and to repress you impulses to
defend yourself.  However, even the small amount that you did move will cost
you.  Again, I advise you to remain perfectly still."  Whap!  Whap!

I dealt her two more crackers - one on each cheek.  They obviously hurt a lot,
and Sarah yelled out with each one, but managed to maintain her hold on the
chair legs.

Whap!  Whap!  Two more of the same.  Sarah yelled again and jerked backwards,
almost pulling loose from her grip on the chair legs.  As she flopped back down,
I was amused to see her large breasts slap into the back of the chair.  I was
reminded of my plans for them.

I happily observed the reddening handprints on Sarah's spacious cheeks, and
watched as those lovely mounds began to clinch and relax in response to the
pain, a level of pain which was probably surprising to her - that a spanking
could hurt this much.  I was confident that that pretty head of hers - down near
the floor where it was now located - was largely occupied with wondering how
many more of those swats she could stand.

My hand was already stinging, but I would just have to put up with it!  Poor me! 
I gave her a series of slaps, alternating cheeks, waiting just long enough
between for Sarah to express her considered opinion.

Whap!
"Owww!"
Whap!
 "Owww!  Ahhh!"
Whap!
"Ahhhgg!  Owww!"
Whap!
"Ohhhh!  Sob!  Ahhh!  Oh, Please....!"
Whap!
"Ahhhhhgggg!  Oh, stop!  Stop! It hurts!"

Sarah's bottom cheeks wobbled and recoiled with each blow.  Her cries were
becoming more pain-filled and desperate.  I saw that her legs were starting to
tremble.  I aimed a few blows so that my finger tips stung the inside of her
divine crevice and was much rewarded to her a new tone of pain and fear in her
yells.

Sarah tried her best to be brave, to hold her position as ordered, but it was a
losing battle.  She didn't necessarily know this, but I did.  I had several
different strategies that I could use, each of which was sure eventually to
break her endurance and force her to attempt to protect herself.  First, I could
simply keep spanking her until she gave in.  This was guaranteed, because I had
NEVER seen it fail.  Second, if I desired a quicker capitulation, I could simply
increase the force of my blows, which, up until now, hadn't really shown what I
was capable of.

I chose a third, and even quicker, option.  I directed a very hard slap so that
the main force of it fell full on her fat, and quite vulnerable, pussy.

Splatt!

"Aiiieeeeghhhhoowww!!" She yelled as she shot bolt upright and reached her hands
behind her to attempt to protect her smarting love nest, hopping with pain and
knocking the chair for a loop as she did so.  It was a lovely sight, as her
large breasts bounced with abandon.  She burst into tears.

"Being insubordinate again, are we?" I asked.

"Ohhhh!  I'm sorry!  I'm sorry!  But, you hit m-my...m-my...Ohhhh, God!  Ohhh,
it hurts!!" she babbled through her distraught tears, fairly grabbing the
injured organ.

I believe the word you're looking for is 'pussy', my dear.  Or perhaps you would
say, vulva?" Enjoying the shocked look on her face.  "It's inevitable that
during a serious spanking there will be some blows that fall stray of the main
mark.  That's all part of a spanking, my dear.  And spanking, I dare say, is an
activity with which you don't seem to have had sufficient familiarity in your
young life.  You should be thankful that I wasn't giving your pussy my undivided
attention.  You'd be singing a different tune then, I'll bet.  But no matter. 
You've shown that you are the type of girl that requires restraining.  That's
too bad for you, because that means an increase in severity.  It also means that
Sam and Ken will be required.  Here, let me call them."

"No! No!  I'll stay in position!  Please!  Oh, I mean, as long as you don't hit
me...there...again.  No!  I mean...whatever you say, I'll do...j-just d-don't
call those b-boys!" Poor Sarah certainly didn't relish the idea of Sam and Ken
"having their ways" with her.

"My dear, my dear, I hope you appreciate the repeated leniency with which I've
been treating you - especially after you have taken such advantage up to now. 
Hmmm, let's see.  Well, one thing's for sure.  You WILL have to be restrained. 
I can't be bothered with continually ordering you back into proper position. 
After all I've barely begun you're discipline; we're behind schedule."

"B-barely b-begun?  B-but you've d-done so m-uch..." she sniffled in disbelief.

"Tush!  You don't think a spanking is all a girl gets when she comes to me, do
you?  Don't be silly, my girl.  Now, let's see.  I'll agree to not call Sam and
Ken back if you'll agree to willingly and cheerfully allow your self to be fixed
in any way I tell you.  What do you say?"

"F-fixed, sir?" she managed between sniffles.

"You heard me, Sarah.  You have only to agree, AND adhere to your agreement, or
our two young friends get to have some more fun.  Now, what will it be?"

"I'll do it...ohhhh...I'll d-do what y-you want."

"Good girl.  Perhaps we ARE getting somewhere.  Just to show my heart's in the
right place, I'll make you're a further offer.  I'm going to give you a another
chance, before we get going with your regular punishment (which, I might add,
has expanded quite a bit thanks to your behavior.)  I'll give you a chance to
get off the punishment that you're due for your shameful indulgence - for your
wet pussy, to be frank about it.  Oh, yes, I said sexual lust, Sarah.  Don't
feign innocence with me after the way you've acted.
 
Now, your punishment for this matter I'm referring to would normally be, and
WILL be unless you get off it, very extended, very painful, very humiliating,
and, perhaps most important to you, quite public.  In fact, you'll be receiving
it at the boy's school down the road, in full view of the entire school.  And
just what part of your body do you imagine we'll be punishing, my dear, for such
behavior as yours?" I ended with a meaningful smile.

Sarah was so shocked she couldn't speak.  Her face was drained of blood.

I continued, "Well, can I infer from your shocked expression that you would
rather NOT experience such a punishment?"

"Oh, p-p-please...no, no...not in front of boys..."

"Yes, that certainly could be embarrassing.  Well, here's what you have to do,
step by step.  First have a seat on the end on my desk."

The poor, frightened girl obeyed, plumping her sore bottom onto the hard wood
with a wince.  Her legs were demurely pressed together and she folded her arms
in front of her breasts.  She looked at me in fear of what my next command might
be.

"Very, good, Sarah.  Now, let me clear things off behind your.  Yes, that's
good.  Now, let's have you just lie back, straight back.  Good!" I assisted the
trembling girl in lying on her back on the desk, with her bottom right on the
edge and her legs hanging of the end.  She looked simply marvelous in this
awkward pose.

"Now, I'm going to help you on this next part.  We're going to, oooph, lift your
legs up, up, and back.  Now, Sarah, don't resist, unless you're really wanting
that public punishment.  Remember, you'll be showing all those boys everything
that you might show me today."

With a moan of despair, Sarah, allowed me to push her legs backwards, and she
grabbed hold of her ankles when I told her to.

"Now, hold tight to those ankles, my dear, and spread them out just another few
inches.  Good girl!"

From between her ankles, Sarah's face was a weepy mess.  Even now, she was
sniffling and sobbing as if her heart would break.  Her lovely, tightly bent and
well spread, bottom was perched right on the edge of the desk.  It's appearance
was a bit altered after its spanking; it was suffused with a red flush, the skin
was just beginning to get some of that mottled appearance that comes from well
applied discipline, and there were subtle little bruises.  I was happy to see
that Sarah "marked well."

Of course you students of female anatomy are probably way ahead of me as to what
ELSE I was able to see of Sarah's.  Yes, that's right, her pussy and her anus
were quite conveniently placed and displayed.  The pussy was looking a bit
ruffled and reddened from the slap it had received.  And that pretty little
bumhole - just as fresh as ever.  I made a mental appointment with it for later
attentions.

"Just relax, dear.  I'll be right back..." and I walked behind my desk to pick
out a light plastic fly swatter.  I returned to her "bottom end", and giving her
a friendly smile, showed her the instrument.

"Yes, it's only a fly swatter, my dear.  I've found them to be admirably suited
to punishing bad girls' pussies.  What do you think?"

She shook her head, "No...you...wouldn't...n-not with t-that?"

"By all means, Sarah, you must be cured, and an addiction to sexual indulgence
such as you have calls for stern measures.  Now, all YOU have to do is remain as
you are and keep hold of your ankles.  If you let them go for an instant, then
I'll reinstate your public punishment.  I don't always tell girls in advance,
but I'll go ahead and tell you - you've got to hold out for twenty strokes. 
Then you'll be off the hook and the boys will be the losers."

"N-no, sir!  Y-you c-can't hit me there...I'll d-do ANYTHING else, but I'm VERY
sensitive there, sir, Mr. Marks!  I couldn't stand it!"

"Well, OK, then, Sarah, but remember, your public punishment will probably START
with something like this little item and get worse.  Plus it will last for a
whole day.  However, if that's the way you want it, come on, I'll help you
down." And I made as if to suit action to word.

But Sarah said, "No!  I'll try!  I'll try!  I h-have to.  I CAN'T be seen like
this in public.  I CAN'T!" and Sarah remained on the desk with her most secret
parts lewdly displayed before me - of her own "free" will!  Sarah was
voluntarily presenting her pussy for punishment!

"A wise decision, Sarah.  After all, how much could a light little fly swatter
hurt you?"

Sarah seemed a bit doubtful about this.

Was I really giving her a chance to escape from public punishment?  Of course
not.  I was toying with her.   I knew very well that Sarah would never be able
to hold out if I didn't want her to.  This is one of the ways I keep my job
interesting and rewarding!

I raised the swatter.  Sarah's eyes widened, and I said, "Hold tight, Sarah, and
we'll get this over with."

Smack!  I dealt her fairly light stroke, the end of the swatter smacking
sharply, but not too heavily, into her cunt.

She arched her back and yelled, "Ahhhhhgggg!  Ow!  Ow!  Ohhhh!   Ohhh!"   Her
thigh muscles contracted fiercely but she remained in position.  The first
stroke was light because I wanted to give her a little hope, so that she would
think, "Gosh, that hurt!  But I THINK I might JUST be able to get through it..." 
I was happily impressed with the apparent sensitivity of that part of her.

Smack!  Another light one, but her already sore pussy took this one a bit
harder.

"Aghghghg!  Ohhh!   Owwwww!"  in a frenzy of pain she held even tighter to those
all-important ankles, in fact pulling them back further and, in the process,
lifting her pussy just a touch higher for the swatter.  Her legs were trembling.

"I don't imagine you're satisfying your nasty impulses now, are you my dear?" I
asked, while looking with satisfaction at Sarah's reddened pussy.  Indeed, there
appear to be no signs of arousal.  She was feeling nothing but pain - and quite
a lot of that it appeared!

Sarah could only scrunch her closed eyes and wait for the next stroke, as her
pussy hovered in the air.  She breathed rapidly in short gasped as she dealt
with her sensations.

Smack!  I made this one just a touch firmer, and it was almost too much for
Sarah.  She let out a very loud scream and her legs did their level best to
close and lower themselves - to protect that now aching cunt.  But somehow our
dear girl managed to hold on.

I'm afraid I DO sometimes let my enjoyment carry me away.  I must confess that I
stretched Sarah's torture out a bit longer than was absolutely necessary.  I
lightened up on the next stroke as well as on succeeding ones, judging by her
reactions just how much she could continue to take.  This is not to say that
Sarah wasn't suffering.  In fact, I was making sure that she was suffering as
much as she could while still doing nothing to protect herself.

I also slowed the tempo down quite a bit, to give her a little time to recover
between insults to her pussy, during which intervals I chatted amiably about
this and that - my plans for my garden, that sort of thing. Sarah seemed a
little distant during these chats, seeming to be preoccupied with some rather
intense sensations.

Light as they were, each blow seemed quite serious to Sarah - or at least as
serious as any she had experienced thus far in her young life.  I was quite sure
I could guarantee that she would be reaching far greater heights in just a
little while.  At any rate, each stroke provided a challenge to Sarah to
maintain her self-control and to not give in to the promptings of her suffering
pussy.

After seventeen smacks, Sarah's cunt was a dark red and was looking even plumper
- swollen, in fact, and was starting to bruise.  Sarah seemed almost at the end
of her endurance, yet determined to hang on to the end.

On the eighteenth stroke I raised the strap and brought it down quite hard, full
on Sarah's splayed out pussy.

Whap!!

The suddenly excruciating pain seemed to stun her.  The hands holding her legs
squeezed until the knuckles were white.  A second later an agonized scream broke
from her.  Somehow, someway, she managed to barely hold her position.  Her legs
and bottom were trembling violently.

Whap!!  This one was even harder.  It did the trick.

Sarah screamed out and instantly let go of her legs, rolling forward and
compulsively reaching for her injured part with both hands.  She rolled forward,
still yelling out her intolerable suffering and fell off the desk.  She huddled
on the floor with her hands between her legs.  I smiled.

"Goodness, that's too bad, Sarah, old girl.  You almost made it!" I sympathized,
"But, come on, you can't just mope about over spilt milk, now can you?  Come on,
dear, on your feet.  Stiff upper lip, and all that.  Oh, sorry about the choice
of words."

I assisted the all but lifeless girl to her feet.  She was wobbly but managed to
stand on her own.  However, her hands were still well between her legs hold and
gently massaging her smarting pussy as she softly moaned and cried to herself.

"Now, now, Sarah, no need to make such a fuss over a few little smacks.  Let's
have you at attention.  Now!"

Sarah obeyed, but SO slowly.  She stood up straight, her arms to her sides, her
wonderful tits pointing at me.  Her pussy look quite sore and raw, and I noticed
she was standing bow legged.

"Sarah, close your legs, please.  Are you trying to provoke me again?"

The lovely youngster was well conditioned to obedience by now.  She immediately
closed her legs, but gave out with a little yelp at the pressure on her tender
tissues.  Now that Sarah's naughty little pussy had gotten some color, it was
even easier to see it through her flimsy covering of light red hair.

In a lost little girl voice, Sarah said, "Oh, Mr. Marks..."

"Yes, Sarah."

"Y-you c-can't really mean w-what you s-say about me being p-punished in front
of b-boys, could you?"

"Sarah, you may feel quite confident.  I mean what I say."

"Ohhhh, no!"

Sarah made as if to fall on her knees to beg me, but I stopped her with a clear
signal.  She was to remain at attention.

After feasting my eyes for a bit on the pretty picture she made, I said, "Now,
we really need to get on with your punishment.  We've hardly gotten anywhere..."

"B-but, sir, you've done so much!  So much to me!  I've been punished enough,
haven't I?"

"You've been given a little bit of a warm up spanking, is all.  What are you
talking about?"

"What you did to my...w-with the..the...it hurt...it hurt s-so much..."

"I'm sorry if it hurt, my dear, but that was beside the point of your punishment
- as I explained to you, I believe.  A mere side track."

A look of despair crossed that pretty face as poor Sarah began to get more of an
idea of what she might be in for.

I said, "This way, my dear, to the punishment room."  And I grabbed Sarah's
right ear and began leading her to a side door.  She squeaked a bit but did her
best to be cooperative and walked along with me, although her walk was a touch
bowlegged.  I opened the door and motioned for Sarah to lead the way.  I
switched on the light as she passed through the doorway, and I was pleased to
hear her sharp gasp.  I'm a touch proud of my punishment room, and I always
enjoy the impression it makes on first time viewers.

The first time viewer knows right away that this is a special place.  There are
so many clues - the vaulting horse with its strategically placed straps, the
various pulleys in the ceiling and on the walls with ropes and cuffs hanging
from them, the two "wooden horses" that I had only recently acquired and which
were so useful in punishing girls who were guilty of sexual offenses.  These
were perhaps the most obvious items.  There were others that were either equally
large but more mysterious, or that were smaller and not noticed quite as
quickly.

In the "larger but more mysterious" category, there was the simple table with
stirrups as well as my brand new "flapper" device that I was so eager to try out
on Sarah.  Smaller items might include the simple chair with the rectal dildo
poking up from the seat, or the several enema bags hanging from the wall.

The room itself was large enough to comfortably hold all of these things, and
more, and still provide plenty of "room to move.".  The lighting was subdued and
pleasing, but there were also spotlights that could be conveniently aimed.

As Sarah stared about her in horrified wonder, I removed my suit coat, hung it
in a convenient closet, and retrieved a comfortable smoking jacket from the same
closet.  I then had a seat in my favorite chair, a comfortable armchair placed
in one corner so that it commanded a view of everything in the punishment room.

Sarah watched me fearfully.  She had unconsciously resumed her habit of trying
to protect her modesty, with one arm curved protectively in front of her breasts
and the other hand over her pussy.  She had also backed herself up against one
wall, perhaps to protect her bottom as well.

I smiled, "Well, Sarah, what do you think?  It's a well-appointed room, I'd say. 
I can tell you one thing for sure - young girls like you don't leave this room
without learning a strong lesson in the value of good behavior."

I poured myself a snifter of brandy from a decanter on the side table next to my
chair, lit a cigar, and allowed myself the pleasure of watching and enjoying the
distraught naked beauty in front of me.  She was crying again and seemed at a
loss for words.  Her eyes darted from object to object in the room, obviously
trying to understand their purposes, their potential uses, their threats.  With
some, undoubtedly, she had no trouble discerning the purpose, while with others
she must have remained mystified.

Perhaps in my description of this wonderful room I didn't point out what a
COMFORTABLE room it is.  The floor is covered with a fine soft carpet, the
pastel walls are padded, and the track lighting is efficient while not harsh to
the eye.  As always when I enter this room with a subject I take a few seconds
to drink it all in, to taste the pleasurable anticipation of the impending
events, and to relax.  Often I find that the young girl in question doesn't have
quite the same experience during these few moments, but rather seems to become
even more anxious and agitated as the seconds tick by.

As I explained to my young charge, I liked to use the punishment room for the
more "special" cases, the ones that needed a great deal more attention than
most.  Or I would prefer it for situations where one expected the wails and
cries of the victim to be louder and more sustained than normal.  For the room
was well soundproofed, and thus one could minimize disruptions to the classes
taking place just down the hall.

The closing of the door of this room can send an icy chill through the heart of
the bravest of girls.  The click sounds very secure and all sounds from outside
suddenly go away.  It's now just her and...me.  Sarah appeared quite impressed. 
Her sniffling had stopped, to be replaced by a kind of fearful panting.
 "Now, Sarah my girl, let's have a look at you.  Please walk over here and stand
in front of me."

Sarah let out a moaning whimper and followed my order, carefully keeping as much
of her "private" areas as she could manage protected from my eyes.  I indicated
that she should stand in the cone of the "spot" that was shining just in front
of my chair.

"Now, hands on your head and stand at attention."

Again the despairing whimper and the obedient response, and my eyes were treated
to a wondrous sight.  Sarah was a lovely girl and the soft light did her no
disservice.  I feasted my eyes on her perfect, tear-stained, face, her jutting
breasts with their large, red nipples, her soft belly, her lightly fleeced plump
pussy, as she stood trembling before me, her eyes begging for mercy even though
her voice was silent.

Her legs were slightly parted, probably due to the continued soreness of her
pussy.  Indeed, it did appear to be a bit raw and swollen.

"Close your legs, Sarah."

She obeyed, but I noted a wince of pain cross her brow.

"Is your pussy a bit sore, my dear?" I asked, leaning forward a bit to get a
better look, causing Sarah no end of distress.

"Y-yes, sir..."

"Well, I'm not surprised.  It did take a bit of a swatting.  As I said before,
too bad you weren't able to last just a few more strokes." And I blew a puff of
cigar smoke right onto the object in question.

A soft cry answered this indignity.

I went on, "Yes, it's too bad, because that public punishment will probably be
quite upsetting to you, not to mention uncomfortable."

"Ohhh, sir!  Don't make me go through..."

"Hush, girl!  Now, turn around and show me your bottom."

That lovely bottom turned toward me.  It still had a healthy glow from the
little bit of spanking it had received.

"You have a lovely bottom, Sarah, and I think it's appearance is improved after
a little bit of spanking has added a bit of rouge.  I do fear, however, that
your bottom will be displaying all of the colors of the rainbow before I'm
finished with you.  Now, I have a task for you.  Please go to that wall to your
right and bring me the object hanging there."

"Now, as I was saying, we're running a bit behind, so I think we need to move
straight ahead.  First, since we've established that you aren't capable of
holding still for punishment, I think we need to get you into a proper
restraint.  Go to that wall, there, Sarah, and bring me the item hanging there. 
Yes, that one.  Bring it here"

I had been thinking about restraints of late.  Of course, that's nothing really
new - I'm actually always thinking about them - one of my favorite subjects. 
Having a girl restrained for punishment is, of course, wonderful in itself,
regardless of the means.  But of course there are advantages and disadvantages
to different approaches.  One consideration is how much freedom of movement to
offer the victim.  Too much freedom and it becomes difficult to precisely
administer her punishment, too little freedom and I find my own interest waning
a bit, since I love to witness as much writhing and jerking and bouncing of
pretty female flesh as possible.  I had been thinking lately that I would like
to restrain a girl so that she was always forced to present her bottom for
punishment but also so that she was able to actually move about the room.

The equipment consisted of the following.  First, there was a wooden dowel,
about and inch in diameter and about two feet in length.  Attached to each end
was a leather cuff large enough to fit around a girl's thighs, just above the
knee.  Attached to each of these cuffs by a swivel was a wrist cuff.  Smiling, I
received it from a confused and frightened Sarah and held it up for her perusal.

"Well, Sarah, what do you think?  Can you imagine how this little item is to be
used?"

Sarah stared in fearful fascination.  Her tears were temporarily stopped as she
did her best to figure out what was going to happen to her.

 "Nothing like learning by doing, my dear.  So I'll let you perform phase one. 
All you have to do is put these large cuffs around your legs." As I handed the
device back to her.

Sarah backed away, "Ohhh...ohhh, sir, p-please..." she was clearly quite afraid.

"Shall I summon our friends, my dear?"

"No!  No, sir!  I'll d-do it..." and the poor thing held out her hands to take
the dreaded device.

I handed it to her.  It didn't take her very long to attach the cuffs,
tightening them as I prompted until they were quite secure.

I could tell by her widening eyes that our dear girl was putting two and two
together.  She could most likely guess that the outer cuffs, which were attached
to the big ones so that they were on the outside of each leg, were intended for
her wrists.  I took pleasure in realizing that she was trying to picture just
what posture such a situation would force her into.

She already looked quite adorable - a voluptuous naked teenager with her knees
forced to remain exactly two significant feet from each other, said knees
prevented from closing to protect her girlish secrets from whatever the
unfriendly world might set upon them.

"Now let's see you attach your left wrist, Sarah."

"Oh, Mr. Marks, please!  I promise I'll stay in position!  You don't have to do
this!"

"Sarah, obey me, now."

She started blubbering again, but obeyed, against her best wishes.  She was a
dexterous girl and, bending over, had very little trouble securing the wrist
cuff.  Even with only one wrist fixed, Sarah's posture was becoming interesting. 
The poor girl quickly tried to find a position that wasn't quite so provocative
and didn't involve poking her bottom out too much.  She couldn't find one, I was
happy to see.

"Good, girl, Sarah!  Now, I'll finish you up." And I quickly fixed Sarah's right
wrist into the remaining strap.  Sarah's choice of positions became a great deal
more constrained.  If she wanted to be able to look ahead of her at all, she had
to adapt a squatting posture, which poked her bottom out quite nicely. 
Otherwise, she could straighten her legs, thus forcing her to bend forward more
severely.  This position was quite appealing as well - not for her, but for me! 
In addition, of course, Sarah was now incapable of freeing herself.

In order that she might keep her eyes on me, Sarah decided on the squatting
posture and faced me, letting her rudely presented bottom point "harmlessly"
away from me.  I couldn't help but be very aware, and I'm sure she couldn't
either, that in this position her wonderfully large and firm breasts were rather
rudely a defenselessly presented as well.  I was quite happy with my little
invention, but Sarah's feelings were mixed at best!

I chuckled, "Well, Sarah, you certainly look charming in your new outfit.  Let's
see how well you can move around, why don't we?"

Sarah turned her most beseeching and piteous glance upon me, with little effect,
"M-Mr. Marks, I PROMISE I'll stay in position for punishment!  Oh, please, let
me loose!"

I ignored this request.  "Let's have you walk back and forth a few feet.  Yes,
that's right, keep it up.  You'll get the hang of it."

The poor girl waddled back and forth in her absurd hunched-over posture, weeping
bitterly in humiliation as she did so.  After a little practice, she DID get the
hang of it and shuffled along pretty well.  The visual effect was delicious as
her bottom wagged rudely and her hanging breasts swung and bounced from side to
side.  It was hard to keep in mind that the poor girl wasn't being so rudely
provocative on purpose.

Her legs had to be getting tired of their bent position, and, sure enough, Sarah
apparently found herself forced to straighten her legs in order to rest their
tired muscles.  This brought her bottom up and her head and shoulders down - a
charming pose which I took the time to admire, again paying mental tribute to
both of her virgin orifices.  It was at this moment that the image of an archery
target drawn on her bottom first came to me.  Of course the center of the target
was her darling little bum-hole.

Walking behind my desk I said to Sarah with a cruel laugh, "I'll be right back,
dear.  Don't wander off!"

I opened a door next to the cabinet that was really a little closet.  Inside the
closet were a wide variety of canes.  I picked one of the most severe models,
known as the "judicial" cane.  As I walked toward her with the rather impressive
instrument, Sarah struggled a bit, but quickly found that she wasn't going to be
able to get loose.

Grabbing Sarah by the ear again (I love doing that!), I led her to one wall of
the room and pointed out to her that it was possible to proceed all the way
around the room next to the wall without bumping into any "apparati."

 "Now, my girl, here's what's going to happen.  You have only to circle the room
three times and your caning will be over.  I advise you to move as fast as you
can, because I'm going to be caning you, in turn as fast as I can.  Now, here's
the starting line, just to get you pointed in the right direction.  Good.  Now,
the starting signal is very simple - start moving as soon as you feel the first
stroke."

She looked so adorable there, waiting for the cane to attack her rudely
presented bottom.

I snapped the cane vigorously down into the center of Sarah's defenseless
bottom.  It made a satisfying "crack" and Sarah screamed in pain and surprise. 
She jumped forward in reaction to the pain, but, being a smart girl, she right
away remembered that she needed to start moving if she was to minimize the
number of repetitions of what she had just felt.  She began to waddle as quickly
as she could, and I must say the picture she presented was so diverting that I
forgot the cane for a few seconds.  I was completely caught up in the swaying of
her bottom and the wobbling of her breasts.

I caught her a second good cut on the underside of her weaving bottom, drawing
an agonized screech and causing her to waddle even faster.

"Come on, Sarah, faster!  Faster!"  Whack!  Whack!

"Owww!  Owwwww!  Oh, it hurts!!!"

I followed the poor girl as she moved with ever increasing skill, adding stripe
after painful stripe to her weaving hindquarters, until, by the time we had made
one turn about the room, she was moving with surprising speed.  Unfortunately
for her bottom, I had nevertheless managed to imprint it with about thirty good
cuts of the judicial cane.  Sarah was in a high degree of pain and her bottom
was vividly and thoroughly marked.

I felt, however, that things were moving too fast.  That is, SARAH was moving
too fast.  At her current rate of speed I would probably manage to give her at
most another fifty cuts, and I wanted her to have much more than that - for her
own good, of course!

"Stop, Sarah.  I said stop!"

The naked young girl was so caught up in her "race" that it took her a couple of
seconds to register my command.  She now stood, with her legs straightened in
order to rest their muscles, and thus her most secret parts on display.  She
wept bitterly from shame and pain.  I paused to drink in the beautifully
"touched up" bottom and it ceaselessly winced and writhed.

"You're moving very well, Sarah.  I congratulate you on your agility.  However,
I need to ensure that you get the full measure of your punishment..."

"But sir!  My bottom hurts SO much!  I've been very, very punished already! 
Ohhh, I don't think I can take many more of that...that cane."

"Bottom's a bit sore, is it?" I asked, patting the object of discussion
affectionately, evidently causing Sarah some discomfort, judging by her sharp
cry of protest.

I continued, "Hopefully you'll learn to be more observant of school rules, my
dear, and avoid any repeats of this experience.  I'm afraid your bottom has a
lot more to suffer this afternoon."

"Ohhhh...sir!  Please, I can't take anymore!"

"Well, I'm afraid you'll just have to, my dear.  Anyway, I've decided to fix you
up with some pretty jewelry, which I'm sure you'll love." I said as I rummaged
in a drawer.

"Ah hah!  I knew these were in here!"

From my collection of clips and clamps I selected two "butterfly" clamps.  These
clamps were tight enough on their own, but had the amusing property of getting
tighter when pulled on - such as by a weight of some kind.

I sat back in my armchair and motioned for Sarah to come to me.  I had her stand
between my parted legs, facing me, so that her wonderful breasts hung like ripe
fruit in front of my greedy eyes.  I held the clamps hidden in one hand and with
the other I stroked and massaged those wonderful heaps of flesh.  Sarah was
horrified, of course, and she was crying, but her tears were and her thoughts
were most likely mainly focussed on her blazing bottom.

I twiddled her large nipples for a little while, marveling at their size and
firmness.  They became larger and firmer.

"I hope you aren't indulging yourself again, Sarah." And I reached between her
well-parted legs to feel her pussy.  It was slightly damp, but that could have
been caused simply by exertion.  I gave her the benefit of the doubt.

Holding up the clamps to Sarah's gaze, I said, "I'm going to attach these to
your nipples, Sarah.(Her eyes widened.) You may find them a bit uncomfortable,
but must I remind you of the importance of obedience.  I want NO resistance and
NO struggle, or you will be very sorry."

With my right hand I lightly squeezed Sarah's left breast just behind the
nipple, making the delectable morsel poke out even more that it was already, and
then I carefully applied the clamp.  As soon as I let the it bite down it was
obvious that Sarah had very sensitive nipples.  It appeared to be very painful
and she momentarily jerked away from me, as if thinking that she could escape
the clamp that way!

"Owww!  Owww!  Oh!  It hurts!  Oh!  OH!!"

"Be quiet, Sarah!  And come back here where you were, instantly!"

She obeyed on both counts, although she couldn't suppress a continued series of
whispered Ah's as she tried to deal with the pain.

"No!  No!  Please, oh please!" she pleaded as she saw me repeating the operation
on her other nipple.

The second clamp bit down.

"Ahh!  Owww!  Oh, they hurt too much!  Oh!"

I slid my chair back and got up, leaving Sarah to deal with her new interest.  I
went to yet another drawer and retrieved two brass bells about two inches in
diameter at the bell and about the same in height.  They each weighed about two
pounds.  Two pounds was not a terribly heavy weight to hold in one's hand, but I
suspected that Sarah might find them quite sufficient when they were hanging
from her nipples.  The bells were each attached to a red string, which had a
clip at the other end.  I carefully damped the ringers as I picked them up.

I returned to my charge and quickly attached each clip to a respective clamp. 
Sarah's eyes had been closed - since she was still feeling the pinch of the
clamps - and she only opened them after the deed had been done.  I still held
the bells themselves in my hands so Sarah was not yet feeling any particular
change.

Keeping my eyes on her fearful, questioning, and pleading face, I slowly lowered
the bells until the strings were straight and then let go.  The force of the
clamps must have tripled and now her nipples were being stretched as well as
clamped.  The bells tinkled merrily.

Sarah's response was wonderful.

"Ahhhhhhh!   Owwwww!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  I can't STAND it!   OOOOH!" she howled and
her face grew red and distorted with pain.  Apparently her burning bottom was
taking a "back seat" to this newest experience!  In her involuntary writhing
Sarah caused the bells to swing and sway and ring prettily.  She quickly
realized that any motion only increase her woe, and learned that she must try to
bear her agony as statically as possible.

I noted that the nipples were now stretched to about twice their normal length,
which was already impressive.  It was a very agreeable picture that my poor girl
presented.

Again I got up, and as I walked back to the same drawers I had just been at, I
enjoyed listening to Sarah's continued cries and sobs.   I retrieved two more
clamps and two more bells, copies of those that Sarah was now wearing so
charmingly.  Again, careful to quiet the bells, I attached each to its
respective clamp and returned to my preoccupied culprit.

Sarah's eyes were again scrunched shut and she was groaning continuously, so she
didn't notice as I drew up a milking stool behind her and had a seat.  She
jerked a bit when she felt my warm hand caressing her soft thigh, but the bells
on her aching nipples prevented her from making any move to escape or defend
rear person.

I gave myself a few moments to enjoy the vista before me.  Sarah's bottom was
truly undergoing some changes.  No longer pale, it was red and vividly striped
with rough edged weals.  Her plump pussy still appeared red and swollen from her
swatting, and her bottom hole was as cute and pink and wrinkled as ever.

Sarah's cries were gradually diminishing to agonized whimpers as I slid my hand
up her thigh and carefully grasped one of her labia.

"Ohhh....what are you...?" Sarah said in a trembling voice.

For answer, I quickly attached one of the clamps and let it bite down.

"Owwwww!   Ohhhhhh!  No!  Not that!  Not there!  Ow!  Take it off!  Ow!  Please,
take it off!" she blabbered as her tit bells tinkled.

Poor girl!  She had an idea of what was coming but couldn't move to escape
without causing her nipples more agony.

In a couple of seconds I had attached the other clamp and was holding the bells
in my hand.  Her poor pussy was already smarting quite a bit, I was sure.  But
that didn't dissuade me from lowering and releasing the heavy bells between her
well spread thighs.  The weight of the bells stretched the poor thing's labia
rather alarmingly and apparently didn't agree with Sarah at all.

She let loose with a guttural wail, a moan of extreme suffering. "Arrrrrghhh! 
Ohhhhharrrrgghhh!" 

In spite of her attempt to remain still, she trembled from the pain while the
bells, both front and back, swayed slightly and tinkled softly - all but drowned
out by Sarah's moans and wails.  Gradually her protests died down until there
was naught but a sort of pained panting.

I gave one of the bells attached to her pussy a playful prod and was rewarded
both with a merry ringing sound and with a series of desperate yells as the bell
collided with its partner and both swung back and forth, causing the distended
labia to swing with them.  All Sarah could do was to moan and cry and to remain
still and wait for the painful motion to die down.

I rose, picked up the cane, and said, "Well, you certainly look fetching in your
new jewelry, Sarah, but it's time to resume your progress.  You have two more
circuits to perform before your caning will be over."

"Ohhh!  I...I....c-can't m...m-move...pl-please, sir!  Ah!  Ohhh!"

"You had better get back on the track, my dear, unless you want me to flick your
pretty little bells with this cane."

"Please...pl-please...it hurts...I'll...t-try...Ah!  Ohhh!"

And the poor girl started to tentatively move - one little baby step at a time. 
She managed to be very careful, so that, while the bells did sway a little, they
hardly rang at all.  Nevertheless, it was apparent that the slightest move was
painful.

"Come on, girl, we haven't got all day, you know.  That's it, now point yourself
in the right direction.  Good."

Whack!  The cane resumed its work, colliding devastatingly with the already
bruised rear.

Sarah screamed, both from the pain of the sturdy cane stroke and from the
inevitable reaction of her heavy baubles.  She moved ahead a step, mostly from
the force of the blow, but there she stood.

Whack!  Whack!  I dealt two diagonal crackers.  This time she almost hopped, and
the bells bounced merrily.  Her screams and yells were awe-inspiring.

"You'd better get moving, Sarah, because this caning will continue until you've
finished your course."

Whack!  Whack!  This time I visited the upper slopes of her well bent bottom,
and Sarah almost fell forward, managing to balance herself only by almost
running forward for a few steps.  The result for her clamped pussy and nipples
must have been horrific.  The bells tinkled loudly.

Sarah now realized that she HAD to start moving.  She started taking slow
careful "waddles", trying her best to avoid further damage to her most sensitive
spots.  However nothing she could do could prevent the swinging and ringing of
her tormenting bells.  How she yelled and cried!  I paused in my caning just to
enjoy these sights and sounds.

I began to think of the bells as presenting me with a challenge.  For the time
being Sarah was finding them to be even worse than the severe pain being visited
upon her poor bottom by my cane.  I decided that I wanted to change this - I
wanted her to fear the cane worse than she minded the bells.

Thus I began to rain blow after resounding blow upon the bruised and ravaged
bottom.  Now I started to include vicious upper cuts into her soft, downy
thighs.  Sarah started to move faster, trying to avoid the blows, and the bells
swung in wider and more crazy arks. 

Whack!  Whack!  Whack!  Whack!  The poor girl was desperate.  She increased her
waddle speed, until she was moving at about a quarter of her previous top speed
- about the equivalent of a toddler's top speed.  Her breasts bounced and
danced, throwing the bells every which way, colliding with each other and her
belly.  Her pussy bells swung wildly, wrapping around her thighs and yanking her
cunt lips cruelly apart.

Sarah's bottom was a mess, a flaming plum pudding.  After one and a half more
times around the room, with only half more to go, Sarah could take it no longer. 
She turned and backed into the nearest corner, trying anything to protect her
poor bottom.

Alas, this was a mistake.  It was a simple matter for me to quickly change
targets.  Whack!  Whack!  And a bright red line appeared on each tender breast. 
Sarah was so shocked that she didn't even yell, only staring at me, stunned. 
Whack!  Whack!  One more for each breast, these landing just under the stretched
nipples and catching the bell strings.

"AhhhhH!   Hooooo!  Ahhhh!"  Quickly Sarah realized her error and turned again -
back she went on her quest, waddling at full speed, her bottom again receiving
cut after murderous cut.  At last the final circuit was complete.   Sarah didn't
know this of course.  I stopped the cane, but she kept on waddling and tinkling
yelping and screaming.  It was quite amusing, I must say.

"Sarah, my dear, you can stop now."

"Ohhhhhhh!  Ohhhh...." She stopped in her tracks and remained there, weeping and
moaning from her multiple sources of pain.  Since her rump just happened to be
pointing at my easy chair, I flopped down to take a leisurely appraisal.  Since
the poor girl's legs were tired of being bent she was "resting" now with
straight (and spread) legs and a well-bent bottom.  What a maze of stripes and
bruises that bottom had become!  I don't believe I had ever given a girl such a
caning, and Sarah's bottom showed that fact very clearly.  It would be days
before she'd be able to sit with comfort or walk normally.  There were even a
few spots where a little blood was visible, trickling out from an especially
beleaguered area.

I think that the diversion of having her waddling around with her noisy jewelry
had elevated my enthusiasm and perhaps clouded my sense of proportion, worse
luck for her bottom.  Oh, well, one can never punish a young girl too much, I
firmly believe.  She would thank me someday, although I doubted that day would
be very soon.

I proceeded to her to remove her jewelry.  She squeaked with the removal of each
clamp and yelped as I massaged the clamped parts to help the blood flow.  I then
undid one wrist strap, freeing her right arm.  Her hand went immediately behind
her to attempt to rub away some of the intolerable pain her poor bottom was
feeling.  I left the punishment room to return with her clothes, which I
deposited in a heap in front of her while she was trying to undo the other wrist
strap.  I told her to get dressed and come into my office when she was finished.

Back at my desk, I flipped on the television monitor and dialed up one of the
cameras in the punishment room.  The view I picked showed her from the front,
still bent over, still crying and moaning, and fumbling clumsily with the other
wrist strap.  Apparently she had lost a little of her previous dexterity.  As
she work I enjoyed observing her swaying breasts.  Each sported two bright red
lines, one above and one below the nipple.  The nipples themselves were clearly
irritated and swollen.

At last the hand was loose.  Sarah stood upright, clearly with some sense of
relief, and set to work to really massage her aching bottom.  It was charming. 
After she had attended to her bum for a few minutes one hand went to see about
her ill-treated pussy.  It was very tender, and she could barely stand to touch
it.

Dressing was difficult and painful, and much fun to watch, and finally she was
done.

A tear streaked face poked into my office, followed by a limping and
well-punished young girl.  She tearfully refused my offer of a chair. 

"Well, my girl, how are you feeling?"

"N-not very g-good, sir..."

"Well, that's what punishment's all about, Sarah.  Now, let's see, I'm looking
at your list of offenses, plus your demerits for resistance.  It's quite a lot,
but really we've done pretty well today.  You're just about half done with your
punishment, which we'll continue tomorrow at 1:00PM sharp. 

Sarah gasped, and seemed almost about toe faint, "Ohhh, sir!  H-half?  Oh,
please, p-please, I can't...my bottom simply CAN'T take anymore!"

"Don't worry, my dear, your bottom won't be the focus of our activities.  Now, I
have other matters to attend to.  You are dismissed."

Sarah seemed dazed as she limped slowly out of my office.  I felt the wonderful
sense of a job well done and looked forward to Sarah's continued punishment the
next day.

Now I know that there will be some of you out there who are concerned, who are
moved by a very human and very understandable compassion.  "What," you will say,
"of Sam and Ken?  Where is THEIR satisfaction?"

Please fear not.  Sam and Ken operated the cameras that I have strategically
placed in both my office and in the punishment room.  That evening they would be
editing the tapes.  I think they would be enjoying themselves, don't you?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Max Smart


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





