BDSM Library - Hard-Boiled Dick




Hard-Boiled Dick
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tough-talking Private Eye gets a little bondage revenge on the babe who set up his partner on a hot night in the Big City.
       Hard-boiled Dick

       (c)Dr.Mabeuse 3/6/2002

      

       It was late, well after nine o'clock, and the wind had shifted and was
blowing out of the east.. That should have cooled things off a bit, but the
streets were still as hot as the barrel of a Saturday night special on Sunday
morning, and the breeze seemed to do little but blow the heat around, picking up
old newspapers, candywrappers and dust and sending them swirling around the dim
and empty streets.

       The heat had been squatting on the city like some evil demon for over a
week now, robbing people of sleep, fraying nerves, and slowing everything down
to a sluggish crawl. The streets were deserted, everyone was home now, stretched
out under their air-conditioners and fans, or else packed into the movie theater
in seach of some cool.

       Matt had an air conditioner too, but it didn't work. It protruded from
the window behind his desk, the window that said "M. Danger,
Security/Confidential Investigations", and he only kept it around now for
appearances. The heat didn't bother him that much, in fact, he kind of liked it.
It seemed appropriate for the kind of work he did and the kind of people he had
to associate with.

       He sat with his feet up on the desk, his tie loosened, his hat pulled
down over his eyes. All the windows--aside from the one with the dead AC unit--
were open wide, and the Venetian blinds blew fitfully and clattered in the hot,
dry breeze. The elaborate neon sign from the Heavenly Garden Cantonese
Restaurant below his office bathed the room in its pinkish red glow, and the
small cone of light from his shaded desk lamp was the only white spot in a room
that seemed to be lit by fire.

       The desk light was on because he was expecting someone, and he wanted her
to know he was in. He'd unlocked the door to the building's lobby, and made sure
his office door was open too. Now he sat there in the red glow, half dozing. He
was expecting someone, and he knew she'd come.

       When he at last heard the sharp click of her heels on the marble stairs,
he was instantly awake, though he gave no sign. Except for the faint grin that
was hidden in the shadow from his hat. What would happen next would be
interesting, he thought ruefully, very interesting indeed.

       "Matt!" she said excitedly as she stepped into the room! "I got your
message! It sounded urgent! What's happened! Have you got it?"

       "Whoa!" he said, slowly swinging his legs down from the desk and pushing
his hat back. "It's more like a good news, bad news kind of thing, Sweetheart.
Which do you want first?

       He looked at her in the wan red light, enjoying the mere sight of her.
She was always a treat for the eyes. Sophisticated, educated, well- bred, she
was all he'd wanted but could never have, the kind of woman who wouldn't even
look at him on the street.  But inside that elegant frame beat a larcenous
heart, he knew. A larcenous and double-dealing heart. And now he had the goods
on her

       Her expensive skirt hung on her hips like it was custom made, and her
silk blouse showed not a crease or a wrinkle, gave no sign that the streets she
had just come from were as hot as the devil's own pizza oven.. Standing in the
doorway to his inner office with the light from the corridor behind her, he
noticed that she wore no bra, all the luscious curves of her body were visible
right through her clothes. He grinned as he realized that she must know it, too.
She had no doubt chosen to stand in that very spot just to give him a view. Oh,
she was good. She was very good.

       "I don't understand, Matt!" she said. "Please don't tease me! Did you
find it? Did you find the Item?"

       He stood up and stretched, enjoying her impatience. "The Item? Oh yeah."
He said. "I found it."

       "Well, where is it?" she asked anxiously. "Is it here?"

       "It's around here, yeah. It's a little secret, Sugar." he said, opening
the top right drawer of his battered desk. He rummaged around and pulled out a
black silk scarf. "I know you can appreciate a good secret, huh Doll? You
especially. Now turn around. No peeking."

       She looked at him suspiciously. "Matt, please don't play games! I've
waited too long..."

       "Oh, this is no game, Sweetheart. Anything but. But I do have my trade
secrets, you've got to allow me that!"

       "Oh, very well!" she said. She turned around and stood waiting
impatiently.

       He went to her and tied the scarf securely around her head, effectively
blindfolding her. She had expected it, and let him do it. He was aware of the
faint scent of her perfume, subtle, expensive, and erotic.

       "Matt, you're being foolish!" she said. "I'm not a child!"

       He ignored her. "Now hand me your purse so I can put it down." He said.

       Impatiently she handed him her clutch purse, which he took from her with
one hand. With the other, he quickly slapped one of the silver bracelets of his
detective's hand cuffs onto her outstretched hand.

       She gasped, but before she could react he whirled her around, grabbed her
other arm, and finished applying the cuffs, pinioning her arms behind her back.

       "Matt! What the hell are you doing? Matt? Matt!"

       "Relax, kid." He said dryly. "Take a load off." He pushed her shoulder,
guiding her backwards until her legs hit the wooden chair and she sat down
heavily. She slumped in the chair, struggling to extract her hands from the
locked cuffs.

       "Damn it, Matt! What do you think you're doing? Take these things off
me!"

       He picked her purse up from the floor where she'd dopped it, leaned
against his desk, and started going through it.

        "Just calm down, sweetheart, and all will become clear." He said.

       "Well, what have we here?" He extracted a nine-millimeter automatic from
her purse. It was a small and fancy gun, a woman's weapon, but it could make
short work of a man. He also knew that it wasn't the same type of gun as  the
.38 that had been used to kill his partner Niles, not five days ago. But she
didn't know that. Let her sweat a little.

       "Do you always pack heat, sugar.?" He asked, "A nice girl like yourself?"

       With her blindfold on she could not see what he held in front of her. He
face was tilted defiantly up at him. "What are you talking about? My gun? Yes
it's mine, I admit it! You surely don't expect me to walk around unarmed with
all that's going on, do you? I'm not as stupid as that!"

       "No, Ms. Montgomery, I don't think you're stupid." He said. "Far from it.
I think you're quite the clever little girl, quite clever indeed..."

       "I also think you're a murderer. I think you murdered Niles and I think
you came here with the express purpose of killing me! After I'd given you the
toad, that is!"

       Her jaw fell. "Why that's absurd! I never even met this Niles, and why
should I want to kill you? You're working for me; we're on the same side! I've
no reason to kill you!"

       "No?" he said, dropping her gun into a desk drawer. "What if I got
greedy, decided I wanted a little more of the action than what you're paying me?
What you're giving me is chickenfeed compared to the price of that toad!
Chickenfeed!"

       "I'm paying you what you asked." She said softly. "That's sufficient. And
it's a frog, Mr. Danger, a frog. Not a toad. And its value is not your concern."

       "It's my concern when I'm asked to find something worth millions of
dollars, worth a King's ransom, while getting paid one-hundred per plus
expenses! When I'm shot at and followed and roughed up by a bunch of assholes
who wouldn't think twice about slitting my throat! And you make me think we're
looking for something no more important than a set of car keys! And when you
murder my partner as if he were no more than a spider you'd found in your
bathtub! I'd say I had a right to be concerned! Concerned up to my ass!"

       He hadn't meant to shout. Now he calmed himself down. His outburst seemed
to have the desired effect on her though, she was scared. He could see it in the
way her breasts rose and fell with her heavy breathing. He was also surprised to
see the peaks of her nipples tenting the soft fabric slightly, subtle but
unmistakable proof that she was frightened. Frightened or aroused...

       They were alone in the building, the lights out, the streets deserted.
She was young, beautiful, and desirable, and handcuffed, blindfolded, and
sitting helplessly in a chair, waiting for whatever he would do next. Plus, she
owed him. Whichever way you sliced it, whether she'd actually killed Niles or
not, she owed him big time. She'd tried to play him for a fool, a stooge, in a
game that was way out of her league, that she'd had no business playing in in
the first place.

       But she had played. Too bad for her, she'd lost.

       Now he held the all the cards, and she was in no position to bargain, no
position at all. As far as Matt was concerned, there was only one thing she had
that he wanted, and he was looking at it right now, deciding how much he wanted
to take, and how he wanted to take it.

       The tune was over, and the piper was standing with his hand out. Time to
pay.

       He paused to collect himself, and he realized that he was suddenly
aroused himself.

       He went back to his desk drawer and pulled out a mare's nest of ropes and
shackles. He untangled some thick nylon rope and went to her chair, passed it
beneath her arms and pulled, forcing her elbows together and making her breasts
protrude and flatten against the fabric of her silk blouse.

       "Matt, what are you doing? Don't! I beg you! We can work something out!
If you've got the Frog, there's enough there for both of us! Matt! Matt, tell me
what you want? I'll do anything! Anything you want! I can be good to you, Matt!
I can be very, very good to you. Would you like that? I know you would! Matt?
Matt! Say something, damn you!"

       Once he had her arms tied back, he wrapped the rest of the rope around
the chair and tied it off, effectively binding her to the chair. Then he moved
around to the front and selected another piece of rope.

       "You know I might just take you up on that, darling! I think we both know
that you've got it coming! And is that what you offered Niles? Did you use your
body on him as well? I'll bet he was an easier sell than me. Niles always was a
sucker for a nice piece of tail. I'm a little more...discriminating. I like a
little more kink in my love play!"

       "Matt, I swear" she said, almost weeping, "I didn't know! I didn't know
he was your partner! I just wanted his help, but he wanted...he wanted more than
I was willing to give! He wouldn't stop!"

       He ducked down low and threw a loop of rope around her ankle and drew it
tight before she could kick out of it. He pulled it taut, forcing her foot hard
against the wooden leg of the chair. He noticed her impeccably fashionable pump
and it's phenomenally high heel. She was a piece of work, alright.

       When he went for her other ankle, she kicked at him, but he grabbed her
foot and threw a loop of rope around it, too, and pulled it snug against the
other leg of the chair.

       "I don't give a shit about Niles!" he said angrily as he yanked the knot
tight. "Niles was an asshole and a loudmouth! But he was my partner, see. And a
man owes certain things to his partner, like finding out who knocked him off!
And getting a little revenge. It's nothing personal, understand?"

       He stood back to look at her. Her wrists were tied behind her back, and
the rope around her upper arms  pulled her albows together behind her back,
exaggerating the ripe thrust of her breasts. Having her ankles tied to the legs
of the chair forced her knees up and out and pulled her hips forward, forcing
her to slump slightly in the chair. Despite her discomfort, she looked as if she
were already offering herself to him, inviting him to step between her legs. Her
skirt was bunched up high by the unnatural position of her legs, showing the
tops of her stockings and the lacey straps of her black garter belt.

       He felt himself getting hard.

       "One thing about Niles; he was always talking about women." he said to
her. "He was a vulgar kind of guy for my money, a small time hustler, but he
loved his gash. A crude son-of-a-bitch, too. So I happen to know that the broad
he was going to see the day he was murdered was a classy young thing who came
on-as he said-real hot! That sound familiar?"

       "Matt..."

       "She had dark red hair, he said, long, like yours. And she was built
pretty much like you. Yeah, old Niles could never keep his mouth shut,
especially about his women. He said she had the prettiest little pussy. With the
same dark red hair, but trimmed to a little rectangular patch. Now how many
girls do you think are walking around out there who're your size, with hair your
color, and with pubic hair trimmed like that? And who were in enough trouble to
hire a PI? Hmmm? How many?"

       "Stop! Stop! Matt, you've got me all wrong! Matt!"

       Realizing he would not be dissuaded, she changed her strategy. She
suddenly drew a deep breath and screamed at the top of her lungs, "Help! Help!
Anyone!"

       Matt quickly slapped his hand over her mouth to shut her up. He felt her
teeth search for purchase on the palm of his hand and he quickly snatched his
hand away before she could bite him, reached over to his desk and picked up the
first thing that came to hand and stuffed it against her mouth. By sheer luck he
had grabbed a ball gag tangled up in a mess of small rope. He hastily fastened
the gag around the back of her head and removed the entangling ropes, then
pulled the gag tight.

       She was now bound and gagged, blindfolded with her ankles tied to the leg
of the chair. Matt stuck his head out the window to see if there were any
passersby, anyone who might have heard her one cry for help. He saw no one, the
sidewalks under the yellow glare of the streetlights were as empty and forlorn
as ever. Not a soul. Satisfied, he pulled his head back in and drew the blinds.

       He remembered the unlocked office door, so he went and took care of that,
double locking the door and snapping off the lights in the little reception
room. He heard her struggling in the other room, but he knew she wasn't going
anywhere. He stopped at the cooler and drew himself a long drink of painfully
cold water, then spashed some in his face.

       Back in his office he found she had just about stopped struggling. In all
her thrashing and writhing she had only managed to move the heavy wooden chair a
couple of inches across the linoleum floor, but her efforts had left her perfect
ensemble twisted and disheveled. She had now given up her struggles and was
sitting stock still, straining to hear what he was up to. Her breasts still
heaved from the exertion of fighting her bonds, and the top two buttons of her
silk blouse had come undone, allowed a view of the top swell of her breasts, now
covered with a thin sheen of sweat. It was the first time he had ever seen her
perspire.

       He noticed with pleasure that her nipples were now grossly erect and
showing through the silky fabric of her blouse, and he didn't think it was from
the cold. She was scared, but, unless he missed his guess, she was also excited
as hell at being tied up and at his mercy.

       Matt had always had a predelection for a little kink in his sex. That's
probably why he'd never married. It's also why he had such a collection of
paraphanalia in his desk. It wasn't the first time he'd enjoyed a client this
way, although that had only been play-acting compared to this.

       He'd always been able to pick them, and he'd had her pegged from the
start. All her life she'd been pampered and deferred to, protected by her beauty
and her wealth, but it hadn't been enough. She had to get involved with the
small-time hoods and sleazeballs who were chasing the damned Chinese Frog
around, and she was probably in it only for the kicks. What could a couple more
mill mean to her, who already lived like a princess off her daddy's money. It
was the excitement that appealed to her, the excitement and the danger. A broad
like this got off on being around bad boys, and if Matt knew his women, probably
harbored secret fantasies of one day being tied up and used by a man who
wouldn't fall for her bullshit. Whether she knew it or not, she longed to have
someone put her in her place and treat her like the whore she knew she was. And
Matt thought he might just give her what she wanted.

       He went to the lower left drawer of his desk and pulled out a bottle of
scotch and a tumbler, poured himself a healthy drink and shook a Camel from the
pack on his desk, put in his mouth and lit it. He sat on the edge of his desk
and took a good swallow. This was a sweet moment, a girl helpless, blindfolded
and gagged and totally at his mercy, and he let her sit and stew while he
smoked, letting her imagination run wild, not knowing what he might do. He knew
that a woman like Ms. Cassandra Montgomery would get more and more aroused the
longer he let her sit there in the dark. It was a moment to be savored.

       He switched off the desk light, leaving them in the red neon glow from
the sign outside.

       He was now officially closed for business.

       He took another swallow, stubbed out his cigarette, then put the empty
glass on his desk and walked over to her. "Now, let's continue with our
investigation." he said.

       Without warning he squatted down in front of her and shot his hands up
beneath her skirt, his fingers brushing the soft enticing flesh where her
stocking ended. He could feel the heat and humidity of her as he found the waist
band of her filmy bikini panties, grabbed them and ripped them apart, then
pulled them off in shreds and leaving her naked beneath her skirt.

       She winced and gave a muffled shriek of surprise. She tried to wriggle
away, but there was nowhere to go as he flung her skirt up and gazed at her
naked sex. She whimpered and tried to hide herself, managing to bring her knees
closer together, but unable to conceal what he sought. Her pubic hair was indeed
shaped into a fetching little rectangle, no bigger than his Zippo lighter.

       "Just like Niles described it." he said. He looked at her face to gauge
her reaction, but she had her face turned to the side in humiliation or shame,
and with her red lips stretched apart by the gag and her eyes concealed by the
silken cloth, there wasn't much to see.

       He pressed on the insides of her knees to force her legs apart, and felt
her legs tremble as she tried without success to resist him. Nature hadn't made
those muscles strong enough, bless her, he thought. It was the easiest thing in
the world to push her knees open till her legs were stopped by the arms of the
chair, then hold them there as he examined her most intimate secret.

       He'd intended to start with her tempting breasts, the creamy mounds of
flesh now visible where the buttons on her blouse had parted, but the sight
directly before him was too inviting, As he'd expected, her wetness was visible
in the evil red glow of the neon light, and as he watched he could see her
pucker slightly as she tried to withdraw from his gaze.

       It was a sight no man could resist, and, still holding her trembling
thighs apart, he pushed his face against her, into the smoldering V between her
legs. He inhaled deeply of her hot, spicy fragrance, a mixture of soap, perfume
and her feminine arousal, trapped and concentrated under the hot tent of her
skirt. He leaned forward and gently licked the sensitive flesh on the inside of
her thighs, so warm, so maddeningly soft, enjoying the way she gasped when he
touched her and the way her thighs trembled as she tried to protect herself from
the lewd invasion of his tongue. But his salacious licks only increased the flow
of her secretions and the heat he felt emanating from that sweet, expensive
pussy.

        He turned his face to her sex and began to lick the moisture from her,
making a spoon of his tongue which easily dipped within her labia to scoop up
the intoxicating nectar of a woman aroused.

       She gasped as soon as he made contact, and hunched forward as if trying
to protect her breasts, but at the same time her hips pressed forward as if they
had a mind of their own, presenting themselves to his marauding tongue.

       He loved the smell of her, the taste, the softness beneath his lips and
tongue as he ate her, and she was not immune his oral caress. She soon relaxed
her shoulders, gave up trying to resist him. Her thighs fell open, her head
lolled to one side and she moaned in pleasure behind the ball gag. He felt the
tension in her legs subside and, if anything, she tried to slide her hips
forward on the chair, to present her nakedness more openly to him.

       He regained control over himself, and began to tease her, his tongue
barely touching her, his breath hot on her. Reaching around her leg, he used two
fingers to spread her apart and expose the burgeoning bud of her clit, which he
blew on but did not touch, feeling how aroused and sensitive she already was.

       But when he felt her lubricant begin to seep from her and onto his eager
tongue, he withdrew his hand. He clit was now visible without him holding her
open, so he took it between his lips and pressed first one, then two fingers up
into her and began working them in and out as he sucked softly at the center of
her pleasure.

       His cock was now fully erect and throbbing painfully. None of his usual
tricks -- thinking of baseball, calculating how much money she already owed him,
or trying to whip up some remorse about his murdered partner-worked to cool down
his overheated lust, and as he licked at her and pumped his fingers slowly in
and out of her wet and quaking sheath, he reached up with his free hand and
began to massage her warm and heavy breast, her stiff, erect nipple tickling the
palm of his hand.

       Her gasps and moans were a constant music in his ears now, and her
occasional shriek of pleasure, muffled by the ball gag only egged him on. He
removed his mouth from her, and used the thumb of his invading hand to rub the
little hood of flesh that guarded her ultra-sensitive clitoris, his thumb
rubbing against it with every inward and outward stroke. With his hand on her
breast he could feel her ragged breathing, punctuated with gasps and moans and
muffled pleas, and he could feel body her trembling, a trembling that increased
with every stroke. She was able to move her hips just enough to pitch against
him, and her insistent and frantic rhythm told him that he wasn't moving fast
enough for her now, that she was already close.

       He removed his hand and she gave a strangled growl of anger and
frustration, her hips still fucking at the empty air.

       He smiled a wicked smile. "You are a hot little bitch, aren't you?" he
asked in a low voice.

       All she could do was whimper with frustration as he left, her hips still
pumping hungrily in a lewd imitation of sex, her thighs flexing, beads of sweat
on her lovely brow.

       Her discomfort made him chuckle. "Unh-unh, Sweetheart. You're not getting
off that easy. I'm not like Niles. I don't settle for just some wham-bam,
thank-you-ma'am. No, Sugar, my tastes are more sophisticated. I like my babes to
be a little more contrite, a little more apologetic, a little
more...appreciative."

       As he said this his hands were unfastening the straining buttons on her
blouse where the heavy swell of her chest bulged against the confining fabric,
each button letting go with a pop of relief, and soon her breasts were exposed.
He roughly pulled the blouse from her shoulders and down her bound arms as far
as it would go. Sure enough, she wore no bra, and he stood back to admire a fine
example of nature's own perfection. 

       They were eager and proudly erect, almost perfectly globular, without a
hint of sag. They hung on her chest like a pair of ornaments, but heavy and
expectant. He noticed with pleasure that the tight, smooth skin was covered with
goose bumps, despite the searing heat in the room. He also noticed the dark
cleavage that remained, even without a bra. Her nipples were painfully erect,
and seemed to peer proudly into the room, paying no mind to their mistress'
plight..

       She was proud of them as well. Even in this degrading position, trussed
up like a wild animal, her legs splayed wantonly before her still awaiting the
obscene caress of his tongue, her breasts already forced into prominence by the
ropes which cinched her arms together behind her back, he could see that she was
holding herself in a pose that only accentuated them all the more, teasing and
inviting him to lose himself in her proffered flesh. Yes, he thought, she was
certainly a piece of work.

       And looking at her there, her excitement apparent in the rapid lift and
fall of that fabulous chest, he knew that mere sex with her would not be enough.
He was so aroused that nothing short of complete possession of her would do. He
wanted her in a way he had wanted few women before. She was too beautiful, too
sexy, too willing to passively take all he had to give. Even bound and helpless
and at his mercy as she was, she still managed to taunt him, to remain somehow
out of reach. Too refined for old Matt.

       Well, he would see about that.

       Breathing hard, he went to his drawer, and pulled out a small flogger, a
leather cat o'nine tales he'd rarely had occasion to use before. The heft of it,
the smell of the fine leather, the very sensuality of the whip excited him as he
thought of bringing it down on those haughty tits.

       He draped the cat over his shoulder and went over to her, bent over and
suddenly feasted at her breasts, licking the creamy flesh all over, taking the
nipples between his lips, enjoying their turgid roughness on his tongue. His
other hand grasped and kneaded her other breast, his thumb running over the
sensitive aureole, bringing gasps from her gag-spread lips.

       He played with her like this until her moans grew louder and she tried to
bring her thighs together to satisfy the raging need she felt gnawing inside
her. He took her to the edge of satisfaction, and when she seemed on the very
brink, her orgasm dangling just out of reach, he stopped, stood back, and
trailed the cat slowly, languorously across her saliva-moistened breasts, up her
chest, up across her flushed face, giving her ample time to feel what it was,
and to consider what it was going to do to her.

       When she realized it was some sort of lash, she pulled her face back away
from it, and she sunk her head between her shoulders in an attempt to protect
her tender and exposed breasts. Matt grinned. His dick was as hard as a
flatfoot's nightstick, and longed to be released from the tight confines of his
shorts, but the time was not yet right. Not yet. He knew he could get her
hotter, and knew exactly what she wanted. And nothing made him hotter than a
woman reduced to naked, animal lust, begging him in the foulest gutter language
to take her, enter her, satisfy the raging need in her belly, possess her
totally. That's what he wanted from her. Nothing less would do.

       "You feel that, Baby?" he said to her. "You know what's coming, don't
you? But it's not like you don't deserve it, Ms. Montgomery. Not like you don't
want it. In fact you're getting wet just thinking about it, aren't you? Well,
get ready, Sugar! Old Matt's gonna give you just what you need!"

       The first stroke was gentle, almost a tease, as he slowly stoked the
fires of her passion. The cat fell on her round breasts with the slightest hiss,
the strands of leather making a satisfying smack against her hot flesh. Then he
gave her another, and another.

       He knew it wasn't painful yet, just a bit scary. But her pain threshold
would rise as she got more excited, and the next stroke landed harder, leaving
her tender skin red and flushed. She moaned behind the gag, but at the same time
pulled her shoulders back, inviting him, daring him to beat her harder.

       He was happy to oblige, whipping the tops of her trembling tits, then
reaching around and hitting the tender undersides. She screamed in pain or
surprise, he couldn't tell which, but he saw that her thighs were starting to
shake as he punished her gorgeous jugs, and her head fell back helplessly as she
again proffered her tits to him to do with as he would; to whip them, hurt them,
she didn't care which.

       Matt was beside himself with lust. He'd been right on the money about
her. She knew she deserved to be punished for the way she teased and led men on,
but she'd always gotten away with it before. Now this man, this two-bit private
eye, a man she wouldn't even deign to look at on the street, was giving her
exactly what she wanted. And with every stinging kiss of the lash, she felt the
fire in her body rage higher and higher, and felt her very self-control slipping
away from her in the blaze of sexual heat.

       He whipped her breasts now with enough force to make him sweat. With each
stroke she screamed against the ball gag, and spittle was dripping from the
corner of her mouth. He knew he was hurting her now, aiming his strokes so that
a few strands whipped smartly against her turgid nipples, but he also knew that
at this point she was so excited that the pain was melting like molten lava to
feed the fires of her quivering need.

       He stopped, wiped his face, and removed his sweat-soaked shirt. Her
magnificent tits were now covered in welts. The flesh glowing an angry red,
obvious even in the dim light that barely illuminated the room. Her muffled sobs
and his labored breathing were the only sounds to be heard in the sweltering
air.

       Knowing that he'd punished her breasts enough, he knelt down and untied
her ankles from the legs of the chair, then went to the back of the chair and
untied the ropes holding her arms, though he left the handcuffs in place.
Grabbing her with one hand he pulled the sobbing girl up out of the chair,
propelled her across the office and shoved her face down upon the beat-up office
sofa.

       "You stay there, bitch!" he hissed. "We're not done yet!"

       He grabbed her skirt and threw it up over her back, holding her down with
one hand on the small of her back. Immediately he began to whip her naked ass,
working with abandon, knowing her ass wasn't nearly as sensitive as her tits had
been. With every lash her buttocks shook and trembled, and she twisted in a vain
attempt to get away. But with her arms still bound tightly behind her back there
was nothing she could do but scream against the gag and twist her hips in a vain
attempt to escape the lash.

       Her sobs turned into screams, and he beat her till his arm ached, then
stood up panting and covered with sweat. He let her lie there sobbing while he
kicked off his shoes and pulled off his pants, then stripped off his shorts,
groaning with relief as his big cock leaped free, hard and swollen and seeping
moisture from the tip.

       She lay with her legs slightly apart, too weak to close them. her skirt
still up over her back. The cool of the leather helped ease the pain in her
breasts, but she felt like her ass was glowing from the beating she'd just been
given.

       Matt let the cat slap softly against her upturned sex, and she jumped,
instinctively lifting her ass up into the air. Yeah, he had her number, all
right. He saw her pussy lips gleaming wetly in the red light, and a thin line of
juice trailed down from her cunt to the sofa below.

       She was ready. She was more than ready.

       And he was ready now to give it to her. But first he wanted that cruel,
pretty mouth free for kissing. He went to her, reached behind her and unfastened
the buckles that held the gag in place, easing it from her mouth.

       Her sobbing had stopped now, and she worked her jaw around in relief.
"Put it back, you bastard!" she whispered.

       He couldn't believe his ears.

       "Put it back!" she said again. "I like it! I want to be able to scream
when you fuck me! I want to scream my goddamned head off!"

       He snorted. "You got it, lady!"

       He buckled the ball gag back into place and stepped between her spread
thighs and knelt on the sofa. She tilted her hips up to him as he aimed the head
of his piece at her opening and slid into that sweet pussy.

       He was bigger than he'd ever been, and she was snug and wet and hot and
trembling with need. His cock sank into her like a hot knife into butter for the
first several inches but then she seemed to lock up, stuffed. She couldn't take
any more.

       Too fucking bad. He wanted her all and if she was sore afterwards what
the hell did he care. He reached beneath her and grabbed her swollen, burning
tits in his hands and pulled her back onto his pole as she screamed around the
ball gag.

       Tight! She was so fucking tight now, and it felt so incredibly good. He
knew she was filled to capacity and that he was stretching her out, but he
didn't care. Her bound hands tried to claw at his belly as he sunk his weight
into her but they could find no purchase. Her muffled screams only inflamed his
blood and made him cram himself more deeply into her until he felt the sticky
spread of her distended pussy lips as they flattened against his groin. He was
in all the way.

       He gave her a moment to adjust, then began to pump slowly into her,
savoring the feel of his hard cock head as it rubbed against the sensitive
internal walls of her vagina. At first she lay as if she were dead, soft moans
coming from her distorted lips, punctuated by an occasional animal grunt as he
sunk to the bottom, but soon she began a tentative roll of her hips to match his
thrusts. She raised her head and he heard her groaning as she worked herself off
against him, looking for that big masochistic come.

       He realized he still had the cat in his hand and was in a perfect
position to use it, so he rapped it smartly against her reddened and sore ass,
making her shriek and redouble the speed of her fucking. He whipped her again
and now there was no doubt that her shrieks and cries were intended to urge him
on to beat her harder and more cruelly. It egged him on to more perverse
depredations of her suffering flesh, and he stopped whipping her and dropped the
whip. Picking up some juice from the stream that leaked from her stretched
pussy,  he spread it around the pouting bud of her asshole, and once it was
well-oiled, he worked a finger into her little, just to the first knuckle.

       "How's that, bitch?" he asked, panting, "you like that in your ass, don't
you? You want something bigger in there?"

       She looked back over her shoulder at him, her eyes wide with fear as he
crammed another finger into her bottom alongside the first. But as he worked his
fingers around in her he saw her eyes slide up into her head, and a long low
moan came from deep in her throat.

       Yeah, she wanted it! He reluctantly pulled his aching dick out of her,
found the tube of KY that had fallen from the bag, and squeezed a generous wad
between her ass cheeks before working it into her with his fingers as she moaned
and pleaded beneath the gag. He just loved chicks who took it in the ass; they
were such animals!

       He pushed her hips down into the couch and crawled up between her spread
thighs. The head of his cock found the greasy crease of her ass and, with a
little pressure, the head of his cock popped inside, bringing another muffled
scream from her mouth.

       Willing himself to go slow, he sank a bit more of his rock-hard tool into
her rectum, then slowly pulled back, then sunk a bit deeper, taking his time.
She was incredibly tight there, and he'd be willing to bet she hadn't taken a
man back there in a hell of a long time, if ever. As he sank deeper he could
feel the heat from her beaten ass cheeks radiating against his thighs, and he
could feel her own thighs tremble as her asshole tried to accommodate his bulk.

       Finally he was all in, and he basked in the heat and sweet embrace of her
ass as he fought to control himself. He wanted to fuck this ass before he blew
his load into her; he wanted to see how much this cunt could take; judging from
the soft, breathy moans that issued from her mouth as she lay there with his
cock sunk to the hilt in her quivering ass, she could take a hell of a lot more
than this.

       He began to roll his hips slightly, moving his cock inside her, as she
lay there like a dead woman, her face hidden in the sofa, her asscheeks
flattened under his weight. Her grip was so tight and so hot he was afraid to
move too much. As it was he felt he was on the very edge of orgasm. Wild
pleasures seared at his brain and his eyes began to roll back into his head and
his mouth hung open, slack-jawed with ecstasy.

       He shook his head to clear it, and realized that she was beginning to
move beneath him, rolling her hips slightly from side to side. She was starting
to pant from the effort and the sensation of his prick pushing up into her
belly. She raised her head for a moment, than dropped it again to the couch with
a guttural moan, pulled her knees up, canting her hips up to give him better
access to her ass.

       He stared down at the woman whose ass he was fucking. She was starting to
come around now, the alien presence in her rectum now a spear of deep burning
pleasure and degradation that she wanted with all her soul. She loved it, the
pain, the unavoidable sense of violence as he took her, used her, grabbed the
bones of her hips and pulled her red, whipped ass cheeks up tight against his
hard stomach, sinking that greasy dick up into her till she had to scream in
surrender and pleasure. So good! So fucking good!

       "Uh! Uh! Unnhh!" she grunted around the ball gag, her teeth bared as he
slammed into her. "Fuck me! Take me! Hurt me! Fuck my ass you bastard, Fuck it
with your big, hard cock! Prick, Cocksucker!" she wailed, not even caring that
he couldn't understand what she was saying, but knowing he could hear her
screams, the cries of a woman's passion fulfilled.

       He was shoving into her hard now, with a rapid and brutal rhythm, without
regard for her body or her pleasure, conscious only of the hot and heavy load
that had been building ever since she walked into his office. His feverish
animal lust only fueled her own raging need for the release of orgasm, a need
she'd carried for so long now she was almost afraid to let go.

        She loved being used like this, totally owned, enslaved, beaten like the
whore she knew she was, brutally fucked by a man who would take none of her
crap, mastered. Instinctively she tilted her ass up against his battering cock,
to take him more deeply into her. The pummeling and slapping of his body against
her sore and beaten ass merged with the pain of her welt-covered breasts as they
slid back and forth on the cool leather of the couch, and the pain of his
engorged cock sliding in and out of her most secret and sensitive place. It was
all more than she could bear and she begged him for the final outrage of his hot
come jetting into the hollow hunger of her spasming belly.

       She was not expecting it, and her nerves were at such a high state that
when she felt one hand grab her breasts to pull her still harder against his
cock while the other closed on her ultra-sensitive and fully exposed clit, she
could no longer control herself.

       She screamed, louder than before, and her ass punched up to him as spasms
wracked her frame. She felt his huge cock swell even further in the furious
seconds before it spit its burning load into her and she felt herself go, fall,
writhing and twisting beneath him as she sobbed out her violent ecstasy.

       He fell on top of her, holding onto her hot, quaking jugs and pressing
her tight as she quivered and bucked beneath him, his cock still held tightly
deep in the cavern of her ass. Spasms of release tore through her as she came,
and the clenching of her behind was too much for him. With a deep, anguished
moan he felt the come rip from his cock and into her clutching rectum, again and
again, as with each shiver of ecstasy she milked another powerful jet of sperm
from him, until his gism seemed to just pour from him in a stream, filling her
to overflowing.

       When it finally ended, he found that his legs would not support him. He
lay atop her quivering body as she wept and sobbed out the last bits of her
release, her hands clutching at his hard belly as if to pull him still farther
into her abused ass.

       His cock, now deflating and shrunken, slipped out of her trailing a
stream of come which fell on the back of her thighs and stockings as he lifted
himself off her and staggered the few feet to the chair, where he flopped down
exhausted.

       As his breathing began to return to normal, he reached for the pack of
cigarettes on his desk, took one out, and lit it with a shaky hand, watching her
as slowly her sobs and whimpers gradually faded away. He went to her, cigarette
in mouth, and unbuckled the gag. It came out of her mouth dripping with her
saliva, and she sucked in great breaths of air through her mouth. He couldn't
help but notice her stretched and open anus, ringed with the froth of his
discharge, the juice running over her glistening cunt.

       "Had enough?" he asked.

       He took the cigarette from his mouth and offered it to her. She opened
her lips and took it, and sucked the smoke deep within her lungs. Even with her
makeup streaked by tears, her lipstick smeared by the gag, she was still a
stunner.

       She exhaled through her nose and looked at him through the cloud of
smoke, her hair falling over her face in an unkempt tangle. "You tell me." she
said. "You hold all the cards, you filthy bastard!"

       Matt laughed. He stood up and wiped the sweat from his face. He took the
cigarette from her lips and threw it into the ashtray. "Yeah, I do, don't I
Gorgeous?"

       Putting one hand under her chin he tilted her face up, while with the
other he guided his come-smeared dick to her lips. He saw the gleam in her eyes
just before she closed them and opened her mouth to suck him hungrily inside,
her hands still cuffed behind her back.

       Putting a knee on the couch for leverage as he began to pump slowly into
her mouth he said, "Yeah, you are good, baby. You are very good!"

      

(c)dr_mabeuse 3/14/2002




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dr_mabeuse


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





