BDSM Library - Dana's Revenge




Dana's Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dana is a jilted girlfriend who teaches her ex-boyfriend that it doesn't pay to make her mad by letting him see what life as a girl in a chastity belt is like.
Dana's Revenge by Tweak

"Dana, I'm sorry. But I don't think that we should be together 
anymore." 
 
"What, do you mean John? Are you breaking up with me?" 
 
"Dana, I just think it would be best for both of us if we spent time 
apart and saw other people. At least for a while." 
 
"What the hell does that mean? What do you mean spend time apart and 
see other people?" 
 
"Calm down, Dana." 
 
"What the hell. You are breaking up with me and you can't even come out 
and tell me why?" 
 
"Dana, I just thought it would be better for each of us if we spent 
time apart and sorted out our feelings." 
 
"John, we have been together for almost two years, and I love you! And 
now all at once you tell me that we are through!" 
 
"Dana, I have been thinking about this for a while now." 
 
"How long! Have you been stringing me along all this time. John, you 
know that I am approaching 30 and that I have been dating you thinking 
that we were going to one day marry." 
 
"Dana, I don't think that I am ready for marriage. And I don't even 
know if we should be together any longer. I don't think that I am the 
right guy for you." 
 
"John, then why didn't you tell me that a long time ago. Did I waste 
two years of my life with a man that had no intentions of ever marrying 
me?" 
 
"Dana, I don't know what I think. I just feel as though we need to 
separate, at least for a while." 
 
"John, at least have the balls to be a man about it and just break up 
with me. Don't tell me it's for my own good and that we might get back 
together later." Dana began crying and ran into the bathroom crying. 
 
I tried to talk her into coming out but she said nothing. I finally 
said, "Dana, are you alright. Please come out and talk to me." 
 
The door slowly opened and Dana came out and gave me a hug. "John. I 
have to go home. I'll call you later." With that Dana left. 
 
The next morning, Saturday, Dana called me and asked if she could come 
over and talk with me tonight. I said sure. 
 
Dana came over about 7 that evening and when I answered the door I 
noticed that she was dressed to kill. She had on a leather jacket, a 
see-through white blouse with a black bra underneath, a leather mini-
skirt with fishnet stockings and high-heels! 
 
"Dana, why are you so dressed up," I uttered as I stared at her body. 
 
"John, I am sorry for the way I acted yesterday. I agree that we need 
time apart. I just didn't want to leave our relationship on a bad note. 
Let's have one last night of fun together so that we can have good 
memories." 
 
"Dana, that sounds great to me. I would love to have our last night 
together be special." 
 
"John, I promise this will be the most special night of your life. Go 
into the bedroom and get ready. I'll be in a minute." 
 
I quickly went into the bedroom and stripped off all my clothing. Dana 
entered with two glasses in her hand filled with wine. "Here John, 
let's toast to our last night together." We clinked glasses and both 
took a sip. 
 
"Enjoy your wine as I get undressed." 
 
I slowly sipped the wine as Dana put on a striptease beyond my wildest 
dreams. I was beginning to get a little lightheaded and wondered why I 
felt this way but I was too distracted by Dana to really care. 
 
"John, are you getting tired. You look sleepy." 
 
"I do feel extremely tired. I can hardly keep my e..y..e.s o..p..e...n" 
 
"That's because I drugged your drink you fucking bastard. I am going to 
make you pay for what you did to me. I hope you really enjoyed 
stringing me along for these past two years for now you are going to 
pay dearly." 
 
"Da..na....you...b..i..t....c.....h," I said as I passed out.

I don't know how long I slept and it took a while for me to remember 
what happened to me last night. I had a tremendous headache and really 
had to pee so I hurried to the bathroom to use the toilet and get some 
aspirin. As I lifted the lid to the toilet I looked down and saw steel 
around my cock and balls. I began to panic. I tried to remove it but it 
would not come loose. I got out a little mirror and held it underneath 
my balls to see what it was.
 
It completely enclosed my balls and dick, but there was a little 
opening in the end near the tip of my penis. I ran back to my bedroom 
to pick up the phone to call Dana and there I saw a note which said: 
 
"John, are should I say Bastard, I am sure by now you have noticed the 
'gift' I have left you to always remember me by. Before I put it on I 
asked you if you minded me doing it, but you said nothing so I took 
your silence to mean consent. It is the best chastity belt on the 
market I am told. I paid nearly $1000 for it. They tell me that it is 
made out of titanium and that it is escape proof. It took me hours 
riding around the city to find it this afternoon. They say the only way 
to get it off without the key is to cut your balls off with it. But I 
don't think that you'll do that, will you? And of course I am the only 
one with the keys. So I'll decide when and if it will ever come off. 

Before you act hastily and do anything you will regret I would think if 
I were you. You could even call the police if you like but that would 
be embarrassing and I would deny everything. And wouldn't that make a 
great trial? You could call me and scream and bitch but I wouldn't 
advise that. As you can tell I am not in the best of moods. If you want 
to speak with me in a calm and rational manner I will meet you for 
lunch this afternoon at our favorite restaurant at noon. By the way you 
can still pee in your new chastity belt if you like, but I would 
suggest sitting down as you do so. See ya later" 
 
I was in shock. I didn't know what to do. As I sat on the toilet 
pissing through the little hole at the end of the belt I ran through a 
hundred scenarios in my head. When I finished in the bathroom I went to 
the basement and tried several tools to get this thing off but nothing 
worked. It was now nearly 11 and I had to hurry up and get ready to 
meet Dana to see if I could talk any sense into her.

When I arrived it was already five minutes after 12 and I saw Dana 
sitting in the back of the restaurant in a booth. As I approached the 
table and began to sit down Dana began talking in a soft voice. 
 
"John, you are five minutes late. You have been stringing me along for 
two years and you know how I reacted to that, and now you have the 
balls, or should I say, the titanium balls, to leave me waiting another 
five minutes. John, that was a really stupid thing to do. And for this 
you must be additionally punished. You have just added another five 
weeks to your sentence." 
 
Dana said this in a very controlled and soft voice. She wasn't mad or 
upset. She didn't raise her voice or stress certain words. She spoke in 
a very matter of fact way. 
 
"What do you mean an extra five weeks!" I shouted, "what is this shit 
all about! Why have you done this to me and you better take it off or 
else!" 
 
"John, please lower your voice, do you want everyone to know that you 
are a caged animal?" Dana said in that matter of fact gentle tone. 
"What are you going to do if I don't comply to your demands? Are you 
going to go the police? I think not. Are you going to hurt me? I think 
not. If anything happens to me you will never get out and besides you 
will most likely go to jail where you will be someone's 'caged bitch'. 
And I don't like the attitude and tone you are taking with me. For 
raising your voice I am going to add another five weeks and for 
threatening me I am going to add another eight weeks." 
 
"What do you mean add another five or eight weeks anyway?" 
 
"Since you asked in a nice tone I will answer you. The way I see it 
John you have strung me along for two years with no intention of ever 
marrying me although you knew that is what I wanted. I have in essence 
wasted two years of my life. Well now its your turn. You are going to 
waste two years of your life. Or should I say two years and 18 weeks 
now. During that time you will be wearing this chastity device and will 
be denied access to your penis and thus all sexual pleasure." 
 
"Dana you can't do that! It isn't right or fair!" I said in a harsh 
tone. 
 
"John, obviously I can do it for it is already done. And who are you to 
say what is right or fair. And for raising your voice at me again you 
have just earned another 5 weeks in your belt." 
 
"Come on Dana, I'm sorry for what I did. Will you please forgive me and 
let me go. I promise that I will make this up to you." 
 
"John, at least you are learning, your voice has calmed down very
considerably. I am not sure if you are sorry yet or not, but you will 
be. And as for making this up to me, believe me, you will have paid me 
back in full when the two years and 23 weeks are up. John I see the 
waitress is bringing my food over. You see I ordered before you got 
here and since you weren't on time you won't be able to eat." 
 
The waitress, her name was Jill, brought Dana her food and asked if I 
would like to order. Before I had a chance to reply Dana began to speak 
in her gentle voice. 
 
"Jill, He won't be eating today. He was late for lunch and I told him 
that his punishment is that he will skip lunch today." 
 
"Dana, what are you doing!" I shouted. 
 
"Jill, and besides not eating lunch today he has just added another 
five weeks to his chastity sentence. You see I am going to make sure he 
doesn't come for a long, long time. Thank you." 
 
As Jill left I saw her smirking to herself. 
 
"John, you see I am serious. I will speak my mind to whomever I wish. 
So please don't think that just because we are in public that you can 
act in a rude way. Now please go home before I decide to add more time 
to your sentence. I will call you later and you better be there. You 
are dismissed."

I returned home in disbelief. I couldn't believe what had happened to 
me. When I first saw the device on my dick this morning I thought I was 
still dreaming but now I know that it isn't a dream, but a nightmare. I 
have known Dana for two years now, and I known that, if nothing else, 
she is a woman who carries through with what she says. I continued to 
try to free myself but that was to no avail. At about 2:00 p.m. the 
phone rang and it was Dana. 
 
"John, I am glad to hear that you are there. It would not have been 
good for you if you had stood me up again. For the rest of this 
conversation I only want you to respond with 'yes' or 'no'. For each 
letter beyond this I will add a week to your sentence, is that clear?" 
 
"Yes," I was forced to say even though I wanted to say a hell of a lot 
more. 
 
"John, I am going to come over in a little bit but before I do I want 
you to get ready. When I was at your house last night I placed a number 
of items in your bathroom closet on the bottom shelf under a towel. Go 
and get those and bring them back to your bedroom and lay them on the 
bed. When you return say 'yes'. Is that understood?" 
 
"Yes!" My curiosity was definitely peeked. I went and retrieved the 
objects and brought them to my bed and once again spoke, "yes," into 
the phone. 
 
"John, you are now looking at the attire I want you to be wearing when 
I come to your house. I will give you instructions as we go along and 
if you fail to follow them to the letter you will be severely punished. 
Is that understood?" 
 
"Yes," I said, but I was in horror as I glanced at the objects on my 
bed. 
 
"First I want you to take off all of your clothes. Have you done that?" 
 
"Yes." 
 
"Now I want you to put on the red panties and the white pantyhose. Have 
you done that?" 
 
"Yes." 
 
"Now I want you to put on the high heels and the bra. Have you done 
that?" 
 
"Yes." 
 
"Now I want you to take the butt plug, lubricate it with the ky jelly, 
and shove it up your ass. Have you done that?" 
 
"No," I couldn't bring myself to do that. 
 
"John, you have one more chance. If you don't do it then you will add 
another 8 weeks to your sentence. Have you done that?" 
 
I had not choice but to comply. I greased the plug and inserted it in 
my ass, "Yes." 
 
"Now lay on the bed and put on the ankle cuffs and spread eagle your 
legs to the foot posts of your bed and secure the cuffs. Have you done 
that?" 
 
"Yes." 
 
"Now secure both handcuffs to the posts at the top of your bed. Put in 
the penis gag, secure it and then secure your left hand. When you are 
done, since you won't be able to speak tap the phone twice for yes. 
Have you done that?" 
 
"Tap, Tap." 
 
"Now hang up the phone and secure your other hand. Remember if you 
don't do this immediately you will pay the price. I will see you soon." 
 
"Click." As I snapped on the second handcuff I knew I was at Dana's 
complete mercy and this scared me.  


I laid there for only a few seconds before I heard the front door open 
and close. A moment later Dana was standing at my bedroom door wearing 
jeans and a white shirt. I don't know why but at the sight of Dana I 
tugged at my bonds, but I was very secure, and vulnerable. Dana walked 
over to me and checked my restraints making sure that they were all 
properly locked and secure. 
 
"My, my, what have we here? You look cute. While I have your attention 
let me tell you what is going to happen today and in the future. Since 
you no longer have access to your manhood it seems silly for you to 
behave as though you are a man, or at least a real man. Your penis will 
no longer be any good to you so it may be best for you to start acting 
as though you don't have one. So I am going to transform you into my 
little slut.  
 
Your new name is 'Joannie'. You already have on the clothes but there 
is so much more for you to do. After I leave today I expect you to do 
everything I have on this list. You will shave all the hear off your 
body from the neck down. You will be expected to keep this hair 
completely off while you are caged. If you want to get your body hair 
removed by waxing or electrolysis that is up to you. When you are home 
I expect you be dressed in the appropriate female attire.

During the day that means a dress or skirt with panties, pantyhose and 
a bra underneath. At night when you sleep you will wear a teddy. You 
will also have your toe nails painted at all times and your fingernails 
painted when you are home. When you are at home you will also be 
expected to wear make-up. When at home you will wear low heels, and at 
times high heels. If you understand all this and agree then grunt twice 
into your penis gag." 
 
I couldn't believe my ears. What was happening to me. I didn't want to 
do any of this. 
 
"Joannie, I am waiting for your response. If you don't respond now you 
will be punished." 
 
"Mmmph, Mmmph." 
 
"Good, at least we understand each other. You will also be expected to 
be here when I say so. To make sure you are complying with all the ules 
I want you to purchase a video camera for your computer so I can see 
you dressed up. You will be home each night by 6:00 p.m. and you will 
be in bed at 10:00 p.m. You will get up each morning at 5:30 a.m. Is 
all this clear?" 
 
"Mmmph, Mmmph." 
 
"Good. There will be more rules to follow but for now these will 
suffice. In the future I am sure that I will have total control over 
you just with my mind, but for now I am going to emphasize my control 
over you with a riding crop. Joannie, I am going to undo your ankles 
and re-secure them above your head. If you resist at all you will be 
extremely punished. Is that clear?" 
 
"Mmmph, Mmmph." I had no choice. 
 
Dana quickly rearranged my legs which left my ass a prime target for 
her whip. She wasted no time with the first blow - Crack! 
 
"Mmmmmmmphhhh" "Crack!" "Mmmmmmmmmmph"  
 
These were no love taps and I was helpless to stop her. She continued 
to whip me until I lost count of the blows. 
 
"Joannie, we are done for today. That was 30 whips. But that was only a 
sample of what will happen if you do not obey me." Again, she said this 
in a calm and matter of fact way which was more terrifying than if she 
had yelled and screamed. 
 
"Joannie, I am going let you go in a minute and when I do I want you to 
get dressed but leave on the panties and pantyhose. We are going to go 
the store. I'll be waiting outside. You have five minutes starting 
now."

As Dana left the room after releasing my bonds I quickly jumped up and 
rubbed my sore ass. I also removed the butt plug which was killing me. 
I knew that the clock was running and I didn't have much time. I 
hurriedly pulled on a pair of jeans and socks to cover up the pantyhose 
I was wearing. I took off the bra put on a shirt and headed out the 
door with little time to spare. Dana was waiting for me in the car.  
 
"Very good, Joannie, you had 35 seconds to spare. I hope you brought 
your wallet and credit cards for we have a few items we need to buy. 
Our first stop will be this cute little lingerie store I know. It will 
be fun shopping, just us girls, won't it?" 
 
I couldn't believe that Dana was going to make me go shopping with her 
even though she knew I hated it, and much less making me go to a 
lingerie store with her. When we got to the store it was in a little 
strip mall and we were the only customers inside. A young lady about 23 
years old approached us. 
 
"Miss, my name is Jenny, is there anything I can help you with." 
 
"Yes Jenny, there is, but you see I am not the one who needs the help, 
it is my friend here, Joannie, who needs help. You see, she is buying 
lingerie for the first time and she doesn't know what to get. Can you 
help her?" 
 
"What are you doing Dana!" I couldn't help but shouting. "You can't do 
this to me!" 
 
"Joannie, I thought you had better manners. You have just earned 
yourself another 5 weeks in the cage as well as 50 whips of the riding 
crop when we get home. Or if you prefer instead, you can go over there 
in the corner face the wall, pull down your jeans around your ankle and 
stay there while Jenny and I talk. What will it be?" 
 
I didn't what the extra time nor the whipping so I sheepishly bowed my 
head and went to the corner and did as I was told. 
 
"I'm sorry Jenny for Joannie's behavior. I think she is just a little 
embarrassed. You see Joannie has been very, very bad and I am 
punishing her. She used to be a man, but for the next two years and 28 
weeks she is going to wear a cage around her private parts and be 
denied any sexual release. She will also follow a very strict regimen 
that I will lay down for her. I hope you aren't uncomfortable with me 
bringing Joannie here today." 
 
"I don't mind at all. I will be more than happy to help you and Joannie 
with anything you need." 
 
As I stood in the corner wearing panties and pantyhose with my pants 
around my ankles I am sure I was as red as the panties I was wearing. 
 
"Joannie you may come over here but take off your shoes, jeans and 
shirt before you do. I want Jenny here to see what you are already 
wearing." 
 
I meekly removed my clothes and stood in front of Dana and Jenny 
wearing my panties and pantyhose.  
 
"Joannie, don't be shy. Tell Jenny, if you know what is good for you, 
what you need." 
 
"Jenny, I .." 
 
"Joannie, I don't think you are showing Jenny the respect she deserves. 
Please address her as 'Mam'." 
 
"Mam, I need a whole assortment of lingerie for the only ones I now own 
are the ones I am wearing." 
 
"Joannie, don't worry I am sure that we can take care of all your 
needs." 
 
For the next 45 minutes Jenny had me trying on an array of different 
items from frilly pink panties to black garter belts. Thank God no one 
else entered the store. The whole time Dana and Jenny were just smiling 
at each other. The bill came to $475. After paying Jenny and being told 
to give her $100 tip I was allowed to get dressed. Dana had me put on 
pink panties and nude pantyhose. I then put on my socks, shoes, jeans 
and shirt. After all this was done Dana made me carry the 3 pink floral 
bags filled with my new lingerie back to the car. 
 
"Thanks, Jenny for all your help. I am sure we will be seeing you 
again. Tell her thanks Joannie." 
 
"Thank you Mam for all your help" I said in a low voice. 
 
"No problem, Joannie. You are welcome here anytime. I hope you enjoy 
all your new clothes. I think they make you look sexy."

We walked through the parking lot and a few people stared at me as I 
carried the bags to Dana's car. 
 
"Joannie our next stop is the tanning salon. I want you to get a good 
tan. Most women like being tan, they think it makes them look sexier." 
 
We pulled up to tanning salon and Dana told me to wait inside and that 
she would be there in a minute. I waited for Dana at the counter where 
there was a young woman named Stephanie. A moment later Dana walked in. 
 
"May I help you," Stephanie asked. 
 
"Yes, you may," Dana replied. "My friend, Joannie and I would like to 
buy a package for tanning. We will need a month's package." 
 
I could see in Stephanie's face that she was confused. She thought she 
had heard my name wrong. "Excuse me Miss, who are the two people who 
will be tanning?" 
 
"Myself and Joannie here. I hope this won't make you feel uncomfortable 
but Joannie here has been very, very bad and for the next 2 years and 
28 
weeks I am going to let him see life from a female's perspective." 
 
"That won't be a problem at all, Miss," Stephanie said with a hint of 
laughter in her voice. "Two people with a month's package of unlimited 
tans will be $80." 
 
"That's great," Dana said "Well take it. Can we start today?" 
 
"Sure no problem. We'll put you in room 7 and Joannie in room 9. Will 
you need help with the beds?" 
 
"I won't but this is Joannie's first time. Can you show her how to use 
them. And can I have a little heart to place on my stomach?" 
 
"I'll be happy to help Joannie. Will she need a heart as well?" 
 
"No thank you. I have a special surprise for her." 
 
I followed Stephanie and Dana back to room 9. I was told to undress and 
I had no choice but to comply. I knew that hesitating would only 
prolong the inevitable and make things harder in the long run. 
Stephanie didn't say anything as she watched me remove my clothes but I 
could tell she was laughing loudly on the inside. Stephanie explained 
to me how to work the bed. As I was about to lay down Dana stopped me. 
 
"Joannie, you can's start yet. I have an outfit I want you to wear."  
 
She removed from her purse a couple of items we had just purchased from 
Jenny. She produced a black thong and a little bikini top. 
 
"Put these on. This way when you tan you will have tan lines, just like 
a woman, which will look so cute on you." 
 
I did as I was told although I knew I would not be able to go shirtless 
for quite a while. I laid down in the bed and was about to close the 
lid when Dana stopped me again. 
 
"Joannie, there is one more thing you need to do. Put these two little 
stickers on. One above your belly button and the other below. When you 
tan your whole stomach will be dark brown but where these stickers are 
it will be white. So people will be able to read them." 
 
The two stickers said 'slut' and 'Joannie'. 
 
They left the room laughing as I felt the heat from the lamps beginning 
to make my skin perspire. I knew that Dana was going to change me in 
ways I couldn't yet imagine. I finished before Dana and was forced to 
sit in the waiting area with Stephanie behind the counter. She didn't 
speak with me but I could tell she kept glancing over at me. When Dana 
finished she instructed me to thank Stephanie for all her help. 
 
"Thank you Mam for helping me." 
 
"We'll see you in a couple of days, Stephanie," Dana said. 

We walked back to the car and went to our next stop the computer store. 
Dana informed me that she wanted me to pick up several video cameras 
which could be connected to my computer so she could monitor a live 
feed of my house to make sure I was doing as I was told.  
 
"Joannie, I have a couple of errands I need to run. Do you want me to 
drop you off at the computer store and pick you up in an hour or do you 
want me to go in with you?" 
 
"I can do it by myself," I quickly replied. I didn't want to be 
embarrassed any further. 
 
"Okay, Joannie. I will be back in exactly one hour to pick you up. 
Don't be late." 
 
I went into the store and explained what I needed to do without telling 
why I needed to do it. I think the guy thought I was a safety freak 
wanting cameras monitoring my house. This was not cheap. The cameras 
and the hardware I needed cost $1700. I finished with only a few 
minutes to spare. I met Dana in front of the store and loaded all the 
equipment into her car. 
 
"Joannie, did you get everything you needed?" 
 
"Yes, I did." 
 
"Very well. I am going to drop you off and let you get to work. You 
have a lot to do. It's already pretty late and your bedtime is 10:00 
p.m. so you'll have to work quickly. I expect you to install these 
cameras and get your body ready. By 10:00 p.m. the cameras have to be 
up and running and all the hair on your body from the neck down needs 
to be removed. You also have to have your finger and toe nails painted. 
Here are some items I bought for you while you were at the computer 
store. There are razors and Nair in this bag and also some red nail 
polish. Any questions?" 
 
"No," I said. But I was worried about finishing all this in time. Dana 
dropped me off at my house and I carried all the supplies in the house. 
I worked at a feverish pace installing the cameras which took nearly 
three hours. It took another two hours to remove my hair, and that was 
not a pleasant experience. I was amazed at how much Nair stung. It also 
took a while to paint my toes and fingers. I finished all this around 
9:30 and only had to get my teddy on before 10:00 p.m. At 9:58 the 
phone rang. 
 
"Hello," I said. I knew that it had to be Dana checking up on me. I was 
right. She had me explain to her how to access the images of my house 
from her computer. We were also able to talk over the computer so I 
hung up the phone. 
 
"Joannie, let me see your fingers and toes." 
 
I held them up to the camera for inspection. 
 
"Good. Now let me see that the hair is off your body. Good. Don't worry 
about the hair around your penis I took care of that while you were 
knocked out. That won't grow back for a long time, if ever. It's time 
for bed. Leave your lamp on so I can see you while you are sleeping. 
You may get up to use the bathroom but that is it. Be sure to set your 
alarm clock for 5:30. I will talk with you tomorrow. Sleep tight and 
don't let the bed bugs bite!" 
 
I went to bed and laid there, hairless, frustrated and humiliated. Here 
I was a 32 year old, 6'1" 200 pound man being made to act like a girl 
all because a 5'4" 115 lb woman has caged me like an animal. I was in 
trouble and I knew it. 
 
I didn't have a very restful night. I don't know if it was from wearing 
the teddy, having no hair, being afraid of over sleeping or a 
combination of all three. At least today was Friday and I would only 
have to go to work for one day before the weekend arrived. Maybe then I 
would be able to figure something out. I got out of bed at 5:28 a.m. 
and the phone rang shortly after that. 
 
"Good morning, Joannie. I hope you slept well. You sure looked pretty 
laying there in your teddy. You have lots to do before you leave for 
work at 8:15. I want you to clean your house. Go and put on your French 
Maid's outfit so you can begin." 
 
I went to my closet and pulled out the French Maid's outfit that we had 
purchased yesterday from Jenny. Included in this outwit were black 
stockings with a seam up the back of the leg. It was no easy task 
getting these to line up correctly. I was also told to wear high-heels 
whenever I had this outfit on. When I finished getting dressed I 
received further instructions from Dana. 
 
"Joannie, I want you to start by doing laundry. Strip your sheets and 
pillow cases and gather all your towels together and throw them in the 
washer. While that is being washed you can clean your bathroom. Make 
sure to get the toilet especially clean, although I think in the future 
it may not get as dirty since you will be sitting down to go to the 
bathroom." 
 
I began my chores but found that it was very difficult to maneuver very 
quickly in high heels. And strangely enough every time I bent down and 
leaned over I felt so exposed, and I am sure that Dana could see my 
panties very clearly. I scrubbed the bathroom thoroughly and put the 
clothes in the dryer before I began my vacuuming and dusting. These 
chores took me to nearly 7:30. Dana allowed me to eat breakfast and 
remove the polish from my finger nails before getting dressed for work. 
 
"Joannie you may remove your French Maid's outfit but leave on the 
garter, panties and stockings. You can put your pants on over these and 
hope that you do not have any visible lines underneath. Make sure that 
you are home by 6:00 and changed back into your proper attire. Have fun 
at work Joannie. I will see you later." 
 
As I was walking out of the door I hoped and prayed that no one would 
discover my secret. And God forbid that I would get in an accident and 
have to go to the hospital. All the way to work I felt as though the 
whole world new my secret and were staring at me.

I arrived at work at 8:55 a.m. and was apprehensive as I walked through 
the office. The morning went by slowly and the whole time I kept 
expecting someone to say, "Why are you in women's underwear?"  
 
Since being caged by Dana I had not been the least bit horny but when I 
noticed Laurie walking through the office I began to feel myself 
getting excited. She was one of the most beautiful women I have ever 
seen. Laurie walked toward me and we began talking. 
 
"John, how are you doing?" It was strange to be called John instead of 
Joannie. 
 
"I'm doing great." Which of course was a lie. 
 
"I was wondering if you would like to go out with me after work tonight 
and get a drink. Maybe afterwards we could catch a late movie." 
 
I couldn't believe my ears. I had been dreaming of this moment for a 
long time. Laurie was probably the main reason that I decided to stop 
dating Dana. 
 
"I would love to do that," I said without thinking.  
 
As soon as the words left my mouth my dick began to ache and I was 
brought back to reality. This was the first erection I had since being 
caged and it wasn't pleasant. I also remembered that I had to be home 
by 6:00 or else Dana would punish me severely. 
 
"What's wrong John," Laurie asked. 
 
"Oh, I'm sorry. It's just that I remembered that I have to do something 
tonight. I had planned it so long ago that I almost forgot about it. I 
hope you aren't upset." 
 
"No problem. This was short notice. How about next weekend?" 
 
"That would be great," I said although I had no idea how I was going to 
pull that off. 
 
As I watched Laurie walk away my dick throbbed as it longed to be set 
free. The more I fantasized about her the worst it got so I had to try 
to distract myself anyway I could. The rest of the day went by 
agonizingly slow and at 5:00 I was ready to walk out the door when my 
boss stopped me and asked if he could see me for a moment. I thought my 
secret was about to be exposed but he just wanted to talk about an 
upcoming project. 
 
I didn't leave work until 5:15 and the Friday evening rush hour was 
brutal. I was a nervous wreck all the way home honking my horn as I 
weaved through the traffic. I arrived in my driveway at 6:03 and I was 
hoping that Dana wouldn't notice this slight infraction. But as soon as 
I entered the front door the phone rang. 
 
"Joannie, you are late." 
 
"I'm very sorry, but my boss kept me late and traffic was a mess." 
 
"Joannie, that's really not my concern. Rules are rules you know. You 
do want to be a 'rules girl' don't you? You will have to be punished." 
 
"Please don't add any more time to my sentence. I am already beginning 
to go crazy. I need to be let out." 
 
"Joannie, what am I going to do with you. You have a long, long, long 
wait before you are let out, and I don't think you have a clue yet what 
'crazy' is. So you would rather have a different punishment than weeks 
being added?" 
 
"Yes" 
 
"Very well. For being late you are grounded this whole weekend and you 
will not have any television privileges. Furthermore, you will go to 
bed early without dinner. Now go get ready for bed before I change my 
mind. And be sure to do your nails." 
 
"Thank you, Dana. I will try to do better in the future." 
 
"I am sure you will, Joannie. Now hurry up and get ready for bed."

As I laid there I couldn't quite believe that all this was real. Here I 
was dressed in my nightie in bed at 6:00 p.m. on a Friday night when I 
could have been having the time of my life with Laurie. I began to talk 
out loud saying, "Who the hell does she think she is? Dana has no right 
to do this to me! I will find away to pay that Bitch back! Wait until I 
get my revenge! She won't.." At that moment the phone rang. I didn't 
want to answer it for I didn't want anyone to know that I was home. The 
answering machine then picked up the phone. 
 
"Joannie, Joannie. This is Dana. You better pick up the phone. Don't 
keep me waiting." 
 
"Hello," I said in a sheepish voice. 
 
"Those were some powerful statements you were making about and against 
me. Why were you saying all that?" 
 
"What are you talking about?" I said in my most convincing voice. 
 
"I thought you were brighter than that. Did you forget that I have a 
24/7 feed into your house with both video and audio?" 
 
In my frustration I had forgotten that. All at once I knew that I was 
in trouble even though Dana's voice remained clam and steady. 
 
"I asked you a question Joannie?" 
 
"Yes Dana I did forget about the videos and microphone. I am sorry 
about what I said. I didn't mean it. I was just kidding. Ha Ha I guess 
I was just being a dick." 
 
"Joannie, you are right. You were a dick but the problem is you no 
longer have one or did you forget that too? What am I going to do with 
you. Obviously your punishment tonight didn't work. Do you need me to 
add more time to show you that I am serious?" 
 
"No Dana, please not that. Anything else. Pleeease!" 
 
"Joannie do you agree that you were acting like a baby tonight throwing 
a temper tantrum?" 
 
"Yes I was and I am sorry." 
 
"That's good. Well then I will have to treat you like a baby for a 
while until you can act like a mature adult. I want you to quickly 
fasten yourself to the bed like you did before and I will think about 
your punishment. This time also add a blindfold. Do it quickly." 
 
I did as I was told and secured my feet, put in the penis gag, put on 
the blindfold and then secured my hands. Then I helplessly laid there 
waiting for the inevitable punishment without knowing what it would be. 
I laid there for about an hour when I heard the front door open and 
close. 
 
"Joannie, you have not been very good and you must be punished. I am 
sure you won't like it but you must know that it is going to hurt me 
more than it hurts you. But I will be strict so you may learn 
discipline. I am going to take pictures and set up this video camera 
for insurance in case you ever decide to act on any of those crazy 
things you were talking about before, but I really don't think you 
will. After this weekend I have a feeling you will be much more 
compliant. 
 
I tried to peek through the blindfold but to no avail. I heard Dana 
moving things around the room and placing things on the bed near me but 
I couldn't tell what she was doing. 
 
"Tell me again what you aren't and what you were tonight Joannie." 
 
"I am not a man, I do not have a dick. And tonight I was acting like a 
baby." 
 
"What did I tell you your punishment would be?" 
 
"You told me to quickly bind myself and to be ready to be treated like 
a baby." 
 
"Very good Joannie. You do listen to me every now and then. The first 
thing I want you to do is to drink this milk I have for you. Be sure to 
drink it all and make sure you get it all down quickly. If it takes too 
long your punishment will be worse. When I say 'go' beg me to drink it 
and you best not hesitate one iota or else. Is that clear?" 
 
"Yes, Dana." 
 
Dana then removed my blindfold and penis gag. It took a moment for my 
eyes to adjust to the lights in the room. I quickly looked around the 
room and saw the video camera with its red light on. I then looked at 
Dana and saw the milk in her hands. But it was in a baby bottle! 
 
"Go" she said in an almost motherly voice. 
 
"Dana, may I please have the milk. Please let me have it." I said this 
the best I could even though the thought of this embarrassed me to no 
end. Dana then held the bottle to my lips and I began to suck the 
nipple of the bottle. 
 
"Good girl Joannie. Make sure you suck it good. When you get done with 
this one I have another for you. I am sure you don't mind. I am sorry 
that it had to come to this. But as you admit, you were acting like a 
big baby. And I want to break you of this habit before it gets too bad. 
I will not tolerate you being a baby for the next 2 years and 28 weeks. 
If you continue to act like a baby I will treat you like one. So it's 
your choice, but if I were you and if you have any dignity left then I 
would change my ways." 
 
Dana continued to feed me the first bottle and then the second the 
whole time warning me that any future childlike behavior would not be 
tolerated and dealt with swiftly and harshly. When I finished the 
second bottle she wiped my mouth and stood back from the bed looking at 
me. 
 
"I am sorry Dana and I promise I won't do this again. I've learned my 
lesson." 
 
"Why that's strange Joannie. How could you have learned your lesson 
when it is not nearly completed yet? The milk was only the first step 
and by far the easiest." 
 
Dana then, to my utter shock and horror, produced a diaper from between 
my feet that I had not previously seen. 
 
"Joannie I am now going to put this diaper on you. I don't want you 
wetting your bed. You see you will be bound to this bed for the entire 
weekend. And all that milk I just gave you and rest of the milk I will 
give you these next couple of days will eventually come out. I don't 
think you will be able to hold it all weekend although you are free to 
try. I will also have to cut your panties off to put this on. This of 
course means you'll have to make another trip to Jenny to replace 
these. I want you to ask me very nicely to put this diaper on you." 
 
"Dana, will you please put my diaper on so I won't wet my bed." 
Although it was me talking it felt like a stranger was speaking these 
words. 
 
"Yes, I will Joannie." 
 
Dana cut off my panties and put the diaper on me. She even showed me 
that they had Barney on the front of them.  
 
"Okay Dana you are all set except for one thing. Here is your pacifier 
or should I say 'binky'? I don't want you to be without it all weekend. 
Don't worry I will be back in the morning to change your diaper and 
feed you. I will also leave the light on and watch you over the 
computer to make sure you are alright." 
 
Dana then put the binky in my mouth and before she left she moved the 
free standing mirror I had in the corner next to my bed allowing me to 
see myself all stretched out wearing a diaper. 
 
"I will see you tomorrow Joannie. I hope you will use this time to 
reflect upon what you did. If this happens again I will do this for a 
week and you will go to the store with me to pick out your own diapers 
and binky. Nighty, night. Don't let the bed bugs bite," Dana said as 
she left me all alone.

As I laid there in my diaper wondering what these next couple of years 
would be like I had a much more immediate need- I had to pee. Dana had 
left me nearly three hours ago and I now felt the desire to pee and 
hour ago and now that desire has become a need and necessity. I tried 
as long as I could to hold it back but the inevitability of nature took 
its course and I wet my diaper. It was an experience unlike any other I 
had ever had. It is hard to describe what it feels like to wet your 
pants when you entire adult life there has been such a stigma attached 
to it. As I felt the piss fill my diaper I also realized that Dana 
wasn't going to return for several more hours to change me. It was bad 
enough to wear a diaper and much worse to lay in a wet one. As I 
struggled with my bonds the phone rang and I heard the voice on the 
answering machine.

"Joannie, what's wrong? Did you have a little accident? I don't know if 
you realize this or not but the Barneys are gone on your diaper. You 
see, when the diaper stays dry then Barney is there, but if you get wet 
Barney disappears. It is supposed to be incentive for a young child not 
to wet their diapers. Obviously you need to work on you self control. 
Don't worry I will be over tomorrow morning to change you. Sleep well."

Not only was I wet and uncomfortable I was now embarrassed beyond 
anything I could have imagined. My biggest worry in life now was not 
advancing at work or finding a date, but rather keeping Barney on the 
front of my diaper. Around 11:00 p.m the phone rang again and I thought 
it was Dana again but it was Paul, one of the guys from work.

"John, are you home? Pick up, this is Paul. John, are you there? Well, 
you must be out. If you get home in time to hear this why don't you 
come to the bar and have a few drinks with me and the guys and shoot a 
little pool. I know you must be bummed after Dana dumped you like that. 
That little bitch! She didn't know how good she had it with you. Hope 
to see you later."

I struggled with my bonds like never before to answer that call, but I 
wasn't going anywhere. As I continued to struggle the phone rang again, 
only a few moments after Paul hung up.

"Joannie, this is Dana. I believe you and I are going to have to have a 
talk tomorrow morning about my breaking up with you. I am so silly, I 
thought it was the other way around. We'll talk about that tomorrow- 
sweet dreams."

Oh God! Dana heard what Paul had said and I knew I was in serious 
trouble, although Dana stayed calm and didn't raise her voice one iota. 
I finally must have passed out from exhaustion for the next thing I 
remembered was the front door opening and closing and then Dana 
appearing in my bedroom.

"Good morning, Joannie. I bet you wish that I was putting on another 
strip show for you, but that will never happen as long as you are 
Joannie, you see I am not a lesbian, although there is still hope that 
you will become one. First things, first though, let's change your 
diaper and give you a new one."

Dana approached the bed and pulled out a little baby basket containing 
all the things she needed to change me. She removed the old diaper, 
wiped my bottom, put on ointment for diaper rash, sprinkled me with 
powder and put on a fresh diaper with a big, bold picture of Barney on 
the front. She then removed my binky and produced two bottles from her 
purse.

"Joannie, drink your two bottles now like a good little girl. That's 
it, suck away. A girl you know, can never become too proficient at 
sucking. But that's another story for another day. I would rather talk 
to you now about your friend Paul. Is he under the impression that I 
broke up with you? And that I am a bitch? That is quite unfortunate, 
for as you know, I always value truthfulness in a relationship. I 
wouldn't want Paul to continue with the wrong idea about us, and 
especially about me. How are we going to resolve this? I know, maybe I 
can call Paul right now and have him come over here so that you can 
tell him the truth. How about that?"

"Mmmmph, mmmmmph," I said loudly through the nipple of the bottle being 
forced to my lips.

"What's that Joannie? You think I should call Paul and have him come 
over?"

"Mmmmmmmmph, mmmmmmmmph," I hastily replied.

"Where do you keep your personal phone book? That's right, it's right 
here next to your dresser. Let's see if I can find Paul's number."

Dana was paging through the book and my eyes were pleading with her not 
to call Paul. I had thought that I had hit the bottom as far as 
humiliation had gone, but I now realized that I was far from the 
bottom, if indeed, there was a bottom to my descent. Dana then found 
Paul's number and picked up the phone and began dialing. I was going to 
shout and protest, but I have learned very quickly that there was no 
need to make a bad situation even worse. 

"Hello, Paul. This is Dana. You know, John's old girlfriend - the 
Bitch! I am at John's now and there seems to be a little disagreement 
about who broke up with whom. I was wondering if you could come to 
John's right away and the three of us could settle this once and for 
all. Half an hour would be fine."

Oh shit! Paul was going to be here in 30 minutes and see me like this. 
What was I going to do. I began to thrash around in the bed to no 
avail.

"Hold on a second Paul, John seems to be going crazy, let me calm him 
down... That's better. You want to talk to him? Sure, I guess that would 
be no problem. Let me remove the baby bottle he's sucking on and I give 
him the phone."

Dana then removed the bottle and began to put the phone next to my ear 
since I could not hold it myself. What was I going to say to Paul now?
"In theater 4 we are showing Spiderman at 1:15, 3:30...."

Dana had not called Paul at all. She had instead called the local 
theater for a recording of the show times for Saturday. I was relieved 
and pissed at the same time. Relieved that it wasn't Paul and pissed 
that she almost made my heart stop. Dana then took the phone from me 
and hung it up placing it on the bed beside me.

"Joannie, don't think for a moment that I wouldn't really call Paul, 
your other friends, or your family, for that matter, if I really wanted 
to and there's nothing you could do to stop me. I just chose not to 
this time. It was enough pleasure watching you thinking that I really 
did it. But there is this little matter of the truth. Paul is still 
under a false notion so I am really going to call Paul for real this 
time and let you talk to him rectifying the situation. If I don't like 
your version of the story then rest assured that I will take that 
phone from your ear and invite Paul over for a personal conversation. 
If you get his answering machine then leave him a message. Is that 
clear?"

"Yes, Dana" As she dialed Paul's number I quickly thought about what I 
was going to say. When the phone began to ring Dana placed it to my 
ear.

"ring...ring...ring... Hey, this is Paul. I am not here to get your call, but 
please leave a message and I will get back with you. Beep"

"Paul, this is John, I got your message last night and just wanted to 
clear a few things up. I know I told you that Dana broke up with me, 
but the truth is that I broke up with her. She was really mad at me 
being a jerk stringing her along for so long and she's right. Dana's 
not a bitch, but I am a bastard and I hope I can make it up to Dana 
somehow, someway. Talk to you later."

"Good job, Joannie. It's not so hard telling the truth, is it? And 
don't feel completely bad, for you will make it up to me over the next 
2 1/2 years. Let's finish these bottles so I can leave and go shopping. I 
will be back this afternoon and I hope there is a Barney or I will 
be very disappointed in my little girl."

Dana finished feeding me and then left for the mall as promised. I laid 
there fighting the urge to pee again not knowing what form her 
'disappointment' would take if I lost my Barney. Dana returned around 3 
p.m. and strolled into my bedroom with a number of shopping bags.

"Good girl, I can still see your Barney. For that you will be rewarded. 
I bought you some baby food to go along with all of your milk. I bought 
jars of chicken and beef, green beans and carrots, and some fruit. Make 
sure you eat all your meat and vegetables are you won't get dessert. 
Now open wide."

Dana proceeded to feed me with a baby spoon from the little jars. She 
purposely got some on my chin and cheek so she could wipe it with the 
spoon and place it in my mouth. When I was finished eating Dana said 
she would go into the other room and read letting me have a chance to 
go to the bathroom before she left so she could change my diaper again. 
It was hard enough peeing in a diaper in the first place, and doubly 
hard knowing that there is someone in the next room waiting to change 
you after the fact. I did manage to relieve myself and Dana changed me 
like last time.

"Goodbye, Joannie. I will be back later tonight to feed and change 
you." 

Dana came back that evening as well as 3 more times on Sunday. When she 
came back Sunday evening Dana fed me and then took off my wet diaper 
but didn't put a new one on.

"Joannie, your time as a baby is over. I hope you have learned your 
lesson. If you can behave like a nice young lady and not throw any more 
tantrums then I will treat you like a young lady. But if you do start 
acting like a baby again, just remember that next time it will be for a 
week, and that you will have to go to work dressed in a diaper. I hope 
you have learned your lesson. When I leave I am going to release and 
let you take a shower and get back into your girlie clothes. Be in bed 
by 10 p.m. and get up at 5:30 a.m. so you can get your chores done. I 
will talk to you tomorrow."

Dana released me and left. I quickly jumped in the shower, painted my 
toes and fingernails, dressed in my nightie and ate a huge dinner. I 
went to bed on time and relished a good night's sleep. I got out of bed 
at 5:28 and the phone rang at 5:30 sharp.

"Joannie, I hope you enjoyed you sleep. I would like you to put on you 
French maid's outfit now and scrub your bathroom and kitchen floor with 
a toothbrush. Make sure you get every nook and cranny. Bachelor's may 
live as slobs, but it is unbecoming for an attractive young lady to do 
so. When you finish that take a shower, put on your pink undies and 
your white pantyhose. When you leave work tonight be sure to stop by 
and see Stephanie at the tanning salon. Be sure to pack the same 
clothes you wore last time so you can develop your tan lines. I will 
give you an extra half hour to get that done, so be home by 6:30 
tonight."

I quickly did my chores and then changed into my clothes for work. When 
I arrived at work the first person I ran into was Paul.

"Hi," I said and quickly started to head for my office.

"John, what got into you yesterday? Why do I really care who broke up 
with whom? Why do you care if I think badly of Dana. I have heard of 
guys being pussy whipped by their girlfriends, but not by their ex-
girlfriends."

At that moment Laurie happened to walked by looking absolutely gorgeous 
in her red dress. I had hoped she had not heard our conversation but I 
was wrong.

"John, I am sorry I didn't know you had a girlfriend or I would not 
have suggested going out last Friday."

"That's alright Laurie, Dana and I are broken up."

"I am sorry to hear that, but from what I heard it seems for the best. 
I agree with Paul, a guy, if he is going to be pussy whipped should 
only be whipped by his current girlfriend," Laurie said with a sly, 
flirtatious smile

"Are we still on for this weekend," she asked.

"Sure, how about Friday after work?"

"That's fine if you are sure Dana won't mind," she said sarcastically 
as she walked away.

Little did she know how much Dana "would mind" me dating the girl who 
was part of the reason we broke up in the first place. I had a week to 
come up with a plan or I was a dead man. Work dragged on, partly 
because I couldn't wait to get home where no one could accidentally 
discover my undergarments or my chastity belt. After work I went by the 
tanning salon as instructed.

"Hey Joannie, how are you doing? I thought I would have seen you over 
the weekend," Stephanie said as I walked through the door. 

A couple customers looked at her and then at me wondering why she call 
me 'Joannie'. I am sure they must have misheard her until she pulled my 
name up on the account.

"Let's see Joannie, you have a lot left on your package. You will be in 
room 5 today for 15 minutes - enjoy."

As I started to walk away she said, "You forgot your little stickers 
'slut' and 'Joannie'. Dana dropped a bunch by this morning."

I quickly walked to room 5 with my head dropped for I knew the other 
customers were looking at me. When I finished I quickly went home and 
arrived at 6:15 in plenty of time. At exactly 6:30 the phone rang and 
it was, of course, Dana.

"Joannie, I hope you are getting dressed. I will be over in a little 
bit. Why don't you keep on your pink panties and white stockings and 
put on you red skirt, powder blue blouse and your 4" red heels. I will 
see you soon."

Dana arrived at 7:30 with a bunch of videotapes in her hand. She placed 
them on the coffee table and then sat on my couch and invited me to sit 
next to her.

"My, don't you look pretty. You are slowly turning into a beautiful 
young lady. But there is a lot more to being beautiful than just a 
pretty face. You must also begin to think and act like a woman. That is 
what these tapes are for. I know that in the past you always made fun 
of 'chick flicks' and would never watch them with me, but that was 
before you were a 'chick'. I think we need to make up for lost time. I 
have brought over a few of my favorite movies, and I know that you will 
appreciate them too, Joannie. The first one we are going to watch is 
'Beaches'. All girls just love this movie, and I am sure you will fall 
in love with this too. So just sit back, kick off your shoes, or should 
I say heels, and enjoy. 
Dana had me put the tape in and together we watched Bette Midler in 
'Beaches'. During the movie I saw a few tears come to Dana's eyes, and 
I noticed she was watching me to see if I too was crying. When it was 
over Dana told me to turn it off so we could talk.

"Joannie, isn't that a great movie?"

"Yes. I liked it." That was my only safe response.

"Then why weren't you crying at all?"

"Guys don't cry...!" before I could stop myself I made a major blunder.

"What's that Joannie? You still think you are a guy?"

"No, Dana. I didn't mean to say that."

"I am sure you didn't mean to say it, I don't think that you are that 
stupid, but you did say it and we need to do something about that. I 
think I have the perfect solution. Let's pretend that you are back in 
college and that you need to write a paper. I just loved writing 
papers, didn't you? I was an English Major you know. The topic of your 
paper will be: Why girls would cry during the movie 'Beaches'. Let's 
say a 1000 word paper, double spaced. As my professors were fond of 
saying, 'a paper should be like a woman's skirt; long enough to cover 
the subject and short enough to keep it interesting.' I am sure that 
being a woman now, that phrase has all sorts of new meaning for you. 
The paper will be due Friday evening at 8:00 and remember that spelling 
and grammar count. If it is not done well then it will 2000 words the 
next time. I will leave you now and let you get started on your 
homework. Be sure to have the lights out and be in bed by 10 p.m. Talk 
to you soon, bye."

As Dana left I couldn't believe what she was making me do. She was 
treating me like a student giving me homework, no less on why girls 
cry! I pouted for a bit and then pulled out a notebook jotting down 
ideas for my assignment due on Friday. 

After finishing jotting down a few notes for the paper due on Friday I 
went into the bathroom and got ready for bed. I took a shower, shaved 
my legs and underarms, and then put on my teddy and got into bed. As I 
lay there wearing my lingerie as Joannie, my prick told me that I was 
still John. I began to think of Laurie but as soon as I started to get 
arouse my 'cage' quickly tempered such thoughts with a jolt of pain. 
The cage was the 'ever vigilant' guard of my actions as well as my 
thoughts. Even in prison the guards are not watching their prisoners 
24/7, but my guard never sleeps and is always diligent in her singular 
task of controlling my manhood. I set my alarm for 5:30 and fell off to 
sleep dreading what tomorrow would bring.

The next morning, shortly after I got up, the phone rang and I knew it 
was Dana.

"Good morning, Joannie. I hope you slept well. I won't keep you long 
for I know you have some chores to do before you leave for work. I just 
wanted to tell you that I have a surprise for you today after work, so 
make sure that you are home by 6:00. Well hurry up and get ready so you 
can get your chores done before you leave. See you soon."

I thought to myself what kind of surprise could she have for me now as 
I dressed in my maid's outfit and did my assigned tasks. As I left for 
work looking like a man on the outside but wearing lingerie underneath 
I once again wondered how long I could keep up this charade before 
somebody accidentally found out.

When I arrived at work the first person I ran into was Laurie. As 
always she was dressed like a goddess. Laurie approached me in a 
hurried fashion.

"Good morning, John. Sorry I can't stand here and chat with you. I have 
to run an errand for the boss. I hope we are still on for this Friday."

"Sure, Laurie. I very much look forward to going out with you," I said 
as Laurie was racing out the door.

I still didn't have a clue how I was going to arrange this clandestine 
meeting with Laurie without Dana finding out, but I still had a few 
days to work on that. Work went by slowly and for once I was glad about 
that for I much rather be here than experiencing first hand Dana's 
newest surprise for me. 

I left work at exactly 5:00 for I knew I couldn't risk disobeying Dana. 
When I arrived home I noticed Dana's car in front and knew that the 
'surprise' was more than likely already awaiting me. 

"Hello, Joannie. Why don't you quickly change into the clothes I have 
laid out for you in your bedroom. And don't forget to put on your make-
up. Don't take forever. I know that it often takes women so long to get 
ready, but it's only us girls so don't worry about trying to impress 
anyone.

As I walked into my bedroom I noticed a simple pair of white cotton 
panties, a white bra and a pair of overalls. I put on my make-up, 
changed into my clothes and then returned to Dana who was in the Living 
Room. Next to her was a pile of something draped underneath a large 
tarp.

"Joannie, what is your favorite color?"

"Dana, you know that my favor color is green."

"I wasn't asking what John's favorite color was, I am asking what is 
Joannie's favorite color. Be careful how you answer; remember you are 
now a girl and you should have a girlie color."

"I like Pink," I said reluctantly and with some trepidation.

"What shade of pink?"

"Hot Pink?" I said more like a question than a statement.

"Is that a question or an answer?"

"I like hot pink" I said for it was my only safe choice.

"I am glad to hear that, Joannie. That's exactly what I thought you 
would say."

With that Dana quickly pulled back the tarp and revealed a couple of 
gallons of paint as well as a number of painting supplies.

"Joannie, I know these past several days have not been easy for you, 
and you have been such a good girl lately that I thought I would give 
you a little present. This is the new paint for your bedroom. It's hot 
pink, you're favorite color! We are going to paint your bedroom tonight 
and if we work quickly we'll have it done before your bedtime."

I couldn't believe my eyes or ears. Not only has Dana imprisoned my 
manhood, dressed me in feminine clothes, and monitored my house 24/7, 
she now was going to make me live in a little girl's room. 

We first cleared out all the furniture and took everything off the 
walls and then laid down the tarps. When I opened the can of paint I 
was surprised at how pink it really was. It had taken me quite a while 
to get my room the way I liked it and now Dana was changing all that 
overnight. With the first stripe of pink paint from the roller over my 
green walls I let out an audible gasp that Dana must have heard.

"It's alright, Joannie. You can cry if you want to. I know that they 
would be tears of happiness, for after all what little girl wouldn't 
want a bright hot pink room?"

As we painted for the next couple of hours I saw my green walls being 
eaten by the hot pink paint. Around 9:00 we finished and Dana had me 
clean the paint brushes and rollers, and then had me put all the 
supplies in the basement with the comment that we never know when we 
might need them again. I then proceeded to carry my stuff back into 
bedroom.

"Joannie, what are you doing?"

"I am putting my stuff back."

"Do you really think that we painted this room pink and made it so 
pretty so that you could put all that old junk back in there? You may 
set up your computer so that I can monitor you but the rest of that 
stuff has to go. I have a man from the Salvation Army coming tomorrow 
to pick all this up. I told him that I would meet him around 9:00 a.m. 
while you are at work. For tonight I brought over a sleeping bag for 
you."

Dana produced a 'Little Mermaid' sleeping bag and laid it in the middle 
of my now empty bedroom.

"You may sleep in this tonight. I have also bought you a present - well 
actually you bought it, I just used your credit card, but it's the 
thought that counts- a new nightgown. I got it from Jenny at the 
Lingerie store. She said that it would fit you perfectly for she 
special ordered it from a catalog that caters to sissy men. Don't you 
just love it?"

It was a nightgown with a picture of the 'Little Mermaid' on the front, 
which matched my sleeping bag perfectly. 

"What do you say?"

"Thank you Dana," I said reluctantly. "It is just lovely."

"Joannie, it's getting late and you need to get ready for bed. Hurry up 
and take a shower and put on your new nightgown. I am going to go home. 
When you get out of the shower make sure that the computer is hooked 
up. I want to see you in your new outfit before you go to bed. I'll 
talk to you later." With that Dana left me alone in my newly painted 
bedroom.

I took my shower and spent extra time making sure that I removed all 
evidence of the pink paint from my body. I then stepped into my new 
nightgown and started to set up the computer. At exactly 9:59 Dana 
called.

"Joannie, you look great, and your room looks so much better. You have 
worked hard tonight and deserve a little break. Tomorrow you can sleep 
in until 7:00 and skip your chores. I will see you tomorrow. Good night 
and don't let the bed bugs bite." 

I turned off the lights and got into my 'Little Mermaid' sleeping bag. 
But even with the lights off it seemed my room still glowed from the 
hot pink paint. I was tired and quickly fell asleep. The next morning I 
woke at 7:00 and got ready for work. As usual Dana called in the 
morning and told me that she would see me tonight when I got home. She 
also reminded me that I had a 5:15 tanning appointment. At work I tried 
to avoid everyone, especially Laurie. When I left at 5:00 I ran into 
Paul walking out the door.

"John, how are you doing? I don't seem to see as much of you anymore? 
Is everything alright?"

"Paul, everything is fine. I just have a lot on my mind. I'll see you 
later." Little did Paul know how much my life has changed over these 
past couple of weeks. I arrived home at 5:59 barely making it by 6:00.

"Joannie, you are cutting it kind of close aren't you?"

"I'm sorry Dana. It took a little longer at the tanning salon than I 
thought."

"Well close your eyes and don't open them until I tell you to, I have 
another surprise for you." Dana led me around the house and then into 
the bedroom and said, "You can open your eyes."

I was floored. My once masculine bedroom had been totally transformed. 
She had bought, with my money, no less, a whole new bedroom set of 
white furniture adorned with roses and flowers. I had a wrought iron 
day bed against one wall with a flowery comforter on top. In addition 
to the comforter were a lot of pillows and stuffed animals. There were 
also a couple of dressers, and the one had a large mirror on the top. 
In one corner there was a full-length mirror and in the other corner 
there was a vanity table where I could sit to put on my makeup. The 
furniture was bad enough but the decorations were even worse. The walls 
were covered with all sorts of things one would expect to find in a 
teenage girl's bedroom. There were posters of the latest rock groups 
along with pin-up posters of guys posing in jeans without their shirts 
on. There were even blocked letters that spelt 'Joannie's Room'.

"How do you like it?"

I was too stunned to speak. I just stood there gazing at what used to 
be my bedroom.

"Joannie, what's wrong? I thought you would love it."

"Dana, what have you done?"

"Careful Joannie. Just because we are becoming girlfriends don't forget 
who is in charge of whom."

"Dana, please stop all of this. I am so sorry for what I did to hurt 
you. But enough is enough. I can't take it anymore. You got to let me 
go. It's not fair making me live like this. What gives you the right to 
control me and everything I do!"

"Joannie, what's wrong with you? I thought we were doing so well."

"What do you mean what's wrong with me? I no longer have a life and 
things may be going well for you but not for me."

"Joannie, just sit back and collect your thoughts for a while. Just 
listen to me while I talk. You are in the situation you are because you 
were a jerk to me. You say that what is happening to you is not fair, 
but I must disagree. You strung me along for two years and that wasn't 
fair. You took 2 years from me and now I am taking that from you. 
Actually I am taking almost 2 1/2 years, but that last 6 months is of 
your own doing. I control you for I can. You are wearing a chastity 
belt that you will never be able to remove without the key and I am the 
key holder.

If you ever, and I mean ever, cum again it will be at my discretion and 
at my whim. Do you really want to chance making me mad enough that I 
destroy that key? Think about it John, and I do mean John, not Joannie. 
If I destroy that key you will never experience the joy of orgasm 
again. You will die an old man with a dick that has shriveled up due to 
atrophy. Do you really want to never experience the joy of cumming 
again? Do you never want to feel again a hot tongue going up and down 
your penis or the pleasure of a warm, moist pussy encasing your prick. 

John you forget I was your 'so called' girlfriend for 2 years. I know 
how much you enjoy cumming and I know the thought of living the rest of 
your life without that joy absolutely terrifies you. And besides all 
that do you really want your family, friends, co-workers, and for that 
matter the whole world, to know the life you have been living. I have 
enough on tape to ruin you forever. John, think about all that. If you 
want this to end then just walk out the door and see what happens. If 
you want to remain Joannie until I release you, after you have paid 
your debt, then tell me how much you appreciate everything I have done 
for you. Will the next voice I hear be John or Joannie? If it is John 
then prepare to live your life caged and humiliated and if it is 
Joannie then I will forget this little escapade ever happened, but it 
better never happen again. You have a big choice to make."

"Dana, thank you for making my room so beautiful," I said, for it was 
my only real option. "I am a lucky girl to have such a beautiful room. 
It is absolutely wonderful!"

"Joannie, do you really like it?"

"Dana, it is everything I ever wanted. I wish everyone could see how 
beautiful it is!" After saying that I thought I had gone a little too 
far. I didn't want to give Dana any ideas.

"Joannie, I am so glad you love it. I worked really hard getting it all 
ready for you. Well, I have to go and get some things done. I'll leave 
you to admire your new room. And remember that paper is due Friday 
evening. I look forward to reading it. I'll talk to you later, bye."

When Dana left I sat on my new bed with all the frilly extras and 
thought about what she had said, and she was absolutely right. She knew 
me so well. The thought of never cumming again did indeed terrify me. I 
didn't know how I was going to survive the next 2 years without 
release, but I knew that as difficult as this would be living life 
without EVER cumming again would be impossible, and Dana knew that so 
well. She had me where she wanted me and I was totally helpless. I so 
much wanted to get out of this damn belt but I now knew without a doubt 
that my only chance of release lay (no pun intended) in Dana's Hands. 
With that thought permeating all of my thoughts I put pen to paper and 
started to write my paper on why girls cry.

Around 9:50 that evening Dana called and said that she had been 
watching me over the computer the last couple of hours and was 
impressed and happy with how hard I was working on my paper.

"Joannie, I am very much looking forward to reading your paper. I will 
be over around 7:00 Friday evening for dinner so be sure to fix 
something extra special and wear that cute little black evening dress 
you bought for dinner. And by the way I forgot to tell you that my 
mother invited you to our family picnic this Saturday. I hope you can 
come - you see they still think that you love me and that I am your 
girlfriend. Pick me up at noon on Saturday and be sure to pack a nice 
picnic lunch for us. I will see you Friday at 7:00. Good night, 
Joannie."

What was I going to do? I very much wanted to go out with Laurie on 
Friday but I now realized that this was going to be quite impossible. I 
needed more time to come up with some plan on how Laurie and I might be 
able to go out in the future, but for now I was too well monitored. I 
knew that I would have to come up with some plausible excuse on 
how to break our date.

When I got up Friday morning I did my chores as usual and got to work a 
few minutes early. I met Paul and told him that I really needed his 
help. I told him about Laurie and how I had to break our date this 
evening. Thank God Paul is not the nosy type, he didn't even ask why. 
He truly thought that a guy shouldn't have to justify himself to 
another guy and that he shouldn't have to explain his actions to any 
woman. My plan was to go into the bathroom around 3:00 and put my head 
under the hand dryer in the bathroom a few times to make me look red in 
the face and to really sweat. I was then going to come out of the 
bathroom and talk to Paul making sure Laurie was close enough to hear.

"John, what's wrong? You look awful."

"Ya, Paul, I feel like shit. I just threw up in the bathroom and I 
think I have a fever."

"Why don't you go home early and go to bed?"

"I can't. I promised Laurie I would go out with her after work and I 
already had to break one date and ..."

"John, I heard you and Paul from my office," Laurie said. "You do look 
like crap, sorry, but it's true. What kind of girl do you think I am? 
Of course I wouldn't be upset if you went home and got some rest. 
Disappointed yes, but not upset or angry. I hope it's not the flu. Go 
home and go to bed. Hopefully, you'll be better on Monday. See you 
then, now go home and take care of yourself."

The plan worked like a charm although I didn't know how many more times 
I could plausibly put Laurie off without the risk of her losing 
interest.

I arrived home and began to cook dinner and put the final touches on my 
paper. I changed into my black evening gown and met Dana at the door 
when she arrived.

"Joannie, what a lovely table you set. You really didn't need to set 
the table so elegantly with candles and all. And you got so dressed up 
for me - what a nice surprise."

It took control not to shout back, "What are you talking about? You 
told me to do all this!" But instead I meekly replied, "It's nothing. 
And I like dressing up for you."

"Well why don't we sit down and eat."

During dinner Dana made casual conversation about her day and we talked 
about all sorts of 'girly' things as though it was nothing out of the 
ordinary. After dinner I served dessert and then Dana was interested in 
hearing my paper.

"Joannie, why don't we move into the living room so I can sit 
comfortably while you present your paper. And please bring me a glass 
of white wine."

We moved into the living room and Dana removed her heels and sat on her 
legs at the end of my couch sipping on her wine as she motioned for me 
to read my paper.

"You want me to read it out loud?"

"Of course silly. I think it will be better if you read it to me. This 
way I can hear the subtleties of the author come forward."

"When one goes to ..."

"Joannie, is that how you began a paper in school? I don't think so. 
Now start over and do it right."

"Why Girls Cry by Joannie. When one goes to the movies, especially what 
modern society has labeled as the 'Chick' movie, one often can notice a 
tear or two trickling down a young girl's face. This may cause a boy to 
chuckle to himself wondering why the female of the species is so weak, 
but in reality tears are not a sign of weakness, but rather a mark of 
strength. Deep within the soul of a woman there is a fountain of 
strength that their male counterpart will never experience or 
understand. Tears are simply the manifestation of this inner strength 
and beauty. When a man looks at the world he sees the world as it is, 
but when a woman looks as the world she sees the world not only as it 
is, but also how it could be. She is able to see beyond the purely 
physical landscape of the world and can envision how this landscape is 
merely the background on which a much greater story unfolds, the story 
of interpersonal relationships. The man operates on the level of sight 
and sound, while the female operates on the level of beauty and love...."

"Very, very good Joannie. I am truly impressed. You even brought a tear 
to my eye. There is hope yet that you will make a splendid female 
before all this is over. I hope you keep up the good work. I must now 
go home and get ready for our picnic tomorrow. Be sure to pick me up by 
noon and under your shorts just wear a pair of white cotton panties. 
And before you come by my place be sure to stop by the tanning salon - 
we need to work on those bikini lines. See you tomorrow, good night."

The next morning I awoke and did all my chores before going to the 
tanning salon. I arrived at Dana's at 11:55 and we arrived at the 
picnic at 12:30. As we were driving there Dana laid down the ground 
rules for me. She wouldn't address me as 'Joannie' but neither would 
she call me 'John'. If I wanted to do anything I would need to ask her 
permission and if she were talking with somebody then I would have to 
patiently wait. She informed me that if I violated these rules then her 
family would be the first to witness 'Joannie's coming out party'.

When we arrived, I was greeted by her mother with a big hug.

"How are you doing John," Dana's mother inquired. "It has been a while 
since I've seen you. What have you been up to?"

"Oh I've just been busy."

We joined her other relatives under the pavilion at the park. Dana has 
a large family. She has 3 brothers and 2 sisters and untold cousins, 
aunts and uncles. There must have been close to 60 people at this 
picnic when we arrived. We ate lunch with her brother Mike and his wife 
Cheryl, and her sister Beth and her husband Mark. After everyone ate 
lunch people started to organize different activities. 

Dana's brother Mike went around trying to organize a softball game for 
the guys. When he returned back to our table to get his glove he asked 
me if I wanted to play. I didn't know what to say. I looked to Dana for 
help but got none.

"Hey John, do you want to play. I know how much you like it. You are 
always our star pitcher."

"I don't know," I replied stalling for time and assistance.

"Come on," Mike said, "I am sure that Dana wouldn't mind. All the girls 
are just going to stay here and talk anyway."

"Dana do you care if I play softball?"

"Is that a request? It doesn't sound like one. It sounds like you are 
merely informing me of what you have already decided," Dana said.

"Come on, Dana," Mike replied. "Who are you, his mother, that he has to 
ask you if he can go out and play or not?"

"I don't know what he thinks I am Mike," Dana replied. "I just think it 
would be nice if considered my feelings before he always jumped up and 
did what he wanted."

"Dana, may I please play softball with Mike and the guys?"

Before Dana had a chance to answer Mike chimed in, "What are you doing 
John? If you want to play, then play. If you don't, then don't. You 
don't need my baby sister telling you what you can or can't do!" 

I wished that Mike would just drop the subject and let Dana and I talk.

"Is that right," Dana said to me. "You don't think you should do what I 
want?"

"Dana, may I please play softball with Mike and the guys?"

"No. I don't think you should play softball today. Why don't you just 
stay here with me and the girls and chat."

"Well, John? Are you going to play or not?" Mike asked.

"I am sorry, but I think I'll sit this game out."

"I can't believe it," Mike said with a sigh. "Who would have thunk that 
they would have seen the day that John would have to ask my baby sister 
for permission to play softball with the guys? I hope you enjoy your 
times with the ladies." With that said Mike and Mark went off to play 
leaving me at the table with Dana, Beth and Cheryl.

"Dana, what's got into you?" her sister Beth asked.

"I have never seen you like this before," Cheryl chimed in.

"I just thought it was about time I looked after myself and my needs," 
Dana said.

"Doesn't John mind this?" Beth said as though I wasn't even there.

"Ask him yourself?"

"John, do you always listen to what Dana says?" Beth inquired

I didn't know how to answer this question without this conversation 
leading places I did not want it to go.

"Why don't you answer her," Dana asked.

"Yes, I do Beth. I respect Dana and care about her feelings." I thought 
that this was safe since it made me look like the very considerate and 
sensitive man.

"Well I still can't believe it," Beth went on. "I agree with Mike. Who 
would have thought that the baby of the family would have such control 
over a man like Mike?"

"Dana, how do you do it?" Cheryl inquired. "I would love to have such 
control over Mike."

"Me too. I would love for Mark to consider my feelings every now and 
then," Beth said.

"It's really not that difficult," Dana replied. "You just have to show 
them that life will be much easier for them if they do things your way 
instead of theirs."

"What are you guys talking about?" Emily, Dana's oldest sister, said.

"We are talking about how Dana has John pussy whipped," Beth replied.

In no time at all there was a crowd of women at our table. They began 
to talk about Dana and how she has me under her thumb. As the 
discussion got heated Dana gave me new instructions.

"Why don't you go over there and play with the kids? They need someone 
to help them swing the rope for jump rope," Dana said to me.

As I was walking over there I heard women saying, "It really is true...! 
He does do everything she asks...he must really be pussy whipped...how can 
I get my husband to do this..."

After about thirty minutes of playing with the kids I really had to 
pee. I was tempted to go to the bathroom but I didn't want to do so 
without permission. But every time I glanced at Dana there seemed to be 
a larger crowd around her. I waited as long as I could but I eventually 
had to ask permission or go in my pants. When I got to the table 
everyone had dispersed but Dana, Beth, Cheryl and Emily. 

"What's wrong John, are you tired of playing with the kids?" Emily 
asked

"No. I just had to go to the bathroom."

"Why don't you just go then? Why do we need to know this? This is way 
too much information," Beth said.

"Has Johnny come to ask Dana for permission?'' Cheryl mockingly said.

"Come on Cheryl, no guy is that whipped," Emily said.

"Can I help you?" Dana said to me.

As much as I had to go I couldn't bring myself to ask for permission 
now. 

"No. I just came over to tell you how great this picnic is."

"I thought you had to use the bathroom?" Cheryl said.

"Here, have another beer," Dana said.

She had to know by the way I was hopping around how desperate I was but 
she gave no indication of this.

"Now go back and play with the kids while us girls talk," Dana said.

I drank my beer and that only increased the pressure on my poor 
bladder. Another 30 minutes later and I was in legitimate pain. I once 
again approached Dana and the ladies but this time they didn't even 
seem to acknowledge presence. It was a full 10 minutes before Emily 
said, "Dana, I think John wants to ask you something."

"Yes," Dana dramatically said.

"May I please use the bathroom?"

"You may. And when you are finished why don't you go play ball with the 
men. I think they would like that."

As I ran to the bathroom I heard Emily saying, "Cheryl, you were right. 
He came to ask Dana for permission to go to the bathroom."

I relieved myself for what seemed like hours and it felt so, so good. 
When I finished I walked over to the game knowing that I would get 
further abuse.

"Hey guys, look whose come to join us," Mike said. "Are you sure Dana 
doesn't mind? We wouldn't want you to get in trouble for playing with 
the big boys."

The picnic, mercifully, came to an end around 7:30 and Dana and I said 
our goodbyes. I could tell that as we walked to my car that we were the 
primary topic of conversation.

"Joannie, you did very well today. I had a great time, and I hope you 
did as well. Please take me home and then you can go home and rest. You 
had a long day."

I dropped Dana off at her house and I as rode home I prayed that it 
would be a very long time, if at all, before I saw her family again.

I woke up Sunday morning and prepared for my day not knowing what Dana 
had 'planned' for me today. I took a shower and shaved all my required 
parts. I put on my make-up and dressed in my maid's outfit and began my 
chores. Around 9:45 the phone rang and of course it was Dana.

"Good morning, Joannie. I hope you slept well."

"Yes I did, thank you for asking."

"I will be coming over around 11:00 this morning and it would be great 
if you could fix me brunch. During brunch I will explain your next 
task."

"Dana, I really don't have much to fix for brunch."

"Then I guess you'll have to run to the store and pick up supplies."

"But I won't have time to change, get to the store, change back, and 
fix breakfast before you arrive."

"Then I guess you will have to go to the store 'as is' if you can't 
manage to get everything done in time. I don't care how you do it. I 
just want brunch at 11:00. See ya then, bye."


Another task! How long would this go on? Hopefully, it won't be as bad 
as the picnic experience. But I couldn't waste my energy dreading the 
future when the here and now presented problems of its own. I knew I 
had to put on 'normal' clothes over my maid's outfit, but there was no 
way I was going to be able to redo my nails and make-up in time if I 
was going to have brunch ready in time. I quickly threw on baggy pants 
and a long sleeve shirt. I removed the lipstick and eye shadow but had 
to leave the rest of my make-up including my red painted fingernails.

I drove to a little market I knew, it was 5 minutes further, but I had 
never been there before and I knew it wouldn't be nearly as crowded as 
the supermarket I usually went to. I walked in the store unnoticed and 
quickly snatched up a basket to put my groceries in. I picked up some 
eggs, bacon, sausage, croissants, freshly squeezed orange juice and 
some fresh fruit that had already been sliced. I went to the check-out 
counter where there was a young girl named Angie. As she checked my 
groceries I could tell that she thought there was indeed something 
strange about me. The total was $24.73 and when I went into my pocket 
for cash I realized that I only had $10 so I handed her my credit card. 
I really hated this for I did not want anyone to know who I was but I 
had no choice. I was hoping she wouldn't even look at the name on the 
card.

"John, is it, may I please see some I.D?"

"Why do you need to see my I.D.? The total is only $24."

"Sir, it's our new store policy. When the back of the card is not 
signed we are required to ask for identification."

"Here I'll sign it now."

"Sir, I am sorry but that won't help. It has to be signed before you 
hand it to us. May I please see some identification?"

"Come on ... Angie," I said as I stared at her name tag. "Just let me get 
by this once."

"I am sorry sir, but I really don't want to lose my job. I am in 
college and really need this job. So please let me see some I.D."

"Just show her some I.D. and move on." 

When I turned around I realized that there were now two people in line 
behind me, an elderly gentleman and a woman in her mid-forties. And as 
I was staring at them the manager, who must have heard the exchange 
between Angie and I, came over.

"May I help you sir?" The manager said.

"No," I said. I surely didn't want to call any more attention to 
myself. I reached into my pocket and produced my driver's license. Up 
until this point I had been extremely careful not to let anyone see my 
fingernails, but when I handed my license to Angie I heard the woman 
behind me speak.

"Is he wearing nail polish?"

"Angie, you got my license, can we please hurry this up?" I said in 
frustration and embarrassment.

"Does this look okay to you?" Angie said as she handed my license to 
her manager. 

He stared at my picture and then stared at me. This went on several 
times. He finally said with a tone of disgust in his voice, "It's fine 
Angie. Just get him checked out so he can leave. I am sure he has more 
important things to get done."

I finally got my groceries bagged and as Angie was handing me my 
receipt I noticed she was looking at my fingernails and the make-up on 
my face. "Thank you mam, or I mean sir, for shopping here," she said 
with a sly smirk upon her face.

I almost ran out of the store and nearly hit an incoming car as I was 
leaving. I returned back to my place at 10:30 and quickly reapplied my 
lipstick and eye shadow. When Dana rang the bell at 11:00 sharp I 
greeted her in my maid's outfit.

"My don't you look pretty today, Joannie."

"Thank you, Dana. Would you like to sit down and eat? Everything is 
ready."

I led Dana to the table and pulled out her chair and pushed it in as 
she sat down. I served her brunch and stood near her at the end of the 
table with my hands behind my back.

"Joannie, you don't need to stand there like that. Please get me a 
little more coffee and then sit here next to me dear. You shouldn't 
have gone to so much trouble for me."

I hated when she said stuff like that for if I hadn't I surely would 
have been in all sorts of trouble.

"Are you interested in your next little task?"

"Yes, I can't wait," I said with as much sincerity as I could muster.

As I said that Dana pulled a little book out of her purse and told me 
that I was to memorize this book by next Saturday evening. When I 
turned the book over my jaw dropped for it was a copy of the 'Vagina 
Monologues'.

"Joannie, since you are one of us now, at least by adoption, I thought 
it would be good for you to understand a little more about a very 
important and significant part of who we are. You see Joannie, I have a 
vagina and, for all intents and purposes, you have one too, for your 
dick is officially out of the picture for a couple of more years. I 
would like you to memorize this book by next Saturday. I know this 
won't be easy, so to make it a little easier for you I am giving you 
the week off from your chores. All you will be required to do is 
obviously keep up your appearance and to go tanning. And in addition to 
this I want you to take off work this Friday. Is all this clear?"

"Dana, I am not sure I can memorize all this in just one week."

"Joannie, I think if you put your mind to it you can. I have always 
ascribed to the principle that if you want something badly enough then 
you can do it. To make sure you really want this badly enough I am 
going to give you a little incentive. If you don't get this done in 
time I am going to arrange a week's vacation for us and my brothers and 
sisters. Won't you just love to spend a week with Mike and Emily and 
Beth? I am sure they would enjoy very much watching you and learning 
about your newly acquired persona. So do you think I need to start 
arranging that vacation?"

"No, Dana, that's alright. This book really isn't that big. I am sure I 
can get it memorized in a week."

"That's the spirit Joannie. I knew you could do it. Well, I have to be 
going and you have to start reading. I'll call you later, bye."

When Dana left I sat on the couch staring at my fishnet covered legs 
and white apron on top of my little black dress. I then reached down 
and lifted up the dress and pulled down my black panties and saw the 
cage encasing my once proud cock. What am I dong? I knew that I hated 
everything Dana was doing to me, but I also knew she was right. It had 
only been a couple of weeks since my enslavement and already I was 
dying from a longing to explode. And not only did I want to cum, I also 
just wanted to be able to look at him again and touch him. I wanted to 
know that I still was a male deep down inside, but Dana was making sure 
that I did not get any visual reinforcement of my former identity.

I read the 'Vagina Monologues' the rest of the afternoon and finally 
took a break and sat down to watch television. I turned on the football 
game and as I was settling down to just lay and relax the phone rang.

"Joannie, this is Dana," like she needed to inform me who she was. "I 
know you liked football, but I am not sure Joannie is really into 
football. If you are going to watch the game why don't you get the 
proper clothes for the game. Go down and visit Jenny at the lingerie 
store and pick up a cheerleader's outfit. I think that would be nice."

"That's okay Dana, I really wasn't that interested in the game."

"Oh, but I insist. You only have about 30 minutes before Jenny closes 
so you better hurry. I can't wait to see you in your little outfit, 
bye."

I cursed at myself for not having foreseen this possibility. I once 
again threw on my 'male' clothes and went to Jenny's. As I arrived I 
saw Jenny inside checking out a young lady. I entered the store as 
stealthily as I could.

"Hey, Joannie, I will be with you in a moment," Jenny practically 
shouted across the store. This caused the young lady Jenny was helping 
to turn around. As I saw her face I froze like a deer in headlights for 
it was Angie from the grocery store.

"Joannie?" she said with puzzlement on her face. "I thought your name 
was John."

"You know her?" Jenny inquired.

"What do you mean 'know her'? I thought she was a he? I am so 
confused."

"I can see your confusion," Jenny laughed. She was a he but now she is 
a she." Jenny went on to give Angie a quick summary of my situation.

"Well that makes sense now. Nice to meet you John, oh I mean Joannie."

I still stood there awestruck. The circle of people who knew who I was 
and now who I am was growing much more quickly than I could have ever 
imagined. 

"What can I help you with today, Joannie?" Jenny inquired.

"I need a cheerleader's outfit," I said in an almost inaudible voice.

"You want to be a cheerleader?" Angie piped in. "I think that's great. 
I was captain of my squad in high school and am on the team now in 
college. I would be happy to help you pick out an outfit."

"Thanks anyway, but I think I can pick out one myself. I don't want to 
trouble you any more than I already have today."

"Don't worry about it, you aren't any trouble. That thing at the store 
was actually quite exciting. I can't tell you how boring it normally is 
working there."

"Hey girls, let me lock up the store and then we can pick out an outfit 
for Joannie," Jenny said.

Jenny proceeded to bring out a several outfits for me to try on. When I 
went to change into the first one I heard Angie gasp.

"Oh my, Joannie. You really do have your dick...I mean your former dick...I 
mean your genitals... I mean your... I don't know what I mean, but whatever 
is locked up behind there it appears that it won't be coming off soon."

I tried on many outfits and Jenny and Angie decided on a yellow top 
with powder blue pants. Angie also came up with the bright idea to put 
my name across the back of my little pants like they did in high 
school. So Jenny went in back and got out the letters 'j o a n n i e' 
and proceeded to press them on the back of my powder blue pants with a 
hot iron. I was then outfitted with pom poms and sent on my way. I 
arrived back at my house and moments later the phone rang.

"Hello Joannie. I just got a call from Jenny and she told me all about 
your trip to her store. It was so nice of Angie to help you out. You 
will have to write her a little thank you card for all that she did. 
Now let's see your little outfit. Go stand in front of the camera and 
do a little cheer for me."

I went in front of the camera as told and said, "Give me a B, Give me a 
U, Give me L...What does that spell? BULLDOGS!" I said this as I jumped 
up and down the best I could. I had used Bulldogs for it was the name 
of the mascot at Angie's school. 

"Very nice Joannie, although you could use a little work on your 
cheers, but not bad for a start. With a little help and hard work I am 
sure you will become a very good cheerleader."

I don't know what she had in mind by all that but at this point I was 
too tired and humiliated to care.

"You may now go back and finish watching you game."

"The game is over Dana."

"I'm sorry that you missed your little game. But at least the next time 
you want to watch a game you will be all prepared in your cute little 
outfit. So why don't you keep on studying then and then get ready for 
bed. I will talk to you tomorrow. Goodnight, Joannie."

I sulked a little about missing the game but that was the least of my 
troubles. I still had very much to memorize if I wanted to avoid a week 
with her siblings.

I woke up Monday morning relieved, at least, that I did not have to do 
my chores. I got ready for work and arrived at the office in time to 
run into Laurie.

"Hi, John. How are you feeling? I hope you are doing better?"

I had to think for a second what she was talking about, but then I 
remembered that I had told her I was sick last Friday. "I am doing much 
better, thank you."

"I know this is a little early to ask," Laurie said, "but would you 
like to do something this weekend?"

"I can't," I blurted out before I knew what I was saying.

"That's okay," Laurie said in a very dejected and embarrassed way. "I 
guess I'll see you around John."

"I'm sorry Laurie. I didn't mean to talk to you like that. I just have 
a lot on my mind. I have to go out of town this weekend and visit a 
friend who is ill. How about doing lunch this week? I am sure I could 
talk the boss into letting us have an afternoon off."

"Well, I don't know."

"Please Laurie," I begged.

"Okay, that will be great."

"How about this Thursday? I am taking off Friday so I can visit my 
friend."

"Thursday sound great. I have to run now. I will talk to you later."

I now had figured out a way to see Laurie without Dana being none the 
wiser. The rest of this day went by without incident. When I arrived 
home, after having tanned, Dana called to see how I was doing on my 
task. She had me stand in front of the camera with only a pair of 
yellow panties and matching bra and recite the first chapter. She was 
pleased with my progress and told me to keep up the good work. The rest 
of the week was as uneventful as my life has been these past couple of 
weeks. Thursday finally arrived and I convinced the boss to let Laurie 
and I off at 1:00. I now had the rest of the afternoon to spend with 
Laurie. We went to lunch downtown at an upscale restaurant.

"John, this is a very nice place. I have often walked by, but I have 
never been inside."

"Laurie, this is one of my favorite restaurants. I hope you like it."

"I love it. I am glad that we finally got together. John you are one 
busy person. I was beginning to think that you were avoiding me."

"Oh no, Laurie. I have just been busy. I like that we have time to 
spend together."

"I thought maybe you weren't interested in getting into a relationship 
with someone having just broken up with your girlfriend. You guys are 
broken up, aren't you?"

"Oh yeah. Dana and I are no longer together. In Dana's eyes I don't 
even exist." Little did Laurie know how true that was. To Dana only 
Joannie existed.

As we continued to eat lunch we made small talk about ourselves. After 
lunch Laurie asked if I would mind if we ran by the store. She said she 
needed to pick out some new clothes. We went to a shopping strip and to 
my amazement and delight we went to a lingerie store, but thankfully 
one that was far away from Jenny's. 

"John, I hope you aren't uncomfortable going into a lingerie store. I 
know some guys wouldn't be caught dead in one. I just need to pick out 
a new swimming suit. If you don't mind maybe you can help me chose 
one."

"Laurie, I would love to."

We went inside and walked over to where there were a number of suits. 

"John, do you like one piece suits or bikini's?"

"I like them both I said with glee."

"I guess I'll have to try on several then," she said teasingly.

When Laurie walked out of the dressing room wearing this black one- 
piece suit I saw an angel. She looked absolutely stunning.

"Do you like it John?"

I was speechless and just stood there looking at her. "Earth to John. 
Do you like it?" Laurie said as she stared at me knowing that she had 
me in the palm of her hand.

"It is lovely, and so are you."

Laurie began to giggle and then without warning I winced in pain.

"Are you alright John," Laurie said with concern.

"I just need to use the bathroom." I

I almost ran to the corner of the store and jumped in the bathroom. My 
groin was killing me. This damn chastity belt was cutting into my now 
throbbing and hard cock.. Not only did the belt prevent access and 
orgasm, it also discouraged arousal. The more I thought of Laurie 
dressed in that suit the more I grimaced in pain. I had to try to 
distract myself and before I knew it I found myself reciting the Vagina 
Monologues. After about five minutes I walked out of the restroom and 
returned to Laurie telling her it must have been something I ate.

"I'm so sorry, John. Would you like to leave?"

"That's alright, Laurie. I think I will be fine."

Laurie tried on a number of other suits and it took all my strength and 
effort to focus upon something other than how absolutely hot and sexy 
she was. Laurie finally decided upon the black one-piece suit, the one 
that literally made me fall to my knees. She also picked out a few 
other pieces of lingerie. Thankfully she didn't try these on first. My 
dick would not have survived. 

"That will be $123.87 Mam," the clerk politely said.

"I must have forgotten my wallet at home," Laurie embarrassingly said 
as she searched through her purse to no avail. "I am sorry, I will have 
to leave these here until I can return with my wallet."

"That's silly Laurie. I can put those on my credit card."

"John you don't have to do that."

"I want to. It's the least I can do for you after I nearly ruined our 
afternoon a few moments ago with my bathroom episode."

"John you don't have to but I appreciate it. I will pay you back on 
Monday."

Laurie and I left the store. I drover her back to the office to get her 
car and told her that I would see her on Monday. As I watched Laurie 
drive away I felt a pain beginning to form in my crotch as I pictured 
her in the lingerie I had bought for her.

After dropping Laurie off I ran by the tanning salon and ran into 
Stephanie who seemed to be in a better mood than usual. I asked her why 
she was so happy today and she merely responded "just because". I 
thought there was more to it than that but I didn't want to push the 
issue. As I was about to lie down in the bed the door opened and 
Stephanie peered in.

"Joannie, your tan is looking great!"

"What are you doing in here," I shouted.

"Oh, calm down. You act as though another girl has never seen you 
naked. I just wanted to see how your tan lines were coming along and I 
see they are doing just great, and your 'slut Joannie' on your stomach 
is now very readable. I think you look cute. I wish I had someone like 
you to play with. See ya later Joannie," Stephanie giggled as she 
closed the door.

After tanning I returned home and quickly changed into my home attire 
before Dana called and checked on me. When the phone rang I was reading 
the Vagina Monologues.

"Good girl, Joannie. I see you are studying your book. I am very 
pleased with the progress you made this week. You are becoming a fine 
young woman. I won't keep you - I just wanted to tell you to keep up 
the good work.. Oh ya, there is one more thing. Tomorrow morning I want 
you to go to a rental car agency and rent for the weekend the nicest 
car they have, preferably a Rolls Royce, but I doubt that will be 
possible, so I will settle for a BMW or Mercedes or a large Cadillac. 
Be sure to have it at your place by 2:00 p.m. I'll talk to you later 
Joannie, bye."

What was Dana cooking up now? I hesitated to even think what her little 
mind was scheming - I am sure it was nothing good. After eating a late 
dinner I called around to several rental car companies and found one 
that leased upscale cars. I decided on a 740 BMW, which was not cheap. 
For the weekend, Fri-Sun, it was going to cost $400.00. I went to bed 
after changing into my nightie and fell off to sleep dreading what this 
weekend would bring.

Shortly after taking a shower and shaving the phone rang and of course 
it was Dana.

"Good morning, Joannie. Isn't it a lovely morning?"

"Yes Dana, it is lovely." I have learned that it is best to at least 
act as though everything is wonderful.

"Joannie, I am glad that you feel that way for the rest of today, and 
even this entire weekend will even be better. Did you find us a car?"

"Yes, Dana. I found a 740 BMW."

"Purrrrrrfect! Sometimes I just enjoy purring like a cat. It must be 
the pussy in me. Don't you just love it to?"

"Dana I must say that I have never purred."

"Well that's a shame girl. You've got a pussy now, albeit not a real 
one, but for all practical purposes you are a woman so use what you 
got. Let me hear a purr from my pussycat."

"Dana I don't think I can do that."

"Joannie, it is such a wonderful morning and you really don't want to 
ruin it now do you? If you won't purr for me then I guess I'll have you 
purr for my brothers and sisters on that vacation I mentioned before."

"No Dana that's okay I think I can get a purrrrr out of my pussy for 
you. Purrrrr, purrrr, purrrr."

"Now that wasn't so hard was it?"

"No Dana, it wasn't."

"Joannie I know you just went to the tanning salon yesterday but I want 
you to go again this morning. I don't think you will get burnt, you 
have a pretty good base tan already. After you finish tanning run by 
and pick up the rental car and then come back to your place. I will see 
you later, bye."

I went to the Tanning salon but Stephanie wasn't working this morning, 
which was such a relief. Maybe the gods were going to smile on me today 
after all. After tanning I went by the rental car place and picked up 
the BMW, which really was a very nice car. One could quickly get use to 
such luxury and pampering. As I was driving home I let myself dream of 
my previous life before Dana exacted her revenge. I was jolted out of 
that peaceful dream by the sight of Dana's car in my driveway. I parked 
the car and when I entered the front door I was floored by what I saw!

"Welcome home Joannie. I hope you don't mind that I invited a few of 
your new friends over. These are all the women that you have met since 
becoming Joannie. Jill from the restaurant, Jenny from the lingerie 
store, Stephanie from the tanning salon and Angie from the grocery 
store."

I was speechless. It was one thing meeting these women outside of my 
house. I could at least psychologically pretend that they were somehow 
separated from me and reality, but seeing them all in my house at the 
same time shattered any remaining illusions that I might have had that 
this was all just a bad dream.

"Joannie, aren't you going to say hello?"

"Hi," was all I could muster.

"I am sorry ladies," Dana said "he is usually more talkative than 
this."

"You have a very lovely house Joannie," Jill said.

"Can we see the rest of it?" Stephanie asked.

I didn't know what to say or do. Here I was in a situation that was so 
far removed from any reality I ever envisioned that I was dumbfounded.

"I am sure that Joannie would love to give you the grand tour, wouldn't 
you?" Dana asked ask she glared at me with the eyes that seem to say 
you better say 'yes' or something much worse will befall you.

"I would love to show you around," I said after a few more moments of 
hesitation. "Here is my kitchen..."

"Joannie, aren't you forgetting something?" Dana asked.

"Dana I don't know what you are talking about. Would you like me to 
start somewhere else?"

"Joannie starting in the kitchen is fine with me but aren't you 
forgetting something first?"

"Dana, I still don't know what you are talking about. Do you..." and at 
that moment it struck me. I was inside my house and still dressed like 
a man. "Dana please let me..." I was interrupted before I could finish.

"Joannie you know the rules. Don't make me embarrass you in front of 
all your friends," Dana said in her always reserved and calm voice.

"What are you girls talking about?" Angie asked.

"Why don't you let Angie and all the other girls know what we are 
discussing Joannie," Dana said.

"When I am home I must be dressed like the woman I am," I said with 
utter embarrassment. "I must be dressed in feminine clothing, wear 
make-up and paint my finger and toe nails."

"Joannie why don't you run along and do that while me and the girls 
chat," Dana commanded. "And why don't you wear your pink panties and 
bra, white stockings and garter along with your 4" black heels."

As I left to get ready I could hear all the girls giggle to themselves. 
I went into my room and got ready as instructed. I returned to the 
living room in my new attire walking very slowly thanks to the high 
heels that I have not yet mastered. 

"Joannie, you are beautiful." Jill said with amazement.

"Joannie, please pull down your panties for a second so we can see your 
tan line," Stephanie asked.

I looked over to Dana for instructions but she just nodded indicating 
that I better do as I was asked. I lowered my panties and all the girls 
were impressed with my tan.

"Joannie, I think I am jealous," Angie said.

"I especially like the 'slut Joannie' across the belly," Jill said.

"I thought that would be a nice touch," Dana said "it helps to remind 
her who and what she is."

"Can we see the rest of the house," Jenny asked.

I continued the tour as quickly as I could in these damn high heels and 
eventually I came to the room I most dreaded, my bedroom. As I opened 
the door and led the women in I know my face was redder than the 
panties I was wearing.

"This is adorable," Angie sighed.

"I wish my room was this nice," Jill said in an envious voice.

"I am sure Joannie would help you with your room if you like," Dana 
interjected.

"Are you for real?" Jill said.

"Of course she would, wouldn't you Joannie?" Dana said as she glanced 
toward me.

"I would love to Jill." I said for it was my only safe answer.

"Whose your favorite band?" Stephanie asked.

"NSYNC," I said as I looked to Dana for prompting.

"I see you have a big picture of Justin Timberlake on your wall," Jenny 
said. "Do you like him?"

"Yes, I like Justin." I couldn't believe those words came out of my 
mouth.

"It's a good thing that he and Britney just broke up or she would have 
been jealous," Stephanie said laughingly.

The girls continued to comment on my room for what seemed like an 
eternity. Dana then suggested that we all go back into the living room 
and get comfortable. 

"Joannie is there anything you would like to ask us?" Dana said after 
everyone was comfortably seated.

"Would you all care for something to drink?" I politely inquired.

"That would be great" chimed from around the room.

"What would you like to drink? I have tea, soda..."

"Joannie, are you forgetting something again?" Dana asked.

"Please excuse me for a moment ladies." This time I knew exactly what 
Dana was hinting at. She wanted me to change into my French Maid's 
outfit before serving the women. I went into my room to change and when 
I came out wearing my new outfit I could see the glimmer of pride in 
Stephanie's eye knowing that she had helped me pick this outfit.

"Ladies what would you like to drink? I have tea, soda, coffee, juice, 
milk and bottled water."

"Joannie, if you ever give up your job I think I can get you a job as a 
waitress at the place I work," Jill said. "Dressed like that you would 
make a fortune in tips."

After having taken all of their orders and serving their drinks Dana 
motioned for me to come and sit next to her. I promptly did as I was 
told and even crossed my legs as a woman should.

"You girls all know why you are here, and now I would like to fill 
Joannie in on our big surprise. Joannie you and I, along with Jenny, 
Angie, Stephanie and Jill are going to go on a road trip this weekend. 
I have already booked the hotel and made all the arrangements. We are 
going to leave in a little bit and will be returning Sunday afternoon."

"Where are we going?" I inquired in disbelief.

"Not far, just a four hour ride away. We are going to the big city! 
Joannie you will love it," Dana said with a broad smile upon her face.

Unbeknownst to me all the girls had already packed what they needed for 
this weekend getaway and Dana had already packed a bag for me. It 
scared me to think what Dana included in my suitcase but I am sure that 
I would find out in due time. After having put on my 'male' clothes 
over my lingerie Dana had me load all the luggage in the BMW and then 
we all got in and pulled away. It was now clear why we needed such a 
large car and why Stephanie wasn't at the tanning salon this morning. I 
had thought the gods were smiling upon me, but in reality they were 
just mocking me.

We drove for four hours, stopping only once to use the restroom, before 
we arrived at the Hilton. It was a very, very nice hotel - 4 stars! 
Dana had reserved 2 adjoining suites, on my credit card of course, 
which could become one giant suite if the door in the middle was 
opened. The young male clerk who checked us in must have thought that I 
was the luckiest man on the face of the earth being here with 5 young, 
beautiful woman, but what should have been paradise was far from it. We 
went to our rooms and settled in.

"Joannie, we are all going to be going out this evening. But first we 
all have to get ready. It will most likely take a few hours for all of 
us girls to get ready. We will get you ready last so while we are 
getting ready why don't you just sit here in this chair and watch us as 
we get ready. Maybe you will learn a few pointers on how women get 
ready to go out for the evening."

Dana placed a chair near the door separating the suites and told me to 
remove my male clothing and just sit there in my undergarments while 
they all got ready. As soon as I sat down Angie kicked off her shoes 
and removed her jeans right in front of me revealing her tight, 
perfectly round, thong-clad ass. Dana must have been waiting for this 
for she immediately commented on my shocked expression.

"Joannie, don't look so shocked," Dana said, "girls always get 
undressed and dressed in front of other girls. We were comfortable 
being around you in your undies so I am sure you won't mind being 
around us while we change. Just sit back and act as though this an 
everyday occurrence, for it is in the life of girls."

As Dana spoke I continued to watch Angie get undressed. She then pulled 
her shirt over her head revealing her rather petite breasts under a 
matching yellow bra. I was struck by how toned and firm her young, 
athletic body was. When she bent over to pick up her jeans I could see 
her pussy straining against her little yellow thong. As she began to 
walk away I saw her give me a quick little wink. I wasn't sure if it 
was because she considered me one of the girls, or if it was sign 
letting me know that I will never have her body as a man. I was 
hypnotized by her ass swaying as she rounded the corner into the 
bathroom.

Jill was taller than Angie and not as athletic or toned, but no less 
beautiful. When she unzipped her dress and let it fall to the floor I 
noticed she was wearing a simple pair of cotton panties and bra. She 
then removed the bra and panties standing naked in front of me except 
for a pair of white tennis shoes. Her breasts were taut and perfect. 
When she knelt down in front of me to pick up her dress I could see her 
pussy lips protruding forward and I let out a little sigh. Jill just 
smiled at me and walked away.

Stephanie was also a goddess. When she took off her jeans and shirt she 
was wearing nothing at all underneath. I was immediately struck by how 
beautifully tan her body was. Her breasts and mound were powder white 
while the rest of her body was a golden bronze. She had the outline of 
a butterfly below her waist where she had put a sticker before tanning. 
She noticed me staring at the butterfly and came over to show it to me. 
She lifted her right leg and placed in on my left knee and leaned 
forward giving me a better picture of the butterfly and her pussy as 
well. As she walked away I could still see that image frozen in my 
mind.

Jenny next removed her wrap around skirt revealing a pair of red boy 
panties, which really highlighted her gorgeous ass. When she removed 
her top she had a matching red bustier. It was easy to see that she 
worked at a lingerie store for this was very expensive and nice 
underwear. Jenny, like all the other, made it a point to pick up their 
discarded clothes in front of me and then prance around the room.
Dana was the last to undress. Under her khaki pants she was wearing a 
pair lacy, latex panties and under her shirt was a matching bra. Dana 
knew that simple black was a very big turn on for me.

As the girls went about getting ready my eyes darted back and forth 
from each of the girls watching them as they strolled around scantily 
dressed if at all. The entire time I was dying on the inside and the 
outside. I really wanted just to jump their bones and fuck them all but 
I knew that was impossible. And to add insult to injury the more I 
stared and fantasized the more I suffered due to this damn chastity 
belt. At some points I was literally grasping the chastity belt in a 
vain attempt to stop the internal little spikes from poking my swollen 
cock.. But even the pain didn't completely stop me from staring. As 
soon as the pain would subside at all I would quickly glance back 
around the room. The girls didn't even realize that they were killing 
me just by going about minding their own business, or maybe they did 
realize what their beautiful bodies were doing to me and didn't care.

"Dana, may I please go somewhere else while all of you are getting 
ready?" I asked.

"Why would you want to do that Joannie?" Dana asked . "Don't you like 
being around us girls?"

"Dana, I think you are all gorgeous and that is just the problem. Every 
time I look at one of you I am in pain."

"Why is that Joannie?"

"You know why. The chastity belt digs into my dick." As soon as I said 
it I realized that this line of argument was silly, and even worse 
dangerous.

"Angie, Jill, Steph, Jen come here please," Dana politely called all 
the girls over. "Joannie here thinks we are 'killing' her.

"Why is that Dana?" Angie asked.

"She told me that her 'dick' hurts," Dana said.

"Her 'dick'," Jenny replied, "How is that possible. Women don't have 
'dicks' they have pussies."

"Well maybe Joannie here is reverting back to her old ways," Dana said. 
"Why don't we all show her what she has. Let's all lay in a circle 
around Joannie and show her our pussies. Maybe that will help her to 
remember what she has."

All the girls laid on the floor in front of me, spread their legs, 
pulled their panties to the side and revealed their splendid pussies. 
As I began to look away Dana addressed me.

"Joannie, don't look away. Don't you like to see your sisters' 
pussies?"

"Yes...mmmmm...I do.... mmmmm..." I said as I was really in pain now staring 
right at the cause of my discomfort. I had always dreamed what it would 
be like to be surrounded by a harem of beautiful women, but this is not 
what I intended. The more I looked the more I winced in pain. After 
about 5 minutes of torture Dana finally called off the assault.

"Come on girls, let's continue to get ready. Joannie, while we are 
getting ready why don't you recite the Vagina Monologues for us. It 
seems only appropriate that we celebrate the vagina since we all have 
one. 

As Dana, Angie, Jill, Stephanie and Jenny continued to get ready I 
stood in the doorway between the two suites reciting from memory the 
Vagina Monologues dying form embarrassment and the now continual pain 
in my own 'vagina'.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tweak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





