BDSM Library - A Year of Rape




A Year of Rape
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A terminally ill man decided to repay the system after the courts let a woman, who accidently killed his wife and unborn child, get away with a slap on the hand.  Part one deals with rapes that he commited in four months time.
A Year of Rape

I have been a widower for over two years now and I have no children. A drunken
bitch rammed into my pregnant wife's car killing her and my unborn child
instantly.  The bitch wasn't even injured, and she got away with a slap on her
hand from pleas of her husband!  What have I got out of it?  A grave that marks
the final resting-place of my wife and an empty house that I live in.  Now, I've
been informed from my doctor that I have less than eighteen months to live
thanks to cancer.  So, what do I have left to lose?   The judicial system failed
me.  It was pay back time.  Time to pay back the system in a year of rape!

I have been fantasizing about rape for years.  I never harmed any woman and most
of the time I've had satisfying sex with my wife.  Hidden away were fantasized
plans on raping women and among those was one on assaulting a realtor.  My
search began in May of 2002 and I kept a diary of my exploits.

Thursday May 23rd.  For most of the month I've been searching for a target in
the farm fields of a county that is a few hours away from my house.  I found a
beautiful realtor to rape.  I gave her a false name and contacted her through
e-mail at the library.  Unfortunately, I have not seen any homes that are
matched my rules.  However as I searched for a home that was for sale near a
hunting area in the middle of nowhere, I passed a park car with two teenagers. 
The fools should have never "skipped" school.  I have never fucked a teenager in
my life.  That is until today when I raped the 16-year old.

"Where is that damn house?".  I've been traveling on this gravel road for two
miles.  It looks like a great spot to rape the blond realtor that I have
contacted earlier, and I finally passed the house that I saw the sign that
mentioned it was for sale.  It was still being built and the increment weather
has made the yard a giant mud pit!  Even the builder's were not here working on
the house.  Perhaps in a few months when it's completed I can get a private tour
of the new house.  I traveled up the road further to locate a place where I
could turn around. I eventually passed a parked Ford Escort, and I noticed the
two passengers were teenaged blacks and they were hugging and kissing each
other.  They were probably skipping school for a private lesson in sex
education.  I pulled over into a hunting parking spot and pulled out my small
pistol and bag of ropes.

I walked among the medium to heavy brush and tree's keeping out of the line of
sight to the occupants of the car.  All the while I thought on what I would do. 
My heart was racing and pounding with my throat becoming dry.  I questioned
myself on whether or not I could do it.  As I came within a few feet of the car
I heard the girl raising her voice, "QUIT IT, JEROME!  KEEP YOUR HANDS OF MY
CHEST!"  Her voice became muffled from what sounded like a rough French Kiss
being forced upon her, but soon after a hard thump was made and she yelled
again, "I SAID STOP IT!"  The next few minutes were filled with yelling from
both of the teens.  Eventually their voices became calmer, and the girl gave new
rules to her boyfriend.  Kissing only, and he keep his hands on her back.  As
they embraced, I decided how I was going to have fun. Moving slowly and quietly
I moved to the driver's side door which had the window open.  I got up and
pointed the gun toward the kids.  The teenage girl seen me and screamed.  Her
boyfriend turned to face a pistol barrel pointed toward his face.

A smile appeared on my face with dark glasses hiding my eyes.  "Don't stop what
you are doing because of me.  From what I overheard, it sounds like you are not
getting what you want Jerome and you're going to let her give you rules?  Turn
around and look at her."  Jerome face filled with anger and he was about to say
something to me before I turned the gun toward his girl, "GO AHEAD AND TRY TO BE
A HERO BLACKIE!  IN DOING SO YOUR GIRLFRIEND WILL BE DYING FROM A BULLET IN HER
HEAD!  TURN THE FUCK AROUND AND LOOK AT THAT BITCH!" 

His girlfriend was wearing a plain sky blue blouse with blue jeans.  The sun
glistened off of her jet black shoulder length hair.  The chocolate skin of her
face is well taken care of with no acne scars or imperfections.  She was
breathing erratically and trembling from fear.  The dark brown lips could not
speak the words she was trying to say.  The gun turned back to the base of her
boyfriend's skull. Everything is going smoothly, and Jerome was going to get
what he wanted -- a naked girlfriend!  The girl told me her name when I asked
her. "Erica, you are not going to do a single thing.  You're not going to
scream, and you're not going to die -- as long as you do what you are told. 
Jerome, I know that you want to see your girlfriend's boobs!  The only way that
you are going to see them is to unbutton her blouse and that is what you're
going to do."  He first was hesitant. However, Erica took his hands up to her
blouse and as she fearfully cried, Jerome unbuttoned her blouse with his shaky
hands.  After her blouse was removed and since the blue brassier greeted his
eyesight Jerome moved his hand down to his crotch. "Your dick's getting hard? 
It's going to need room to grow after you take off that bra."

Soon after Erica became topless I had Jerome feasting on her young breast with
his hands and mouth.  "It's more fun when you have control of her isn't it
Jerome.  You have the weight and strength to control her.  Your dick is getting
so hard now no doubt."  I was enjoying the show from the car window.  I ordered
him to put Erica's hand into his pants so that she could feel the hardness.  "Do
you feel the uncontrollable animal urge Jerome?  The urge that teenage boys have
that make them want to fuck girls?  You know that you want to fuck Erica, and
all the time she has been pushing you away.  Rape the bitch Jerome!  Pull off
her jeans and panties and force yourself into that cunt!  FUCK HER OR SHE DIES!"
I was laughing as both of them wrestled with each other.  Jerome was succeeding
in pulling off the rest of Erica's clothing.  It's amazing what the power of
suggestion can do -- especially with a gun pointed at someone.  Jerome was in
her and fucking hard and fast.  As he slammed into her petite body, Erica was
bawling and not even putting up a fight.  Soon after he got into the virgin body
his black cannon fired the load that was stored.  But I wasn't finished with
this girl.

With the gun still pointing at Jerome he slowly stepped out of the car.  His
body was soaked with sweat as he pulled up his boxer's and pants outside the
car.  His girlfriend lay naked and limp on the front seat.  White fluid was
draining out of the black colored vaginal skin folds as she turned and folded
her body into a fetal position.  Jerome's mistake was to gaze at his
girlfriend's body, for he never seen the butt of the gun before it crashed into
his skull.  His body fell on the gravel road.  My previously erect dick was now
a soft sausage.  Going to the other side of the car I grabbed Erica's hair and
forced her face to my crotch and unzipped my pants to let the 40 year-old
sausage slip out.  She sucked it into her mouth as the barrel of the gun rested
on her forehead.  Her breasts were to my mercy as I touched and caressed the
large black nipples.  In Erica's mouth the dick reacted to the visual and
physical stimulations.

She screamed and fought as I dragged her out of the car.  What strength she had
was used up on her boyfriend and she was thrown face down on the car's hood
before I located her pussy with my erect dick.  Her screams turned into
uncontrollable wails as once again her womanhood is violated.  As my dick slid
out of the semen saturated pussy I decided to lock her into the trunk to escape
without her seeing my car.  However, Erica had other plans and she started to
run as I released my weight off of her.  I tackled her in the brush, and as she
started to scream she was silenced by a blow to the forehead by a rock. 

A blue Dodge conversion van pulled out of a parking space of dirt and mud.  With
me as it's driver it passed the red Ford and it's two unconscious occupants. 
The drive home would take over ninety minutes.  When I got home I searched the
newspapers that covered the area those kids were in.  As expected there was
nothing reported about an attack.

Tuesday, June 18th.  I finally found the house to rape the realtor in!  Our
appointment was set for Monday July 8.  I'm hoping to bring her home with me for
continued fun.  It's been a hot month so far.  Old cars sometimes can't handle
the extra stress with the heat.  Such a car had a student of Indiana University
driving it.  Fortunately for her a kind driver pulled over to help, but
unfortunately for her that driver is a rapist looking for his next victim.

Her car broke down from the heat on State Highway 135 when I passed it on a
ninety-degree afternoon.  She had the emergency flashers activated on the white
Honda Civic, so I turned around to see if I could be of some assistance.  The
driver was a pretty red head wearing a low cut neon orange one-piece swimsuit
with jean shorts cut off at the thighs.  Foolishly, the twenty some female
accepted a ride to a nearby gas station.  After she got into my van, a blow to
the forehead with a wooden handle of a hammer forced a change into her plans.

A few minutes after she lay unconscious on my lap I drove my conversion van into
a barely used county road.  The fastening of the college girl took only a few
extra minutes with the duct tape over her mouth and eyes, as well as ropes
holding her wrists together. The back of the swimsuit is opened down to the
upper hips.  Lifting the material down there I saw the crevice of her tight ass. 
I gawked over her tight cleavage of her breasts with light red freckles
overlying the non-tanned skin.  This area is not a good place to have fun with
my new victim.  But, an abandoned and opened military training ground nearby
would make a superior spot for us to be alone.  Then I can take her home with
me.

The vacated grounds are now used for hunters during autumn and spring.  During
summer the only ones who come here are lovers or nature enthusiasts.  I drove
into a shady and isolated spot in the forest to wait for her to wake up.  As the
coolness from my air conditioning blew upon her chest I watched the hardening
nipples imprinted their shape onto the fabric of the swimwear.  This bitch is
going to be delightful when I cut her summer attire off.  She finally came out
of her comatose state and went hysterical from the realization of her
predicament.

After she sat up into a sitting position I pulled her next to me and my hand
groped her left boob as I held her in place.  "You are not going anywhere except
here right by me.  I like the swimsuit that you are wearing.  No bra or panties
to slow me down from raping you once it come off.  And those nipples of yours! 
God, aren't they big!  Those things just want to bust out of your swimsuit!" 
She continued to struggle in a vain attempt to break free.  "I SAID YOU'RE NOT
GOING ANYWHERE!  So, you just need to wait until the time that your pussy and my
dick greet each other.  Until then you are mine to do whatever I'll want. 
Otherwise, I'll have no other choice other than killing you."  She stopped her
struggling with me, on the other hand she continued to tremble and cry.  Time is
on my side.  She knew that I'm going to rape her and she might be thinking that
it's going to happen soon, however I plan to make this a long wait for her.

After an hour of licking, kissing, and touching her exposed skin I pushed her
undone shorts off of her hips.  My fingers soon found there way into the hem of
her swimwear covering the pelvis.  As she vigorously shook her head I touched
the hairless split of her dry cunt before my fingers dug into the entrance.  By
that point the woman was fighting as hard as she could, and the only reward she
got out of that were deeper penetration and my other hand pushing itself into
the swimsuit top to grab the soft breast.  She relinquished to the finger rape
as her pussy was getting wet from the penetration and her nipple was as hard as
a rock.  Pulling my hands out of her swimsuit, they went up to her shoulder's
and forced her swimsuit top downward until her tits got exposed to the open air. 
My already hardened dick became harder when I saw those huge pink tits of hers.

Pinning her against the center of the seat I assaulted those enormous dark pink
nipples with my hands and my mouth.  Freckles mostly covered the milky white
breasts.  Around the hardening mountains were large valleys of similar colored
areola.  As the onslaught on her young boobs continued, I pulled my hot and hard
dick out of my pants.  It rested on her soft-athletic legs as semen seeped out
of the fissure. "I'M GOING TO FUCK YOU BITCH!  I'M GOING TO RAPE YOU IN THIS VAN
HERE AND NOW!  As expected she went into a full fighting mode as I pulled the
swimwear down past her hips.  Her kicking legs slowed the removal but nothing
was going to stop me from fucking this girl!

We both dropped onto the seat.  Her powerful legs fought my hands as they pulled
them apart.  As her feet pounded the van's driver side window, the easy
penetration of my natural cannon into her pussy was achieved.  The rhythm
slammed her head onto the inside of the passenger door.  As the rape continued
her body spasmed and shuddered violently.  "Having an orgasm already woman?". 
Her body remained limped even as I blasted her cavity with my milk.

After a few minutes passed I checked what I found out as a non-existent pulse. 
I quickly removed the duct tape off of her eyes and mouth.  Vomit spilled out of
her mouth, and her eyes did not react to the light.  Soon after piss came out of
her uncontrolled bladder.  She was dead.  Drowned with her vomit.  Seeing that
no one was around I dragged the dead body into thick brush.

For the first time I was trembling with fear.  I accidentally killed her, and
what's worse my DNA is now within her pussy.  I needed to destroy it.  Running
on fear I ransacked my van trying to find something that would eliminate any
evidence.  I found a jar of honey under one of the back seats.  I trembled as I
removed the cap from the partly solid condiment, and I quickly stumbled to the
dead girl.  The outer lips of her pussy was layered with the golden brown honey
and extra flowed into the interior of the milky cavern.  That should be an
incentive to any insects or animals.

I got back into the van.  Her torn swimsuit and purse was scattered on the
footboard.  Those would need to be hidden at my house until later.  From the cab
I could not see her body.  The elements and animals will hopefully consume the
stiff.  My body continued to tremble as I pulled out onto the road that leads me
out of the hunting area.  The following two weeks was controlled by fear over
me.

Monday, July 8th.  It's been almost three weeks since 22 year-old Patty
Williamson died.  The police found her car and to this date her body has not
been found.  I suspect that hunters will locate it this autumn.  If not, then
I'll give a tip to the "Crime Stoppers".  I'm finally getting over the shock of
what happened.  My work associates misjudged my nervousness and lack of sleeps
as cancer or drug related.  Every time a police car passed me on the road I get
feeling of doom -- half way expecting them to pull me over and arrest me.  But,
that never happened.  I did check on the remains the other day.  The foul stench
was the first thing I noticed, and when I located what's left of her I found
that nature has indeed took care of her with the mostly skeletal remains and
hair was all that was left.  I realized several mistakes that I made and kept
notes of them.

I've rented a car to see the realtor, and located a route to home that will keep
me out of population areas.  It will add thirty minutes to the trip.  However,
it's the safest.  My appointment is at 9:00 AM and I plan to be home before
noon.

The location of my next assault was perfect!  A two story home over a basement
on a long driveway that is off a gravel road.  The house is vacant and
surrounded by trees.  I deliberately was late to the appointment.  The silver
Chevrolet Impala that I was driving was parked behind the realtor's PT Cruiser. 
We met in the driveway with my dark sunglasses and fake beard on.  The "Remax"
realtor was wearing an appropriate summer maternity dress on.  The beige dress
covered her shoulders and had a small yet loose neckline.  It came down to her
knees, and dark brown panty hose covered the legs.  The pregnancy gave me an
ideal on how to control her.  After we shook hands, she turned around and walked
toward the house.  My pants pocket had the hidden saturated tampon of ether in a
plastic bag.  Before she unlocked the house she was laying in my arms with the
tampon over her mouth.  Unlike the last girl, the realtor only had her eyes
taped shut and her wrists bound in front.  We left the house with her on my lap.

As I drove home on my pre-planned route I couldn't resist the urge to slide my
hand down into her dress to feel one of her breast.  After touching the upper
portion of the right boob I continued to slide under the brassier cup to fell
the warm and soft nipple.  Naturally, my dick started to get hard, and my
attention to her sensual body caused me to drive off the road!  I managed to get
re-control of the car before I almost crashed into a power line pole.  "You can
play with her tits later on today Mark."  I talked to myself, "because it won't
do you any good if you have an accident and the police find her in here!" 
Thirty-five minutes into the drive the realtor awoke from her chemical induced
sleep. "What's happening?  Why can't I see or move my hands?", was her first
understandable words.

I never answered her questions.  Instead, I switched on the radio to a country
and western station and increased the volume.  The bitch continued to ask
questions and begging for answers, until finally she started to cry in fear. 
About twenty minutes from home I told her what she feared most, "You have been
kidnapped and you will be held as a hostage until I decide to release you.  You
and your child will not be harmed  -- as long as you cooperate.  If you refuse
to do what I tell you then your unborn child will never be born alive!"  The
girl cried to me, "NO, PLEASE DON'T HURT MY CHILD!  I'll...do whatever you want
me to do, just don't hurt my child -- it's my first one!"  I continued to drive
without saying a word.  She asked many questions during the drive, and as I
pulled into my attached garage she asked a question that was brought up more
than once, "Are you going to rape me?".  The answer came after I rested my hand
on her left breast, "only if you refuse to fuck me when, where, or how I demand
to fuck you."

She was pushed and guided into my home, then I threw her on the floor.  My first
order to her was not to say a word unless I tell her to do so.  The time was a
little after noon and I was going to let her wait in fear on what will happen. 
The afternoon hours passed and as the clock reached three I went to the prisoner
to have some more fun with her fear.  As I unbound her wrists I warned her that
no matter what I decide to do she was not to move.  Soon after I slowly pushed
the bottom of her dress upward past her panties.  Just above the red briefs her
belly swelled from the unborn child.  Already the stretch marks started to form
as her navel was still embedded in the snow-white skin.  As she cried, I pulled
the panties down enough to see the forest of black pubic hair.  Just the sight
of her pussy hair made my dick swell, and I undone my pants and let it drop on
the floor.  After ordering the realtor to get on her knees I forced her to suck
me.  The methods of her sucking showed me right away that she was no amateur to
the art of eating a man's dick, and I never had it this hard before.

"Very good bitch!  Keep following instructions and you'll be back home to your
own man before you know it.  But before you do that, you and I need to get to
know each other better.  Stand up and remove your panties because I want to fuck
you where it really counts."  I moved to a recliner as she removed the hose and
panties.  I positioned her so that she had her back towards me and I sat on the
recliner with my dick stood like a tree waiting for that soft pussy.  "Come on
back a few feet missy and guide my dick into your pussy."  Soon the warm sultry
cavern of her womanhood surrounded my dick, and as it penetrated deeper into her
the tightness gave way to a warmer cavern.  Her soft and fleshy ass nestled
itself upon my bulging belly.  To my disappointment she just sat there, "what
are you waiting for?  I told you that I wanted to fuck you and not just stick my
dick in you.  Unless you want me to screw your ass hole instead?"  Immediately,
she rocked with me in her.  Using my guidance she moved slowly at first, and I
finally learned her name as Amy.

"I think that you should call your husband Amy after we are finished.  That way
he'll know that you have been kidnapped and fucked.  Do you think that he'll be
pissed off at me?  Move faster bitch, this feel so damn good!"  Her breasts were
being held hard as she moved.  She matched my thrusts into her and she knew when
I was finished delivering my milk.  Collapsing back onto the recliner I pulled
her back with me keeping my swollen manhood secured inside of her.

 With her cellular phone next to me I dialed her husband's office number that
she gave me.  "Hello Mr. Williams, I got your wife with me against her will and
I just fucked that luscious pussy of hers!  Here, you can talk to her."  The
phone was handed back to her and I continued to fondle her body as she cried to
her husband.  Unfortunately my dick shrunk in size and slid out of her.  She
told him what I've done to her and what I was doing at the time.  I grabbed the
phone from her as she continued her sobbing.  "Your wife will return home after
I finished with her.  We still have many hours of being together and I so
enjoyed fucking her.  I'm going to fuck her ass hole before sunset."  Her
husband Joe was yelling and cursing me through the phone.  "Mr. Williams, this
will be the last time until tomorrow that you'll hear your wife's sweet voice
because I'm turning the phone off until then.  Until then I suggest that you get
a Global Positioning Unit before tonight because you are going to need it to
find your wife in the morning.  Don't be too concerned about Amy; I'll keep your
wife happy and content for you."  With that I closed the phone and turned it
off.  "Get off of me Amy and get your panties back on."  Getting up, she turned
around towards me, "Can I at least use the toilet first?"  I guided her to the
restroom and helped her down on the seat.  She continued to talk as she pissed
while I stood in the doorway watching her, "Are you really going to rape me in
my butt hole, and how long are you going to keep me here?"  I laughed at her; "I
really hate fucking ass holes with all that shit sticking on my dick.  Perhaps
you'll be free before sunset, or perhaps you'll stay with me until your child is
born."  She remained quiet after that comment.

Hours have passed and it was now near 6:30 PM.  Amy sat on a couch that is
directly across from the chair that I fucked her in.  Her face followed my
movements in the room and adjoining room from what I figured was the sounds I
made.  I figured a new game in which perhaps she thinks she could escape.  After
opening and closing the door to the garage I quietly walked back to the family
room where she was.  After a few moments Amy asked if I was around, and silence
was her answer.  She started to do exactly what I hoped she would.  She started
to try to unwrap the duct tape around her eyes.  By the time she heard my
movements it was too late, as I shoved her on the couch and started to rip off
her earth tone dress starting at the shoulder's.

The private location of my home eased the fears that someone would hear Amy's
scream.  She attempted to fight the forced removal of her dress, but her
struggling only caused the dress to rip more.  Soon only her underwear and panty
hose were left on, and again she found that I once again was penetrating her
private vaginal cavern.  My hands grasped around her neck as I raped her and I
got more excited as I watched the boobs shake in the yellow nursing brassier,
and as I rested from delivering my package her unborn child replied from small
kicks.  As Amy wailed from the assault her bra was ripped off of her chest.  The
large milk gorged breasts seeped clear fluids at the large dark brown nipples. 
Getting out of her my full attention put me onto her breasts.  Her wails were
joined with pleas and begging as my fingers located her clitoris.  After about
fifteen or twenty minutes her hands were clasping hard on the couch as her body
arched to the waves of unwanted pleasure.

The couched was soaked from the fluids that drained out of her pussy.  As I
moved away from her Amy curled on the couch.  Her exposed wet pussy was the
subject to my digital camera.  The rest of her naked body later entered my
camera's electronic eye after I forced her to sit.  The camera's memory was
filled with close up images of her breasts and nipples as well as her black
haired pussy.

The setting sun marked the end of the day and I took her into the shower for a
delightful soapy lubrication of all the crevices and hills of her body.  She in
turn took my soapy dick into her mouth and kept in there as I dumped a small
load of semen into it.  We went to bed in the nude around 10 PM and I set the
alarm to 3 AM.  Amy found herself trapped by my arms and legs in bed, and around
midnight a sensual dream gave me a hard on.  Amy was awaken and forced to stand
on her hands and knees as I once again violated her, but this time her swinging
breasts were held in place.  To my surprised the erection stayed up and I forced
the wet muscle into her anus.  Amy screamed as her virgin asshole became a new
entrance, and although I had no semen left I enjoyed fucking the much tighter
hole.  After I was finished with her she whimpered the final hours of her stay. 
At 3:30 AM, the very nude Amy was once again directed to the car.

We went to a state park that had a trail near the highway. Once I parked the car
I guided her into the woods.  Amy told me her home phone number and I once again
got her hubby on the phone.  I figured that the police might have been there as
well, so I let Amy talk to her hubby as I activated my GPS unit to find the
precise location.  I wrote the longitude and latitude on a piece of paper and
duct taped it to her heavy black pubic hair. The muggy air was a haven for
thousands of biting mosquitoes, and a nude pregnant female was a prime target
for the hungry mosquitoes.  As she slapped her body on the biting insects I took
the phone from her, "I hope you got that GPS unit Joe because the position your
wife is at now is taped to her pussy.  She's being eaten alive by mosquitoes
since she's naked, and once she removes the duct tape off of her eyes then she
can tell you the position.  I'll give the phone back to her.  I really enjoyed
raping her!"

I kissed her left tit before I left.  "It was nice knowing you Amy.  The house
is not what I was looking for; perhaps we can see another one later.  You can
remove the tape off of your eyes and hair anytime and tell your hubby where you
are."  I floored the gas pedal as soon as I got back into the car.  Two weeks
later I called the home phone number that Amy gave me.  She answered.  After she
heard my voice she hanged up the phone.

Friday, August 30th.  I almost gave up trying to find someone to rape this
month.  About a week ago though I was driving along a county road early in the
morning when I passed a jogger wearing an exercise bra and slacks.  I pulled
over in front of her acting like my van broke down, however she immediately
turned around and I lost my opportunity to rape her.  But only temporary because
this morning I found an entrance into a field and the mature corn stocks hid the
van...

I've been in this spot for over an hour and no car has been through yet.  The
orange sun is just rising over the fog-covered cornfields.  The spot was a rare
one being between two county roads a mile apart and no nearby houses.  It had to
be a fast rape since I needed to be at work soon.  I was about to leave when I
heard the rapid succession of steps on the road.  The jogger was approaching. 

I passed her on the road about a week ago.  A mature woman wearing a black Nike'
sports bra and a matching slacks. My first attempt to try to rape her failed. 
This time it would be no failure. The side door to my conversion van was open as
I listened to the steadily louder steps.  She passed my hiding spot wearing the
same sports bra and also had on tight black shorts.  She looked athletic enough
to put up a fight, but she must be getting fatigued from the humidity and the
building heat.  Her ears were covered by earphones and didn't hear me running to
her.  Only by a turn of her head when she finally seen me but it was too late as
she was broadsided by my tackle.  Both of us crashed into a field of corn.

The jogger fought hard and screamed instantly.  As I first attempted to pull of
her shorts her fists and legs were striking viciously making me more frustrated
and angry.  The face of my victim did not show fear but anger.  Red toned and
shouting, cussing and screaming as my weight kept her down.  My fist struck hard
across her face a few times but they had little effect on her.  I needed to
somehow get her succumbed.  The ripping of her sports bra only made her more
intense as I couldn't even grab a hold of those small boobs with small brown
nipples.  One of her legs got beneath me and she kicked me off of her.  That is
when I seen a palm sized rock on the soil.  I grabbed the rock with my right
hand and grabbed her leg with the other hand.  Already standing up the jogger
continued to scream, but my hold was so tight she stumbled on the pavement,
which gave me the opportunity again to pull off her shorts.

She turned over to grab the shorts that were down to her calves.  The bikini
trimmed pubic hair was thin with the opening of her pussy easily seen as she
kicked her legs.  Once again she was dragged back into the field.  She grabbed a
hold of tree saplings in a vain attempt to remain in the open.  That move only
caused her shorts to come off completely.  Free of her shorts she once again
attempted to escape only to be stopped as I climbed on top of her back with my
dick jabbing in between her legs.  She fought even more by grabbing my hair and
scratching me.  This has gone far enough for I wanted to fuck this bitch.

She seen the rock coming downward and attempted to block the blows with her
arms.  The base of her neck was in the open as I struck it hard.  Her resistance
started to be neutralized as another blow went to her head.  This time the angry
face was replaced by one of torment and pain as tears came down.  Her shoulder
length blonde hair was being covered with blood and she didn't resist as I
rolled her over. "Erin, I need your help." She cried to someone who wasn't
there.  The torn black bra was still on her as I pulled her legs apart.  I
forced myself into her dry and tight cunt as she begged me not to rape her.  It
was difficult to penetrate deeper into the inner regions as I pumped and pushed
harder into her, and as I ejected my milk the extra lubrication gave me the
final penetration that I needed into the warmer reaches.

Finished with the rape I got out and off of her and left the bitch lying on the
ground.  "YOU SON OF A BITCH!", was yelled at me before she threw a large stone
that hit the side of my head.  I turned around and seen the bitch moving toward
me with a large portion of a tree branch that she found.  Her first attempt to
strike me with it was easily blocked and the twisting of her wrist caused the
branch to fall on the ground.  The branch broke in half after I hit her across
the chest before her body collapsed. "THOUGHT YOU COULD STOP ME BITCH!  YOU ARE
A FUCKIN STUPID WHORE!  YOU WANT TO GET UP AND COME AFTER ME AGAIN BITCH!" What
was left of the branch was slammed hard onto her back, "GET YOUR ASS OFF THE
GROUND AND FIGHT COWARD!"  She gave up anymore attempts to fight.  My right foot
kicked her pussy hard enough to break the skin.  She was dragged back into the
cornfield and I never saw her come out of the field as I drove off to work.  The
late afternoon paper mentioned the brutal rape of the jogger and asked for any
information from the public.  The problem was that only the jogger and myself
were out there.


END OF PART I




Monday September 16th.

      For about two months I have been in contact with an e-mail pen pal from
Kentucky.  She is 22 years old, single, and live with her mother.  I told her
that I was 25 years old, and she had seen my face on the web cam, which had
supported the lie of true older age.  I have finally able to have a date with
her without her mother ever seeing me; it would be the last date she ever
accepted.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     The day is a perfect day for hiking with mild temperatures; a slight
breeze; and partly cloudy skies.  I met my Internet friend Colleen at her house
whiles her mother was at work.  During our discussions over the Internet I found
out a few things about her.  Her ex-boyfriend was the last and only man she had
sexual activities with, and they parted ways after a huge argument.  She enjoys
the freedom of her breasts moving so she never wore a brassier.  When it comes
to sex, Colleen is not interested in doing it with me currently.  However, she
is interested in trying anal sex and fisting one day.  Little does she know that
the one-day will be tonight.

     As we traveled to a state park in Illinois I deliberately took the back
roads.  There I can easily make an assault on the girl without the danger of
being spotted or interrupted by a passing vehicle.  We were in my enclosed van,
and as far as she can tell, I used the back for storage of my astronomy
equipment.  Hidden on the left side of the driver's seat is an egg shaped Onyx 
(a smooth and massive rock) that easily fits in the palm of my hand.  As we
approached a four way stop crossing I made sure that no other cars were in the
area, and as Colleen continued to talk the Onyx was driven by the full force of
my arm striking her forehead.  The young woman collapsed forward onto the
passenger air bag casing.

     The van was quickly placed in the parking mode and I dragged my newest
victim to the back of the van.  I've made the decision that she was going to
stay with me and have my child.  At home I had a bomb shelter already set up for
her.  Colleen was quickly bound and gagged so that she could not move very
easily after she regains consciousness.  Knowing that she never wears a brassier
I lifted her green University of Illinois sweatshirt to view her small milk
white breasts and equally small brown titties.  I am sure that both will grow
considerably in a few months.  Leaving the sweatshirt above her small shoulders
I got back into the driver's and refilled the gas tank at a nearby service
station while she was still out.  To stay out of cities and towns I followed a
pre-planned route to Interstate seventy; one hour from the state line; and two
hours from home.

     The cornfield surrounded county highway led me to an unexpected surprise of
a broken down car with a beautiful looking nigger bitch.  The nigger flagged me
down.  My passenger Colleen was still out cold in the back and no other traffic
was in the area.  As I pulled over I placed my small derringer in my pocket and
looked at the fast approaching bitch as she quickly walked toward me.  She has a
dark brown complexion; big boobs; slim waist; and long slender legs covered by a
white pantyhose.  The clothing that she is wearing looks like a nurse uniform
with a light pink (knee length) skirt and a matching color front-buttoned
blouse.  She came to me with her story of an overheated car and hoped that I had
a celluar phone so that she could contact her employer.  I told her that I did
not have one and offered to see if I can get her car running temporary.

 We both walked towards her car with her in the lead.  However, as we passed the
end of the van, I brought the barrel of the gun to her temple after forcing her
to stop with my arm around her neck.  Her face turned towards me with her brown
eyes opened wide.  You are going to step in the back of the van without saying a
word.   Unless you want to be found dead on the pavement with a hole in your
head!"  The "blackie" done what I ordered and after the left rear door opened
she froze when she seen the now stirring Colleen.  Shoving the African-American
into the van I slammed the rear door after stepping into the van myself.  The
trembling nigger sat on the deck of the van with her arms raised as my newest
pray begged me to let her go.  The reply was a harsh slap across her face before
I ordered her to shut up again. The slap caused her to fall on the floor and I
quickly bound her wrists behind her back with extra electric cord and secured
her mouth with duct tape.  After a loss of five or ten minutes I was back on the
road proud of what I found.

     No more than 20 minutes later I heard Colleen trying to move in the back. 
Our previous Internet chat gave me the impression that she hates niggers with a
passion after her father was murdered by one.  We were already on the interstate
and I wanted to instill more fear into the girls in the back.  "Do not bother
trying to escape.  We will get to your new temporary home in about two hours. 
So you might as well as try to enjoy the ride because you will not enjoy what is
going to happen after we get home.  Both of you will be my sex slaves during the
next few months and beyond.  As you are well aware you may get pregnant after
being raped every day and only that prevents you from being murdered.  If you do
not become pregnant by New Year's eve then I will have no further use of you,
but if you do become pregnant then you will be released after giving birth
without the use of medications to ease labor pains.  Colleen?  I am well aware
of how you hate blacks, but a black pussy is just as fun as a white pussy and
you may just get the chance to avenge your father's murder.  Nigger?  You and I
have much to discuss before I first rape Colleen this evening."

     As I expected both girls continued to try to get free between sobs and
hysterical bursts of non-effective strength.  The bomb shelter behind my house
has a homemade iron neck collar with an attached chain to the ceiling.  The
length of the chain is such that the only way out of the shelter will be a few
feet beyond the grasp of the prisoner.  I also have a second iron ankle collar
that is attached to the far wall by a chain whose length is also beyond the
grasp of freedom.  That collar was originally to be used also for Colleen, but
with a second girl both will just have to accept what I lock on them.  With
proper motivation I will give them rewards to temporary being released under
proper supervision.  Such rewards will be showers or limited freedom in my house
sharing my hospitality. 

     Finally the long hours were over as I pulled into the driveway that led to
the back of my house.  Colleen was the first to be removed from the van. 
Struggling with all her might I dragged her out of the van and down into the
bomb shelter.  The nigger was left by herself in the locked van.

     The bomb shelter is carpeted as well as being finished with heating,
cooling, plumbing, a shower and hot tub, as well as electrical hook-ups. 
Colleen was forced down on her belly and pinned by me as I locked the collar on
her neck.  "It's too late now Colleen.  This will be your home for about a year
and since you told me that you are not on the pill it's just a matter of time
before you carry my child."  The duct tape was removed from her mouth and I
groped her small breasts as she screamed for help.  My dick got hard as my
pelvis rubbed against her ass.  "When I return sweetie you will be raped."  I
untied her hands before getting off of her.  As I walked out I noticed Colleen
running to me only to be jerked back into place by the ceiling mounted chain.

     The slamming of the bomb shelter doors muffled the screams and yelling of
the young woman.  The nigger was dragged into the house screaming and kicking,
and she was thrown down on the couch before I got a beer and a sharp knife from
the kitchen.  The knife scraped her neck as I removed the duct tape off of her
mouth.  She kept quiet as I press the tip of the knife onto her stomach.  The
conversation that followed told me that she has been married for seven years and
has two children.  Her name is Rachel and she employed as a nurse at a
pro-choice clinic.  Most notably to what I wanted to find out, she claimed that
she is midway through her monthly period.  I believed her without immediately
checking, as she understood the circumstances of lying and the reward for being
truthful of talking with her husband later in the week.  Finally, I permitted
her to limited freedom after releasing the hold of the binding electrical cord. 
She followed my demand that she stands up and faced the wall that the couch was
placed against.

     Rachel's trembling hands attempted to stop me as I pulled her skirt down to
her ankles.  She reluctantly lifted her ankles to have the skirt removed.  The
legs moved apart at my command and I caressed the smooth white panty hose and
moved upward to the light blue briefs covering her womanhood.  I felt the pad
nestled between her legs, so she wasn't lying about her period.  She continued
to unbutton and remove the blouse as I looked for sex toys to give her.  As the
blouse fell to the floor I found the toys and looked up toward her.  Only her
leopard print brassier and her panty hose and panties were left on her body. 
"The bra as well nigger!" was my next command.  Her slim naked black body was
very sexually stimulating, and she turned her head towards me to see what I was
doing.  A leather collar and a very large dido with waist straps were thrown on
the couch in front of her.  As she looked away I removed my jeans and briefs
before wrapping my arms around her waist and pulling her to my body.  Following
the orders I gave her Rachel moved my hands off of her belly and placed them on
her breasts.  Once there, my palms retracted and crushed the soft dark brown
tissue of her motherhood.  "STOP IT!  YOU ARE HURTING ME!"  Rachel gasped as she
attempted to pull my hands off.  I released the pressure but maintained my grip
on her boobs.

     Rachel's right ear lobe became the object of nibbling and biting.  Every
time she moved her head from a severe bite her tits were crushed harshly until
she realized that a nibble of the ear was much more pleasant than a painful
nipple!  "The niggers were once slaves in this country and it's about time that
all the rights that were given to you were removed!  White man was generous but
you blackies wanted more and more!  Am I right nigger?"  She first denied my
whispering question, but the proper painful motivation forced Rachel to agree
with me.  I continued my expected demands of her forced captivity, "Then blackie
you will be my private slave.  As what has happened to your ancestors, any
disobedience will result in physical punishment and that will include a whip. 
You will do what you are told without any resistance, and what free will you had
when you came into this house is now gone until your release or death.  Do we
have an understanding?"  The new slave nodded her head.  After releasing her
breasts my hand forced her to sit in her knees so that she could give me a good
head job.  Rachel guided a thick white man's dick into her small black lip
covered mouth. At first I permitted her to suck and wrap her tongue around my
muscle.  I had no doubt that she has plenty of experience in oral sex.

     Soon after though, I moved my hip to make the head go in deeper to the
point where Rachel gagged.  She tried to pull out but a firm grip on her smooth
and long jet-black hair stopped her.  I wanted oral fucking!  Rachel soon
realized what I was doing as I slapped my dark brown pubic hair against her
face.  Her teeth were pressing against the muscle before I pulled on the roots
of her hair.  "NO TEETH BITCH!  TAKE THE DICK, OR I'LL TAKE YOUR ASS HOLE!" 
Rachel choked and bawled as I slammed into her.  In only a few moments I felt
the satisfaction of spewing my fluids inside of her mouth.  She spat them out
soon after.  In disgust I threw her in the kitchen and ordered her to clean up
the mess she made on my carpet.

     She started to scrub the fabric of the carpet on her hands and knees as I
sat on a chair enjoying the swaying of her breasts.  She never looked in my
direction.  But she wiped the tears out of her eyes at the same time she
scrubbed.  "Keep up the good work Rachel.  You will be talking to your husband
in no time at all.  After you are finished scrubbing you can sit on the couch
and watch television for an hour or so."  After she did finished she asked if
she could use the restroom.  I permitted her with proper supervision of course. 

     The clear sunny skies were replaced by muggy and cloudy skies after sunset. 
Rachel's eyes followed me all through the living room until I decided to blind
them with duct tape.  It is more fun when she does not see what is going on.  As
she waited blindfolded, I told her of my expectations of her once we go back to
Colleen in the bomb shelter.  She heard my movements in the room and the sound
of a plastic bottle being placed down in front of her on the coffee table.  The
bottle in question is baby oil.  I sat next to her and nudged her face towards
me and Rachel's lips were quivering from fear.  Soon though her dark lips were
enveloped by mine.  She tried to pull away from me, but my hand at the back of
her head kept her lips locked to mine.  As she started to wail, my tongue
entered her mouth causing her to fight more with little success.  "Your lips are
delicious Rachel, and I also bet that your pussy lips are just as delicious.  I
will find out soon enough.  In the meantime I am sure that you have other
interesting objects on your body that I can play with."

     I reached for the bottle and first poured a small amount of oil on top of
her right breast then slowly moving to the left as the oil streamed down between
the breasts as well as the top of the left one.  My hands helped expand the oil
over the form of the breasts, her entire belly, as well as her thighs.  My hands
kneaded the oil on her breasts as they slipped in and out of mine grasp as
Rachel moaned in unwanted pleasure.  I forced her down on the couch.  The fell
of her oil soaked body was overwhelming and my hard dick prodded into her
panties.  I pull them off as I covered her mouth with my hand to prevent
screaming.  My manhood easily slid into the moist pussy after forcing itself
through the air-dried blood crusted entrance.  As soon as her screaming died
down I removed my hand from her mouth.  "Have you ever fucked a white man before
nigger?" I spoke to her quietly.  As I expected she never answered.  "Be
assured.  I just wanted to feel the sensation of your pussy.  However, I very
much want to fuck a girl soon and that one will be Colleen.  It is the right
time for both of us to see her!"

     After I pulled out of her I removed the duct tape off of Rachel's eyes I
did not fail to notice the dark red tissues that were cleaning to my dick.  I
wiped them off after I through a clean pad to Rachel to replace the soiled one. 
After she replaced it I secured the dido one her pelvis and oiled the
excessively large fake dick.  Next the leather collar was placed around her neck
and a leash hooked onto it.  Rachel was forced to lead me to the bomb shelter. 
I was hoping she did not realize the consequences of what she is about to do. 
Colleen is a bigot herself.  A nigger murdered her father many years ago for a
few dollars to buy drugs.  She needed to be pushed a little more to turn her
anger into murderous hatred and Rachel was going to make that push.

     Before we left the house I picked up a handgun and loaded it.  Just in case
Rachel decides not to do what I expected.  When we entered the bomb shelter
Colleen was attempting to pull the chain out of the ceiling.  The bolt in which
the chain is attached to is welded into a steel beam within the concrete.  So,
keep on trying to break free."  Colleen turned at the sound of my voice and was
first shocked when she saw the mostly nude nigger with the big cock attached to
her.  "I thought that you would like to a have a roommate with you.  Rachel here
has been raped earlier by me, and if you recall I also told you that I would
rape you when I returned.  Rachel is going to rape you first by forcing this
gigantic artificial dick into your ass hole -- just like you told me that you
would like to try sometime.  "I DON'T KNOW WHOM THE FUCK YOU THINK YOU ARE, BUT
IF YOU THINK I'M GOING TO LET THAT NIGGER RAPE ME THEN YOU GAVE GOT ANOTHER
THING COMING!   IF THAT BITCH EVENS TOUCH ME I'LL KILL HER!  I'M NOT JUST GOING
TO FUCKING LAY DOWN FOR YOU TO RAPE ME EITHER!  YOU MADE A MISTAKE IN KIDNAPPING
ME, A BIG FUCKING MISTAKE!"  As she kept hollering I cocked the handgun and
ordered Rachel to rape Colleen.

     I could tell that Rachel was unsure on how to force Colleen to take that
fake dick into her ass.  So, I moved myself closer to the white young woman. 
Instinctively she moved away from me.  However, she forgot of the disadvantage
she had with the chain as I yanked her back towards me.  Like a dog dragging its
feet Colleen used every effort to keep herself from me.  I was doing everything
that I told Rachel to help her.  She moved as soon as she saw the barrel of the
gun pointed toward her.  Colleen was too much concentrated on me to notice
Rachel getting behind her until she felt her jeans being grabbed.

     It is the first girl fight I ever saw, and the stories of the viciousness
of such fights were not false.  The button of the jeans was just ripped off when
Colleen went on the offensive.  She turned and started to hammer her fists onto
Rachel, before she kicked after Rachel blocked the powerful hits with her arms. 
Just as I figured that Rachel is a weakling, she grabbed Colleen's bleached
blonde hair and threw her on the floor face first. "I'VE GOT CHILDREN TO GO HOME
TO BITCH!  IF I DON'T FUCK YOUR ASS HOLE THEN I WILL BE MURDERED!  IT WASN'T
PLEASANT GETTING RAPED BY HIM, BUT I'M GOING TO DO WHATEVER THE HELL IT TAKES TO
GO HOME!"  Rachel yelled at the top of her voice, but Colleen did not give up as
she managed to grab the back of Rachel's black hair.  Both were screaming from
the pain and the nigger was the first one to give in as she was pulled off and
she became the assaulted once again. 

     The viciousness of Colleen's assault became more aggressive as she used her
fingernails on Rachel's face, shoulders and tits.  It now became a battle of
supreme strength as both girls rolled over each other with arms and legs
twisting to get the advantage.  At one point Rachel managed to force the dido
inside Colleen's mouth in an attempt to choke her into submission, however her
ears were pounded by Colleen's fists causing her to collapse long enough for
Rachel's neck to be wrapped by the chain that held Colleen!  I heard Rachel
gasping for air, as the chain became tighter.  I could not let Rachel die at the
hands of Colleen and as she continued to strangle the nigger I came around her
and pinned her arms as I pulled her off of Rachel.

     An angry Rachel got up and delivered four very hard punches into Colleen's
belly, and with a hard elbow hit by me, she collapsed onto the concrete floor. 
This time I pulled Colleen's jeans and panties off.  Her bald pussy exposed its
opening as Colleen unknowingly lifted her left knee.  "What are you waiting for
slave?  You still have to rape her ass hole!"  After I rolled Colleen over and
sat on her back I lifted her rump into the air.  Rachel did not push the dido in
slowly; she pressed the fake head between the ass cheeks and pushed it in hard
and fast!  Colleen's hips fought the violent invasion and she screamed from the
intense pain.  Getting off of Colleen I got behind Rachel and guided her hips
into a thrusting motion as I taught her the way of proper "male to female"
fucking.  I soon whispered to Rachel to take her white lover to the bed whiles
the dick remains embedded into the anus.

     I helped her pull Colleen up while keeping the dido in her.  I enjoyed
seeing the pain etched in her face. "What's the matter Colleen?  You told me
that you wanted to have a dick in your ass!"  We got her to her own bed, and
Rachel followed my instructions of lying down on the bed with Colleen lying on
top of her face up.  The black arms held Colleen in place as I dropped my pants
and pulled her legs apart.  Colleen soon found herself being vaginally raped by
me.  After I finished giving Colleen a semen present I recalled that she claimed
that she was one her period two weeks ago.

     The double rape of Colleen was finished for now.  I took Rachel to her bed
in the shelter and locked the iron collar to her ankle before taking the bloody
dido off of her.  "Be careful of Colleen.  There is a spot where both of you can
get to each other.  That spot is the toilet and the shower.  Otherwise, she
cannot reach you here or most of the area where you can walk."  Returning to
Colleen who was in a fetal position whiles bawling on her bed.  I pulled the
sweatshirt off of her with little resistance, however as I once again pulled her
legs apart she started to fight.  Only after I threw her onto the floor and
slammed her head onto the concrete she permitted her legs to be pulled apart
again.  I pushed my finger into her wet and semen filled pussy, and she realized
that I was going to fist her but did not try to stop me.

     I left her on the floor when I was finished.  Her clothing, the dido, and
my gun left with me as I stepped out of the door.  It's going to be a fun nine
to twelve months.  Colleen will be spending the next night with me in the house,
but for now she can enjoy the bomb shelter with the nigger.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tuesday, October 22nd.

     After holding my guests against their will, and raping them every other
day, I am still waiting for them to become pregnant.  Rachel has already missed
her period and I'll be conducting a pregnancy test on her soon.  Colleen, on the
other hand, had her menstrual period a few weeks ago and she may be ready to
release an egg for my fruitful sperm.

     Meanwhile I have been in contact with an old buddy who just got out of
prison for raping an old geezer.  The same bitch who failed defending him ten
years ago is the same one who defended the teen who killed my wife.  We are
going to meet at a state park for a little target practice and to make plans to
get a certain bitch this November!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     The "pop" sounds of a handgun echoed in the wooded hills.  Although my
buddy Tom could not legally have a handgun he is a good marksman with my 9-mm
semi-automatic.  We both shared stories of attorney Kira Miles.  She made an
error in defending Tom that sealed his fate in the state prison.  I, on the
other hand, knew where she lived and worked.

     We were on a trail that is ten miles long and looped back to my truck.  I
trusted in Tom enough in keeping my secret of raping at least two women since he
was put in jail and he confided in me that he would love to slam into an
unwilling bitch.  "It would be nice if we come across a female hiker out here. 
One can hold her down while the other rapes her!  But, I do know of a place
where we can peep into the back window of a housewife who exercises in the nude. 
Unfortunately, her three dogs will not permit us get too close."  Tom was very
much interested in seeing this housewife and he followed me to a spot where we
can spy down on the houses below with high power binoculars.

     You can set your watch on that housewife.  Everyday, precisely at 10:00 AM,
she comes into the dining room and uses an exercise machine.  It's been a while
since Tom seen a live naked woman and we was rubbing his crotch during the
entire thirty minute show.  However, as he drooled over something that he could
not have I spotted movement on the trail about a half-mile away.  "Tom, lets get
going.  I have seen something that will put that dick of yours in good use. 
Follow my lead and you can have some delicious leg quarters that are not from a
chicken!" 

     The trail we walked on is so narrow that hikers cannot walk side by side
but only in single file.  I was ahead of Tom when our target came into site. 
She is a student from Indiana University if the sweatshirt and pants she has on
any indication.  A cotton headband kept her hair in place.  The lack of movement
of her breasts with every stride of her running feet told me that she either had
a sport brassier or a very tight brassier on.  Tom followed me as I moved to the
left-hand side of the trail and slowed his pace slightly as we moved closer.  I
noticed a look of concern on the college kid just before we passed; Tom must be
looking at her body directly.  The fool! I had to change my attack plan, so as
she passed me my right arm swung toward the base of her back and struck her
hard.  If I attacked her in the stomach then she would be easier to assault. 
But she did fall on her knees when I turned around and Tom soon leaped onto her. 
He clamped her mouth as she started to scream, "COME ON MARK!  LET'S GET CONTROL
OF THIS BITCH!  I WANT TO FUCK HER ASS AND PUSSY!!"

     I pinned her arms down on the ground and stuffed her mouth with my shirt. 
"THE PLAN WAS TO KNOCK HER OUT YOU FOOL!  YOU MUST HAVE STARED AT HER THE VERY
LAST SECOND!"  Tom had a one-track mind for he yanked off her sweatpants and
panties.  As the young girl kicked and struggled, Tom unzipped his pants and
pulled out his huge swollen dick and got down on her. "Damn she dry!  I can't
penetrate her cunt!"  I grabbed the bitch's legs and lifted them upward and
pulled them apart.  "Now try to fuck her." I commented calmly.  With a grunt Tom
got into her.

 I soon found out that her previous screams also got someone's attention,
because as Tom was raping the college student another female jogger came around
and soon after I noticed she ran off in the opposite direction screaming for
help. Tom looked at me, "STOP HER BEFORE SHE GETS HELP!"  I sprinted off to
catch the second jogger who had a head start, however the advantaged that I had
over her was that she kept looking behind her as she ran.  That was her reckless
judgment as an unseen low tree branch got into her way and she ran into it. 
Those few moments of complete confusion and disorientation were all that was
needed as I caught up to her.  I picked up a nearby rock and struck her on the
head to make her unconscious.  She is also a young college age girl probably
nineteen or twenty years of age with shoulder length black hair.  The branch
produced a large bloody gash on the side of her forehead.  I pulled her top off
and ripped it to make a dressing to stop the bleeding.  As she continued to be
oblivious to what I was doing her blue sports brassier was also pulled off.  Her
small breasts recoiled as the tightness of the brassier was removed.   The brown
nipples were large and puffed outward surround by a lighter brown areola.

     A few minutes later I was carrying my captured prize back to where Tom was. 
He was punching her face hard with his fists.  As I got closer he pulled her
sweatshirt and red sports brassier off.  "I see you got the bitch Mark.  We need
to take care of them permanently since they both seen us.  I'm not going back to
jail because of a fucking bitch!!"  He pulled his girl over his shoulder and
told me to follow him.  I asked him what are his plans, "Mark, whether you like
it or not these girls must die.  The forest can hide many mysteries and two
girls can remain missing for a long time.  Besides, you and I can have plenty of
fun with them before they die."

     We stopped walking about a quarter of a mile from the trail.  All four of
us had scratches from the many thorn bushes.  Tom dropped his girl on the ground
and got on top of her sucking the large pink nipple breasts.  I was uneasy about
murdering the college kids, and I lay my girl down on the ground.  I was unsure
on whether or not Tom's girl was alive because she did not react to him as he
crushed her breasts with his hands.  He rolled the unresponsive body over and
heaved his large dick into her asshole.  My young woman awoke as he fucked the
other lass.  I played with her brown puffies as whined, "If you scream or cry
out loud then I'll fuck your ass as well."  I warned her as I lifted her up so
she could see the other girl getting ass fucked.  Tom was grunting loudly as he
slammed harder into her.  "I don't think you have much semen left after raping
her earlier Tom.  How about helping me with this bitch by using your dick to
keep her quiet as I fuck her.  Then I can help you with your gal if she ever
wakes up."  Tom pulled his blood coated dick out of the girl and I dragged the
topless student over to him, where he grabbed her hair and forced her to have
oral sex with him while I forced her pants and panties off.  My fingers dug into
her hairy pussy making it wet and falsely giving her the impression that I was
getting her wet to fuck her.  Her legs were pulled apart and I aimed for her
tight brown pigment ass hole.  As I forced myself into her the girl was
screaming, however Tom's deep mouth fuck muffled her cries.

    Minutes later I loaded her shit channel with my own semen.  Exhausted I lay
down on top of her back with my dick still in her.  She was bawling as Tom
removed his limp dick out of her mouth.  "What we need is "Viagra" Mark." He
mentioned.  "That way we can have longer erections.  How do you like the ass?" 
My student was left lying next to the first victim after I got off of her.  "It
reminds me of fucking a virgin.  Dry and tight!  Are you sure your bitch is
still alive?"  He checked her pulse on her neck and verified that she is alive. 
With my recommendation her rolled her on her back and her pussy was being forced
eaten by the other girl.  She preferred to eat pussy then to have her ass ripped
apart again.  Eventually, the first girl did wake up from the concussion that
Tom gave her.

     Apparently both of the girls knew each other as they snuggled together.   I
was rubbing my dick and fantasizing about going after the pussy of my student.  
"Tom, I think it's about time that we give the girls some more milk."  Tom
smiled before he got up and we both circled the quarry.  "Go ahead Mark and
choose the one that you want."  I continued to circle them with Tom and spoke
up, "I don't know my friend.  We have two very beautiful girls here to rape. 
However, there is a pussy that has not been raped and an ass that has not been
filled.  I think it will be terrifying for our young guests to see the other get
raped.  Do you have a problem of me going first?   Then you can do with whatever
you want with the other one."  My shoulder length hair friend shook his head and
mentioned that he wants an ass to rip open.

     Both of the girls watched me in fear.  I told both of them that the one
that I will fuck would get it into her pussy.  But, which one? (I added.)  I
have already decided whom I wanted.  However, I immensely enjoyed making the
girls more terrified.  The one that I chosen is my original one who has the
"puffies".  She was in a sitting position before I leaped and tackled her down
on the ground.  Even after being raped once before she still has a lot of fight
in her.  Tom cheered me on as I finally forced her into the appropriate
position.  As my penis penetrated her vagina her arms continued to pound my
back.  That did not stop me from finishing what I wanted to do!  The bitch was
extremely pissed off by the time I got off of her.  I pulled the continuing
cursing girl up so that she could see the first girl get her ass once again
ripped opened and filled with the muscle and semen of Tom's dick.

     Tom asked me for my hunting knife after he finished.  After I handed it to
him he pulled his girl up and deeply slashed the front of her neck.  She
collapsed holding her blood spurting neck.  The gurgling sound soon stopped and
her body ceased moving.  My hand clamped down on the puffy girl's mouth as Tom
approached us with the blood-tinged blade.  He thrusted the blade into her
abdomen and sliced downward.  Her internal tissues dropped downward before her
legs collapsed on her.    She died soon after.

     "Relax Mark."  Tom assured me.  "Many animals and insects are getting ready
for winter and the dead girls will offer excellent protein.  Soon they will be
nothing but bleached bones."  We left them and we hiked back to my van.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Friday, November 8th.

     Counselor Kira Miles is the bitch who managed to get Tom in prison for over
twelve years, and also defended the girl who killed my wife and unborn child.  I
want that young girl by the name of Tara and I'm sure that Mrs. Miles will be
more than happy to help me with the proper persuasion.  I'm concerned about Tom,
for as we were sharing a drink together at my house a few days ago he blurted
out the two dead girls names (still not located) while he was drunk.  During
that time I was quietly celebrating as both Rachel and Colleen are now pregnant.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Tom and myself worked on the plan to capture Mrs. Miles.  She followed the
same path home each night.  I parked near her office in my van waiting for her
to move.  Tom is hidden in brush along the highway that she follows with an
assault rifle.  He will shoot out her tire when the time comes.  At 10:15 PM her
Humvee came out of the parking garage.  I contacted Tom via a cell phone and
alerted him, all the time I kept a safe distance behind her.  Eventually her
S.U.V. followed the same highway as she always did, and there were no other cars
in the area.  "Stand-by Tom we are coming over the hill.  Whatever you do, don't
miss!"   Tom laughed at my comment before he told me not to worry, but he also
told me not to make any mistakes.  I already made one with him.

     The rifle had a flash suppressant on the muzzle and the distinctive sound
of the rifle was easily heard on the cell phone.  "She's pulling over Mark. 
I'll be there in a moment to help you with the bitch!"  Our target was out of
the Humvee and going around to the other side of it when I drove over the crest
of the hill.  I slowed down and put on my hazard lights.  My headlights
reflected off of her light blue and floral patterned dress as the hem fluttered
in the moderate breeze.  She also had a windbreaker on.  "Need any help ma'm?" 
The counselor moved her brown hair out of her face that the wind was making a
mess of, "Thank-you, but I have a cell phone and I just need to call my husband. 
I have just purchased that tire.  I don't know what caused it to go out on me?" 
The hint of uneasiness is in her voice and that can be dangerous.  The sound of
movement in the brush heralds the approach of Tom and he jumped out of the
darkness.  The rifle he carried was now pointed at the counselor.  I brought up
my handgun and pointed at her skull, "I'm afraid Mrs. Miles that you'll be
unable to call your husband."  Tom grabbed her forearm and shoved her to the
back of my van after I took her purse from her.  Before I opened the back door
he ripped her windbreaker off of her and slammed her against the door.  "You
could've have prevented me from spending a long time in that hellhole!"

     She was not crying yet, but she turned toward Tom and answered.  "Tom,
listen to me.  If you go along with this you'll be in jail a lot longer!  Let me
go and nothing will be said!"  After the back door got opened both of us threw
her in the van.  Tom went ahead and tied her wrists as I got into the driver's
seat and we pulled away from the disabled S.U.V.  Tom soon joined me up front. 
"So, where are we going to rape her?  I wanted to screw that ass of hers ever
since I was put away!"  I continued to drive as I answered, "Patience my friend. 
All in good time.  I know a spot where both of us can rape her.  DO YOU REMEMBER
ME COUNSELOR MILES?  YOU DEFENDED THE TEEN WHO KILLED MY WIFE!  I'M GOING TO GET
PAYMENT FROM YOUR ACTIONS!  I'M GOING TO TEAR YOUR PUSSY UP AS TOM HERE SLAMS
HIS DICK INTO YOUR ASS!"  That was not entirely true.  She was trying to keep
emotionally strong in the back, "I don't know who you are.  Tom, do you want to
spend the rest of your life behind bars!  You are a convicted rapist and that
will be held against you when you are caught.  You are throwing your life away! 
Listen to reason Tom!"  I told Tom that it would be a good time for he gives
that bitch what she deserved.  He smiled as he walked back toward her.  We were
fifteen miles from her Humvee when I found the spot I wanted to park at.

     Kira had her mouth filled with Tom's erect penis.  He had a strong grip on
her hair as he slammed into her mouth deep enough to make her gag.  My hand
gently slapped his shoulder, "I thought you wanted her ass hole Tom?"  He shoved
her face away and moved behind her, "Give me a knife Mark.  I'm going to show
you a trick I learned in prison."  He continued as I handed him a hunting knife. 
"Some inmates have a slit cut into their pants to permit a fast and convenient
way of ass rape.  Hold her legs, as I don't want to cut her accidentally."  With
her legs being forced apart, Tom lifted her dress to expose the pink bikini
panties covered by the dark brown panty hose.  Following the crease of her ass
cheeks he made an incision into the fabric with the point of the blade, "Hold
her still, Mark!"  He rubbed his dick with oil and I watched as he pushed it
into the incision that he made.  "NO TOM!  STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING!
N......O!!!!!  GOD TOM, IT HURTS!  PEASE STOP IT!

     Her screams were so high in pitch that my eardrums closed.  Tom was now
fully into her ass hole and he controlled the lawyer by grabbing her hair as he
raped her.  His entire weight was on her as she cried and screamed from the
painful agony.  He was totally focused on giving the lawyer's ass his milk and
not even paying attention to me.  It was a good time to do what must be done. 
Tom was too dangerous to be left alone.  His drinking and blurting out about the
killing and the rapes will no doubt get us caught.  He never seen the barrel of
my pistol pointing at the base of his skull and a single shot took care of this
immediate problem.  He died on top of the lawyer with his dick still in her ass. 
She was screaming at the top of her lungs when she realized a dead man was on
top and still in her.  I shoved a sock into her mouth to keep her quiet.

     I drove another hour to near the Illinois State line.  It was almost
midnight as I came across the Wabash River and stopped on the bridge.  Tom's
stiff body was pulled off of his last victim and I dragged it outside and
through him into the river.

     Using ether I put Kira to sleep before I reached my house, and she was
secured to a ceiling chain in the bunker with Rachel and Colleen.  Her eyes were
covered with duct tape as well as her mouth.  I left her hanging fully clothed
from the ceiling chain through the night as I took Colleen with me to my bedroom
through the night.  After fucking her I told Colleen that she was going to help
me in getting information I wanted from the new girl.  We slept through the
night after she got raped one more time.  I suspected that this might be the
last night that she will be alive.  It would be no great loss since she was
being more of a nuisance than anything else.  After sunrise I secured Colleen to
her bed in the bunker with her arms and legs pulled apart.  About one o'clock in
the afternoon I again visited the girls.  Going to Kira I stepped up behind her
and pulled the duct ape off of her mouth.

     She asked a lot of questions, and she stopped soon after she felt my hands
caressing her breasts.  I slipped behind her keeping my arms wrapped around and
my hands firmly in place on her breasts.  "Don't rape me again.  Please stop
it... what do you want from me?"  She begged in broken words after I released
one of her breasts and placed my finger into the incision that was previously
cut into her panties.  "STOP THAT!  I DON'T WANT YOUR FINGER IN MY ANUS, OR
ANYTHING ELSE YOU HAVE!"  Of course I did not stop.  I pushed more than one
finger into her ass hole.  "This is just a friendly reminder of the last dick
that forced itself into you.  Tom needed to die.  He was just too unpredictable. 
I will also rape you in your ass and pussy.  Unless, of course, you decide to
help me in locating Tara Lyman."  Removing my finger out of her shit hole, the
lawyer's face was pushed up and turned toward my face where I gently kissed her
quivering lips as I stroked her hardening nipple.  Her reply was a spat onto my
face, "AND HAVE YOU KIDNAP AND RAPE HER LIKE YOU ARE GOING TO DO TO ME!  YOU CAN
FORGET ABOUT GETTING ANY ASSISTANCE FROM ME IN FINDING HER!"

     Kira yelped from a painful slap I done on her face and hunched in pain when
her abdomen was punched into.  I smiled as I seen a stream of pee coming out of
her, "I expected that answer from you councilor.  Just as you can expect getting
raped by me sometime.  How long though before your spirit breaks?  How long will
you grow tired from the pain and torture that you will face by not telling me
what I want to know?  Will you go home with bruises from a rape, or be found as
an abused, beaten and tortured corpse?  I had no remorse in killing Tom as he
raped you.  You are nobody different."  She was left standing in her urine
soaked panties as I quietly loaded an audiocassette tape of me raping Colleen. 
The sounds were from the first slow rape of Colleen with the volume at maximum.
The sounds were that of her struggle and screams as her clothes were pulled off
and finally as she was being raped.  After the tape was finished, Kira's dress
was ripped open at front and I grabbed and yanked her brassier off.  I played
with the small breasts and brown nipples.  "I bet your husband love playing with
your small titties!  What would he think of your nipples if they got burned! 
Would her reject you and dump you for another woman with normal nipples?  So, I
ask you again...WHERE IS LYMAN!"  Again, she refused to answer.  I lit a "Bic"
and placed the flame on her left nipple.  She recoiled and screamed from the
intense pain.  The scent of burnt flesh filled the room.

     As my dick got hard from the sight of her breasts I went around to the rear
and lifted her ass up high enough so that I could place the head of my dick onto
the entrance of her ass hole.  Yelling in her ear I demanded the information. 
She knew where the bitch was but still refused to tell me.  She fought as I
drove my dick deep into her ass hole.  The screams filled the room from the rape
and from me digging my fingernails into the burnt nipple.  Finally, in her
screams, she started to say something about Tara.

     The useful information was that she lived on her own and worked at an
animal shelter -- but she claimed that she did not know anything else about her. 
I knew that was a lie, because I had to go through Mrs. Miles for my many
lawsuits against the bitch.  The rest of her dressed was ripped off.  Only the
wet panties and panty hose remained.  Her eyes were still covered by the duct
tape, so she never knew of the surprise that I brought down with me.  It is a
simple and common tree snake that I keep as a pet.  The lawyer had a panic
attack when she felt the snake slither on her shoulders and breasts.  I falsely
informed her that the snake is poisonous and again I wanted to know where Tara
lives.  The woman was strong willed refusing to answer the question, so I opened
the front of her panties and stuffed the snake into it.  I laughed as she jumped
and screamed.  I wondered what the snake was trying to do.  Perhaps it was
trying to locate a dark place to hide in.  The shock was too much for her as she
fainted.  Her limp body hanged there and my attempt to get the information
failed -- this time.  I lowered her unconscious body and pulled off the rest of
her clothing.  My pet snake was attempting to slither into her pussy.  I pulled
it out and entered the pussy with a more natural male organ.  After I finished
with her, she was dragged to a chair near Colleen and secured.  The duct tape
was removed from her eyes and I through a bucket of cold water on her.  She woke
up instantly.

     Standing in front of her with my arms crossed and my dick coated with both
of our fluids I decided to move the interrogation to another level.  "Your pussy
was very pleasurable to my non-poisonous snake and me.  I need to shave your
pussy later today.  But for now I like to introduce to you two more guests in
the room."  I told her about Colleen and Rachel, as well as the fact that they
are two and three months pregnant respectively.  I also picked up a ball bat and
struck the bounded Colleen on her kneecaps hard.  Colleen screamed in pain
instantly.  "I seen how you reacted when I played the tape of her being raped. 
Perhaps seeing her in pain will open up your heart more.  I'm going to get that
information out of you one way or another.  Even if both of these slaves have to
be tortured and die in pain because of you."  I saw the reaction on Kira's face
after Colleen screamed from the impact of the bat.  Her face was turned and she
closed her eyes.  The bat impacted Kira's upper right leg hard enough that I
hoped it would break her femur.  "WHERE IS THAT BITCH!", I again demanded.  As
her faced wrenched in pain as she answered, "DON'T YOU GET IT!  I KNOW WHAT YOU
ARE GOING TO DO TO HER!  SHE'S A FRIEND, SHE'S GOT AN EXCELLENT CAREER, AND
SHE'S PREGNANT WITH HER FIRST CHILD!  AND YOU CAN GO TO HELL!"

     A smile came to my face.  "The bitch is pregnant, huh?"  My interrogation
is working.  "How far along is she?"  The reply was a stern,  "FUCK YOU
ASSHOLE!"  Her body squirmed after I placed my hand between her legs and into
her pussy, "I have fucked you, remember?  Both in the ass and pussy."  I left
the bat on the floor and went to a locked locker.  While opening it I continued
the conversation; "It's a pity that others in this room must suffer from your
refusal to answer simple questions.  But, you enjoy seeing other people suffer
from your actions.  Tom spending twelve years in jail for rape, and myself
living with proper payment for my loss.  How much did you get paid for Tara
getting a slap on the wrist?"  As expected, she never answered.  I pulled out a
propane canister with the torch attachment and opened the valve.  The gas was
soon lit by my "Bic" turning it into an invisible flame.  I slowly walked toward
Colleen with it.  "Your nipple was painful with just a lighter.  Think about how
much pain she'll feel with this torch cooking both of her breasts AND her pussy! 
Are you sure you don't want to give the information?  It won't kill her, but
there is no way she will get medical attention."  Colleen was staring and
begging me to stop, before she looked to the lawyer and tearfully begged her to
tell me what I wanted.  In the back Rachel was begging to her as well.  As I
lowered the torch to start burning the right breast, Kira cried, "WAIT..."

     The lawyer gave me the workplace as well as the home address of where I
should find Tara.  It would take over four hours to get to that city, but I
decided to give her the benefit of the doubt.  However, I also advised her that
if she lied than she would be witnessing the agonizing death of a certain
pregnant woman.

     I reached the reported town and after putting on a simple disguise I
stepped in a small animal clinic outside the town.  Tara is the only
receptionist and she was definitely pregnant.  I told her that I was new in town
and wanted to find someone to check my dog out.  During the discussion and small
chitchat I figured out that she was six and a half months pregnant.  It will
take a few months to plan the actual kidnapping but I was satisfied that it
could be done. 

     All the girls looked toward me when I stepped into the shelter, "You are
right Mrs. Miles about your friend Tara.  I am sure that I can forcibly take her
away and bring her down here later on.  I'll keep my agreement and no one will
die, and I have almost no more use of you."  A ray of hope filled her facial
expression.  "Than I will be released?", she asked.  I was busy untying Colleen
from her binds and made sure her collar was secured on her neck.  She attempted
to stand up but her injured knees collapsed on her.  "You need some medical
attention Colleen, so you are going to have to trust in Rachel since she's a
nurse.  Rachel, I know you hate her and I know that you enjoy your conversations
with your husband.  You tell me what you need and I'll get it for you."  I
carried Colleen to Rachel before I went to the hot tub and filled it with warm
water.  I was deep in thought even with Kira yelling to get an answer from me. 
"YES BITCH, YOU WILL BE RELEASED ALIVE!  AFTER YOU TAKE A BATH WITH ME."  My
thoughts of what I planned to do caused my dick to swell.  Mrs. Miles turned her
head as I approached her with my naked body and swollen cock.  In my right hand
I carried a re-chargeable hair trimmers of which I trimmed her thick coat of
brown hair between her legs, and as a stubble of hair remained I spread a coat
of shaving cream and warned her not to unless she wanted to get cut by my very
sharp knife.

     With her wrists still bound I shoved the lawyer into the tub.  "You need to
be clean before you leave Kira."  She knew that something did not seem right
because as I scrubbed her upper body with body wash she told me what she was
thinking,  "You are going to let me go alive?  You are lying to me!  You were
never going to let me live...I can identify you as the one who kidnapped me, the
one who murdered Tom..."  She could not continue as I pinned her back to the
side of the tub and pressed my soapy chest against hers.  My mouth covered her
mouth with a forced kiss.  Under water she struggled as my arms moved her legs
apart and my eight-inch dick found its way to the bald pussy.  I released her
mouth to enjoy the eardrum closing screams as I forced myself into the water
cleaned and tight cunt.  Her fists pounded my body as I tried to fuck her. 
However, the force of the water between our bodies as well as her fighting
stopped me from having what I wanted.  Her body was twisted over so that her
clean cunt rose above the water.  I deliberately had her face over the deep part
of the water.  She never saw me putting the bath wash soap on my dick as I held
her in place by gripping her hair.  The bitch deserves the crying.  In he
background Colleen was screaming as Rachel reseated the damaged knees.  "NO! 
GET OUT!"  The reply was from the intrusion into Kira's dark hue ass hole.  This
time I stayed into her and pumped hard waiting for the right time, and as I felt
my balls preparing to release there load I slowed down slightly.  "You are right
about one thing Counselor Miles. You have seen too much, and if you were
pregnant than I would have killed Colleen and kept you.  What you have done to
me is unforgivable.  You deserve a fate worse than death.  You are being
released -- BUT AS A GOD DAMN VEGETABLE!"  Her face was pushed down into the
water as I continued to slam into her body.  My balls bounced off the soft
tissue of her pussy as the young mother and wife fought with all her might as
she was being drowned.  I jerked her head above the water as I continued to
smack against her ass.  She was choking and coughing.  "IF YOU SURVIVE YOU ARE
GOING TO HAVE MAJOR BRAIN DAMAGE.  YOU MAY NOT RECOGNIZE ANYBODY YOU KNOW.  BUT
YOU WILL BE ALIVE AND DEPENDENT ON EVERYONE FOR YOUR EVERY NEED."  Again, I
forced her head down under water as I continued to finish my delivery of cum.

 After about another minute with my dick still in her ass her body stopped
fighting and collapsed.  I glanced at my watch to see what time it was.  The
ex-councilors body was pulled out and gently laid face-up on the carpeted floor. 
Time passed and I knew that the brain died in layers with the outer layers dying
first.  They controlled the memories and the motor skills.  The center of the
brain controlled the automated functions of breathing and heartbeat.  Three
minutes after she "died" I started CPR on her.  After five minutes has passed I
thought that I waited too long, until her body heaved and coughed out water. 
Her pulse was strong and she had regular breathing.  I left her on the floor
over night, and when I checked on her the next morning she was still in the same
spot and still alive.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tuesday, December 31st.

     It has been a few weeks since I released Mrs. Miles.  I telephoned her
husband from her own cell phone after I dropped off the vegetable during an
unseasonably warm day.  The news media never mentioned that she was in the nude,
but they did mention the fact that she was sexually molested and has permanent
brain damage.  The legal office where she was employed at has offered fifty
thousand dollars leading to the arrest of the person responsible.  In my
dungeon, Colleen is able to walk around with a cane thanks to Rachel.  After
what happened to Mrs. Miles both of my slaves have been easier to handle.

     Being New Years eve, I will be going out bar hopping with a 38-year old
Asian co-worker.  She is a mother of twin boys and is divorced.  Standing five
foot two, with the typical jet-black hair, she has an awesome petite body.  So,
while an eighteen-year-old teenager is taking care of her kids I will be taking
care of the mother with date rape drugs.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 I had picked up Sung Lee around 7:30 PM at her house with my van.  Both of us
had to wait for the babysitter to come, and when she did come I was surprised
that she almost looked like my late wife except for her shoulder length brown
hair.

     Sung Lee was giving final instructions to her sons in fluent English as I
gazed at the body that I will be raping later on in the night.  She had on a
snug white cotton sweater and very tight blue jeans.  The only thing that I did
not like was that Sung Lee is a flat top when it came to breasts.  Perhaps I
could figure a way in taking care of the teen that definitely has a much larger
chest to play with.  Sung Lee grabbed her parka and told her babysitter that
she'll get a ride home when we return late in the night.

     The final hours of 2002 slipped by and we were enjoying ourselves with a
dinner, dancing, and going from bar to bar.  Even though I knew that she was not
interested in sex with me, I was having second thoughts of raping Sung Lee since
she is a fun person to go out with.  However, after the third bar we stopped at,
Sung Lee had to use the rest room and while she was gone I flirted with another
girl across the room whom had a very low cut blouse on with huge cleavage.  She
smiled at me and stroked her finger on top of one of her breasts before Sung Lee
came back.  That got me in the raping mood once again.  Sung Lee was becoming
more and more drunk at our table.  While she ran back to the restroom again I
spiked her beer with the date rape drug.

     An hour before midnight we decided to go to a nice restaurant and bar in
Bloomington to celebrate the start of 2003.  Sung Lee was already stumbling to
the van from the effects of the drug.  Fifteen minutes later she was out cold. 
Instead of going into Bloomington, I took my van into the Morgan-Monroe State
Forest that had numerous roads off the main road that will give us the privacy
that I wanted.  Gently slapping Sung Lee across her face verified that fact that
she was unaware of what was going on.  Her parka was the first item removed. 
Pulling her to the back of the van I quickly removed her shoes and blue jeans. 
The jet-black pubic hair is easily seen through her thin white panty briefs and
it did not take too long for that to be removed.  With my dick getting harder,
Sung Lee's sweater was pushed up and the brassier got lifted off of her tiny
tits.  If it weren't for her pussy I would say that Sung Lee was a man!  Her
brown nipples were as small as her boobs and she had no areola.  No wonder her
husband left her for another woman!

     Her lack of motherhood did not give me the needed excitement to slide into
the muscles of her vagina.  My mouth went down to her pussy and I started to
lick it and press my fingers into her.  At last I felt my dick harden from the
rush of blood into the organ.  Soon I was ready for my last fuck of 2002.  With
her pussy wet and relaxed from pre-teasing my hard dick slid right into her. 
Although I miss the fun of seeing and hearing her fight the terrible violation
it was the easiest way to fuck a friend.  Besides, I may want to screw her again
later on this spring or summer.  I cleaned her up after raping her, as there is
no need for her to see semen leaking out of her pussy.   I took pictures of her
in the nude to save as a keepsake.  Putting her clothing back on I took Sung Lee
back to her home after one o-clock.

     Her babysitter must have noticed me carrying her employer to the door since
the door opened before I got to it.  She was shaking her head when she saw the
"sleeping" employer.  "She had way too much to drink tonight.  How about
clearing off the couch for her."  The teen went ahead and cleared the couch for
me to lay her down, and as I was straightening Sung Lee's legs out she placed a
pillow under her head and fetched a blanket.  "I guess I need to stay here all
night.  It's not the first time.  I don't know why I keep working for her!" ,
the teen was definitely not in a good mood.

     As she plopped down on a living room chair grumbling to herself I went
ahead and gone into the kitchen where I found some wineglasses and a bottle of
red wine.  The glass meant for the babysitter had an additional ingredient that
dissolved as soon as the wine filled the glass.  I may not be able to pump milk
into her pussy but at least I get to see REAL breasts tonight!  "I know that it
is past midnight now and your New Years celebration plans are gone, but permit
me to join you in a celebration of the beginning of 2003.  May it be better than
the last year!"  She smiled and took the glass that was offered to her.  Lifting
it up she said, "Happy New Year to you as well." and drank the whole glass.  I
stayed longer and played a few card games with her as we watched television.  I
noticed her increasingly lack of concentration playing the card games before she
collapsed onto the kitchen floor.

     The removal of the outer clothing did not take too long.  The teen had a
front latch black lacy brassier and dark blue bikini panties.  The bra naturally
came unlatched first, and I was very pleased when I saw her huge dark brown
nipples and a lighter tone areola that were huge themselves.  Her pussy was
almost completely shaved with the exception of soft bristles of brown hair near
the opening.  I spread her legs apart in anticipation of putting my hardened
manhood up that luscious and hopefully virgin womanhood.

     My rod of domination lost its power after my thoughts went someplace else. 
More to someone else.  I was right about the teen.  She did look like my late
wife -- even her breasts were strikingly familiar.  For the first time I lost
the will to rape someone.  My digital camera captured the images of this naked
teen, but I could not willfully violate her since she did look like my sweet
Marie.  I gently put her clothing back on and moved Sung lee upstairs to her own
bed.  Her babysitter was left on the couch before I left the locked house.

     The bitter cold air stung my eyes as I searched the heavens for an answer. 
There was none of course.  Something inside me urged me to release the two
pregnant girls and commit and beg for mercy to the legal system.  However, the
anger was still there to get revenge.  I won't stop until I have a certain
pregnant bitch in my dungeon and she paid for what she did!  For some reason I
looked back to Sung Lee's house and gazed at the living room window where the
teen was asleep, "I'm sorry Marie...I'm so sorry."



 Monday January 4, 2003. The crossroads on the path of life is about to cross
  between Tara Lyman and myself for the last time. Ever since I located where
  she lived and worked, I had made plans on how to kidnap her.  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 Her house has a German Shepard that is also part of the same police force
  as her husband. No wonder she just got a slap on her wrist after killing my
  family! After realizing that her husband is a police officer I took extra precautions
  in planning to kidnap her -- I stayed at a different motel each night paying
  cash for my room, and I never used my van for the reconnaissance on where she
  went and what route she took. I used a different rental car each day of which
  I also paid cash.  
 Tara worked late at the vet's office and she took the same path home due
  to construction on a main highway. On Saturday and Sunday I traveled the same
  road that she drove on and came to four crossroads that has a four way stop
  as well as no homes near the intersection. An extra factor entered into my
  plans that would help me as well -- a snowstorm watch was issued for Monday
  night.  
 The snowstorm watch has turned into a snowstorm warning with six to seven
  inches possible. Previous snowfall has turned the county road into packed snow
  that will make an "accident" look more real. The snow started to fall heavily
  around 7 PM and at the vet's office Mrs. Lyman has not yet left. I parked at
  a nearby grocery store in my van. Fortunately her husband worked the late shift
  and will not be there to get her. Finally, she came out of the office and drove
  off in her Honda. I followed behind her and moved to a distance of two car
  lengths of her. My passenger seat was put in a reclined position and I have
  my loaded gun with me. I would have no problem in killing her if necessary.  
 The first two stop signs that were possible "strike zones" had either incoming
  cars or she took off before I could ram her. However, at the third stop sign
  I was close enough that I literally slid on the ice as I applied my brakes.
  The re-enforced grill of my van struck that pathetic Honda hard. The force
  of the impact shattered her back windshield as her car slid into the ditch.
  I quickly got out of the van and went to her acting like I was remorseful.
  Tara, from her stupidity, was out cold! She never wore the seat belt and her
  head smashed the windshield causing a starburst crack and a nasty knot above
  her left eye. After removing her keys I pulled her out of the car as well as
  her purse. My gloved hands prevented any fingerprints. Then lifting her up
  by her shoulders I dragged Tara to my vans' passenger side and placed her on
  the reclined seat. Slamming the passenger door I swiftly got back into my own
  seat and drove off. After driving a few miles from the accident I stopped long
  enough to remove her purple parka and to tie her wrists together as well as
  her ankles. To add on the sense of fear I also placed duct tape over her eyes.  
 Tara has black sweat pants on her, as well as a red slip-on maternity blouse.
  Her body, even with the pregnancy, has a very small frame with very little
  muscle mass. The last time I saw her two months ago she was six and half months
  pregnant. Now, her belly was gigantic! She will have her child in my dungeon
  in front of my two other guests without the benefit of medications. The big
  question is when will that happen. Since it is her first child the actual delivery
  time may be later than expected. Which is fine, as it gives me more time to
  terrorize her.  
 Tara started to stir fifteen minutes after I bonded her. The moment she
  tried to struggle in her binds is when I knew she was fully awake. Soon after
  she asked, "What's going on?" As I drove I played with her hair, "You had a
  car accident Tara, and you have been kidnapped. Both of your ankles and wrists
  are tied up." She struggled as I touched the form of her breast, "STOP THAT!
  WHOEVER YOU ARE, YOU BETTER RELEASE ME BECAUSE MY HUSBAND IS A POLICE OFFICER!
  YOU'LL BE HUNTED DOWN AS SOON AS THEY FIND OUT THAT I'VE BEEN KIDNAPPED!" My
  hand went to the bottom of her blouse and I pulled it to reveal her swollen
  belly. Tara tried to push it back down immediately only to have it ripped by
  me fighting against her attempts, "They won't even know you have been kidnapped
  at first, Tara. They'll find your car in a ditch without you, your purse, or
  your keys during or after the snowstorm. They may assume someone hit your car
  and ran away, and you may have walked out of your car to get help. Even if
  they do assume that you have been kidnapped there is no way they can find out
  who kidnapped you. Just like what happened to your friend Counselor Kira Miles
  before they found her." Tara's face turned toward me and she could only say, "It's
  you. You're the one who raped Kira and hurt her!" I verified her assumption.  
 I felt her child move as I rested my hand one her belly. Tara did not say
  a word to me as we continued to travel in the snowstorm. However, she prayed
  to Jesus and begged him to intervene. That bugged me for some reason. I move
  my hand down into her sweatpants to force her to stop praying. Her bound hands
  attempted to stop me as my hand went inside her panties and slid down to her
  pussy that is pleasantly wet. "Please, stop that! Why did you do that to Kira?
  Please, don't touch me there!" My hand stayed where it was at even as she closed
  her legs to prevent me from invading her cavern. I grabbed her pubic hair and
  told her that I will answer her questions as long as her legs remain spread
  open. She did what I demanded and I found the soft lips of her vagina and located
  the clitoris.  
 "I kidnapped and raped Mrs. Miles to find you Tara. At first, she refused
  to give me the information I wanted about you. But, after being tortured and
  forced to talk, she eventually told me most everything I wanted to know about
  you! She didn't deserve being released to death so, I made her a vegetable
  by drowning her and not giving her CPR until the last moment. Her ass was nice
  and tight to fuck. Just like your body looks good to have sex with." Tara pulled
  my hand out of her pants, "IN CASE YOU HAVEN'T NOTICED PERVERT I AM PREGNANT,
  AND I'M DUE ANYTIME NOW! WHAT GIVES YOU THE RIGHT TO TORTURE KIRA AND TO KIDNAP
  ME!" I kept quiet during the next few minutes. Tara continued, "WELL, GOD DAMN
  YOU, WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS!" I am in between towns in the country and I pulled
  over to the side. Slamming the van into park I next grabbed Tara's hair and
  pulled her up to a sitting position.  
 "I'LL TELL YOU WHY YOU POOR EXCUSE OF A WIFE! A FEW YEARS AGO I HAD A WIFE
  WHOM, LIKE YOU, WAS EXPECTING OUR FIRST CHILD! UNFORTUNATELY, A BITCH RAN A
  STOP SIGN AND STRUCK MY WIFE'S CAR KILLING HER AND OUR CHILD! IN CASE YOU DON'T
  REALIZE IT TARA YOU WERE THAT BITCH! I KNEW THAT YOU ARE ALMOST DUE BEFORE
  I RAMMED YOU, AND YOU ARE GOING TO DELIVER THAT KID WITH ME WATCHING AND ALL
  BY YOURSELF WITHOUT MEDICATIONS!" I shoved her back down on the chair. She
  cried from mostly fear. I removed the duct tape off of her eyes.  
 I went back to the driving, "I have nothing against your kid Tara. At least
  your newborn child will be dropped off at a hospital in a few months after
  you give birth. But you killed my wife, and since the legal system didn't make
  you pay for it, then you are going to receive my punishment. Just like the
  other eight women that I raped so far last year. Whether or not you'll end
  up as Mrs. Miles is something I haven't decided yet." Tara turned her head
  away from me and her crying intensified, "Please God help me..." is all that
  she said.  
 The only sound in the van is my radio set on a country music station. The
  drive home is slow and cautious with the unpleasant road conditions. For the
  sake of reminding Tara the dilemma that she is in, I played with her breasts
  as I drove. Each time I tried to pull her blouse up to see her breasts she
  naturally stopped me. Since the weather was getting worse I decided to give
  my undivided attention to the drive. "When we get to my house Tara your breasts
  will be exposed one way or another. If you don't want to be hurt then I suggest
  that you show me your tits!" I expected she never would and I was right.  
 During the drive she did do something totally unexpected. She placed and
  gently squeezed her bound hands onto my right hand. "I understand your anger." Tara
  spoke to me in a voice that is both compassionate and soft; "I lost my younger
  sister to a drunk driver over twelve years ago. Like you are now, I was extremely
  angry that the bastard got off with a small penalty. He told my father that
  he had a personal punishment over the accident by re-living the wreck in his
  dreams over and over again. I never believed him.  
 I made the mistake of running a stop sign and that mistake killed your wife.
  You feel that you are punishing me by kidnapping me. Maybe you are going to
  rape and kill me, I don't know. I'm sorry! Please, giver me mercy! I wasn't
  paying attention to what I was doing.  
 I want you to know that I've been having the same personal punishment that
  my sister's killer had. There are nights when I wake up in a cold sweat after
  dreaming the same image of me hitting your wife's car over and over again,
  and when I see them pull her body out. Please, listen to me.  
 What you have done, and what you'll be doing to me, it will not make you
  feel better. It will not bring your wife back from the dead. You will be causing
  the exact same pain and anguish that you have felt since your wife died, to
  other strangers, children of the women you hurt and there families. You really
  don't want to do this to me. I want to help you get past your anger and hurt.
  Please let me help you."  
 For a few brief moments she got through to me. I soon realized what she
  is attempting to do. I removed her hand and harshly pushed her back down in
  her seat. "Nice try bitch. You almost got me to think. However, the main point
  still exists. You killed my wife after you deliberately failed to stop. Since
  you are remorseful from what you have done and have asked for mercy, then I
  will give you mercy for a short time. You have three hours to voluntarily to
  remove your clothing and fuck me. If, after three hours, you do not remove
  your clothes then I will personally rip them off of your body and screw your
  pussy!" The only sound that is heard in the car during the next thirty minutes
  was the radio and Tara praying out loud.  
 Her tearful prayers are getting on my nerves. Even after I told her to shut
  up she continued to pray more loudly. Finding a safe spot to pull over, her
  mouth is once again closed with duct tape and I angrily pulled her red blouse
  upward over her shoulders. Her white maternity brassier soon followed as I
  ripped the material by pulling on it. Her swollen breasts bounced as she fell
  back after being pulled upward with the bra. Both of her brown nipples and
  areoles are huge from the pregnancy. Tara cried intensely from the removal
  of her blouse and underwear. With each spasm of wailing her breasts jiggled
  that much more. "Maybe she'll listen to me more often" is what I thought out
  loud as we continued our trek to my home.  
 With the worsening road conditions I decided to take the interstate highway
  to get us home. Finally I am able to get beyond the snowstorm and the driving
  is much better. I kept my speed within the legal limits, as well as followed
  all traffic laws to prevent getting the attention of the highway patrol. After
  entering the Indiana state line (during the evening twilight) I crossed the
  path of a State Police car that is parked in the meridian and had its emergency
  lights flashing. The first sight of the police car brought the sense of fear
  into my body like a rushing wave, and when I noticed the police car pulling
  out I reached for my handgun and pointed at Tara's head. Her eyes bulged open
  and she shook her head fearfully. The police car drove passed me. I gave out
  a slow breath as it pulled over a car in front. The rest of the trip to the
  house was more terrifying to Tara than it was to me.  
 We made it to my house around 9 PM and I immediately drove inside the garage.
  After making sure Tara's binds were secured; I went into the house to turn
  on the lights. The light timer in the bomb shelter will stay on for another
  ninety minutes and that would give me enough time to introduce Tara to my pregnant
  sex slaves. Plus it gives me enough time to ass rape Colleen, who is now four
  months pregnant, to add more fear to Tara. After returning to the van Tara
  had already pulled her maternity shirt back down to cover her nudity. I untied
  her ankles without saying anything about the blouse except, "It's 9 PM Tara
  and, like I told you earlier, you'll have until midnight to have all of your
  clothes removed. Otherwise I will remove them and you might get hurt in the
  process." She is dragged out and shoved into the house after I placed her parka
  over her shoulders. "Before your clothes do come off Tara there are some girls
  who I like to introduce to you. After we go out of the back door we will walk
  to a bomb shelter entrance. Don't attempt to escape Tara because there is no
  place for you to run and you'll lose her child in the process. That is a promise
  Tara and not a threat."  
 She walked in front of me as we approached the bomb shelter. My eyes watched
  her ass pivot with each step, and I imagined fucking Colleen's nigger ass hole
  that made my dick long and stiff. As we stopped between the ground entrance
  door and the shelter entrance door, the duct tape that covered Tara's mouth
  is once again removed. Pressing her against the cement wall with my face next
  to her face I warned her not to pray out loud again. Her body trembled from
  fear as she wiped her eyes with her hands.  
 Both Colleen and Rachel stood after they seen us come in. Their bellies
  are enlarged from my child that is growing within them. I tied Tara's already
  bound wrists to the same bind that held Kira to the ceiling, after which I
  walked to the other girls. "Rachel -- Colleen. I am pleased to introduce to
  you Tara Lyman. This is the bitch who killed my wife and unborn child. She
  is also the reason why both of you are here and are impregnated by me. She'll
  spend most of the time with me in the house." Stopping by Rachel, I gently
  squeezed her growing breasts and kissed her on the neck. Leaving Rachel I walked
  slowly over to Colleen whose belly and boobs are both larger since she is one
  month further into the pregnancy. Just like Rachel I played with her (black)
  breasts and lifted them with my hands as I continued, "She is also due anytime
  now and both of you get to watch her give birth without giving her any help.
  She'll go through the entire process without the benefit of medication. The
  same thing you will be going through when your time arrives."  
 Without any warning I forced Colleen to bend downward over her bed and used
  my fingers to get her pussy wet. She begged me to stop since I raped her three
  days ago. Tara stared at me with disbelieve. My dick was ready for penetrating
  a pussy and I pulled it out of the unzipped section of my jeans and forced
  it into her tight and dry ass hole! Colleen screamed and howled from the intrusion
  into her dry anal entrance. It was only the second time that I raped her in
  the ass and like the first time three months ago she tried to stop me from
  pumping my white-man semen into her shit tube. As before she failed, and as
  before I grabbed her hair and pulled her up with my dick still embedded inside
  her ass hole. My right hand harshly gripped her neck as my left hand pinched
  her already sore large black nipples. "Now, for the bad news. Tara may already
  know if she is going to have a boy or a girl, but what she doesn't know and
  what you two don't know is that when she does give birth then one of you will
  die because I cannot support three sex slaves. I've already decided who is
  going to die if the child is a boy and who is going to die if the child is
  a girl. That one will die quickly and painlessly. If the child dies during
  the birth then Tara will face an agonizing death soon after giving birth."  
 Afterwards both Tara and I left the bomb shelter soon after I threw Colleen
  down on the floor. Tara sat on the couch motionless and silent, with her wrists
  untied, for quite a while even after I removed my clothing in front of her
  at 11:30 PM. All the time I shared many of the digital photo's I took of some
  of the women that I had raped -- including her good friend Kira Miles. I expected
  that in less than thirty minutes either she will be fighting me as I tear her
  clothing off or she will be sitting there motionless as her clothes are removed.
  On the other hand she did surprised me as she removed her red blouse fifteen
  minutes later, and by midnight Tara stood in front of me fully naked. Her nakedness
  made me ready to fuck her "Don't.... don't rape me, please. I'll fuck you right
  here and now...just don't hurt my baby!" With a smile I instructed her to choose
  the position she prefers to be screwed. Tara climbed on the couch with her
  ass and cunt towards me. Her knees held her up as her hands gripped the back
  of the couch, and with a small gasp from her my manhood easily slid into her
  pussy.  
 My hands gently cradled her huge belly as I gently rocked her body while
  feeling the unborn child move. "Your child is active tonight Tara. Perhaps
  I can rock him or her to sleep. Any ideal on the sex of the kid?" She told
  me that it is a girl, and that information told me who was to die when the
  child is born. "Great! Perhaps I can rape her when she becomes sixteen and
  show her pictures of you hours before she was born. Damn you feel so good Tara!
  I can fuck you this way for a long time without reaching my orgasm! I want
  you to tell me how much you love being fucked by me!" At first she mumbled
  that she does not like being fucked by me. Yet, after a little persuasion,
  she acknowledged how much she enjoyed it and how much better I am than her
  husband is!  
 By the first hour of the next day both of us are showering together. She
  begged me not to kill anyone because of her. She even offered her own life
  after she gives birth to save one of the others. However I reminded her that
  she is needed to nurse her child because the other two are not ready for nursing.
  Soon after her ankles are tied to my bed using ropes and I wrapped my arms
  around her with my hands cupping those marvelous breasts as we lay down to
  sleep. Before the sunrise I had my "morning rise" and rested the erect manhood
  in between her ass cheeks. As I had to go to work in the morning, Tara's wrists
  are locked to the headboard using handcuffs and her mouth is once again duct
  taped to prevent any unwanted noises.  
 A week has passed since I kidnapped her. Each day she is fucked in her pussy,
  mouth, and the ass hole. Plus, she is given various chores around the house
  to do in the nude. After I returned from work on Wednesday the 14th I checked
  on her and seen that she is in considerable pain. As I always did, Tara is
  released so that she could use the restroom. She walked to the toilet with
  difficulty. "So, your labor has finally started Tara. At least you do not have
  to worry about being fucked by me anytime soon. After you are finished we'll
  go to the shelter to await the birth of your little girl. I hope it's a long
  and hard labor for you!"  
 I had her wear clothing until we got below into the shelter where she became
  nude again. After having Tara sit down on the floor, I handcuffed her wrists
  to a ceiling chain and set up a video camera to tape the entire show. Rachel
  and Colleen chose there own spots to view and hear the undesirable birth. Both
  of them saw me unlock a cabinet and loaded a small caliber handgun. With Tara
  moaning in the background I reminded the two girls of what will happen when
  the child is born. One shot into the heart -- fast and painless. Four and a
  half-hours later Tara's water broke.  
 There was little rest for anyone the rest of the night. Tara moaned and
  even screamed in agony until way past mid-day. I almost caved in to her begging
  for mercy and something for the pain. Even Colleen felt sorry for her, and
  begged me to permit her to at least help her through the delivery. I told her
  to sit back on her bed and let the bitch suffer. Finally, around 6 PM on the
  15th her contractions started to get closer and about four hours later through
  her screams and the bleeding uterus the crown of the child's head started to
  leave its mothers body. At that time I forced the two other girls to sit on
  the floor facing Tara. She is cursing, cussing and screaming as the child got
  pushed through the tearing vagina and at 11:33 PM a newborn baby girl entered
  the world. As soon as the child came out I stepped behind one of the two girls
  and pointed the gun at her back, the loud echo of a gunshot startled the newborn
  and Rachel collapsed onto the floor with a bullet in her heart. Her body jerked
  a few minutes before it stopped moving. I told Colleen to check on Tara after
  she put the newborn on Tara's breast.  
 I helped Colleen carry the new mother to Colleen's own bed. Rachel's body
  got carried to the back of the van. In the morning I called in sick for the
  second day, and I drove the now stiff body back to Kentucky to a State Park
  near her mother's home. As I drove towards Kentucky I stopped by a pay phone
  (using a phone card) and called Tara's husband on his celluar phone. The cop
  was not available so I left a message letting him know of his newborn daughter,
  plus I told him that a video tape (after editing) will be dropped off at a
  pre-determined location of proof that she is alive and well. Rachel's body
  got left in a deep (stream-cut) ravine where I knew she would be covered by
  a growing snowdrift.  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
Wednesday February 12, 2003. Tara and her child are both doing well, however
  Colleen told me that Tara has a permanent tear on her urethra that may cause
  future problems with sex and other children-to-be. Being in the middle of winter
  my hunt for women in the open has turned up nothing. I looked through the classified
  ads to see if I can perhaps get into a woman's house and rape her there. I
  searched for items that women would sell as well as the sound of the voice
  that tells me the approximate age. Finally I scouted the homes that the items
  were at. Unfortunately though most of the homes are at a poor location to assault
  a woman, however one house was out on the county roads and it is a very expensive
  house. My next sex slave will be a rich upper class bitch.  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 The scheduled time to see the antique "grandfather clock" will be in two
  hours at a large two-story house in a county to the south of my home. As I
  do everyday, the three girls were checked up on. Tara was nursing her newborn
  who she appropriately named "Rachel". Both of the adult females were secured
  to chains. "It's about time for me to leave girls and rape a rich bitch south
  of here. I'll take pictures especially for you Tara since it is your fault
  that she is going to be raped." As I left the shelter Tara yelled at me, however
  I ignored everything she had said.  
 In my oversize parka are ropes; duct tape; a knife; and a gun. Enough merchandise
  to assure that my sex object will not escape. Of the ropes I always carried
  more than I need in case there is more than one person. My van had too much
  damage from the collision to Tara's car so I am forced to purchase another
  used pick-up truck. My health is getting worse though. Along with the cancer
  that will end my life I have contracted syphilis from one of the girls that
  I raped. At least I will give my future victims a gift if they do not become
  pregnant.  
 As with the other planned rapes I visualized how the assault would take
  place. As we look at the clock I will turn and put the gun to her head; she
  will be forced to go to a bedroom and kneel next to the bed; after her wrists
  are tied behind her back and her mouth duct taped she will be thrown face up
  on the bed; the blouse and brassier will be torn off to build the terror; the
  breasts will be "played" with to get my erection started; pants and panties
  will be ripped off; and before penetration her legs will be thrusted up to
  her chest. I plan to be in and out in under an hour and leave the girl lying
  on the bed bound and naked.  
 Keeping with the security ritual, I made sure that no one saw me go to the
  house. Leaving the keys inside the ignition I made my way to the house. Imagine
  my disappointment when a sixteen-year-old boy answered the door. He is an American
  Indian who is masculine built wearing gray sweatpants and a muscle shirt. His
  mother came into the room after I was invited in. A beautiful slender build
  woman in her later thirties or early forties with the complexion of a twenty
  year old. She is wearing a three-piece business suit with a beige jacket; black
  knee length skirt, and a black front-buttoned blouse. She told her son to get
  back in studying his biology lesson. "Home schooling?", I asked. She nodded
  her head. The walls of the house are hung with Indian decorations. As we walked
  closer to the clock I thought on how I can get what I want even with her son
  in the house. As she spoke about the clock, the answer came to my mind.  
 She stopped talking when the barrel of the gun touched her temple. "Scream,
  and both you and your son are dead." I spoke to her quietly. She is not going
  to know that she is going to be raped yet. "I'm going to take a few things
  out of your house after you and your son are tied up. Let's go to your son's
  room and remember what I said about screaming or making a sound." As we walked
  my heart pounded in fear that it is not going to work. However, the line has
  been crossed and I must complete the assault. Her boy jumped up when he saw
  us come in the room with a gun to his moms head! The sound of my voice went
  up to an angry tone; "Do you want your mom dead? Turn your chair around and
  sit down; otherwise your mom's brains will be splattered in your room!" His
  mom quietly told him to do as I ordered.  
 I handed the native Indian mom ropes from my coat pocket as well as the
  duct tape. She tied her son's wrists and covered his mouth with duct tape just
  as she was ordered to. Now that her son is secured I can go along and have
  more fun with her, as she found herself standing in front of her son with me
  behind her. The gun is pointed at her son as my hand rests on her shoulder. "I
  had a change of plan injun. Before I rob you of your jewelry and other shit,
  you are going to be raped in front of your son." I have immediately felt her
  body weaken from the one thing that she probably feared worse. Naturally, she
  attempted to beg me not to rape her and she told me that her husband would
  be home soon. Unfortunately for her I already studied her life before I came.
  I told her that she has been divorced for over seven months as I unbuttoned
  the top of her black blouse. Her son got agitated at me as my hand slipped
  into her blouse, and his mom tried unsuccessfully to keep her composer as I
  reached her left breast and squeezed it. As my hand investigated the soft yet
  firm feminine utter I reprimanded her son, "You are the man of the house? You
  can't even protect your mom! I bet you want to see your mom's tits, or even
  feel them yourself. Her breast is soft and firm." Speaking directly to the
  mother I told her to remover her jacket and blouse while facing her son.  
 She stopped when she got to her blue brassier, but after a nodding with
  the handgun, she got the non-verbal cue to remove her bra as well. Stepping
  closer to her I moved her shoulder length jet-black hair to look down upon
  her chest. I am pleasantly surprised when I seen the erect breasts. Her large
  dark brown nipples centered on the huge dark brown areola, and I could not
  resist the temptation to tease the naked right nipple. I moved my pelvis next
  to her ass so that she could feel my erection. My eyes noticed the growing
  bulge inside of her son's pants which is exactly as I hoped. "I've noticed
  that you like seeing your mommies boobs kid. Let's take a look at what I'm
  going to fuck on the bed! Remove your slacks and panties mommy and show us
  your ass and pussy, otherwise I'll do it myself after I smash your face in
  front of your son!". She apologized to her son as she dropped her slacks/panties
  to the floor. I noticed her covering her breasts with one arm as well as her
  pussy with her other hand. I released my dick outside the pants to let it probe
  her tight ass cheeks before ordering her to get down on her hands and knees
  with her ass pointed toward me. The Indian maiden begged me not to rape her
  ass hole as I forced her legs apart.  
 Her fat pussy tissues are now in my sight. The dark brown folds of the outer
  vaginal lips were dry to the touch of my fingers however I knew that eventually
  they would become wet, and the tense entrance muscles will also soon relax
  by the teasing or a forced penetration. "I bet you miss having a man to fuck
  you injun. You have a teenage boy who can probably hold his erection longer
  than us old bastards. I'll make a deal with you. I won't rape you if you decide
  to fuck your son in front of me. Not only vaginal sex, but also an oral as
  well as an anal sex. If you do all three then I will not rape you." Next I
  reached over her and pulled down her boy's pants and briefs. His dick is longer
  than mine is and curved. As his mom still did not move I positioned myself
  over her with my hands playing with her tits and the head of my dick pressing
  the entrance of her pussy. After telling her that she is running out of time
  to start deciding the woman spoke up, "You promise not to rape me if I make
  love to my son? You are a sick bastard! Please, I'll give him oral sex and
  I'll take him in my ass. But I am not fixed and I'm near the time when I can
  get pregnant. Please, I beg you, I don't want to have natural sex with him
  and take the chance of getting pregnant." I held her tight as I pushed my dick
  into her pussy. She gasped a loud, NO! "My milk or your sons milk. You have
  the choice." I answered her. "OK, I'll do as you say. I'll fuck my son instead..." Interrupting
  her mid-sentenced I finished, "...and continue past his orgasm..." Her hand
  gently pulled my dick out of her pussy, "Yes...I...will."  
 She covered her son's dick with her mouth as I sat on the bed. With her
  ass and pussy pointed towards me I was able to get some very sexy digital pictures.
  Moving around to the front I took pictures of her boys cock in her mouth. "Makes
  sure you lick it with your tongue mommy. It needs to get as large as possible
  as you know." After a few minutes I ordered her to get up and to sit on her
  sons lap with her back facing him. Grabbing her wrists I told her to grasp
  her sons dick and guide it into her pussy. She just sat there with him inside
  of her. I spoke to her son, "You know you want to fuck her. Now pump yourself
  deep into her. When she gets off of you I expect to see your semen dripping
  out of her hole." Neither of them moved yet so I struck his mom's forehead
  with the butt of the gun... "I SAID FUCK HER OR I'LL RAPE HER NOW!" With his
  mom crying he started to move his hips to pump into her.  
 She held onto his legs and moved rhythm of with the intercourse between
  mother and son. Her boobs bounced with every thrust as blood from the gun butt
  wound drip down her face. She gasped, as the thrusts became more intense and
  faster. In a short time he held his movement deep in her, and I knew that he
  delivered the gift of life to his mom. I ordered the woman to get up slightly
  to let his dick slide out of her. Her son's dick was saturated with white semen,
  and forcing her to use the hand again I had her guide the slimy muscle into
  her ass hole. Her faced etched in pain as it entered, and she moved up and
  down without me telling her. I moved closer to her and forced my dick into
  her mouth to get the dick stronger.  
 I felt the rush of milk almost ready to come out. The mom was violently
  pulled off of her son and thrown over the footboard of his bed. I leaped around
  to the side and dragged her more over the bed and got on top of her. She screamed, "NO.
  YOU PROMISED!" My closed fist slammed into her face before I grabbed her kicking
  and thrusting legs. The fight for the pussy was exhilarating as she fought
  back hard, but I fought back as well as I smashed my fist into her face and
  chest. As our bodies fought our two sex organs met each other as I felt the
  hot, wet, and tacky opening of her pussy. Being already opened from the previous
  fuck I slid inside her effortlessly. Her legs got pinned by my arms as I forced
  them to spread apart. Her fight has been taken out of her as her eyelids were
  swollen closed and her nose and lips bled rapidly. Finishing delivering my
  semen was not difficult at all.  
 Sliding off of her I looked into the kid's closet and was satisfied by the
  amount of room it has. His mom was pulled off of his bed by her hair and I
  slammed her headfirst into the closet and closed the door. The mother was crying
  loudly in the closet as I approached her very angry son, "You failed to protect
  your mom the first time kid. I'm sure your mom did not appreciate that. Don't
  make the mistake again. If you or your mom reports this rape then I will be
  back. and when I do come back then I WILL MAKE SURE THAT YOU WILL NEVER SEE
  YOUR MOM ALIVE AGAIN!"  
 I left the house after forty-five minutes. I second-guessed what I should
  have done. Maybe I should not have raped this time. Both of them had seen my
  face. As my engine idled I thought about going in there and killing them, however
  I felt that the mother might not want to report this humiliation. After I got
  home I turned on the television to listen to the local news in the county that
  I was in. As I listened to the news a suicide/homicide occurred at the house
  that I was at. The mother killed her son and then committed suicide. According
  to police it appears that her own son raped her. I was lucky this time round,
  but the bad news is that the police will probably located my DNA in the semen
  during the autopsy. However, no positive DNA identification of me is on any
  records.  
 The girls in the bomb shelter have seen the extra pictures that I took of
  the Indian family. As well as the news report of their deaths. I also videotaped
  Tara in the nude for her to send a message to her husband that includes a video
  of me raping her. Too bad there is nothing he could do to protect his wife.  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 Friday March 21, 2003. I am getting bored with Tara and Colleen as my prisoners,
  and it is more than likely that I will not be alive to see the birth of Colleen's
  and my child. After the previous days sunset Colleen was brought out of the
  shelter to the upstairs room and (much to her dismay) forcibly used her for
  sex. Very late that night I took her to a remote spot in the county where she
  could contact her husband using the celluar phone. After a tearful thirty-minute
  conversation with her husband I took her back to the house where I left her
  with Tara. Tara was fast asleep when we came in and I quietly ordered Colleen
  not to say a word. Soon after Tara was fighting for her dignity as my cock
  was forced into her ass hole. The screams woke her infant daughter from her
  sleep and her childhood wails joined the unnatural chorus of her mother's cries.
  The afternoon turned out to be a warm spring day of the week, and it brought
  out two joggers at a local county park.  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 The county park is on the grounds of a former military base. It has numerous
  equestrian trails, shooting ranges, as well as other outdoor recreation amenities.
  Next to the trailhead of the park wildlife path I spotted a lone car parked.
  It is the only car that I seen in the park and after glancing through its window
  I spotted a woman's purse partially hidden under the driver's seat. Double-checking
  around me I did not see or hear any other cars. I left my car parked at another
  nearby parking lot and took out a small handgun as well as my digital camera.
  I also took a pill from a sample of Cialis just in case I do find the girl
  and my dick does not work properly.  
 The problem with the trail at the nature preserve is that goes in a loop.
  So I had to try to figure out what direction the girl took. Fortunately, there
  are patches of snow un-melted from indirect sunlight and on such a patch were
  impressions of not one but two footprints. Both prints are about the same size
  so perhaps there are two women out there. I walked opposite of their direction
  on the 3.5-mile trail. I traveled this trail many times before. It is a heavily
  wooded path with a few seasonal creek beds. The topography is level all the
  way and the only nearby road is the one where the parking lot is. A half-hour
  into the woods I spotted my target through the naked forest, and as I hoped
  there are two joggers approaching my direction. Both of them stopped six feet
  in front of me when they saw the handgun and heard what I said, "Do exactly
  as I tell you and you will not be hurt. Otherwise both of you will be shot." The
  taller one has an oval shaped face, thin round glasses for her brown eyes,
  and shoulder length wavy brown hair, and the second and definitely younger
  jogger has a round shaped face with shoulder length brown straight hair. Unlike
  the taller and older jogger she did not have glasses to cover her blue eyes.  
 Both of them got down onto their knees as I ordered them to do so. After
  they done that I took a photograph of them before I slowly walked around them
  with the gun constantly being pointed at them. The young girl turned her head
  at me slightly, "That is not a good ideal young lady. Keep looking forward
  and you may just live to see the sunset." After she turned her head the older
  one attempted to throw a bluff, "We are not alone. My husband will be jogging
  here as well pretty soon..." I stopped her mid-sentence, "Then you better pray
  that he doesn't show up. Because if he does then I will arrange a double-murder/suicide,
  and your husband will have the gun in his hand. You are lying lass. Trying
  to get me to run. Because you know that we are the only three out here. For
  that lie both of you will remove your tops and your bra's"  
 At first neither of them did. The younger one looked at the older one as
  she just looked straight on. After a few extra moments of not doing as I told
  them, the fibber's lower spine received a swift and powerful kick from my hiking
  boot. She fell to the side holding her back and crying in pain. The young girl
  bent over to comfort her, however she met up with my gun to her face. "I told
  both of you to take off your tops and bra's. You are a few seconds from a swift
  kick in the ribs that will probably break one or two. TAKE THEM OFF!" She gave
  a slight nod with tears streaming from her eyes and pulled her gray sweatshirt
  upward from the waist. After the sweatshirt came completely off she turned
  her back and reluctantly removed her blue sports bra. I noticed she crossed
  her arms over the top of her chest.  
 Looking to the other jogger on the ground I noticed that she still has not
  removed anything. As she lay buckled I put the gun back in my pocket and grabbed
  her red sweatshirt from the back and pulled it upward with her hands trying
  to stop me. I continued to kick her stomach and ribs until she gave up fighting.
  As she lay there I ripped off her floral pattern cotton bra. I grabbed her
  hair and pulled her next to her young friend who consoled her. "Get her back
  on her knees. If you girls refuse to do as you are told then you will be hurt.
  You, what is you and your friend's names?" I pressed my finger against the
  younger girl's naked back. Her name is Laura, and her work associates name
  is Joyce.  
 After a photograph was taken of their backs I moved around to the other
  side. Both were hiding their boobs with their arms, of which they soon put
  them to their sides at the suggestion of the gun that I have. Laura's breasts
  are still erect and firm "B" cup size with medium size dark pink nipples and
  matching color areola that covers 33% of the area of her breasts. Near the
  start of the cleavage at the upper right hand corner of her right boob is a
  pink birthmark. Plus, her navel has an amethyst colored navel ring embedded
  in it.  
 Her older friend Joyce is showing her age with her drooping breasts. She
  has milky white "A" or perhaps "B" cups. Her flattened large nipples are not
  pink as her younger friends are but more brown, and the matching color areola
  also cover one third of the breasts area. Plus I could see the forming bruising
  on her skin from my onslaught to get her to do what I demanded her. After taking
  a number of photographs of their motherhood I again moved behind them and started
  to ask personal questions. With Joyce being first, she answered the questions
  after receiving more bruising on her back from a flexible young tree stalk.  
 The 43-year old has been divorced for four years and she has three children,
  all of which are grown and are in college. Even though she is divorced she
  is still sexually active. She gave oral and vaginal sex three days ago and
  she has had her tubes tied. However, to the surprise of both Laura, and me
  she has also had several lesbian relationships and she wanted to have a sexual
  relationship with Laura. Next, I asked Laura the same type of questions without
  any difficulty. She is 20-years old (that same age as Joyce's youngest and
  last daughter), unmarried, and still a virgin being a Mormon. Her last period
  ended about three weeks ago. She is also a bit upset that Joyce has been using
  their friendship to get sex from her after I asked how she felt after what
  Joyce has said.  
 Joyce stood up and stood in front of the kneeling Laura after I ordered
  her to. At least she is now following instructions. "Laura, pull down her pants
  and panties to her ankles." She done what I said just before a cold breeze
  came through the leafless forest. Joyce's flat nipples instantly got erect
  from the coldness as well as goose bumps forming all over her from the cold.
  She stood there shivering from fear, humiliation, and the cold. Her hands moved
  in front of her pink puffy pussy with an average coat of brown pubic hair. "Move
  your hands to the sides Joyce and spread your legs. Laura, she wanted sex from
  you. So, get on your hands and knees and both lick and kiss that pussy of hers.
  Make it real wet and loose because I am going to fuck her." Laura turned and
  looked at me. This time she was crying more, "What are you going to do to me?
  Are you going to rape me as well?" I again ordered her to suck Joyce's pussy.
  As she started to do so my hand burrowed onto the crotch of her pants and I
  answered her question, "Maybe I will, and maybe I won't." After a while I could
  tell that Joyce was enjoying the oral teasing of her pussy. "Laura, rape her
  pussy with your fingers. Then I want you to shove your whole fist into her
  pussy later on."  
 I moved around behind Joyce and held her in place. Laura only put her fingers
  slightly into the pussy. My free hand grabbed Laura's hair as I brought her
  face upward to me. "Fist rape her Laura, or I will rape your pussy next and
  give you all my sperm and semen. Perhaps you have an egg in your tubes now
  waiting for them? Force your fist into her, NOW!" The intrusion was not bothering
  her as much as I hoped, so I had Laura stand up with her fist still in the
  lesbian's womanhood. "Teach her a lesson Laura. Suck her nipples and then bite
  into them. I want to hear Joyce cry in pain." One hand cupped the left breast
  and I smiled as Laura's mouth covered the right breast and after I told Laura
  to bite the nipple Joyce jumped in pain. But the fun did not end there as I
  moved my hand off of her breast and pulled out my hardened cock and pressed
  it against her back. The fingers then found there way in between her butt cheeks
  and into the tight ass hole. Joyce tried to stop my fingers going more deep
  into that tight hole. "That is enough Laura. Get back on your knees and pull
  down the rest of your clothing." She stared at me shaking her head all the
  time. A second command for her to do it did not bring any results. Which is
  too bad for Joyce as the butt of my gun struck her head that caused her to
  collapse and lose consciousness.  
 With Joyce out of the way temporary I put my attention on Laura who is crying
  to her god to stop me. Either her god did not care, or her god did not listen
  to her because she soon had me on top of her with my hand covering her mouth
  as we fought over her pants and panties. After getting angry by her refusal
  to permit me to get into her pussy I struck across her face with my hand numerous
  times until her resistance surrendered. I got up and pulled off the rest of
  her clothing before I got my camera to take an image of her bushy pussy. My
  anger still burned as I forcibly pulled her legs apart to take pictures of
  the opened cave. Grabbing her right hand I pressed her long fingers into her
  own entrance and forced her to rub the outer regions until she was able to
  enter it easily. Finally, after kneeling over her I forced her to grab my cock
  and to guide it into her pussy. The scene is captured in my digital camera.  
 Her face showed the displeasure of my dick going into her. She matched my
  hip movements with hers as my hand held her throat tightly and I seen the agony
  on her face when she felt the rushing of semen into her. The Cialis pill kept
  my erection as I put all my weight on her and continued to do a slow fucking
  motion into her. Glancing to the side I noticed that Joyce was trying to move.
  Before getting off of the young ex-virgin I expected her to follow my next
  instruction, "Unless you want to be raped in your ass hole you will keep your
  legs open Laura." Joyce soon found herself being dragged over to Laura and
  onto her knees. She is clearly shaken by the previous onslaught by me and has
  very little fight in her. She took my dick into her mouth with some hesitation
  and I pushed it in all the way to her throat to the point of gagging as one
  hand continued to gently play with her left boob. Joyce quickly moved her face
  away from my dick as she threw-up the contents of her stomach. Blood was included
  with the internal bodily fluids. I held onto Joyce's hair, "You wanted to have
  sex with Laura? There she is on the ground all naked for you. As you can see
  her pussy is very messy and smelly now from my personal semen and I think that
  you should clean her pussy and hair off with your tongue." Before either girl
  had a chance to react Joyce's face is forced down onto Laura's motherhood.
  Laura started to scoot away however I was able to grab her legs and hold her.
  Eventually I had Joyce hold her legs and she started to lap the hair and folds
  of the young woman's vagina. I walked around taking various pictures of the
  girls with more pictures on the visible sexual organs.  
 All the while I kept my dick hard and soon after both girls were constrained
  I easily pushed it into Joyce's pussy and gently rocked into her, "Keep holding
  on to Laura. If you cannot get what you want by the girl then you have to rape
  them. Go ahead and put your fist into her if you want or finger her. You know
  that you want that young body. You can imagine that she is your own daughter!" As
  she got used to me fucking her pussy she never expected that I would pull it
  out and go into her ass hole. She struggled as I raped the virgin ass. The
  medication for the dick kept it up as I drove deep and hard into Joyce holding
  on to the hair on her skull.  
 I left the girls alive in the woods. Their brassiere's are used to bind
  their wrists to tree trunks and their panties are shoved into their mouths.
  I watched from a hidden location to see the girls come out and get to their
  car. After about thirty minutes I saw them. Both were arguing at each other
  and Laura went into the driver's seat locking Joyce out. "I guess you do not
  like the lesbian, Laura. I do not blame you." I said quietly out loud.  
 As Laura drove away she through out Joyce's purse, and the lesbian started
  to walk alone on the desolated road. Joyce never saw what my car looked like
  and at first she was happy to see a car pull over to her hitchhiking thumb
  until she saw the driver. Joyce started to run and I ran the car into her.
  The dazed lesbian screamed as I dragged her into the car. Her nude body was
  dumped in the Salamonie State Forest after raping her two more times in the
  car. Her life ended after I fired three bullets into her while the barrel of
  the gun was inside her pussy. A fitting end for a lesbian. On the other hand
  Laura never reported the rape because I mailed her some of the digital photographs
  of her being raped and I promised that they would be on the web if she reports
  the rape.  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 Monday April 14, 2003. Since the last two rapes I have done I had virtually
  no energy to do anything due to the medication I was taking. Instead of raping
  Tara I found more enjoyment just talking to her. We spent hours of talking.
  Each time she tried to reason with me to release her, the child, and Colleen.
  I know my time is nearing an end. I chose to kidnap one more person. A young
  nurse at the doctor's office that I go to. Each month that I saw my physician
  I spied on the petite brown haired girl, and I watched when she left and what
  vehicle she took. After I left that afternoon I went to a motel and checked
  in. That evening after 8:00 PM I was hiding in the back of her van. I deliberately
  quit taking that medication to get more energy back, plus I also took some
  Cialis to make sure I have the final erection that I need.  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 The dome lamp in the van is switched in the "off" position after I stepped
  in. The idiot nurse forgot to check if all the doors were locked. Using a blanket
  she had thrown on the back seat I covered my body and waited. At 8:15 PM the
  door opened and my last victim slid into her seat and we were on the road in
  less than a minute as she played loud heavy metal on her radio/CD player. I
  knew the city well enough where I could visualize the roads she is taking.
  I soon realized that we are out of town and I figured that she would be coming
  up to a stop sign. My estimate is correct and as soon as she stopped I got
  up and pressed a knife blade against her neck, "Put the van in park and keep
  your hands on the steering wheel." With the van parked I got to the front seat.  
 The nurse, in her green work clothes, turned and faced me after I turned
  on the dome light. She instantly recognized who I was and started to talk to
  me. I knew if I let her talk then I would become more "human" and show mercy, "SHUT
  UP!" She did not listen to me and started to try to talk some sense into me.
  The palm of my left hand struck her face with all my might, "I TOLD YOU TO
  SHUT UP. TURN LEFT AND GO WHERE I TELL YOU TO GO OR I WILL SLICE YOUR THROAT
  IN HALF!" She placed her hand on the reddened side of the face and realized
  that I meant what I said for she put the van in drive and turned to the left.
  I turned off the dome light once again. She cried as she drove slowly through
  the dark and lonely roads. I directed her to drive to a hunting area that is
  dark and had no other vehicles. There I had her to park and turn off the engine.
  The nurse sat in her seat trembling and spoke softly, "Whatever you are going
  to do to me Mark then do it. But I going to tell you...I love you, but Jesus
  loves you a lot more." For a moment I stopped thinking about raping her, but
  I wanted to fuck her good and hard. I had to get her talk about something else.
  I found out that she has recently married before she started to talk about
  Jesus again. I located duct tape in the van earlier and used the tape to close
  that mouth once and for all!  
 After closing her mouth I brought the knife to the front of her throat with
  my left hand. My right hand went to one of the breast forms on her uniform
  to, during the entire time I told her if she resisted then her husband will
  not see her alive. After making the nipple firm my free hand unbuttoned two
  of the center buttons of her work uniform and slid into between the uniform
  and the skin gliding to as well as under the brassier. Her face pointed upward
  as I continued to feel the soft skin of her young breast. Taking my hand out
  of her brassier I grabbed the lining of the unbuttoned center and pulled on
  it to rip off the remaining buttons. Switching the dome light back on I seen
  her full floral patterned brassier. Now, she is taking heavy breaths as my
  faced moved closer to her brassier covered torso. She started to cry as I gently
  kissed her cleavage, and at the same time my knife moved from her throat to
  the left bra strap to cut it and then over to the right side to do the same. "As
  you probably have figured out Mrs. Newlywed bride you are going to be raped",
  I guaranteed her, "You can try to fight me if you wish but I wouldn't advise
  it. Think about how your husband would feel if he finds out that you have been
  raped? It would be far better for the both of you if you do not try to fight
  me." The blade of the knife moved down to the center of the bra and sliced
  through it. The two "A" size cups gently slid off of her breasts.  
 Her left hand grabbed the armrest and clenched it tightly, and at the same
  time her head shook vigorously with her tear soaked eyes closed tightly. Her
  small breasts has pink nipples that form a peak on smaller mounds, and surrounding
  the feminine mountains are a plateau of pink areola covering a quarter of her
  breasts. Soon both breasts are completely covered by one of my hands or my
  mouth. After a few minutes of suckling and teasing I lifted my head to watch
  her expression as my right hand moved downward past her naval and into her
  slacks and panties. She screamed under the duct tape as my hand ran into pubic
  hair that is not soft and smooth but hard and bristly, then I felt warm dampness
  as it forced itself in between her legs. I pulled my hand out to verify my
  assumption that she is in her "period". After seeing my bloody finger I smiled
  at her, "Hey at least you got some good news out of this rape. You won't get
  pregnant from me fucking you." She tried at first to stop me as I forced her
  pants down to her knees, but she soon realized that fighting me would be in
  vain. " I ordered you out here to fuck you and that is what I am going to do.
  The big question is what are you planning to do. You can do one of three things
  -- craw to the seat behind us and lay down with your legs wide open; you can
  slide on top of my lap and guide my dick into your pussy; or you can do nothing
  except either fight me or do not fight me as I get on top of you one way or
  another -- and you have less than two minutes to decide."  
 My eyes glanced at her panel clock to watch the time, however I did not
  have to wait too long as the nurse pushed her pants off completely and moved
  to the seat behind us. After she lay down on the seat she voluntary spread
  her thighs apart and then she covered her naked chest with the blouse. As she
  waited she closed her eyes. She did not have to wait long for me as I left
  my jeans on and pulled the very erect penis out of the zipper slit on my pants.
  The Cialis has made my manhood very long and large that made it perfect to
  violate her. As I got over her I again removed the covering on top of her breasts
  and bent downward to suckle her like a newborn child. Soon I moved my body
  upward and used my hand to guide the dick to the edge of the bloody hole. Her
  hole, being already saturated with blood, is extremely easy to slide into.
  The medication I had not only caused problems with my dick (of which Cialis
  has taken care of), but it also affected my prostate gland and that took much
  longer than usual to force her to take my semen. The long effort helped create
  fogged windows, and after finishing her I climbed over into the front seat
  and pulled her pants back to her. I waited for her to get dressed and ordered
  her to sit up where I bound her wrists with her the remains of her brassier
  and pushed her back down on the seat before I gave her the freedom to talk
  by removing the duct tape off of her mouth. After that was all done I moved
  into the driver's seat and hit the road once again.  
 She asked me what I was going to do to her. For the first time I had no
  answer. "I am tired of killing, and my life is almost over with, as you probably
  know. I will release you before sunrise with two other girls whom I have incarcerated
  at my house." She remained quiet for a few minutes. However, she started to
  talk to me and I could not help but listen to her. I told her of all the rapes
  that I had done during the past year and why I decided to rape -- after all,
  why should I be quiet now. The girls that I tortured and murdered, and the
  ones that are being held against their will. Then she told me that I raped
  children of God and how I felt about that. Before I answered I had to pull
  over due to an increasing amount of pain from the cancer. After it subsided
  I continued the trek to my home, "If Tara did not kill my wife then things
  would have been different. If Tara was more punished... then who knows? Marie
  knew more of God than I did. He permitted her and our unborn child to die,
  just like he permitted you and other woman to be raped and sometimes killed.
  So, tell me what sort of God is that?" I spoke in a monotone. She answered
  almost immediately, "The kind of God who completely understands all types of
  pain, and a type of God who loves you so much that he wants to forgive you
  and forget anything that you have done." I did not believe her, and she sensed
  my disbelieve but she continued to talk.  
 We spoke about my late wife's believes as I drove to my house. I did not
  want to take the chance of the nurse's van being spotted so I parked behind
  the house. My body collapsed from another bout of extreme pain and blood saturated
  vomit. I knew that I would be dead before sunrise and I wanted to die at a
  certain location. I moved the nurse to my own van that is still inside the
  garage. "You are not going to die today." I assured her. "The time is of my
  war is over and the prisoners must be free. Only one last duty to perform." I
  went to the bomb shelter first and met the two women and one baby girl. Both
  of the women became frightened as I opened up the natural gas lines. As the
  gas started to fill the ex-bomb shelter I released there locks and guided both
  of them upstairs. Once to the van the two naked girls were also secured to
  prevent any escape. Going back into my house I picked up my late wife's pet
  cat. The cat purred as I petted its head and I spoke out loud, "Marie. Help
  me. God would never forgive me what I've done." As I looked through our house
  one last time I came across my late wife's bible and read the passages that
  it was open on. The passages spoke of forgiveness.  
 I took the cat out to the van and went back inside to open up all the gas
  lines I could find. The furnace thermostat was turned down slightly to five
  degree's cooler than the room was. Both Tara's and Colleen's cell phones were
  with me, and as soon as the garage door opened up I drove out with the three
  girls bound in the back. I drove as pain started to get worse. I though about
  the passages that I read and asked the nurse more about the forgiveness that
  the bible told about. After driving a few miles we all heard the thundering
  sound of two explosions that I had no doubt came from my house. I continued
  to drive even as emergency vehicles drove past me, and I finally reached the
  place I wanted to go to. The van slowly moved to the furthest road where I
  stopped near the gravestone of my wife. The pain was almost unbearable and
  my vision was slowly going. I turned around to the girls one last time, "I
  am sorry for what I have done to all of you. You were right Tara; it doesn't
  kill the anguish. Colleen, please don't kill the baby because of me. Give it
  to someone else if you do not want it." My cat came to me as if it knew of
  my anguish and pain; "You have given me more joy than you will know Caleb.
  I could not let you die in the house. Please Tara, I ask that you would find
  him a good home. Your phones are on the front seat here." Unfortunately, Tara
  promised me that she would put my cat to sleep. I went back to them and loosened
  the binds to the nurse. "Go on. Get them out of here and leave me to die next
  to my wife."  
 I stepped out of the van and felt the cold air. The stars shined brightly
  above me as I stumbled to Marie's grave stone. My eyesight failed as the van
  took off. "I am so sorry honey. Please forgive me for all that I had done.
  I miss you so much." My tears and shaking voice joined the silence of the woods.
  Soon though a new sound of footsteps approached me, and sound of a loud and
  very familiar purr is with it. "Marie cannot decide if you will be forgiven
  Mark. It is Jesus himself." The voice that spoke to me so gently is that of
  the nurse. "If Marie is in heaven then you still have the chance to once again
  meet her. Jesus does love you Mark and he very much wants you to come to heaven.
  All you have to do is ask him for his forgiveness." The cat jumped on my lap
  and my hand went to it to pet it. I continued spoke to the nurse and I heard
  distant sirens in the background. My body felt cold and I cried out loud to
  God and Jesus as I heard sirens become more loudly in the far distance. After
  a whole year I felt more love that I felt when my wife was alive. The last
  thing I heard was my cat purring and I felt my body collapse back onto the
  cold granite stone.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mark


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





