BDSM Library - A Confession




A Confession
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A rapist confesses his crimes in harrowing detail.  His level of debauchery increases with each act he commits.  How far will he go...
*********************************************************

This is intended for adult audiences, only for those
over 21 and NOT for younger ages and/or anyone who
finds this subject matter offensive or objectionable.
It IS fiction, entirely the product of imaginary
storyform and any similarity to anyone anywhere is
strictly coincidence.

WARNING: Contains controversial explicit sexual
situations! DO NOT read any further if this kind of
material has no appeal to you.


***************************************************




A confession by Dom Master...

Chapter 1 - Eve

     I don't actually know her name, but since she was my first 'experience', I
thought I'd just call her Eve.  I happened upon Eve quite by chance.  It was the
end of a long evening of cruising.  I like to cruise the local apartment
buildings looking for the occasional sneak peek, but I hadn't had any luck and
was more frustrated than when the evening began.  I was turning out of the back
lot, driving slow to get that one last look, when I saw something in the bushes
next to the drive.  I glanced over and spotted a young woman peeing.  Before I
could think about what I was doing, I turned off the engine and jumped through
the bushes behind her.  She was squatted down with her jeans around her ankles
and was so startled she fell forward with her arms pinned beneath her.  Her feet
were tangled in her jeans, and prevented her from getting up.  Before she could
move, I jumped on her back and pressed her hard into the ground.  I covered her
mouth with my hand, pulled her head back and whispered into her ear,  "If you
make a sound, you'll never see tomorrow."

     To emphasize my point, I pulled her head back even further and squeezed her
bulging throat with my other hand.  I held her like that for a few seconds,
cutting off her air supply.  I then asked her if she understood and she quickly
nodded yes.

     I couldn't believe what I was doing, it had all happened so fast.  I had
never been a violent person, but there I was, about to RAPE this innocent girl. 
For a moment, I thought about jumping back into my car and getting the fuck out
of there before I did something really stupid.  After all, the worst thing I had
done before that was peek in a few windows.  Always from my car.  And there was
always something they could have done to stop me, like close the curtains.  But
there I was, forcing this girl to do something completely against her will. 

     After a few seconds of deliberation, I began to feel Eve's body beneath
mine.  I had relaxed my grip on her throat, but she was still breathing very
quickly, making her body rock under mine.  My crotch was pressed into her naked
ass and her rocking pushed me over the edge.  My cock had never been so hard and
the thought of what I was about to do had me shaking almost as much as Eve.  I
decided if I was going to do this, I had better do it before somebody happened
to walk past my car and notice us.  Besides, if I didn't do something soon, I
was going to blow my load in my pants. 

     I didn't trust her enough to uncover her mouth, so I reached down with my
free hand, undid my belt and fly and pushed my jeans down to my hips.  I had a
hell of a time getting my underwear down far enough, but I finally managed.  At
last I could feel my flesh touching hers and the first few drops of my precum
bubbled out.  I pushed my hand between her legs, and was surprised to find her
cunt dripping wet.  I whispered into her ear again,  "You're really getting into
this, aren't you slut?"

     She shook her head no, but I wasn't paying attention.  I raised my hips up,
and pushed the head of my cock into her cunt.  With one steady push, I buried my
8 inches into her until my balls pressed against her thighs.  She let out a
muffled groan and tried to squirm away, so I squeezed my hand tighter on her
mouth until she stopped.  I then pulled out, keeping just the head of my dick in
her, and then I buried myself again in one steady push.  By now, her pussy was
soaked and I was able to develop a steady rhythm.

     Lying there in the dark, behind the bushes, I could only hear the squishing
sounds made from fucking, and her muffled moans.  A thousand thoughts went
though my mind of all the things I could do to this girl as I reached my free
hand under her to grope her tits.  She was still flat against the ground, so I
raised up just a bit, and pulled up on her.  She raised up too, giving my hand
free access to her chest.  I made sure her arms were still pinned so there
wouldn't be any vain attempts to get away.  At first, I softly caressed her firm
tits.  They must've been just about perfect 36c's because I could just about get
one cupped in my hand.  I then slid my hand into the neck of her shirt and under
her bra. I rolled her nipple around in my fingers, pinching the tip of it, which
made her squirm.  As I pinched harder, I fucked harder, stabbing the entrance to
her womb with each thrust.  After a few moments of this, I could feel the cum
boiling up in my balls but I didn't want to cum just yet.  I raised my hips just
far enough up for my cock to slip out of her cunt and slide up to her tight
asshole.  Her body tensed and she shook her head no as she realized what I had
in mind.  I pressed my mouth against her ear, ran my tongue around in it, then
told her to relax.  I reached down to my cock and wiped it up and down her
pussy, spreading her juices around her ass.  Finally, I tightened my grip on her
mouth, held my cock to her asshole, and pressed all my weight onto her.  She let
out a deep gurgling sound as I forced my cock past her tight asshole and into
her bowels.  I could feel her hot cunt lips mashed against my balls as her
asshole tightly clenched the base of my dick.  It was absolutely wonderful.  She
was shaking really hard, which caused her asshole to work the base of my cock
like a tight fist.  I moaned in her ear, "That's it Baby, milk my cock with your
ass."

     I bit down on her earlobe and slid my hand back into her shirt, then I
squeezed her tit as hard as I could, digging my nails into the soft flesh.  The
pain made her squirm about, which just made my cock feel even better.  I raised
my hips until I could feel her spincter gripping the head of my dick and then
jammed myself back into her as deep as I could go, causing her to writhe under
me.  After about a dozen strokes, the sensation on my over excited cock was more
than I could stand.  Wave after wave hit me as my hot spunk jetted its way up
her bowels.

     I lay there motionless for a few moments in a complete state of bliss. 
Meanwhile, Eve still wiggled under me, trying to find a comfortable position. 
My cock was still jumping, spitting every last seed into her ass until, at last,
reality sunk in and I knew I had to get away.  As she lay there sobbing, I let
go of her mouth.  I turned her face to mine, looked deep in her eyes and said,
"Do something stupid now and I'll run you over!"  I pulled my half-limp cock out
of her ass and was struck with an idea.  I rolled her onto her back under me and
kneeled over her face.  Cum glistened on my cock in the faint light.  "Clean me
up so I can go."  At first she hesitated, but then she obediently opened her
mouth and sucked my dick in.  As I looked at her tear streaked face, I noticed
how cute she really was.  She was about 22, maybe 120 pounds and had dark brown
hair.  She actually sucked me like she enjoyed it, but I knew it was out of
fear.  I could still feel her trembling beneath me. 

     I could feel my balls starting to stir but I knew it was time to go.  No
since pressing my luck.  "Thanks for everything." I told her as I wiped my cock
clean with her hair, got up, and fastened my pants.  "I don't expect to see you
move as I leave." I told her in as stern a voice as I could muster.  Looking at
her sad face, I almost felt sorry for her, but what the hell was she doing out
here in the dark pissing in the bushes anyway?  She should've asked someone if
she could use their restroom.  I reached down and gave her bruised tit one last
squeeze, then darted though the bushes and got into my car.

     I drove away slowly, not wanting to draw any attention.  I didn't even turn
my lights on until I pulled out into the main street.  As I drove home, the
whole scene played itself out in my head over and over.  I was torn between the
guilt of forcing myself on her and the sheer animal excitement of being in
complete control.  I crawled into bed still wide-awake, my cock rock hard.  My
wife was lying on her stomach, so I pulled the covers back and rolled over on
top of her, and pressed her into the bed with her arms pinned beneath her.




Chapter 2 - My wife, Linda

     Linda and I met when we were still quite young, I was 20 and she was 21. 
She had this "fresh off the farm" innocence about her that attracted me
initially, like she needed someone, me, to take care of her.  She was somewhat
plain looking, but that just added to her girlish charm.  We would make out
sometimes, but she always stopped me at the petting stage, saying she wanted to
wait until she got married.  I had had my share of sex and I was really starting
to get frustrated, but just when I was about to give up on her, she surprised
me.  I had to work late one night and called her to tell her I wouldn't be
stopping by.  I think she took it for more than it was, because she pleaded with
me to stop by no matter how late it was. 

     I got to the apartment she and her sister, Bev, shared around 1:00am,
dog-tired.  I wasn't saying much as we lay on the couch watching some late night
movie.  Her sister was asleep in the next room.  Linda started kissing me but I
wasn't much in the mood.  She kept it up and I was finally becoming annoyed,
assuming like always, it wouldn't lead up to anything.  I was completely shocked
when I felt her hand brush against my crotch, I knew it must have been an
accident.  When she began to squeeze my cock through my jeans, I about busted a
nut.  She sat up, told me to lay flat and undid my pants.  As she pulled my
growing cock from my underwear, a look of disbelief appeared on her face when
she realized the size of my rod.  Being a rather petite 5 feet 1 inch - 100lbs,
her small hand could barely reach around it.  With a look of determination, she
began to pump my hard 8" dick.  Not having been touched for so long, not
counting my daily jerk-off sessions, I was ready to cum in short order.  It
didn't occur to me that she had never seen a man cum before and wasn't prepared
for it.  An enormous stream of jism shot out of my dick, spraying Linda's arm
and chest with thick globs of man goo. 

     Shock would be the best way to describe her reaction as she dashed for the
bathroom, cum dripping to the floor.  I watched her, stunned, as she yanked off
her shirt in near panic and began scrubbing her hands and arm under the faucet. 
I was put off at first, but realized I had never seen her in her bra before.  I
sat and gawked in amazement as her tits jiggled around from her frantic washing. 
For such a small body, she really had nice tits.  At last, the offending
substance removed from her body, she turned and looked at me.  Tears welled up
in her eyes and I felt a since of compassion for her I knew I could never feel
for any other girl.  She noticed I was staring at her breasts and began to
blush, covering herself with her arms.  I got up, put my spent cock back in my
pants, and walked over to her.  I gave her a warm hug and told her everything
was all right.  I did happen to notice the way her near naked breasts were
pressed into my chest.


     We got married 1 year to the day after we met, in the little town she grew
up in.  It was your typical Baptist wedding, with all the relatives there,
taking all kinds of pictures.  The day dragged on as thoughts of the long
awaited honeymoon occupied my mind.  My dick was semi hard all day and I was
afraid with all the hugs from relatives, someone would notice.  Her 14 year old
cousin, Jan, who looked like she could be 16 in her formal dress and make up,
came up to hug us. She hugged Linda first and then me.  Linda was busy talking
to her aunt and I caught myself pressing against this young girl.  My cock
turned rock hard as I pushed my crotch into her belly, figuring she was too
young to realize what I was doing.  I patted her back several times and she
finally stepped back, flashing me a devilish grin.  She kissed my cheek and
walked away smiling.  I would think of her often.

     After what seemed like an eternity, the reception was over and we drove
away from the church.  We didn't have a lot of money so we had booked a room for
a couple of days at the local "No tell Motel".  It wasn't exactly a romantic
place but it didn't matter.  I couldn't wait to finally show my virgin bride
what 8 inches of man meat could do.  I figured she would be having one
continuous orgasm for the next 2 days.   Nervously, she went into the bathroom
and shut the door to get ready.  I quickly removed my clothes and got into bed,
while my dick throbbed with anticipation.  It seemed like forever, but Linda
finally emerged from the bathroom.  She was wearing a lacy, white corset, the
kind with garters holding up her white stockings.  She was beautiful.  As she
got into bed, she did the strangest thing...she turned out the light.  Before I
could object, she asked softly, "Do you mind?  I'm a little self conscious."  Oh
well, at least I was going to get to fuck her. I would get to see her naked all
the time, now that we were married. Right?

     I leaned over her and began to kiss her deeply.  She liked to kiss, and I
figured this would warm her up.  She was kissing back hard, so I went for her
tits.  I ran my hand over the lacy fabric of her corset, and cupped her breast
gently.  She moaned softly.  I sat up and began fumbling with the lacing holding
the front of the corset together.  After a few minutes, she finally said, "Let
me do it."  She quickly undid the bindings and removed the garment.  I could
only imagine what her naked breasts looked like in the dark.  I cupped both
breasts in my hands and squeezed them together, wondering how they would feel
around my cock.  I kept waiting for her to begin caressing me, but she never
did.  As a matter of fact, the more I caressed her, the less responsive she
became.

     I decided it was time to just go for it.  I snuggled up against her, she
was flat on her back, and started sliding my hand toward her crotch.  I paused
at her navel and drew little circles around it with my fingers.  Nothing.  I
moved on down to her bush and gently let my finger tips brush her pubic hair.
Still nothing.  Determined, I slowly let my fingers touch her inner thighs and
just graze the outer parts of her virgin pussy.  By now I would've expected her
to spread her legs enough for me to have access to her waiting cunt.  By now I
would've expected her to be dripping wet.  By now I would've expected her to be
ready to fuck.  But she just lay there, her legs pressed together, arms at her
side, waiting for God knows what.  "Are you okay?" I asked her, hoping to prod
her into responding.  "Fine", she replied, lying completely still.

     I was starting to get pissed off.  Here we were, on our honeymoon, and I've
just realized Linda was frigid.  12 months of pent up frustration was boiling in
my gut.  Damn, she said she wanted to wait until she got married.  Okay, we're
married.  So why the ice queen routine?  Was it me?  Was it her?  Had she had
some weird sexual encounter as a kid?  All I knew was that I was horny as hell
and she wasn't.  The time had come for her to put out, to make up for all those
times she sent me home after a long night of kissing, my cock still aching for
release.  I was going to get what was coming to me whether she was in to it or
not. 

     I pushed my hand between her legs and twisted it, forcing a little space
between them.  I then ran my finger down her split, from clit to butt crack. 
Her pussy was still dry, so I put two fingers in my mouth and covered them with
spit.  I began rubbing her clit with my wet fingers, stopping occasionally to
gather more spit.  Now and then, I would push one into her cunt, depositing some
saliva, hoping to jump-start her frozen snatch.  An hour had passed since she
had turned out the light, and still no sign of life.

     I held my hand under my mouth and dripped what spit I had remaining into my
palm.  I then reached down to my still hard cock and lubed the head.  As I lay
there on my side next to her, rubbing the head of my cock, I wondered what the
future would hold for us.  At the moment, it didn't much matter.  I was about to
fuck my wife and that was that.  "Are you ready?" I asked her.  "I guess so"
came her timid response.  That was all I needed.

     I rolled between her legs, spreading them with my knees.  Kneeling between
her legs, I reached under her ass and pulled her hips up onto my thighs, putting
her pussy into better position.  I spread her pussy lips with one hand as I
gripped my cock with the other.  With the head of my dick wedged in the mouth of
her cunt, I leaned over her on one arm and began to push.  Inch by inch, I
slowly worked my way into her dry cunt, her outer lips being forced inward
against my shaft.  Another push, another inch.  Nothing from her.  I pulled back
out and rubbed another handful of spit on to my cock head.  This time when I
pushed in, I spread her outer lips open with my thumbs.  Four inches went in. 
Push.  Five.  I could feel her inner lips stretch to their limits around my
stick, her pelvic bone rubbing hard against the top of my dick as it sank ever
so slowly into her.  She grunted as I shoved another inch down into her.  I
pulled out about half way, spit into my hand again, and wiped the lubricating
saliva around my thick shaft right where it disappeared into her gripping cunt. 
I grabbed her ass cheeks, leaned forward and shoved hard.

     "Oh my God", she cried, a slight tremble in her voice, as a full 7 inches
buried itself into the recesses of her cunt.  I mistook her cry of alarm as a
cry of passion, and even though I could already feel the head of my dick
pressing against her uterus, I backed almost all the way out and thrust again,
pulling her up to meet me.  A shriek came out of her that I thought would bring
the hotel manager running as my cock head bounced off her womb and dug itself a
path.  My pelvic bone pressed against hers and my balls rested on her ass.  At
last my full length was buried in her tight cunt, throbbing, absorbing the heat
deep within her body.  I just sat there for a minute, not moving, letting her
pussy hole get accustomed to its new size.  The shear tightness was incredible.

     Now that penetration had been accomplished, I needed to reposition us for
some serious fucking.  I wrapped my arms behind her knees and grabbed on to her
tits.  Those wonderful, firm tits.  Her back arched up, pressing her cunt even
harder against me.  This was going to be great.  I stretched my legs out,
resting my pelvis against hers.  Finally, I arched my back and pulled my cock
out to the head.  Slam.  Slam.  Slam.  My balls slapped her asshole with each
downward thrust, causing her to let out a little cry with each stroke.  My
passion had consumed me and the only thing I was conscious of was her hot cunt
gripping my cock like a tight, wet fist.  I began sucking her ear lobes and
neck, but she would pull her head away from my mouth.  Tired of her rejections,
I forced her legs over my shoulders, feeling her silk stockings against my neck,
held her face in my hands, and began biting her lips and tongue.  I must've
gotten carried away because I could taste blood.  But she never said a word.  I
reached under her ass, buried my face in her neck, and began to fuck in earnest. 
I pounded into her hot cunt non-stop for twenty minutes.  Sweat dripped off my
face onto hers as I pounded her virgin cunt.  My balls began to tighten up in
their sack, ready to fire their load, as I ground my self into her as hard as I
could.  Jets of boiling hot cum sprayed into her snatch, but with nowhere to go,
were forced out and down the crack of her ass. 

     I must've shot a pint of jizz, because my balls were soaking wet and there
was a deep puddle under her.  Slowly, reluctantly, I released my grip on her ass
and slid her legs off my shoulders.  She was as limp as a rag doll and laid
there with her legs spread wide around me.  I raised up, my dick not quite limp
stretching as her pussy still gripped it.  I rolled off her and lay back
exhausted.  She got up, wrapped the blanket around her, and shut herself in the
bathroom.  I heard the shower running for a long time.  Finally, the bathroom
door opened and I could see she was wearing flannel pajamas, the kind my dad
used to wear.  She turned the bathroom light off and crawled into bed next to me
facing away in the fetal position.  I spooned up against her until she noticed
the wet spot she was lying in.  As she scooted closer to the edge of the bed, I
was left with a choice.  Either lay in the wet spot myself to cuddle my new
bride, or roll over the other way.  I said, "Good night, I love you" as I kissed
her cheek.  "I love you too" she mumbled.  As I rolled over, draping my arm off
the bed, I wondered again what the future would bring.  I wondered when I might
see Jan again.

    The rest of the honeymoon was about the same.  She showed no obvious sign of
interest in sex, but made no attempt to resist.  During the day she acted as
though nothing had changed, she was still cheerful and energetic, almost giddy. 
But at night, she would resign herself to the fucking ahead of her, and just lay
there and take it.  No matter, it did kind of piss me off that she would be so
passive and unresponsive, but at least I was getting some pussy.  And it was a
tight pussy too.

     Our marriage quickly became a routine.  Linda would never initiate sex, and
sometimes I'd go two weeks or more waiting to see if she would.  I started to
get more and more bitter toward her and would fuck her harder and harder.  We
became distant but never considered a divorce.  Hell, I don't think she even
realized I was pissed.




Chapter 3 - An afternoon with Jan

     Linda and I had been married for about 6 months, and though I hadn't seen
her cousin Jan since the wedding, I still got hard as a rock thinking about the
way she had rubbed up against me.  I wasn't sure anymore if it was intentional
or not, but that devilish smile she had given me made think it was.  Either way,
she was one hot little bitch and I'd have given my left nut to fuck her.

     One Saturday morning, Linda told me her aunt had offered to take her and
her sister to the mall to get their hair colored.  She said something about a
friend who had just graduated beauty school and she wanted to give her some new
clients.  "Sure, whatever." I muttered, not looking up from the TV.  But then
she asked if I'd mind keeping and eye on Jan.  "What?"  Jan had just turned
fifteen and shouldn't have needed a baby sitter, but of course I'd do the decent
thing and watch her.  "Yea sure, I'll keep her entertained.  You go on and have
a good time."  I told her.  "Thanks Hun.  You're so sweet." Linda replied.  I
couldn't believe it.  My wife had just thanked me for giving me the opportunity
I'd been waiting for for 6 months.

     The thought of being alone with Jan had me so excited I was shaking.  Linda
was busy getting ready in the bedroom, so I went into the hall bathroom to beat
off.  I thought of how she was going to be all over me.  Of how she wanted a man
like me to teach her about sex.  Of how she wanted me to fuck her.  The doorbell
rang just as I shot my wad into the toilet.  I hurriedly tucked my shirt into my
pants, tying to disguise my sill rigid cock, and went out to greet them.

     Linda's sister Bev, her Aunt Kathy, and Jan were standing in the living
room talking as Linda gathered her things.  They were giggling about their hair
styles and how different they were going to look with highlights.  I was busy
checking out Jan.  Even though she had just turned fifteen last month, her body
seemed to have blossomed since I'd seen her last.  She was wearing some fairly
short shorts, jelly shoes, and a loose fitting tank top.  As she moved and
gestured, I would catch glimpses of her bra through the arm holes.  Her tits
looked bigger than I remembered and I noticed how firm and developed her legs
were.  She played on the school's soccer team and it really showed.  I took a
moment to check out Kathy, Jan's mom.  She was only 38 and quite attractive. 
Not as athletic as her daughter, of course, but she was in good shape and still
had a great body.  "Well, we'll see you later."  Linda snapped me out of my
daydream.  "Okay.  You girls have a good time, and don't worry about us.  We'll
find things to do."  I half pushed them out the door as Linda was going on about
a roast in the oven.  "I'll take care it.  Now have a good time.  See you
later."

     At last they were gone.  I watched them drive down the street, around the
corner and out of sight.  My dick was jumping in my jeans.  As I turned around,
I stumbled into Jan who was watching from behind me.  My arm pressed firmly into
her tits as she grabbed me to steady herself.  I reached behind her waist and
pulled her to me, letting my cock press into her belly.  I pulled her tighter,
looked her straight in the eyes and kissed her deeply.

     As my tongue chased hers around the cavity of her mouth, I let my hands
drop from her waist to her ass.  She held onto me as I fondled and groped her
ass cheeks, working my fingers under the hems of her shorts to caress the
cleavage where ass becomes leg.  I rolled her buns around in my hands, first
spreading them apart then pressing them back together, all the while giving her
the deepest, most passionate kiss I think either of us had ever experienced. 
Her breathing was getting faster and faster, as was mine, so I thought it was
time for the next step.  I leaned back against the wall and pulled her thighs
around mine, sliding her up my legs until our crotches met.

     Drool was beginning to drip from my chin and I could feel her body weaken
as I ground her pelvis against mine.  She kicked off her shoes and wrapped her
legs around me, putting her full body weight on my throbbing cock.  I finally
slid my mouth from hers and began to chew her neck and earlobes.  She let her
head fall back and held on to the back of my neck.  I slid my hands up her hips,
latched on to her tank top and pulled it up.  She pulled one arm out of it, then
the other.  She closed her eyes, flipped her hair around and arched her back as
I stared at her tits in amazement.  She was wearing this shear, seamless bra
that clearly showed her hard nipples.  I saw that the catch was in the front and
slowly undid it.  With shaking hands, I revealed the most beautiful tits I'd
ever seen. I held her bra apart with both hands and just stared.  It looked as
though a grapefruit had been cut in half and glued to her chest.  Her tits were
perfectly round and milky white, with contrasting dark brown areolas.  The
nipples had to be at least half an inch long.

     Afraid my knees would give out, I leaned away from the wall, and with Jan
snuggled against me, walked into the bedroom.  I fell forward onto the bed as
she wrapped her legs tighter around me.  Like a mad man I dove into her tits,
which were barely disturbed by the shift in gravity.  They actually seemed to be
rising up to meet my eager mouth.  I sucked the hard nub of her right nipple,
biting it through my lips.  I then opened my mouth, and engulfing as much as I
could, I sucked as hard as I could.  Jan let out a deep moan.  With her hands
clasped behind my head, I sucked the right tit, then the left, then the right
again.  I chased her nipples around with my tongue, occasionally catching them
in my teeth.  She was panting like a bitch in heat, thrusting her crotch against
me.

     This was the first girl, or woman I'd been with, besides my wife, since I'd
gotten married.  Even though she was only fifteen, she was ten times the woman
my wife was.  Maybe I'd made a mistake.  Oh well, no time to worry about that
now.

     I began to kiss my way down Jan's belly, stopping to pay special attention
to her navel.  I swirled my tongue around the little pocket, enjoying the way
her stomach muscles would flinch.  As I began to undo the snap on her shorts,
she gently pulled my hands back up to her stomach.  "Nothing below the belt" she
said in a half whisper.  "What?" I replied, startled.  "Nothing below the belt. 
I don't let boys touch me below the belt.  But we can still make out."  She
looked at me almost pleading.  As I sat there between her legs, I tried to take
in what she had just said.  Nothing below the belt would mean no pussy. 
"Bullshit!  You done started something you can't just turn off.  I ain't one of
your little high school boyfriends, and I don't take to no prick teasing.  Now,
you're gonna finish what you started, or I'm gonna have to teach you some
manners."

     Jan sat up and began to reconnect her bra.  "I said nothing below the belt
and I meant it.  I think we'd better go watch TV now."  She was looking down and
fiddling with the clasp of her bra.  She didn't even see my open palm as it
struck the side of her face, knocking her on to her side.  For a moment, I don't
think she realized what had happened, at least not until the pain registered in
her brain.  "I told you I don't take to no prick teasing.  Now you decide how
you're gonna finish this or I'm going to have to get mean."  She looked up at me
through tear filled eyes, holding her hands to her cheek.  "I don't know how.  I
mean, I never have." She cried through sniffles.  "Well, you can strip off them
shorts, spread those pretty legs of yours and let me do the work.  Or, you can
bury your head in my lap and let me fuck your pretty mouth.  It don't really
matter to me.  Although, I bet you got one hot little snatch on you and I'd love
to find out."  With that, I reached between her legs and rubbed hard.  I could
feel the heat between her legs and half expected her to give in.  I wasn't sure
if this tough guy act was going to work though.

     Obviously alarmed, she tightened her legs, put her hand on my thigh and
said "I don't want to lose my cherry."  I looked in her eyes, then at her mouth. 
"Okay, your choice."  I undid my pants as I slid around to the back of the bed. 
I put a pillow against my back and rested against the headboard.  She tried not
to look as I slid my jeans and underwear off.  "Ain't you ever seen a cock
before?" I asked.  She shook her head slowly as she sneaked a glance at my lap. 
"Well, you're gonna have a good look at this one."  I chimed.  "Take them shorts
off.  If you do a good job with your mouth I may not fuck you, but I still want
to see that pussy of yours."  She slowly slid her shorts off, trying to hide
herself as she did so.  "Don't be so shy, I bet you got a great looking
snapper."  She flushed red.  I grabbed her knees and spread them apart.  Her
pussy was beautiful.  I buried my face in it and sucked her nether lips and clit
until she had a gut wrenching orgasm.  "Now it's your turn." I told her as I
leaned back against the pillow.  With one hand behind her head, my cock in the
other, I guided her mouth to me.  Precum was oozing from the little piss hole,
so I rubbed it against her cheek and across her lips.  She clenched her lips
tight.  "Open up.  Or do you want me to go ahead and fuck your hot little cunt?" 

     Little by little she opened her mouth, her tongue tasting the precum still
on her lips.  Relieved that the taste wasn't unbearable, she let her tongue
touch my cockhead.  It jumped in response.  With a little more pressure on the
back of her head, she opened her mouth and let my cock enter.  With the head
pressed firmly against her tongue, I pushed my cock into her mouth.  "Now suck. 
And don't let your teeth get me.  That's it.  Now use your tongue.  Lick the
underside.  Now the head.  That's it.  Stick it right in the hole. Um.  Now back
down the under side. Oh yea.  You're getting it.  Suck harder."  I began working
her head up and down the first few inches of my cock, trying not to spook her
before the real thrusting began.  She kept trying to use her hands so I finally
put them under my ass to keep them out of the way.  "Okay.  It's time to go
deep."  She looked up at me confused.  With her gorgeous mouth wrapped around my
cock, I almost blew right then, but I wanted to wait.  I wanted her to really
know how to suck dick.  After all, this would set the standard for every blowjob
she would ever give from here on out.  It had to be right.  "Try to breathe in
through your nose as I pull out of your throat.  Exhale as I'm going in."  Still
not following, I decided just to show her.  "Deep breath...now exhale."  With
both hands firmly behind her head, I pulled her head down in my lap.  I could
feel her hands wiggling under my ass trying to get free, but I had them pined. 
My cockhead was pressed against the back of her throat.  "Here we go."  I pulled
her harder, and tilted her head back.  My cock bent a little as it forced its
way into her wind pipe.  I could feel her retching but didn't stop until her
chin was on my balls.  Her gagging felt great.  "Try to relax or you'll choke
yourself."  I held her like that for about 30 seconds, until she finally stopped
gagging.  "Now breath in."  I eased her head up.  "And suck."  She sucked me as
I pulled her throat up off my cock.  It was wonderful.  "You're a natural." I
told her.  Her eyes were glassy so I gave her a few moments to recover, keeping
just the head of my dick in her mouth.  "Lick it.  Suck it.  Breathe in.  That's
right, you're doing great.  Deep breath.  Exhale."  This time I pulled her down
in one move.  I made short thrusts against her chin as I massaged her throat
with my hand.  I could feel my cock through her throat as I slid back up, again
stopping just inside her mouth.  Without prompting, she began licking and
sucking and breathing.  It was great.  After just a few more strokes I was
ready. "Okay, this is it.  I'm going to shoot my wad.  Just try to swallow as
fast as you can."  She took a deep breath.  I didn't have to pull as hard this
time.  I pulled back out, but only half way, then plunged back down. I fucked
her throat for about 5 minutes, letting her catch quick breaths so she wouldn't
pass out.  Finally, I couldn't hold back any more. I buried my cock into her,
mashing her nose in my pubic hair. "I'm cumming..." I moaned as a thick stream
of jizz shot into her larynx.  Another shot, then another.  I pulled her head up
so I could finish in her mouth.  I wanted her to taste it.  "Keep your mouth
closed and don't spill any.  Suck it.  Oh God, yes.  That's it.  Swallow my hot
cum."  With one hand still on her throat, I could feel her swallowing my heavy
load of cum.  She had to swallow several times, and still some was seeping from
the corner of her mouth.  I pushed her head down one last time as my orgasm
finally subsided.  A few more spasms and it was over.  "Suck it.  Easy.  It's
real sensitive now."  I let her raise her head up on her own.  She stopped with
the head still in her mouth.  "Good girl.  Now suck it, gently, until it gets
soft.  That's it.  Oh yea.  That feels so good."  I caressed her hair and
thought about what her punishment should be for being such a tease.

     Jan kept sucking and working her tongue around the head of my cock.  "Look
at me."  I demanded.  "Now that wasn't so bad, was it?"  She really looked hot
with her mouth wrapped around my dick, her blue eyes starring up at me wondering
what I was going to do next.  I could see the head of my cock pushing against
the inside of her cheek as she continued working her tongue along the shaft. 
Despite her constant attention though, my hard on was beginning to subside, but
I was nowhere near done with her.  I was going to teach this little tease that a
woman's place is wherever her man tells her it is.  She had to learn now before
she fucked over all the poor young bastards she went to school with.  Or worse
still, the poor slob she married.

     As I reluctantly pushed her head away from my limp pecker, a thick line of
spit connected her bottom lip to my dick, and finally collapsed between my legs. 
It gave me an idea.  But first, I had to get her attention.  "Go in the bathroom
and put on some makeup, I want you to look your best for your lesson."  I think
she was still in shock from everything that had happened to her, because she
just got up and went into the bathroom without saying a word.  "You got five
minutes."  She shut the door.

     My mind was spinning.  I had just had the best blow job of my life, and I
had this gorgeous teenage girl under some kind of a spell.  I had to get this on
tape.  I rushed into the living room to get the HI-8 and the tripod.  I quickly
set it up in front of the bed and connected it to the TV so I could see what I
was filming.  I was just finishing up when Jan came out of the bathroom.  As she
starred at the camera, I marveled at just how beautiful she really was.  With
her face made up, she looked like a fashion model, except she was naked.

     I started filming and turned the camera toward her.  Her face filled the TV
screen as I zoomed in on her lush features.  She showed no emotion.  My heart
was pounding as I zoomed out and panned down her body.  Her perfect tits came
into view and I let out a low whistle.  "My God, you sure got some pretty
titties on you girl."  I filled the screen with her right tit.  "Lick your
fingers then rub your nipple." I instructed.  She complied.  "Rub it back and
forth.  Blow on it.  Make it stand up.  That's it.  Roll it around.  Get into
it.  Now the other one."  I let her play with her tits for awhile and then had
her lay on the bed.

     "You're gonna make yourself cum for me.  Take it nice and slow and make it
something to remember.  Lay back and relax.  Run your hands up your thighs.  Now
rub your pussy.  That's it baby.  Now lick your fingers.  That's really hot."  I
zoomed the camera in real close on her pussy, and you could actually see the
juice oozing from her slit.  This little prick teaser was really a hot little
slut.  She had her eyes closed and got so horny I guess she forgot I was there. 
She was frigging her clit like there was no tomorrow and squeezing her tits real
hard.  I got it all on tape.  After about fifteen minutes, she began to arch her
back and let out a deep moan, signaling her orgasm.  Her toes were pointing
straight out and her whole body tensed up.  I zoomed in on her cunt, and watched
in amazement as it sucked in and out trying to grab onto an imaginary cock.  I
wanted so bad just to jump on her and fuck her silly, but I had a better idea. 
I was going to milk this bitch for all she was worth.  I didn't want to make
this a one time thing.  I'd wait for her sweet little pussy.  I wasn't quite
done with her this time though.

     I paused the camera, sat on the end of the bed and adjusted the camera on
the tripod so I had a good view of my own lap, making sure my face wasn't in the
frame.  I then hit the record button on the camera's remote and ordered Jan to
lay across my lap.  She hesitated.  "Don't make me repeat myself." I barked. 
Though the redness was gone, she rubbed her cheek unconsciously, and slowly
lowered herself across my knees.  "What are you going to do." She asked.  "I'm
going to make sure you understand the severity of your mistake.  Men are not to
be toyed with.  God only knows how many guys you've sent home with a painful
hardon to deal with.  You need to experience a similar pain so you can
appreciate what you put them through.  Now put your hands on the floor and don't
let them come up.  You need to learn a little self discipline.  Now, after each
swat, you are to thank me for teaching you not to be such a prick teaser.  If
you don't sound sincere, I'm going to give you two more."

     With that, I drew my hand back and really let her have it.  I had never
spanked anyone before, so I wasn't sure how hard to hit her.  It must've been
pretty hard because she let out a screech that sounded like a car running over a
cat's tail.  Her hands flew up to protect her tender ass.  "That's two more for
not thanking me, and another two for moving your hands."  She was trembling as
she reached for the floor.  A fiery red print of my right hand was appearing
right before my eyes across her right butt cheek.  I decided to make a matching
one on her left.  SMACK!  Her legs jerked up but her hands remained flat on the
floor.  It took her a couple of seconds to catch her breath.  "Thank you."  Her
voice was shaky.  "Thank you for what?" I demanded.  "Thank you for teaching me
not to be a prick teaser."  SMACK! SMACK!  "That didn't sound very sincere to
me.  As a matter of fact, it sounded kind of snotty."  SMACK! SMACK!  "Thank you
for teaching me not to be a prick teaser."  Her hands were still pressed against
the floor.  I looked up at the screen to make sure her red ass cheeks would show
up.  They looked like they were on fire.  I held her left cheek in my hand, and
squeezed it.  I let my fingers press between her ass cheeks and rest against the
bud of her asshole.  It tightened in response.  I had to have it.  SMACK! SMACK! 
This time my blows landed on the tender backs of her legs.  Her legs jerked up
as she cried "Th-thank you for t-teaching me not to be a prick t-teaser."  She
was sobbing hard and it really turned me on.  She was having a hard time laying
still, and my boner was jumping around under her belly. 

     "Let's see if you've really learned anything today."  Stand up.  I paused
the camera and adjusted the tripod.  "Show me how you give a blowjob."   I
started recording again as she knelt between my legs.   She put her hands on my
hips and caught the head of my dick with her mouth.  She sucked it in, stroking
it with her tongue and began to push her head down.  She had to raise up on her
legs a little to adjust the angle of her neck, but then to my surprise, she
forced her throat down over my cock until her nose once again was buried in my
pubic hair.  She pulled her head up a few inches and then pushed it back down,
continually working her tongue.  I raised up to meet her.  We developed a rhythm
and I began to fuck her throat in earnest.  I watched the action on the screen
hardly believing it was really me.  It was the most erotic thing I had seen in
my life.

     I wanted to be sure she was truly submissive, so I decided to give her a
real test.  I almost had to force her head off my cock, she was so into it.  I
pulled the camera to the side of the bed then laid back, pulling her down with
me.  I held her mouth against mine, shoving my tongue in deep.  I could taste my
precum on her breath.  I kissed her hard for a while, working my tongue around
in her mouth, then let her up.  As I rolled over onto my knees, I told her to
pretend she was me, and my ass was her mouth.  She looked at me in dismay. 
"Don't start teasing me again."  I accused.  She was on her knees with her face
just inches from my ass.  Slowly, she lowered her head, her tongue cautiously
led the way. I reached back to her hands and placed them on my ass, guiding her
thumbs to my asshole. "Spread my ass." I demanded.  I glanced back to the TV
screen to make sure her face and tongue were in frame and the zoom was right. 
Perfect.  When her wet tongue touched my puckered asshole, I nearly died.  "Lick
all around the hole.  Ooh yea. Now push your tongue right up in there. Harder.
That's it. Work it around. Oh God that's good."  My asshole clamped down around
her tongue and I leaned forward a little, pulling her along with me. I pushed
back against her face, driving her tongue in deeper.  "Now pull it back out. 
Now fuck my ass with your tongue.  God damn girl, you're a hot little slut. 
This is one great rim job.  Suck on my ass slut.  Oh yea."

     I let her work on my ass for ten minutes, until I thought I'd shoot my load
into the sheets.  I was fucking air with her face buried in my butt crack.  I
had to unload.  I rolled over, pulled her head back and lined her up in front of
the camera.  "Just keep you mouth open."  I told her.  With one foot on the bed,
the other on the floor, I jerked my cock over her mouth.  "Stick your tongue out
so you don't spill any of this.  You never waste a man's cum."  I pressed the
bottom of my cock head against her tongue and the first ribbon of cum jetted
into her mouth.  I could see it coating the back of her throat as she swallowed. 
Stream after stream of cum shot into her mouth until I raised my cock up and
pressed it to her left nostril.  I let the remaining spasms fill her sinus
cavity with my spunk as she licked the underside of my dick.  This bitch was
fantastic.  At last my orgasm subsided, so I took the camera from the tripod,
and zoomed in on her face.  She was licking cum from her lip and snorting it up
her nose.  "My God, you are so hot." She just flashed me that devilish smile and
looked into the camera.

     It was getting late and I was starting to worry the ladies wound be getting
home soon.  "Go clean yourself up." I told Jan.  "We don't want your mother
finding out what kind of slut you really are, now do we?"  She shook her head
and looked down at the floor as she gathered her things and headed to the
bathroom.

     As she shut the door, I jumped into my cloths and picked up the video
equipment.  I slipped the tape into my shirt pocket.

     When Jan came out of the bathroom, I showed her the tape.  "Don't go
telling, or anything, or else you'll become the most popular girl in school. 
I'll make sure every boy in your class has a copy of this tape for their very
own.  Hell, I might even get my buddy to put it on the Internet.  You'll be
famous."

     "Don't worry, I'd never tell.  Besides, you wouldn't want to share me
anyway, would you?"  She looked hurt.

     "No, of course not.  I'm certainly not through training you yet.  I'm going
to get your cherry, so be thinking about it."

     I pulled her to me and gave her a deep kiss, while I rubbed her crotch.  I
think she would have let me fuck her right then, but we heard the car pull up.

     It was hard to make chit chat with the girls, going on about their hair,
knowing what Jan and I had just done, but somehow I made it through the evening
without letting on.  I fucked Linda hard, and pretended she was Jan.  I could
still smell her on the bed.  I wondered if Linda could too.




Chapter 4 - Curfew



     It had been two months since my encounter with Eve, and 3 weeks since I had
seen Jan.  I was so horny from watching the tape I'd made of Jan sucking my
cock, I couldn't stand it any longer.  I'd taken a job as a security guard at a
local apartment building.  It seems there had been a "unfortunate incident" in
the parking lot.  They actually paid me to sit in my car and watch for anyone
suspicious.

     I kept a log book noting which apartments had attractive women, or girls,
living in them and what their schedules were.  I kept my video camera ready and
had already collected a couple hours of fairly decent stuff.  Mostly undressing,
but one hot scene of a couple making out on their couch.  It was a little too
dark to get a lot of detail, but you could tell what they were doing.

     One night, on my way home, I happened to spot two young girls walking down
a side street.  I decided to follow them.  The street was fairly secluded, so I
decided to make my move.  The security company I worked for had issued me a
uniform, but no gun, so I had bought a used 22 pistol, just in case I ever did
run into some shady character.  I pulled it out from under the seat and snapped
the holster to my belt.  I don't think the girls had noticed me getting out of
my car, or if they did, they didn't show it.

     "Excuse me, ladies." I said as I grabbed one of the girls around the arm. 
Startled, they turned to look at me.  "Don't you know there is a curfew in
effect?  Let me see some ID." I demanded.

     "We don't have any ID. We don't drive." The one I was holding responded,
obviously concerned.  The other girl was sizing up the situation, noticed my
uniform, and seemed to relax a little. 

     "How old are you? And what are your names?"

     I'm Jenny." The one I was holding said.  "And she's Beth."  "We're both
14." Beth added.

     "Hum, I see.  Well ladies, you're supposed to be off the streets by
10:30pm.  And according to my watch, it's 12:15.  That's awful late for you two
be wandering the streets.  Where're you going?"

     "We're going her sister's house." Beth stammered.  "It's just down the
street."  "She got called into work,  she's a stewardess, so we offered to
housesit for her and watch her dog." Jenny added.

     "Where's your parents?" This was looking too good.

     Jenny said, "They're home.  Beth is spending the weekend with me.  She
lives out of town.  Mom said we could walk over to Sam's house, Sam's my sister,
if we hurried and called her as soon as we got there."

     I noticed the backpack she was carrying.  This was perfect.  "I'll tell you
what.  I'd hate to see your parents get into trouble, so I'll take you to your
sister's house myself.  You say she went into work?"  Not letting go of Jenny, I
started toward the car.  Beth walked beside us.  "Yea, she's covering for a
friend of hers.  I think she went to Denver. She's always going someplace neat."

     As we drove the short distance to her sister's house, I kept asking
questions to make sure no one would be home.  "Is your sister married?" 

     "No, she says she hasn't found the right guy yet." 

     "What kind of dog does she have?"

     "Oh, Spunky?  He's a big baby."  "I think he's a golden retriever." Beth
offered.  "This is it." Jenny instructed.

     Spunky? I thought as I pulled into the drive.  The house was at the end of
a quite street and was dark except for the front room.  The driveway was lined
with hedges.  This was perfect.

     "I'm going to come in with you while you call your mother.  You don't have
to mention the ride.  We wouldn't want to alarm her."

     I followed the girls into the house and glanced around the yard before
locking the door.  I looked around the living room as Jenny called from the
kitchen.  Spunky came over to greet me, wagging his tail.  "See?  I told you
he's a big baby." Beth said as Spunky rolled over on his back.  As she rubbed
his belly, I noticed his cock was growing.  So was mine.

     "Okay Mom, I love you too."  I heard Jenny hang up the phone.  "Okay
officer." she said as she came into the room, "We're all set."

     "Not quite." I said as I took out my gun.




Chapter 5 - Jenny and Beth


     The look on the girls faces was priceless as I pointed the gun between
Beth's eyes.  "What are you doing?" She asked.  "I'm teaching you the most
valuable lesson in life.  Never trust a stranger.  I cocked the trigger back as
I placed the nose of the revolver against her forehead.  "Listen very carefully. 
Jenny, come over here next to us.  That's it.  Now, I'm not going to hurt you,
as long as you do what I say.  And I mean everything I say.  Anytime you refuse,
or even hesitate, I'm going to punish you.  If you seem too hopeless, I will
kill you.  If either of you tries to get away, I will kill the other one. 
Understand?"

     The girls looked dumbfounded.  "UNDERSTAND?"  I shouted into Beth's face. 
They both quickly nodded.  Beth wet herself.

     "Well, the first thing we got to do is clean up messy Beth here.  Jenny, 
get Beth's night things out of your bag.  Don't bother with panties, she won't
need them."

     As Jenny dug through the backpack, I ordered Beth to get undressed.  At
first, she just sat there, like she was in shock.  A hard slap to her face
snapped her out of it. Jenny looked at Beth in terror.  Slowly, Beth began to
unbutton her blouse, but her hands were shaking so badly she was having a very
hard time doing it.  I pointed the gun at Jenny.  "Unbutton her blouse."  Jenny
quickly unbuttoned her friends blouse and left it hanging open.  "Now Beth, take
it off."  Jenny began to remove Beth's blouse, but I stopped her.  "Beth, I said
take it off.  Now!"  Beth removed her top revealing the cutest little titties. 
They were just beginning to form.  Hard, little pink nipples on top of just the
slightest mound of tit.  She was probably around a 28 AA.

     "Okay Beth, stand up.  Now the pants."  This time, she did as she was told. 
She unfastened her jeans, and pushed them down over her slim hips.  "The
panties, too."  As she stood there naked, I let out a low whistle.  "Have you
ever seen her naked?" I asked Jenny.  "Well, have you?"  Her face flushed red as
she nodded her head.  "She is beautiful, isn't she?"  Jenny was too embarrassed
to respond.  Beth just held her head down and cried.  "Don't be shy, honey.  In
just a little while, we'll all be naked."  I looked at her tiny pubic mound,
with its sparse covering of hair and wondered if I'd be able to get my dick into
such a small pussy without permanently injuring her.  I was unconsciously
rubbing my crotch.  "Put your nightshirt on." I told her.  Relieved, she quickly
covered herself with the extra large tee-shirt.  It would be fun watching her
take it off again later.

     "Well Jenny, it's your turn."  She looked at Beth, and then back at me.  As
she pulled her sweatshirt over her head, I noticed she had a nice set of tits,
for a 14 year old anyway.  She was wearing a cute little bra covering a pair of
maybe 34Bs.  "Very nice." I told her.  She looked proud.  She removed her jeans
next, and stood there in her panties and bra.  I wished I had my video camera,
but I didn't want to spoil the mood by getting it just then.  I would definitely
get it soon.  I watched fascinated as she reached behind her back and unhooked
her bra.  It fell to the floor.  She really had cute tits.  When she removed her
panties, I was surprised to see how much hair she had down there.  We'd have to
do something about that.  She put on a frilly little camisole.

     "Well ladies, give me the grand tour."  Reluctantly, they showed me around
the house.  It was a small, 2 bedroom ranch and was nicely decorated.  I looked
in the refrigerator and saw it was fully stocked.  I also noticed some fresh
cucumbers.  "How old is your sister, Jenny?" I asked.  "26."  I wasn't
surprised.

     Watching two young girls parade through the house half naked had given me
an enormous hard on, and I needed relief.  "Ladies, it's time."  A look of dread
covered their faces, but I thought I saw a spark of excitement on Jenny.

     I led them into the bedroom and closed the door behind us, just to
reinforce their situation.  I decided to fuck Jenny first, since she seemed like
she'd be the least resistive.  Beth was going to take some persuasion, and I
wanted to persuade her properly.

     "Beth.  Take your shirt off, and sit against the headboard."  She
hesitated.  "Do it NOW!"  She quickly got the point and did as she was told.  I
fumbled through the dresser drawers until I found a supply of stockings.  "These
will do just fine."  I said out loud to myself.

     I found a pair of scissors in the closet, along with an assortment of
belts.  One belt was very skinny and made of some kind of stiff plastic. 
Another one was a thick leather belt about 2 inches wide.  I was getting very
turned on.  I used the scissors to cut the stockings in half.  As I cut through
the crotch of the first pair, I started laughing to myself, thinking about the
symbolism.

     I took the stockings and tied Beth's hands to the top corners of the
headboard.  It was a little higher than her head so her arms were outstretched
and pulled slightly up.  I tucked the pillows between her shoulder blades,
forcing her little chest out.  Next, I tied stockings around her legs at the
knees, and pulled them back and apart, tying them to the corners of the
headboard too.  Finally, I tied her ankles to the sides of the headboard.  She
was splayed out like a wishbone, with her tiny tits and pussy fully exposed. 
She was sobbing violently.

     "You know, Beth, you are simply not cooperating at all.  I'm going to have
to deal with you.  Jenny, take your clothes off."

     Jenny didn't hesitate.  I walked over to her, looked into her eyes, then
pulled her against me and began kissing her.  I pushed my tongue into her mouth
as I squeezed her bare ass cheeks.  She moaned and began chasing my tongue with
hers.  Jenny was great.  As I leaned down and sucked her nipple into my mouth,
she stroked the back of my neck.  "Are you a virgin?" I whispered in her ear. 
"I've fooled around, but I've never gone all the way." She replied.  "Good."

     I had Jenny lie on her stomach between Beth's legs with her arms at Beth's
waist and tied her wrists to the bottom of the bed.  Beth's little cunt was
pressed against Jenny's chest.

     "I'll be right back, so don't you ladies go no where."  I pulled the door
shut behind me as I went to get my camera.  I glanced around as I walked out to
my car, making sure everything was quite.  The neighborhood was asleep, but I
was more awake than I'd ever been in my life.  This was Eve and Jan at the same
time.  I couldn't believe my luck.

     I hurried back in, turned off all the lights and then stopped just outside
the bedroom door.  I could hear Jenny trying to console Beth, but Beth was too
freaked out to reason with.  I was going to have to calm her down.  I looked
through the kitchen cabinets until I found a half empty bottle of Rum.  That
would work.

     As I went into the bedroom, I filmed the whole scene. Jenny tried to follow
me with her eyes, but her head was pinned against Beth's side.  I panned down
her back, to the crack of her ass, and finally focused on her pussy.  "Raise up
on your knees."  She struggled to raise up.  I pushed her knees apart, and slid
my hand slowly up her thigh and stopped at her pussy.  It was tight and wet and 
I was going to fuck it.

     I set the camera on the dresser where it could take everything in.  Beth
watched in horror as I removed my clothes, not wanting to see, but too scared to
turn away.  Her eyes became saucers as I pushed my underwear down.  I looked
right into her eyes as I stroked my aching cock.  "Are you ready for this,
Beth?" I taunted.  Her face was bloated and red from all the crying, but she
seemed to be crying herself out.  Her eyes were glued to my 8" dick as I
strutted over to her with the bottle of Rum.  "This will help."  As I pushed her
head back, her mouth automatically opened.  She sputtered as the liquid ran down
her throat.  She managed to swallow several big gulps, so I stopped pouring,  I
didn't want her puking up on Jenny's back.

     "Watch Jenny take this big cock up her little pussy, Beth.  And think about
how good it feels, 'cause you're next."  She turned pale as I got on the bed
behind Jenny.  I grabbed onto Jenny's hips, and buried my face in the crack of
her ass.  I worked on the wrinkled bud of her asshole before licking my way down
to her slit.  Her hips gyrated against me, falling into a steady rhythm.  This
cherry was ready to be picked.  I worked my knees between hers, gripped my cock
with my right hand, and held onto her with my left.  I slipped the head of my
cock up and down her slit, spreading her lubrication as much as I could.  Each
time I passed over her pussy hole, I applied a little more pressure, until on
one particular pass, she pressed back hard, capturing my dick head in her ready
cunt.  "Why you hot little slut."  She still hadn't seen the size of my dick.

     As I pushed in a couple of inches, her pussy lips sunk in with me.  She
moaned as I drew back out and then pushed hard and slow, burying half of my
eight inches in her.  Her pussy was stretched around me almost to the point of
tearing.  Out, then back in steady. Five inches went in.  Jenny's pussy gripped
my cock as I pulled back out, trying to suck me back in.  Six inches in and I
bumped into her uterus.  I really didn't want to hurt this girl, so I didn't
force my way in any farther. I let her pussy caress me for a minute before I
started to really fuck her.  I started with slow steady strokes, letting her get
used to my size.  It really didn't take her long.  After just a few minutes, she
began fucking back, meeting my thrusts.  I began to fuck her harder, bruising
her little womb, but neither of us seemed to notice.

     The alcohol was having an effect on Beth, because she seemed to relax a
bit.  Maybe it was Jenny's chest rubbing against her pussy, who knows.  I leaned
against Jenny's back, and reached under Beth's ass with both hands, and pulled
her against Jenny in time to my thrusts.  She seemed to respond.

     Jenny was completely into it and fucked me like a seasoned porn star.  I
wasn't sure if I believed she was a virgin, but it didn't matter.  She felt so
good.  I could feel her pussy starting to shake, and I knew she was about to
cum.  I was too.  I raised back up and pumped faster until her pussy clamped
down on my cock in wave after wave of orgasm.  I came with her, spraying a huge
load of sperm into cunt.  I lay on her back exhausted until I caught my breath. 
We were both covered with sweat.

     I finally pulled out and untied Jenny's wrists.  I held Beth's head back by
the hair and told Jenny to stand over her.  Neither girl knew what I was up to. 
With her head back, Beth's mouth was forced open.  "Stand right over her, and
squat down a little."  Jenny did as I told her.  As she squatted down, I
positioned her cunt directly over Beth's mouth.  Cum began to drip out of
Jenny's pussy and into Beth's throat.  Beth retched and tried to turn her head,
but my grip on her hair was too strong.  "Swallow it, Beth!"  She did.  I placed
my hand on the small of Jenny's back, and pulled her down onto Beth's open
mouth.  "Clean her out good Beth, or you're going to be in more trouble than you
already are." 

     "Stick your tongue up me."  I was shocked to hear Jenny command her friend. 
Jenny placed her hands on the wall, leaned forward and began to grind her well
used pussy against her friends mouth.  It only took her minutes to reach another
orgasm.  I was hard again.

     Jenny had Beth's head pretty well immobilized, so I moved around to Beth's
pussy.  It was wet, and oh so tight.  I licked and sucked on it, trying to get
her aroused mentally, but if she was, she wasn't showing it.  I slid my middle
finger in to the knuckle and felt her maidenhead.  She was definitely a virgin. 
I forced a second finger in.  Beth was struggling against me as Jenny came for
the third time.

     "We'd better give her some air, Jenny.  We don't want her passing out." 
Jenny pulled back.

     "I hate you, you bitch!" Beth screamed.  Her face was covered with the
combined juices from me and Jenny.  "You're going to be in jail for the rest of
your life, mister!"  She spat at me.  "You're both sick and I hope you burn in
hell."  Her eyes were full of hate.

     "That's it." I snorted.  "It's time you learned some respect."  I sat Jenny
in a chair in the corner and tied her hands behind her and her ankles to the
chair legs.  "It's for your own good."  I assured her.

     I wiped my dick clean with a sock out of the drawer, and stuffed it in
Beth's mouth.  I stuffed a clean one in Jenny's mouth.  "I'm going to teach you
some manners.  When you're ready to fuck me like Jenny just did, just nod your
head."  She defiantly turned her head away.  "Have it your way."

     She didn't notice as I picked up the wide leather belt and wrapped it
around my hand once.  Jenny did but she didn't let on.  CRACK!  The sharp sound
of leather smacking against Beth's inner thigh even caught me off guard.  Beth's
head was shaking wildly back and forth and she was struggling for air.  CRACK! 
Matching welts were appearing on her thighs.  Her eyes were clenched tight as
tears streamed down her face.  CRACK!  Her eyes flew open as the third blow
landed squarely between her tiny tits.  I looked at Jenny.  "She wasn't
expecting that one, was she?"  Jenny looked at her friend with renewed fear.

     "Well Beth, are you ready to fuck me yet?"  Beth didn't nod.  "Oh well." 
As I brought the belt up, both girls closed their eyes.  CRACK!  Beth's body was
shaking uncontrollably as an angry red welt raised up across her pubic mound and
pussy lips.  Slowly, she began to nod.  "Your little pussy's hot now, isn't it?"
I teased. She continued to nod her head.

     I leaned against her as I removed the sock.  "This can be a lot of fun. 
Or, it can be a living hell.  You decide."  I held the bottle of Rum to her lips
and she took several gulps.  I sat the bottle back down, wiped her face off with
the sock and kneeled in front of her with my cock against her cheek.  Even
though I was excited as hell, I had gone limp while I was whipping her.  "Get me
hard so I can fuck your little pussy." I demanded.  She opened her mouth and let
my limp dick in.  "Suck on it." I instructed.  She wasn't a particularly good
cock sucker, but I got hard in no time anyway.  Once erect, it was all she could
do to get her mouth around the head.  I sure wasn't going to get any throat
action out of her.  Maybe Jenny.

     I untied her and let her stretch.  She rubbed her welts, except for the one
on her pussy.  "Since I had to do all the work to get you ready, you're going to
do all the work to get me off."  She was clueless.  I laid down on my back on
the bed next to her.  "Sit on my cock."  Now she understood.  She faced me as
she put her legs on either side of my hips.  With one hand on my chest, she took
my cock in her other hand and tried to force in into her tight little pussy.  It
wouldn't go in.  I let her try for a few minutes before getting up.  I looked in
the bathroom until I found the KY jelly.  A single, 26 year old stewardess was
bound to have some.  I got back into position and gave her the tube.

     She squirted some on my dick and rubbed it around.  She then put a big glob
of it in her hand, and cupped her pussy.  The lube must have cooled her stinging
welt because she kept her hand there for a moment.  "You better put some up in
you, or it's going to hurt like hell." I told her.  I could see the shame on her
face as she worked her fingers into her virgin pussy.  The thought of making her
help me rape her was so damn exciting my cock was pounding.  "Let's do it." I
demanded.  Once again, she leaned forward with her hand on my chest, and
positioned my cock at the entrance to her cunt.  This time, the head slipped in. 
I reached for the hand on my dick, and pulled it up to my chest with the other
one.  I held on to her wrists as she sat on my cock.  "Now fuck me."

     Tears streamed down her face as she put more of her weight on my dick. 
Hell, she couldn't have weighed more than 85 pounds.  I could feel her slide
slowly down my shaft.  Just a couple of inches in though, and her cherry was
pressed down on my cockhead.  "This is for all the marbles.  Now give me your
cherry."  She grimaced as she pushed herself even harder down on me.  I didn't
think it would ever break, but finally her cherry gave way and she let out a
shrill cry as she sank another 3 inches down.  I covered her mouth until she
quieted down.  Blood dripped off her pussy lips into my pubic hair.  I reached
down and collected some on my fingers and showed it to her as I uncovered her
mouth.  "Now, you're a woman.  Fuck me like a woman."  With that she raised up
until the head of my dick was just inside her.  She slid slowly back down, and
seemed surprised to find it didn't hurt as much this time.  Her pussy was so
incredibly tight, I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out long, but her
awkwardness helped prolong things.

     Jenny watched intently as we developed a smooth rhythm.  I think she was
actually getting jealous.  Beth seemed to relax a bit as she fucked me up and
down, and even stopped on the down stroke a couple of times to grind against me. 
I reached up and tweaked her nipples with one hand, and stroked her clit with
the other.  She began to fuck harder.  "That's it, baby.  Make yourself cum." 
She fucked harder and harder until she let go with a full body orgasm.  Her tiny
pussy clenched around my cock, until by balls exploded into her.

     I let her rock back and forth on me until my dick was soft.  "Clean me up,
Beth." Beth rolled off of me, went into the bathroom and came out with a towel. 
"What's that for?" I asked.  "To clean you up with." She answered.  "A real
woman cleans her man up with her mouth."  She looked like she was going to be
sick, but she dropped the towel and crawled on the bed over me.  She looked at
my cock, covered in cum, blood and KY jelly.  "Do it!" I demanded.  "And don't
use your hands.  Just your mouth."  I put my hands behind my head as Beth licked
and sucked my dick clean, with tears dripping from her face.  It was great.


     Even as excited as I was, I knew it would take a while to get hard enough
to fuck either of their tight pussies, so I decided to make them put on a show
for me.  "Ladies, have you ever experimented with each other?  I mean besides
tonight, Beth.  Was this the first time you ever tasted Jenny's sweet little
pussy?"  Beth was obviously embarrassed, but Jenny seemed to be getting excited. 
She began to squirm in the chair.  "Well ladies, it doesn't really matter to me,
because you're going to get real intimate tonight.  You're going to know each
other better than anyone else.  This is either going to make you the best
friends in the world, or you'll never be able to look each other in the eye
again.  I'd be interested to know which.  Oh, well."


     I tied Beth's wrists to her ankles and turned her on her back, with her
head at the side of the bed.  Then I untied Jenny from the chair, positioned her
on top of Beth, 69 style, and tied her wrists to her ankles.  This forced her
face down between Beth's thighs.  I pulled Jenny's knees apart until her pussy
was resting fully on Beth's mouth.  "Eat up ladies.  I want to hear some pussy
lapping."  I watched in amazement as they began to explore each others pussy.  I
quickly changed the tape in the video camera, and moved in for some close ups. 
I spread Jenny's pussy open with my fingers and could feel Beth's tongue working
around between them.  She kept her eyes closed tight.  "Looks like you're
getting the hang of this, Beth.  You'd make a great dyke."  Even though she
didn't know what a dyke was, she flushed red with embarrassment.

     I moved around to get a shot of Jenny.  Her cheeks had blood and cum
smeared on them, but she was really into it.  She chewed on Beth's clit and
lips, and pushed her tongue deep into her pussy, cleaning out my cum.  I really
liked Jenny.  My dick was hard again.  I sat the camera back on the dresser and
moved up between Beth legs.  I pulled on her arms, and moved the girls closer to
the side of the bed.  My dick pointed right at Beth's tiny cunt.  I grabbed
Jenny's hair, and moved her back slightly so her cheek rested on Beth's little
bush.  I pushed my dick back into Beth's tight hole about half way.  I pulled
back out and aimed it at Jenny's mouth.  She opened wide.  I went about as deep
into Jenny's mouth as I had gone into Beth's cunt, watching her suck Beth's cunt
juice from my dick.  I pulled back out slowly.  Back into Beth's cunt, then into
Jenny's mouth.  Oh man, it was great.

     As I got more and more excited, I went deeper and deeper.  Deeper into
Beth's no longer virgin pussy, deeper into Jenny's virgin throat.  I finally
grabbed Jenny's head with both hands, and shoved my cock all the way down her
throat.  When I pulled back out, she gasped for air but she didn't complain.  I
worked Beth's cunt for a little while as Jenny caught her breath, then I went
back down her throat.  She tried to suck it, but it was too big.  I just pushed
in and out, enjoying her tight throat, occasionally dropping down to Beth's
pussy, then back to Jenny's throat.  Mmmmm.


     After a while, I moved around to the  other side.  Again, I pulled the
girls to the edge of the bed.  I worked my cock into Jenny's hot pussy and told
Beth to lick us as we fucked.  I could feel Beth's tongue pressed against the
vein of my dick as I fucked in and out of Jenny.  Finally, I couldn't hold back
any longer.  I pulled out and aimed my cum at Jenny's clit.  "Lick it up, Beth." 
As I sprayed hot semen onto Jenny's hard clit, Beth licked.  Cum was splashing
off Jenny and landing on Beth's face, covering her nose, cheeks and eyes.  Beth
kept licking.


     I sat down in the chair exhausted.  Jenny and Beth kept eating each other,
I guess afraid to stop.  I noticed it was getting light out.  "Okay ladies, you
can stop now."  I untied them and Jenny rolled onto her back as Beth wiped the
cum from her face.  As I got dressed, I told them about how stupid they would be
if they ever told, how I would make sure all their friends saw the tapes, and
that I would find them and do it again.  They believed me.  They were holding
each other and crying softly.  "Kiss." I commanded.  They touched lips.  "No,
KISS." I demanded.  They began a deep, passionate open mouthed kiss.  I locked
the door behind me as I headed for my car, the first rays of the sun breaking
over the horizon.  Oh, what a night.




Chapter 6 - Sister Sam


     About a month had gone by since my visit with Jenny and Beth, and I hadn't
heard anything on TV or read about it in the papers.  I guess they were smart
enough not to talk.  I kept thinking about Jenny's sister, Sam, and I wondered
if she was as sexy as Jenny.  I had to find out.

     I began to drive by Sam's house before and after work, trying to figure out
her schedule.  Occasionally, I'd see lights on in the house, but she seemed to
be gone most of the time.  Finally, after about 3 weeks of surveillance, my
efforts paid off.  I watched from a distance as she pulled up the drive and
walked in the house.  From where I was parked, I couldn't make out her features,
but I could tell she was slim and had shoulder length hair.  I could see the
lights in the bedroom come on, but the blinds were closed.  A short while later,
she came back out with Spunky, to take him for a walk.  They headed down the
block away from where I was parked.  This was my chance.

     I tried the front door and found it unlocked.  The only phone she had was
in the kitchen, so I unplugged it from the jack and stuffed the cord in my
pocket.  I then went into the bedroom to wait.  I swear I could still smell
Jenny and Beth's fresh pussies.  While I waited, I gathered up some more
stockings and cut them with the scissors.  I wondered how the girls had
explained the missing ones.

     I heard the door open about 10 minutes later and I got all jittery.  I
couldn't wait for Sam to come in.  I peeked out through the door, and I could
see her feeding Spunky in the kitchen.  She was wearing a sweat suit, but it
didn't hide her fantastic figure.  She was about 5' 8" tall, around 125lbs, had
a slim waist, a nice round ass and good sized tits.  Her face was absolutely
stunning.  I guess the airlines are still fairly picky about their stewardesses. 
Spunky looked in my direction, but was obviously more concerned about his
dinner.  Good ol' Spunky.

     Sam moved into the living room and turned on the TV.  I started to get
impatient, but then she put on an exercise video.  Maybe this could be
interesting.  She worked out with Jane Fonda for about 20 minutes, then abruptly
turned off the TV and headed toward the bedroom.  I nearly tripped over myself
getting out of the way.  I decided to hide in the closet, hoping to watch her
undress for a shower.  It's so sexy to watch a woman undress when she doesn't
know you're watching.

     I watched through the closet door as she came into the bedroom, removed her
sweatshirt and tossed it on the floor.  She wasn't wearing a bra and her tits
were fantastic.  They must have been a 38D, with just a slight bit of sag.  She
had rosy pink areolas with nipples as big as the end of my little finger.  Her
tits swung around as she bent over and removed her sweat pants and panties. 
Then, she went into the bathroom and got in the shower.

     It seemed like an eternity before she turned the water off.  I could catch
glimpses of her as she dried herself off and brushed her hair.  She finished by
wrapping the towel around her hair, then came toward the closet.  As she reached
in to turn on the light, I grabbed her wrist, spun her around and pulled her arm
up behind her.  I covered her mouth with my other hand.  She was shaking so
hard, it was hard to keep her mouth covered.  I pushed her wrist further up
between her shoulder blades and warned her not to scream.  She didn't struggle.

     I pulled her other hand behind her and tied her wrists together.  I then
tied her elbows together, forcing her to thrust out her wonderful tits.  I
reached around her and cupped them in my hands, feeling their weight, tweaking
her huge nipples.  She shuddered but didn't say a word.  "We're going to have a
little fun, is all.  Now, you be a good girl and I won't hurt you much.  You
fuck up, and I'll hurt you so bad you'll beg me to kill you.  Understood?"  I
pinched her nipples hard.  "UNDERSTOOD?"  She nodded.

     I pushed her out to the familiar bed, the one I had deflowered her sister
and her sister's friend on.  How was I going to top them.  For some reason
though, I was feeling angry with Sam.  I was angry at her not taking better care
of her little sister, Jenny.  I was angry with her for not locking the door.  I
was angry with her for having such big, wonderful tits.  I was just angry.

     I bent her over the side of bed, face down with her feet still on the
floor.  I then took the stockings and tied her ankles to the feet of the bed,
spreading her legs far apart.  I took another pair I hadn't cut apart, wrapped
them behind her neck, and tied them to the to other side of the bed, pinning her
head down.  This would keep her from getting up, and muffle her screams.  Just
to be sure, I picked up the panties she had taken off, sniffed the damp crotch,
then rolled them up and stuck them in her mouth.  "Hope you like the taste of
your own pussy.  You're going to taste it a lot tonight."

     I went back into the closet, rummaged around and came out with the skinny
belt I'd seen the last time.  It was about half an inch wide and was made of
some really stiff rubber.  It almost felt like a flat fan belt.  This was going
to hurt.

     I walked around behind her as she wiggled around, testing her bonds.  She
wasn't going anywhere.  I undressed casually and stood between her legs.  I
reached forward and caressed her ass cheeks, which caused her to squirm more. 
"You'll be begging me to do this in just a few minutes." I told her.  She didn't
believe me.  I ran my middle finger down the small of her back, through the
crack of her ass, and just grazed her pussy.  It was moist in spite of herself. 
I smelled my finger as I moved beside her.  It was great.

     The first snap of the belt landed across both ass cheeks and a big welt
immediately jumped up.  The second one landed just above it.  She was shaking
her ass trying to move it out of harms way, but it just served to make me
angrier.  10 more stripes covered her ass before I stopped to catch my breath. 
I noticed she wasn't squirming any more, even though a few of the last stripes
had just broken the skin.  She must have passed out.  I went into the bedroom
and found the cold cream.  As I massaged the cooling gel into her swollen ass
cheeks, she began to squirm again.  "I told you you'd be begging for this.  I'm
going to take you back and forth between pain and pleasure until you don't know
which is which.  Okay?"  I could only make out a muffled cry.


     I rubbed some of the cold cream on my cock and pumped it to its full 8"
length.  I took hold of her hips and sank my cock into her pussy with one big
push.  Her ass was still wiggling.  I wiggled with her and began pumping in and
out.  "Isn't this nice?"  She kept wiggling and I kept pumping.  I wasn't long
before I could felt the cum bubble up in my balls.  I leaned over her, held on
to her shoulders, and pumped as deep and hard as I could, burying myself as I
came deep in her cunt, her ass cheeks pressed hard against my belly.

     "Damn Baby, that was some warm up.  I can't wait to get on with some real
fucking."

     I stood there and caught my breath, feeling her cunt gripping me.  I spread
her ass cheeks apart and wondered if she'd ever had a cock up there.  I licked
my thumb and jabbed it up her ass.  She moaned and bucked against me, making me
believe I'd be the first.  I reluctantly pulled out, walked over to my coat and
pulled my gun out of the pocket.  I resumed my position against her ass, leaned
against her, cocked the gun and placed it against her temple.  "If you so much
as make a sound, I swear I'll splatter your brains, you got me, bitch?"  New
tears poured over her cheeks as she nodded her head.  "Good."

     I uncocked the gun, which wasn't loaded, and placed it on the dresser.  As
I removed her gag with one hand, I stuck two fingers of my other hand up her
sopping cunt.  I swished them around and made sure they were covered with our
cum.  I reached up and put them against her mouth.  "Lick them clean, bitch." 
She wretched as she complied.  "Suck on them.  Make sure you get between the
fingers.  That's it.  Don't your pussy taste good with my cum in it?"  She was
shaking as she sucked my fingers.  I untied her feet and rolled her onto her
back.  With her arms under her, she looked very uncomfortable.  I sat down on
her chest, took her head in my hands and rested my cock on her lips.  Suck your
scum off my cock, you nasty bitch."  She slowly opened her mouth and my half
erect cock slipped in.  "Suck it clean.  And don't forget the balls."  I raised
up and let her lick the underside of my dick.  The hair at the bottom of my
shaft was sticky with cum and I made sure to rub it against her mouth.  I
reached back between her legs and again lathered up my fingers, this time I
rubbed them against her nostrils.  "Don't you just love the smell of cum?"  She
kept licking my dick.

     I decided it was time to change her position a bit.  I rolled her onto her
side and untied her arms.  I moved her hands up behind her head, tied her wrists
together and rolled her on her back again.  I then tied her elbows to opposite
ends of the bed.  Although her legs were free to move, she couldn't move her
torso at all.  I stood back and admired her great tits.  Even flat on her back,
they formed nice size mounds on her chest and were capped with those huge
nipples.  I decided to have some fun with them.

     I left her tied up and went looking around the house for useful items.  I
grabbed two cucumbers from the fridge.  Rummaging through a junk drawer, I found
a handful of triangular metal spring clamps, the kind you'd use to hold a stack
of paper together.  "These will work." I thought to myself.  Looking down, I
noticed Spunky, the dog, following me.  He wagged his tail as I looked at him. 
"Come on, boy."  I called him as I went back into the bedroom.  "Spunky looked
hungry, so I brought him in for a snack."  Sam looked up at me worried about
what I had in mind. 

     I rolled the panties back up and held them over her mouth.  "You don't need
those, I'll be quite."  She told me.  "Oh, yes I do."  I replied.  Before I
placed them in her mouth, I wiped them up and down her wet pussy.  "Open wide." 
She obliged.

     "Well, Spunky, have you ever seen your master like this?"  Spunky wagged
his tail.  "Come here, boy."  I maneuvered Spunky between Sam's legs, and
pressed his nose into her pussy.  He got the idea.  He began to lap against her
pussy lips and soon discovered the honey pot inside.  His long tongue began to
push its way deep into her cunt, and she began to respond.  "Well I'll be
damned, this dog's going to make you cum."  Sam's face flushed bright red.  I
let her enjoy his tongue lapping as I caressed and massaged her tits, preparing
them for the torture they were about to endure.  After about 10 minutes, Sam's
body began to shake and Spunky lapped furiously at her pussy to get all her cum. 
Her nipples got rock hard and her eyes squeezed shut.  She didn't even notice
the clamp until I released it on her left nipple.

     Her eyes flashed wide open and she screamed into the gag.  Spunky ducked
out of the way as she jerked her hips from side to side in a vane attempt to
dislodge the clamp.  I gave her a few minutes to calm down before I clamped the
right nipple.  She thrashed her legs and head around and kicked the air.  I
looked closely at the clamps and could see them pinching her nipples nearly in
two.  She looked like she was going to get sick when I showed her the other
three.

     It took about five minutes for her nipples to go numb, at least that's when
she stopped thrashing around.  I twisted the clamps around until she stopped
responding to it.  I went into the bathroom and found her shaving cream and
razor.  She had a very thick bush and I didn't like it.  I took my time shaving
her pussy, making sure to get every last hair.  I even shaved around her little
pink asshole.  Needless to say, she laid very still.

     Working around her cunt had gotten me hard again and I wanted to fuck her
tight ass.  I went into the bathroom and lubed myself up with her KY Jelly, not
letting her hear what I was doing.  I wanted it to be a surprise.  I got into
position between her legs, which were hanging limp over the bed and rubbed her
clit with my thumb.  "Look at me." I ordered her.  She opened her eyes and
looked blankly at me.  "I want you to watch me fuck you.  Look me straight in
the eyes. You got it?"  She nodded slowly.

     I reached down and took her ankles in my hands and held them to my
shoulders as I stood up.  Her ass was even with the side of the bed.  I reached
over and got a pillow and pushed it under the small of her back, making her
asshole even with the head of my dick.  Holding her ankles apart, I looked her
in the eyes and said, "Let's fuck."  I pushed my cock head forward until it
pressed against her ass.  She tried to lower her pussy to meet me but I just
slowly shook my head.  "Watch me fuck your ass, Bitch."  "Agghhh!" She screamed
into the gag as I twisted a clamp around 360 degrees.  "You shut your eyes. 
You'd better keep them open or I'll twist your nipples clean off."  I stared at
her as I forced my cock against her ass.  The pressure built up until her
sphincter finally gave way and my dick head lodged itself inside her rectum. 
"Ever had a cock up your ass?"  I asked her, already knowing the answer.  She
shook her head.  "Then this is really going to hurt."

     I pulled my cock back out, picked up the cucumbers and the other clamps and
laid them on the bed next to her.  She kept her eyes on mine.  With her ankles
in my hands again, I forced my way back in her ass.  It was just as hard the
second time.  With her heals on my shoulders, I grabbed her hips in my hands,
held her in place, and watched the horror in her eyes as I worked my 8 inch cock
slowly up her ass.  It took a couple minutes to get the full length in her, but
I was finally there.  Fresh tears ran down her cheeks.  "Does it hurt?" I mocked
as I fucked her ass.  I looked down at her bald pussy as my cock plunged in and
out of her asshole.  Stopping, I picked up a cucumber and showed it to her.  I
leaned back and worked it into her cunt.  She looked at me as I fucked the
cucumber in and out of her bald pussy.  I noticed the way her inner pussy lips
wrapped themselves around it on the out strokes and it gave me an idea.  I
pushed the cucumber all the way in and covered it with her inner lips.  The
pressure of the cucumber made her ass grip my cock that much tighter. Tears
streamed down her face as she looked me in the eyes.  I showed her a clamp and
she began to squirm in a mad panic.  I pinched her inner lips together with one
hand and gently released the clamp on them with the other, sealing the cucumber
inside her.  Then I held on to her hips for the ride of my life.  Her little
asshole fucked itself on my cock as she frantically tried to rub the clamp off
her abused pussy lips.  I noticed her eyes were squeezed tight so I removed the
nipple clamps.  As the blood rushed into her bruised nipples, a new kind of pain
competed with those in her ass and pussy.  Her mind was on fire.

     I shot a fresh load of cum deep in her bowels as she continued to flop
around.  It almost seemed as though she was having convulsions, but I noticed
her eyes were open.  But even though she was looking at me, I could tell she
wasn't seeing anything but the pain.  I pulled my cock out of her ass and
noticed her asshole didn't close all the way.  I pushed the other cucumber in
deep and then her asshole snapped shut and held it in.  I sat on top of her
chest and rubbed my cock between her tits.  "Now I'm ready for a titty fuck."

     I reached under her head and untied her hands, then I removed her gag.  As
she flexed her jaw muscles, I slipped my cock in her mouth.  A look of disgust
covered her face as she tasted her own ass on my slime covered dick.  I pulled
out of her mouth, trailing a line of spit across her chin and throat as I worked
my way between her big tits.  As I positioned myself in her cleavage, I placed
her hands on the sides of her tits, and squeezed them against my cock.  "Hold me
tight." I told her.

     As I began to stroke myself between her luscious tits, I pulled her head up
and pressed my cock against her mouth.  "Got the idea, Bitch?"  She nodded as
she sucked the head of my dick.  I held on to her shoulders as I fucked her
tits, occasionally pushing myself against the back of her throat.  I was pretty
drained so it took a while to finally start to feel the cum rising up from my
balls.  I let the first blast shoot into her mouth, but then pulled out to
finish on her face and tits.  I was surprised to see how much cum I could
produce after having cum so much already.  Cum was dripping from her chin and
pooling up between her tits.  I used my cock to smear it across her cheeks and
forehead.  I wanted her covered.

     At long last I was completely spent.  I tied her ankles tightly to the bed
and tied her hands rather loosely back behind her head.  I wanted her to be able
to get herself undone, but not until I had a chance to get way far away.  "I'm
gonna be watching you."  I told her as I got dressed.  "You tell anyone about
me, and I won't be so gentle next time.  You understand what I'm saying?"  She
nodded.  I gave her nipples one last painful twist, then left.  I could hear her
sobbing hysterically as I shut the bedroom door behind me.  The sun was coming
up as I made my way home, and I wondered what it would be like to have Sam and
Jenny together.




Chapter 7 - The Newlyweds

     Roughing up Sam sparked something I didn't know was in me.  I was aroused
more by the thought of her pain and humiliation than I was from fucking her.  I
got a raging hard on every time I thought of whipping her ass and clamping her
nipples.  I couldn't wait to do it again.

     Driving home from work one Saturday afternoon, I passed by a church where a
wedding was just getting out.  I slowed down as the bride and groom ran through
a torrent of rice and ducked into a waiting car.  The bride looked up as I
passed and I saw the most gorgeous faced I'd ever seen.  So perfect and
innocent, I could feel the purity radiating from her.  I had to have her.  I
circled the block and fell in line in the procession.  I stayed a few cars back
so I wouldn't be noticed, but never lost sight of the lead car.  After driving
around town for thirty minutes, the group pulled into one of the nicer
restaurants and filed in. 

     While I waited for the reception to end, I called my wife on my cell phone
to tell her I wouldn't be coming home for a few days.  I gave her a story about
staking out some warehouse, which was partially true. I did have the keys to an
old storage warehouse that had been recently vacated.  I planned to make good
use of it.

     It was around 10:00pm when the wedding party finally came out of the
restaurant.  The happy couple was still in their wedding clothes, which really
excited me.  They finally said all their good-byes, gave out their hugs and
kisses and got into their car.  I followed them for an hour until they pulled
into a roadside Inn. 

     I hung back while Hubby went in and registered.  I took a good look around
the area and planned my move.  The Inn was located on a desolate stretch of
state highway, there was no traffic, and there were only a few cars in the
parking lot.  I took my gun out of the glove box and laid it on the seat next to
me.  As they pulled around to the back of the building, I pulled into the
shadows and walked around to their room.  I waited as Hubby unlocked the door
and escorted his beautiful bride in.  He came back out, unlocked the trunk and 
was too busy with the luggage to notice me duck into the room.

     The new bride was in the bathroom relieving herself, and I could see her
gown bunched around her waist through the half open door.  In one swift move, I
jumped into the room with her, pushed the gun into her gasping mouth, and shut
the door behind me.  "Don't make a fucking sound!"  I warned her in a low voice. 
"You're going to do exactly what I  tell you to do, or I'm going to splatter
your fucking brains all over this room.  Do you understand that?"

     She nodded her head slowly and began trembling, making her teeth chatter
against the gun barrel.  I moved around beside her and faced the door as I
removed the gun from her mouth and pressed it against her temple.  "What's your
name?" I demanded.  "Heather" she meekly replied.  "Well Heather, it's good to
meet you.  We're going to get to know each other real well."  I said as I
reached my free hand around her shoulder and gently fondled her breast.  Her
knuckles went white as she griped the toilet seat.

     We heard Hubby shut and chain the front door and whistle some happy tune as
he approached the bathroom.  "Phil! Help me!" Heather cried.  Phil threw the
door open and stood there with wide eyes as he tried to comprehend what he saw. 
Here was his beautiful young bride sitting on the toilet, panties around her
ankles, with a strange man holding a gun to her head and feeling her up.

     I continued to massage Heather's tit as I stared Phil down.  I could see
him calculating his options, but it didn't take him long to realize the
hopelessness of the situation.  Phil and Heather were both in their early
twenties and fair built.  I'd say Phil wasn't any more than 5' 8" tall and about
150 pounds.  Being 6' 2" and 200 pounds, I must have looked pretty intimidating. 
"Here's the thing, Phil."  I told him.  "We're going to have a little fun, the
three of us, and that's all.  It's going to happen, so go ahead and let it sink
into your head.  Accept it.  Otherwise, you're both going to die a very painful
death."  With that, I squeezed Heather's tit until she cried out.  "So how about
it, Phil?"

     "We don't want no trouble, Mister.  I've got some money in my bag.  You can
have it all.  Just don't hurt her.  Please."  Phil pleaded.

     "Well, it's like this, Phil.  I don't want your money."  I began to grind
my crotch against the back of Heather's neck.  "Turn around here, Heather." 
Keeping the gun pointed at her head, I turned Heather's face toward my now
bulging crotch.  "Sit down, Phil."  I ordered.  He sat down in the doorway as I
moved around to the front of the toilet, giving him a good profile shot of his
wife and me.  I took her chin in my hand and looked into eyes.  Even with the
tears flowing, they were the most wonderful shade of deep green.  Her straight,
light brown hair fell to her shoulders and framed the face of a goddess.  My
heart raced as I took her amazing features in.  She had a pert little nose and
high cheek bones.  Her full lips were pouting in a cute little frown.

     "Suck my cock, Heather."  I said in a low, deliberate voice.  I pointed the
gun at Phil and cocked it as he started to get up.  "Don't do it, Phil.  Don't
make me waste you both."  Phil sat back down.  "Now Heather, you're going to
suck my cock like it's Phil's.  You're going to put all the passion and love
into it that you were going to give him tonight, or I'm going to rip his balls
off and make him eat them.  Do you believe I would do that?"  She nodded "Yes." 
"You bet your ass I would.  And I'd enjoy doing it.  Now, undo my pants, put my
cock in your mouth, and suck me off."              

     Phil sat in wide eyed silence as Heather's trembling hands fumbled with my
belt.  "Has she ever sucked you off, Phil?" I asked.  "Please don't do this."
Phil begged.  "Phil, what'd I tell you?  Accept what's happening.  Now, I'll
only ask you one more time.  Has she ever sucked you off?"  "No." He said as he
stared at the floor.  "We wanted to wait until .. well .. until tonight, you
bastard."  "You mean you two ain't never done it?" I asked.  "No, we haven't."
Phil snorted.  "With any body, or just not with each other?" I probed.  "We've
never done it with any body."

     "Holy Shit! The last two virgins in America, and I got 'em both right here. 
Well, this'll be a learning experience for ya.  And I aim to teach ya real
good."

     Heather was still fumbling with the snap on my pants, so I finally undid
them and pushed them down to my knees.  My dick throbbed in rhythm with my
heartbeat, and a drop of precum glistened on the head.  "Cup my balls in your
left hand.  Yea, like that.  Now wrap your other thumb and index finger around
the very base.  That's it.  Now open your mouth.  Wider."  She had a blank stare
on her face as I helped her aim my cock at her mouth and pushed on the back of
her head.  I stopped pushing when just the head was in.  "Now, press your lips
around it.  Just your lips, I don't want to feel no teeth.  Good.  Now suck it. 
Oh yea.  Hey Phil, she's good." I told him.  Phil was crying but he couldn't
look away.  "Now, lick the tip of it with your tongue.  That's it.  Lick right
in the little slit.  Swallow that juice, it's good for ya.  There's going to be
a whole lot more in a little while.  Now, open your mouth real wide.  Real wide. 
Okay.  Now lick the bottom of it and push your head as far forward as you can. 
A little further.  Now press your lips around it, suck and pull your head back
until you're back at the head.  That's it.  Now do it again.  That's great.  You
sure you never done this before?  She's really good, Phil."           

     While Heather sucked my dick, I held the gun behind her with my left hand,
and slid my right hand inside the front of her wedding gown.  I cupped her firm
tit in my hand and felt the nipple press into my palm.  Her tits were full and
firm and the size of grapefruit.  She had to be the most perfect woman I'd ever
seen.  Her skin was flawless.  I marveled at my fortune as she work my cock in
and out of her sucking mouth, just like I told her, the whole while caressing my
balls in her hand.  I kneaded one tit, then the other, then rolled her nipples
around between my fingers.

     "Heather.  I'm about to cum in your mouth."  I moved her right hand from
the base of my cock and put it on my ass.  "Keep my dick in your mouth as far as
you can, and suck gently until I pull it out.  Swallow it all, or we'll have to
start all over.  Ready?"  She nodded on my dick.  With my hands on her
shoulders, I leaned into her and blasted a powerful jet of cum down her throat. 
She managed to contain it in her mouth and throat as she struggled to swallow it
all.  Blast after blast of hot jism shot into her and she swallowed every bit of
it.  I let her keep sucking until I my dick was half limp, then reluctantly
pulled out.  A string of spit stretched from my dick to her lower lip.  I leaned
down and kissed her deeply, tasting my cum on her breath.  "God Damn, Phil, you
are one lucky guy.  This bitch can really suck cock."  Heather hung her head in
shame as I pulled my pants back up.




Chapter 8 - The Honeymoon

     After some probing, I found out that Phil and Heather had planned to spend
their honeymoon at the Inn, enjoying each other and the nature trails.  It seems
they were a couple of tree huggers more interested in nature than man made
entertainment.  Whatever.  Since the Inn didn't have a restaurant, no one would
notice them missing.  I hung the "do not disturb" sign on the door, told Phil to
get the money, then escorted the newlyweds to my car.  "Phil, you're going to
drive while Heather and I get cozy in the back seat.  You try anything, and
she's going to get the worst of it.  Got it?"  Phil didn't say anything as he
got behind the driver's seat.  I had Heather sit behind him so I could keep an
eye on both of them.  They both looked great in their wedding clothes.

     The warehouse was about 45 minutes away, and still far from town.  During
the drive, I took the opportunity to finger fuck Heather to several orgasms even
though she protested and sobbed the whole time.  Phil kept looking in the mirror
so I reached up and let him lick the pussy juice from my fingers.  I couldn't
tell if he liked it or not, but he licked them just the same.

     The warehouse had a drive in bay door, so Phil pulled the car in while 
Heather and I locked the door behind him.  It had been used to store tobacco
after the auctions before it was trucked out of town, so there were lots of
tables around, and ropes and hoists and chains.  It was perfect. 

     I had Phil sit on the edge of one of the bigger tables and secured his
ankles to the heavy legs.  I tied his arms behind his back, then attached the
rope from his wrists to the opposite end of the table, forcing him to lean back. 
He looked very uncomfortable.  I positioned another table directly in front of
him and told Heather to sit on it facing her husband.  "Now don't move."  I
teased.

     They both watched me digging in my trunk, wondering what I might have in
store for them.  Their wonder turned to despair as I sat up my video camera. 
"For God's sake, please don't do this."  Phil pleaded.  I ignored him as I
focused the camera on Heather.  "Okay Dear, get undressed."  I instructed her. 
She looked at Phil for some kind of way out, some magic solution to this
horrible situation.  "Don't look at him, Bitch.  He can't help you.  Look into
the camera and take that fucking dress off.  NOW!"  I demanded.

     Heather was shaking as she reached behind her back to undo the zipper of
her gown.  "I can't get it." She said.  "Well, I'd be more than happy to help,
if you ask me nice."  She just stared at me.  "Ask me nice, or I might decide to
burn it off of you.  You still don't get it, do you?  I'm going to fuck your
brains out, and there's nothing you can do to get out of it.  Now ask me to help
you get that damn gown off."

     "Please, Mister, help me take my gown off."  She said, very quietly.  "I
don't think I heard you, Bitch.  And by the way, my name is Sir, not Mister. 
Now ask me again."  Please, Sir, will you help me undo my gown?" She said a
little louder. "Of course I will."  I said as I walked toward her.  I undid the
clasp at the neck and pulled the zipper down to the small of her back.  I went
back to my camera to work the zoom as she stood up to remove her wedding gown. 
"Isn't she beautiful, Phil?"  Phil looked at her with admiration, and said "I
love you Heather.  No matter what this bastard does to you, I still love you."

     Very calmly, I walked over next to Phil, looked him in the eyes and punched
him square on the cheek, snapping his head back.  "I said my name is Sir.  Not
Mister.  Not Bastard.  Sir.  That was just a reminder."  I stopped Heather as
she tried to get to Phil, held her by the shoulders and said, "Get undressed
before I have to really fuck him up."  She let the gown fall around her feet as
I zoomed in on her perfect body.

     She was wearing a white corset which really accentuated her slight tan. 
The white stockings showed off her shapely legs as she stepped out of the dress. 
I zoomed in on her ass as she turned to lay the dress out neatly on the table,
being careful not to crumple it.  I thought it'd make a nice pillow for me while
she was on top.  "Don't forget the panties." I reminded her.  She had her
panties over top of the garters holding her stockings up and was able to remove
them without removing the stockings.  She lifted one leg up and took the panties
in her hand.  Her dark bush was neatly trimmed and I zoomed in on her pussy
lips.  "Roll them up and put them in Phil's mouth." I instructed.  "I'd hate for
him to say something stupid and make me have to straighten him out again."  She
rolled the panties up and gently pushed them into his mouth.  "Farther. Push
them in farther."  I told her.  "Don't worry, Phil.  You'll get to taste the
real thing in a little while.  Just let me warm her up a bit first."  I got
undressed.

     I had Heather sit on the edge of Phil's table, between his legs.  I pulled
her gorgeous legs up around my waist, pressed my cock against her cunt, and
slowly worked my way in.  Her hot pussy seemed to be sucking me in as I gently
worked my way into her depths.  I pulled the corset down below her tits,
exposing them to my eager mouth.  I sucked and gently bit on her nipples,
causing them to grow fully erect in my mouth.  I gave them a good tongue lashing
as I fucked my prick in and out of her sopping cunt.  Her breathing became rapid
as I chewed on her neck and earlobes, and massaged her tits in my hands.  She
didn't even realize she was resting her full weight against her bound husband,
his shoulders threatening to dislocate with every hard thrust of my cock.  She
wrapped her legs tightly around me, and pulled me deep into her as her pussy
pulsed around my dick, bringing on my orgasm in unison with hers.  She held
tightly around my neck and whispered in my ear, "I love you, Phil"  as my cum
sprayed against her womb.  "The name is Sir." I reminded her.  "I love you,
Sir."

     Phil began to sob as I pulled my spent cock from his no longer virgin
bride's cunt.  "Good lord, Phil, your wife sure has a nice pussy.  Too bad you
didn't get to break it in."  Tears welled up in Heather's eyes as her orgasm
faded and she returned to the reality of her situation.  She had just lost her
precious virginity to a rapist.  Her body had betrayed her as a stranger took
her most prized possession from her.  I loved the look on her sad little face.

     "Alright Phil, it's time for you to get a little action.  Are you ready?" 
Phil's eyes pleaded as he mumbled something into the gag.  I pulled Heather up
from the table and turned her to face Phil's crotch. 

     "Get down on your knees, and suck him like you did me."  I ordered her. 
Heather's spirit was already broken, and she obediently did what I told her.  I
had to help her get Phil's pants down to his ankles, then I massaged her tits as
she expertly sucked on Phil's growing cock.  Phil had stopped sobbing, but I
could tell he was trying to block out what she was doing.  "Don't hurt her
feelings now, Phil.  She's doing a great job and you better start showing her
some appreciation.  You know, you don't deserve a woman as fine as Heather.  I
might just have to keep her for myself."  They looked at each other and
shuddered at the thought.

     I made my way back over to my trunk and pulled out a duffel bag I had
packed full of different tools and accessories to help me liven things up.  I
knelt beside Heather, with my face pressed against hers as she lovingly sucked
her husband's now fully erect dick.  "Looks like he's enjoying it."  I teased
her.  "Here, let me show you a new trick I think he'll really like."  I said
into her ear.

     I took her hands and placed them on his hips.  "Close your eyes, and really
push your head down.  Try to touch your nose to his belly.  That was close. 
Keep trying.  Pull back real slow and suck it hard.  That's it.  I think he
likes it."  Heather and Phil had both closed their eyes and were enjoying their
activity, so neither of them noticed as I looped the zip tie over the base of
Phil's dick and under his balls.  They didn't notice as I pulled the zip tie
closed until it just pressed against him.  They didn't notice until I pulled the
zip tie as tight as I could.  That, they definitely noticed.  Phil screamed into
the gag and Heather looked at his now purple cock in a panic.  It was turning a
deep crimson and the skin was so tight it looked like it was going to split
open.  "Don't worry, Dear."  I mocked her.  "That thing will stay hard the rest
of the night.  I didn't want him getting his nasty cum on you."

     I untied Phil's arms and let him lie back.  He rolled back and forth in
agony while his cock seemed to get even harder.  I slid him up farther on the
table, so his ankles were just hanging off the end.  I then tied them to the
table legs.  I pulled his arms over his head, and tied his wrists to the other
legs.  His cock remained hard.  "Phil, I told you I'd let you taste her pussy
for real, and now's the time."

     I helped Heather up on the table, and lifted her leg over Phil's head so
she straddled his face, 69 style.  She continued to stare at his throbbing cock,
obviously concerned.  "Now Phil, look up into that beautiful pussy, that pussy
dripping with my cum.  You're going to eat that pussy until she has another
orgasm.  Have you ever ate a pussy before?"  Phil shook his head.  "Well then,
you're in for a treat."

     I removed the gag from Phil's mouth, and pushed down on Heather's back
until her cunt was pressed against his face.  I could see his nose pressed into
her asshole.  "Isn't that great?"  I asked him.  He didn't reply.  "Alright now
Phil, jab your tongue up in that hole, and start wiggling it around.  That's
it."

     I let Phil eat at her pussy for about 20 minutes until I could tell he was
getting tired.  "Pussy eatin' can be a lot of work, can't it?"  I asked him. 
"I'll tell ya what, I'm going to help ya out.  Raise up a little, Heather.  Now
Phil, see that little button?  That's her clit.  Lick on that while I fuck her
again.  Don't stop until I tell you to."  I climbed up on the table behind
Heather, and pushed her down until her chest was against Phil's belly.  "Suck
his dick, Heather."  I ordered her.  Phil's eyes were focused on the head of my
dick as it sank into his wife's soaked pussy.  "Christ Phil.  She's tight as a
virgin.  Well, almost."  I pushed all eight inches into her until my balls
rested on Phil's forehead.  "I can't feel ya licking down there, Phil.  Get to
work."  I fucked his new wife's cunt slowly until I could feel her start to
shake.  "She's almost there, Phil.  Just a little farther."  I fucked her
harder, building with her, until we both climaxed together, our combined juices
spilling onto Phil's face.  As I pulled my spent cock out of Heather's pussy, a
glob of cum dripped into Phil's open mouth.  He retched as I commanded him to
swallow it, but he managed to get it down.  These two were so easy.

     I was getting sleepy and my dick had quit for the night.  I left Phil tied
up the way he was, but removed the zip tie from his dick.  He actually said
thank you.  I didn't have the heart to tell him I'd be putting it right back on
in the morning.  I took some blankets from my car and made a nice bed for me and
Heather.  I tied her wrists to a leg of Phil's table, then I killed the lights
and spooned up against her warm body, with my limp dick nestled in the crack of
her ass.  A few minutes later I was fast asleep.  During the night, my dick
recovered and I fucked her from behind, hard and fast.  She and Phil were both
sobbing as I fucked her pussy raw, and called her every filthy name I could come
up with.  After I came, I kissed her passionately, and told her I loved her.  I
fell back asleep with my dick still in her.




Chapter 9 - The Morning After

     The next morning I woke up feeling mean as hell.  For some reason, I felt I
had to punish Heather and her pussy-assed husband, Phil.  I  wasn't sure what I
wanted from them, but it was more than sex.  I wanted their spirits.  I wanted
them to give themselves to me completely.

     I untied the newly weds and let them stretch and use the bathroom.  I had
them get naked and them shower each other off with a hose, while I made a pot of
coffee.  The water was ice cold and they were both covered with goose bumps.  My
coffee was very hot.

     I tied Phil's hands behind his back and had him lay down on his back with
the lower half of his body under the table.  I stretched a rope from his right
ankle, around the far table legs and back to his left ankle.  I took a zip tie
and cinched it around the top of his ball sack as tight as I could.  I laid
Heather face up on the table, with her hips even with the end of the table over
Phil, and tied her wrists to the legs at the opposite end.  I pushed her knees
forward and down until they nearly touched the table, then ran a rope over the
back of her knees, under her back and around the table.  Her pussy and ass were
pushed up and splayed out, just begging for attention.

     I straddled Phil and looked down into his wife's cunt as I stroked my cock,
and sipped my coffee.  It was hard to believe she was a virgin just yesterday,
and now her pussy was spread out and waiting for me to fuck it.  Only, I wasn't
in the mood to fuck it, I wanted to fuck it up.  I wanted to make it so no other
man, not even Phil, would ever want to fuck it.  It was mine forever.  As I
spread her cunt open with my fingers, Heather looked into my eyes, almost
begging me to give her my cock.  She certainly didn't expect me to pour my
steaming hot coffee into her waiting snatch.

     At first, she didn't make a sound, I guess the pain took her breath away. 
Poor old Phil didn't even know what I'd done.  Then all of a sudden, she let out
an ear piercing scream that echoed around the warehouse.  "What the hell are you
doing to her?" cried Phil.  "Shut the fuck up, asshole." I replied as I slammed
my heal into his chest.  He made a gasping sound, then quieted down.  Heather
was sobbing as the coffee burned into her tender flash and dripped down her ass. 
"That ain't all I'm going to put in there."  I told her somberly.  "But first,
I'm going to loosen you up a bit."  I sat my coffee cup on her stomach and went
to get my duffel bag.  Heather struggled to keep the cup from tipping, assuming
there was more hot coffee in it.  It was empty, but it was sure fun watching her
try to hold still.

     When I held up the dildo for her to see, Heather turned pale and the coffee
cup toppled over.  The black rubber dick was about 8 inches long, like my own,
but it was twice as thick, extremely detailed and had a sack of ball for a
handle .  You could even see the veins in it.  I showed it to Phil, but he
looked distant and didn't respond.  "You'd better pay attention, Phil, 'cause
I'm using it on you next."  His eyes widened, then closed in denial.  I coated
the fat cock with lube, then pressed it against her pussy lips.  "Please don't,
Sir." She pleaded.  "I'll do anything you want."  "No shit, Bitch.  This IS what
I want."  I pushed the big head into her scalded pussy. 

      She winced as her cunt stretched to accommodate the enormous intruder.  I
shoved it again and she cried out.  Another shove, and it was halfway in.  Her
cunt lips gripped the black invader trying to keep it outside of her body, but I
kept shoving until it bottomed out against her womb.  I held it in place as I
lubed up my own cock.

     She was still trying to adjust to the huge rubber dick in her when she felt
me press against her asshole.  "God no, please not that."  She pleaded.  I
grabbed her hips and pushed.  She closed her eyes and clenched her asshole as
tight as she could to keep my dick from violating her tight ass.  This was going
to be a battle of wills.  I pushed harder but her sphincter was still holding. 
I raised up on the balls of my feet, and concentrated my weight on the head of
my dick as it pressed into her ass.  When it finally gave, I sank about 3 inches
in before it clenched back down around me.  I thought she was going to squeeze
my dick in two.  "Oh my god, it hurts so bad.  Please don't do this."  She was
sobbing hysterically, which made her asshole wiggle around my dick, inviting me
to go farther.  Grabbing onto her tits for leverage, I pushed myself into her
bowels until I was completely engulfed in her.  I dug my fingers into the soft
flesh making her cry out in agony.  With all the fucking I'd done yesterday, I
knew I could fuck her ass all day without loosing control.  Buried deep in her,
I realized I hadn't pissed yet, and I had to go, really bad.  I leaned back and
held on to her ankles as I let my piss spray into guts.  Her eyes widened when
she realized I wasn't cumming, that I was using her body for a toilet.  For me,
it felt like one giant long orgasm and I was shooting a gallon of sperm.  The
thought of pissing up her ass made my cock even harder and I began to fuck her
ass in earnest.  I could feel my warm piss around me, but her asshole was
clenched so tight, none leaked out.

     I fucked her ass hard for a long time, while working the dildo in and out
of her gaping cunt.  At one point, I pulled the dildo all the way out, but her
cunt remained open, refusing to return to its original size.  I noticed the hole
was almost as big as a man's wrist.  She was ready.

     I lubed up my right hand and began to work my fingers into her pussy. 
Three, and then four went in.  I tucked my thumb into my palm and pushed hard. 
Her cunt clung onto my knuckles, but finally, they too disappeared into her as
her pussy lips kissed my wrist.  "Holy shit, Heather.  Look at this."  She
stared at my forearm in disbelief, her mind not able to reconcile what she was
seeing.  I could almost grab onto my dick through the thin membrane separating
pussy from ass.  I fucked her ass harder.  As I fucked, I worked my fingers into
a fist, and began twisting it around inside of her.  I pulled my hand out, still
clenched in a fist, and was amazed to see it come out of her.  I repeated the
process until I could easily push my clenched fist into her ravaged cunt.  She
must have spaced out, because she kept staring at my fist going in and out of
her.

     I pulled my fist out and looked into her now cavernous fuck hole and I
could actually see the mouth of her womb.  I looked into her eyes as I put my
hand back inside her, only this time I didn't make a fist.  I pressed my middle
finger against her cervix and pushed hard until the final vestige of her
womanhood yielded to me, and my finger sank into her uterus up to the middle
knuckle.  She passed out as I finger fucked her womb until I had the most
intense orgasm of my life.  I thought I was going to pass out from the intense
pleasure and had to really concentrate to stay upright.  I stood there with my
cock up her ass and my finger in her womb until my breathing returned to normal. 
When I pulled out my hand out of her ruined pussy, blood flowed down and pooled
around my dick, then dripped onto Phil's stomach.  As I stepped back, freeing my
dick from her asshole, piss and cum and shit sprayed out and down onto Phil's
chest and neck, and some even splashed onto his face.  He hardly even noticed.

     I took a warm, relaxing shower and planned out the rest of the day.  I was
ready the really take care of that bitch and her worthless husband.  I fixed
myself another cup of coffee and showed it to Heather.  She immediately began to
shake, expecting me to pour it on her.  Her tits turned a bright red as the hot
liquid poured over her sensitive nipples.  After she quieted down, I took the
hose and washed her off, paying extra attention to her bloody cunt.  I actually
inserted the hose until the frigid water ran clear.  Then I stuck the hose in
her ass.  I let cold water fill her for a few minutes, then pulled the hose out,
letting the watery shit spray out on Phil.  I kept doing it until it too ran
clear.  Then I washed off Phil.




Chapter 10 - What a day

     I untied Phil's legs, the stood him up at the end of the table facing
Heather's head.  I kept his hands tied behind his back, and tied his ankles to
the table legs.  Then I pushed his head down next to Heather's.  "Phil, are you
ready to get fucked?" He didn't reply.  I lubed up the big dildo and pressed it
to his ass.  I'm not queer, and I felt kind of weird getting ready to stick this
thing up some guys ass.  But Phil was such a pussy, it didn't seem to matter.  I
started to wonder what a guy's ass felt like.  I set the big rubber dick on the
table next to Phil and said, "I'm going to do you a favor and loosen you up
first.  You should thank me."  "Thank you." Phil replied meekly.  "Thank who?" 
"Thank you, Sir."  He responded.  "You bet your ass, Phil."

     Phil's ass wasn't near as tight as Heather's, but I fucked it pretty hard
for a good 10 minutes.  It just wasn't arousing to me, so I pulled out, and
worked the dildo in.  I used duct tape across his ass cheeks to hold it in
place.  I then got up on the table on my knees and had Heather suck me off.  I
made sure Phil's head was against hers so he could feel her raising her head to
meet my thrusts.  When I came, she eagerly swallowed my load and kept sucking
and licking the underside of my cock.  "Phil, I think she's starting to like
me."

     After another shower, I got dressed to go into town.  I moved Heather and
Phil and had them stand, still naked, on either side of a telephone pole sized
support column, with their backs against it.  I hand cuffed Heather's right
wrist to Phil's left and her left wrist to his right, and I tied their ankles
together the same way.  "This should keep you out of trouble until I get back. 
I'm just going to pick up a few things.  You kids be good, now."  I locked the
big doors behind me.

     I returned a few hours later to find my captives right where I'd left them,
and although they had managed to get down on their knees, they both looked pale
and pretty worn out.

     "Hey you two, great news.  I ran into some people I know and they're coming
to visit.  I told them all about you, Heather, how much you like to suck cock
and how you like rough sex and all.  They seemed real excited to meet you and
thought the $100 I was charging each of them was a real bargain.  I knew you
wouldn't mind and hell, I can sure use the $500 bucks.  I told them I wanted to
clean up the place first, so they're coming over a little later, so now I need
to get you ready."  They both turned even paler.

     I took Phil into an adjoining room, and sat him on a saw horse with his ass
hanging off and his back against a pole.  He still had the rubber dick up his
ass and the zip tie on his sack, although by now his balls had turned a really
light shade of blue.  "You're not going to have those much longer."  I informed
him as I cuffed his wrists behind the pole and tied his ankles to the legs of
the saw horse.  He didn't respond.  I sat the small TV on a table directly in
front of him and said, "Your lovely wife is going to put a show on for you and I
expect you to pay close attention to it.  When it's over, if you can't tell me
the highlights, I'll have 10 guys over here tomorrow, and they'll fuck the shit
out of both of you.  You got it?"  Phil nodded his head ever so slightly.  

      I ran the coax cable from the back of the set out to the camera in the
middle of the warehouse, where all the action would be.  Then I went back in
with Phil, showed him the underwear he had been wearing, then pissed on them. 
Being careful not to wring them out, I rolled them into a ball and pushed them
into his mouth, and covered his mouth with duct tape.  "Wouldn't want you to
interrupt the show."  His eyes were tearing up as the foul urine ran down his
throat and I could see him resisting the urge to throw up as he swallowed.  I
shut the door behind me.
    
     I had Heather put her corset, hose and wedding gown back on, and fix her
hair and makeup.  She was stunning.  "Now here's the thing, Heather.  These guys
are expecting a good time, if ya know what I mean.  They're hard working men and
they'll expect to get their money's worth.  I told them you liked rough sex and
that you'd let them know you want it rougher by holding back.  I'd suggest you
do want they want or they're likely to hurt you.  I'd even suggest you go out of
your way and be extra accommodating, or they might hurt you anyway.  You try
anything, and Phil dies a slow, painful death.  Now, we got an understanding?" 
Heather nodded her head.  "Tell me you'll be a good whore."  Heather looked in
my eyes and said, "I'll be your good little whore, Sir."  "You're not a racist,
are you?" I asked her, not really caring.  She looked mortified.  "No Sir." She
replied.




Chapter 11 - The Gang's All Here

    
     The guys showed up around 6:00 that evening and had obviously been drinking
heavily on the way to the warehouse.  Heather was kneeling next to me as they
walked up, looking like a dog healing next to its master.

     "Gentlemen, this is Heather, your slut for the evening.  She's everything I
told you she was, and just to set the mood, she's going to blow each of you."  I
held the back of Heather's head by the hair and turned her head to look at me. 
"You'd love to suck their cocks, wouldn't you slut?"  She was shaking and tears
were welling up in her eyes, but she said, "Yes Master."  "Yes Master, what?"  I
prodded.  "Yes Master, I'd love to suck their cocks."  "Then get to it."

     Now these guys were some pretty rough, down home, redneck sons-of-bitches. 
Except for Pete.  Pete was this young, sissy looking punk with the worse case of
acne I'd ever seen.  Then there was Joe, a 300lb fat ass with long, greasy hair
and about 6 good teeth.  This fucker's gut hung down about to his crotch.  
Frank was an older guy, probably in his late fifties, who seemed about ready to
shit his pants at the thought of getting laid.  Carl was a black dude who stood
about 6' 5", with a serious case of body odor.  And, finally, there was Robert,
the meanest looking guy I think I'd ever meet.  He had tattoos on most of his
body, including his face.  His left eye seemed to wander when he looked at you,
probably messed up in some fight.  His forearms looked like they had been badly
burned and were mostly scars.

     Heather crawled over to the guys, still on her knees, and stared blankly at
them, not wanting to actually start.  Robert didn't waste anytime.  He stepped
in front of her and pushed his pants down.  He grabbed her face in his hands and
pointed his cock at her mouth.  As she reached up to take his cock, he slapped
her hands away and told her he didn't want no hand job. "Just your mouth,
Bitch." He told her.

     She opened her mouth and Robert roughly pushed his cock in, catching her
lip on her teeth, causing it to bleed.  "I hope you like blood, Bitch, 'cause
you're going to see a lot of it tonight." Robert said.  I grabbed the camera and
zoomed in.

     The other guys removed their cloths and began jerking off.  Two of the took
her hands and masturbated with them.  They all began to crowd in around her
face, and forced her to suck them.  Cocks were coming at her from all
directions, and sometimes, she even had two in her mouth at once.  Robert was
definitely the roughest and would push his dick down her throat until his balls
were on her chin, then he would push and pull on her head, fucking her throat
hard.  When they started to cum, each one in turn held her by the back of the
head and shot their load on her face and into her mouth.  She gagged and
sputtered as her beautiful face was covered by 5 thick loads of red-neck sperm. 
I zoomed in on her cum drenched face and followed a thick glob of it as it
dripped off her cheek and pooled on the neckline of her wedding gown.  She was
quietly sobbing.

     "Well fellows, that should take the edge off so we can get down to some
serious fucking.  What do you say we soften her up a bit first?"  They had no
idea what I was getting at, but they seemed eager to find out.

     "Heather, stand up on that table and strip for us."  I put some strip club
type of music on the boom box CD player as a couple of the guys helped her up on
the table.  She looked unsure of herself, but with some encouragement, she began
to dance.  I set the camera on the tripod as the guys drank more beer, making
cat calls at her, saying "Take it off." And "Show us your tits." And "We want
skin."

     They didn't notice me as I ducked in to check up on Phil.  "So Phil, what
do you think of your slut wife now?"  The monitor in front of him clearly showed
the cum still clinging to her face as she stepped out of her wedding gown.  She
was strutting around, teasing them, like a pro.  Phil's eyes were clearly
bloodshot from crying, but his cock was still rock hard.  The zip tie trick
really worked, although the color of his dick was a pale gray.  I stood in front
of him as I pissed into a jar, filling it halfway.  I finished my piss on Phil. 
"See ya later, Phil."  I said as I locked the door behind me.

     Heather was stepping out of her lacy panties as I walked up, toping off the
jar with beer and a hit of estacy.  "Here ya go, Slut.  Looks like you could use
a cold drink."  She took a couple of big gulps before she realized it didn't
taste right.  "Drink it all down,  Slut.  We wouldn't want you to get
dehydrated."  She forced the rest down, not quite knowing what was in it.  I
reached up to Heather, took her hand and helped her down.  She was completely
naked now, and even with the dried cum on her, was still absolutely stunning.

     "Anyone need to take a leak?"  I asked.  "Heather here has volunteered to
save you a trip to the john."  She looked at me in disbelief.  "Don't worry,
Slut, Phil said it was okay."  The guys had no idea what that meant, but Heather
certainly did.

     Again, Robert was the first to step up.  Heather didn't know what to do, so
I told her, "Just keep your mouth open, and swallow as much as you can.  I might
make you lick up what you spill, and that concrete would do a number on your
tongue."  With that, I pushed her down to her knees in front of Robert's dick,
and pulled her head back.  Her mouth opened.

 	Robert's stream of piss found its mark, and splashed against the back of
Heather's throat.  Her gag reflex kicked in, and she looked at me to see how I
was reacting.  I gave her an evil stare, and she knew she'd better swallow.  She
began to swallow the hot, foul piss and although she was noticably retching, she
managed to keep it down.  As she swallowed, the continuing stream would splash
against her gullet, and spray out of her mouth and onto her face, stinging her
eyes.  "Keep them open!" I commanded her.

	By now, the other guys had moved in around her and were beginning to let
go of their pent up urine.  Heather was getting the golden shower she deserved. 
Piss was flowing out of her mouth, streaming down her hair, and running down her
entire body, pooling between her legs.  Two jets were focused directly on her
nipples, and another on her pubic mound.  One by one, the guys emptied their
bladders and the flow of urine subsided.  Heaather was sitting in a pool of
piss.

	"Well Slut, there's an awful lot of piss on the floor.  But since you
did try, I won't make you use your tounge, so here's a straw.  Clean that mess
up!"

	Frank said, "Holy shit!  She's actually doing it.  That nasty slut is
drinking piss through a straw."  He and the other guys watched in amazement as
the summissive Heather obiediantly sucked up the piss.

	I dragged the hose over and sprayed Heather down, the cold water sending
goosebumps all over her body.  I even sprayed the cold water into her mouth,
which she noticably appreciated.  After she was clean, I motioned for her to
move to the table.




Chapter 12 - Pete Gets Laid


	"Heather, I want you to show Pete how a real woman treats a man."  They
both looked at me confused.  "Heather, I want you to seduce Pete.  I want you to
suck his face, his tounge, his tits, his ass and cock.  Then I want you to lay
him on the table, put his cock in your cunt and fuck him till he almost cums. 
Let him relax, then I want you to put his cock in your ass.  Fuck him till he's
ready to cum.  Then suck his cock until he shoots down your throat.  That sound
good to you, Pete?"

	"Fuckin' A", Pete said.

	"Oh, by the way Heather, your arms are going to be tied behind your
back."  She looked at the floor.  As I walked toward her with the leather strap,
she automatically put her arms behind her with her wrists together.  I pulled
her arms up farther, and wrapped the leather strap around them so her forarms
were together with her hands touching her elbows.  I made the strap tight.

	"Ok Slut, Pete's waiting."  With that, she moved over to Pete, and
kissed him on the mouth.  He pushed his tounge into her mouth, and she sucked on
it.  "Now, his face."  I told her.  She pulled back, and studied the acne on his
face, looking for a clear spot.  There wasn't any.  She gently licked his
cheeked, not wanting to break any of the whiteheads.  "Suck it!" I demanded. 
She leaned toward him, and began sucking his face.  As she moved from one cheek,
across his forhead to the other, we could see several zits oozing puss.  "Back
to the other side." I told her.  With her eyes closed, she retraced her path,
sucking in the pale yellow and white fliud.

	"Pete, are you getting turned on?"

	"Fuckin' A".

	"Go ahead and get undressed."

	Pete's close were off in a flash, and his average sized dick pulsed with
each heart beat.

	"Suck his tits, Heather".  She did.  "Now work your way around his
back."  It too was covered with large red and white zits.  She sucked.  "Pete,
lean down on that table, and spread your ass cheeks apart."  He did.  Heather's
tounge traced a line down Pete's back, through his crack and danced around his
puckered hole.  "Put your tonge in it Slut."  Heather stiffened her tounge and
jabbed it up Pete's asshole.  Pete shuddered and pushed his ass back against her
face.  "Turn around Pete, so she can deep throat you."  Pete turned to face her,
and Heather licked the precum from the head of his dick.  Then she went to work
on it, sucking it deep into her mouth, pressing her nose into his public hair. 
He grabbed the back of her head, and began to thrust into her throat.  "Don't
cum yet Pete, she ain't done with you yet.  Go ahead and hop up on that table. 
Lay back and she'll do all the work."

	Pete did as he was told, and layed down on the table.  Heather was
having trouble getting up on the table since her arms were tied, so a couple of
the guys helped her.  All the guys were naked.  Heather straddled Pete's crotch
and had to lean forward to get the right angle for Pete's dick to enter her
cunt.  She pressed her chest to his, and slid back against his dick.  It hit
home and she buried it in her.  She began pumping her hips up and down, using
her chest on his for leverage.  A couple of times, his dicked plopped out, but
she immediately got it back in.  He began to thrust up into her and she knew he
was going to cum.

	Heather raised up and pulled her cunt off of Pete's dick.  It was red
and throbbing.  As she sat on his belly, I could tell she was trying to figure
out how to get his cock up her ass.  "Try turning around." I told her.  She spun
herself around and rubbed her cunt on his dick, but it was pointing at the wrong
angle to enter her butt.  "Put in in there for her, Pete."  Pete pointed the
head on his dick at her asshole, and she pushed down on it, completely covering
it.  "Now Pete, support her back with your hands while she fucks her ass on your
cock."  She leaned back againt his hands and pumped her ass up and down on his
dick.  He began to thrust back immediatley.  When he began to moan, Heather took
the cue and slid back to get his dick in her mouth.  With her cunt over his
face, Pete ate her pussy while she sucked the cum out of his balls.





More to come ...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dom Master


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





