BDSM Library - The Bet




The Bet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two brothers bet which can break a slave faster.
The Bet

Part One:  The wager is set.

Dan and John were both professors in the Psych department of the University. 
More than that, they were brothers with similar attitudes and a certain pension
for bondage.  They most enjoyed their ability to make a woman want to be raped,
making her their obedient slave.  Dan used a more direct pain/pleasure approach,
where as John played more on the mental aspects of the intended victim.  One
night, late in their offices, after a few good scotches, they started talking.

"John, look at my slave cathy, I broke her in less than a week, now she will do
anything I say"  Dan said as cathy was on her knees, sucking his cock.

"That's nothing bro, I broke susan here in three days.  She is so obedient she
would jump out the window if I asked."  At that moment, susan was on her knees,
fucking herself in the ass with the broom stick that John had ordered her to
use.

"You know John, I think my techniques are vastly superior, I can break any girl
on campus in less time than it takes you,"  John smiled as cathy swallowed his
cum.

"Bro you do not know what you are talking about.  Pure mental conditioning is
the fastest way to turn a woman into a slave."

"Bullshit John, I can prove to you that my pain/pleasure techniques is faster. 
Cathy, go eat susan's cunt and make her  cum or you will be whipped."

John countered "susan, if you cum it will be another day in the isolation box"

The brothers sat back and watched as the two girls struggled.  Cathy was an
excellent cunt licker and within 30 minutes, susan screamed out her orgasm.

"I told you my technique was better"  Dan smirked.

"Proves nothing bro, both of these bitches have already been tamed.  If you want
to prove something you will have to start with fresh meat."  John grabbed susan
by her collar and quickly bound her wrists behind her back.  Next he bound her
ankles, forced in a rather large penis gag, and locked a blindfold in place.  He
lifted her effortlessly and took her to the black trunk he kept in his office. 
His students thought that he kept his books and papers in that trunk, but in
reality it was a soundproof isolation chamber.  He lowered susan in place,
checked her bindings and closed the lid.  Susan began to thrash about, but there
was really no place to go.  John locked the trunk, as susan heard the ominous
click she began to cry.

Dan told cathy she was dismissed, she backed out of the room and went into the
basement to lock herself into her cage.  The thought of just leaving, going back
to her dorm and her old life never even crossed her mind.  "Tell you what John,
how about a little bet?  I will wager cathy against susan that I can break a
girl faster than you." 

John mulled the idea over in his head,  cathy was 19, buxom, and a fiery
redhead.  She was well trained and a great fuck.  Susan was also 19, a brunette
with smallish tits (34B).  He had swapped slaves from time to time with Dan, but
the idea of owning cathy outright got him hard, fast.  "We will have to figure
out a way to make this fair.  First, we need two girls that are of similar
background and temperament, in order to make the experiment a success.  Second,
we will need to determine a way to judge if the girl is truly broken.

"Sounds like we have a bet John, "  Dan was grinning ear to ear.  "Lets decide
who the judge will be.  How about Sara?"  

Sara was the head of the Psych department, a former spook for the CIA, and a
devout sadist and lesbian.  She had recruited the brothers straight from grad
school.  She knew about the brothers tendencies, and they fit well with her own. 
In fact, the brothers usually gave her their girls when they tired of their
services.  What happened to them after that neither brother knew or bothered to
ever ask. 

"She is acceptable.  Know who are going to be our guinea pigs?"  John pulled out
the class roster.  He flipped through the pages and found what he was looking
for.  With a look on his face of almost pure lust, he turned the book to his
brother and pointed to the pictures of 2 girls.  "The Kampeler twins.  They are
identical, come from a good home, and are both straight A students."  What John
didn't say was the obvious, they were both knockouts.  Blond hair, blue doey
eyes, with ample breasts and sweetly curving hips.  Not to mention an ass you
could die for. 

Dan nodded his agreement.  "When? He asked.

"Next week after class.  There is a long weekend coming up and the girls were
planning on staying on campus.  No one will miss them before Tuesday, and by
then even you should be able to break yours.  If everything goes as planned, we
will have Sara dress up a couple of her bitches in the twins clothes and be seen
hiking along the upper trails of the park, then disappear.  Hikers are getting
lost in that area all the time."

Dan knew that John had thought this out well.  "How do you know they do not have
plans for the holiday?"

"I had Sara have one of her old friends look into it."  He replied.  Whenever
John referred to one of Sara's 'old friends', he meant an ex spy who enjoyed the
finer aspects of campus life (namely capturing beautiful coeds for the CIA's
programs.) 

Dan spoke "And I expect you have already asked Sara to be our judge?  How long
have you been planning this?"

John told him that it had been in the works since he saw the twins pictures as
incoming freshman.  Dan laughed and they shook hands.  It was a deal.

"The clock starts when we pick them up, and ends when Sara confirms that they
are broken.  Now who gets who?"  Dan asked.

"Lets flip a coin.  Heads is Diane, tails is Lisa.  You flip" John told Dan and
tossed him a quarter.

"Heads it is, guess I get Diane.  Now for the pick up, how about the usual?"

"Already arranged bro, the girls will be coming in after class to discuss the
D's they got on last week's midterms.  They were so grateful that I agreed to
see them late on a Thursday night before the long weekend.  They did not want
their friends to know how badly they did on the test"  John stated.

"What did they really score John?"  Dan inquired

"A 98%, about their usual."

"See you Thursday John, have everything ready"  Dan said as he left the office.

"I will bro"  John said. Locking the door to the office and heading out himself. 
"Looks like susan is going to have a long night"

Dan grinned and headed down to the basement.  Cathy awaited and he want to fuck. 
The thought of the twins being enslave had gotten him hard.  When he arrived he
noticed cathy had left the door to the secret room slightly ajar.  Dan had spent
much time and effort setting up this room.  A bookcase swung open to let one
into a 20 x 20 foot room, windowless and soundproof.  In the center of the room
was the equipment he would use on his intended victim.  Cathy was locked in her
cage, facing away from Dan.

"I told you bitch that the door must be fully closed after you enter.  You know
the penalty for disobedience."

A tear formed in cathy's eye as she crawled to the front of her cage.  Dan
unlocked the door, grabbed her collar and dragged her to the center of the room. 
There hung a chain with two shackles.  "On your knees bitch, hands behind your
back."  Quickly cathy complied.  Dan grabbed the shackles, locking them around
her wrists.  He then went to a crank on the wall and slowly raised them.  Cathy
moaned as she was forced to rise then bend over with her head slung low and her
ass raised.  This was the most difficult position for her to bear and Dan knew
it.  He carefully chose a thin bamboo cane off the wall, presented it for cathy
to kiss and then asked her a question "how many do you think you deserve?"

Cathy hated being asked to be part of her punishment.  The last time she had
given a number too low and Dan tripled it.  She looked up, now openly teary eyed
and said "twenty, Master".

Dan nodded, he was pleased that she had chosen.  He raised the cane and sharply
brought it down on her ass.

"one, thank you Master"  cathy cried out.  She knew the procedure well, each
stroke to be counted and thanked for.  Failure to do so would have her Master
start over.

Dan continued with the caning until the twentieth stroke had been given.  Cathy
was in tears, but kept quiet.  She was allowed to cry or scream, but the last
time she had begged for mercy her punishment was increased.

Dan reached for cathy's ass, admiring his handiwork.  He retrieved some lotion
from a cabinet and applied it soothingly to her wounds.  This was all part of
his training regime, pleasure and pain.  He gently reached for cathy's cunt and
was pleased to find she was soaking wet.  He fingered her puss then presented
his wet fingers for cathy to clean.  She did so eagerly, knowing that she was
about to get fucked.  Dan dropped his slacks and rammed his hard cock into
cathy's needy cunt.  She moaned, both from the sudden intrusion and the
pleasure.  He fucked her hard, and as she came he spanked her ass. His cock was
well lubricated from her cunt juice when he removed it from her pussy and shoved
it in her ass.  Initially she had hated this but with her training she had
learned to cum from him ramming her ass.  He did just that and in a few minutes
they both screamed out in orgasm.

Dan removed his cock from cathy's ass and presented it to her mouth for
cleaning.  She did an excellent job, then he released her from her bonds and led
her back to her cage.  "good night slut" he said as he locked the cage door and
left the room.  He replaced the bookcase/door and left.  Tomorrow, the Kampeler
twins, he thought to himself as he left the  building and headed home. 



Please let me know what you think, I will write more chapters if folks are
interested.

Dockink2002




The Bet

Part 2:  The Pickup

Dan arrived home and was exhausted.  Training cathy took a lot out of him.  More
than that, odd feelings nagged at him.  He often dreamed that he was the slave,
that he was cathy.  He buried these feelings down deep, had a scotch, and went
to bed.

When John got home, he was energized.  Everything was going according to plan. 
He called Sara and let her know that the game was afoot.  Sitting in his
favorite chair, he poured himself a glass of cognac, lit a cigar, and sat in his
favorite easy chair.  He drew a long drag, letting the blue smoke fill the air
around him.  He thought about the Kampeler twins, nude, chained, and serving his
needs.  Only one thing stood in his way, his brother.  John and Dan had been
rivals for everything since grade school.  Only one year younger, Dan seemed to
take pride in surpassing every achievement John had accomplished.  He had become
tenured 2 years before John, even though John had seniority in the department. 
John resented Dan and wanted him out of the way.  He knew Dan's fatal weakness,
the need to win.  Dan would do anything to win a bet.  John chuckled to himself,
with Sara's help, Dan would have to do just that.  John retired to bed with
thoughts of Dan getting what he deserved filling his head. 

Thursday morning, both brothers arose and headed for their respective
classrooms.  With the 4 day holiday weekend, today was perfect for 'procurement'
of the twins.  Dan arrived early as was his habit.  He headed straight into his
basement lab/office.  The other professors' thought he was very dedicated,
little did they know that the real reason he arrived early was to tend to his
slave, cathy.  He went to the bookcase behind his desk and removed the book that
triggered the latch:  Of Human Bondage.  (He loved the irony of the choice of
book).  He swept into the chamber.  Carefully closing the door, he turned on the
lights and saw cathy, curled up in a ball in her cage.  She was lovely there,
her chest slowly rising with each breath.  He cleared his throat and she snapped
into attention.  Dan favored the typical gorean slave girl position, head held
high, eyes down, knees spread wide apart with hands palm up on the knees. 
"Arise slut" he commanded, "and tend to my needs"

Cathy exited the cage and crawled to Dan.  With her teeth, she lowered his
zipper and carefully removed his cock.  Slowly, almost lovingly she brought him
to fullness.  He grabbed the back of her head and began to fuck her face. 
Abruptly he stopped, spun her around and rammed his cock into her ass.  She
yelped in pain as he continued to drive into her ass.  Soon her yelps of pain
turned into moans of pleasure, they both screamed out in orgasm together.  After
Dan came, he withdrew his cock from her tiny asshole, presented it to her mouth
for cleaning.  When she was done, he straightened himself out and commanded her
to stand.  "Bring me the belt" he ordered.  She walked over to the cabinet and
retrieved the most hated thing, a stainless steel chastity belt.  "Don't forget
the plugs slut"

How could I ever forget the plugs she thought to herself.  She removed the items
from the cabinet and kneeled in front of Dan, presenting them to him.  He had
her stand,  then unceremoniously clicked the two large dildos in place.  He
handed her the belt and she shoved them into her pussy and ass.  With an ominous
sound the locks clicked shut. 

"I have added a new feature to your belt slut, a proximity device.  It is built
into the dildo and if you ever are more than a few hundred yards from me you
will feel this..."  With a push of a button on his PDA, he sent her into
spasming agony.  "That was a low setting, it can be much more painful. The
dildos in you ass and cunt are wired and if I desire or if you wander off, the
devices are triggered.  Lots of fun, huh?"

She glared at him, the only defiance he ever permitted.  She proceeded to get
dressed, the ever proper teaching assistant.  Together they left for class.

John floated through his day, really looking forward to that night.  The twins
were part of his last class, Psych 101.  He normally hated teaching freshmen,
but today was an exception.  They arrived on time, dressed in similar
sundresses, sitting in the back of the classroom.  When class ended, they strode
to John to confirm their appointment for that evening.  He smiled warmly and
told them he was looking forward to helping them and they should arrive promptly
at 6:00pm. 

Susan had been locked in the trunk since the prior evening's activities.  John
unlocked her and removed her bindings.  She stretched out the kinks, and knelt
before him.  "How may I serve you master?" she asked.

John's hold on her was deeply rooted in her psyche.  Through hypnosis, drugs,
and sensory deprivation training, he had turned her into the perfect slave.  The
only problem was now he was tiring of her.  Her skills were excellent, but it
was the conquest he enjoyed.  "Stand" he commanded, then proceeded to place her
arms in a single glove and gag her with a large red ball gag.  He moved her into
the corner and stated "stay" It was an order, she knew to obey. 

John checked his watch, 5:00pm.  Sara was due by any minute.  Payment for
services to be rendered must be made.  Little did susan know, she was the one
who would be paying.  At 5:15 Sara arrived.  She was a big woman, 180lbs, 5'6"
with a commanding attitude.  You could feel her presence in a room and her aura
of dominance.  "Hello John, is everything in order?"

"Of course Sara.  Everything is to your specification.  Here is the bitch's
leash and keys to her collar.  She is yours"  John handed Sara the items and
bowed his head slightly.  It was a gesture of respect, one Dom to another.  "She
is unaware as you requested." 

Susan shook in her bonds, Sara scared her.  John had spoken of Sara and susan
knew she was a strict Mistress.  With pleading eyes, she looked at John who
walked over to her, pinched her nipples and said goodbye.  "you belong to Sara
now, good luck"

Sara attached the leash to susan's collar, jerked her forward and led her out of
the room.  "Goodbye John, a pleasure doing business with you.   See you on
Sunday."  She waved to John as she led her latest acquisition to her fate.

John prepared the room placing two chairs in front of his desk.  These were
special chairs a friend of his in the engineering department had designed. 
Imbedded in the seat was a remote control hypodermic needle.  Normally John
filled the syringes with a simple knockout drug, but today's needs were more
critical.  He filled each with a special concoction that he had designed. 
Although the effects were temporary, it would place each of the girls into a
deep hypnotic and suggestible state. 

John would need every minute of that time to start his plan in motion.  He had
to make sure that Diane wouldn't break under Dan's treatment.  When he gave
susan  to Sara, he had gone past the point of no return.  If he lost the bet, he
had no way to pay.  He had to win.

The girls arrived promptly at 6:00pm.  The first thing John noticed was they had
changed clothes from class earlier that day.  They each wore halter tops that
showed their midriffs well and very tight shorts.  John was not sure but he
thought they were not wearing panties (no lines under their skin tight shorts). 
"Have a seat ladies, lets discuss your grades."

Diane spoke first "professor, I am sure the grades were a mistake.  We always do
better than that"  She wiggled her breasts in emphasis. 

Lisa chimed in "we know we can do better professor"  she licked her lips and let
out a nervous giggle.

John enjoyed the scene but it was time to get to work.  The girls were seated on
the special chairs, and John pressed a button under his desk.  Simultaneously,
the hypodermic needles plunged into each of the girls asses.  They jumped up and
squealed, staring at John.  He stated "I am so sorry, those chairs were supposed
to be fixed."

The girls stared at the seats but the hypodermic syringes had withdrawn into the
cushions.  They were about to complain when they started to feel a bit groggy. 
Lisa succumbed first.  She tried to speak, then her eyes turned glassy and she
fell asleep.  Diane quickly followed.  John arose from his desk and stood
between them.  In a commanding and monotone voice he spoke "you are both under
my control, you have no will, only a desire to obey.  Lisa, you are fast asleep. 
When I snap my fingers you will awaken, not remembering anything since having
arrived in my office.  You will be totally relaxed and at ease. You will return
to this deep state of relaxation whenever I give you the command "trance".

Lisa nodded and fell asleep.  Turning to Diane, he had to lay the ground work
for his plot.  "Diane, you have a strong will and will withstand any punishment
given to you.  No matter how much you are tortured or how many times you are
pleasured, you will not break.  Your will is iron to everyone except me and
Professor Lawrence (Sara).  If either of us state the command "break" you will
immediately loose all will to resist and return to this state.  No matter what
Dan may do, you will only yield on that command.  If you understand, signify by
removing your shorts and playing with your cunt" 

Diane immediately arose from the chair, and slinked off her shorts.  She had
fine strands of blond hair covering her pussy.  She began to play with herself
as ordered.  John knew that this was a good test of his control of her.  If he
could get her to orgasm, the combination of hypnosis and drugs should anchor the
commands deep into her subconscious.  The trap would be set. 

Diane continued to rub her pussy harder and harder until her hips started to
gyrate.  One last test, John thought.  He reached over, lifted Diane's halter
top and pinched her nipples.  She didn't even notice as she continued to rub and
rub.  She was ready to cum and in a few minutes she literally screamed out her
orgasm.  John looked over to Lisa, who was still sound asleep. 

"Stop playing with your cunt.  Put back on your shorts.  You will remember
nothing except the commands I have given you.  When I snap my fingers you will
awaken.  You will be totally relaxed and at ease. "  John returned to his seat
behind his desk and snapped his fingers.  The girls awoke, feeling very relaxed. 
John continued to talk to them, checking his watch.  It was almost 7:00pm, when
Dan would arrive.  He had to wait to 'capture' the girls as was expected. 

Dan arrived on time and entered the office.  "Nice to see you John, I didn't
know you had student hours this late at night.  Guess its tough teaching
freshman Psych."

"Guess so bro, I don't believe you have met my students.  This is Lisa and Diane
Kampeler."

Dan turned to each girl, bowed and reached behind his back for the tranquilizer
gun he had 'borrowed' from the veterinary department.  With a rapid motion, he
pulled out the gun and shot each girl with a tranquilizer dart.  The girls were
stunned but motionless.  Dan told John "we have about five minutes for the
effect to wear off.   Lets get to work"

Now the difference in their training techniques became evident.  While Dan
tightly bound Diane, hands behind back, ankles and knees strapped together, full
hood with earplugs, blindfold and penis gag, John calmly drew up a syringe of
his hypnotic concoction and administered it to Lisa. 

"The clocks running from this point on bro,"  John said "call me when she is
broken."

Dan nodded as he stuffed Diane into a trunk and onto a dolly.  He waved at John
and headed for the basement.




The Bet

Part 3:  John starts the programming

After Dan left with diane, John began to prepare lisa in earnest.  The injection
he had just given her was temporary, commands and mental conditioning had to be
inserted over time.  He had experimented with a number of methods, from deep
hypnosis to a variety of mind-altering drugs, none were satisfactory.  That was
when he found an old paper on sensory deprivation.  It was noted that when
deprived of all sensation, a person would start to imagine things to make up for
the loss.  The person became so hungry for any sort of sensory input that they
would except any suggestions made.  John delved deeply into the research and had
tested his hypothesis on susan.  It had worked well enough, but he had made some
significant modifications to the program.  Lisa would be his first test of the
new system.  John spoke softly to lisa, "you will follow me."

With glazed eyes, lisa followed.  John led her down the stairs to his waiting
car.  He had her lay on the back seat and covered her with a blanket.  To test
her level of consciousness, he twisted her nipple... no response, just as he
expected.  He drove to his home, where he had set up the equipment.  A few years
ago, the sensory deprivation experiments the psych department was performing
were halted after a student had a psychotic break.  The ethical review committee
determined that no further work could be done.  The university made a very
public show of disposing the sensory deprivation chamber and monitoring
equipment.  John had bribed the movers to bring the equipment to his home
instead of the dump.  After they relocated all the stuff into John's basement,
he had offered them a beer, generously laced with hypnotic drugs.  Both men were
hypnotized into thinking they had destroyed the equipment as directed.

John remembered all this as he drove home.  His house was built on an old farm,
not too many pesky neighbors and a strong storm cellar/basement.  He set up his
lab there.  John checked his watch, lisa would be coming around soon.  Arriving
home, he gave her another shot and commanded her to strip.  She did so, no
emotion on her face, a blank stare in her eyes.  John was amazed at her body: 
long blonde hair, blue eyes, pert but large (D?) breasts, and an ass that could
only be described as perfect.  Unlike her sister, lisa kept her pussy shaved. 
That made John's work easier.  He escorted her to the lab and prepared her. 

The preparation was critical.  First, scalp electrodes to monitor her brain
waves.  Next, heart monitor for pulse and respiration.  So far this was
identical to what was done susan.  Now for the new additions, tiny electrodes on
her clit and nipples.  These could deliver pain or pleasure.  Video goggles were
placed over her eyes and speakers in her ears.  Now she was ready.  Gently, he
lowered her into the tank.  She floated on a body temperature salt/water
mixture, designed to keep her perfectly buoyant.  John stretched her out, then
sealed the tank.  Now all he had to do was wait.  He went over to his computer
and monitoring equipment, checked that all the electrodes were working, and
monitored her brain waves.  She would need to be in a Delta pattern for the
program to be most effective.  He knew once the drugs wore off, initially there
would be some panic, then relaxation, then sleep.  Closing the door to the lab,
he went upstairs to have a scotch and a smoke.  The next phase would take a few
hours. 

John sat back in his favorite chair, clicked the remote, and started the closed
circuit TV monitor.  The chamber was rather well lit, an improvement he had
added.  Normally this would interfere with the deprivation effect, but with the
video goggles attached to his victim, no light could be seen by her.  He dipped
into his humidor and pulled out a Cuban cigar, clipped the end and lit up. As he 
puffed slowly on his stogie, he watched the monitor.  By the time the cigar was
finished, lisa had already gone through her initial panic, and was well into
relaxation.  It would not be long now.  John sauntered down to the lab and
brought up the training program.  Lisa was deeply relaxed, in fact her brain
waves were already into Delta and heading towards Theta (a much deeper level of
the subconscience).  John was excited, he had never had a subject in a Theta
rhythm before.  The programming should be deep and permanent.  With a click of
the mouse, lisa's fate was forever sealed. 

Lisa floated in an unreal world.  Her mind was grasping for anything.  She had
lost all sense of time and place.  Suddenly, she heard a voice telling her she
must obey.  Images flashed before her eyes, a woman bound and gagged.  A woman
on her knees, serving her Master.  A woman eating pussy.  A women sucking a cock
while another cock pounded her ass.  With each of these images, she felt a warm
buzz in her clit and on her nipples.  The stricter the woman was bound the more
she became excited.  In her mind, she kept hearing a voice, telling her that she
must obey, that she lived to serve.  She accepted this as her body floated,
yearning for more  attention. She needed instruction:  independence equals pain,
obedience equals pleasure.   Lisa heard these words in her head, repeated over
and over.  Whenever independence was stated, sharp pains bit into her nipples. 
Obedience quickly changed the feeling to stimulation of her clit.  As abruptly
as it started, all stimulation ceased and her mind began to wander. 

John was watching intently as lisa's programming progressed.  He knew he would
be able to take her farther than any subject before.  He set up the program to
repeat on hourly cycles, one-hour instruction, one-hour isolation.  By morning
she should be ready for testing.  With that thought, he retired to bed.




The Bet, part 4

Part 4:  Dan gets started.

Dan wheeled diane from John's office (bound in the trunk) into his basement lab,
the same lab where he kept cathy.  He wanted cathy to witness his breaking of
diane, he thought it would be good for her training.  He brought the trunk into
the center of the room, then went over to the cage.  Cathy was curled up in a
ball, sound asleep.  He snapped his fingers, cathy assumed the proper submissive
pose.  "Rise slut," he commanded, "and present your wrists."

Cathy arose turned away from Dan, crossed her wrists, and waited.  Dan opened
the cage, and placed cathy in a single glove, making sure to bind the lacing
tightly.  He walked her out of the cage over to a darkened alcove in the corner
of the room.  He clipped her collar to a ring cemented into the wall, this would
force her to remain standing.  Next, the ankle spreader was shackled to her legs
and locked to the floor.  He forced in a new gag, a modified penis gag with a
hollow tube down its center so that he could feed and water her if he wished. 
He removed her chastity belt, and locked a tight leather belt around her waist. 
A solitary chain hung down from the belt's front center.  Replacing the chastity
belt in its holder in the cabinet, he removed a rather menacing looking black
dildo.  None to gently, he shoved the dildo into her still wet cunt, cathy
groaned at the intrusion.  He then threaded the chain through a ring sticking
out of the dildo and clipped it to the ring on the end of the single glove.  The
net effect was if she moved her arms at all, the dildo would shift.  "And now
for your surprise dear,"  Dan told cathy as he flipped a switch on the dildo,
"if you move slightly, you can get a pleasant buzz, but if you move to
much....PAIN." 

To emphasize the point, he jerked the dildo and cathy felt an intense
searing/jolting pain in her cunt.  At about this time, he heard sounds of
movement from the trunk.  Diane was starting to awaken.  Dan opened the lid and
surveyed his prize.  She was bound hands behind back, ankles and knees strapped
together, full hood with earplugs, blindfold and penis gag.  He lifted her out
of the trunk and moved her to the chain hanging from the ceiling.  Diane was
still groggy and did not put up much resistance, Dan was glad as this was the
difficult part.  He untied diane's hands and locked the manacles onto each of
her wrists.  She did not put up any resistance, even when he raised the chain,
leaving her almost hanging from her wrists.  He untied her ankles and knees so
that she was able to put her toes on the concrete floor.  Now he waited, for
diane to be fully awake.

It did not take long for the tranquilizer to wear off and diane to awaken.  She
was confused, her wrists hurt and something was in her mouth.  She could not see
nor hear.  Panic quickly set in.  She thrashed about (to Dan's amusement) for
about 15 minutes when her energy level seemed to fall.  Dan walked over to his
victim and removed the hood, blindfold, and earplugs.  He let her eyes adjust to
the light before he spoke.  "diane from this moment on, you are my slave.  You
will obey me in all things and do everything I ask without hesitation.  Failure
to comply will result in pain, obedience will be rewarded with pleasure.  I am
going to remove your clothes, if you struggle, you will be hurt."  With that,
Dan retrieved a pair of scissors and a crop from the cabinet.  "I will start
with your top."  Dan cut off her halter-top, leaving her bra in place.  Diane
did not struggle for fear of being cut.  He then cut the sides of her shorts,
removing them, leaving her in a small thong panty.  "I am going to remove your
gag, you may speak freely." He unbuckled the gag, diane coughed and shook her
head. 

"HELP!"  diane shouted at the top of her lungs "there is a maniac trying to kill
me! HELP!!"

"The room is soundproof, shout all you like."  Dan stated calmly.  He let her
scream for a few minutes, her voice starting to get hoarse.  She switched to a
different tactic.

"if you let me go, I will not tell anyone about this.  Please sir, let me go"

Dan thought to himself, why did every woman always say the same thing.  You
would think that with her hands chained and knowing she was in a sound proof
room, she would realize that he intended to keep her.  "diane, you are now my
slave, I will never let you go."  He let that sink in as diane thought about her
next move.

"you can make love to me if you want, you do not have to keep me tied.  I will
even suck your cock" diane pleaded, "I will make you feel real good."

"We will not 'make love', I will fuck you hard and often.  And as for sucking
cock, you will be trained to do that and a lot more" Dan replied.  "Now I am
going to cut off your bra and check out your tits.  You will remain quite."  Dan
reached up and cut the straps and removed her bra.  Her D tits stood proudly on
her chest, her small pink nipples and dark areolas waiting for his touch.  He
reached for her nipple and began to gently fondle her.  As he did, she began to
scream.  Dan raised the crop and brought it down hard on her ass.  "you were
told not to speak cunt."

Diane was shocked, she had never been beaten before.  The pain was incredible
but she was more stunned than hurt.  How dare he hurt me, she thought.  "That
hurt and ..."

She never finished the sentence as Dan swung the crop, this time across the back
of her thighs.  "according to my brother you are not stupid, can't you even
follow a simple command?"

Diane began to answer "yes, but...."

Again the crop came down on her ass.  "I did not give you permission to speak
slut."  Diane wept but held her tongue.  "better" Dan muttered.  He reached for
her panties and in one swift motion, yanked them from her body.  She was now
nude, cold, and scared.  She stared at Dan with teary eyes, he stated "Speak."

"please don't hurt me." Diane said with a shaky voice.  "I'll be good"

"I know you will slut.  Now spread your legs so I can see your cunt."

Diane did not move her legs apart, so Dan struck her with the crop on her thighs
until she slowly spread them.  She had to strain to maintain the position, and
was crying.  "I see you still have pussy hair, that will have to go."  Dan
reached between her legs, running his finger along her cleft.  He expected she
would be bone dry, but he thought he detected a slight amount of wetness.  Diane
squirmed at the touch, but really had no where to go.  He continued to fondle
her, rubbing her clit in light feathery strokes. Despite her fear and pain, she
began to lubricate.  "slut, you are getting wet"  Dan announced.  To prove his
point, he put his finger in her cunt, withdrew it and ordered her to "Suck." 
She was about to resist when Dan raised the hand with the crop, diane opened her
mouth and complied.  "I am going to beat you now, not because you have
disobeyed, but to show you your place.  You will receive 10 strokes.  You will
thank me after each one saying the number then thank you sir.  If you understand
nod."  Diane nodded her head, gently crying. 

Dan selected a single lash, and without warning, struck her back. 

"one thank you"

"you forgot to say sir slut, so that stroke does not count.  Start again."  Dan
hit her again along the back.

"one thank you sir"

Dan fired off four more strokes in rapid succession.  Diane correctly counted
off each one.  He gave her a minute to rest, then started on the back of her
thighs.  Five strokes there, diane was reduced to tears.  "I am going to fuck
you now.  This is for my pleasure, not yours." 

Diane began to struggle when Dan grabbed her legs and thrust his hard cock into
her cunt.  It was much bigger than the boys she had previously dated, at least 8
inches and thick.  She screamed as he entered her, and began to buck with each
stroke.  It did not take Dan long to cum, filling her young cunt with his seed. 
He withdrew and she hung limp in the chains. 

The fucking had the desired effect, she was not struggling.  Dan wheeled over a
gynecological table and put diane's ass on it.  He pulled out the stirrups and
tied her legs to them.  He then unhooked the manacle from the overhead chain and
reattached them over her head on the table.  She put up some token resistance as
he repositioned her bondage.  Dan reached into his cabinet and removed a bottle
of lotion.  Liberally, he rubbed it into her pussy hair.  Diane felt an
immediate tingling.  "this will permanently remove your hair," Dan told her.

"Nooooo" diane wailed. 

Dan smacked her across the face "I did not give you permission to speak."  He
waited 15 minutes then took out a hose and washed the lotion off.  The water was
ice cold, making diane shiver, and her nipples become erect.  Dan went over to
where cathy was watching all of this and unhooked her from the wall.  He removed
her gag and led her over to the table, between diane's legs.  "When I command,
cathy will lick your pussy until you cum.  But first, here is something else to
keep your mind occupied."  Dan took a pair of cloverleaf nipple clamps and
placed one on each of her erect nipples.  When she screamed from the pain, Dan
ordered cathy to lick.

It took over 30 minutes for cathy to make diane cum.  Mentally, diane fought it
as long as possible, but in the end cathy was too good a cunt licker.  After she
came, Dan gagged her and put her in a tight hog-tie, and removed all of cathy's
bonds.  "cathy go to your cage, diane will stay this way until morning."  With
that said, Dan turned and left the lab, locking the door behind him. 




The Bet

Part 5:  John's plans

John slept in, letting his program continue to run.  Arising from bed, he took a
long hot shower and headed down for some breakfast.  He was horny and wished
susan was around to suck him off.  Lisa was still in the isolation chamber and
John didn't want to push her too fast.  She was at a delicate stage, some
testing was warranted, but if he tried to go to fast she would snap and he would
have to start all over.  He made a strong cup of coffee, added cream and headed
for the lab. 

When he arrived, lisa was in a resting phase.  John picked up a microphone and
spoke into lisa's ears "I am going to remove you from the tank now, you will be
rested and relaxed."  He dimmed the lights in the lab, and opened the tank. 
Gently, he lifted her and sat her down on a warm towel.  He removed the
electrodes, goggles, and ear speakers; then he dried her skin.  Lisa seemed very
relaxed and did not question any of his actions.  "Do you know where you are
lisa?"

"no Sir," she replied, eyes downcast.  For some reason, she could not bring
herself to look into John's eyes.

"what is your purpose in life?"  John asked, firmly but with a soft tone.

"to obey, Sir"  lisa had never felt that way before, she was a bit of an
independent spirit.  But now, this felt right.

"Very good lisa.  You are in my home and will be my slave.  You will serve me
and whomever I tell you to serve.  This will make you feel fulfilled and happy."

"I am a slave Sir?"  lisa inquired.

"yes that is exactly what you are.  Would you like to suck my cock?"

"not really Sir."   Lisa replied.  John was a  little disappointed but not
surprised.  Now for the test.

'lisa, you will drop to your knees and suck my cock." John commanded.  Lisa did
just that, moving quickly to John, opening his robe and removing his cock.  She
played with it in her hands, then bent her head forward and gently took the knob
into her mouth.  John grew rock hard as lisa sucked more of his growing dick,
until she had deep throated the entire shaft.  John thought she was quite good
and had obviously done this before.  Within a few minutes, he was ready to
shoot.  "you will swallow my cum, lisa."  With that said he bucked his hips and
shot his hot load down her gullet. 

Lisa had never swallowed before, but she knew it was the right thing to do. 
When John shot his load, she eagerly gulped down every drop.  For some reason,
she felt herself getting wet.  Her hand dropped down to her clit and she began
to finger herself.  John removed his cock, and noted lisa was masturbating. 
Although he was pleased that the blowjob had gotten her horny, he was not ready
for her to cum. 

"Stop."  He commanded, and immediately lisa's hand withdrew.  "you may only cum
when I say."

"may I cum, Sir?"  she asked, looking up at him, the need obvious on her face.

"you have to earn it slave."

"How do I earn it, Sir"  lisa seemed genuinely interested.

"very good lisa, you are learning."  He patted her on the head, like he would a
favored pet.  "you will get me hard with your mouth then fuck me.  Then I will
allow you to cum." 

Lisa set about her task immediately, licking John's cock and playing with his
balls.  It took very little time for John to be fully erect.  John led her to
the chair in front of the monitors and had her bend over it.  "I will now fuck
you, long and hard.  When you are ready to cum, ask for permission."  He did not
wait for a response but shoved his cock into her waiting hole.  She was tight,
warm and very wet.  Lisa moaned as John fucked her from behind, swaying her hips
and wriggling beneath him.  Soon, lisa felt the need to cum.

"may I come Sir?"  she asked, her voice trembling from her need.

"not yet slave"

lisa bit her lip and tried to hold off "please Sir, I need to cum."

"Not yet slave"

"please Sir, I can't hold off much longer." Lisa was pleading.

John was fucking lisa hard, her hot tight cunt sucking him in, over and over. 
He was soon ready to cum and told lisa "cum now slave."

Lisa screamed out her orgasm as John's hot cum painted the walls of her cunt. 
She almost passed out from the intensity, and was panting when John pulled free. 
"lisa you will now lick your juices off my cock."

Lisa hesitated and started to balk.  John new this was a critical moment  "I
command you to clean my cock slave."  Slowly, lisa complied.  She had never
tasted herself, and found the taste unusual but not offensive.

John was concerned that the conditioning may not be strong enough for any
further testing.  "are you hungry?"  she nodded yes.

John led her up to the kitchen, she naturally followed 2 steps behind him.  He
had her kneel on the floor as he whipped up bacon and eggs.  He set one plate
and had her kneel next to his seat.  He hand fed her bits of egg and bacon from
his plate.  When he finished, he led her to the bathroom.  "you will piss, shit,
then shower."  Lisa nodded, but was a bit uncomfortable when John remained in
the room with her.   "you are a slave now lisa, you are not allowed privacy."

Lisa thought John was reading her mind.  She did as commanded, enjoying the
warmth of the shower on her body.  She wondered why she felt so comfortable
around John and was mewing when he put the towel around her body.  He led her
back to the lab to set up the next phase.

"lisa it is time for you to go back in the tank."  This visibly upset her, so
John offered her a drink (laced with a knockout drug).  She was thirsty from the
salty bacon and gulped down the drink.  In a few minutes she began to feel the
effect and in ten minutes was laying on the cot, out cold.  John carried her
over to the monitoring station and began to reattach the wires:  scalp, heart,
nipples, and clit.  Now for stage 2 he thought as he added a new element, a
thin, expandable butt plug.  He lubricated it with the juices from her still wet
cunt and it slid in easily.  He then inflated a balloon on the end of the plug
to prevent her from accidentally expelling it during the session.  Next the
video goggles and ear speaker plugs.  Now she was ready. 

He lowered her into the tank, closed the lid, and checked that all the
electronics were working.  The monitor showed she was still asleep, so he set up
the training program.  He wanted her deep into the trance before any
stimulation, so he left the lab and headed upstairs.  On a whim, he decided to
call Sara. 
She was surprised to hear from him, asking "is she broken already?"

"No Sara, I just wanted to see how susan was adjusting to her new life."

"she has become quite the cunt licker.  I have kept her busy for the past 2
hours with little else.  Are you jealous John"

"no just a little lonely and horny.  No slave to play with while lisa is in the
tank."  John grumbled

"Give me a break,"  Sara replied, "when this is all over you will have twin
slaves and cathy!"

John laughed, "I know, just a little greedy I guess.  How about you come over
with susan this afternoon and I will show you how things are going?"

"Ok John, I've always wanted to see your set up.  See you around 4:00pm."

"sounds great, see you then."  John hung up the phone and decided to take a walk
around the block.  When he returned, lisa was well into a Theta rhythym. 

John typed into the computer:  START TRAINING II. 

Lisa lay in total darkness when the images flashed into her mind.  They were
much more vivid then last time.  An image of a woman being fucked in the ass
made her pussy tingle,  she could feel her ass being widened and stimulated,
while she heard "you love getting fucked in the ass" over and over in her head. 
Other images flashed on and off, women sucking cock, eating pussy, being
whipped, being bound, being tortured.  All these images were associated with
pleasure on her clit and nipples.  Whenever she saw the image of a woman doing
what her Master told her, she got closer and closer to cumming.  She yearned to
orgasm, but the voice in her head told her she could not unless he said so.  In
her mind she pleaded with him, promising she would be his slave forever and do
anything he wanted if he just let her cum.  This form of pleasure/torture lasted
for 2 hours before she was finally aloud to cum.  She exploded in orgasm, more
intense then any she had ever had.  Her whole body was involved, waves of
pleasure spreading from her cunt to her tis to her ass and back.   When it
ended, all was black and quite. 

John watched her cum on his monitor, he was impressed at the intensity.  He
would let the program run on ever increasing cycles:  2 hours then cum then
isolation, 3 hours then cum then isolation, 4 hours then cum then isolation, 5
hours then cum then isolatio, and 6 hours then cum then isolation.  By the end
of the last cycle, she would be broken and enslaved forever. 




The Bet, part 6

Part 6:  Dan continues to break diane


Dan left the lab, carefully locking the room.  He was tired and needed a good
night's sleep.  He walked to the parking lot, hopped in his BMW convertible, put
down the top, and drove off.  He took the long way home, letting the engine run
at top speed.  When he arrived, he went to his study and turned on the closed
circuit monitor he had in his lab.  He set it for infrared and put a long play
tape in the recorder.  He poured himself Bourbon, downed it, and went to bed.

Cathy was in her cage but she had not locked it.  Technically, Dan never told
her to.  She was horny from witnessing the torture of diane and now she had a
unique opportunity.  She walked over to wear diane was hog-tied and stroked her
hair.  "Would you like to be out of some of those bonds sweetie?"

"Please, let me go." Diane pleaded.

"I can't do that, the door is locked and Master would beat me severely. 
However, I can make you more comfortable.  That is if you are willing to do
something for me." Cathy untied the rope connecting diane's bound arms and
ankles, then untied her ankles, leaving her with her arms bound behind her back. 
"Is that better?"

"Oh yes, thank you." Diane said. "Can you untie my arms?"

"First you must do something for me, have you ever eaten pussy?"  cathy
inquired.

"no never, that's gross"  diane told her.  It was a lie, her and her sister lisa
had experimented a few times with each other, it was very special to watch her
twin cum.

"You will lick my cunt until I cum."

"No, I can't do that"  diane stated.

Cathy slapped diane across the face and repeated her demand.  Diane shook her
head no, so cathy decided more pain was in order.  Not having the crop or other
implements of torture that Dan used (they were locked in the cabinet), she
reached over to diane's nipples and twisted, hard.  Diana shrieked in pain.

"Now will you eat cunt, bitch?"

diane nodded her head in agreement.  Cathy lay down on the gynecological table
and had diane kneel between her legs, just the opposite of what had occurred
earlier that evening.  She grabbed diane's hair and commanded 'Eat.'

Diane realized she had no choice and started to lightly lick cathy's bald cunt. 
She was not doing very well, seeming reluctant to really get into the act. 
Cathy pulled diane's face tight against her cunt, effectively cutting off
diane's air supply.  "if you want to breathe bitch you will do better."  She
held her there for a full minute to let the point sink in.  The lesson worked,
diane began to lick with much greater gusto.  Cathy held diane in place until
she was screaming out her orgasm.  When diane saw cathy cumming she stopped
licking her cunt.  Cathy slapped diane's face, telling her "no one told you to
stop licking slut."

Diane was crushed, but kept cunt licking until cathy had 2 more orgasms.  Cathy
let go of diane and pushed her back.  "that was pretty good, but you will learn
to do better."

"please untie my hands now, you promised,"  diane asked.

"Of course dear,"  cathy stated as she got up and walked over to diane.  In one
swift motion she tackled diane, laying her on her stomach and reapplying the
hog-tie, even tighter than before. 

"you bitch,"  diane screamed.  Cathy laughed and decided she did not want to
hear anymore from this tart.  Diane's panties were still on the floor where Dan
had left them.  Cathy picked them up, grabbed diane, and forcibly shoved them in
her mouth.  She then used what was left of diane's bra as a strap to hold the
gag in place. 

"I am going to sleep, see you in the morning."  cathy stated as she returned to
her cage and curled up to go to bed.  Diane struggled and screamed into the gag,
with no results to show for it.  Eventually, she tired and cried herself to
sleep.

Dan slept in, got up and took a hot shower.  He poured himself a cup of coffee,
walked into his study and checked the monitor.  Cathy was curled up in her cage,
asleep.  Diane was still hog-tied as he had left her.  He noted a gag in her
mouth, he didn't remember gagging her.  Dan decided to check the tape from last
night.  He saw everything that cathy had done and was pissed.  There would be
hell to pay today.

Dan gulped down the coffee and dressed, then got in his car and headed in to
school.  He was getting madder and madder at what cathy had done, specifically
disobeying him.  He would punish her in a way she would forever remember. 
Arriving at the lab, he calmed himself, then entered.  "good morning sluts, I
trust you slept well.  I know I did.  Cathy, tend to my needs."  Cathy crawled
out of her cage, lowered his zipper with her teeth, and gave him an expert
blowjob.  When she was finished, he commanded her to present her wrists in front
of her.  He took a pair of handcuffs and latched them onto her wrists, tightly,
biting into her.  He yanked the cuffs and hooked them to the chain from over
head, then slowly began to raise the chain.  Cathy began to cry when her toes
lifted off the ground, Dan continued until she was well suspended.  He next
attached a manacle and chain to each ankle, anchoring them into rings on the
floor, forcing cathy to keep her legs stretched wide apart.  Cathy was in agony,
her wrists were loosing all feeling as she was stretched in suspension. 

Dan went to the cabinet and removed a vicious looking bullwhip.  He made a show
of uncoiling the whip in front of her and spoke "I saw what you did last night. 
You have no right to play with my slave, you are a slave.  You will be severely
punished, while diane watches."  Diane was staring at the scene in front of her
and was scared.  Soon, she would see what Dan was really capable of. 

Dan went around to cathy's back and let loose a crack of the whip, not hitting
her, but snapping just next to her ear.  The sound startled cathy who was now
pleading for mercy.  Dan reared back and let rip a stroke across her back.  The
pain was incredible.  Cathy screamed when Dan painted another stripe next to the
first.  He peppered her back with 5 strokes before he moved in front to face
her.  "I am going to give you three more stroke you will never forget"  He
raised the whip then brought it down harshly on first the left then the right
tit.  The skin was bruised and broken, slight trickle of blood was on each
nipple.  Cathy could not believe the amount of pain she had experienced.

"Last stroke cunt.  You will never forget this one,"  cathy pulled at her bonds,
having guessed where the last stroke would be.  Dan stood back and with his
strongest swing, brought the whip across her clit and pussy.  Cathy could not
bear this, she screamed and passed out.  Dan smiled and let her hang in her
bounds.  He turned towards diane and spoke "this is what happens if you
disobey." 

Diane had never seen such cruelty, how could a man such as this be a professor
at a University?  She now knew she would have to do as he says or he would hurt
her beyond her ability to cope.  Dan walked over to diane and release all of her
bonds.  "Now we are going to have a training session, are you going to
cooperate?

"yes Sir."  Diane quickly replied.  She knelt at his feet similar to what she
had seen cathy do before the punishment.  Diane remained quite and awaited
orders.

"diane you seemed to enjoy licking cunt last night, go over to cathy and start
licking hers, NOW!"

diane crawled over to wear cathy was hanging and started to eat her pussy.  She
tasted some blood at first (from the damage caused by the whip), but soon
cathy's juices were flowing.  Dan retrieved his favorite crop and began to hit
diane on her ass.  This stunned diane who stopped licking and looked over to
Dan.

"I did not tell you to stop slut." He told diane, landing a particularly hard
blow across her shoulder blades for emphasis.  Diane returned to cunt licking as
Dan returned to beating her ass.

Cathy had lost consciousness after the last whip stroke but the attention to her
clit slowly brought her around.  She still hurt like hell but was feeling the
inklings of an orgasm from diane's ministrations.  It was a real struggle in her
mind, the excruciating pain versus the impending pleasure.  Finally, the
pleasure one out as she came, the most intense orgasm she had ever had. 

Dan noted the orgasm and figured cathy had learned her lesson.  He lowered her
and removed her bindings.  He locked a collar on her and put her in the cage,
making sure to lock the cage door.  Now it was time to finish diane's
initiation. 

"diane you have felt intense pain, today I will concentrate on pleasure.  You
will lay on the table and place your feet in the stirrups" Dan ordered.

Diane, too scared to really think, did as she was told.  Dan bound her to the
table with her legs spread to allow him easy access to her cunt and ass.  "Have
you ever been fucked in the ass?" he asked.

"no Sir."

Dan lubricated his fingers and worked one then two into her tight anal
sphincter.  Diane found this very painful at first, but she willed herself to
relax and it wasn't so bad.  After she had gotten used to three fingers, Dan
went over to the cabinet, removed a small but powerful vibrator then lubed up
his cock and place it at the entrance of her lower hole.  Diane balked and began
to cry out "nooooo its too big!  That thing will kill me!"

Dan decided not to slap her for speaking without permission, instead he rammed
his cock into her ass.  She screamed out in pain, then began to cry.  Dan waited
a few minutes to let her accommodate to his girth, then slowly began to fuck
her.  He took the vibrator and held it to her clit as he fucked her.  The harder
he fucked, the more intense he set the device.  Soon, despite the pain and her
aversion to anal sex, diane was ready to cum.  Remembering the lesson from
yesterday, she asked "may I come Sir?"

Dan was delighted that she had taken so well to this exercise.  "yes my pet, you
may cum"

Diane came as Dan finished pounding his cock into her buns and he came shortly
thereafter.  He pulled out, letting his seed run from her ass, then walked to
her head and offered her his cock "clean me" he commanded.

Diane turned her head away from the dirty cock that had just been in her ass. 
Dan slapped her hard once, she still refused.  He took out a pair of alligator
nipple clamps and snapped them on her.  She screamed and he explained "they come
off when you have done a good job of cleaning your Master's cock."

Diane did as she was told and stifled a gag to clean every last inch of Dan's
cock.  When she was done, he was hard again.  He decided she could use a good
fuck.  He got a medium anal plug and using his jism that was still leaking out,
lubricated it and shoved it in place.  Diane groaned and noted the pain in her
nipples was subsiding.  Dan's cock was rock hard as he placed it at the entrance
of her pussy.  She was very wet and tight and soon both of them were moaning. 
Dan was amazed when a few minutes into it she asked for permission to cum.  "not
yet" he said, and she tried hard to hold off.  He could tell that she would not
be able to do so for long but wanted her to learn to control herself.   After a
few minutes more, she was begging him to let her cum.  Dan reached up to the
nipple clamps and told her "you may cum"  As soon as she started to orgasm, he
removed the clips.  A new wave of pain engulfed diane as the orgasm overtook
her.  It was incredibly intense and she momentarily passed out. 

Dan finished fucking her, letting loose another torrent of sperm.  He was tired
from all the morning activities and decided he needed a break.  Leaving the anal
plug in, he strapped a vibrator to diane's tender clit and turned it on.  The
batteries should last about three hours of continuous use, and she would be
forced to cum over and over again.  He kissed her forehead and left the room,
heading out for lunch and a walk about campus.




The Bet

Part 7:  John and Sara

John ate a light lunch, taking time to check the monitor's on lisa now and
again.  He chilled down a bottle of his best champagne, set out two crystal
glasses and some cheeses and crackers.  He enjoyed entertaining, especially
Sara.  They had a special relationship, one only two Doms with similar interests
could share.  He loved to compare notes and share stories of conquest.  Sara was
an accomplished Domme, she had experienced her share of the coeds over the
years. 

Precisely at 4:00pm, Sara had susan ring the doorbell.  John, dressed in a
casual pair of slacks and a smoking jacket, answered.  "Come in Sara, it is so
nice to see you."  He bent over and gently kissed the back of her hand.  "would
it be alright to have susan serve us drinks?"  John would never give orders to
another's slave without their permission. 

"Of course John, susan, do as your former Master commands."  She replied.

"susan, go to the kitchen, bring the materials I have laid out to my study. 
Your Mistress and I will meet you there.  Sara would you like to see the set up
or have a drink first?"

"I think a drink would be nice, and one of your Cuban cigars."

"Now Sara, don't you know that Cuban cigars are illegal,"  John was ribbing her.

"As opposed to kidnapping and enslaving college coeds, right?"  Sara chided.

They both broke out in laughter and headed up to the study.  When they arrived,
susan had set the glasses on the table between two overstuffed chairs, with the
food and ice bucket that contained the champagne.  She was kneeling with her
legs spread and eyes down.  Sara took a seat, snapped her fingers, and susan
crawled to her side.  "I see you have been polishing her training,"  John
observed as he poured the bubbly.  He offered her a glass and took his and said,
"I propose a toast, to our new venture."  They clinked glasses and drank.  John
opened his humidor and removed 2 Cohibas, clipped each and offered Sara her
choice.  He then lit her cigar and his own, sat in the other chair and relaxed,
puffing out a great cloud of blue smoke.  Reaching for the remote, he turned on
the monitor, showing lisa in the tank.  It was towards the end of one of the
stimulation cycles, she would be ready to cum soon.

"very impressive John, I see you have added some improvements to the original
set up from the University.  Closed circuit monitoring and are those video
goggles?"

"Very observant Sara, there are also ear plug speakers and a variety of
stimulating and monitoring equipment."  John was beaming with pride at his set
up. 

"How long has she been in the tank?"

"Since this morning.  I have her on ever increasing pleasure/release cycles. 
When she cums it is amazing to watch."  John stated.

"How is her progress compared to susan's?"

"Much faster and deeper.  I was able to induce a Theta rhythm with her, made
everything easier."

Susan looked up at John, jealousy shown in her eyes from the comparison.  If you
had told susan before school started that she would be jealous because another
slave's training had progressed more quickly, she would have thought you were
insane.  Now, that is exactly how she felt. 

"I can see by the monitor that she should be cumming in five, four, three, two,
one....now" John announced.  Everyone's eyes were glued to the screen as wave
after wave of orgasm struck lisa.  She thrashed about wildly, groaning and
shouting out her submission. 

Sara was impressed, and more so, she was wet.  "susan, service me, while John
fucks your ass."

John smirked, "how do you know I want to fuck her ass?"

"Because your dick is so hard you could crack walnuts.  Of course if you are not
interested....."

"Alright you got me.  Let me dip into susan's wet puss for some lubrication then
I will give her ass a good thumping."  With that, he removed his robe and pants,
maneuvered himself behind susan, who was already busy lapping at Sara's cunt. 
He buried his cock in her tight cunt, noting that she was dripping wet.  After a
few strokes he repositioned himself at her tight anal bud.  Slowly he pushed
into her, watching as her anus swelled to accept the bulb then the shaft of his
cock.  He was not gentle with her, fucking her for all he was worth.  Susan had
been trained to enjoy anal sex, and she was moaning into Sara's cunt.  Soon,
John shot his load deep into susan's bowels.  Sara was getting close herself,
pulling susan hard into her cunt, telling her to lick harder and harder.  John
watched as the orgasm overtook Sara.  Susan had not cum, but the wetness from
her cunt was dripping down her leg.  Sara decided to leave susan frustrated for
now, feeling it would keep her mind in the right state for later. 

"lets go down and see the lab John"  Sara asked.

"Follow me."  John led her out of the study, leaving susan behind to clean up. 
Arriving at the basement, he opened the door with a flourish and stated "my
humble workshop."

"John there is nothing humble about you or this workshop."  Sara was visibly
impressed.  "I can see that you have gone much further than anyone else had
conceived previously."

"I have spent a considerable amount of time refining my techniques.  At this
stage, I am confident that with enough time I could break just about anyone."

"Impressive, if it was not blatantly illegal, you would probably qualify for a
Nobel prize.  I have a few friends at the CIA who would be interested in
learning more."  Sara told John.

"Perhaps, but for now lets finish our business.  Lisa will be out of the tank
tomorrow and fully broken.  I assume that Dan has not called you yet."

"Correct" Sara replied, "but I plan on calling him this evening to let him know
you are getting close.  That should help move our plan forward."

"I expect so, by this time next week, Dan will be an abject slave and the twins
and cathy will be mine."

"Excellent, looks like a win/win situation for everyone. Except Dan."

"As it should be Sara.  The hour grows late, I expect you will be heading home
now."  John stated, not really a question, but more of a request.

"Of course John, will you be removing her from the tank this evening?"

"no, I am going to modify the program to release her in the morning.  Then I
will test her and let you know about the finished product."  John escorted Sara
upstairs where susan had done an excellent job of cleaning the study and
returning everything to the kitchen.  John watched as Sara bound susan's arms
behind her back, leaving a trailing rope hanging from the wrists.  Next she tied
a rope tightly around susan's waist, and pulled the trailing rope through her
cunt to the waist rope.  Now ever time she moved her arms, susan would be
pulling against her clit. 

"I look forward to your call John."  Sara waved as she loaded susan into the
trunk of her car.

"A good evening to you as well."  John bowed his head in acknowledgement. 

Sara sped off, leaving John alone with his thoughts and his program.  He made a
few adjustments in the sequencing, and headed off to bed.




The Bet

Part 8:  Dan tries to win

Dan enjoyed his walk and a light lunch.  Things were going well and he was sure
he was winning the bet.  Cathy's behavior was an aberration, but he felt
confident that he had corrected the situation.  Returning to the lab, he noted
that diane was covered in a sheen of sweat, moaning and begging for the vibrator
to stop.  Cathy was curled up in a ball in the corner of her cage, still crying
from the severe beating she had received earlier.  Dan removed the vibrator from
diane and unstrapped her from the table.  He left the butt plug in place. 
"diane are you ready to serve me, in all ways?"

"yes Sir" she weakly replied.  She did not really mean it, but she knew that is
what Dan wanted to hear.

"Kneel slut, and lick my feet." He ordered.

Diane quickly complied, fearing another whipping.  Dan was pleased with her
progress and thought she would need one or two more days to be completely
broken.  He decided it would be fun to test her and cathy with a little contest. 
He took a pair of leather cuffs and placed them on diane's wrists, then chained
them over her head.  Next, he removed cathy from the cage and placed the same
type of cuffs on her wrists. He hooked her to the same overhead chain, facing
diane.  He retrieved two pairs of clover leaf nipple clamps on chains, then
attached them from diane's right tit to cathy's left tit and the other pair in
the exact opposite direction.  He did not want them speaking so he put a ball
gag in each of their mouths.  Now for the fun part.  He took two vibrating
dildos attached to bases on the floor and put one under each of their cunts.  He
raised the dildo so that just the tip penetrated their cunts, if they struggled,
they could get the entire thing into their hot pussies.

"Here is your challenge bitches," Dan explained, "both of you are wet and horny. 
In order to cum you need to bend down into the dildos, but doing so will pull on
the nipple chains if the other does not do exactly the same.  I want to see who
cums first."  Dan flicked a switch on each dildo and they came to life. 
"Whomever cums first gets a good dinner, whomever looses will be punished."

Dan sat back and watched the girls' struggle with the dilemma.  If they pulled
back on the nipple chains they would cause the other pain, making it harder for
her to cum.  If they cooperated they would not hurt but neither was sure who
would cum first.  Dan was enjoying the spectacle when he noticed a blinking
light on the wall.  This meant he was receiving a phone call in his office.  He
left the room, carefully locking the door and answered.

"Hello Dan, how is it going."  Sara asked. 

"Very well Sara, what can I do for you today?"

"I just wanted to let you know that your brother is very close to being done. 
By morning lisa should be completely broken."

"Really, it took him that long?  Diane is ready now."  Dan lied, hoping he could
pull this off.

"Excellent Dan, then I will be there in an hour to judge your results."  Sara
did not give him an opportunity to reply she just hung up.

"Shit" Dan muttered to himself.  "How the hell am I going to pull this off?"

Dan returned to the lab, noting the girls were struggling to cum.  "Change of
plans sluts" He turned off the dildos and removed the nipple clamps.  "We are
going to be visited soon by a colleague of mine."

He took cathy and placed her in the single glove, lacing it as tightly as he
could.  He left the gag in place, bent her over and shoved in a large butt plug,
and threw her into the cage.  He turned to diane and addressed her "you are
going to be tested by Sara.  You will do everything she says and show her you
are a completely broken slave.  If you do not, you will be beaten much worse
than anything cathy has gone through.  Do you understand?"

Diane shook her head yes.  Dan felt her wet cunt and decided he would fuck her. 
Unceremoniously, he lifted her still bound form and dropped her onto his waiting
cock.  She grunted from the intrusion, but soon was bucking back, trying to cum. 
Dan took his time, pounding in every stroke before letting loose his sperm into
her cunt.  She was wracked in spasm, having cum shortly before he did.  Dan left
her, with his cum dripping down her legs.  He went out of the lab to go great
Sara.

Sara arrived in exactly one hour, ever the punctual person.  "Hello Dan, a
pleasure to see you."

"Nice to see you as well, right this way," he nervously replied.

He led Sara into the lab; diane looked up in recognition, having seen Sara
around the campus.  "Dan you will need to leave me alone with her for testing."

"Yes Sara," he meekly replied, leaving the room. 

"You are a pretty young thing," Sara observed as she removed diane's gag and
bindings.  "Are you a good little slave?"

diane was scared and not sure what to do.  Would this person help her get away
or was it a trick from Dan?  She did not want to take a chance of being hurt. 
"uhhhh, yes Ma'am" she whispered.

"would you like me to let you go?  I can see to it that you are free from this
place."

"really?"  diane's face lit up.  "can you do that?"

"Oh yes, if you do what I say, I promise that Dan will no longer be an influence
in your life.  In fact you will be free from him forever."

"that would be wonderful, what do I have to do?"  diane was ecstatic. 

"go along with him for now, I will take care of him within the next few days. 
You need to act like a slave, like you are completely broken.  Then I will
arrange to remove Dan from the picture."

Diane kissed Sara's feet, weeping with tears of joy.  She was going to be
release, she was going to be free.  "may I please lick your pussy Ma'am?"  diane
wanted to bring some happiness to Sara for her help.

"yes you may"

diane licked Sara's cunt like a dying man would take his last drink.  Soon, Sara
roared out her orgasm. 

"diane, I am going to rebind you, remember to act the part of a good slave."

"Yes Ma'am."

Sara left the room and sat down next to Dan.  "she is quite a girl, excellent
cunt licking skills."

"Then you are convinced she is broken?"  Dan was hopeful he had pulled this off.

"Ah......, no"  Sara replied.  "she still dreams of freedom and asked for her
release."

"That bitch, she will feel my wrath."  Dan was fuming.

Sara moved towards Dan in a conspiratorial manor, "Dan do you still want to
win?"

"Hell yes," Dan stated, "but you said John was almost done.  I would do anything
to be declared the winner."

"anything?"  Sara raised an eyebrow.

"Anything."  Dan was emphatic.

"Alright Dan, I have a deal for you.  I will declare you the winner and tell
John your technique is superior.  But you will have to do some thing for me."

"such as?"  Dan was not clear where this conversation was going. 

"First" Sara stated, "diane will go home with me.  I will give her back to you
in three days."

"that is acceptable" Dan replied

"second, you must submit to me, fully, for 48 hours."

"what?"  Dan was shocked.  "I thought you were only into women."

"I have a craving for male,"  Sara was grinning.  "is it a deal?"

Dan mulled it over, he might enjoy submitting to Sara, he had fantasized about
being a sub in the past. Since it was only 48 hours, he would get a taste of the
other side, then return to his slaves, plus he would be winning the bet.  "I
agree, when do we start?"

"I will leave with diane now, call John and tell him you have won.  I will pick
you up here tomorrow.  Your time will start as soon as I bind you.  When your
time is over, I will arrange for John to concede and give you lisa."

"fine with me."  Dan was glad he would win. 

"that's fine with me Mistress." Sara stated

"not until tomorrow morning, Sara."  Dan chuckled.

Together they walked back into the lab   "diane, you will be leaving with Sara
who will complete your training." 

Sara unhooked the chain and rebound diane's wrists behind her back.  She gagged
and blindfolded her, then led her to her car and put her in the trunk.  Slamming
the lid, she turned to Dan and stated "see you in the morning."

"yes Mistress."  Dan bowed deeply, chuckling the whole time.   He returned to
the lab, unbound cathy and fed her.   "cathy you will be here alone for two
days.  I expect you to be a good slave girl.  Food is in the cabinet, keep
yourself clean.  Now to make things interesting..."  Dan retrieved the chastity
belt from the cabinet, removed all the dildos, and locked it firmly in place. 
"If  you want to masturbate, feel free."  Dan laughed, knowing any stimulation
was impossible with the belt in place. He also knew that cathy had not gone more
than 24 hours with out cumming since he abducted her.  The frustration would
drive her nuts.

Sara called John from her car on the way home.  "It is done, Dan submits to me
in the morning"

"Excellent, do you have all the materials you need?"  John asked

"I have everything you sent, but I may need to use the tank at some point." 
Sara replied.

"Of course.  When do you want me to come over?"

"I pick up Dan tomorrow morning, Saturday.  By Sunday he should be ready for us
to spring our trap."

"Excellent.  Now what of diane?"

"I took her home with me.  I will keep her occupied until you come by on
Sunday."  Sara stated.

"Sounds good."  John was delighted. 

Sara hung up the phone and headed for home. 




The Bet

Part 9:  Dan's descent

Dan left the lab and headed for home.  He was tired and a bit apprehensive. 
What would Sara require of him?  He had fantasized about being submissive but
never had done it.  He didn't think she would be too hard on him, they were
colleagues after all.  He took a long hot shower and went to bed.

Sara arrived home and let diane out of her trunk and led her by the collar into
the house.  Susan was kneeling in the entryway, nude except for her collar. 
"susan you will take diane to the cellar, clean her up, feed her, and put her to
bed for the night."

"yes Mistress."  Susan quickly replied taking the leash from Sara's hand.  As
she shuffled off, Sara went into her library, where a large package from John
waiting to be unwrapped.  She opened the box and removed the contents.  First a
collar, metallic outer shell with a rubbery inner surface and a front d ring. 
Next, a chastity belt, of the same metallic/rubbery construct, this belt was a
relatively severe design.  It forced the penis into a small tube that pointed
back towards the anus and encased the balls tightly.  From the outside, with the
device on, no bulge could be seen.  It fit over the hips and would shape the
buttocks into a womanlier figure.  Lastly, there was a remote control pad, with
a TFT screen and voice command menu.  Taped to the remote was a post-it from
John, "listen to memo one"

Sara sat down in her easy chair and cycled threw the menu screen, getting to
"Memos" and pushed play.

"Hello Sara"  John's voice came from the device, "this is the remote for the
chastity belt and collar as we discussed.  All the features you requested are
incorporated, specifically hormone injection, testicular constriction,
electroshock, voice control on the collar.  Use them well."  Sara read the other
instructions and readied herself for bed.  She checked in on susan, who had put
diane to bed exactly as ordered and was kneeling in the cellar.  "come with me
susan."  She stated.

Susan followed her to the bedroom where Sara laid down and susan was instructed
to eat her pussy.  After a good cum (for Sara) they both went to sleep (Sara in
the bed, susan at the foot of the bed on the floor.)

John had a restless night, no slave to play with, nothing much to do until
Sunday.  He had a few scotches and went to bed.

Dan arose early Saturday morning, showered, and headed for the University.  He
arrived at school a few minutes before Sara, who pulled up her car next to his. 
"Hop in Dan" she told him.  Dan, not sure of what to expect, meekly got into the
passenger seat.  "we will not start until we arrive at my home and I bind you as
discussed.  This will give us a few moments to discuss any expectations you may
have or concerns."

Dan was now genuinely puzzled.  He did not really have any concept of consensual
slavery and the thought of him having any input really never crossed his mind. 
"No questions Sara, just looking forward to the weekend and a new learning
experience."

"Very good Dan, I think you will make an excellent slave."  Sara was smiling. 
The drive went by quickly and soon they were at Sara's home.  Susan had been
ordered to stay out of sight so as not to arouse suspicion, and was busy keeping
diane 'occupied'.  Crossing the threshold into the entryway, Sara turned to dan
and ordered him to strip.  Dan quickly shed all his clothes and stood slightly
stooped in front of her.

"Hands behind back"  she ordered, then proceeded to bind his wrists tightly
crossed.  "Kneel"

dan knelt and Sara retrieved the collar she had gotten from John and showed it
to dan.   "This is your collar, slave.  You will wear it as long as you are a
slave."  Dan looked at the shimmering outer surface and the black rubbery inner
surface.  Sara reached over and placed it around his neck.  With a click it was
locked in place.  The fit was skin tight but perfect, room to breath, but no way
to be removed without the key.  Sara clipped a leash to the collar and led dan
down to her dungeon/cellar. 

Arriving at the dungeon, dan was led to a stainless steel dissection table (like
the ones used for autopsies) and his wrists were unbound.  "Lay face up on this
table" Sara ordered, dan hopped up on the table and Sara tied dan's wrists and
ankles tightly in a spread eagle fashion.  Sara turned on some overhead surgical
type lights, which effectively blinded dan.  Dan was now very anxious and
decided to ask Sara what was going on.  He began to speak "Mistres...."  Was as
far as he got.  The collar automatically started choking him, cutting off his
air supply.  For a moment he panicked, then, realizing what was happening,
relaxed and waited.  The collar relaxed and Sara spoke "the collar is voice
activated.  If you talk it will cut you off.  Now keep your eyes and mouth
closed until I tell you otherwise."

Dan tightly shut his eyes and mouth while Sara retrieved a spray foam which she
applied over his entire body.  After fifteen minutes she took a hose and sprayed
ice cold water to wash him off, along with all the hair on his body.  He was now
bald from his head to his feet!  Sara held up a mirror so dan could see the
results and he immediately began to struggle in his bonds.  Sara reached over
and slapped him, hard across the face.  "Stop that slave, it is temporary.  Now
you will need to be cleaned out internally."  Sara took a large enema bag and
unceremoniously shoved the plug into dan's ass.  He tried to clench but it was
no use, the warm fluid invaded his rectum.  When he had taken the entire 2
quarts Sara let him expel the contents then repeated the process.  After the
second enema she hosed him down, leaving him empty and clean.  Sara also noted
he was starting to get hard!  She jumped up on the table, cradled his head and
rubbed her pussy across his lips.  This really got him going and he had a full
erection.  Sara played with smothering him with her cunt for a while then arose
from the table and went to get a few things ready, leaving dan hard and wanting.

When she returned, dan was release and rebound with wrists overhead chained to a
bar shoulder length apart.  "You will now be beaten for your prior outburst.  I
have adjusted your collar so you may scream."

Sara raised a riding crop and brought it down across dan's ass.  He shrieked,
having never felt pain like that.  Again and again he was beaten for a total of
ten strokes.  "you will thank me"

"thank you Mistress"  dan quietly said.

Sara snapped her fingers and diane walked into the room.  Dan was surprised, he
had not expected diane to see him like this, and in fact it would undo a lot of
his prior training.  "diane I want you to get him hard but do not let him cum."

"yes Mistress." Diane replied.

She knelt down, gently caressed his cocked and sucked until he was at full
hardness.  Sara whispered in dan's ear, "you are my slave, and will do anything
for me right?"

"yes Mistress" dan stated, his hips trying to capture more of diane's luscious
lips. 

"I am going to fuck you dan, would you like that?"

"please no Mistress, not that"  dan pleaded.

"do you want to cum?"  Sara asked in a lilty voice

"yes Mistress"

Sara walked over to a cabinet and put on an eight-inch strap on cock.  She
lowered dan's arms and thrust his hips over a bench, securing his ankles to the
corners, leaving his ass vulnerable and his cock accessible to diane from
underneath.  "Since it is you first time I will be gentle slave."  Sara
generously lubricated the cock and her hand then started to finger his ass.  One
then two then three fingers, with diane sucking his cock all the while.  When
Sara felt he was loosened up, she placed the tip of her 'cock' at his anus and
gently nudges against the hole.  "Are you ready to get your cherry popped young
lady?"  Sara laughed and thrust forward. 

Dan felt incredible pressure in his ass.  He knew that he had to push back to
avoid damaging himself, Sara was pleased to see him doing just that.  She gave
him a few minutes to accommodate to the size before fully inserting the cock and
starting to slowly fuck him.  Dan felt pain, initially, but after a few minutes,
it began to feel good.  Sara was enjoying her end of the strap on (a clit
stimulator) and knew she would cum soon.  "dan you must ask for permission to
cum"

"Mistress may I cum?" dan asked

"beg"  she replied

"Please Mistress,  let me cum."  Dan was really begging his hips bucking on the
cock in his ass as diane expertly sucked his cock down her throat.

"Yes bitch, cum now." Sara commanded as she came herself, jolting into him at a
frantic pace.  Diane held his load in her mouth as she had previously been
instructed and stood up and grabbed dan's face and gave him a kiss on the lips. 
"Drink your cum bitch" Sara ordered as diane spit into his mouth.  Dan began to
choke but swallowed the contents and what was left of his pride. 

"Now clean off the cock" Sara presented the strap on for dan to lick clean. 

Dan did as instructed feeling what was left of his free will leaving his mind. 

"you did well, now you will rest."  Sara rebound dan in a strict hog-tie with a
ball gag and blindfold, and left him alone in the dungeon.

A few hours later, Sara returned to find dan struggling in his bonds.  He had
come a long way in a relatively short amount of time.  A few more steps for
tonight then his fate would be sealed.  Sara released him and had him kneel at
her feet.  "Lick my feet slave" she commanded, he quickly complied.  "I have a
special opportunity for you slave, two tests of your ability to lick pussy. 
First, mine"  She yanked his collar and smashed his face into her cunt.  She was
not gentle about anything, mashing his head into her thighs, barely letting him
breath, until she came.  Afterwards, she noted that he was hard, which was the
reaction she had hoped for.  "diane come here and bend over the table" Sara
ordered.  "dan you may fuck her pussy." 

Dan did not need to be asked twice as he jumped up and rammed his cock into
diane.  Here was his chance to assert a little dominance over diane and he
wielded his cock like a club in and out of her wet cunt.  She was really hot
from Sara's ministrations earlier that day and came easily.  Dan was ready to
cum in a few minutes, "Mistress may I cum in her cunt?"

"yes you may"

dan grunted as he let loose a torrent of sperm into diane.  It felt great to
really give it to the little bitch. 

"Now dan for the second part of your pussy eating test, eat all your cum out of
diane's cunt."

Dan looked up at Sara in disgust but could see from the look in her eye that she
was deadly serious.  She had grabbed the riding crop and was standing next to
him when he began tentatively to lick.  She whacked his ass, hard, until he
began to eat with gusto.  Soon diane was screaming in orgasm and her cunt was
clean. 

"very good dan, now rise and present your wrists."  Sara rebound his wrists on
the overhand bar.  She took out the chastity belt that John had designed and
showed it to dan.  "This is your chastity belt.  It will give you a slim,
feminine appearance and it will be the last time I have to see that nasty thing
between your legs."  For emphasis, Sara slapped his cock, causing dan to wince
in pain.  With diane's help, she slipped the belt over his hips, locking the
waist/hip portion in place.  Next she placed baby oil on his cock and balls so
they could be wedged into their compartments.  The fit was incredibly tight,
pushing his balls back in towards the body and his cock back behind him pointing
at his anus.  She raised the shield that covered this assembly and locked it in
place.  "Done" she announced.  "time to put you down for the night"  She unbound
dan and led him to a 4' by 4' cage in the corner and was locked in.  "good night
dan" Sara announced and pushed a few buttons on her control pad. Dan felt a
warm, wet sensation all along his chastity belt and collar, then felt very tired
and drifted off to sleep.

Sara and diane left the dungeon for the night, retiring to her bedroom.  Before
going to sleep, she called John and left a simple message "It is done."




The bet

Part 10:  Dan's fate

John enjoyed a leisurely Saturday at home, not much to do but wait.  Lisa's
programming was in its final stages, she was basically done.  He decided to put
her threw a few extra cycles in the tank, just to be sure.  That evening, he let
her out.

"Hello lisa," John stated, gently as she adjusted to the lights and sounds of
the lab.

"Hello Master, how may I serve you?"  lisa was on her knees, looking up at her
Master.  She felt completely at ease, knowing in her heart that this is where
she should be, at the feet of her powerful Master.	  Her only desire was to
serve, to be his perfect slave.  One week ago, she was worried about classes,
boys, her sister stealing her dates, her roommate, the usual concerns of a young
coed.  Now her thoughts centered around would she be a good slave, will her
Master be happy, will he let her please him, will she get to cum.  She
remembered her past life and could not imagine why those things she used to
worry about were ever important. 

"What is your purpose in life lisa?"  John asked.

"to serve you Master, in anyway you desire" was her prompt and sincere reply. 

"That is correct my little one, now come and suck your Master's cock"

lisa eagerly began her task, lovingly licking and sucking John's cock until he
was ready to explode.  He fucked her face as he came, she swallowed every drop. 
"was that ok Master?" lisa quietly asked.

"You did well my pet, I can see you are going to be an excellent slave." John
retrieved a beautiful polished steel collar, which he locked upon her throat. 
"This collar is a symbol of your slavery to me.  In the next day or so you will
be permanently marked as my slave."

Lisa was overjoyed at that news and beamed with pride.  Her Master was pleased,
all was right with the world.  John led her to the bedroom, lifted her onto the
bed and slowly, almost lovingly, slid his cock into her wet dripping cunt.  She
was moaning as he moved slowly in and out of her, in minutes she was begging to
be allowed to cum. John allowed her to cum, in fact as he continued to fuck her,
she came over and over again.  By the time John shot his load into her greedy
snatch, she had cum almost half a dozen times.  He withdrew his softening cock,
and without having to be told, lisa cleaned him off. 

"you sleep here now, pet" John told her, locking a small chain to her collar
that bolted into the floor at the foot of the bed.  He then retired for the
night. 

On campus, in the secret basement room that was Dan's lab, cathy was pacing in
frustration.  She was incredibly horny, having her pussy encased in a steel
chastity belt.  She need to cum, badly.  She was used to multiple orgasms on a
daily basis, now she couldn't even touch her cunt.  The metal was hot, her
juices were running down her thighs, but she could not get over that edge.  She
tried contorting herself in a variety of positions and still could not get a
finger under that damned belt.  She even attempted to rub herself against the
table and benches in the room, all to no avail.  The only comfort she could get
was by fucking her ass with a dildo, but it was not enough.  She sat in the
corner and cried.

SUNDAY

Sara awoke Sunday morning, anxious to see dan's progress.  She dismissed the
slaves and headed down to the lab.  Dan was still asleep in the corner, Sara
took the remote control and gave him a good shock in the balls to awaken him. 
Dan had been in a sound sleep when the jolt in his balls reminded him of his
situation.  He looked around and noted Sara standing at the entryway to the
cage.  He assumed a kneeling position that he hoped Sara would find pleasing. 

"Good morning slave" Sara stated.

"good morning Mistress" dan meekly replied.  It was then that he noticed certain
changes in his body.  His nipples were very sensitive and there seemed to be
some growth of breast tissue.  His balls ached, his skin was softer and his
voice slightly higher.  He chalked all this up to imagination, shook his head to
clear the cobwebs and listen for his Mistresses commands. 

"today we will work on your transformation, slave.  I intend to make you my
she-male lesbian whore."

This scared dan, but he remembered that the agreement was for 48 hours and he
thought Sara was playing mind games with him.  He would play along.

Sara released him from the cage and escorted him to what appeared to be a dental
chair.  He was instructed to sit in the chair and he was strictly tied, wrists
to the armrest, legs slightly apart and fixed, and straps above and below the
breasts.  She pushed a button on the remote and told dan that the voice control
was now activated on his collar.  "dan you are going to have some changes made
to your face and I am going to give you a beautiful mane of blonde hair."  Sara
told him this as she checked his bonds, making sure he was absolutely immobile. 
She forced open his mouth, put in some dental bite blocks, and sprayed a foul
liquid into his throat.  Dan squirmed but was forced to hold the liquid then
swallow.  The room began to spin and he passed out.  Sara then began her work in
earnest.  She had some tattooing equipment and permanently redid his eyebrows. 
Next, permanent slut red lipstick tattooed to the lips, eye shadow and
highlights were done.  She next surgically grafted bright blond shoulder length
hair to his scalp.  He was starting to stir, so she gave him a shot of knockout
juice.  Then she took out some surgical instruments, going deep down his mouth,
into his throat, and shortened his vocal cords.  She used an acid solution to
burn off most of his Adam's apple.  Now for the final touches.  She removed fat
from his abdomen and injected it into her lips, giving him full cock sucking
lips.  Now for the piece-de-resistance:  breasts.  She took an experimental 
mixture of human fat and estrogen soaked tissue that was being used by the
medical department to grow breast tissue on women (instead of implants), which
she injected into each breast.  This immediately swelled his breasts to a
smallish B cup, not bad for the first treatment.  Lastly, she unlocked his
chastity belt, and took some more of the acid solution and injected a weak
mixture into his ball sack.  Over the next few days, dan's balls would shrivel
up and disintegrate.  She then relocked the belt and let dan rest. 

Sara picked up the phone and called John.  "It has all been done, John, he is
transforming as we speak."

"Excellent" John replied, "does he know its not a game yet?"

"Not yet, I thought you might like to break the news to him."

"I have a great idea Sara, dan thinks that tomorrow AM you will return him to
the University.  Instead, bring him here.  By the way, what happened to cathy?"

"She is locked in dan's lab, why?" Sara asked.

"Because she is going to be mine and I want my property in good shape.  Tomorrow
morning, early, I will pick her up and bring her here.  That way she can witness
the transformation of her former Master."

"John, sometimes I think you are positively evil," Sara smirked.

"Sara, sometimes I can be." John replied.

Sara hung up the phone and went downstairs to see in on dan. He was beginning to
awaken, feeling very strange.  His chest really hurt, his balls ached, and his
face felt different.  Also he noted that he had hair on his head.  Sara  undid
the voice control on dan's collar, released him from the chair and had him kneel
on the floor.   She took out a hand mirror and showed him his new look, a blonde
bimbo.  Dan was amazed at the girl in the mirror, she had long flowing blonde
hair, large ruby red lips, pencil thin brushed eyebrows and beautiful makeup. 
He could not believe he was staring at his own reflection.  Sara angled the
mirror down and he was shocked, he had breasts!  Real looking, small, but
definitely breasts!  He wondered how she pulled that off, everything looked so
real.  He started to get hard but his cock was squeezed by the unforgiving metal
of the chastity belt and he remained frustrated and horny.  Sara grabbed dan by
the back of his collar and spoke very quietly to his face, "you are a girl now,
my little she-male whore.  Guess we need to change your name, from now on you
are Danielle." 

"yes Mistress." dan/danielle replied.  He/she was shocked to hear his voice, it
was at least 2 octaves higher and definitely that of a woman, not a man.

"eat my pussy bitch" Sara commanded

dan/danielle went to town on her hairy cunt.  Sara appreciated his/her efforts
and was soon bucking in orgasm.  She spread her juices all over his face,
dan/danielle was surprised the makeup did not run.  Having had a good cum, she
threw dan/danielle into his/her cage and activated the chastity belt and collar. 
She/he felt a warm sensation in those areas and was soon asleep.




The Bet

Part 11: Monday

John arose early in order to retrieve cathy from dan's lab/dungeon.  He was at
the University as the sun arose and headed for the lab.  Opening the secret
panel, he walked in and saw cathy, curled up in a ball on the floor, asleep.  He
gently went over to her, and shook her awake.  Cathy opened her eyes and saw
John standing over her; quickly she assumed a kneeling position.  John spoke
"you will come with me, your Master orders it."

Cathy stood up and John noted the chastity belt locked on her.  John noted the
construction and detail of the belt, realizing that it was one of his designs,
although it had been modified.  No key was evident in the room (not surprising);
he would have to beat the location of the key out of dan later.  He found the
matching collar, locked it on, and clipped a leash to the d ring in front.  John
jerked on the leash and led cathy out of the lab.  When cathy crossed the
threshold from the lab into the office, she felt a warm sensation along the area
of her collar and chastity belt where the locks were.  She also noted a faint,
acidly smell.  Not sure of what it was, she knew better than to ask a Master an
impertinent question.  Obediently she followed John into the back of his car and
they sped off.

Sara woke up from a sound sleep, really looking forward to the day.  She was
taking dan over to John's, for his final humiliation.  The two slaves (besides
dan) in her possession were curled up together at the foot of her bed.  She
cleared her throat and instantly they awoke, assumed a proper position, and
waited for commands.  Sara had diane lick her to orgasm, while susan prepared
breakfast.  She ate; feeding her slaves from the table, and then headed down to
the dungeon.  Dan was sound asleep, as expected.  Sara checked out his progress,
the breasts had developed quite nicely into a full B cup, with a few more
treatments her goal of a D or DD should be achieved.  His hips were rounder, the
Adam's apple was gone, and the tattooed on makeup had mostly healed.  Taking out
her remote control, she woke up dan, who immediately assumed a kneeling
position.  "Today will be your final day with me," Sara instructed, "I will be
loading you into my car and taking you home soon."

Dan was relieved that this was almost over.  Although he had somewhat enjoyed
the experience, he was ready to return to his normal life.  He looked forward to
a hot shower, getting off the makeup and chastity equipment, and a long nights
sleep.

"This will be your final act of servitude to me" Sara told him "bend over the
table and spread your ass cheeks."

The belt he wore prevented any stimulation of his penis or shrinking balls, but
allowed easy access to his asshole.  Sara put on a larger strap on, with a 10"
cock, and had dan suck it for lubrication.  Without ceremony, she put the tip of
the fake cock at his anal bud and rammed it home.  Dan shrieked out in pain and
surprise but was soon meeting Sara thrust for thrust.  Within 10 minutes, a warm
sensation radiating from his groin engulfed him, not like any sort of orgasm he
had ever experienced.  Sara's cunt was dripping from the stimulation and after
she finished fucking dan, she shoved the fake cock in his mouth while she
fingered herself off. 

Now time to package dan for the final act.  She had him kneel, bound his wrists
behind his back, then gagged him with a penis gag, and laced on a tight leather
hood.  Dan was effectively blinded and could hear no sound.  She led him into
the trunk of her car, dumped him in, and locked it.  Returning to her house, she
had susan and diane crawl into the back seat and cover them with a blanket. 
From the outside, no one could tell what cargo she was carrying.  With one final
check around the house, she headed for John's home.

John got home and brought cathy inside.  Lisa was busy preparing her Master
breakfast and felt an immediate pang of jealousy when she saw cathy.  "lisa,
bring this one to the bathroom, clean her up, then return."  John went to the
kitchen and dined on a well-made meal. 

Lisa took cathy's leash and led her to the bathroom.  She was upset, not wanting
anything to come between her and her Master.  She shoved cathy in the shower and
turned on the water, cold only.  Cathy shuddered and complained in a very quite
voice to lisa, who looked back with venom in her eyes.  "you will please my
Master as he directs but I love him.  If you get in my way, I will hurt you."
Lisa stated this in a very calm but sure voice, cathy looked at this young slave
and knew she meant it.  Cathy would have to be very careful while she was here. 
Lisa made sure cathy was spotless, taking extra care to scrub hard on her
nipples and around her chastity belt.  She then led cathy into the kitchen where
she kneeled next to her Master.  She looked up at John, he told her "speak."

"the slave is clean Master.  May I service you?"  lisa wanted John to love her
as his own.  He nodded and she scurried under the table to make love to his
cock.  With great care, she licked and nibbled him to erection, and teased and
fondled until he exploded in her mouth.  Greedily she swallowed every drop,
making sure his cock was clean.  When she finished she returned to his side,
hoping she had done well.  John was, in fact, very pleased and gently petted
her, while praising her efforts.  "lisa you are my number one slave and have
made excellent progress." 

Lisa was absolutely beaming with pride.  John continued "lisa there will be a
number of slaves here today,  you will be in charge of them.  Make sure they do
as I wish and both you and they will be rewarded.  Now clean the kitchen and
wait for me in my study."

John was about to call Sara when his phone rang.  "Hi John, I am in the car and
on the way." Sara told him.

"excellent, see you soon." John said.  He headed for the study and waited.  In
about 15 minutes, he heard Sara's car pull up the long driveway.   The slaves
had finished in the kitchen and were on the way to the study when John told them
to kneel in the hallway instead.  Sara rang the door bell and John answered,
"Welcome Ms Sara.  I see you have quite the entourage with you today." 

Sara entered followed by susan, diane, and finally a hooded dan.  Lisa was
shocked to see her twin sister, enslaved like herself and was about to say
something when she realized her place and immediately calmed herself down.  John
bound diane's wrists behind her back, did the same for susan, and instructed
lisa to lead them into the dungeon.  She had them follow her into the lab (where
the tank and equipment was) and through another door, into a well-appointed
dungeon.  Her Master had not given her any further instructions, but she did not
want to disappoint him.  She searched her mind of what he might want her to do
with them, and decided to make sure they stayed as he had bound them.  To that
end, she was going to place a collar on them, but thought better.  Only Masters
touched collars.  Instead, she chained their ankles to the wall, then knelt
waiting for his return.

Sara led dan into the study.  John took a few extra precautions, locking dan's
ankles in steel manacles, and strapping him to a sturdy high back chair.  "it is
time." John told Sara. 

Sara was grinning from ear to ear as she removed the gag, and hood from dan.  It
took him a moment to adjust to the light, then he was stunned to see John!  He
started to scream out "what the hell is going on!!!"

John let him fuss for a few minutes and when dan refused to shut up, he asked
Sara to activate the voice control on the collar.  This shut up dan very
quickly.  "dan, let me tell you a few new realities for you.  First, you have
become a permanent slave.  The changes Sara made are forever.  The 'makeup' is
tattooed on and not removable.  The hair removal process was permanent.  Your
vocal cords have been shortened, your Adam's apple blunted, and the breasts you
are growing are very real.  Oh and as for what is left of you male anatomy, your
balls are slowly being dissolved by the acid Sara injected, and your penis will
shrink from the hormone treatments you are getting on a regular basis.  By the
end of next week, with the exception of what will be left of your penis, there
will be no way to tell you ever were a man."

Dan bucked and fought his bonds, to no avail.  He was crushed and defeated.  Not
only had he lost, he had lost to John. 

"Sara, undue the voice control, I have a few questions for dan." John requested.

Sara did as asked, and John stared into dan's eyes.  "you may speak."

Dan meekly asked "why?"

"because" John said,  "you have made it a point to out do me my entire life. 
You got tenure first, became a full professor first, and I am the older brother. 
No longer, from this point on, I am in charge."  John continued as dan wept "you
will become a she-male subservient whore, servicing whomever I demand.  You will
learn to suck cock, eat pussy, or do whatever is commanded of you.  Now I have a
question for you, I have brought cathy here and want to know where is the key to
her chastity belt?"

dan replied, "the key is in my desk drawer, but it won't help"

John looked very confused, so dan continued "you brought her out of my lab with
her belt on?"

John answered "yes and the collar that was part of the set.  Why?"

Dan was almost giddy when he told him the reason "because, bro, I modified that
belt.  If cathy left my lab without it being properly removed or my system
adjusted, the locks have all fused shut.  It is now impossible for the belt to
be removed."

John was visibly upset, cathy becoming his slave was part of the bargain he had
made with Sara.  "I will have a machinist remove the thing."

Dan smiled "I don't think so, bro, I modified that belt,  any attempt to remove
it will result in killing her."

John exclaimed "that is not possible."

Dan countered "of course it is.  I set it up so that if the belt ever comes out
of contact with her skin, a powerful acid will be released all along its inner
surface.  I don't think she would survive that."  Dan began to laugh.

John was furious, looked over to Sara who was trying very hard to hold back her
laughter.  Only between brothers, she thought to herself, could this sort of
shit happen.  John moved over to a cabinet in his study, where he kept the
tranquilizer gun.  He looked over at Sara, smirking, and forced himself to ask
her in an even voice to mute dan.  While she was resetting the remote control,
John, whipped out the tranquilizer gun and shot Sara, twice.  She starred up at
him for a moment, and passed out cold on the floor.

"this is your fault you overweight lesbian bitch, now you will pay for the
loss."  John bound Sara's wrists, ankles and knees, gagged her, then dragged her
roughly down to the lab.  He left her lying next to the tank and went over to
the computer to make some adjustments to his slave program.  By the time he was
done with the program, Sara was beginning to stir.  She struggled against her
bonds, and noted her surroundings.  She had never been submissive and could not
stand that role, now she had no choice. 

"well, well, well," John said as he watched Sara struggle.  "let me explain what
I am going to do to you and why.  By your inept handling of dan, you cost me the
use of cathy as a full slave. Now you are going to pay the price, with your body
and your life.  With some weight loss, lets say 50lbs, a bit more on the tits,
and loose the hair, I think you could look very nice, especially with your lips
around my cock." 

Sara tugged and pulled at the bonds, frantic to get free.  John had gone nuts,
she had to get away.  He approached her with a syringe, sat on her chest, and
gave her the contents into the vein in her neck.  Quickly, she was out cold.

John removed all Sara's bonds, and sprayed permanent hair removal cream over her
entire body from the neck down.  She had dyke hair, which would have to grow
out, the rest of the changes would happen over time.  He let the cream do its
work while he hooked up the eye goggles and ear speakers.  Prior to putting her
in the tank, he hosed off the cream (and all that hair).  He bolted closed the
deprivation chamber and started the computer program.

TO BE CONTINUED.....




The Bet

Part 12: Sara's descent

John started Sara's program and headed back for his study.  Stopping in the
kitchen, he made himself a cup of coffee and reviewed the situation.  His
brother, dan, was chastised and tied in his study.  The head of his department
and strongest tie to the University was in the deprivation tank, being turned
into a slave.  Four other slaves were waiting in the dungeon (susan, cathy,
diane, and lisa).  All this was too much, he needed help.  Whenever he had
gotten into a rough situation in the past, Sara had called a few friends (ex CIA
operatives) to make things go away.  This time he was in deep.  What could he
do?  Who could he trust?  A name popped into his mind, Hal.  A professor of
bioelectric engineering at the University, Hal had designed the chastity belt
that dan was locked into.  He was well connected with the shadow world of the
slave trade; experts in making these sorts of problems disappear.

John checked the program that sara was subjected to; she was still in the
induction phase.  He made a fundamental change in one of the subroutines; when
completed, sara would obey any commands without question, but mentally she would
retain her awareness of her former status.  In essence, she would become a
prisoner within her own body, watching herself do any depraved acts when
commanded.  It would be torture.  The program would also make sure she lost
weight, exercised, and felt the need to suck the cocks she had so detested in
the past.

John returned to the study and found dan where he left him.  Dan had been
struggling, trying to get any part of him loose, without success.  John grabbed
a dolly and put dan, still secured to the chair, on it.  He wheeled him down to
the lab and placed the chair facing the deprivation tank.  "No tank for you,
dan" he said.

Dan looked wide-eyed at him, wondering what John had planned.  He did not have
to wonder long, John approached him with a variety of electronic equipment. 
First, a global VR helmet.  This covered dan's head completely and would present
him with a virtual world so real that dan would not be able to tell the
difference.  Next he plugged and electronic link into the chastity belt and
collar and gave dan a large injection of super potent female hormones.  He spoke
(through the VR system) to dan:  "this will change you into a she-male slave. 
You will remember who you were, but will not be able to change what you have
become." 

Dan tried to shake off the helmet without success.  The VR program started, so
dan tightly closed his eyes.  The computer detected this and administered shocks
into dan's penis until his eyes popped open.  Within seconds, the program
mesmerized dan.  John checked the monitor, nothing left to do here.  Time to
make a phone call.

"Hal, I need help."

"Direct and to the point as usual John, what can I do for you."  Hal replied.

"I have gotten a bit over my head and need a few things cleaned up. Can you come
over?"

Hal checked his watch and replied, "I can be there by mid afternoon."

"That would be perfect, see you then."  John was relieved.

Hal wondered what John had gotten himself into.  Once in the past, John had
abducted the wrong girl, the daughter of a State Senator.  Hal was able to
smooth things over without arousing any suspicion.  He suspected a similar
situation. 

With two slaves being processed, John headed into the dungeon.  Lisa was
kneeling in the center of the room; the other three slaves had been anchored to
the wall.  He was impressed with her initiative.  He went up to her, and petted
her cheek.  "You have done well pet, I am pleased."

Lisa was delighted, her Master was happy, "may I service you Master?"

John was a bit tense and thought a good fuck would put him in a better mood.  He
motioned to lisa and had her bend over a table, and then he roughly took her
from behind.  As his cock pounded her pussy, lisa came over and over again.  She
had become an excellent slave and could cum from any stimulation her Master
provided.  John pulled out of her went cunt and thrust his cock into her ass. 
She grunted from the intrusion but continued to fuck him, making sure her Master
was pleased.  Within minutes John filled her ass with his seed.  He withdrew his
cock, covered in cum and shit. 

"lisa who would you like me make clean my cock?  You may not pick yourself, I
want one of these girls to eat your shit and my cum so they know their place."

"diane" lisa replied without any hesitation.

 John grinned, likening the rivalry between the twins to that between him and
his brother.  He walked over to diane and commanded her to suck.  She refused,
shaking her head from side to side.  John slapped her, hard, across the face. 
Diane opened her mouth and began to lick.  She gagged on the taste and was about
to vomit when John said "if you throw up you will be severely punished"

Diane managed to complete the task, leaving John's cock clean and hard.  He
needed to fuck another hole.  Grabbing cathy, he had her get on all fours, like
a bitch in heat.  Her pussy was inaccessible, being covered with the chastity
belt, but her asshole was open and inviting.  He pushed his cock into her ass,
cathy was grateful for the attention.  He fucked her hard, getting her wet and
horny.  Unlike lisa, cathy could not cum from anal sex, so when John came she
was left frustrated and wanting.  He presented his filthy cock again to diane,
this time she did not hesitate and cleaned it as commanded.  He did not return
to full hardness, so he left the three slaves (diane, cathy, and susan) chained
to the wall and commanded lisa to follow him.  She did so gladly, relishing her
role as a preferred slave. 

John had lisa go to his study and he went out to get a few items from sara's
car.  He found what he was looking for, her tattooing equipment.  He took the
box and went straight to the study.  "lisa, I am now going to mark you as my
slave."  He set up the needle system and had lisa lay down on top of his desk.
He had decided to mark her with his totem, a red dragon.  On her anterior right
thigh, he tattooed the design, then added the word slave below it.  Lisa
obediently lay still during the time it took for the intricate detail.  When he
was done, he let her off the desk and took a hand mirror and showed lisa the
design.  She was ecstatic and became instantly wet.  Although she had not been
ordered to do so, she immediately began to kiss his feet, crying in happiness,
as she repeatedly thanked her Master.  John noted the minor infraction, but
decided to let it go, lisa had obviously been turned into the perfect slave.  He
was about to usher lisa out of the room when an evil thought occurred, "lisa, I
want you to go to the dungeon and play with your sister.  You may rebind her
anyway you wish, be creative.  Tease her, excite her, spank her, but do not let
her cum."  With a pat on her rump, lisa skipped off to do his bidding.

Hal arrive at 3:00pm, John answered the door and ushered him into his study. 
Offering him a scotch and a seat, Hal waited for John to explain the situation.

"You know sara, the head of the department, and dan, my brother.  Well there was
this bet..." John proceeded to tell Hal the entire story. 

"So let me get this straight, " Hal stated while lighting the Cuban cigar John
had offered, "your boss is in the tank, your brother is in VR hell, and you have
4 slaves in your dungeon."

"Basically," John said, taking a long drag off of his cigar.  "I need to make
this neat and tidy.  I want sara and dan to disappear.  I want to take over as
department head at the University.  As for the other girls, cathy and susan can
be sold, the twins I want to keep."

"Difficult, but not impossible."  Hal said, blue smoking filling the air in the
study.  "We can sell susan and cathy, they are both trained slaves, although we
will have to remove cathy's chastity belt."

"dan said that was impossible, that he rigged it to spray acid all over if it
came out of contact with her skin"

"True,"  Hal continued "however I was the one who modified the belt.  I always
leave myself a back door, so to speak.  I have an electronic key that we can
plug in and turn off the acid trap and spring the back lock mechanism."

John both rejoiced and was upset by the news.  He had taken sara based on the
fact that cathy would not be accessible.  Now he found out that had not been
necessary. 

"As for sara and dan, they can also be sold to the right buyers.  My associates
will arrange for body doubles of them to be seen eloping and heading out of the
country for their honeymoon.  Of course, they will never be seen again.  You
will need to have sara pen a letter explaining this, and leaving you as head of
the department.  Now for costs and profits,"  Hal pulled a folder out and
checked some figures. "susan is a young, healthy, well trained slave.  She will
bring top dollar.  Sara needs work to look right, but I think I know a buyer who
would enjoy the task.  Dan is a special case, he will be hard to sell."

"And cathy?"  John asked

"Payment for services rendered.  She will become my slave."  Hal was finishing
his scotch and accepted John's offer for another. 

"Excellent."  John felt an overwhelming sense of relief.  "What is the time
table?"

"I will take cathy and susan home with me tonight.  I need to make a few calls
to place dan and sara, I will let you know by Wednesday.  In the interim,
classes resume tomorrow, I will have the body doubles seen eloping tonight.  I
will send you payment for the three slaves when they are sold."

"less your usual fee I assume?"  John was in a better mood.

"No, cathy will suffice."  Hal rose and shook John's hand.  Together, they
headed down to the dungeon.

Lisa had diane tied to a table, face up in a spread eagle position.  Diane's
breasts had been bound; her tits had a purplish hue.  Lisa was sitting on
diane's face, forcing her sister to eat out her wet pussy.  Every now and then
lisa would give diane's dripping cunt a lick, enough to keep her on edge, but
not enough to get her off.  Hal and John took in the scene, let the girls be,
and went over to get cathy and susan. 

"You are to be sold, go with Master Hal."  John ordered.

Obediently, the two slaves followed Master Hal out to his car.  John waved them
goodbye and returned to his lab to check on dan and sara.  Her progression was
going well, he decided to take her out of the tank. 

"Hello sara." He said.

She looked up, seeing John and feeling revulsion and hate.  He ordered her to
suck his cock and to her amazement, she unzipped his slacks and did just that. 
She hated men, she hated cock, but she was sucking John like her life depended
on it.  He came in her mouth, she swallowed every drop.  To her horror, she
enjoyed the taste!  John spoke to her "sara, let me tell you what I have done. 
You have been programmed to obey any order from a Master or Mistress, no matter
how depraved.  Mentally, you are aware that you do not want to do these things,
but will find yourself incapable of stopping yourself.  You will only be able to
cum if you are ordered to do so.  You will also find a need to suck cock.  In
fact, if you go too long without swallowing someone's load, you will start to
get migraine headaches."

Sara cried as John pronounced sentence.  Her life was ruined; she was an abject
slave.

"sara, you will write a letter, explaining how you are eloping with dan, and
appointing me as the new head of the department."  John commanded her, giving
her a piece of stationary and a pen.  Obediently, she did as she was told.  John
took the letter, and sealed it in an envelope, to be left on her desk.  "now
back in the tank."  John reapplied all the electronics and replaced sara into
the tank for further programming.

Dan was in a virtual world, where obedience and servitude were rewarded.  When
he saw images of cock, he got excited.  It was a complete reprogramming of his
sexuality, he would always no that he was a man (in the past) but now was a
she-male whore.

John went to the dungeon and had lisa stop her torment of her sister.  "You have
done well my pet, I am pleased."  Lisa was overjoyed at the news.  "untie diane
and have her kneel next to you."  It took lisa a few minutes to loose the strict
bindings.  When they were both kneeling, John addressed them. "diane you are my
number 2 slave.  You will service my needs and do as I command.  You will also
obey your sister, who you will treat as a superior.  She is my number one slave. 
Do you understand?"

"yes Master." Diane replied.

"lisa, you are the head slave.  From time to time I will have other slaves in
our home, you will be in charge of their behavior.  If they are misbehave you
will be punished.  You will enjoy privileges that they will not, because of your
status, but never forget you are my slave.  You may punish other slaves as you
see fit, however, you are not to leave any permanent marks.  You may also have
them service your needs, unless I command otherwise.  Do you understand?"

"Yes Master," she said gleefully, "I love you."

John smiled.  He was very taken with lisa, more so than any slave he had ever
owned.  It is said that for every Master there is a 'love slave' the one slave
that a Master was bound to on a deep psychic level.  He was beginning to suspect
that lisa was that such slave.  "I love you to my pet.  Bind diane, lock her in
the cage, then join me in my bed."

Lisa waited for John to leave, then took a pair of leather manacles and clipped
diane's wrists behind her back.  Next, leg cuffs, then a gag and blindfold. 
After all that was placed, she shoved diane into the cage, locked it, and
skipped up the stairs.  Arriving at John's room, she kneeled at the foot of his
bed, awaiting his orders.

"tonight my pet, we will make love." John scooped up lisa into his arms and laid
her on the bed.  Tenderly and lovingly, he made love to lisa.  She came over and
over, passing out in his arms.  Together, they went to sleep.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dockink


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





