BDSM Library - Let Go




Let Go
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Man seeks mistress and his fears he has to over come.
LET GO

By UbisSub



	He had been looking seriously for a Mistress to serve and belong too for
about 3 years now. His marriage of 18 years was destroy and over! When the dust
settled he was devastated. He knew what he needed to be complete again was
strong woman, who knew what she wanted and how she wanted it! She would be hard,
but fair. She would be an excellent communicator! She would set rules and
standards, with no tolerance for failing them or her. Pleasing her would bring
many rewards of pleasure, while failing her would only bring pain and lots of
it! He knew he have to have this, as this would bring order back to his world.
Besides he loved heavy bondage and to serve orally for long periods of time. He
was not that heavy into extreme pain, but he enjoyed a good spanking and light
CBT. So what he needed was a Mistress, one who would be all of those things, but
would also respect, care and love him for his gift of serving her!

	He had read too many horror stories of man being forced into slavery,
feminizes and raped. Then used by everyone and anyone till there was nothing
left of them, but a mindless slaves serving all! First thing wrong with that was
he would not be loved or respected for his submission, but just a toy for all to
use and He knew he could not that! Second and maybe more important he would be
force to be with other man, something he would not or could not do! This was
really his only hard limit; other things were high on his limits list! But he
would not comprise on the men issue or being loved and respected for his
submission!!

	But he also knew and read of men who had married they Mistress, sure
some got treated like shit and never got to sleep or touch their wife! But other
was in awesome relationships full of respect and their Mistress/wife genuinely
loved them. These men lived in total happiness serving and pleasing their
Mistress/wife for many years. This was the type relationship and Mistress he was
looking for. He also needed a little room to play, as he did have some fantasy
dealing with please 2 women occasionally and most wives's are just not into
that. But there are those who enjoy just that. So he searched and waited
endlessly for the one who would fulfill his needs and share him on occasion with
a special female friend. When he found her he would let go of all his fears,
trust and love her with his all! He would let her use him anyway she like for
her ultimate pleasure for the rest of their lives!

	As time wore on his need to serve and belong was now burning out of
control! His patient was fading fast and he was becoming very desperate to find
His Queen to serve!! He still could not let go of his fears of being force into
slavery and use by all! But his search was beginning to seem endless and
hopeless!! He began to lose heart and to feel very empty inside. Then one day
while going through personals, he saw this ad. Wanted a man to serve a woman,
must be open to serving one other woman on occasion. Position requires you are
into heavy bondage, enjoy serving orally for very long periods of time, you must
enjoy being spanked and light CBT. Those who respond to this ad please send only
email address or contact number. All that apply will be interview.  His heart
filled with Joy and hope, as his search finally seemed over!  It was like he had
wrote this ad himself and how many times had he wrote to a Mistress without
getting a response!!

	He answered the ad and waited for a response.  It was about 3 days
later; a Friday, after getting home from work he checked his email and there it
was. The email simply said; meet me for coffee at the donut hole tonight, this
is the address. Be there at 10.00pm sharp, if you're late I will be gone, if you
are on time "SIT" and "WAIT". His mind and heart began racing as a passion
stewed with renewed hope. He thought to himself this really could be the end of
his search, it does feel right. As he was getting ready for his meeting, it
occurred to him something was not right. He asked himself, how am I going to
know who I am looking for? She has no idea what I look like? How are we going to
know each other? She did not instruct me to ware anything special! His mind
raced and heart sank as he thought about this. Also he did not know about this
coffee shop, but he did know it was in the worst section of town and one he did
not belong in after dark! He sat on the bed wondering what to do.  But his need
to serve and belong took over and he threw caution to the wind. He thought to
himself, I need this and I have to have this or I will never feel whole again.
He made up his mind, all or nothing. So he went off blindly to the coffee shop.

	He arrived at 9.45pm; he waited about ten minutes before he walk-in. 
There were about 10 customers inside the coffee shop! He found an empty booth
and sat down.  He looked around to fine his Queen.  There were 7 men and 3 women
in the coffee shop.  As he looked over the crowd, the crowd looked him over.
Everyone there knew he didn't belong in this section of town and he became very
uncomfortable. The waitress walked over and asked if he wanted a cup of coffee.
As he look up in front of him stood a 6' tall very muscular, but very feminine
looking woman, She had beautiful dark skin, long auburn hair and dark green
eyes. He was mesmerized by her stature! Yes Ma'am I will and thank you!  Would
you like a donut or something else to eat? No thank you Ma'am; I am waiting for
someone so I'll just wait.  She left him a pot of coffee and was gone!

	He waited patiently and one by one the customers started to leave.  His
mind started to racing again, was his watch wrong, did he miss her! His insides
were burning, was this going to be just another let down and Hugh
disappointment! Before he knew it all the customers were gone. The waitress came
over and asks if he needed anything. No Ma'am! She looked at him and simple
said; I guess she did not show up? No ma'am! Guess I got here late! She told him
she would be closing up soon and he was more then welcome to wait a little
longer while she close up. Thank You Ma'am! His heart sank and the reality of
disappointment set in!  He waited a little longer and thanked the waitress for
letting him wait while she closed up! Thank you Ma'am, I'll be on my way!

	She asked him where did I think he was going? Excuse me Ma'am! You did
come here for an interview, did you not? Yes Ma'am! Well your interview is not
over yet!  Ma'am! You're the first man to "SIT" and do as he was told. You're a
strong man with a nice smile! You have lots of manners and you're very polite.
Thank You! I watched your eyes fill with disappointment as you waited, yet you
did not lose it you and just accepted it like a man! Yes you will do just fine
interview over!!  If you want to serve and belong to me, then I will have you?

	He eyes started to tears, as joy took over and his search was finally
over! Why do you cry? Nothing Ma'am just waited along time for this and I don't
want to disappoint you! She smiled and told him she would train him how to serve
her properly and he would not disappoint her. Now the choice is yours! His head
started to spin! She was saying all the right things; his mind and heart were
racing full on by now. Now he had to make a decision. She asked again! So what
is it going to be! I want to know what your choice is?  His head was spinning
out of control, She had not even asks him his name. They did not talked about
the rules or limits. All of these where important and should be talk about
before any decision like this was made. But she was not giving him anytime and
she wanted him to make a choice now!

	Finally he spoke; Ma'am aren't we going to talk about rules and limits.
Don't you want to know my name or where I am from? She looked at him hard with
her steely green eyes burning a hole right though him! Normally I ask you the
questions and you answer ME!!! I will make an exception to this rule TONIGHT!!
But never again!!! Do you understand ME!!! Yes Ma'am! She asks him if he wanted
to belong to her? Yes Ma'am! Then you must LET GO of all your fears and TRUST
ME!! I will give you time to let go, but not much.  You must trust me and I will
find your limits and then set rules for you. I will never let anyone hurt or
abuse you and I will become your protector.  Do you UNDERSTAND!! Yes Ma'am! Like
I said the choice is your and now you must make it?  I will be waiting in my
car, you have 5 minutes to join me there or leave and go home! With that she
walks away.  His heart sank as she walked away, he has been wait so long to find
someone to serve and belong too, now she was walking away!! He was overwhelmed
and without a thought he started following her.

	Ma'am Please wait up, I want to go with you! ARE YOU SURE this what you
want? Yes Ma'am! Get In! He gets into her car and she tells him to put this
blindfold on and relax. She drives for a couple of hours and they arrive! He is
told to take off the blindfold and get out of the car. He thought it odd for her
to work in a small coffee shop and live so far away! He has no idea where they
were, as he has been blindfold the whole time. But he knew they drove for a
couple of hours!  The house was very nice and well off the road, he could not
see any other houses or lights around the area.  He walks around to meet to her!
As he stood next to her, he again took notice of how large and strong she was!
He feel almost small next to her and being 6'1", 240 pounds of muscle, that was
odd for him! He guessed it was because she could look straight into his eyes and
every time she did, she stole a piece of his soul!  He was drunk with lust to
serve her. He had been in her grip from the moment she told him who she was! She
asked him what he thought of the place? It is very nice Ma'am! Thank you I had
it built special for training and housing my slaves! It has many special rooms
inside and being in the middle of nowhere, no one can hear their screams!  The
closet town is 40 miles and I am glad you like it, because it is your Home now!! 

	Horror filled his body and his face went flush!  Ma'am I know I am not
suppose to ask questions, but what about my job and house? Well you have a new
job and house, now don't you? Yes ma'am! I'll make you this promise pet; the
rewards you get from this job will be greater then ever before, as long as you
please me and she smiled wickedly! She sees his fear and said to him you are
smart to be afraid, because if you failed me there will be no rewards and you
will be punished severely. His face painted firmly now with fear as he looks at
her! My Pet you look like you want to ask another question? Yes Ma'am!  Go head
my pet; tonight is your last night for you to ask me anything! After tonight you
will ask me nothing, but you will do everything I tell you. You will do it
without questioning or hesitating! You will not have that dumb look of a
question on your face like you do right now, is that understood? Yes Ma'am!
Remember this could be over before it starts the choice is yours. Once we are in
the house, you belong to me!!! Now ask your question!! Ma'am why do you work all
the way in the city and live out here? She laughed! Silly Man I own the donut
hole chain!

	I told the girl to take the night off, as it is a great way for me to
meet my future pets. I can see what they look like and how they handle
themselves. There is no better way to interview someone either, as I make them
very uncomfortable and see how they handle it.  You filled the bill so I will be
selling all of them and retiring so I can play more often! She smiles wickedly
and asks him you know what the biggest perk of owning on the sleaze side of
town! No Ma'am! No one will ask or answer questions about you when asked! As you
are soon to be just another missing man! Now into the house pet, it is very late
and I am tried. Yes Ma'am! Ma'am! Yes pet! You know I do not have any clothes or
any personnel stuff with me. I know pet just the way I like it.  Everything you
need I will provide for you and in return you will live to serve and please me!!

	He knew he should have left right then, as that was the smart thing to
do! But he made up his mind all of nothing, beside he had no car or any idea
where he was. He was worry about not having any limits or rules establish. But
being a big strong man, he blew it off and he knew he needed this! He made up is
mind just to accept what happens! He knew once he was inside the house his was
her property and would do as he was told. His heart and mind raced again as they
walked into the entrance of her home. She called out to someone! Marie, I am
home? Ma'am who is Marie? Pet she is my other slave! Horror filled his eyes
again. She kissed him on the cheek and told him she loved the way his eyes gave
away his emotions so easily and that was good because he would never be able to
lie too her or hide the way he was feeling.

	The door close behind him and was locked, he now belong to her! He had
his Mistress; his heart was pumping so hard with excitement she could hear it.
Relax My Pet! Yes Ma'am! It was all short-lived! Marie came around the corner
carrying a shotgun. Fuck! That's right pet you are? Now remove all of your
clothes? Ma'am this is not necessary! Don't make me tell you again! Yes Ma'am!
Ma'am the gun is not necessary; I need this and want to serve you so bad! I know
pet, but some man resist when they have their collars put on and I am in no mood
to deal with that! When he finally got all his clothes off, she came over and
put a thick leather collar on him. She locked it in place and threw the key to
Marie. Who had dropped the gun right after the collar was installed. She shows
him a remote and asked him to kiss her; as got within 6 inches of her body, he
got a shock that sent him to the floor reeling in pain. Poor baby! This remote
has a building protection, the one wear the collar can't touch it or get to
close to it. I want you know it's useless to try and get it away from me. Also I
can give you a shock anytime I like and if you try to escape, well you saw the
demo or should I say felt the demo!! So you can go anywhere in this house, but I
would not step outside if I were you! That collar is never come off SLAVE!! And
now you know your place at my feet for the rest of your life!!!

	Now stand up! Yes Ma'am! Your need to serve and belong to someone has
done you in pet! You must have been so desperate to belong to a woman! Weren't
you? Yes Ma'am! She tells him; you broke all the rules, a sub should never make
a decision without thinking about it. You never let yourself be collared without
limits or rules being in place.  This is how men become nothing more then
mindless slaves and serve as fetish party sluts used by all. She asked him; if
she had his mind running at 110 percent yet and the thoughts that must being
going through your mind! She laughed at him and told him to trust her! Turn off
your mind and LET GO of your fears, it will be so much easier for you! I bet you
think lots of people answered that ad. No! You and 2 others, the first 2 were
total losers. One waited 15 mins left and the other 30, both were rude and
slobs! I wrote that ad knowing it would attract someone desperate to serve and
belong or a loser! Desperate men do stupid things and she looks at him with a
big smiled!

	But you are also are the luckiest man alive, in a couple of ways? Ma'am!
First you are to be my personal slave, shared by Marie and 2 other women. 
Second I push my pets very hard, but I don't damage them. Well not after I know
have broken them and there are trained properly! I really like the way you acted
tonight and you have lots of manners! I love that ass and you are going to find
out just how much very soon! I think you are very trainable and your life as my
slave should not be to hard for you, as you really seem genuine on your need to
serve and belong to me. But you must let go of your fears, letting go is the key
to how hard or easy this will be for you. I cannot stress that enough! You must
LET GO of your fears or I you will force you to LET GO!! I'm telling you this to
spare you some pain; your fears will cloud your judgment and make you do stupid
things. That will get you punish. I am fair, but very hard sadist; Mercy is a
word I do not know! This is my gift to you pet; remember I told you this and to
LET GO! She kisses him on his lips passionately! He melts under his Mistress
touch!     

	Marie! Take him and get him ready for a proper inspection! Pet you go
with her, do everything she tells you and if she tells me you were bad? Well I
think you have the picture. Oh Pet! Yes Ma'am! Just so you don't forget; I am
Ma'am or Mommy to you. Marie is Mistress and any other women that come to this
house are Ms or Miss? Yes Ma'am! Pet there is that dumb puzzled look again OK
ask! Ma'am when do I call you Mom? She laughs! You'll know when pet, trust me on
that one! Marie also laughs like she knows something and tell him to fellow her.
Marie tells him how they have being looking for another pet for about a year now
and nothing but loser kept answering, so Ma'am came up with that ad saying it
will attract losers and someone desperate to serve. She would be able to weed
out the losers and find someone desperate, which was all she needed to mold them
into what she wanted. Oh this is going to be so much fun. Ma'am promised me she
would get me a pet and here you are!

	Marie what do you mean? That's Mistress to You! Yes Mistress! I have
been with Ma'am for 6 years now and she said it was time for me to learn to top.
I am to be trained as a Mistress and you are my training tool! Pet if you do
really well and please us we might just keep you. Who knows maybe in 6 years she
will let you top. She laughs!! That if we have not broken you down into a little
puppy.  Now come we have lots of work to do. He fear is getting the best of him.
Tears roll down his face as he starts to cry, but he knows he must fellow or
take the punishment that will come. He think to himself he will pass on that, as
he sure there is lots of that to come.  Marie taunts him! Oh crying already and
I have even start on you, I would save those tears, as I am sure you going to
need them later!

	She takes him to a bathroom and puts him into a very large shower, which
has chains hanging from it walls. She chains him to the walls. She pours Neat
hair remover all over his body and rubs it in lightly. It smells of baby oil and
it starting to burn his skin. Ma'am hates body hair and like use to feel smooth
and silky. His hair is going to be removed from his neck down to his toes. She
has not made one comment on his dick which is standing tall and hard. He hears
the water running and gets ready for the coldest shower of his life. Instead the
water was nice and warm, His Mistress is very gentle with him, as she cleans him
all off. She starts rubbing another women's body washes all over his body and it
smells very feminine. It hits him she going to make him into a girl.  Please
don't make me a girl. Shhh Pet!! Let Go! Ma'am just wants you to smell good. You
better turn off your mind, as it's not helping you. She dries him off and rubs
lotion all over his body. He feel so different, He has never felt so alive his
whole body tingles and it just makes his cock pulse. Without a word she grabbed
his cock and put it into a harness. Oh that looks nice, just the size I like!
But it is way to small for Ma'am!  

	He finally takes a good look at his new Mistress; she is about 5'8" and
very muscular, Much like Ma'am. She has beautiful breast, short red hair and
dark brown eyes. She walks him into a large room. What do you think pet this is
the playroom. The walls are full of stuff and things he has never seen, hung
there for display. There is a big bondage bed, stocks, spanking horses, a cross
and 2 jail cells in the room. He was taken to the center of the room and his
wrists are chained to the shackle hanging from the ceiling.  He is then told to
spread his legs far apart and a 3-foot spreader bar was attached and locked to
each ankle, the spreader bar is then locked to an eyebolt in the floor.  She
goes to the wall of toys and brings back a cock gag. She tells him to open his
mouth? He was horrified! Do it now! Slowly she pushed the cock into his mouth
until he is gagging? Relax!! She then straps it around head and locks it firmly
in place.  She looks deep into his eyes and says one-day pet you'll be able to
take 10-inch cock in that mouth without gagging and laughs as my fears give way
to tears again. 

	She walked back to the wall and gets a butt plug. She shows it to him
and tells him this is your training butt plug. It's only about 5 inches now, but
it will be very uncomfortable later on.  She lubed it up right in front of him
and goes behind him. She starts playing with his ass, rubbing it allover. He
hear her say this was such a beautiful ass; to bad it's about to become my
pussy, but it's going to be a beautiful pussy. I will have to share it and you
with Ma'am, but the hole already filled with cock is now a pussy too! So it will
not be a big problem, as you have 2 nice pussies for both of us to fuck.  He
tries fighting against his bondage to free himself, but it useless. All his
fears are coming true a he is being totally enslaved, feminized and soon to be
used by all! It was too much for him and his whole body tense up in fear! She
tells him; if I were you I would relax now.  He feels the first of her lubed
finger side into his asshole. Oh!! What a tight pussy you have!  Then a second
finger is slipped into his ass. She starts working her fingers in and out lubing
his asshole heavily up, when without warning the butt plug was pushed in.  He
gasps as she violates his asshole with the plug! That will make my pussy nice
and ready for me.

	He thinks of how the hungry to belong and serve a woman has betrayed him
and now he was lost too these 2 Mistress.  She step back to look at her work and
she was very proud. She walked over to the wall and starts hand cranking
something, slowly he is pull up into the air. She stops as the eyebolt in the
floor is straining to stay there.  Oh you are so ready for inspection.  Ma'am
will be right back, don't go away.  She leaves and he is a sobbing mess, His
body is throbbing from head to toe. His mouth and ass are full of cock;
something he has been told is going to become normal for him! The pain and the
thoughts running thought his mind are way to intense! He tries desperately to
free himself again, it futile! His is what he fear the most a mindless slave or
soon will be! He can't control his tears as they flow freely!

	He looks up and he sees her! She is walking slowly towards him! She is
wearing Black leather boots that cover half her thighs, a Hugh strap-on-cock
that matches the color of her skin.  She has matching black leather gloves and
bra the leaves her big beautiful nipple exposed.  He melts as she walks over to
him for his inspection.  She grabs his cock and holds it tight.  Looks deep into
his crying eyes. Shhh! She kisses him softly on his forehead! It's ok for you to
be afraid my baby girl! He eyes open wide almost in disbelief at what she just
said! Yes I said my baby girl!  That's what you are now or you could be my puppy
used by all, the choice is your. Let Go! I know you haven't because you eyes are
full of tears and still show fear! Or does Mommies 12" cock have you worried. He
is motionless as she talks! Yes baby girl I know it's a big cock and it will
hurt you allot the first couple of times I fuck you with it! But let go and
Mommy will make sure your virgin pussy will learn to love it. She tells him he
has 2 pussies and there are both filled now; if you are good girl Mommy will let
you eat from one and use the bathroom with the other. But if you are bad girl. I
will leave both of them stuffed with big cocks all the time. You will go hungry
and the pain of not being able to relief yourself will overwhelm you. Let Go and
except your destiny, this is what you wanted! This is what you needed!   

	She tells him, I know you're afraid. Your worry about so many things and
your mind is your enemy now! I see all the questions on your face! Who will use
you and will you be loved. Your eyes cannot hide the questions running through
your mind. I will try and easy your mind a little. I will answer some of those
and other questions now. First you belong to me, do you understand? He nods yes!
That's a good girl! You are now my Baby girl, do you understand? He paused in
silent protest and start to shake his head no!  She squeezes his ball very hard
and he screams into his gag! LET GO! He nods yes and begins to cry! Shhh baby
Girl! I will tell you this; it is better to be my baby girl, then my puppy! As
my baby girl, you can call me Mommy, Mom or Ma'am; take your pick, I will answer
to all just for you! I will look after all your needs and I will love you very
much, that I can promise you! You will only be shared with Marie and two of my
closet friends, who are both women and they will be your aunties Natasha and
Tonia! But as my puppy; maybe I will love you, but I will share you with all my
friends, Men and women! I know you don't want to be with another man, do you! He
nods NO! Then Let go! Trust me and that will not happen! But hold on to your
fears and don't let go, I'll break you until you are nothing more then a puppy
dog and you will be given to all, understand! He nods yes!  That's a good girl!

	It's getting very late and Mommy baby girls should all ready be in bed.
So lets get this inspection done. Then I will punish you for staying up so late.
She walked around circling him, feeling him from head to toe. She is very
pleased with Marie's work.  She is going to make a fine Mistress.  She grabs his
cock, you no why you're a little girl? He Nods No! Because you have such a
little dick. The humiliation is too much and tears flow again from his eyes
again. I might have kept you a man if you had a cock and then again I might not!
But like I said you a lucky man! Your Mistress Marie loves her man your size! 
Maybe if you're really lucky she will give you some pussy and she laughs!! But I
am guessing that will not happen till she has taken your pussies over and over
again. Yes baby girl you are going to become the finest cocking sucking little
fucking whore slut YOU know! Baby girl you know what the difference between a
cock and a dick is? He nods no! You have a dick, a cock at least 8-inches long
and she laughs that's a small cock.

	The tear rolled from his eye as his nightmare was now real and he was
living it.  That's right baby girl cry you're about to be punished for being up
so late. Without another word, she walked over to the wall and started pulling
stuff off of it and placing it on a table with wheels. She wheels the table over
to him and let him look at the evil instruments. She removed the harness on his
cock and balls. Oh I bet you want to cum so bad? You will, but only after you
let go and I know you let go! I know deep down inside you are enjoying this
because you have been hard since this started, but I knew you would and your
little dick just keeps giving you away. 

	She takes what looks like a chrome donut off the table and opens it up.
Oh you are going to love this baby girl. This is one of the greatest balls
stretchers.  She encircles his scrotum with the donut she put the screw back in
tighten and locking it in place. That weight about 8 ounces.  The only way for
it to come off now is to unscrew it and I have the only tool that does that.  Oh
baby girl you look uncomfortable, but don't you worry I am not done yet. She
attaches two pins to the donut and a small bar with wing nuts is attached to the
pins, slowly the wing nuts are turned and the bar rises crushing his balls. When
I come back tomorrow morning I am sure they will be hurting very bad. Your
little dick and big balls are going to get you into lots of trouble. So they
will be torture everyday. She hangs a bucket from the bar that is crushing his
balls. As you piss baby girl you will fill the bucket, adding to the weight
hanging from your balls. 

	She attaches a hose from the ceiling into the gag in his mouth. I know
you are thirty so drink; all you have to do is suck on that cock in your mouth!
After enough sucking, it will cum! He needed a drink badly, so he started
sucking on the cock and soon water started to come.  She laughed! That's a good
girl; you suck on that nice cock and drink up all of that now. He stops sucking,
but the water just keeps coming and he gagged! Oh baby girl; once you start
sucking on a cock and it cums, it doesn't stop cumming till you empty its balls.
But don't you worry baby girl the balls to that cock is a one gallon bucket.
Last night, the bucket was filled with water and mixed with Marie and mine piss
to give it some flavor.  Her evilness was grown larger as his suffering grew.
Mommy also put a water pill or 2 into it, to make sure it went right through
you. That should add about 10 or 12 pounds to your balls by morning. He screamed
and tried to free himself again! She laughed! Baby girl let go; you not going
anywhere accept your destiny! 

	She disappeared and he hears a pumping sound and the butt plug in his
ass begins to grow and grow. The pain was unbelievable and he felt like his ass
was being ripped apart! Without warning he felt the sting of a riding crop
raining down on his ass, no less than 50 lashes hit him. It was sending shock
wave though his body, as she hit his ass and the base of the butt plug. It
started to stimulate his prostrate gland and he exploded into an orgasm and cum
flew everywhere. He balls screamed in pain as he relief himself. He received no
pleasure from his orgasm, but lots of pain. Well Mommy knew her baby girl like
to get her bottom spanked, but I can see you enjoy that a little too much. You
will be punish for cumming without permission.  She grabbed his face! Did you
enjoy your orgasm? He nods No! Baby girl you balls are all crushed of course it
hurt! You will learn to cum only when told to cum. Cumming without permission
will be painful, as your balls will always be crushed unless you have permission
to cum! Is that understood? He nods yes! I guess you know Pet, your training has
begun to become my baby girl and all of Mommy's girls are sluts!!!! Oh By the
way the butt plug in your ass is now 8 inches long and 5 inches around enjoy
slut. 

	She pick-up a catheter and pushes it into his now limp dick and ties it
into the bucket. You could try not to pee, but the water pills and cath are
going to prevent that. Beside you had 4 big cups of coffee and the gallon of
piss and water you are drinking now, not a change! She laughs and puts on some
nipple clamps? She kisses him goodnight and tells Him this will teach you to go
to bed early like baby girls should? He nods yes! Very good baby girl, you're
learning!  Sleep well baby girl and remember to have sweet dreams of mommy
fucking you. His mind was racing, he have never been left tied up this long nor
left alone. He was stretched to his limits. Everything was hurting! She beat his
ass till it was throbbing uncontrollable. He wonders what she really is planning
to do to him. Is he to be used by all or if he does surrender and let go. Just
go with it and become here baby girl! Will she love him and really take care of
him. She did promise him just that! How could he believe anything she said? She
fucked with his mind and body since he has met her. But he was just as much to
blame, because he came willingly to fill he need to serve and belong.  He was
and empty shell without a Mistress and he knew it!! Let go she told him over and
over.  He tried to go to sleep but his throbbing body made that impossible!

	He could hear the ticking of a clock in the background! I had no idea
what time it was, but the ticking was driving him mad. The seconds were feeling
like minute's, minute's hour's, hour's days.  The weight on his balls was
growing every second as his piss flowed freely from him adding to his torturing.
He did pass out from the pain time to time, but that was short lived. He was
almost broken and he had only known his Mistress less than a day.  The Mistress
who he thought was the answer to his pray, has turn out to be his nightmare and
she loved it.

	Marie was the first to come to him and would not miss a chance to taunt
him. Morning slut! You do know you're in slut training this week. So cock and
your own cum is what you will be feed. Beside it good for you to get use to the
taste, as Ma'am really has not made up her mind if you are just for use or all
of her friends. Next week will be pussy eating training and you will be feed
pussy all week. I can't wait till they cut the membrane under your tongue you
will be able to reach the top of your nose with it. Then will give you 1 to 3
studs to add to the pleasure you will learn to love giving women while licking
her into one orgasm after another.  After that I will teach you to wear you
panties right! You will be shown off to Ma'am 2 closes friend.  You want to talk
about two bitches; both of them have 12-inch cocks!  They love to make slaves
chock on their cocks. They have been fucking me for 6 years and they know no
mercy!! They are the most sadist bitches you'll know, well after Mom that is! I
can't wait to watch you on the receiving end of that. Mom walks in and tells
Marie to stop scaring him!    

	She tells him; I know my baby girl is hurting badly.  Are you going to
let go of your fear or do you need more help. He nods yes! Baby girl you need
more help? He nods No! That a good girl! I am going to remove some of things
attached to you now and it will hurt more then when I put them on.  She ripped
the nipple clamps off and he screamed into his gag. Tear flow down his face.
Then she rips the catheter out of his dick causing more pain. The bucket hanging
from his balls was removed.  He could not believe the pain that shot through his
body. Marie let the air out and removed the butt plug from his ass; it was on
fire and throbbing out of control.  Mommy took the ball crush off and said the
weight stay on for the rest of the week.  As she freed His balls his dick got
hard again. She kissed Him and tells Him she was going to remove the gag and He
is not to talk when she does, you understand? He nods yes! That is a good girl! 

	The gag was removed and he sighed in relief as his jaws were killing
him. You did very well, I am very proud of you? Thank You Ma'am! Her look said
it all! Did anyone tell you to talk? No Ma'am! Then why did you? I was only
being polite! Well that will cost you 10 lashes from a cane! What! 20!!! But
Ma'am what did I do wrong! 30!!! Please I will be a good, Please Mommy! 40!!!
She covered his mouth with her finger! Baby girl you can't take 50, so I will
help you here! I told you NO TALKING!!! That meant just that! You don't need to
answer me, unless I ask you a question that requires and answer, is that
understood? He nods yes! Now I have to teach you how to be a good girl and then
I'll let you down.  He Nods yes!  Mommy's baby girl needs to beg Marie to punish
him? His eyes said it all and he deified her again.  She look at him hard and
said LET GO! This will go some much easier for you if you do. Tears were running
steady down his face, no mercy here! NOW DO IT!!!!

	He asks Marie to please punish me; I have been bad girl and need to be
punished? Who's Marie? That 50!!! Marie you are learning! Thank you Ma'am!
Mistress please punish me, I have been bad girl and need to be punished? Without
another word the first of 50 lashes from the cane came crashing down against his
ass. He howled as she beats him. He has no gag and his screams filled the room
as blow after blow landed.  The more loudly he screamed, the harder Mistress hit
him. Ma'am watches him as he was taking his beating at 28, she tells Marie to
stop, and he cannot take anymore. They was nothing left of him and she knew it. 
She came over to him and kissed him softly on his cheek. You owe me 22, I'll
take them when you can handle them!  You see, you let go and trusted me! I told
you I would not let you get damage, oh your going to hurt, but only temporary!
That temporary might last 3 days, but you will recover with out permanent
damage. He is freed from his bondage and falls to the floor nothing left of him
or his poor ass. He hopes this is over, but he could not be that lucky. These
women have a plan and nothing was going to change them.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  UBisSub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





