BDSM Library - X-Men - Bringing home Katie




X-Men - Bringing home Katie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a fantasy inspired by reading a very good story about the X-Men. It is my favorite.  It's about spanking ( by machine ) and a woman beginning a new life with the X-Men.
X-Men, Bringing Home Katie

" You must hurry." The professor said over the intercom his urgency heard and
felt by those in the plane.

" We are there." Storm answered him as she landed the plane.  

" Where is she?"  Wolverine asked Jean.

" She is heading for the freezer.  The men are far to near."  Jean ran with the
others close behind towards the area where the woman's presence was strong.  She
felt the anger and frustration and tried again unsuccessfully to reach the woman
mentally to let her know she was not alone, help was on the way.

They all made it to the location the woman set up to as her final ' dance' at
the same time.  They watched as she turned to begin her destruction.  Not
noticing their arrival as she was so rapt in her mission to end years of
misunderstanding and frustration.


They acted quickly.  Iceman blew a chilling breath towards the woman freezing
her hands together making her scream in fear.  The men that were pursuing the
woman immediately turned their attention to the team attacking them in blind
fury.

The fight was short as will always be the case when humans attack a team of
mutants.

Katie watched the team as they surrounded her and fought for her.  The chill of
the ice waking her up to what she was doing and allowing what was happening to
sink in. It was obvious the way they were standing that they had no intentions
of letting her fight, nor let the men near her.  It calmed her anger enough to
watch those that came to her, what she hoped aide. 

The fight ended with the men's faces covered with ice.  She was grabbed by
Wolverine and pulled to follow them.  She went by the men knowing that the ice
broke her own power's spell.  The men would never mess with her again.

She went with them thankful that she no longer had to carry through with her own
plans.  But worried now for what they may do.  She tried to read the woman,
Jean, as they headed towards the plane to see who they were and where they were
taking her.  She got nothing back as far as to where she was going, but she
could feel the peace, understanding, and a deep sense of security that made all
of her final worries disappear.

As the plane took off a man with glasses turned to her.  She read him to be
Cyclops. 

" Hold up your hands." He ordered.  " I will melt the ice off."





She held her hands up and watched as he lifted his glasses and let a tiny beam
from one eye shoot above the ice and melt it off.  She rubbed where the ice had
burned her skin and thanked him.   

She felt a man gently ask if he could speak.  She looked at the faces of those
that were now watching her to see if one of them spoke.  A small scan let her
know that it wasn't any of them.

' I am called the professor Katie.  I heard your call and sent my crew after
you.  You can relax and know that you are protected.  You are quite powerful
with the mind Katie you have excellent control.  When you want to.'

She felt and blushed at the reprimand.  She did not want to hurt those men.  She
did not want to end it all, as she was very fond of life and what it brought to
her.  Anger and frustration had gotten the better of her this time.  And she was
ashamed of herself for allowing things to get out of hand.  Once it began it
went to fast for her to control.  She had put out a last ditch effort by calling
for help.   

'I did not know you existed until your call.'  She felt the professor agreeing
with her assessment of the situation and the undeniable feel of disapproval of
her actions.  Shame made her lower her head, tears sprang to her eyes, and she
tried to relive her life and what brought her here in her mind for the
professor, hoping to make him understand.  He stopped her.

' Explanations will come tomorrow.  For now we will get you settled.  You will
come to live at my school and teach our students.  We need you.'  The last Katie
felt was more of a question with a lot of hope that she would accept.

' Yes professor.'  She felt him leave her mind and looked up at the others who
smiled at her. 

She looked at the school below as the plane neared.  It was beautiful but as
they landed she felt a curious tingle up her spine.  When she stepped out of the
plane and into the school itself the tingle became a full-blown warning.  Not
one that had her feeling she needed to protect herself from true physical harm,
this one came internally.  She blocked it from Jean and the professor as soon as
she recognized it and hoped they had not felt it. 

When the Iceman took her arm she tried to read him to find out if what she felt
was indeed true.  He kept it hidden from her.  She pulled back a little making
him turn as well as the others to look at her.  All had smiles on their faces
with nothing to show that they knew that anything was amiss.  She pushed back
her feeling that once again sprang to life as they led her inside the school,
leaving her with the Iceman, and he showing her to her room.  She then became so
involved with her room she had to herself, meeting students and other men and
woman with various powers that her warning bell was easily ignored.  She did
note, however, that the Iceman stuck by her side the entire night. 

That morning the Iceman woke her up.  He took her to breakfast and informed her
that the professor wanted to meet her after they ate.  She nodded and held back,
successfully, the warning bell that went off.  She noticed no one was around as
they made their way to the professor's office. 

" They are all in classes."  Iceman said as he opened the door and ushered her
inside. 

The tingle made her shiver as she neared the professor.  She brushed it off. 
She smiled and hugged him thanking him mentally and verbally for coming to her
rescue.   She turned to the others in the room and thanked them as well. 

" Have a seat Katie.  We have much to discuss."  Katie sat beside Jean trying
her best to push the tingle away that intensified when she neared Jean and
doubled to where she had to lean forward to take short breaths, she grasped the
chair's arms until her knuckles turned white to gain control over the tingle. 
It was the deep-seated tingle that she had been able to control all of her life,
until now. 

" That tingle it the root of your powers Katie."    The professor was so close
to her.  She jumped and blushed deeply embarrassed that he knew about the
tingle.  Embarrassment shook her as she realized he knew what it was, how she
has used it to get all she wanted out of life without doing anything in turn. 
Sending false hopes and dreams to men's heads promising them nights of ecstasy
if only they would do her biding. 

"But you must understand that I did not have to try.  I would just be there and
they would fall under my spell."  She felt his displeasure at her attempt to
lie.  She took short breaths as the warning tingle went off making her go pale
with its' intensity.

" You have control over it Katie.  You know the button to push it on and off. 
The problem is that you have gotten used to using it for your own selfish
reasons that you have forgotten what the off button is. " 

The recent events appeared on a board in front of her so that all those in the
room could see her crimes.  She watched as her manipulations went wrong.  She
sent too strong of a signal to the men making them want her to the point of
killing her if they could not have her.  The spell was so strong that she could
not break it.  And it was an act of desperation that made her lead the men to
the abandoned warehouse where she knew they would kill each other until one was
standing and he in turn, if she could not get away from him, would kill her
after raping her.     

" I know what that off button is Katie."  The professor and Jean moved away from
her.  She felt a lift in the intensity of the tingle but it did not leave.  It
stayed with her throbbing as the professor let her know just how much he knew
about her power and what it took when she got so that she could not handle it by
any other means.  She felt shame and lowered her head in embarrassment. 


" Do not be ashamed of something that is a part of you.  I believe that you've
reached a point in your growth with the power that the, 'off button', can longer
be controlled by you alone.  As with all physical and mental growth, Katie, this
is natural."  The professor moved to the wall and pulled back a lever.  A panel
went up showing a switchboard.  " Since your power is mental as well as a
physical force, I have had to create a machine to help you gain that release you
need." 

She went pale when the meaning of his words sank in.   She looked at the others
in the room and blushed when she saw and felt how serious they were.  And
knowing they knew too.  A door slid opened and a light flickered on the other
side.  The room suddenly got very stifling.   

" You cannot be serious."  She said as the professor turned to her.  " I am not
going inside some machine that will ... do what you have said on your word.  I
have no idea of your intentions here...I have control, perfect control."  She
lifted her chin in defiance knowing full well his intentions and they were
perfectly in line with her needs.  She could not help sending a small signal
throughout the room, just a small whiff of her feminine lure to make them change
their minds about that contraption on the other side of the door.

She watched with a mixture of hope that it would work and that it would not. 
She knew deep inside that he was right.   She watched the professor shake his
head and the beginning of the smile that told her the lure reached him.  She
looked at Jean who took longer, she was female, but she too smiled at her.  And
as she looked at the others she saw that she had them all.  All but Iceman. 

He was looking at her with such determination and anger that she stepped away
from him as he came to take her arm.  She squeaked out help as he began to drag
her to the door.  She heard Wolverine growl and a metal sound then Iceman
dropped her arm to turn and fight off the others who were now in her control. 
To her surprise all he did was blow an icy breath in their face and as she
watched them struggle with the ice he pushed her inside the room. " That is
going to cost extra." He said before the panel slid shut and she was trapped.

  She turned to look at the room panic overtaking all other emotions at that
moment. It was not very big in size, about the size of a large walk in closet,
and contained nothing but an overhead light with a horse in the middle.  Nothing
happened and she was left standing by the door listening and waiting for the
next move, her heart beating and the tingling ... that damn tingling ... making
her shake with a longing that she never felt so strong before.

What she could not see or hear on the outside was the team getting over the
small spell she cast.  Iceman could not help grin as his own blast of power wore
off leaving the others to shake their heads in disbelief at what they just
experienced. 



The professor smiled at them as he too shook off her effects.  " I told you she
was powerful.  Sex is easily manipulated without the added powers she has.  Can
you imagine the control she has had up to this point?" They nodded as they
followed him to the switchboard feeling his awe and admiration and agreeing now
that they felt her power.  He turned and chuckled, " And that was just a small
taste." 

He then became more series as he switched the machine on.  They watched as the
machine came to life taking readings on the woman sealed tight inside.  None had
believed the machine was necessary and had teased the professor mercilessly when
he ordered it to be built, paying those that built it triple the amount to have
it ready on time.  They believed that what she needed could be handled by one of
them.  It was not that hard to take a woman over the knee and spank her bottom. 
But after feeling the power she had they understood the need for a machine. It
has no feelings, it cannot submit to her charm, nor will she be able to have
someone come to her rescue if it were the Iceman taking her to task.  And they
no longer found it the least bit funny that she needed to be 'turned off'.  They
were just about to kill each other to stop her from entering that room.

She jumped when the whirl of the machine made it clear it was turned on.  She
felt rather than saw the machine taking a measurement of her power.  She
wondered what it came up with and waited to see what her fate would be.  She had
known all along that a spanking helped calm her power and when necessary totally
turn it off for a while.  It cleared her mind of all her emotions but the tingle
deep inside of her that was fired up now with just the mention or thought of a
good spanking.  She had been able to control this feature about her powers on
her own using the occasional man to deliver the necessary release and ignoring
that it was anything but a way to help her master her power.  It had worked up
until now.

The professor looked at the reading that was over the maximum and turned on the
intercom to speak to Katie,
" I know you are frightened Katie.  You know deep down why we are here.  When
you called out for help I was able to tap into your mind without you noticing. 
You were so rapped up in the mischief that you got yourself into that you had no
idea I was there.  Your secret came out while you slept.  It told me of a young
woman who used her powers to manipulate those around her promising them sexual
favors they never received, teasing their minds until they were hapless with
want and desire, giving up their fortunes for her.  It told me of how her power
can be put into check with the proper administration of a spanking to her
unprotected bottom.  Being that we are men as well, we are not able to deliver
this much needed spanking without causing a war among friends."  

" I have made this machine to fit your needs to this end: It is completely tuned
in to your body's brain waves and the movements your body makes.  Every little
move will be registered and dealt with, for example every little fidget with the
truth will be noticed, so do not lie.  It is going to spank you.  This first
time looks like it will be a severe spanking as your level is well above
maximum. 


"We will not be able to control the outcome of what goes on once you have
entered, and more to the point, my dear Katie, nor will you be able to.   It
will not allow you to leave until the level of power is below minimum.  One more
thing before I leave, it is equipped with every tool needed to get you to 'calm
down' as you put it."    The professor turned off the intercom and they all
watched the readings go up.  The two they were most interested in, her power
level, which went up while the professor spoke, and her fear level, which was at
the minimum.

Katie waited.  She jumped when a mechanical arm came out of the wall and pointed
to the horse.  " Step over to the horse and take the position."  The professor's
voice ordered.  She knew without feeling around for him that it was a recording. 
She stayed put.  This was ridiculous, a machine spanking her.  She was not about
to step up to a horse and submit to a machine.  She was used to controlling her
spankings.  Not to hard, not to soft, just enough to calm the fire from deep
within her. 

When two arms came out of the wall and grabbed her she screamed and tried to
pull out of the firm unyielding grasp of each arm.  She tried to stop the pull
towards the bench but found herself being dragged and dropped unceremonsily over
the horse.  " That is ten extra with the instrument of your choice."  His voice
said to her. " I suggest you no longer fight what you have coming."  She sent a
blast of power to the men outside and felt a sharp slap on her bottom making her
yelp with the sting.  " That is another ten with the instrument of your choice. 
I can register your power though I will not react other than to punish you for
it.  This room is sealed.  No one is going to rescue you from the sound spanking
I am going to deliver.  No more foolishness now, young lady, bare your bottom
and take your spanking." 

Fear soared through her.  She never once had her pants down for any of the
spankings that she manipulated to her specifications.  On the outside the team
watched her fear level increase but her power increased with it. 

" As this is your first time in here, I will count.  If your bottom is not bare
by the time I get to three I will do it and then you will be spanked twice, one
for utter disobediance, the other for manipulation of your powers.  One..."        

Fear once again soared through her as she stood up beside the horse. " Two..."
She quickly took down her pants and panties and bent over the bench.  " Three,
very good.  Now scoot up until your hands are touching the base in front of the
horse."  She scooted further over the horse placing her hands on a small flat
surface.  She jumped and looked behind her when a platform rose to settle her
feet on.  " Now, young lady, I'm going to tie you down.  This is for your
protection as I am going to be spanking your bottom pretty hard.  I do not need
you moving and catching a spank in the wrong place.  I do not want to harm you." 
She nearly giggled at that but was too scared to.




Leather strips came out of the wall to wind around her wrists and ankles.  She
was able to turn and again nearly giggled at the ridiculous position she was in
as she watched two mechanical arms come out of the wall.  Both had rubber hands
and began to rub her bottom.  When they lifted and began her spanking she turned
and settled into the position.  This was something she could handle.  The spanks
were sharp and stingy but felt good to her. 

The crew on the outside watched the fear level go down.  " Are you sure about
this?" Storm asked as the fear level went all the way down.  " Just wait.  The
machine is just warming up." The professor said.

On the inside she was rocking to greet the spanks.  She no longer denied that
she needed a spanking.  She invited more and moved to take all that was given. 
When the hands turned to spanking sticks she moaned with the sting but accepted
it again, quickly moving to inviting each stinging swat.  The machine stopped
using the instrument after ten on each cheek was delivered.  

" I think, young lady, that I'm are not getting through to you.  Let's see what
I can do about this."  That made her twist to see what the machine was up to.  "
Back into position."  The machine warned.  She did quite happy on the inside
that she may have gotten over on the machine as well.  A wisp of air made her
clench her bottom together knowing it was about to be struck.  She yelped as the
sting of leather left a mark on her bottom.  She said owowowow and struggled
with the sting hearing the next coming.  Ten swats from the strap got her fired
up and begging, but did not touch her fear level.  The machine stopped and she
rocked with the pain, telling herself she was crazy as she invited more.

After a long pause she looked back to see what the problem was.  Did the machine
quit?  She grinned thinking it was so as a small paddle with holes sat hovering
in air above her bottom.  " I am sorry to give you the wrong impression young
lady. I am merely waiting for the sting of the strap to go away before using
this paddle on your bottom.  I think you are ready for it now."  She didn't have
time to prepare for it.  A sting scorched her backside that sent chills down to
her fingertips and her toes. The next came quickly on the other side sending
another wave of pain to the very tips of her body causing panic to engulf her. 

The others on the outside saw the change immediately.  Fear went up and the
power went down. 

" Wait!"  She screamed as she felt the machine lift to swat her backside again.

" Wait for what Katie?"  The machine asked. She could not answer as the machine
began to paddle every inch of her bottom.  She fought against the sting and
cried to the machine to let her go. 


But it merely lectured her on how naughty she was to manipulate her powers to
take advantage of men, and women in some cases, to do her every whim.  When the
machine moved to her tender undersides, she broke and let it all come out.  The
frustrations and fears all came out with her tears.  She confessed to the
machine all of her sins her manipulations caused. She confessed her needs to be
controlled as she was now and having no one that could do so.  Then she laid and
took her punishment, which the machine delivered with precision.  When it
stopped she was soaked with tears and sweat.

" Your spanking is not over as you still have twenty more coming.  It would be
now if you entered on your own free will and took your spanking without fuss. 
They will be given with the punishment stick.  If you have to be forced into
here again the extra will be given with this very paddle. I am giving this
little leniency this one time as your bottom is pretty well marked.  I do not
want to cause you harm.  I am merely aiding your need."

The twenty were still hard for her to take.  She cried as they landed on her
thighs and lower bottom waking the sting the paddle caused and leaving her
crying and completely drained over the horse.  The leather slowly unwrapped from
her wrist and ankles.  She stayed where she was sobbing now for pity sake. 

On the outside the crew was aware that the spanking was over.  The power level
was down to nothing, the fear as well.  Her heartbeat was normal as was all
other readings.  They knew the machine was now waiting for Katie to give the
signal she was ready to leave.  It was the only way the door would open.

When she stood and pulled her panties up she winced at the pain as it pulled. 
Pulling the rough jeans over her tender bottom was harder.  But she managed and
stepped down from the platform that held her legs in place. 

" I hope to not see you in here for awhile young lady. "  The machine said to
her.

" I hope to avoid you as well."  She said with honest fear on the surface. 
Inside she knew she would be back, but she did not know how long that would be
this time.  She was never brought down so low before.  When the door opened she
blinked against the light.  She did not think she could face the others out
there.  Shame and embarrassment kept her rooted by the horse.

" Katie, those people out there are like you.  Each have their own power they
have had to deal with that came with it's own unique challenges.  You were
invited to join them. I was created to take care of a minor part of your power. 
They would not have gone through the trouble if they did not want or need you
here.  Truly the only thing you need to worry about is not coming in here when
your level gets out of hand."  She heard the laughter in the voice and wondered
how the professor made this machine so lifelike.


Katie saw a shadow at the door.  She had no strength to search for who it was. 
When the Iceman came up to her she searched his face for any sign of rejection. 
What she saw was understanding and acceptance.  She took his hand and allowed
him to take her out of the machine to begin her life with the X-Men.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  littleone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





