BDSM Library - A Slave's Day Out




A Slave's Day Out
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave is taken on an outting by her Master. She finds adventure and satisfaction in serving him in all ways.
A Slaves Day Out, Part One

By twilight





The Drive



The velvety shadows crept sinuously along the walls like the deadly cobra
writhing to the mesmerizing tune of the charmer's pungi. Light began to trickle
into the room and chase away nights dreams, bringing the bright dawning of a new
day.

Shifting under the blankets, warm and snuggled, the girls form moved only
slightly with her rhythmic breathing. She'd heard the soft bleating of the
alarm, but ignored it. She was not ready to cast aside the haze of sleep just
yet. All she wanted was to remain here, comfortable and blissfully asleep.

In one swift motion the blankets were pulled aside, her naked body bared to the
none too gentle kiss of chilled air in the room and suddenly a warming smack
upon her bare bottom. The sound of large strong hand swatting tender flesh
reverberated through the room. With a lightening fast jerk, she was sitting up,
rubbing the red mark on her once ivory ass and smiling as she said, "Good
morning, Master!"

He laughed heartily to see how swiftly his girl could and did wake up. And to
see the bright smile that curved her lips. She loved to have her bottom swatted.
Nothing made her happier, except pleasing him and ensuring his continued
satisfaction with her.

She was sitting up in bed, her long legs curled beneath her bottom and cradled
it deliciously. Her chin tipped high as she looked up to her Master and her soft
lips parted in a low moan of delighted pleasure as she stroked the red spot that
still tingled. There was a shimmering dark blue sheet wrapped around her waist
and coiling to cover the most sensitive areas that only he touched. Her large
firm breasts were bared and his eyes glinted as he raked a hot gaze over her.
God how she made his fires leap just by sitting prettily before him. The funny
part of it was she didn't even know how deeply she affected him. There was
something somehow so innocent about her and at the same time, so damnably sultry
that he just itched to get his hands on her.

" Get up and get ready girl. You're going on a field trip today" he said to her
with a deeper rumble to his voice than he had intended to show to her. Damn but
she was so sexy with that soft hair spilling almost down to her hips.

"Oh yes Master! What shall I wear?" she asked as she bounced out of bed,
wonderfully comfortable in her naked glory. The swell of her hips as they
tapered to her soft womanhood made his mouth water. He had to pull his gaze away
or savage her with his fully blown lusts.

"Your overcoat. And those red heels I like with the sheer midnight blue hosiery
and garters. That is all, do you understand me, girl?" he asked, his eyes
gleaming as the day he'd been planning in his mind for a week now slowly began
to unfold.

"Yes Master, I understand." she replied with a softly nervous quaver to her
voice that made him smile with an evil delight. He loved to surprise her and
take her to new depths of submission to his will. Sometimes it was frightening
for her and she would be hesitant. But with his patient guidance she always
wound up making him so very proud of her.

He knew that today would be no different. Watching as she hurried around the
house, readying for her day out with a breathless anticipation he smiled and
thought how lucky he had been to find her. She brought him nothing but joy. Even
On the few occasions she'd had to be punished, it was a constructive education
and she had never repeated a mistake.

After a quick shower and cleaning her teeth, she stood before him dressed as
commanded. She was used to this ritual and assumed the position he preferred to
look her over. Slowly her arms raised and linked behind her neck, buried within
the thick chestnut curls that twined down her back. Almost hiding the wonderful
curve of her back where it dimpled in and the swell of her luscious ass began.
Slowly he walked around his property and inspected her from head to toe. Her
nail polish was a red that matched the spiked pumps he preferred and the dark of
the hosiery stood out starkly on her pale skin. He was very pleased with her and
let the light touch of his hand down her side show her just how much. Behind her
he squatted for a moment and straightened out the line down the back of her
panty hose. He wasn't sure of it, but thought she always left it slightly askew
so he would have the chance to leave that small touch upon her. Either way, he
was happy to do so, it meant a lot to him to be a part of her perfect grooming.

She was now ready for her field trip, all but for the overcoat. This he helped
her into and straightened the collar. Standing behind her he reached his arms
around and slowly closed the garment with the large buttons down the front.
Pulling the belt around, he tied it tightly to her waist. It accented just how
slender she was and yet showed off her plentiful curves. As he stepped back, he
brushed his hands over her soft nipples and brought them to life with a speed
faster than the racing of her heart. She parted her ruby red lips in a soft moan
of pleasure, her eyes closing for just a moment as she savored the feelings,
leaning weakly against her Master before he pulled away and brusquely ordered
her to the car.

Her shapely legs were outside of the car as she adjusted the coat that kept
trying to come open. He laughed softly and bent to run his fingertip up her leg,
tickling behind her knees and making her jump. He knew that even the slightest
touch from him made her hot and wet and he planned on having her very hot and
very wet for her day out.

They drove in silence, the car handling perfectly and gliding smoothly over the
rolling hills and around each bend. She kept her eyes low, trying to focus on
the small hands she'd folded in her lap. Nervously she pulled her lower lip in
and out of her mouth. It was a habit of hers to chew lightly on it when she was
not sure what was coming next.

His hand reached over and rested on her knee for a moment, then one long finger
tapped upon the inside of it and she instantly parted her thighs. He slid his
palm upward, caressing the soft skin of her inner thigh with delight. It never
failed to amaze him how silky her skin was.

With skill he maneuvered the car round the curves and down the highway. It was
earlier than usual and the traffic was light. His fingers tapped and danced up
and down his property's thighs, every now and then pinching the skin to leave
the tiniest kiss of a pink blemish. Then he would lovingly caress and rub the
mark away. All the while she kept very still be he could see the strain on her
pretty features. The scent of her excitement was like a lingering kiss to his
lips. He smiled to himself and moved his hand upward.

Letting it rest close enough to her sex that she could feel the heat radiate
from it, he drove on in silence. Finally when she could stand it no more she
uttered a soft cry of need. He glanced over to her and asked with total
innocence, "Is something wrong, slut?" . She whimpered and lowered her head,
lustrous curls falling forward as she murmured, "No Master, nothing is wrong."

He inclined his head slightly as if puzzled and continued to flicker glances at
her. Slowly a smile curled with an almost sinister look and he said, "Oh, I
know! You are hot and in need, aren't you slut?"

The blush on her features was so endearing. She stammered and coughed softly and
finally managed, "Yes Master."

"Unbutton your coat, girl. Begin to toy with those pretty nipples of yours."

"Oh yes Master!" And she quickly fumbled the buttons open, baring herself for
her Master on the nearly deserted highway as they drove along. Her long fingers
began to twist at the perked nipples as she tipped her head back and moaned
deeply.

"Close your eyes, girl. Enjoy yourself fully. But go slow. Spend plenty of time
teasing yourself. Feel every inch of your womanhood. Revel in who and what you
are, my property, my slave."

Her cries were delirious with happiness as she closed her eyes, winking out the
bright sapphire glow of them. The airtight car hummed along the highway, filled
with the slaves growing sounds of passionate lusts fulfilled.

She pinched her nipples, bringing the soft pink to a hot red. Her fingers danced
over her belly and then back to her breasts. Soon her hips began to rise and
fall, bucking against the air itself as she squeezed her breasts hard.
Blissfully unaware of anything but the building need within her, she teased over
her shaven mound.

Using those long red nails she scratched lightly over the delicate skin. Her
body writhed with the need to plunge fingers deep inside her but she held off.
Instead letting sensitive fingertips roam again to her full breasts, touching
her flat belly. She splayed her thighs lewdly wide and gasped loudly.

Unable to stop herself, she sunk two fingers deep into the folds of her
glistening wet pussy. She thrust them in hard and fast and cried out sharply
with the sheer pleasure of it. Slowing herself then, remembering her Masters
command to take it slow, she pumped her fingers in and out tenderly. Her hand
began to show the wetness that spelled her desires. She lifted her fingers to
lush lips and licked with soft pink tongue over them.

Dark lashes fluttered as she started to open her eyes. Her Master's sharp
command to keep them closed came harshly to her ears and she closed them again,
tightly. Again she inserted her fingers deep into herself. Shudders were now
wracking her body, her hips rose fast and hard to meet the thrusts of her
fingers. The delved into her folds like lightening.

She lashed her head side to side, crying out like a small animal as she bucked
wildly in the bucket car seat. Knowing she was close, her Master told her with a
deep growl in his voice, "Cum girl, cum now!"

And she did. Oh how she did! Her scream was shattering in the enclosed confines
of the car. Falling back, sweat beading her brow, she gasped for air. Her large
breasts heaved with the effort even as she soared upon the waves of pleasure.
Higher and higher she went.

"Open your eyes slut. Look up." As Master commanded, she obeyed. Her pretty lips
formed a perfect "O" of surprise and shock to see the huge truck barreling along
beside them. She hadn't even heard it. Her cheeks flamed crimson and she quickly
removed her hands from her cunt, closing her overcoat in shame.

But Master would have none of that. He tugged her coat open again and commanded,
"Clean yourself slut." With a whimper she put her fingers again to herself and
began to slowly lick them clean, over and over returning to the wet folds of her
slaves cunt. Cleaning herself as her Master commanded.

The jarring roar of the air horn made her jump and she couldn't help but look up
to see the truck driver give her Master a thumb's up and mouth the words "Thank
You" before he gunned the enormous engine and roared on down the highway.

Her Master was still chuckling over the red in her cheeks and the light in her
eyes as they pulled into the parking garage of his office complex.

"Cover yourself, girl. We have to go to work." And they left the car, her weak
legs barely carrying her as she hurried along behind Master, retying her
overcoat to cover her nakedness. Her hair richly tousled now and her cheeks
aglow. She was embarrassed by the spectacle she had put on for the truck driver,
but deep inside herself she couldn't help but glow with pleasure that he had
watched her and enjoyed what he saw.




A Slaves Day Out, Part Two



The Office


The ride up in the elevator was filled with silence. The only sound being the
soft hum of well oiled machinery. She danced from foot to foot, still flushed
with the excitement of what had happened in the car. Her mind whirled and she
wondered if the truck driver was talking to his friends about the girl he just
saw pleasing herself. Maybe he was regaling them with vivid and lurid details.
Did she make his cock hard? She felt her cheeks flame at the thought. She felt
so deliciously naughty.

The elevator stopped and the doors opened with a soft ~whoosh~. Master stepped
out and she followed quickly, being sure to keep the right number of paces
behind him. It pleased him when she remembered every small detail of his
preferences. He smiled now as he heard the light swishing of her overcoat,
knowing that beneath it she was as bare as the day she was born. All except for
those wonderful stockings and garters. Damn but she was tasty in those.

His strode down the thickly carpeted hallway with the full knowledge that she
was right behind him, neither looking left or right, her gaze glued to his back.
He also knew she was aching to find out what surprises he had in store for her.
He'd never taken her to work with him before. Even though he was a top executive
in his firm, he had been careful that his private life be just that, private.

Today was a treat for him as well as her. And if all went as he hoped it would,
there would be many more such days.

Reaching into his pocket, he removed the chain of keys and unlocked the door to
his offices. His secretary wasn't in yet so he strode past her desk, picking up
a few messages that had come in over the late evening yesterday. As he shuffled
through them, reading and taking in their content, already planning his
responses, he distractedly waved the slave girl into his personal office,
closing the door behind her without glancing up.

She entered slowly, looking around carefully. This is where her Master spends a
great deal of time. She wanted to know every inch of it. She walked slowly over
to the pictures on the wall and smiled. They were quite refined, as he was, and
still there was a quality to them. If there were women, they were submissive in
posture. Not blatantly in slave chains, but still, for one who knew, it was
there.

Turning from the paintings she looked to Masters desk. It was quite imposing. It
reached all the way to the floor. The deep pile carpet seemed to rise up and
cover the edges as if it was sprung from the floor itself. She moved slowly
around it, her fingertips lightly running over the wood. A deep rich cherry
colored wood that seemed to radiate warmth.

Looking up, she saw that Master was watching her. He smiled and told her to hang
her overcoat upon the brass coat rack that stood in the corner. She turned and
with no shame in her nudity, hung the coat where Master told her. He sat down in
his big leather chair and motioned her over to him. Quickly she came and began
to sink to her knees, he shook his head and motioned to the edge of the desk
before him. With a smile she slid the round curves of her bottom to the desk and
leaned to brush a kiss over her Masters firm lips.

"Spread your thighs, girl."

She did so with no hesitation. He leaned forward and flicked his tongue quickly,
just once, over her still swollen labia. Lifting his head, he smiled at her deep
groan.

"You still taste like ambrosia, my slave." he told her with a soft growl to his
voice.

"Oh thank you Master!" she beamed with pride that he still enjoyed every part of
her.

Pushing his chair back he motioned her to the floor at his feet. She knelt
between him and the large desk. Her bottom was cupped to her heels and her
thighs parted wide for his pleasure. The carpet was thick and kind of nubbly on
her tender skin. She reveled in the sensations.

Master was reaching in a bottom drawer and withdrew a slender brass chain. One
end he hooked to her collar, the other he handed to her. She held it, puzzled,
in the palm of her hand, finally raising her eyes to ask him silently what he
wished her to do with it. He chuckled softly and pointed under the desk.

Turning, she saw that on the underside of the desk was a rail. It went along the
full L shape of the large piece of furniture and upon it was a soft cloth ring
that slid easily from one end to the other. Master told her to hook the other
end of the chain to the ring. She did as told, now being firmly chained beneath
his desk.

"Explore your surroundings, girl."

She began to look around under the desk, finding a small pillow big enough for
her to curl up on and nothing more. She smiled with delight that Master was kind
enough to give her this luxury. His strong hand reached under the desk, to the
right side and pressed a hidden panel. There was a small storage unit there and
she gasped at its contents.

"I've had this desk specially made for you girl. Your new home away from home is
right here at my knee. Your only task is to obey me implicitly. If anyone ever
finds out you are under here, I will lose my job and we will both suffer then.
Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes Master, I understand fully, Master." and she did. She knew that if Master
lost his income because of her, he could and might just sell her to make up the
loss. She would do anything not to see that happen.

"Good, now that you have a full understanding of the repercussions if you are
found, look into the storage unit and tell me what you find."

She reached in and pulled out a vibrating egg. It shone golden in the dim light
under the desk and she smiled hugely. "Master, I have found a shiny golden egg
that vibrates. I hope it is for me to use Master." He chuckled lightly and said,
"Of course it is for you. That is, if you behave well." He knew that the egg was
her very favorite toy. "What else is in there?" He asked idly as he began to go
about his day's work.

"A cock shaped vibe Master, a blindfold, some fur lined cuffs and a vibe that
sort of resembles a scorpion, Master." She read off the list like a litany. "Ah
yes, the scorpion. I think you will enjoy that one a great deal." Lifting it
carefully she began to inspect it. The thorax or torso of the vibe seemed rather
flat and the tail was long. She looked perplexed as she turned it over and over
in her hands, trying to figure out its use.

"Never mind for now, girl. Put everything away except the egg." She did so and
placed the egg upon the floor between her parted thighs. "Put it deep inside you
and turn it on to medium then hand me the control." Master commanded. She did as
told with a low passionate groan as the small machine hummed to life. He grinned
widely and held out his hand for the control. His thumb flicked the little egg
to off and her soft mews of disappointment made him laugh. Suddenly he turned it
all the way to high and watched with amusement as she bucked beneath the desk.
Slowly he slid it back down to medium and left it there.

"My little slut, today I am going to teach you how to worship cock. You see,
while you are a magnificent cock sucker, I do not feel you give proper homage to
my cock. Today you will learn."

Her eyes lift with a fiery delight as Master waved her over to remove his cock
from his trousers. She lifted her small hands and he shook his head. "With your
teeth, slave." Carefully she leant forward and grasped the zipper in her teeth
and pulled it down. With her cute little nose she nudged his trousers open and
found the soft cotton of is underwear. She wasn't sure how she was going to
extricate it from his underwear with only her teeth but did know she was going
to give it her very best shot.

Nosing deeper she heard Master moan softly and smiled. Then she felt his large
hand upon her head as her lips began to grasp his underwear and pull them to the
side. "No girl. Smell it more. Breathe in the scent of your Master. Know that
scent. Know it in your heart and soul, make it a part of your being." So she
kept her face buried within this trousers, smelling above all else his manly
scent and then his soap and cologne. There was an underlying scent as well. The
scent that rode upon his shoulders, arms, neck and legs. The scent that was just
her Master. His skin. For a full thirty minutes she breathed deeply and took all
that he was into her senses. She came to know the scent of Masters cock so well
she knew she'd never mistake another for it.

He was pleased with her effort and to reward her he removed his cock and balls
from the constraining trousers and told her. "Taste me." She was so excited. Not
even the drive in the car had made her this wet. She opened her lips and dove
down upon him. Swiftly she engulfed his full , hard cock, taking it to the back
of her throat. Another low moan passed Master's lips. Carefully he lifted her
mouth from him and spoke with the tiniest quaver to his voice. "No slut, taste
me. Lick my cock and balls. Let your tongue roll around them. You have taste
buds all along your tongue. Some sense sweet, some sense sour while others sense
something else. I want you to experience the taste of my cock and balls on every
single taste bud. Slowly and carefully make love to them with your tongue, lips
and teeth. Begin with my balls. Feel the texture of the skin and how it differs
from anywhere else on my body. Feel how much thicker it is to protect the
precious cargo. Feel my balls roll and move with your tongue."

She lowered her head and with the tip of her tongue, began exploring Masters
balls. The skin was thicker and smelled different too. She was amazed. How had
she never noticed this before. As the bright beam of education went off in her
brain she found she was eager to learn more and more. Her tongue began to wander
slowly over his heavy balls. She could feel them rolling within the sac. She
could taste him on the tip of her tongue. Then she tried the sides of her tongue
and found he tasted different yet. It was such an education for her. She pursed
her lips and pulled some of the skin to her mouth. Letting her lips roll the
slightly pinched part she found how thick it really was. Soon she wanted all of
his full sac resting on her tongue. She wanted to taste him completely. Opening
wide she tried to stuff as much as she could deep within her hungry mouth.
Glancing up she saw that his head had rolled back, his eyes had closed and he
was groaning with pleasure. His cock was twitching and jerking, it too seemed
hungry for her mouth.

His hand reached for her hair and he ran his fingers through it. She continued
suckling and licking his balls, using her small hand to lift them and lick
beneath. There was a tiny thin vein there, it was so red. It looked angry red.
She licked it slowly. Master tensed and tightened in his chair. He moaned and
pushed her head deeper. It seemed he licked this. She continued to lick.

Suddenly his door opened and his secretary Susan walked in with coffee and a
cheerful good morning. Susan couldn't see the slave beneath the desk. Master's
hand on her head told her to continue as he spoke calmly to Susan about today's
meetings and such. Susan made some notes, handed him a few more messages and
turned to leave the office. She paused at the door and asked her boss if he was
alright. He replied he was fine and why did she ask? She said it was probably
nothing, he just looked flushed today. Maybe a slight fever or cold was coming
on? He smiled sardonically and replied that no, he felt fine. He then dismissed
Susan and lifted his coffee to sip.

Directing his gaze downward he commanded, "Now slave, suck my cock. But I want
you to lavish the same attention upon it as you have my balls. Is that
understood? You worship my cock, don't you slave?"

"Oh yes Master, I do. I didn't really realize how fine and magnificent it was
until you made me see. Please Master, may I worship your cock now, please?"

"You may."

Arching up just a bit she trailed the tip of her tongue slowly from base to just
beneath the crown. Slowly swirling it round and round. Marveling at the soft,
silky texture of the skin and the pulsing iron just beneath the surface. She
noted how much softer and thinner the skin on his cock was compared to the skin
on his balls. The scent was also different. His balls were muskier, heavier
scented. While his cock was so sweet and fine. She ached to take it completely
down her throat but took her time. Slowly and carefully she licked every inch
but for the head. That she saved for last.

By this time her Master was growling softly and she could hear the papers rustle
as he tried to maintain control of himself. She found that she took great
delight in the fact that she was pleasing Master so well. That her hot little
mouth was driving him wild.

She moved to the head and clamped her teeth gently about half way down the head.
The soft skin dimpled under the gentle pressure, her lips were curled back so
they didn't touch the skin. Gingerly she began to lick at the tip of Master's
cock. Her tongue rolling in a languid manner. Every taste bud filling with him.
She flicked the tip of her tongue over the small hole and tasted his precum. Now
her lips pursed and she tried to suck more of the delicious nectar to her mouth.

Master's hands were entwined within her hair and pulling her down farther. She
slowly began to sink down the length of his cock. Inch by glorious inch went
deep inside her mouth. Her hips were rocking on the egg. He turned it up to
high, sending jolts of pleasure through her that made her whimper and cry out
round his thick shaft.

Her nostrils flared. She could smell her own scent full and rich upon the
recycled air of the office. Her cries were getting louder as she sucked and
licked Master's cock with the ferocity of a starving lioness. He tapped her
cheek with one finger and she exerted all her effort to be quiet while she
pleased him.

His hips began to buck and jerk, thrusting his cock faster and harder into her
mouth. Suddenly he stiffened and his hot cum shot down her throat in molten
spurts. She swallowed frantically. Licking and sucking every drop from him. She
began to pull back and catch her breath when he said to her , "No slut, you
aren't done. Today if my cock leaves your mouth, it will be replaced with my
balls. Do you understand? This entire day you devote to learning to worship me
and my cock properly. You will, at all times, have one or the other in your
mouth."

She released his cock long enough to murmur, "Yes Master."

Throughout that long day Master only let her stop sucking and licking long
enough to have small sips of water and to massage aching jaws. Then she got
right back down to business. Several times Susan came into the office and once
his boss came in! she was petrified as his boss sat down opposite Master's desk.
Was sure he would smell her or hear her. But Master did not let her stop. It
terrified and thrilled her at the same time.

During that day, Master fed his hungry slut many times and by the time everyone
else left at 6pm for home, she was exhausted. He unchained her and carried her
in his arms out to his car. Turning on the heat and helping her to warm up on
the drive home. He smiled over at her and whispered through her drowsy state,
"I'm very proud of you girl. You did well today. You did very well."




A Slaves Day Out, Part Three

The Party
Conclusion to "A Slaves Day Out"


He drove them home in silence. Only looking at his sleeping girl now and then to
assure himself she was fine. She was sleeping soundly and he really just enjoyed
looking at her. Some days it amazed him that she was his property, his to own.
But she was completely his in every way and he could not be happier about it.

Before long they were home, he shook her gently awake and kissed her lips.

"Go shower slave, there is more to come for you this day, another surprise."

She murmured and stirred groggily but slid from the car as he commanded. He had
to chuckle as he watched her nude form walk inside. She was so sleepy she didn't
even have the presence of mind to be a bit shy about walking up the walk to
their home. In one way he was glad no neighbors could see, but in another he was
rather wishing they could watch and envy him.

As she showered and began to wake up, he came into the bathroom and told her not
to put on any perfumes or oils. Just her bare skin for this night. She was to
shave fresh and make sure that she cleaned herself totally. She knew what this
meant and she saw to it that every inch of her body was intensely clean. Her
labia was freshly shaven and her legs and armpits as well. Master liked his girl
smooth in every way.

She stepped from the shower and dried off. Seeing a robe hanging on the bathroom
door that wasn't there before, she took it and put it on. It was a short robe of
satin, blood red and her nipples perked nicely against the material. She admired
herself in the mirror for a moment, tightening the sash to the robe and finally
drying her hair.

All ready she stepped from the bathroom to go find Master and see what he wished
of her next. Most likely he'd want her to prepare dinner for him. She was hungry
too. So hungry she almost imagined she smelled food in the house. But that
wasn't possible, Master didn't cook and  he would rarely order out. It must be
her imagination.

She was almost out the bedroom door when it swung inward and barely missed her.
Master's rich chuckle sounded as she stumbled backward .

"Oops. Better be careful slave. You could wind up with a black eye doing that."
he laughed merrily. She laughed softy and agreed.

"Here, put this one slave, it's time for your surprise." he handed her a black
satin blindfold. She had totally forgotten about the surprise. Swiftly she slid
the blindfold on and stood motionless, waiting for Master to lead here down
whatever path he had planned.

He took her hand in his and they walked from the bedroom. From the way they
turned and how many steps it took, she knew they were in the formal dining room
when Master commanded she stop. She did so and waited patiently for him to
remove the blindfold. But he didn't take it off. Instead he slid the robe from
her shoulders and cast it aside. She cocked her head. Almost certain she had
heard something. A soft murmur maybe? She couldn't be sure and decided it was
her hunger and exhaustion playing tricks on her.

Suddenly, she felt Master's strong arms lift her. She giggled softly as she
clung to him, blindfolded and so very helpless in his grasp. She was placed on a
smooth flat surface and found from the feel that it was the formal dining table.
Wondering what Master had in mind for her, she was told to lay back and did so
quickly.

Master's hand was planted firmly on her left shoulder now, she could feel him
standing there by her head. He moved her hair to hang down over the end of the
table and all was silent for a long moment.

"Say hello to our guests, slave." Master commanded.

She had no idea what he was talking about. There was nobody here. Or was there?

With a softly quivering voice she said, "Hello?". In response she heard soft
laughter. Laughter from many people. Oh how her skin turned red from the blush.
She began to try to sit up and felt Masters hand clamp down upon her shoulder.
He held her firmly in place. She could hear him laughing with the rest of the
people. She felt so embarrassed.

Her skin was hot to the touch. She wanted nothing more than to rise from the
table and flee to the deeper recesses of the house. But Master held her firm and
would not let her go. She squirmed and wiggled but to no avail. Finally he
seemed exasperated with her as he leaned down and hissed softly against her ear,
"Be still  and enjoy your surprise, slave." With that she knew she had no other
choice but to do as told. Her body quieted and the nervousness seemed to leave
her. She reminded herself that Master loved her and would never see any harm
come to her. She relaxed and waited what was to come.

She was surprised to feel Masters lips upon hers in a soft kiss. "Good girl" he
whispered and she felt his presence move back. But always his hand remained upon
her shoulder. She sent her mind to that, to his hand. She thought of the comfort
and security of it. She thought of the strength it wielded for her and she found
warmth growing inside of her. She loved her Master and would do anything for
him.

Suddenly she felt a touch upon her right nipple. The tiny bud sprang to life in
response and a tingle arced its way through her best to dance down her spine.
Without thought she moaned softly and was rewarded by pleased chuckles from the
onlookers. This was not her Master's touch and she was frightened and
embarrassed to have enjoyed it so much.

"Your little slut is a hot one." she heard a deep voice say.

"Ye, she is and she's all mine. But for tonight I share her with you all." her
Master intoned. She could hear the pride in his voice. He wasn't sharing her to
punish her but out of extreme pride. She felt her soft lips curve to a smile and
relaxed further. It wasn't long before she was rewarded with many soft touches.
It seemed hands and fingers were all over her body. Dozens of them touching her,
kneading her flesh, tweaking at her nipples. At some point her thighs opened and
she began to writhe upon the table.

Through it all one thing was constant. Master's hand never left her shoulder.
Always he was there, touching and reassuring. Never letting her forget to whom
she belonged.

Just as she thought she could stand no more of the probing fingers and hands,
she felt soft lips kissing their way up her thighs. They seemed to be everywhere
at once and never still. How many pairs of lips? She couldn't tell. But they set
her flesh afire and she bowed her back. Pushing the soft mound of her womanhood
towards the lips. Her own voice now begging loudly. She cried out with need as
the lips taunted her. Kissing and leaving again. Over and over. Never staying
long enough to let her feel them fully. Only the ghost  of a touch.

Behind the blindfold she wept with the need. It had become so deep and haunting
that her entire body ached. She was kept on edge for so long and brought close
so many times she thought she would faint. The table beneath her was puddled
with the evidence of her desire. Her slight body was wracked and felt as if the
fires of hell consumed it. She had to get relief soon. She just had to.

Master's hand left her shoulder. No longer was the security there. She felt a
wave of panic washing over her. Struggling between that prickly hot feeling and
the one of immense desire she couldn't fight, she rolled her head side to side
in an agony of emotions.

Suddenly her thighs were jerked wide apart by unfamiliar hands. She was laid
open and a weight pressed down upon her body. In a hot wild thrust she was
penetrated to the hilt. A wild climax came over her. Shaking her body till she
felt faint. Over and over her soft mound was pummeled by the interloper. He took
her without mercy, without care.

She lost track of the orgasms she had. She'd been so hot and so ready that any
form of control was long gone from  her. All she knew was the agony and the
ecstasy of wild sexual abandon. No longer caring who was near or who heard her,
she screamed out the passion that held her. That ravaged her body.

Finally, it was over. She was very nearly unconscious when the man who took her
leaned close to hear her soft murmurings. One of her dainty hands lifted and
caressed his cheek as she whispered just before she dropped off to sleep, "Thank
you Master, I love you Master".


~The End~




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  twilight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





