BDSM Library - Whatever You Want




Whatever You Want
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two men force a housewife to become their personal permanent fuck-toy. Later chapters will describe how her daughters are also enslaved in different ways, with various other forced sex and rape scenarios along the way.
WHATEVER YOU WANT


Chapter 1

Fucking unbelievable.  That was the only way to describe it.  There was this
woman, about 30, good body, pretty face, crying her eyes out, head on the floor,
tits rubbing on the carpet, ass in the air, with her hands reaching back pulling
her butt cheeks apart and begging, and I mean fucking begging, to have her ass
fucked.

She was wearing a parody of a schoolgirl outfit.  6 inch red stilettos with
white ankle socks, ridiculously short loose grey skirt, white blouse that was
totally failing to keep her tits covered and a school tie round her neck.  Her
auburn hair was tied in bunches.  Her make-up was now smeared with tears but was
simple with bright red lipstick and blue eyeshadow, just as a school kid would
do it.

In between the choking sobs she desperately tried to convince Paul that the only
place his cock should be was buried deep in her bowels.

"Please baby .. put it in .. now .. I need it .. it'll be so good for you ..
I'll squeeze down just like you want .. Oh god .. you know how much it hurts me
.. I'll do anything if you'll only fuck my ass .. please bugger me .. pleeeease
.. "

Paul was standing there.  The sickest grin you ever saw on his face.  His cock
covered with her spit after the throat job she had just done.  He wasn't even
kneeling down ready to fuck her.  Just standing behind her, watching as her body
shook as she cried, watching as she frigged her tight hole with her finger,
watching as her mouth kept on finding more words to tempt him to rape her.

"Fuck my ass .. ram it in .. you know I'm just a slut for your cock .. I promise
to be a good girl .. I'll clean it for you afterwards .. you won't believe how
hot I am .. please .. please fuck your little ass slut .. I'll make it good for
you .. fuck my ass, lover .. you know it's yours whenever you want .."

He looked at me, shrugged his shoulders, knelt behind her and stuck his finger
deep in her anal opening.  "You fucking slut.  You're nowhere near hot enough
yet," he said "for fuck's sake I've told you enough times that you've got to be
really hot for it."

Her eyes showed her fear and somehow she started crying even harder, but she
never stopped wriggling her butt and spreading her cheeks with her hands and
fucking her ass with her finger "Oh god .. please no .. not that .. not again ..
I can't .. it hurts too much .. I can't sit properly for days .. my husband will
see the marks .. please .. I'm hot enough already .. I really am .. fuck me baby
.. please bugger me .. I am hot enough, really .."

Paul smiled and looked at me, putting a finger to his lips to show I should be
silent. "OK, you dumb fuck, if that's how you want it, I'll leave."

Her reaction was weird.  She should have thanked god he had offered to go but
instead she became even more desperate in her efforts to get him to fuck her
ass.

"No, no .. don't go ..  I'll get hotter .. I'll fuck you .. I'll do anything ..
pleeease bugger me .. oh please, oh please, oh pleeease .. don't go .. look at
my ass .. it's yours .. it's so tight .. fuck me now .. you'll love it .. I'll
be really good .. please lover .."

Paul smiled.  "Well, I don't know, unless you're really hot I don't see how I
can fuck you.  Still, I expect you can think of something that will heat your
ass up nicely.  How do you think we could get you really hot?"

Crying the whole time, she crawled away from him, still wriggling that butt, and
scrabbled at a cupboard door.  She reached behind a load of household cleaning
stuff and pulled out one of those whips that jockeys use.  She held it between
her teeth, crawled back to the centre of the room and laid it at Paul's feet. 
Turning so her ass was facing him again, she spread her legs, laid her hands
flat on the floor and, through yet more sobs, started begging him to whip her.

"Do me lover .. whip my ass .. make me hot .. make it hurt .. I love it when you
whip me .. your cock gets so hard .. my ass hole will be so hot for you .. your
cock will feel so good when it gets up my ass .. oh god .. make me your slut ..
use me .. use the whip .. make me burn for your cock .."

"You sure?" said Paul "last time you wimped out on me .. all that talk but no
fucking action .. took fucking ages before you realised how good it was."

"Yes, yes, do it .. I want to be hurt .. whip me .. pleeease .. do it hard .. do
it .. I'm not hot enough yet .. make me really hot for your beautiful hard prick
.. hit my ass .. make me burn, baby .. I really want to be hot .. "

"OK, if that's what you want" he said, and he hit her. 

He whipped her ass cheeks so fucking hard I felt the pain myself.  He lashed out
at least ten times without stopping.  Left, right, left - how she was able to
stand it I have no idea.  Her skin was striped red in an instant.  She had
grabbed a cushion and was screaming into it as hard as she could.  I waited for
her to pass out because she didn't seem to be breathing in, just screaming.

Paul stopped.  Breathing heavy.  Again he smiled at me.  He pushed her ass with
his foot as if he was prompting her to say her lines and, right on cue, she
managed to get out some words.

"So hard .. hurts .. oh god .. please .. no more .. oh god it hurts ..  I'm hot
now .. really hot, lover .. do me now .. please .. please lover, fuck my hot ass
hole .."

Her hands came back to her reddened cheeks.  Again they pulled the globes apart
and her hole was on view.  Her finger went in and out of her tight little anus
like a piston as she begged and sobbed and pleaded and cried.

"Nearly ready slut" said Paul.  "Nearly hot enough for some cock .. just three
more and we should be there."

"Nooo .. pleeease .. no more .. oh god .. oh god .. oh please, no more .."

"Spread those cheeks properly and get your fucking horny fingers out of the
way," ordered Paul.

Her voice cracked as she realised what he was saying  "God no .. not that .. not
there .. no .. please .. I can't take it .. please, lover, please .. not there
.. you'll ruin me .. it's agony when you hit me there .. please .. nooooooo .."

But she stretched her ass cheeks so that her tender anal ring was exposed to the
whole fucking world and, of course, to Paul's whip.  God it must have hurt like
fuck.  Three straight whacks.  Each with a pause in between.  Right on her hole. 
Somehow she kept her cheeks apart while he did it.  Her screams were soundless
but the veins in her neck were nearly popping.  Her head jerked from side to
side.  Her body flinched with each stoke of the whip and she nearly collapsed to
the floor, but she kept her anus exposed the whole time.

"There" said Paul, "I think you're hot enough now.  Only thing is, it took so
long to get your useless hole hot enough to fuck that I've got no lubrication
left on my dick, think you can help out?"

She couldn't speak but she turned and tried to suck his cock into her dry mouth.

Now Paul's cock is big, not huge like those porn stars, but 8 inches and pretty
thick.  Try sucking a sweet when the saliva's gone, let alone 8 inches of rock
solid dick.  She tried hard, but failed.  Paul grabbed her face, twisted her
head upwards so her open mouth was facing him, and spat in her mouth, twice.

She didn't cringe, she didn't puke, she didn't even grimace.  All she did was
thank the bastard for gobbing on her.

"Oh lover .. thank you .. help me .. I want to throat you .. to get you really
horny .. let me suck your cock .. I'll make it wet again .."

But two loads of Paul's spit hadn't been enough and she was still failing to get
up a good action on his rod.  I don't often take pity on a slut but I pushed the
dog's water bowl over to her.  Paul laughed as she lapped up the tepid liquid. 
"Fucking great man, that gives me an idea for next time .. hey slut, think you
can work out your next starring role ?" 

Her body slumped as god knows what thoughts went through her head.  But then she
raised her head, reached for his dick, and started a steady sucking motion,
taking him deep in her throat every few strokes.  Her hands were busy too,
cradling his balls, caressing his thighs, gently sliding up his body to rub his
nipples, reaching round to his asshole, doing anything she could think of to
increase his pleasure, and all the time her head was bobbing up and down on his
cock.

My dick was near to bursting but Paul had told me not to do anything and not to
join in until he was done.  So I grabbed another beer, sat back in the chair and
took in the action.


Chapter 2

I hadn't believed him when he had told me about his latest conquest.  "She
fucking hates it" he said "but now that I've got her where I want she begs for
it, takes it every which way I can think of, and then thanks me.  The last
couple of times she's even paid me to do it."

I'd told him he was full of shit and talking bollocks but he persisted and told
me the whole story about how he had seen this woman, her husband and three kids
in the park.  The oldest kid was about 12 while the youngest was probably 7 or
so.  Hubby was a bit of a nerd but the whole happy family picnic scene was like
something from a fucking film.  The woman had attracted him.  He didn't know
quite why because she wasn't flashing her tits, or wearing tight pants or
anything like that, just engrossed in her family.  But she was pretty and had a
good body for a mother of three.

One thing about Paul is that he loves screwing girls who don't want it. 
Sometimes they're prissy little maids, sometimes they're cherry, sometimes
they're engaged or married, sometimes it's in front of their girl friends,
sometimes it's in public.  It doesn't matter why they don't want him to fuck
them, knowing that they hate him fucking them is the one of the best ways for
Paul.

Occasionally, if he's drunk or if it has been a long time since he fucked
someone he will just go for a bog standard rape.  Grab a chick, slap her around
a bit, get your cock up her cunt, and fuck the shit out of her.  I've been with
him on some of those nights but afterwards - when the woman's crying, grabbing
her clothes, running away or lying on the ground begging us not to hurt her or
do it again - afterwards, he just ain't Paul.  He's still grouchy and pissed
off.

Paul prefers to work at it.  The chase is part of the thrill for him.  Setting
it up, making the woman realise he is going to pump her full of cum, watching
her face as it dawns on her that she is going to be fucked no matter what she
does, often without any real violence involved, that's where Paul is at his
best.

So Paul starts to check out this woman and her family.  He follows them home and
from there it is fairly easy to work out names, phone numbers, jobs, routines
and all the little bits Paul loves putting into place.  It took him six weeks
before he struck lucky.  The woman and her youngest kid are shopping, the kid
wanders off a bit in the car park and Paul goes for it.

I'd have grabbed the kid and forced the mother to fuck me to get her child back
safe.  Then I'd probably have fucked the kid as well.  But Paul isn't like that. 
Paul drives his car towards the kid from behind, gets 2 yards away, hits the
horn so fucking hard the whole fucking car park jumps, slams on the brakes,
screeches the tyres and turns left into a brick wall.  The wing of the car is
wrecked, the suspension's fucked and Paul is slumped over the wheel - still
holding down the horn - pretending to have hit his head.  The woman has whirled
round, seen the kid missing from her side, screamed, then seen the kid safe in
the middle of the car lane, and rushed over.

Picture it - it's so fucking neat.  The mother's crying and hugging the kid,
Paul staggers out of the car saying "Is she alright? I tried to miss her. She
came from nowhere. Thank god I was able to pull the car over.  Are you sure
she's OK?".  The mum is gushing over the kid and thanking Paul for missing her,
and the whole fucking car park thinks Paul is a hero.  It even got a paragraph
in the local paper.

So Paul has trashed his car to save her child, and she is so fucking grateful. 
She offers to drive him to the hospital to check out his injuries, she offers to
pay for the damage to the car, she invites him to meet her husband that evening,
and before you can say "fuck" he is a friend of the whole fucking family.  Its
enough to make you puke but Simon and Judy think he is just so nice, and the way
he laughs and gets on with their daughters, Lucy, Tina and little Anna, is just
wonderful.

Paul still doesn't push it.  Sometimes he doesn't see them for a week or two but
in a couple of months he knows loads of shit about the happy family.  The layout
of the house, when hubby is away on business, that Friday afternoons are always
a rush because she has to get the two oldest kids to different places at the
same time and, eventually, he hits the fucking jackpot.  Next Friday hubby is
away for three days and she has to take one kid to some fancy party, another to
some fucking music exam, and the youngest needs to be collected from school, all
at the same time.  Paul offers to collect little Anna from school - no trouble
at all he says, anything to help out he says - and the stupid bitch falls for
it.

I'd have fucked them all by now, but not Paul.  Paul gets the kid from school
and for half an hour, him and Anna are on their own in the home, waiting for
Judy to return.  Paul and the kid play a couple of games.  Paul and the kid play
a blindfold game, seeing if each can guess what the other is doing.  Paul takes
some photos while Anna is blindfolded and Paul has now got all the trumps in his
hand.

Late that night Paul visits the house, Judy is puzzled but lets him in, Paul
shows her the photos.  Little Anna is blindfolded in all of them.  In the first
picture she's on her bed and right next to her hand is a rock solid 8-inch cock. 
In the next photo there's a big hand on Anna's thigh and the cock is only a
couple of inches from her lips.  Then there's one with the kid puckering up her
lips in a pretend kiss as a huge fucking knife is pointing at her throat.  Each
photo shows her vulnerable little daughter about to be the plaything of a
pervert or cut up into little pieces.

The picture show continues while Judy sits unable to move from shock, fear or
maybe just instinct.  Paul lays it on the line.  He could have fucked her kid
but he didn't, he could have killed her little girl but he didn't, Anna knows
nothing about the photos, or even that he had his cock out, but ....

... but next time it will happen.  Paul goes for the jugular.  He tells her that
he knows so much about the whole family that he could grab any of them at any
time, from school, from her car, from their home, from the grandparents' house,
anytime, anywhere.  Paul works on her head, telling her he is really her friend,
but pushing how he is a complete fucking pervert, and most of all making sure
she is aware that he hasn't harmed her children .... yet.  She is so confused
that she starts to lose it, none of it makes sense - Paul is a family friend,
but Paul wants to fuck her kids, but Paul wrecked his car to save Anna, but Paul
could kill her daughters, but Paul has been so nice, but Paul wants to rip her
little girl's ass apart, but her husband really likes Paul, but Paul is a
perverted shit.

Paul just loves fucking with a woman's head.  Judy doesn't know whether to call
the cops or thank Paul for not raping her children.  She starts crying as Paul
keeps working on her and soon his arm is round her and he is comforting her as a
friend would.  Paul starts touching the more interesting bits and she is so
fucking lost in her head that she allows him to feel her tits before she
realises he's the bastard who wants to turn her kids into fuck toys.  She pushes
him away and Paul says that if she won't fuck him, then he may as well do the
girls like he could have done earlier.  In fact, why not fuck them now.

Paul heads for the stairs and the kids' bedrooms, but Judy rushes him.  One
punch is all it takes and she is flat out.  Half an hour later she is awake and
listening to Paul telling her she can't stop him like that.  The only way he
won't fuck her whole family is if she opens her legs for him.  She cries, she
begs him not to, she says she'll phone the cops, she offers him money to get
out, she tries hitting him again but, in less than an hour, Paul has his cock
inside her while she lies flat on her bed staring at the ceiling, not sure if
she is being raped, saving her kids or having an affair.

The whole night is spent with Paul working on her mind and her body, until she
is convinced that she is in too deep, that she has let him fuck her, that she
wanted him to fuck her, that she has been unfaithful, that she is his to do with
as he pleases, that she can't let her husband know, and that she has to save her
children in the only way she can - by keeping Paul's cock busy.

The next two days seal the deal.  The kids find Uncle Paul in the house in the
morning and he tells them Judy is not feeling well.  As it's the weekend Uncle
Paul takes the older two girls to the mall where he leaves them with their
friends, and takes little Anna along for the ride so that their mother can get
some sleep.  Paul is just so fucking cool.  He knew she could go to the cops
while he was away from her, but he knew she wouldn't - not while he had her kids
with him. 

All Saturday he's fucking her body and her mind.  On Sunday they take the kids
out to the park and Paul is so much fun as he plays with the children.  The
girls go and get ice creams, and Paul uses the 15 minute break to rape Judy's
ass in the public toilets.  Her ice cream is his shit covered cock.  So it
continues until Judy doesn't know what's right or wrong, and all the time Paul
is planting the same thought in her head.  She must save her girls from this
fucking bastard and his perverted cock.  

By Monday the whole deal is sealed and Paul also has some insurance just in case
she starts to work out how stupid she is.  A few photos of Judy taking it in all
available holes, and a video that with half decent editing shows her as a
willing partner, and Paul is home and dry.

And now he really goes to town.  Each time he fucks her he introduces more
rules.  Sometimes a 'big' rule like how she must always suck his cock clean
after he has fucked her, sometimes a 'little' rule like calling him "lover", but
every time he fucks her it gets worse and worse for her - and better and better
for Paul.

Every time he turns up at the house she has to be wearing something sexy.  Every
time he suggests something she has to pretend she wants it.  Every time the
perverted bastard fucks her she has to thank him and clean his cock with her
mouth.  Every time he comes into the house she must come on to him, licking his
neck, kissing his face, frenching him, rubbing her tits on his chest, grinding
her cunt against him, and rubbing his cock through his jeans.  And so it goes
on.

As further insurance Paul has by now filmed several fuck sessions, most of which
show her 'enjoying' it, although there aren't many close-ups in these films -
her eyes don't quite seem to be as happy as the other parts of her body.  The
best video was one where he fucked her on the bed next to Lucy (dead to the
world after a couple of sleeping pills) as Judy begs him to take her daughter's
cherry.

Paul doesn't care that she doesn't really mean any of it.  In fact, he loves it
when she is crying buckets and begging at the same time.  He knows that her cunt
is only wet because of the KY she uses when she knows he is coming to the house. 
He knows she has spent at least 5 minutes before he arrives pinching her nipples
to make them hard for him.  He knows that she hates him.  And he knows that
there is not a fucking thing she will do about stopping him.


Chapter 3

She had been throating Paul for nearly five minutes and the slime was drooling
in strings from her mouth, onto her tits, down his balls, on the remains of her
schoolgirl blouse, and onto the floor.

"OK you little ass slut" Paul laughed "time for some good hot fucking .. but ..
oh dear .. you've cooled down a bit .. better re-light that fire."

She was gasping for breath from the face fuck as she hung her head, turned
round, spread those beautiful cheeks again and spat out the words "hit it you
bastard".

"Oh dear, Judy" said Paul, "That's not the right attitude is it?  I think we
should improve on that or else I may have to introduce Lucy to the joys of
fucking"

"Oh god .. you bastard .." she sobbed again and then with a massive effort went
back to the high schoolgirl voice that she had used right at the beginning, when
we had first walked through the door.

"Please whip my ass sir .. please stop me being a bad girl .. I need to be shown
how to be good .. I can't help wanting your cock .. I get so hot and your cock
is so big and hard .. make me really hot so it will be good for you .. please do
it .. do it hard .. pleeease .. pleeease."

So Paul did.  Three more hits right on her anus.  The fucking anal ring was
already swollen and tender from the last beating and in seconds she was
screaming in agony.  There was no way he was going to get his cock up her hole
now.  It was so swollen from the beatings that it wouldn't be possible to get a
pencil in the tight little opening, let alone his dick.  But he knelt down, put
his thumbs either side of the hole, gripped hard on her battered cheeks and
managed to spread it so that perhaps 1/4 inch of tight opening was just visible.

"OK slut, you know what to do, fucking get with it"

She spat on her fingers, reached back and lubed her hole as best she could. 
Then she carefully reached for his cock, held it in her tiny hands and brought
it to her anal ring.  Holding it in place she pushed back and, through her
crying and sobbing, begged Paul as though her life depended on it.

"Now baby .. do it .. push into my ass .. make me your slut .. show me how to
take it .. do it hard .. make it hurt .. fuck me .. please fuck me .. bugger my
sweet little ass with that fucking huge cock .. please lover .. your cock will
feel so good when it rips open my ass hole .. fuck me .. please .. my ass needs
your cock .. "

Paul pushed, she pushed and the head of his dick squeezed an inch into her
beaten and swollen hole.  She screamed again and Paul started to sweat with the
effort.  Then he pulled his dick back out of her ass and watched as her hands
tried to drag it back towards the centre of her pain.

"Do it lover .. please fuck me .. bugger me hard .. don't leave me like this ..
I need your cock in my shit hole .. use me .. make me a cum bucket .. spunk up
my ass .. make it so I can't shit for a week .. please baby .. please .. "

Paul let her pull his cock back into her opening.  The head pushed forward past
the swollen tissue again and, again, he pulled back out.  The pain must have
been almost continuous but Paul didn't give a shit.

"Bugger me .. bugger me .. bugger me .." she was almost chanting as she humped
back on his cock and took the head just inside her anus, time and time again, as
Paul kept easing back to pull it out.  The sensitive head of Paul's dick was
being squeezed so tight by her swollen ring and for Paul it was just exquisite,
but Judy didn't seem to be enjoying it as much.  After 5 minutes Paul couldn't
stand it any more.  He drove his cock hard into her ass and felt the tight walls
encircle his raging prick.  Her swollen ass was clamped round the base of his
dick and the head of his cock was deep in the heat of her bowels.

She gasped in agony, tried to scream but again found her vocal chords wouldn't
work, and screwed her face up tight as Paul thrust into her tender whipped ass
until his balls were banging against her cunt.  Paul didn't move out this time
and you could see her raw ass hole clenching spasmodically around his invading
cock.  She knelt there gasping for a nearly a minute and then, for fuck's sake,
then she only fucking started begging again.

"Oh lover .. that hurts so good .. do it harder .. use my hole .. give me your
cum .. fuck my tight little ass .. show me how to be good .. fuck that cock up
my ass .. make it yours .. do me good, lover .. bugger me .. bugger me hard ..
make me your anal slut .. please use me properly .. don't make me beg any more
.. please fuck my ass .."

Her arms were still stretched back from her efforts to pull his cock into her
and now she moved one hand down between her legs.  I though she was going to
play with her clit to try to ease her pain but I should have known Paul would
have her better trained than that.  She gently cupped his balls and caressed
them with her fingers, and as Paul started to fuck her anus the fingertips of
her other hand were playing with his dick.  Whichever part of his cock was not
in her ass was gently rubbed and caressed by her dainty fingers from the root of
his cock all the way up to the head.  She started to squirm her butt around,
while moaning and mewling sounds came from her lips.  We all knew she was faking
it but we all knew it was one hell of a turn-on for Paul and me.

As Paul reached the point of no return, as his balls contracted and his dick
swelled up even thicker, she was ready.  She gave out the most fantastic
orgasmic gasps and sighs and screams that I have ever heard.  No porn star could
have done it better.  If you hadn't seen her eyes and known the pain she was in,
you would have thought she was coming like a train.  But all the cries of
passion couldn't disguise the crying.  All the begging for more couldn't hide
the hate.  Paul was in heaven.

"... Ooooohhhh Goooodddddd .. aaahhhh ... baby ... so fucking great .. I can't
live without your cock .. ooooooo .. more, more .. fuck me harder .. I love it
.. fuck my ass .. ooohhh lover .. cum in me, baby .. spunk me .. flood my ass
with your cum .. split me in half with your cock .. cum in me .. Gooooooodddddd
.. more .. harder .. fuuuucccckkkk .."

Paul's body clenched hard as time after time his creamy load shot up his prick
into her bowels.  Grunting and groaning and slapping her ass cheeks he finally
subsided as his fantastically trained slut kept her hands caressing his balls,
and tried hard to look like she was enjoying every thrust.

"Oh god, baby .. you're so good .. your cock's so big .. I won't be able to walk
properly for days .. only you can make me cum like that .. can you do me again
.. please say you will .. oh lover .. keep fucking me .."

After a while, Paul let his softening cock slip out of her tortured hole.  As
soon as it left her body she turned round and reached for his slimy dick,
covered in shit and spunk.  She was still begging him to fuck her again, saying
how great his cock was, offering her ass for another buggering, and she only
stopped talking as she sucked his dick between her lips and took it as deep into
her mouth as she could

She worked the cock in and out of her mouth until it was clean, she carefully
licked under the head, checked round his balls, and made sure there wasn't one
piece of her shit left on his dick.  Then she starts giving him a blowjob,
trying to get him hard again, and Paul is just laughing at her efforts. 

"Fuck, you're a slut.  You just can't get enough, can you?  Just a fucking cock
crazed whore.  Well tramp, you going to have to wait.  I can't have all the fun
just for myself.  But because I know how desperate you always are to keep on
fucking, I brought along a spare cock."

Paul nods his head at me and I knew that finally I was going to get some relief
for my aching balls.

"I know how bad it is for you when even my cock can't keep up with your slutty
little holes so, after you've got us a beer, and after you've cleaned yourself
up and sorted out that crap make-up, and if you ask Rob really nicely ... you
can have some of his cock."

She was still sucking Paul's dick but she half turned her head and looked at me
with eyes that were blank.  She had obviously known from the moment that we came
into the house that she was going to get two cocks that day but Paul had told
her to ignore me up to this point.  Now she was going to have to go through this
all over again.

"Hey Rob," said Paul, "anything special you want her to wear or does
'schoolgirl' do it for you as well.  Sluts like this want to please so you can
have your choice of outfits.  Space girl is pretty good, nurse isn't bad, and
there's always hooker, but if you really want a turn-on you should try Roman
slave girl."

I spoke for the first time and my voice was full of lust, "Schoolgirl is great
Paul, I really don't give a fuck, I just want to stick my cock inside her."

"For fuck's sake" said Paul, "you have got to learn some subtlety, 'just want to
stick my cock inside her' is not cool.  Where's your style?  Where's your class,
man?"  He turned to Judy "Where's my beer, ass slut?".

She stood up, got beers for me and Paul and went to the bathroom to fix her
face.


Chapter 4

Paul looked at me, "Well, did I lie or am I just the coolest perverted bastard
in the fucking county?"

"You're cool" I admitted "How the fuck do you get her to do all that.  All that
'whip me' stuff and 'I want your cock up my ass' is just fucking amazing.  How
do you know she won't rip your balls off or try to bite your cock in two - you
can see she hates you."

"Hey man, you're talking to an expert" said Paul "At the beginning she might
have done but now, with all the shit I've got on her, with the videos of her
fucking, and with the hold that I have over her mind because of her kids - man,
she ain't doing anything except taking cock.  Up till now I haven't even touched
her girls but she thinks I will the moment she doesn't do exactly what I want. 
One day those kids will be joining in, but there's no rush.  Might as well get
Judy to go through every last position, perversion and degradation that I can
think of first - and, of course, all the extra bits that she can think of as
well."

"Man, oh man" I said. "But you could rape her kids now.  Fucking hell the young
one's only 6 or 7.  Its years since I had anything that young and sweet."

"No class" said Paul "No class at all.  If you fuck the kids now we lose Judy. 
The kids are the main reason she'll do anything I want.  She is so shit scared
of what I might do to them - will do to them in time - that she is willing to go
along with the whole deal.  You've seen her, she is badly messed up in the head,
she doesn't know what she wants, what she is doing, or whether she hates it or
likes it.  Fuck the kids and her brain may just go walkabout and that's no use
to me.  Anyway, there ain't much difference between 7 year old cunt now or 8
year old cunt next year.  No, I'm in charge of this little party and I call the
shots.  The kids are for later."

He was right.  I could see that getting the whole family slowly involved over
months or even years was better than one or two fantastic nights of fucking
underage cherries.  "OK man, you're the boss," I said.

Paul smiled "I fucking know that," he said.  "Right, you said schoolgirl didn't
you?  Now this part might seem a bit clinical but I want you to write down what
you want her to do.  Anything you want.  What sort of schoolgirl do you fancy? 
13 year old class slut who has fucked all the boys; little scared virgin 12 year
old who has never even heard the words 'cock' or 'cunt', curious 14 year old who
wants to learn but isn't sure, experienced head girl wanting to make sure she
gets good grades, smart-mouthed bad girl who is in trouble but knows how to get
out of her punishment, the choice is yours."

"Fuck ...  Really ...  Write it down." I stammered, "what is this, the fucking
school play?"

"Yeah" said Paul, "that's about it.  Judy's good but she ain't physic.  Remember
you're talking to the master.  I've got her well trained.  She will do anything,
take up any position, make any noise, say any words, play any part, but she
needs an idea of what does it for you.  She's a pretty good actress and she does
elaborate around a theme if you tell her what you want, but I always get so
pissed off if I have to keep stopping fucking to put her on the right track.

For the last few visits I've sent her an email a couple of days beforehand,
setting out roughly what I want.  Sometimes I give her a web site address or a
story to read to get her brain around how I want her to be.  Sometimes I send a
photo or a film which turns me on.  I'm telling you, man, its fucking great. 
Whatever you want, you tell her and one or two days later its there waiting for
you in the flesh."

"OK, OK, I get the idea," I laughed and reached for a piece of paper, "but you
know what I want.  It's what I always want."

As I wrote Paul continued "One of the funniest that I thought of was 'virgin -
well, ex-virgin - struggling home after being gang raped at a party'.  She
hasn't fucked anyone else except me yet, other than her wimpy husband, so I told
her that she must prepare herself using these fucking great dildos I sent her. 
One had those hard rubber spikes all over it and I super-glued strips of coarse
sandpaper to the other.  Fuck man, she had fucked herself raw in both holes by
the time I got started.  Her make-up, hair and clothes were just perfectly
messed up and torn because I sent her a photo of what I wanted from my own
collection.  She had whipped her thighs, tied up her tits with string for two
hours before I arrived, burned herself twice on her belly with a cigarette, put
something like cum on her face, in her hair and up her ass and cunt - god knows
what the 'cum' actually was but it looked fucking good on her - and even put a
cut into one of those puffy nipples of hers.  She managed to get some bruising
on her face by deliberately falling over in the yard the day before and trying
not to save herself with her hands.  Then I made her start the session by going
into the park at night and wandering around for 15 minutes before I met her.  I
was actually hoping she would get raped by someone but she managed to avoid
that.  But she was still a fucking mess when I picked her up.  She really goes
for it man, because she knows that if I'm not happy with her then her kids will
be getting their holes stretched."

Holy shit I thought.  That sounded so good - but I'm crap at fantasy.  I'm not
like Paul.  I don't normally need that shit.  If there's a cunt in front of me,
I fuck it.  But I know what I do like, and I wrote down a few simple
instructions.  I ain't much good at literature but I think I managed to get over
what was required.

'You're a pain slut.  You love pain.  No crying.  And no screaming.  You love
what you are getting and you think of ways to make the pain worse and beg me to
do it.  Before you start, get some things from the workshop that you want me to
use on you.  And bring rubber bands, string, rope, a paddle, a ..'

"Fucking hell, Rob" Paul's voice cut through my thoughts, "hurry up.  You don't
need to write a fucking book.  Just some ideas, that's all, she'll pick up on
them and go with it.  Promise."

Judy came out of the bathroom before I could write any more.

"Hey slut" said Paul, "Rob's got something for you.  Read that and get to work". 
Paul grabbed the paper, glanced at it, laughed out loud and put it in Judy's
hand.

She looked at the words and immediately fell down at Paul's feet, rubbing his
crotch, trying to turn him so that he would fuck her instead.  "Noooo.  No,
Paul.  I can't do this.  It's too much.  He's mad.  I can't.  I can't."

"Oh dear, oh dear.  What shall we do then?" Paul smirked.  "If you can't do what
you're told then we will just have to get someone else to look after Rob.  Who
could we think of?  Did I tell you Rob thinks Lucy is a bit old?  Did you know
that Rob likes then really young and tender?  Rob would fuck babies if he could. 
Shall we let Anna find out about the real world from Rob?  He'd be a good
teacher.  She would never forget what he taught her."

Fuck, I wanted her to sacrifice her daughter.  Paul was right.  Young cunt is
the best cunt.  And young cunt in pain is even better.

"Paul, pleeease.  Fuck me again now.  We don't need him.  It's you I'm doing it
for.  I only want you.  I only want you and your beautiful cock.  Just you and
me, lover.  You don't want other men to spunk in my holes.  I want to save
everything just for you.  Come on, baby," she started undoing his zip.  "Fuck me
again.  Whip me, then piss in my mouth.  Fuck my ass again.  It's so tender now
you'll love it.  It'll hurt me so much.  I'll do anything for you.  I'll lick
your ass.  I'll eat your shit.  I'll do anything for you but don't give me to
other men.  Please fuck me, lover.  Don't make me a whore.  Please."

It was a good try, but she didn't know Paul.  Paul has always been happy to
share.  Once he was sort of engaged to a girl for a while.  Then he got pissed
off with her about something and started handing her round to the guys.  She
thought they were being really cool and trendy, and that 'swinging' was sooo
exciting.  It took her a month until she realised he wasn't doing it for kicks. 
He was doing it for money -  10 for one hole, 20 for all three.  If it's a hole
you can fuck, Paul doesn't care if its been used by someone else.  In fact, he
sometimes prefers it that way.

Paul stopped laughing. "I know you're just a slut who needs cock all the time,
but you're pissing me off.  My friend has told you what to do.  Fucking do it. 
Or do we wait for Anna to come home from school?  You've got 10 seconds to
decide."

"Oh god, no."  She cried.  "Not Anna, she's only 7.  She'd die."

"5 seconds, cunt.  Oh, and Rob would probably enjoy that too.  Nothing like
sticking a knife in her chest and getting her to choke up blood to improve a
blowjob.  Times up.  What's it to be?"

"You bastards.  You fucking, fucking bastards."  She got up and you could see
the defeat in her eyes.  "I'll be back in a minute.  I've got to get some things
from the workshop."


Chapter 5

Ten minutes later she walked back in the room.  I thought she'd done a runner
but Paul was confident she wouldn't have the nerve.  He was right.  He always
is.

Somehow she had composed herself.  She still wore the schoolgirl outfit because
she hadn't been told to change.  She had re-done her make-up and there was no
sign of the tears that had streaked her face earlier.  Her eyes were still red
but she now smiled at us both and she nearly fooled me into thinking that she
was for real.

"Hi" she said, in that fantastic schoolgirl voice she had almost perfected,
"I've been waiting for some real men to come over.  I need some special
treatment but it's so difficult to get it from the useless fat wimps that pick
me up after school.  All they want is to play with fresh pussy and get their
cocks sucked.  I've heard that you really know how to .." she paused to give the
words greater effect, ".. how to 'look after' a poor defenceless little girl
like me."

She laid a small bundle on the table and slowly unwrapped the cloth surrounding
it.  "My woodwork teacher at school says that I'm not very good with tools, "she
giggled wickedly, "but he doesn't know me very well.  I like all kinds of tools
and I'm very good at handling them, even some of the bigger ones, but I'm not
sure what these are.  I found them both in the workshop.  Could you men show me
how to use them properly?  I'm a very willing pupil and I'd love it if you could
give me a personal demonstration."

I couldn't think what she would bring to her own torture session.  The image of
her standing in the workshop carefully selecting tools for me to use on her body
went through my mind and my cock pulsed again.  She moved round the table and
knelt down beside me, placing a hand on the inside of my thigh while her tit
pushed against my leg.  Her other hand reached under the cloth on the table and
pulled out the first of her torture implements.

"Holy fuck" was all I could say.  She had actually done it.  She was gently
rubbing the inside of my thigh, gazing into my eyes, and asking me to
demonstrate the correct use of a carpet stapler.  She had gone and got a fucking
carpet stapler for me to use on her body.  I hadn't told her what to get and I
didn't really know what I thought she was going to bring back from the workshop
.... but for fuck's sake ... a fucking carpet stapler ....  this was fucking
unreal.

I still can't believe that Paul had her that well trained.  All these years
later I'm still not sure that she wasn't somehow enjoying this shit.

She kept going.  "My tits get all tingly when I see a big tool like this in a
real man's hands," She licked her lips as she gazed up at me, "does that mean
the tool has got something to do with my tits?  Look at them .." she pulled open
the blouse to show her breasts with the nipples rock hard.  "My nipples always
throb when I hold this tool and I don't know why.  Can you show me?"

Her left hand was now rubbing my cock through my jeans while her right hand
caressed the stapler.  I was going to lose it very soon.  I had been watching
Paul whip her, face fuck her and bugger her for nearly two hours.  I hadn't cum
in a week anyway and being the private audience to Paul's abuse of this willing
slut had kept my cock at maximum hardness.

It was no use.  Before we went any further I had to cum.  I thought I'd try some
of Paul's fantasy stuff and see if it worked.  I'm no actor, but I can remember
lots of bits from films and things.  OK so they're porno films.  Is it my fault
my education was a bit limited?

"Look tramp," I said "You know you're supposed to address me as 'sir'.  This
isn't the first time you've blatantly disregarded the rules.  You will be
punished."

She got into her part immediately.  Paul had done one hell of a job on her. "Oh
sir, I'm sorry, I try to remember but I keep forgetting because my body is
always hot.  My nipples get so hard I can't remember things.  I try to
concentrate in class but my cunt gets all wet.  Perhaps if you punish me I will
be better.  Would you punish me?  Please sir."

"Yes" was all I could say - I told you I wasn't an actor.  "Get on the table. 
On your back."

She obeyed immediately and lay there waiting for my next move.  I got her to lay
with her head over the edge of the table, her knees bent and her feet wide
apart.  Her blouse was wide open and I pulled her skirt up to her waist to
expose her cunt.  "Get my cock out and suck on it as I punish you".  I realised
I was shouting with the excitement, and it struck me that even in a porno movie
my lines would sound pretty crap.  But I was so hot.  She opened my fly and
released my throbbing dick.

Gently jacking me off with one hand, she licked my cock head while she used her
other hand to cradle my balls.  Making an 'O' with her lips she slowly sucked
the end of my cock in and out of her mouth, while licking all round the head. 
Fucking heaven, man.  I was having trouble keeping up with the plot.  I could
have cum just letting her caress my dick with her tongue but I managed to hold
back.  Reaching for the whip Paul had used earlier I tapped her thighs apart.

"Right, you disobedient slut, this is should help you remember to call me sir."
I said and raising my arm, I sliced the whip down on her inner thigh.  She
flinched and her legs snapped shut to try to protect her tender thighs, while
her mouth gaped open.  I may not be an actor but this was something I was really
good at.  As her mouth opened to scream I drove my cock into her throat.  The
invading rod of hard flesh made her gag and she tried to push me away.

I moved back, my cock was desperate to cum but I wanted more.  "If you even
think of not taking my cock all the way into your throat, or of closing your
legs or doing anything that pisses me off you will be expelled from the school
and I will train Anna to take your place."

My words reached deep into her mind and the reaction was almost immediate.  Her
legs opened so wide I though her cunt would split.  You could see the sinews
standing out at the top of her thighs.  She begged for forgiveness.  "Oh sir,
I'm just a bad girl.  I need to be punished.  Show me how to be a good girl for
you.  I'll be much better than Anna.  Keep me as your special girl.  If I'm
punished properly I won't forget.  Don't use Anna.  Please give me another
chance, sir.  Whip me hard so that I don't forget.  Use my tits as well.  Punish
my nipples.  It will help me to remember even better if you work on my tits,
sir.  Try putting your cock in my mouth again now, sir."

She pulled my raging hard-on back into her mouth as far as it could go.  One
hand returned to my balls while the other snaked its way between my legs and her
finger, moistened as she had been pleading for torture, pushed its way up my
asshole.

I slashed down with the whip again and again, marking the sensitive flesh on her
thighs.  She writhed beneath me but kept slurping my cock in and out of her
mouth as her hand worked its sensual dance on my balls and my prostate was
gently tickled by her fingernail.  I reached for her puffy nipples with my free
hand and twisted hard as my hips punched my cock into her throat.

I desperately wanted to whip her cunt but I couldn't get the right angle until I
bent over her body and slammed my dick so far down her neck that her nose was
squashed against my body.  I was going to cum any second.  I held my cock in her
throat as I whipped her moistened cunt lips.  Her legs snapped shut as the first
hit struck home, but immediately she forced herself to part them again.  Her
vulnerable hole was laid bare for me to smash down again without mercy. 

Her attempts to scream around my invading cock, her twisting body, her gagging
throat and that finger in my asshole sent me over the top.  I spewed huge globs
of spunk down her throat.  I had been rock hard for over two hours with sperm
boiling up in my balls.  Now that it was released it seemed like I was spurting
forever.  My aim went to pieces as my exploding cock took over my brain and I
whipped frenziedly at her cunt, legs, belly, tits, anything I could reach.

Slowly my orgasm passed.  I stood there trembling as I regained my strength. 
Judy was limp beneath me.


Chapter 6

"I think you had better take your cock out," said Paul "suffocating her now
would be an awful waste."

He was right.  My softening dick was still wedged into her throat and it was
must have been two or three minutes since her last breath.  I pulled out and
slapped her face to bring her round.  She gasped awake, retched, and rolled off
the table onto the floor where she knelt with her body heaving as she coughed
and spluttered drool and spunk onto the carpet.

I kicked her in the side and sat down to recover from my efforts.  "Enjoy that,
you little pain slut?  Don't worry - there's plenty more to come.  I just had to
get rid of that load from my balls before they burst.  Now I can concentrate on
hurting you properly.  Is that what you want?"

She coughed one last time and wiped her mouth.  Slipping back into the character
she knew she had to play she answered as best she could.  "Oh please, sir. 
Please punish me properly.  Please make sure I learn all my lessons well."

I picked up the string she had brought from the workshop.  Tying a slipknot in
one end I placed it over her tit and told her to pull her nipple outwards so
that I could get the string round the meat of her breast.  Pulling tight on the
string I wrapped it round her tit as tightly as I could several times and then
tied another knot to hold it in place.  Repeating this action on her other tit
got them standing to attention in no time.  The colour of her taut flesh was
beginning to change to pink as I took two rubber bands and looped them round the
base of her nipples as many times as I could.  She just knelt there and let me
work on her body, as her face alternated between grimaces of pain and false
smiles.

"There, that's got some of the preparation work out of the way.  Let's see what
else you've got in the bag" I said.

She turned back to the table, rubbing her rock hard tits against my thigh.  Her
hand gently fondled my limp slimy cock as I waited for her humiliation to
continue.

"I haven't seen these used before," she said as she pulled a pair of G-clamps
from underneath the cloth on the table, "and I don't know what I should do with
them.  I'm sure that they could be really nasty if they were in the wrong hands. 
But if someone with the proper experience was to show a little girl like me what
to do, I'm sure I would never forget the lesson."

Fucking hell.  She was really good.  My cock was starting to recover already and
it seemed that I should start the lesson now.  "Yeah,"  I said.  "These are
special clamps to give you nice hard tits.  You won't need no 'push-up' bra with
these babies.  And once they're on you've got the added bonus of a couple of
good handles for me to grip onto.  Come here, give me your tits and I'll show
you how they work."

She swallowed hard and sat up on the floor and put her hands behind her head to
thrust her breasts towards me.

"I'd love to have big firm tits like those models, sir." she pouted "You've
already made my breasts much better than they were and I love the colour, but I
would be so grateful if you maker them even bigger.  Will these clamps really
make my tits push out hard so that I can show them off to the boys?  I hope they
hurt as well.  When my tits hurt my nipples get really hard and my cunt gets so
wet and I get all tingly.  I like that.  Can you make my tits hurt, sir.  Please
do it, sir."

I reached down and positioned the clamp ends around the underside of her left
tit, and started to turn the screw.  As it squeezed her flesh from underneath
the top of her breast began to stand even further out from her chest and even
though the rubber band round the nipple was cutting off the blood supply, the
pressure of the clamp forced the bud to become even more engorged.  Once the
clamp was attached firmly enough to hold on its own, I placed the other clamp on
her right breast and repeated the action.

"Oh god, that hurts, sir." she moaned the words with a sweet tone as if she was
getting her clit licked, instead of having her tits tortured. "Do it some more
please.  My tits look so lovely when they push out like that.  All the boys will
love them, sir.  I'd love to get the football team to look, and if they get even
bigger I'm sure they would pay attention to me."

"Don't you worry, you little fuck slut.  They'll be lots bigger before we
finish.  All the boys will be wanting to get their hands on them.  And the more
they grab and maul them, the more they will hurt."

She had moved both hands to my cock and was gently jacking it back to rock
hardness.  One hand at the base and the other gently encircling the head.  I
started tightening the clamps, sometimes together, sometimes separately so that
one tit got bigger than the other before I evened up the pressure again.  The
clamps were squeezing her already swollen breasts from beneath, taking her flesh
to a hardness that was like bone.  The nipples were so rigid I wasn't sure if I
would be able to squeeze them to increase her agony.  Fucking hell, she was a
sight.  The two G-clamps hanging from beneath her breasts, the dark red colour
of her skin, the distorted shape of her tits and the throbbing nipples that
seemed to be pulsing visibly, made her look like some masochistic cartoon from a
porno computer game.

The whole time she kept on talking.  I reckoned it was to stop herself crying. 
If she could keep thinking up words to go with the show then she could try to
ignore the pain.  If she stopped to think about what was happening she would
realise the full extent of the agony she was going through.

"Oh, they're really getting big now, sir.  And they hurt so much.  Hurt so good. 
My cunt's all wet.  My cunt juices are starting to drip down my thighs.  You're
a real expert, sir.  Will you keep showing me how to look good?  Look at my
nipples.  They're huge.  I hope they don't burst.  The boys will love my tits
like this.  But they do hurt so much.  I'll let the boys feel them and then they
will like me.  They might let me get their cocks out if I let them play with my
tits.  My cunt needs cocks to stop the tingling feelings.  Would you help me,
sir?  Please help my cunt.  It needs to be rubbed.  Please, sir, please rub my
cunt while you squeeze my tits."

My cock was getting really hard again as I reached the limit that I could turn
the clamp screws.  The clamps just wouldn't squeeze the flesh any tighter, and I
knew the bruising would be with her for weeks.  The thought of how her tits
would look in the morning sent another quiver through my cock, which she still
gently caressed.  I hoped Paul would let me come back again soon so I could work
on those bruises.

I ignored her pleas for relief for her hot cunt and sat back to study her body. 
"OK slut, lesson one is over.  That's the best way to use G-clamps.  Now its
time for lesson two.  Let's show you how to use a stapler."


Chapter 7

"You're doing good, slut," said Paul, who was sitting watching as he stroked his
hard cock, "Keep it up and maybe Lucy won't be joining us ... just yet."

She smiled gratefully at him as she stood up, straddled my legs and reached down
for my raging hard-on.  Her right hand stroked it some more and then edged it
into position at the lips of her dripping cunt.  She may not have been a real
pain slut, but I've never come across any woman whose pussy didn't juice up when
her tits were as engorged as hers.

"Oh sir, I so want your cock to help me.  Please take me.  You'll love it in my
warm box.  I can squeeze you so well if your cock is in my pussy.  Mr Paul has
taught me how to make it really good for you.  You won't even have to move. 
I'll do all the work.  I promise you'll love it, sir.  Please let me have your
cock.  My cunt is dying for it.  Please sir.  Pretty please .."

Shit.  This woman was something else.  Her tits were now going beyond dark red
to a deep purple shade.  In half an hour or so they would be permanently
damaged.  Her nipples were like fucking bullets as they brushed against my
chest.  Her asshole had been whipped and fucked.  She had been throating cock on
and off for two hours.  Her cunt lips were swollen from the beating I'd dished
out only moments before. 

But in spite of the pain, in spite of the threat to her children, and in spite
of her desperate need for relief, the little slut was teasing me.  Her hand
moved my cock head backwards and forwards through the dripping lips of her cunt,
and on every stroke she managed to get some small relief by rubbing her clit.  

"If you fuck me I'll beg you to use the stapler.  Please help me, sir.  My cunt
really needs you and I want to show you how much I've learned.  You've taught me
so much already and it's only fair that I repay you.  You'll love it, sir.  I'll
show you such a good time if you'll only stick your beautiful cock inside me. 
Please, sir.  Please do me, sir.  If you cum inside me I'll let you show me how
to use any tools you want.  I'll have to scream when you do, but I know you
won't mind because you're such a wonderful teacher.  Please, sir.  Fuck me.  You
know you want to.  Please, please."

There was no way I could resist.  My cock was rock hard again and her pleading
and teasing had me almost begging to be fucked.  I was so far gone I didn't seem
to be in control anymore.  At that moment she was the master and if she had told
me to beg, I would have.

"Alright, slut, fuck that cock." was all I could manage to say, and she slowly
slid down my throbbing shaft until I was in to the hilt.  She was burning
inside.  It felt like my cock had entered molten lava.  Her gasp of pleasure at
the first real relief she had received since we had arrived that morning was
genuine, but she didn't start to fuck herself on my rod or even push her clit
down onto me to increase her pleasure.  Instead she put all her effort into
giving me pleasure.  I sat back in the chair and felt the ripples of ecstasy as
her cunt began to squeeze and release my cock.

As she clenched and gripped my dick with her hot pussy she reached back, picked
up the stapler and started to suck the handle.  Now, 'woman sucking stapler' is
not normally a big turn-on for me, but right then, knowing what I was going to
do to her later, it was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen.  Again my mind was
blown away by what this slut was doing.  She wasn't only letting me hurt her,
she wasn't just participating in her own torture, she was fucking organising the
whole thing.  And yet from her earlier performance and the way she had begged
Paul not to let me near her, I was certain she wasn't doing any of it willingly.

God knows what Paul had done to her mind.  How he had managed to enslave her to
this extent I couldn't understand.  Years later I told the story to a woman I
fucked on a fairly regular basis and she said that it was because she was
protecting her kids.  Women are like that - just stupid sluts, I suppose.

Her lips sucking the stapler, the slut look on her face, the vision of what was
going to happen to her in the next few moments and the incessant contractions of
her cunt walls on my cock sent me over the edge again.  I grabbed her tits and
mauled them as hard as I could as my spunk jetted deep into her cunt.  Wave upon
wave of pleasure hit me as her sweet body milked everything I had in my balls. 
Her screams of agony as I worked over her tits and swollen nipples, just added
to the fire as my painslut got what she wanted.

The sweat was pouring off me as my breathing returned to normal.  I had hardly
moved physically but the orgasm had been so intense that I was having trouble
getting my mind back on track.

I slowly squeezed her purple rock hard tits as I came back down to earth.  "Suck
it, bitch," I said.  I was back in control and I still had to finish her
lessons.

She climbed off my dick, put down the stapler and knelt between my legs.  Her
mouth immediately engulfed my slowly softening cock and gently sucked her cunt
juice off.  Backing off and lifting my cock so she could lick down to my balls,
she sighed as though she had been the one to have all the fun.  "Thank you, sir. 
Oh thank you, thank you.  That was wonderful, sir.  You're so good at fucking. 
I'll tell all the girls in class how good you are.  I'll get them so jealous
they'll all want to be fucked by you.  Thank you, sir, thank you .."


Chapter 8

Paul and I sat back and relaxed.  The only sound was the slut's mouth slurping
away on my dick.  Paul pointed to his watch and mouthed "One hour.  Kids. 
Home".  I realised that we would have to hurry if the last part of the session
was going to be as enjoyable as the rest.  Paul had told me that her children
knew nothing of their mother's double life.  Paul was still 'nice Uncle Paul' to
the girls and, for now, that's how he wanted it to stay.  Whether her wanker of
a husband knew what was going on Paul didn't care, although it was difficult to
believe that he didn't notice the whip marks and bruises.

"Right slut," I said, "back on that table only bent over it on your belly this
time."

"Oh sir," she moaned, licking my prick as she tried to keep it in her mouth,
"please let me keep sucking your cock.  It's so beautiful.  So big.  So good for
a little girl like me"

She was wasting time.  She may have got the stapler but she knew what it would
do to her flesh if I used it.  One more cum from my well used cock and she
probably reckoned she would be safe.  There wouldn't be much time before her
children came home and she knew Paul always allowed her to change and compose
herself before the girls came through the door.  If only she could delay the
last act of this play she might get away without the final agonies I wanted to
inflict on her body.

Her only problem was that both Paul and I knew this and we weren't going to let
the climax of the show pass out of our reach.

I grabbed her hair and pulled her off my cock.  I reached for the whip that was
on the table and slashed it down onto her tits.  Her hands shot forward to try
to protect her swollen breasts from any more pain.  Her scream was deafening.

"You fucking little piece of shit." I shouted  "You will do what you are fucking
told and do it now.  Move those fucking hands or I'll fucking cut them off.  Put
them behind your head.  And stop that bawling.  If you can't remember what you
are meant to be doing then perhaps I'll get that fucking little Anna to remind
you.  When my cock breaks into her sweet tight virgin ass I will be telling her
that it's only happening because her useless fucking slut of a mother couldn't
carry out a simple fucking instruction.  Now get on that fucking table."

Her hands moved away from her throbbing breasts and she placed them on the back
of her head.  I still held her tight by her hair as I continued to shout at her.

"Stick those fucking tits out, slut, and see if you can guess what to say next. 
No second chances.  Say the wrong thing and you lose a tit and Anna gets my
cock.  Come on, bitch.  You've been slut-talking all fucking day.  Now you're
really going to beg or you're dead.  What do you fucking want?"

"God .. please, please .. no .. please .. I .. I can't .. I .."

She was losing it.  Perhaps the suffering was too much even for her.  The strain
she had been under for most of the day was coming to a head and she was reaching
the point where the pain was driving her over the top."

"I .. please .. no .. I .. want .. no .. no more .. please .. please .."

Shit, I thought.  Oh well.  Might as well finish her off and wait for the kids. 
We could have some serious fun with three young cunts and from what Paul had
said her husband would be easy to subdue when he got home.

Paul had other thoughts.  He hadn't worked on this bitch for months to let an
unthinking bastard like me fuck it up.  Sometimes I wonder why he lets me join
in with some of his fun.  He leant forward and whispered in her ear.

"Calm down, Judy, it's only a bit of pain.  You can do it.  Just a bit of fun
for Paul and his mate.  It'll be over soon ... but he does mean it.  He's
already done time for rape and only just avoided a murder charge.  Think it
through.  A little bit more pain and the girls will be safe.  If he gets his
hands on Anna she won't live through the night.  Only you can save her, and you
are doing really well so far.  Don't make a mess of it know.  It would be so
pointless.  Think of what you've been through already.  It would have been for
nothing.  One last effort and it will be over.  The girls will be safe.  We'll
have gone.  And you know that your body will recover.  Come on Judy, you can do
it."

Paul was hitting all the right buttons.  If he ever wanted to stop being a
pervert I'm sure he'd be a major success as a sports coach, urging his team on
as they go out for the last quarter when they're 15 points down.

She gulped in air and managed to stop crying.  You could see her brain working
it through as Paul looked at me and silently indicated that I should do nothing
for the next couple of minutes.  I stood still, holding her hair in one hand,
the whip in the other.  And then it came.

She clasped her hands tight together behind her head, pushed her tits forward,
looked up at me and pleaded for more agony.

"Please sir .. please sir .. please could you whip me .. please .. please whip
my tits .. I'd love it if you could hurt them some more .. it will make you hard
again, sir .. please use my tits for your pleasure .. they're yours .. hurt them
.. whip them .. please .."

Paul stood up, smiled, winked at me and said "Well if that's what she wants
...."

I didn't hesitate.  The whip came crashing down on her exposed breasts.  The
stretched, vulnerable flesh showed the marks immediately and small droplets of
blood oozed from the stripes that lined up across her poor tortured mounds.  I
gave each tit five strokes with the whip as she cried out in pain.  Each gasp of
agony was cut short as she desperately tried to keep her sanity and her
children's innocence.

"OH GOD .. Oh .. please .. more .. hit me again .. the pain's so good ..
OOOOOHHHHHH .. yes .. harder .. please .. please .. AAARRRGGGGHHHH .. it's ..
it's .. it's so good, sir .. please .. more .."

Fuck knows how she kept it up, but she did, and in response my cock started to
harden yet again.  I pulled her up from her kneeling position by her hair and
pushed her towards the table.

"Bend over it, slut, now." I ordered her, and she obediently got into position
with her hips tight up against one end of the table.  Her swollen tits, still in
the grip of the clamps, stopped her lying flat but that wasn't a problem to me. 
I picked up the carpet stapler and walked to where her nipples were touching the
tabletop.

"Now, slut, " I said as I looked into her eyes "the final lesson might make you
move about a bit, so I think now is the time that we should show you exactly how
to use this tool.  It's a stapler.  It's used for fixing things down.  What
could we fix down with these?"

Her eyes were blank, and although she tried to use the right slutty words she
was obviously struggling again.  Also, for the first time she didn't come up
with the right answer.  I mean, fucking silly cow, it was fucking obvious, but
the stupid slut obviously wasn't thinking straight.  Perhaps she had something
else on her mind. 

"My hands, sir." she said "If my hands were fixed down then I couldn't move and
I would be nice and still for the last lesson."

"God you're a dumb fuck" I laughed.  "If your hands are fixed down what's going
to hold your ass open when I bugger you.  You don't think I'm going to touch
your butt, do you?  My hands are going to be busy elsewhere.  No wonder you're
bottom of the fucking class.  I bet Anna would have got the answer right."

She began to cry.  It wasn't the pain, although that must have been
excruciating.  It wasn't the prospect of the new agonies that were going to be
hers in a very short time.  It was the humiliation.  Of all the pathetic things
to blub about when your body is being used as a DIY demonstration, she was
fucking crying because we thought she was more stupid than her little baby
daughter.  I told you women were stupid.

"Arch your back so your chest is pushed forward" I told her.  "That's right.  I
want to see your stomach flat on the table, the clamps touching the table, your
head up and those nipples as close as possible to the table top.  Now, because
you're a stupid slut who knows fuck all, I'm going to have to do this lesson
twice.  Ready bitch?"

I don't think she had actually worked out what was about to be fixed down to the
table.  To be honest, I'm not sure her brain could hold any thought for longer
than a few seconds without being distracted by the searing fire coming from her
tits.  Paul knew, of course, and moved forward to hold her hands tightly up
behind her head, pushing her tits out even further.

I put the stapler in position on her swollen nipple and squeezed the trigger. 
As the staple speared through her engorged teat into the table three things
happened.  My cock took a massive lurch upright - I couldn't believe how turned
on I was so soon after my last cum, Paul dropped his body onto hers to prevent
her pulling away, and she went fucking ballistic.  She desperately tried to
wrench herself free from the searing torment that lanced through her brain from
her raw, swollen, hypersensitive nipple.  Her screams were music to our ears. 
Her hands and arms nearly escaped from Paul's strong grip as she frantically
attempted to reach for her white hot, pain filled nipple to somehow ease her
suffering.

"Lesson one." I said, and grabbed her hair to raise her head and shoulders back
up off the table.  Placing the stapler carefully on her other teat I repeated
the act of torture.  Her reaction was only slightly less than the first time.

"Lesson two.  Do you understand, slut?  Are you learning?"  I smiled into her
face. "Have you learnt what this tool is for?  Remember, if you try to move you
will rip your nipples open.  They will be sliced apart.  And no amount of
surgery will sew them back together.  Right now they're just punctured - people
pay to have their nipples pierced and that's what you just got.  Of course, not
many people have a table as a nipple decoration, most people go for a ring but
then, most people aren't stupid little fuck-toy pain-sluts.

Her reddened eyes stared back at me.  "Y .. Yes .. sir .. I understand .. I
won't move .. I promise .. please get it over with .. please .. "

"Good girl.  Now, the final lesson is coming up and I don't want to hear any
backchat.  Understand?"

"Yes sir.  I'll be good and learn my lessons.  Please show me what to do. 
Please do it now.  Please make it end."

I moved to the other end of the table.


Chapter 9


Paul kept hold of her hands behind her back as she dropped her head and tried
desperately not to move her breasts which were now just balls of pain.  She
could no longer distinguish between the different types of agony that came from
her breasts.  She had no thoughts left in her head about which part of her tits
hurt worst.  The bindings round her tits, the rubber bands on her nipples, the
cuts left by the whipping, the pressure of the clamps, or the final stapling of
her nipples to the table.  All she knew was the unending agony from her purple,
swollen tits.  The tiniest movement, a sob in her throat, Paul re-adjusting his
grip on her hands, even her own breathing caused more waves of searing anguish
to erupt in her tortured flesh.

"That's not going to work," Paul said, "I want your head up so I can use your
mouth.  Hold on a second, Rob, just let me get that rope and I'll sort her out
at this end.  Don't start your fun down there at her ass until I've got the slut
properly trussed."

He let go of her arms and grabbed the rope.  He grabbed the two bunches of hair
at the side of her head that were still trying to give her a schoolgirl look,
and tied them and the rope together.  He jumped onto the table and looped the
rope over the pretend chandelier light over the table and then tied it off.  Her
head was now stretched upwards with her tits nailed to the table.

"Don't pull too hard, slut," he warned her as he gripped her arms again, "the
light won't take too much strain and you'll have a problem explaining to hubby
how it got pulled out of the ceiling.  OK, Rob, seems like we're all ready at
this end.  Off you go."

I stood between her legs and kicked her feet further apart.  Reaching down I
roughly forced two fingers up her sloppy cunt and played around for a short
while.  Her cunt was still aroused with the entrance folds puffed up and
begging.  She didn't have a clue what was about to happen as I carefully took
one of her cunt lips and placed it against the edge of the table.  The staple
gun fired its steel pain-maker through the soft flesh into the table.  Before
the agony really hit her I did a second fixing to make sure that she was really
secure.

She jerked massively and tried to scream but, just like earlier, we had got her
to the point where her vocal chords didn't seem to be working correctly. 
Panting frantically as she realised that any movement caused torment beyond her
understanding, she tried to keep her body still.

"Hey slut," I said, "Nearly there now.  Just got to fix the other side of your
pussy, give you a bit of a fucking and then its over.  But you've been slacking. 
I haven't heard any begging or slut-talk from you for fucking ages.  If we're
going to put all this effort into giving you what you want, the least you can do
is to join in."

"Uuuhhh .. uuhh .. oh god .. noooo .. pleeease .. please .. "

"No more warnings, slut.  Either you start to get with it or I'm going to enjoy
every hole Anna's got.  Which is it to be ?  Either you start loving it and tell
us all about it, or Anna becomes a fuck-bunny."

"Oh no .. please .. please .. no .. I can't .. I can't take any more .. it's too
much .. it hurts so much .. pleeease, no .. I .. I .. "

"Fucking great." I laughed "Paul, is this under-age piece of tail blond or
brunette.  I can't fucking wait.  How old is she?  Seven?  Eight?  God they
scream so good at that age when I bust their cherries.  Its amazing how they
have different screams for a busted cunt cherry and a busted ass cherry.  And
when those torn pre-teen lips and crying mouth try to clean the shit off my cock
it always makes me hard again.  Who needs this fucked up old slag anyway?  Juicy
fresh cunt is going to be mine tonight."

"Noooo .. noooo .. please .. fuck me .. don't fuck Anna .. please do me .. I'll
do it .. I'll do it .."

There was a long pause and then she was back on the case.

" .. Please sir .. fix my cunt properly .. use me .. whip me .. fuck me ..
bugger me .. teach me to be good .. fuck me again .. my cunt needs to be fucked
.. my tits hurt so much .. it's lovely .. all this pain .. give me more .. give
me your cock, sir .. please staple my cunt so I don't move .. please do it ..
pleeeease .."

I reached down to her cunt, placed the other fold against the table and fired
the gun twice more.  She jerked as the staples spiked through her flesh but kept
talking through her pain.

" .. AAARRRGGGHHH ... oh, sir .. so good .. so .. hurts so much .. more .. oh
god .. give me more .. use my cunt .. use me .. oh god .. fuck me .."

"Nearly right, slut.  But it's not your cunt I want.  I've already had that
today.  I think I'll take some asshole now.  So, if you would care to reach back
with those pretty little hands and make sure that I can see what I'm aiming at,
we can all start to enjoy ourselves."

She moved her arms slowly back to her buttocks, trying not to move her body
against the agonising fixings at her cunt and nipples.  Grasping her cheeks, she
spread her ass wide for its second invasion of the day.

Paul walked round to join me and take in the view.  Her head was stretched
upwards by the rope, and her neck muscles were straining around her throat. 
When Paul began to shaft her mouth it would be easy to penetrate to his full
depth.  Blood still trickled slowly from the whip marks on her breasts, which
were now swollen to an unnatural size.  Rock hard and now almost black, her
tortured tits were fixed firmly to the table by the staples through her nipples. 
The teats seemed to be slowly pulsating as little rivulets of blood oozed from
the holes where the steel had fired it way through her precious buds.

Through the remains of her blouse and skirt, which had been partly whipped and
torn during the torture session, her body shone with sweat as if it had been
oiled and her hands had difficulty gripping her ass cheeks which still bore the
marks of the beating Paul had given her.  Her feet, held at their unnatural,
pointed angle by the stiletto heeled shoes that she still wore, were stretched
wide apart.  Her thighs were striped with the whipping I had enjoyed so much and
her exposed cunt was swollen and glistening.  The lips of her pussy now
stretched wide apart and cruelly stapled to the table edge.  Her swollen,
vulnerable, beaten asshole was being exposed by her still unmarked hands, ready
for my cock to add to her own private hell.

"Not bad," said Paul.  "Not subtle, but not fucking bad.  I should bring you
along more often.  It's good to get more variety don't you think, slut?  Now, as
you seem to be very short on saliva again, I'll just get a bit of juice on my
cock so that it doesn't hurt when it rams down your pretty little neck."

I stepped back as he moved between her thighs and slid his dick straight up her
cunt.  I picked up the whip and waited for my turn.  She hardly moved as he
pumped her pussy a few times before withdrawing and walking round to her face.

"Lucky girl," he smiled down at her, "Not just cock, but cock with extra
flavour.  Your love juice, some old spunk and a bit of blood to finish it off. 
Now lets see how good you are at getting a final load out of my balls.  Anything
you want to say before we start?"

Some of her enthusiasm had gone but the words still came out about right.  "Oh
god .. please .. fuck me .. both of you .. finish it .. I want you to cum in me
.. please .. do it quickly .. do it now .. fuck me .. use me .. "

Paul slid his cock into her mouth and thrust forward.  He was in her throat with
only one shove and then he started to slowly fuck her face.  I pushed my dick
into her gaping cunt to get the lubrication that I was going to need, then
pulled back and waited until Paul was in to the hilt.  Her ass seemed to be
begging for it as I smashed the whip down onto her poor raw hole, just as Paul
had done earlier.  Paul's face told me that the gagging sensation it forced from
her throat as she tried to scream around his invading cock was sending him into
ecstasy.

Her hands somehow maintained their grip on her buttocks as I hit her pouting
anus twice more.  Then I couldn't stand it any more.  My cock took over from my
brain and almost dragged itself into her tortured swollen hole.  I lunged
forward as my cock desperately sought the relief it needed in her tortured
bowels.  Paul grabbed her hair as I whipped her back and we pounded her hard
from both ends.  Even though we had both cum already and we both wanted to make
the pleasure last, it was obvious that this last climax was going to be on us in
a rush.  We almost came together, the urge to fill the slut with spunk was just
too great, and the pleasure was over too soon.  Exhausted, sweating but grinning
like Cheshire cats we looked at each other across her battered body.

"Fucking great, man, just fucking fantastic."

We slowly eased our cocks from her tortured holes and relaxed as Judy lay
panting on the table.  Paul wandered off but soon came back with a knife, her
purse and a pair of pliers.  He cut the rope holding her head, left the pliers
and purse on the table and started to get dressed.

"Hey, slut," he said, "better get yourself together.  Kids will be home soon and
you always have a drink and a biscuit waiting for them."

"You fucking bastards," she wept as she reached for the pliers, "you BASTARDS. 
Get out of my home.  I hate you.  I fucking hate you."

"Now, now," Paul laughed, "You know that's not what you really mean.  I could've
sworn you were begging for it earlier.  And don't forget those wonderful videos
I've got.  It's just a shame we weren't able to film this little love-fest. 
Hubby would have enjoyed this one."

"You bastard.  You know I don't want any of this crap" she sobbed.  "Please stop
doing this to me.  Please.  I'll pay you.  I'll give you whatever you want. 
Please get out of my life."

She placed the pliers around one nipple staple and started to lever the steel
out of the table and her engorged teat.  "AAAARRRRGGGGHHH .. oh shit .. oh
fucking hell .." she cried as one breast was freed from the table.   She
clenched her teeth and pulled out the other staple, causing herself yet more
pain as she slowly released her fixed tit and tried to stand up so she could
reach her cunt.  

Paul laughed "You were right with two out of three.  You will pay me just like
we agreed - 200 a fuck.  You must remember.  It was only three weeks ago that
you were begging me to start taking money for my time and trouble."  He smiled
at me, "I'm sure you wouldn't want to go back on your word, even if you were
hanging upside down with your clit being stretched at the time.  Now, let me see
I came twice and you managed to get three loads out of Rob, so a cool thousand
will do it.  Hope you went to the bank earlier like I told you.  As for giving
me whatever I want - again you're dead right.  Anytime, anyplace, any fucking
way I want it.  Don't ever forget that.  But get out of your life - no way. 
This is just too good to leave.  If you weren't so good at it I might have
finished with you by now, but then I'd also have finished with your darling
little daughters too, and I wouldn't have left much that was recognisable.  So,
all in all you're probably doing the right thing.  Now slut, where's the cash?"

She faced Paul and spat at him "Bastard, bastard, bastard."

But she picked up her purse, got out ten crisp 100 notes and gave them to Paul. 
"Please.  I can't keep this up much longer.  I'm close to breaking.  It's too
much.  Please, leave me alone.  My husband's starting to ask where the money's
going."

"Stupid bitch," was Paul's answer, "stop fucking whining and sort yourself out. 
I'll call you in a couple of days and we'll have a little chat about my next
visit.  You ready, Rob, time we were off."

I was trying to dress slowly so that I could watch the show.  The sight of her
carefully pulling staples out of her body as she grimaced and flinched was
really sweet, and I was hoping I could delay our departure until she cut the
string round her tits.  But Paul was insistent.

"Bye, slut, see you soon.  Give my love to the children .. or else I will." and
we were gone.




WHATEVER YOU WANT


Chapter 10

I didn't get back to play with her bruises. 

In fact, it was over three years before I saw Paul again.  I had yet another run
in with the cops and ended up doing time for borrowing some wanker's car, and
his wallet, oh .. and his wife.  A legal technicality (just occasionally, I
thank god for lawyers) got me off the rape charge, but they hit me hard for the
car and the money.

After I came out of prison I did this and that for a while and then, one
afternoon, I was sitting in a bar fucking miles away from the old town, just
getting into my third beer, when Paul walked in.  He had been travelling to sort
out some deal on porn films and, as always, he preferred to drive rather than
fly.  Paul liked to slowly cruise in the car for hundreds of miles, often taking
a few days, rather than have the hassle of airports and loads of officials
checking him out.  It was like we hadn't missed a day since our last meeting and
we sat and talked for hours.

We talked about everything.  Football, the fucking government, the cops, that
tasty new starlet with the big tits that's on all the magazines, everything.  I
told him about my time inside, which was fucking boring, and he told me about
how he had moved on with his perverted life.

"What you been doing while I've been avoiding faggots?" I asked.

"Oh, you know, fucking this and that.  General enjoyable stuff like I've been
doing for years.  Got into making porn films and I've been having loads of fun
on the internet."

"Yeah, I know," I replied, "I love those porn sites."

"Oh, they're OK, but that's not what I meant.  I have a nice little stable of
on-line sluts.  You know.  They want their lives fucked up but they don't know
how to do it.  So I do it for them."

"Hang on," I said, not understanding what he was getting at, "how do you fuck
someone on the internet?  Remember, I've been inside for three years.  I know
how to get pictures and films off the computer but fucking someone?"

"Man, I was doing this long before you went inside.  Don't let it bother you,
Rob, you couldn't do it anyway.  What happens is that stupid fucked up sluts
write to me and ask me to humiliate them, hurt them and generally treat them
like shit.  I've always said that most women want to be raped and on the net
they can be.  They write to you in fucking droves if you advertise in the right
places and they beg to be my online personal cunt whores.  Lots of them are
pissing about, or lose their nerve or just forget what they were doing, but
every now and then you get a nugget.  I reckon no more than 5% are serious but
if you've had hundreds of initial contacts like I have over the years that means
20 or 30 sluts that are for real and crave a real man to tell them how to
seriously piss their lives away."

"You're kidding."  I said.  I couldn't believe this.  I'm good at fighting and
fucking but not so hot on the technical stuff.  What Paul was saying was new to
me but I didn't want to look like I was totally stupid. "So what do you do to
them.  I mean, you can't actually fuck them, can you?"

"Of course not.  Well, not on the net ... but I've met a few in the flesh and
made sure they know their place - usually on their knees with their mouth or ass
around my cock.  But you don't understand, do you?  They want to be humiliated
and made to do things that they can't get in their own lives.  I get all sorts. 
Sad pathetic housewives whose husbands can't get it up, single middle-aged women
who want good hard sex but haven't got the bottle to walk into a bar on their
own, young college girls who want to experiment, you'd be amazed at what goes on
out there.  We email each other and I tell them what to do.  They don't do it
with me .. well, not to start with .. but if you work them right they do it to
themselves and then you move on to making them do things with people - men and
women.  Mostly they love the humiliation and it's so simple.  It's like they
have absolutely no fucking imagination of their own.  It's fucking amazing. 
They fall over themselves to do it.  I always start with simple things like
getting them to wear more make-up or shaving their cunts, but some of them have
gone on to much greater things.  I reckon I'm responsible for at least five
divorces and I know of three sluts who got pregnant from strangers because I
told them to go fuck the first guy who walked past them at the check out."

"Fucking hell," I replied, "I could do that.  It sounds great."

"No you fucking couldn't," said Paul.  "I know your weird tastes.  You get
someone on-line and in your first email you would tell her to cut off her
nipple.  You'd fuck it up at the first try.  The internet is the ultimate in
mind fucking.  They don't have a clue who I am, but I make sure I know loads
about them and check most of it out.  I get them to tell me everything and they
love it 'cause I use it to humiliate them.  I warn them I will probably ruin
their lives but that is what they want.  The possibilities are endless.  I had
one the other day who was a television news anchor.  Blonde hair, green eyes,
pretty fucking tasty according to her description, although one of the joys of
the net is that she may actually be a 50 year old bald slag with one leg and a
face like a dog's ass.  She was the first one I'd had who was on show to the
public.  The ideas I had for her were fantastic.  Sitting reading the news with
a dildo up her cunt, putting liniment on her nipples just before appearing on
television so they would be sticking out through her jumper, getting her to suck
off a cameraman just before the show and leaving some cum in her hair for me and
the whole fucking world to see.  Fucking hell, the inspiration you can get from
just a few words is amazing."

"Shit." I could see this would be fun. "Who is she? What channel is she on?"

"I haven't got any fucking idea." Paul was laughing.  "It would have been great
if the stupid slut had given me an email address that fucking worked.  I was
going to start in on her in a major way but when I wrote her first instructions,
my email came back with some crap about the address not being valid.  If she
ever writes again it better be the most groveling apology you ever heard -
stupid fucking cow.  I told you there were loads of time-wasters as well as
diamonds.  But what the hell, easy come, easy go."

And then I asked him about Judy. "Whatever happened to that slut we fucked?  She
still putting out?  Done her daughters yet, or have you left one for me?"

He smiled "Sort of.  It's a very long story .. and there are some bits that
didn't quite go according to plan but being an adaptable person I can move most
things to my advantage.  You know, you might just be able to help me out again. 
What are you doing for the next month or so."

"Absolutely fucking nothing that I can't walk away from right now." I answered.
"Especially if it means I get to fuck that slut again.  I thought of loads of
new ways to make her scream while I was inside."

"OK," he said "let's go home."

So we stopped off for my gear at the place I was renting and set out on the long
journey back to the one of the best ass fucks I'd ever had.  The journey took a
couple of days and as we toured the highways Paul brought me up to date.  I
don't know if all of his story was true but I guess enough of it must be because
now I've seen most of the evidence myself.  His tale was fucking incredible.

After that day when we had fucked her it had been a week or more before Paul got
back in touch with Judy.  He fucked her a couple of times over the next few
weeks, beat her up a bit and generally had an enjoyable time but he could tell
she wasn't as pliable as she had been.  He thought it was because we had gone
too far, but eventually she tells him why she isn't really concentrating any
more.

She's pregnant.

She worked out that it happened when we fucked her and, because I was the only
one who spunked up her cunt, the little bastard was probably mine.  Paul had
taken away her birth control pills some time before I got near her because it
increased her humiliation and, as I told you, Paul loves to work on their minds. 
He had told her that if she got knocked up she would have to abort it, but now
she was actually pregnant she refused point blank to go through with his plan.

Paul had been thinking about setting in on Lucy, her eldest daughter, and he
used Judy's growing belly as part of his new scheme.  He still fucked Judy
regularly and whipped her when he wanted, especially as her tits got bigger
through the months, and when he told me about the day he made her beg him to try
to beat milk out of her nipples I nearly cried I was laughing so hard.

But while abusing her body he also started on her mind again.  He kept telling
her she was a big fat cow who had gone back on their agreement to keep his cock
happy.  How she couldn't satisfy anyone with her oversized sloppy cunt, drooping
udders and bloated belly.  How she was too old, past it and ugly, and how she
was going to have to think of something different to protect her daughters from
Paul's lust.

He fucked her less himself but started to make her fuck other guys.  Sometimes
his mates, sometimes just men he met at the bar, but nearly always for money. 
One time he told her to meet him in a hotel room.  When she got there, four huge
construction workers were waiting instead of Paul, and gave her a thorough going
over for 6 hours.  The guys had already paid Paul and when it was over and she
could hardly walk, Paul showed up, made her pay for the room and then pay him
for all the times she'd been fucked.

Another time he had taken her to a party and tied her up on a bed with a 'Free
Fuck' sign on the door.  He reckons she took over 30 loads of spunk in her cunt
that night, not to mention the blow-jobs and buggering which must have taken the
number of male orgasms in that room to over 70.  Afterwards he made her suck and
fuck him as gently as if she loved him to say thank you for getting her all that
attention.

At one S & M club she became a weekly attraction which got to be more and more
popular as her belly and tits got bigger and bigger.  Paul didn't give a shit
about the baby.  She took cocks, dildos and even baseball bats up her cunt and
ass.  One performance included the use of a cactus which ripped her vaginal
walls to shreds. 

Paul introduced her to the delights of canine sex, which she hated so much that
at first that she became hysterical until Paul showed her a video of a dog doing
a 9 year old blonde piece in the ass and told her how Anna could help her out if
she really truly felt she wasn't up to it.

All the time he was working on her mind saying how it was so difficult for him
not to fuck her kids because she was just so fucking ugly.  After a couple of
months he had got her round to agreeing that to save Tina and Anna, she would
sacrifice Lucy.  Lucy was going to be fucking boys soon anyway, and if her cunt
could help her sisters avoid a life of pain then it was Lucy's duty to open her
legs for Paul's benefit.

That was weird enough but the next bit showed how classy Paul is.  He decided
that he wanted Lucy to be different to her mother.  One unwilling but begging
slut is a turn-on but, to Paul, two would be boring.  I'd fucking go for it -
two sluts doing exactly what I tell them sounds like heaven to me - but Paul is
far more subtle.

Paul decided that he wanted Lucy to be a slut alright, but a real
desperate-for-cock, will-die-without-sex, nymphomaniac, slut.  No pretending,
not like her mother, but a teen tramp who was in need of fucking several times a
day.  Not only that, but Paul decided that he wanted Lucy like that just for
him.  When he was with her she was to be almost crying out to be fucked, but if
he wasn't there she was to control herself.  He wanted her for himself and
selected friends.  He didn't see the point in going to a whole load of time and
effort so that a load of spotty little kids at school would gain the benefit. 
He didn't want her giving it away to every punk who stuck his hand up her
jumper.  An insatiable, cock hungry, slut schoolgirl, but only when she was with
'Uncle Paul'.


Chapter 11

With her mother on board, Paul began to make this dream come true.  Lucy started
getting 'birds-and-the-bees' lessons from her mother, but they weren't the
normal sort of lessons.  There was loads of emphasis on how to give pleasure in
sex and how to treat your special man, lots of talk about how sex is natural and
girls should try to experience everything, and a ton of indoctrination about how
good it is to know your own body and bring yourself to orgasm.

Suddenly, it was necessary for Lucy to see a hypnotist.  Her father thought it
was to help her grades improve, but Paul and Judy knew that the hypnotist was
one of Paul's friends, and he slowly worked on her brain dropping in loads of
little snippets that would one day all come together and make sense of Lucy's
life.  Paul didn't want her fucking him because she was hypnotised - that would
be too easy - Paul wanted her life to revolve around sex, and sex with him, and
if enough suggestions went deep enough into her mind then eventually she would
think that fucking Paul is what she was put on this planet to do.

Lucy started to need special vitamin supplements.  Well, that's what it said on
the bottle.  Paul supplied and Judy made sure that her daughter took three every
day.  Her tits seemed to grow a lot quicker than her friends and she seemed to
have stopped growing pubic hair.  Her cunt was wet most of the time, while her
clitoris and nipples always seemed to be hard.  When Lucy asked her mother about
these things she was assured that it was only natural and, of course, she was
told that it was very important to relieve the pressure building up in her body
by bringing herself off whenever she could.

Lucy began to dream more than she used to.  And her dreams always seemed to
revolve around sex.  Some of them were so vivid it was almost as if she was
watching a film - which is exactly what she was doing.  The night time 'vitamin
supplement' included a sleeping drug which left her mind readily accessible to
sound but without allowing her to wake up.  Every night Judy was putting a tape
on in her room and Lucy spent hours listening to the sounds of fucking,
interspersed with a voice telling her all the great things that a girl can do
for a man.  The voice was Paul's and after a while the voice started to suggest
that Paul was her man.  Paul was the one she was meant to fuck.

Every evening, between 1.30 and 3.00, Judy was going to Lucy's room while hubby
slept soundly because of his drugged night cap, also supplied by Paul, and in a
hazy, part-drugged, part-hypnotised, dream-like state, mother and daughter
watched porn films.  The videos were fairly tame to begin with and they never
got to the sort of pain-wracked, spear-up-her-cunt, BDSM that I enjoy, but that
is how Paul wanted it.  If he fancied something different later, it would be
easy to move Lucy's mind that way.  Over the months the films took Lucy along a
sexual path from kissing to sodomy, from lace gloves to leather bondage, from
spanking to light whipping, from willing partner to desperate slave to sex.

Paul and Judy kept this up for nearly six months as Lucy's mind was turned
around.  No longer a normal 13 year old starting teen life with the usual sexual
curiosities.  Instead she was a sex slut, dreaming of fucking every night,
dedicated to playing with her body, practising how to look like a schoolgirl
tramp in front of the mirror, wondering when that special person would show her
how to really fulfill her life by fucking non-stop, hoping that special person
would be Paul who she dreamt of all the time.

As always, Paul didn't rush it.  He kept the training going continuously to make
sure that everything was so deep in her brain that it would never change.

....


That evening we stopped at a motel, ate and then drove to a nearby bar.  There
was a juke box and this was obviously the only place in town where anything
happened.  We drank, chatted and eyed up the girls dancing on the floor.

One group of women were drinking more than the others and were dancing as though
they were a bunch of sirens.  It was obviously a girls-night-out when the stupid
sluts get a load of courage from the alcohol, prick-tease all night and then go
home to laugh about it with their friends.

Paul, as you may realise, does not approve of this sort of behaviour.  In fact,
it gets him really fucking pissed off.  Women have their place - and usually its
on their backs with their legs apart.  Paul has got nothing against women
dancing or getting drunk.  In fact, this is usually a good thing because it gets
them on their backs quicker, but when they start to try and get uppity - that's
when they've gone too far.

I could tell he was spoiling for a fuck, and I could see that at least one of
the group was going  to be carrying home a little present for her husband, deep
inside her body.  What I didn't realise was that Paul was going to go for the
least likely candidate.

There were six girls in the group, a couple with short skirts, a couple with
tight jeans (just failing to keep fat backsides in place), one with a sweet pair
of cut-offs that made her the pick of the bunch and one with a knee length
skirt.  This last was fairly drunk but way behind her louder and brasher
friends.  Overdressed middle-aged women trying to look like they are 17 again
are always good for a laugh, and while each of them had some redeeming feature
they were mostly suffering from self delusion.

Paul leant on the bar and looked at them.  "The quiet one," he said. "Ass is too
big and she's way wrong on the lipstick colour, but she'll do for tonight."

"What?"  I replied.  "She is the only one there who isn't pissing me off.  The
other sluts are in serious need of slamming up against a wall and having their
cunts split open but that one is the boring little housewife.  Lets fuck one of
them - or two or three - I don't really mind."

"No. The brunette is tonight's star prize." said Paul

"I'm all for a night-cap," I replied, "but that piece in the shorts is better by
far even though her tits are non-existent.  And she's easily the drunkest of the
lot.  Grabbing her will be a piece of piss.  Look at her ass - fuck I'll enjoy
pulling those peaches apart."

"Still just going for the physical," sighed Paul. "When will you learn that
fucking their heads and their lives is so much better - and you get your rocks
off at the same time.  The brunette is half willing already, she just needs a
bit of help to commit emotional suicide.  All we have to do is time it right."

She sipped her drink and chatted with her friends but she wasn't the centre of
the party.  The others moved around, danced a bit and flirted at the bar but she
stayed at the table.  Mid thirties, reasonable looks, brunette with long
floating curls, an OK body apart from the ass but, as the evening wore on, she
seemed more and more out of place with her friends.  Eventually it seemed to
come to a head.  They were pissing themselves at some joke while she just sat
there with a strange look on her face somewhere between a scowl, a wry grin and
boredom.

"C'mon, Candi," shouted the cutoffs girl over the music, "you're supposed to
laugh.  Didn't you get it.  The man only had a three inch weenie!!"  The blonde
collapsed with giggles as her friends drank and laughed.  The brunette smiled at
her, and then said something quietly to the group.  She stood up, put on her
coat and headed, a bit unsteadily, for the door.  She had obviously decided that
it was time for her to leave.

"Time to move," said Paul, "follow me in about five minutes, but stay back to
start with."

He made it to the door first and held it open for her.  She said something to
him and he smiled back as he followed her out.  I waited, finished my drink and
then went to the car park.  I stood outside a back exit and lit a cigarette. 
Looking round I couldn't see either of them but then I noticed smoke drifting
out from behind the corner of the building, about 30 yards away.  I moved over
to the area but stayed on my side of the building when I heard a female voice.

"I've got to do something with my life.  I'll go nuts if I stay in this shit
place any longer.  My kids are great and Pete is OK but the whole thing is
stifling me.  I seem to have been raising kids and looking after the house all
my life.  It's just so fucking sad that the only time I get on my own is when I
go out with that bunch of losers.  Once a month I 'have fun'.  Once a month we
sit and make up poxy stories about how we fancy the milk man, or the delivery
man or just some bloke we saw last Thursday.  None of us have the bottle to do
anything about it and all that happens is we get pissed, we talk about it, we go
home and we start to look after the fucking family again.  If I don't DO
something soon I'll go crazy."

Towards the end of this whinge she had started to cry.  Nothing big, just girly
blubbing like they all do for no reason that anyone can fathom.  Then I heard
Paul.  It was his 'you can talk to me voice', the one that is full of concern.

"Hey, its not that bad.  You're good looking, and you're young.  Your whole
life's in front of you.  And you say that the kids are good.  What are they,
boys or girls?"

"Girls.  Teenagers.  They're a handful and Pete doesn't help much.  All they
seem to want to do is to lounge around the house or go out with their friends." 
The booze and the night air was coming together in that way that makes people
speak the truth.  Usually too much of the truth.  "I'm sure the oldest is
already screwing around.  At least she gets it.  I haven't had a decent shag in
months.  He's always too tired.  I've started looking at the internet for some
relief but that just makes it worse."

"How come?" Paul coaxed her along the path to her destiny.

"The only sites I seem to like are the weird ones.  I could never get into
pictures and so I started going to the story sites.  I thought I'd like the
romance stories but I accidentally found one about .. about .. you know .. women
not wanting it."

"I've looked on the net a lot but I don't see many stories about prudes," said
Paul.

"No," she replied, "not women who don't want sex at all.  Women who don't want
it at that time.  Women who are forced to have sex."

"Oh, I understand." Paul kept pushing her along. "So what's wrong with that. 
It's only fantasy, isn't it?"

"Well, yes.  I suppose so."  She didn't seem very certain.  "It's just that I
can't get the stories out of my head.  Being forced to do things.  It's weird
but it gets to me.  I shouldn't tell you this but it makes me so hot."

"That's OK - I won't tell anyone your innermost thoughts.  It's good to talk
this things through.  Why not get your husband to join in?"  Paul replied. "Any
real man will always try to help out, and if it's what you want, what you need,
I'm sure he would do some play acting to help you."

"I've tried."  She started to cry again. "But it just made things worse.  He
said it was perverted and that he had always loved and respected me and that he
couldn't possibly do anything like that.  I'm so fucked up.  I just wish I could
do something different."

"I think you are about to," said Paul, "but you really should be careful what
you wish for."

It went quiet.


Chapter 12

I moved up to an area of shadow right by the corner and looked round.  Paul had
obviously been comforting her as she opened her heart to him and he had now
moved on to the next stage.  They were kissing.  Paul's hand was on her tit and
she was letting him fondle her body through her blouse.  After a while they came
up for air and she seemed to realise what she was doing. 

"No. NO ... I've got to go home," she said.

"What for?" replied Paul.  "To be with a sad husband and kids who don't
appreciate you.  Stay here, babe.  I'll make your life change in one night."

Paul started to kiss her again.  She had her back against the wall and was
unable to move away from Paul's body that was grinding against her.  His right
hand moved back to her tit and started to maul her breast.  She resisted for a
moment and then suddenly stopped trying to push him away.  It was like a bad
film where the heroine fights against the handsome star until she realises she
wants to give herself to him - then the music gets louder, the titles come up
and everyone goes away happy.  But the reason for her submission wasn't the
realisation of true love - it was the knife in Paul's other hand - and only some
of the participants were going to be happy at the end of the evening.

Paul moved his lips to her ear as the knife gently scratched her throat.  "Be
very good and your wishes will come true.  Be stupid and you will never get to
wish for anything ever again.  Now we are going to have some fun.  You are going
to have to do most of the work because I am holding a knife in one hand and this
gorgeous tit in the other.  Do you understand."

"Y .. yes .. please don't hurt me .. please .. I didn't mean it .. let me go ..
please .. don't make me .." she whimpered.

"You won't get hurt as long as you are sensible," replied Paul, slowly caressing
her neck with the side of the knife, "and you're the one who was saying how you
wanted something different.  Now lets see what we've got to play with.  Open
this blouse so I can feel your tits properly."

Hesitating at first, she moved her hands up and slowly began to undo the
buttons.  Her fingers were fumbling but Paul wasn't in any hurry.  He gently
played with her tit as the knife continued tracing the outline of her throat,
barely visible under her long brown hair.

"Take your time, baby," he said. "I've got all night.  And I wouldn't want to
rush this wonderful moment.  The first fuck with a new partner should always be
as long and slow as possible.  Don't you think?"

"Yes .. no .. I don't know .. I don't what to fuck ... please let me go .. I
don't want this .. I didn't mean to tell you those things .. I don't wanted to
be raped .. please .." She was whimpering but not crying.  The drink, the knife,
Paul's soothing words and the needs of her own body were a strange mixture and
her confusion was obvious.  She finished unbuttoning her blouse and stood still
with her arms at her sides.

"Come on," said Paul.  "Join in or I might think you didn't want to do something
different with your life.  Open up, lets see what's on offer."

She slowly pulled open the flimsy material to reveal a white lacy bra.  Paul's
hand immediately moved back to her breast and started to finger the firm nipple
that was poking through the material.

"You're enjoying this," he smiled.  "Your body wants it.  Your nipples are hard
already and I bet when we get down to business your pussy will be soaking wet."

"No .. no .. I can't help it .. it's the cold air .. please stop .. let me go
home .. please .. no .. please .."

"We might go home later.  Meet the kids perhaps.  But we've got to finish this
bit first.  I promise that you'll be begging for it soon.  Now, lets get these
tits out, shall we?"

He folded the material of her bra down under her breasts.  No matter what state
a woman's breasts are in - pert, silicon, floppy, big or small - to have them
pushed up in this way nearly always makes them look good.  It puts them nicely
on display and very available.  Paul's fingers were gently rolling over her
nipple.  She was still whimpering but the tone of the sounds coming from her
throat had changed slightly.  The stupid slut was being betrayed by her body.

"Good girl," said Paul. "Skirt next, then we'll get those panties off.  Come on,
lift it up and show me what you've got while I concentrate on these milk givers
here."  He bent his head and began to suck her teat in and out of his lips,
while delicately grazing the end with his teeth.  No pain.  No force.  Just
helping her body take over her mind.

"No .. aahh .. no .. stop .. ooohhhh .. please .. its .. ooohhh .. it's not
right .. please don't" she gasped, but her hands reached for the hem of her knee
length skirt and dragged it up her thighs.  Paul carried on working over her tit
with his hand and her nipple with his mouth as she leant back against the wall. 
The knife was still resting on her neck but she didn't seem to notice.  Paul
stopped sucking and stood up.

"The panties," he said, his voice firmer than before, "get them off now."  He
began to squeeze her nipple with his fingers.  At first she enjoyed the extra
pressure but it soon went past pleasure and bordered on pain.

"Aaahhh .. oh .. oh that's so .. ooohhhh ... oohh god .. its .. no .. your
hurting .. stop .. please .. aarrgghh .."

"Panties. Now," was Paul's response.

"Oh god .. sorry .. please .. stop .. I'll do it .. please .. I'm sorry .. don't
hurt me .."

She was his.  How the fuck he does it I shall never know.  I would have fucked
her up against the wall half an hour ago.  I'd probably have left her on the
ground with blood dripping from her ruptured ass.  But then I would have
probably been caught by the men in the bar and ended up fighting my way out or
being beaten up in a squad car by the bastard cops.  Paul, on the other hand,
had just got her to apologise for not stripping quickly enough.

She struggled to get her panties down.  Paul was still partly leaning against
her so she couldn't reach further down than her knees, and Paul wasn't moving -
just working that nipple.  Mixing the pain and the pleasure.  All the time his
mouth was working on her lips, neck and ear as his tongue licked the sensitive
parts of her face

"Please .. I can't .. oohhh .. aahhh .. no .. please .. they won't go any
further .. please .. aarrrggghhh .. no .. it hurts .. please stop .. please .. I
can't reach .. you'll have to do it .. please .. do it for me .."

Fuck it was funny.  I'd forgotten how good Paul was at this.  This poor bitch
was about to be fucked against her will but she was saying sorry and asking Paul
to help her get ready to be ravaged.  Paul raised his foot, placed it on the
material stretched between her legs and pushed the panties to the ground.

"Legs apart," he ordered, "and your skirt has slipped down.  Pull it back up and
tuck it into the waist band."

As she moved to obey her instructions Paul eased his fingers off her nipple and
returned to sucking it slowly as he stroked her tit.  She looked a treat.  Her
legs were spread wide and her skirt was pulled up at the front to expose her
cunt to the night air.  Her blouse was now off her shoulders and halfway down
her left arm fully exhibiting her breasts which were jutting out towards Paul's
hands.  She looked like the slut she was about to become.

"Get my cock out and lets get to the action," Paul whispered in her ear as he
allowed the pressure of the knife to increase fractionally.  She tried to
protest but before she could reply he began to kiss her mouth again.  Her hands
moved to his cock and caressed his hardness through his jeans.  Undoing the
buttons she reached in for her prize and began the action that must be natural
for any woman when holding a hard cock.  Encircling his rod in her grasp she
slowly worked his dick harder. 

She was ready.  Her other hand reached further down to hold his balls as Paul
positioned himself so that she could move his cock to her warm slit.  Neither of
them had touched her cunt throughout the seduction, but as she guided the head
of his dick into her hole and Paul started to fuck her, I could hear the sound
of a wet cunt slurping with juice.

Paul worked her over for some while.  More like a lover than a rapist he slowly
brought her to her peak and then almost ripped her nipple off as she went over
the edge.  As her first climax subsided he called to me.

"Rob, I know you're there.  Get over here and join in."

Paul kept up his slow regular fucking of her wet hole, but as Candi floated down
from her orgasm she realised I was standing next to her.

"Get his cock out," said Paul. "He is the next part of your life changing
experience."

She was in a daze.  Her body wanted sex, half of her alcohol befuddled brain
wanted it too but the other half told her she was a plain housewife who was
being fucked up against a wall by a stranger and her marriage was teetering on
the edge.  I helped her a bit by dropping my jeans and putting her hand over my
hard cock.  As if it had a mind of its own, her hand again began to move up and
down.  Paul kept working on her as she approached her second cum of the evening.

"No .. please .. it's not right .. I've never .. ooohhh .. ooooohhhhh .. not two
of you .. my husband .. aaaahhhhh ... oohhh .. oh god .. oh fucking hell ..
aaahhhhhh .. oh shit .. oh shit .."

Her legs were giving way and Paul had to hold her up as he continued grinding
into her pussy. 

There was the sound of voices as a group left the bar and walked towards us.  It
was Candi's friends with a couple of hopeful Romeos. 

"Hey lover boys, reckon you could take on all five of us ..."
"Five of us - they wouldn't be able to manage one of us.  Their cocks would give
out ..."
"What cock - I was dancing with that one and there was nothing going on in the
basement when I went looking ..."

The girls fell about laughing and the two men decided it was a waste of time and
went back inside.  As they came nearer, Paul increased his pumping of Candi's
wet cunt.  The bastard was going to time it just right.  As her friends passed
by he was going to cum inside her.  From the way he was working on her nipple
and the sound of her ragged breathing it was apparent that Candi was going to
arrive at her third cum at about the same time.

The women might have passed by without noticing if Paul hadn't made Candi
explode yet again as his spunk filled up her vagina.

"Oh god .. not again .. oh .. oh ... yes .. yes .. yeesssss .. aaaaaaahhhhhhh
... oooohhhhh ... christ .. more .. oh god .. oh fucking hell .. "

The women stopped.

"Someone's having a good time."
"That's Candi.  Look.  It's little Miss 'I'm tired and I'm going home early'."
"Going for a shag was obviously what she really meant.  Lucky cow."
"Christ almighty.  You're right.  Whose the bloke.  She kept that quiet."
"No she didn't.  It was far louder than I am when I get fucked."
"Hey, Candi.  You OK?"

Paul's mouth was at her ear.  The knife was hidden by his head and her hair but
the blade was pricking into her glistening neck.  The menace in his voice nearly
scared me.

"Tell them its OK.  Tell them you're having fun.  Tell them to fuck off and get
their thrills somewhere else."

"I'm .. I'm .. fine .. oh .. oohh ..  really .. its OK .. oohhh .."  Candi
gasped out as Paul licked her ear and continued to roll her delicate nipple
between his fingers.  She was still high after her orgasm.  The sensations
reaching into her mind from her tender nipple, that had been rubbed, licked,
squeezed and sucked almost continuously for thirty minutes, were keeping her
from thinking straight.

"You sure?" said the least pissed of her friends. "You don't sound right, Candi. 
You sure you're alright?"

"Get it right or your dead," Paul whispered into her ear, "and then kiss me
while Rob gets his cock inside you."

"Oohh .. yeah .. aaahhhh .. I'm OK .. I just want ........"

Paul moved to her side and started kissing her deep.  I took my cue, moved in
front and pushed my cock up her sloppy hole.

"Holy cow.  She's got two of them."
"Greedy bitch.  Couldn't have saved one for us, could she?"
"Hope Pete doesn't find out."
"Come on, leave the slut to get on with her rutting.  I'll make sure Pete does
find out."
"Bye Candi .. try not to get home too late"

Laughing and giggling they moved over to their cars and, five minutes later,
after they sorted out who was driving which friend home they left the car park
honking the horns and catcalling from the open  windows.  Candi began to cry.  I
carried on fucking her as she sobbed her heart out and Paul cleaned his cock on
her skirt.

"Oh god .. oohhh .. you pair of fucking shits .. why .. aaaahhhh ... why are you
doing this .. aahhh .. you fucking bastard .. "

I came in a rush, spurting my juice far into her defenceless body as she raised
her hands and tried to push me away.

"Bitch." I said, and slapped her a couple of times. "Stand fucking still while I
finish or you'll need surgery on your face."

Squeezing out the dregs I pulled my cock out of her cum soaked hole and grabbed
her shoulders, forcing her to her knees.  "Come on, slut.  Get your mouth to
work.  I don't want your filthy cunt juice all over my clothes.  Clean it."

I took the knife from Paul and held it next to her face so that she had the
right encouragement.  When she finished cleaning her mess off my cock I pulled
her to her feet.  She was sobbing uncontrollably.

"Please .. please let me go .. you've done it .. you've had your 'fun' .. now
let me go .."

"Why the big performance?" asked Paul. "You've fucked before. You enjoyed parts
of it. I bet it was better than you get from your husband."

If anything her tears increased.  "You bastards.  One of those girls is Pete's
sister.  She never liked me.  She's bound to tell him.  The way she'll tell it,
he will think I wanted it.  You fucking bastards have just wrecked my marriage. 
He'll get the kids and the house.  What shall I do?"

"Ain't life a bitch," laughed Paul. "Anyway.  You did want it.  They only
stopped and saw you because you couldn't control yourself when you came.  You're
a slut Candi.  And now everyone knows.  Enjoy the rest of your sad little life."

We left her sobbing against the wall.  It would have been good to carry on
enjoying the other parts of her body, but we had another long day tomorrow and a
boy needs his sleep.


Chapter 13

The next day our drive to Paul's home continued at a leisurely pace while Paul
continued his story.

The day arrived when Judy's baby was born.  The happy husband was at the
hospital by her bedside, but the baby was stillborn.  After all the abuse of the
past year this wasn't really surprising but Judy was so badly traumatised that
she started to act irrationally and it was obvious that she needed specialist
help.  Hubby noticed that instead of blond hair, pale skin, thick lips, and all
the bits that his other kids had that were so like his own baby pictures, this
dead baby has black hair, Mediterranean skin, thin lips and absolutely nothing
about it looks like it comes from his genes.

The not-so-happy husband started to think about it and over the next couple of
weeks the arguments began.  Judy was not really with it anyway because of the
trauma of the still birth and, if she admitted anything about the baby's father
or what has been going on for the past year, then she's completely fucked.  One
evening the argument raged on.  Incensed by the injustice of her husband's
accusations that she had been enjoying an affair, when in fact she has been
tortured, fucked, buggered and abused non-stop to try to save her children, Judy
lost it completely.  She really couldn't remember exactly how it happened but
she did remember the blood, the iron in her hand, the dead body on the kitchen
floor and, for some weird reason, the fact that he had never given her an orgasm
in all their married life.

She was hysterical when she called Paul.  He was the person who had been
organising her life for the past year and she didn't know where else to turn. 
The call was probably the last rational thing that Judy ever did.  Paul, of
course, does everything right.  He's a bit like the bloke in that film, the one
where they go to that guy who cleans the car and gets rid of the body and sorts
everything out.  Paul gets round to the house immediately and takes control. 
The kids are asleep and know nothing about it.  A couple of calls and Paul has
arranged the fake car accident, and his mate at the morgue is all ready to make
sure that the paperwork will be in order.  The police are involved but only
because another drunk driver has gone off the road and killed himself, and this
helps to make everything seem legal.

Judy's mind has now left for planet Zog.  She acts fairly normally, doing the
washing, cooking the meals, cleaning the house and all that woman shit, but it's
all done on automatic.  She also fucks when she is told and will say anything
you want but there is no spark left, no spontaneity, nothing of her own will
exists behind her blank eyes.  So Paul moves in, adopts the children, 'looks
after' Judy and makes sure that the kids have a normal life.  Well, Tina and
Anna have a normal life, while Lucy seems to be totally infatuated with her new
'Dad'.  Now he is in complete control of the house, Paul has no difficulty in
putting the final pieces into place so that Lucy's new life as his personal
nympho can begin.

Apart from the fact that Judy is now just a human robot, hubby's death has
helped Paul's plans greatly.  Things improve even more when the insurance
policies pay up.  Judy is now set up for life, or she would be if she hadn't
signed everything over to Paul.  Five million is the grand total - plus the
house.  Life is about to become sooo good for Paul, and sooo bad for the women
in his life.

After three hours on the road listening to Paul's story, I was almost constantly
hard.  I needed another fuck and, as luck would have it, one was coming up in
less than two miles.  We were in the middle of some forest when we rounded a
corner and in the distance were a couple sitting by the roadside.  As we got
closer one of them, a big looking guy of about college age, gets up and tries to
flag us down.  Paul slows to a stop and mentions to me that there is a gun in
the glove compartment in case they give any trouble.

"Thanks for stopping," says this college kid ever so politely, "can you give us
a lift, please?"

"Yes," says Paul in his 'I'm a normal friendly bloke' voice, "of course we can. 
What on earth are you doing out here in the middle of nowhere?"

"We had got a lift from a truck driver, but he tried to touch Vanessa.  I hit
him and he threw us out of the cab.  We have been here since midnight and we
really do need to get going or else we'll be late."

As he was saying this, Vanessa came up to the car.  Veerrryyy tasty.  Long,
tanned legs.  Cut-offs that showed enough cheek to get you really interested. 
Tight top showing an excellent pair of tits that obviously didn't feel the need
for the extra support of a bra.  And a face which was looking pretty fair to me,
especially when you realised that she wasn't wearing any make-up.

"Can they give us a lift, John?" she asked.

"Of course we can," Paul spoke before John was able to answer. "John's told us
your terrible story.  I can't believe that there are really people as bad as
that truck driver.  I know you read about these things in the papers but you
never expect it to happen to you.  Are you alright?  It really isn't safe for
you youngsters to be hitching on these roads."

I was having a big struggle not to burst out laughing but Paul's concern was
very deep and very convincing.  Vanessa gave him the sweetest smile and was
obviously thankful that they had stopped a car with some nice people in it.

"Oh yes, I'm fine," she smiled.  "I always feel safe when I'm with John.  He's
wonderful.  That man was so horrid and I couldn't believe it when he tried to
touch me.  John was really marvelous and stopped him immediately.  I love him so
much."

I had to feign a coughing fit to stop laughing as she gushed out her story and
kept stroking John's arm and looking up at his face.  John looked a bit
embarrassed but obviously knew what he should say in his role as
prince-fucking-charming.

"It was nothing, honey.  People like that only understand one thing.  They need
to be taught a lesson.  It's a shame you stopped me from hitting him again, but
you're the important person in my life and as long as you're happy then I'm in
heaven."

"OK love-birds" laughed Paul, "Get in the car.  This is Rob and we were about to
swap driving, so now is as good a time as any."

This was news to me but I know Paul.  He obviously had some plan to deal with
these two and it presumably included me at the wheel while he did more important
things.  I moved to the driving seat and as soon as everyone was settled, I got
us back on the road.

Paul was half turned in his seat carrying on easy conversation with the couple
and winning their trust.  "So, you said you might be late for something.  What
would that be?"

Vanessa gave a sweet giggle. "Our wedding.  We couldn't be late for our own
wedding.  John is going to make an honest woman of me in two days and we still
have a long way to go.  John has been so good but after our car broke down
yesterday we haven't had much luck with getting lifts.  That truck driver was
the last straw.  We're so grateful that you turned up when you did."

Paul laughed, "And we're pleased that we were in the right place at the right
time.  Now don't you two worry.  We'll get you home without any problems.  Paul
and Rob will make sure you're well looked after.  Won't we, Rob?"

"Oh yeah," I replied "We'll take care of you."

The journey continued with Paul chatting away with the happy couple until after
an hour or so Vanessa feel asleep with her head on John's chest.  Paul smiled,
pointed out that they must both be exhausted and suggested John tried to sleep
as well.  Half an hour later the love birds were quietly unaware that I had
turned off the road onto a side track and Paul was now facing them with his gun
pointing at the girl's face and a pair of hand cuffs dangling from his left
hand.

John noticed the bouncing of the car over the unmade road first and opened his
eyes to check.  Paul looked straight at him and very quietly and very menacingly
said "Do anything I don't like and her face will look like road-kill chicken. 
Move very slowly and put on the cuffs.  One move that isn't to my liking and
your fiancee is just so much splattered flesh.  Careful now .. nice and slow ..
her life is in your hands .. good boy .. that's done it .."

John obviously wasn't much more intelligent than the truck driver he'd hit.  He
had just surrendered without a fight.  With his hands in the cuffs there was
virtually nothing he could do, and now him and his tasty little bride-to-be were
ours.  I turned off the track, drove another fifty yards or so and stopped in a
clearing.

Vanessa awoke.  "John, darling, you moved your arm," she complained before
focussing on Paul and the gun.  "JOHN !!! He's got a gun."

Paul's evil smirk was a picture. "I think he knows that already sweet-cheeks. 
Now get out of the car, nice and slow, we only want your money and then you can
go."

I nearly lost it again at that one, but she seemed to believe him and slowly
opened the door and got out.  Paul gave me the gun to cover John and followed
her.  He stood still as she opened her purse and gave him the few notes that
were inside.  "We haven't got much, but take it and leave us alone.  I thought
you were nice people but you're as bad as that truck driver.  At least he didn't
try and rob us."

"Oh well," said Paul turning back to the car, "you live and learn, don't you? 
Now, John, swing just your legs out of the car and stay still.  I'm going to tie
them together so you don't get any ideas.  We don't want anybody to try anything
silly, do we.  Nice and calm and then we can all get on our way."   

Once his legs were tied Paul made him stand up, undid one of the cuffs, pulled
John's arms behind his back and re-secured them.  He then gagged him, got some
more rope, tied it to a couple of handy trees and then around John's legs,
cutting the other rope so that John was now standing with his legs spread wide
apart.  Slipping some rope through the cuffs Paul threw one end over an adjacent
branch and tied it off.  By pulling on the rope John's arms would be forced
upwards, bringing his head down to try to relieve the pressure on his shoulders.  

Having tied John to his liking Paul placed a rope noose around Vanessa's neck
and tied it off to another nearby tree.  Removing a second set of cuffs from his
back pocket he secured Vanessa's arms behind her.  It was at this point that the
reality of their situation hit them.  John started to make strange noises
through his gag while Vanessa started crying.

"What are you doing?" She whimpered. "You've got our money.  That's what you
wanted.  Now leave us alone.  We haven't got anything else."

"Now that's where you're wrong," said Paul.  "I'm sure if you think for a minute
you can come up with something else you have that we might want.  I'll give you
a clue.  To be specific it's something you've got.  John can't help you with
this one."

The look on her face as she realised what Paul was talking about was a picture.
"No. You can't.  John will stop you.  You'll go to prison.  I'm going to be
married.  We'll tell the police.  You can't.  No.  Just leave us alone and we
won't say anything."

"Silly girl," was Paul's answer, "John hasn't got much say in this, although a
bit later we may ask him his opinion.  Anyway, I've worked something out that
will stop you telling anyone about our little bit of fun."

Paul went back to the car and got out two video cameras and a tripod.  I
remembered that he had been on some deal about porn films when I met him and,
obviously, this was part of his equipment.

"I'm a bit of an film buff," Paul laughed as he busied himself setting up the
cameras, "and I make films that sell to a .. specialist .. market.  It takes
lots of film to make a really good movie and the amount of editing that you have
to do is really excessive, especially when the actors are amateurs.  But by the
end of today I will have lots of film and, with a lot of editing depending on
how much of a film star you are, I will be able to make a really nice little
movie.  If it comes out OK I'll probably send you a complimentary copy - think
of it as my wedding present."

"You ... You .. You cruel man," She cried, "You won't get any co-operation from
us.  We are not going to take part in your sick plan.  You'll only have
incriminating evidence against yourself."

I loved the way that even when she was about to be raped she couldn't bring
herself to swear.  I love this sort of innocent, stupid slut.

Paul had finished setting up the equipment although I was surprised that both
cameras were pointed at John.  As always, I assumed Paul knew what he was doing. 
He again returned to the car and got a large knife, a wrench and some fishing
line.  He set the cameras going and moved over to John.

Picking up the wrench he stood in front of John and smiled as he smashed the
tool into his left knee.  John tried so hard to scream through his gag that I
actually felt sorry for him.  Vanessa made up for the poor quality of John's
scream and the sound of her anguished howls as she saw her knight in shining
armour being assaulted was sweet music to my ears.

Paul hit the other kneecap.  I didn't hear them break but John's agony was
apparent from his face.  Tears were running down his cheeks, snot was coming
from his nose and the tension in his neck and cheeks as he tried to bear his
agony made the veins stand out like purple rivers.  His legs sagged under the
strain but that merely placed pressure on his arms and shoulders.  With a huge
effort, he managed to force his legs to hold him up as Paul stood in front of
him.  Smiling into his face Paul kneed him in the balls.  He sagged again and
the snot running over the gag was joined by puke that had forced its way out of
his throat through the only available opening, his nose.

Vanessa was screaming continuously.  "STOP .. Stop ..  You'll kill him.  He's
choking.  Don't hit him again.  Please, stop.  Please.  Leave him alone.  He's
tied up.  Please stop."

Paul turned to her.  "Now," he said, "I thought I heard you say you wouldn't
co-operate, but perhaps I mis-heard you.  What was it you said?  Were you going
to be a good girl and be a classy actress, or were you going to be a silly girl
and watch John suffer a bit more?  You know you'll do what we want in the end. 
It's just a question of how many bits we remove from lover-boy here before you
decide that you always wanted to be a porn star, and that today is going to be
your debut."


Chapter 14

Vanessa was kneeling on the ground sobbing.  She knew she had no choice but she
couldn't help trying to persuade Paul not to do it.  The stupid fucking bitch
tried to appeal to his good side.  What a stupid slut.  Paul's 'good side' -
there ain't so such thing.

"Please, please.  Don't make me do this.  We can pay you more money.  I can send
it to you.  I can't do the things you want.  Please.  We love each other.  I've
always been a good girl.  We're getting married in two days.  Please don't make
me.  My parents would die if they knew.  Poor John.  He's done nothing to
deserve this.  He's always loved me.  Don't make me.  Not before my wedding day. 
I'm a virgin.  Please don't make me.  Please.  Please"  

Paul and I turned to each other, whooped and did a high-five.  A fucking virgin. 
And if she was virgin cunt, it was 100-1 she was virgin ass.  One each.  Oh this
was going to be fucking fantastic.  It always beats me that every time I rape a
girl she tries to stop me with words that only help to turn me on and make my
cock even harder.  Don't they teach them anything at school?

Paul decided it was time to see the goods and grabbed the front of her tight
top.  Bringing the knife up to her face he ordered her to stay still if she
wanted to keep her flawless skin.  She became quieter, but as Paul slipped the
knife into the material just below her neck and ripped it downwards exposing her
large breasts, she began to cry again.

"Please, no .. don't do this .. please .. please .. "

Paul ignored her and grabbed the waistband of her shorts.  A couple more cuts
with the knife followed by Paul grabbing the flimsy panties and tearing them
from her body and she was really starting to lose it.

"Look Vanessa" said Paul, going into his 'good guy' act, "its going to happen
anyway.  It can happen with pain for you and complete agony for John, or you can
be a good girl, let John keep some of his more interesting body parts and, who
knows, you may even enjoy some of it.  It's up to you.  Believe me, I enjoy the
pain part almost as much as the humiliation part."

"But .. but .. I can't .. not with John watching .. it'll kill him." she sobbed
as she bent over to try to hide her tits and lifted up a leg in a pathetic
attempt to keep her cunt from view.

"No, my poor stupid little fuck toy, 'it' won't kill him, I'll kill him,"
replied Paul.  "If that's what you want, it can be arranged.  Think it through,
dumb ass.  A bit of sex, a nice video with you agreeing to everything, probably
with a bit of begging thrown in and we'll have had our fun.  We'll have our
insurance that you don't go to the cops and you can get married in two days.  Or
.. we do a great torture and rape movie.  John loses his ears, his tongue, a few
fingers and then, in the finale, his nuts and his cock.  You get to eat most of
the bits we've hacked off.  You also get to enjoy more pain in a couple of hours
than you ever imagined possible.  Whipped tits, sliced nipples, a branch up your
cunt, your ass stuffed with brambles, and those are just my ideas.  Rob has
loads more little scenes worked out in his brain.  And, because we don't have
your agreement not to report it to the police, it won't be your wedding in two
days, it'll be your funeral.  Now, have a little think while I have a nice chat
with John.  I'll be back for your decision in a minute."

Paul strolled over to John and stood between his outstretched legs.  "How's
things my friend," he said.  "Hope you are breathing OK now.  Puke does tend to
block up the nasal passages, doesn't it.  How much more pain do you think you
can stand?  I'd love to find out.  Or shall I start in on sweet-cheeks over
there?  What about slowly cutting off her nipples and feeding them to her?  And
then we could start to slice off her tits, half an inch at a time.  Perhaps
fucking the knife up her ass would finish her off but it might only leave her
unable to shit without infecting herself and dying slowly through blood
poisoning rather than blood loss.  We could find out.  What do you say?  Look,
you seem to be having difficulty talking at the moment so I'll make it easy. 
Nod your head in answer to the questions that I ask, and if you get a wrong
answer I'll give you a little tap on the balls to help you get it right.  OK?"

John groaned through the gag but nodded his head to show he understood.

"Good.  Now in a minute we are going to introduce sweet-cheeks over there to the
joys of rock hard cock.  She's going to find out what she has been missing all
these years.  Is that OK with you, John?"

The trussed up college kid shook his head violently and wriggled as though he
was trying to loosen the ropes.

"Oh dear," said Paul and kneed him in the balls, "and I really thought we were
starting to understand each other."

John's face again creased up in pain.  He jerked around as he tried to protect
his crotch from Paul who brought his knee up into his scrotum twice more.  John
crumpled, as much as you can crumple when your arms are held up by a rope which
will dislocate your shoulders if you fall to the ground, and tried desperately
to breath through his nose as Paul stood quietly in front of him.  As John
recovered Paul reached over and squeezed his nose so that he could not breathe
and, for the fourth time, crushed his balls with his knee.

"John, please pay attention," said Paul. "Your fiancee is going to be fucked by
me and Rob.  She will be joining in the fun with some enthusiasm or else we will
kill you both, very slowly and very painfully.  All we want you to do is to
agree and to add a little encouragement at the right times.  It makes for a much
better film if everybody knows what their role is, says their lines at the right
time and generally looks as though they are enjoying themselves.  Now.  I'll ask
you again.  Is all of this OK with you?"

John was trying to shake his head to loosen Paul's grip on his nose, as his face
started to become an interesting shade of red.

"I hope you're not shaking your head to say 'no' again, John," Paul smiled.  "I
can't believe that you would be that stupid.  I'm going to let go now and we
shall see if you have learned anything.  Is it OK for us to fuck Vanessa?"

Paul released his grip and John desperately tried to get air into his lungs
through his nose.  After a few seconds of spluttering Paul grabbed his hair and
pulled upwards so that John was staring straight at him.  "I said, is it OK,
John?".

John nodded his head furiously as Paul laughed.  "I knew you would see sense in
the end.  I'll tell Vanessa the good news in a minute but first lets get you
ready for your part in this production."

Checking that I was still covering John with the gun, Paul picked up the knife
and proceeded to cut off John's clothes.  When every last bit was on the ground
in front of him Paul went and got the fishing line and began to work on John's
cock and balls.  First, he tied the line tightly around the base of John's dick. 
It looked as if the line might be cutting into the flesh but Paul stopped short
of removing his manhood and made the binding just tight enough to prevent any
blood flow into John's soft cock.  There was no way this guy was going to get a
hard-on until the line was cut.

The next loop of fishing line went round the soft dick just below the head, and
was fixed with a slipknot which would cause an extra bit of agony when pulled
tight.  Paul continued with his work as he carefully trussed up the large pair
of balls that were hanging in front of him.  The sac, that was now so swollen
after Paul's assault, was tied round with the fishing line so that each ball was
separated and wrapped up like an Easter egg, again with slipknots incorporated
in the ties.  The three free ends of the lines from each of his balls and cock
head were left loose.

Paul stood up and looked at John.  "Does this hurt?" he said as he pulled gently
on one of the lines to John's balls.

John's muffled scream and frantic head nodding gave Paul his answer.  He
repeated the process with the other two lines until John was crying with pain,
and then tied the lines around the wrench.  He held the wrench up to John's
face.

"I've only pulled on the lines gently so far," Paul told him.  "Think what it
will be like if I really go for it ..  like this" and he dropped the wrench. 
The fishing lines stopped the wrench 6 inches above the ground where it jerked
around as John's gag failed to contain his scream of utter agony.

"Fucking wimp.  That's just a little reminder of what can happen if you don't do
as you are told," said Paul. "I'm going to cut you down now but you just stick
around here while I have another chat with the star of our show."

Paul cut the rope holding John's arms and legs and he sank to the ground in a
pile of misery.  His hands were still cuffed behind him but he rolled into a
ball as he tried to gain some relief from the intense pain that was slicing
upwards from his groin.


Chapter 15

Vanessa was sitting on the ground unable to think straight.  She had watched
Paul totally humiliate her husband-to-be whom she had thought would be her
protector against all things evil.  The realisation that there was nothing he
could do to save them and that she was going to suffer all her worst nightmares
and more, was having its effect on her mind.  As usual, Paul was in charge and
everything was going exactly as planned.

"Hello, my little virgin." Paul's voice jerked her away from her thoughts of the
hell that was to come. "I hope you've made up your mind.  John over there hopes
that the decision is a big 'yes'.  He's agreed to help us to make this a really
special movie and he wants you to join in."

She looked up at him and through her tears came her answer.

"How can you be so cruel?  What have we done to deserve this?  I'll do it to
save John, but I won't enjoy it and I won't help you."

"Yes you will," replied Paul.  "If you don't then John is going to be missing a
couple of the important things that make a real man.  Why not discuss the whole
thing with him?  But before you do lets make sure I have your full attention."

Paul called me over and got me to stand behind her to hold her still.  I used
the opportunity to grab two handfuls of tit and mauled her flesh as Paul cut two
pieces of fishing line and made them into loops.  He reached forward and took
her nipple between his finger and thumb.  She tried to twist away from my grip
but had no chance.  She was no match for the two of us and after Paul had
slapped her face a couple of times she stopped struggling.  He gripped the
nipple hard, slipped a loop of line round the base and pulled it tight, and then
did the same with her other teat.

"Oh god," she cried as the pain started to enter her mind. "Please .. no .. take
them off .. please .. they hurt .."

"Those are staying on until the end of our little party," said Paul.  "There is
nothing quite like hard painful nipples to keep a girl's mind in line, and it
makes them look so good for the camera. Of course, there may be a little problem
cutting the line off now that the loops are tied up but I'll let you deal with
that when we finish."

"Please .. its hurts .. Please don't .. oh god .."

Paul ignored her, undid her rope and led her over to where John was still lying
in anguish on the ground.

"Keep your eye on them," he instructed me.  "They can talk and touch as much as
they want but make sure they don't try to undo any of the bindings.  I've got a
load of preparation to get through if this thing is really going to be fun."

As always, I was amazed at the lengths that Paul went to.  If I'd been on my own
she would have been fucked in every hole by now, her useless boyfriend would be
bleeding his life away on the ground and I'd be in the car 20 miles away.  But
not Paul.  Preparation, thought, careful planning, detailed execution - they're
all things that most perverts don't bother with, but Paul was an expert.  That
is probably why I had been in jail four times already while Paul's criminal
record was one speeding ticket.

Paul now worked away on getting the whole thing set up.  He had been carrying
his film making equipment with him for his business trip and now it all came out
of the car.  Cameras and tripods were positioned.  Microphones set up.  A large
blanket was laid out on the grass.  A couple of stakes were driven into the
ground nearby.  And for twenty minutes Paul sat writing cue cards - big
wipe-over pieces of board that have the actors' lines written on them.  Paul
said he had to use them all the time in his films because guys with big cocks
and girls with big tits couldn't remember to say 'yes' without help.  Eventually
everything was ready and Paul walked over to the happy couple holding the
boards. 

"And the decision is ... ?" he asked.

They both looked up dejectedly.  "OK." said John. "You win.  We'll do what you
want but please be gentle with Vanessa."

Paul shook his head slowly in feigned amazement.  "God you're a stupid wanker,"
he said.  "We are going to do exactly what we want, and so are you.  Vanessa is
ours, and so are you if we want.  Just be thankful that I'm not gay.  One word
of protest and this changes from a porn movie to a snuff movie.  Now, read
through these.  In a couple of minutes we are going to do some shots of you two
saying these lines.  We'll do it several times so I've got a selection of
different voice-overs to use when I do the editing.  You'll be saying these
lines during the film as well, but in case you fuck up in the heat of the moment
I'll have a load of extra bits I can use later."

John and Vanessa sat and looked at what Paul had written.  Vanessa started to
cry almost immediately while John tried to comfort her.  He kept telling her
that they were only words and he knew that she really loved him and that nothing
could stop him loving her and that it would be alright and that he would look
after her and tons of other bullshit.  The dickhead was doing Paul's work for
him.

After five minutes Paul propped the cards up against a nearby tree and started
the camera.  "OK kids.  It's show time.  Sweet-cheeks, read out the first card"

"Oh no, please, no" was her response.  Paul sighed, walked over to where they
were sitting and picked up the wrench that was still tied to the ends of fishing
line.  He said nothing as he yanked it so hard that John was pulled 2 feet
towards him.  His agonised screams filled the clearing as the sobbing Vanessa
started begging for mercy for her man.  Paul returned to the camera and looked
straight at Vanessa.

"I said, read out the first card."

"Oh god .. p .. p .. please f .. f .. fuck me." she managed to say through her
tears.

"That was crap" said Paul. "Try again.  If you don't get it right in another two
goes, John's balls are going to be taking another tug of love."

It took four tries before she managed to come up with something that Paul
thought was even close to acceptable, and John's sobs of torment as the slip
knots in the line tightened round his aching balls were noticeable in the
background the whole time.

After half an hour Paul was getting reasonable lines from them, and if their
voices didn't convey too much expression there was enough material to allow him
to put together something that would be passable on film, particularly with the
music, gasping and moaning that he would dub on later.  From reading everything
that was on the cards it was obvious what the plot of the film was to be and, as
always, my admiration for Paul's twisted mind was undiminished.  He had also got
them to say lots of simple words, like 'yes', 'please', 'now', 'more', 'harder'
and many others, so that he could insert them later.

"Right.  Lets move to the action shall we?" Paul finally said.  He tied John's
fishing lines - which were too fine to be picked up by the camera - to the
stakes outside the view of the lens so that his movement was restricted to the
blanket, removed their hand cuffs and reminded them that I had the gun and was
covering them both.  "Lie down and start cuddling each other.  Fuck-baby, get
your hand around his dick and try to jack him up to something like a hard on. 
Lets go."

.....

Whenever I watch the film it is always better than it was in real life.  Paul is
a very good editor and although I know that the happy couple were only
participating to save their lives, I can still be convinced by the words and
action on the screen that they both really wanted her to get totally and
completely fucked.  As a fuck film its not bad, but as a rape film it's crap
because the pair of lovebirds seem to enjoy what the girl is going through. 
It's only because I know they were tearing their souls apart as they begged for
Vanessa to be taken in every hole that the film is such a turn on.

The film is an hour and a half long but in reality it took over four hours of
filming, with three cameras, to get all the footage including all the different
angles.  We had to stop to change positions, to get them to agree to some new
act that their innocent little minds couldn't comprehend, to repeat their lines,
to give John's fishing lines a pull or two, to allow Vanessa time to stop
crying, and a hundred other things.  I just couldn't be a film star.  I got my
rocks off three times during filming but I only really enjoy the whole scene
when I watch it again as a completed movie.

The film starts with the lovers lying naked on a blanket on the ground.  She is
jerking his cock first with one hand and then two.  She is kissing him and
moaning like mad but nothing seems to be happening to the stud's dick - not
surprising really when the blood flow is cut off by fishing line - and she
starts to get sulky and disappointed.  John, who doesn't seem to be enjoying
having his cock jerked about, says that he loves her but is worried by his
inexperience.  Both of them are virgins and with their wedding happening the
following day he doesn't really know what to do sexually.  Vanessa agrees that
it would be better if they had some experience.

A stranger appears - its funny how you never really get a clear view of the
faces of either of the strangers in the film - and says he has been watching for
a while and perhaps he can help.  They agree and soon John is sucking nipples
and licking cunt, with encouragement from the stranger.  Vanessa, meanwhile, is
learning how to suck the stranger's cock.  When only Paul or me were in shot the
other of us was using a hand held camera for close-ups, and there are lots of
close-ups of Vanessa's sweet lips working away on mine and Paul's hard dicks.

When John has got Vanessa's cunt wet and ready with his tongue, both her and
John start begging Paul to fuck her so that they can see how it should be done. 
John holds her cunt lips open as Vanessa spreads her long legs as wide as they
will go and Paul rams his cock as hard as he can up her virgin hole.  He
explains to John that it is no good being gentle with virgins because it is
better to get the pain over in one go.  As the fucking continues Vanessa is told
how to use her hands to increase Paul's pleasure by feeling for his shaft as it
slides into her, by caressing his back, by kissing him and by encouraging him
with words and groans.  John is shown carefully studying the action as he
helpfully holds her legs out of the way.

After a good 15 minutes Paul cums deep inside her unprotected vagina and, as he
pulls his dick from her oozing cunt, he explains how important it is for the
woman to have the man leave his potent seed as deep as possible in her body.  It
seems that John has missed a few of the more important points and asks if Paul
could show him again.  Paul is not able to assist immediately but offers the
services of his friend who has also been watching all the action.  Both John and
Vanessa are happy to repeat the process only this time she is made to fuck
herself on my rampant cock as I lie back and relax on the blanket.  John is
allowed to suck her nipples as this scene continues.

After I shoot my spunk deep into her cunt John is able to demonstrate his new
found skills and lick out her drooling slit.  The mix of slime, spunk and blood
is carefully recorded as John laps everything up.  At the other end of the
blanket Vanessa is doing the same job on Paul's cock, although by now her cunt
juice is congealing on his dick and she has to work hard to get the shaft clean. 
Her efforts are rewarded by a growing hardness in Paul's cock and she is allowed
to continue sucking, including some forced deep throat with Paul's hand behind
her head, until his cock empties its second load into her mouth.

John has finally finished cleaning her sloppy cunt and is heard thanking the two
men for their help and asking if there is anything else he should know.  He is
interested in everything and hopes to learn other techniques to keep his
bride-to-be happy.  Paul tells him to tongue Vanessa's ass and soon she is
prepared for the next invasion of her sweet virgin body.  Vanessa is busy
working on my cock with her mouth and hands and is showing off her new found
deep throat skills.  Twice, when she gags on the cock and pulls back, she is
heard to ask the man to help by using his hands to force her head down onto his
dick, because she wants to be sure she is doing it properly.

Once my cock is really juiced up I remove it from her drooling mouth and move
round to her ass.  John pulls her cheeks apart to reveal a nicely tongued hole
and Vanessa reaches back to position my rock hard dick ready to commence her
first sodomy session.  To the sound of John's voice encouraging me to fuck her
hard, my cock tears her hole wide open as I follow Paul's previous advice to get
the pain out of the way.  Although Vanessa seems to be having a hard time
initially, she is soon moaning and begging for more as she reaches back to
cradle my balls.

After spunking up her ass I again have my cock cleaned thoroughly by Vanessa's
sweet mouth and she works on it for half an hour before I get hard again and
shoot my final load into her throat.  By this time Paul has finished his turn at
raping her ass and she immediately has to start cleaning a second shit covered
cock.  John is busy licking out the cocktail of spunk, shit and blood which is
oozing from her wide open hole.

The film ends with John solemnly shaking our hands and thanking us for showing
him what to do while Vanessa is lying on the blanket, frigging herself and
begging for more.  John kneels down beside her and her hands try again to get
his cock hard but he still can't get it up.

When it was over we went through their gear and removed anything valuable.  In
her make-up bag I found a nail file and my nasty brain started to think of the
possibilities.  I had a word with Paul and he agreed that as we had the time to
make a short little movie about pain.  I knew I had one more cum in me if only I
could get the right stimulus.


Chapter 16

John had mostly recovered from the pain in his crutch and was now just suffering
the continual ache that happens when your balls are crushed and then trussed up. 
I thought this was not really in the spirit of the game so I kicked him in the
nuts a few times.

"Noooo .. stop .. please .." Vanessa was trying to move her body to protect her
humiliated fiance.  "You said that if we co-operated you would leave us alone."

"Yeah, right," I smiled.  "I'm a liar."

"Please leave us alone," she begged, "haven't you done enough?"

"No, we fucking haven't," I laughed. "This is the bit I really enjoy.  This is
the bit where you beg for the pain my little slut.  And if you don't, I'm going
to cut his balls off, one at a time."

John was lying curled up clutching his battered scrotum.  I re-tied his arms and
legs to the trees to leave him spread-eagled on the ground.  Vanessa was left
without any bindings at all, apart from the fishing lines which were still doing
a great job on her nipples.  I grabbed John's cock and started to slowly work
the nail file over the head - backwards and forwards on the same area all the
time.  At first John was unable to distinguish between the new pain and the
continual ache he was suffering but then he began to realise that a different
kind of agony was filtering its way into his head.

"Please .. no .. for the love of god .. haven't you done enough ..  christ ..
please .. stop ... it's too much .."

"You see, Vanessa," I smiled, "Only you can stop this.  Soon I'll draw blood,
but when that happens I'll start somewhere else.  He thinks it hurts now when
I'm rubbing the head but wait until I start just below.  That's where it's
really sensitive.  Oh, I was forgetting, now you've had cocksucking lessons you
know that."

"Noooo .. please .. help .. please god .. stop .. pleeease .." John's voice was
beginning to sound desperate as the backwards and forwards action made the top
of his cock turn from bright red to purple. 

"STOP. STOP."  Vanessa threw herself towards me to try to push me away, but I
was waiting for her move and grabbed her by the throat.  Holding her tight in
one hand I reached for the knife and placed it on one of John's swollen balls. 
The point pushed down and a small trickle of blood welled up from the bloated
sac.  I pushed Vanessa's head down to John's crutch.  John was howling in pain
and begging as though his life depended on it - which, I suppose, it did.

"Try that one more time you little slut and his balls get spiked to the ground. 
Understand?"

"Yes. Yes.  Please stop.  I'll be good.  Please leave him alone," she whimpered.

I threw her down to the ground and picked up the nail file again. "OK but only
if you do this right.  Beg for pain.  If I get something, a file, a branch, a
bramble, anything, and you don't beg me to hurt you with it, the knife goes all
the way through this guy's spunk maker.  And then it'll be the other one,
followed by slashed nipples, sliced cock and impaled ass until you get it right.
You beg or he becomes a blubbering eunuch.  No second chances.  Ready to play? 
Right, now I'm holding a nail file.  Your turn ...."

"I don't know what to do .." she cried, "please don't hurt him.  Please leave
him alone."

"Stupid bitch," I said and pushed down with the knife until it stuck halfway
into John's ball.  He screamed in white hot agony and then passed out.  "You
better work out what to do by the time he wakes up or it goes all the way in."

Paul emptied a bottle of water over John's head and he groaned.

"OK, Vanessa," I said, "I reckon you've got about five seconds before he
remembers there's a knife in his balls.  Hope you've sussed out the right words
by then."

I was in heaven.  Inflicting pain is just so good.  It doesn't really matter
whether it's a man or woman who is in agony as long as I get to hear screams. 
Women are better in some respects because they can offer so much in return for
mercy, but men and boys are so centred around their cock and balls that the
terror in their eyes is fantastic when they think that they are about to spend
the rest of their lives without their pecker.  Desperate isn't the word.

John began to scream again and to help him along I twisted the knife just a
little.  Vanessa was unable to comprehend what was going on.  It seemed obvious
to me, but the stupid slut just wasn't thinking it through.  Eventually, as John
was offering to be my slave for life if I would only take the knife out, she
finally got somewhere near her role.

"Do it to me instead," she blurted out.

"What?  Stick the knife in your balls?  Yeah, stupid cunt.  Believe me, if you
had any, I would but perhaps you can think of somewhere else I could put it."

"My .. my .. oh god .. put it in my breast."  She sobbed out the last words as
her brain finally cottoned onto the game, and her only way of saving her loved
one.

"Not bad, but I need more enthusiasm.  And anyway I told you fucking hours ago
that I'm holding a nail file, or have you forgotten?  We'll get round to the
knife later."

"Oh god .. the file .. use the file on me .. not John," she whimpered.  "Use it
on my .. on my .. breasts .."

"They're too big, cunt, think of something in the same area but a bit smaller. 
Something that is already hurting.  And when you've thought of it started
begging properly.  I ain't stopping with this knife unless I'm convinced you
seriously want me to hurt you."

"Oh noooo .. nooo .." she was crying as she realised her nipples were about to
be sacrificed for John's potency.  "Oh god .. my nipples .. use the file on my
nipples please .."

"Right place but nowhere near enough enthusiasm," I grinned as I twisted the
knife further into the swollen sac between John's legs.  "This seems like more
fun at the moment."

John was becoming delirious.  His attempts to save his balls and stop the pain
were going off the scale.  "Pleeease .. no more .. for god's sake .. please ..
aarrrggghhhh .. help me .. I'll give you anything .. please stop .. I'll be your
slave .. I'll suck your cock .. aaarrgghh .. I'll give you everything I have ..
please .. stop .. help me .. oh god ..Vanessa .. pleeease .. stop him .. help me
... please .."

She tried again.  Desperately now.  Her chances to save her man were diminishing
with every second.  "Please Rob .. please .. use the file on me .. file my
nipples .. please .."

"Getting there, fuck-face," I goaded her.

"File my nipples .. pleease .. use it on them .. they hurt so much already ..
you'll enjoy it .. I'll rub your cock while you do it .. please .. please ..
make them bleed .. I want you to do it .. oh god .. please hurt me .."

I decided to give her what she wanted.  Leaving the knife sticking up out of
John's bleeding ball sac, I moved over to where Vanessa sat sobbing.  "Push your
tits out for me, you little pain slut," I told her. "Make me believe it's what
you want."  

In the circumstances she did quite well, thrusting her chest towards me and
holding her position for most of her torture.  I started slowly just working the
file over the tip of her teat.  The fishing wire around the base of her nipples
had been in place for several hours and the engorged buds were now
hyper-sensitive.  The pain got to her very quickly.

"God ..  aarrgghh .. no .. please .. no .."

"OK," I said and went back to John's limp dick.  Starting on a new area right
next to where blood was now oozing from the roughened head, I soon had John back
in the groove.

"Please .. please .. stop .. anything .. I'll do anything .. aaaarrrrggghh .. oh
christ .. pleeease stop .. "

In moments Vanessa joined in again.  "No .. leave him alone .. please .. do it
to me .. I can take it .. please .."  She reached beneath the base of her nipple
with her finger and thumb to hold the throbbing teat still, as she pushed her
chest towards me.

"I don't believe you, cunt face," I said, as I stopped filing for a moment to
turn the knife another quarter inch in John's pierced scrotum.  "You lied last
time so if I start on you again you're going to have to keep begging for more
all the time I'm doing it.  OK?"

"Oh god .. yes .. I'll do it .. please leave John alone .. please .. I'll ..
I'll hold my nipple for you .. I'll let you file it  .. I'll ask you to keep
going .. please .. just stop hurting John .."

I happily swapped John's battered cockhead for Vanessa's raw nipple and went
back to work.  John's moans lent a sweet undertone to Vanessa's high pitched
whimpering and occasional screams. 

"Aaarrrggghhh .. yes .. that's it .. do it .. nnnggghhh .. I .. oh god .. its ..
its too much .. I can't .. please .. no more .. please .."

I lifted the file and looked into her eyes.  Through floods of tears she
realised that there was only one way for John to survive this ordeal.  She took
my hand and moved it to her other teat.  "Do that one as well .. aarrrggghhh ..
go on .. harder .. AAAAAARRRGGHH .. more .. more .. please .. do it .. don't
stop .."

When blood was dripping from each of her nipples I stopped and looked around for
the next implement to increase her pain.  Her screaming died down to constant
moans, frequently broken by gasps and sobs.  Off to one side were some brambles
- thick and wiry with thousands of small needles all round each stem.  I went
back to the car to get some gloves and then took the knife out of John's bloody
ball sac and cut two of the thickest I could find.  Making Vanessa push her
chest out again I wrapped them round each of her tits, starting at the base and
working up to her nipples.  As each small thorn entered her tits she screamed
again, especially when I squeezed the briars into her flesh.  I couldn't make
the ends stay in position so I told the tortured sobbing girl to hold them in
place.

Picking up a small branch I began to whip her breasts as she struggled to hold
the brambles in position.  The plant stopped the makeshift whip from reaching
her flesh but each stoke drove the needles of pain deeper and deeper into her. 
I was rock hard again and knew that I would not be able to last much longer. 
Moving Vanessa next to John I turned her head sideways so that her mouth was
able to suck my cock while I could whip her beautiful bound tits.

"Last bit, sweet-cheeks," I laughed. "You keep those brambles on your tits and
suck cock like you've never done before.  I'll whip you and stand on John's
balls.  John is going to scream.  Right, everyone knows what to do?  As soon as
I come, we can all go home."

Vanessa did her best but seemed to find it difficult to concentrate which meant
the blow job went on much longer than I had expected.  I played my part really
well and by the end I had managed to whip most of the brambles off her body
although shit loads of needles were still embedded in her tits.  John should
have got a special mention for playing his part with enthusiasm as I used his
scrotum like a wah-wah pedal.  Eventually the fun had to end and I came deep in
Vanessa throat, while placing all my weight on John's balls.

When I had finished we packed away the filming equipment and left the two lovers
in the clearing trying to untie the fishing lines without increasing their
agony.

We checked the local paper on the internet a few days later and pissed ourselves
laughing when we saw that they had gone through with the wedding, although John
had been in a wheelchair because of a "temporary mobility problem".  As a
special momento Paul sent them a copy of the video to the address on her
driver's licence.


Chapter 17

As we drove through the evening Paul finished his story about what had been
happening with his new family.

On her 14th birthday Paul had decided it was time to introduce Lucy to her new
life.  The birthday girl gets her 'special' presents in private when her sisters
have gone to bed.  Her mother just sits and stares at the TV as Lucy opens a
selection of boxes that have been purchased at various sex shops.  Vibrators,
dildos, love-balls, corsets, high heels, the sluttiest nurse's uniform a mind
could think of, ball-gags, you name it, Lucy now seems to own it.  All of these
things she has seen on the videos.  Most of them she has fantasised about
owning.  Some of them she has secretly bought or stolen since her mind became
obsessed with sex.

Paul gives his special girl some champagne, and the alcohol - with another
'supplement' added - means that Paul has one of the best nights of his life. 
Lucy enjoys most of it and even those bits that hurt at first seem to be a price
well worth paying now that her life has meaning.  It seems that ever since she
could remember she wanted to be Paul's fuck-toy.  Her mother doesn't seem to
notice and Lucy is absolutely certain that she must dedicate herself to being
Paul's sexual plaything.

She leaves school to be 'privately educated' at home.  Educated by Paul, of
course, with a bit more help from his hypnotist friend who now gets young cunt
as payment for his work.  Paul doesn't mind sharing and Lucy is ecstatic when
she gets more sex and sees that Paul is happy.  Lucy spends each day trying to
think of things to keep Paul happy.  She studies sex manuals, she watches blue
movies, she reads every porn novel she can get her hands on.  She fucks him
whenever, however, where-ever he wants.  She suggests new positions or ideas the
whole time, but never complains if Paul doesn't want to fuck tonight or chooses
something different to what she had planned.

She is a complete slave to Paul and although wanting sex the entire time,
follows the strict rules he has laid down. 

1.  Whatever Paul says is right
2.  Whatever Paul wants he gets.
3.  Never even think about fucking anyone else unless Paul says so, then do it
in whatever way Paul says.
4.  Paul can fuck anyone he wants and she will think it is wonderful and will
join in if Paul says so.

Her sisters are not to know about her addiction to sex with Paul.  They may
wonder at some of her more revealing costumes and they might think her
relationship with her adopted father is a bit weird, but they are to be kept as
innocent as possible of Paul's perverted desires until he decides how he will
use them.  In her perverted little mind it is very simple.  Paul is God.

I sat in the car and listened to this story.  Paul obviously was God.  He had
all the money he could want.  He had two women who would fuck him any way he
wanted.  One of them was apparently not as good as she had been but still did
whatever she was told, but the other was still only 15 and was everything a man
could dream of.  He also had two other little cunts coming up on the rails to
help out with his perverted ideas if he ever got bored.

It was about midnight and we were an hour or so from home when Paul phoned Lucy. 
"Hi fuck-bunny" he said, "how are those tight little holes?  In need of a cock?" 

I could hear the squeal of delight at the other end of the phone when she
realised it was her lover coming home, and for a laugh Paul put the phone on
'speaker' so I could hear her properly.

"Oh god, lover.  Please hurry back.  My cunt needs you.  I'm going crazy without
your beautiful cock.  Say you'll fuck my ass before you do anything else when
you get home.  I've been practicing squeezing my ass muscles on the dildo and I
know you're going to love the way I can give you even more fun when you bugger
me.  I need to suck you.  I'll do it all night long.  I won't let you take your
cock out of me for a moment.  Please hurry.  I'm playing with myself now and
knowing you'll be here soon is making me so wet.  Hurry lover.  I love you and
your hard cock.  Please hurry home and fuck your little cock slut."

"If you've been good I got a friend who can help you out as well," laughed Paul,
"but before you make yourself cum, I need to get a couple of things organised. 
Have you been doing everything I told you to Tina?"

"Yes, baby.  I'll do anything you want.  You know that.  Does your friend have a
big cock?  Will you both fuck me together?  Can I suck him while you bugger me? 
Oh .. oh .. oh .. ooohhh .. fuuuccckkkkiiinnngg   cuuuummmiiinnggg ..  ooohhh 
...  oohhh .. oohh .."  The phone went quiet for a minute as she tried to get
her breath back.  "Oh god, I love you.  I can cum just by hearing your voice,
you beautiful man.  You must come home soon to fuck me properly.  I'll make it
so good for you.  Oh god .. now my juices are running down my leg .. "

"God you're a slut." Paul smiled at me as we listened to her gentle gasps and
moans.  "Where's your mother?  Is she down at the bar?"

"Yes, lover.  She went out three hours ago.  She is supposed to be back by two
o'clock.  Come home to me baby.  Come and fuck your little tight slave cunt. 
Hurry, please.  I can show your friend how wide I can spread my legs so that he
can get full access to my wet hole.  I can do you both if you want.  Two minutes
in my ass, two minutes in my mouth, and then back to my ass.  He'll love how I
can throat his shit covered cock.  Is he a good lover like you?  I cum every
time you touch me, lover.  Oh .. oh .. oh .. I'm getting there again .."

"You'll wear out that clit of yours," Paul replied.  "I'll get Judy on the way
in and be with you in an hour or so.  Make sure you don't cum again until we get
there.  I want you to really be in need of cock when we come home."

"Oh .. oh .. oh .. you're so cruel .." she giggled down the phone, "I'll never
be able to stop playing with myself now I know I going to be fucked tonight. 
It'll be such sweet torture but I'll try.  My cunt will be so fresh and open and
ready for you.  Please hurry.  I'll go mad if you don't stick your big dick in
me soon."

"Just do your best" said Paul. "See you later."

I know Paul had told me she was a slut but that call was amazing.

"So," said Paul. "Do you still want to come and meet my little nymphet?"

Did I?  Paul isn't noted for stupid questions but that one took first prize. 
I'd give my right ball to meet her.  She didn't know who I was, I had never even
seen her photograph, but there she was offering me every hole she had over the
phone just because Paul had said he was bringing a friend home.

"Yeah, OK." I said, trying not to sound like I was drooling at the prospect of
meeting his teen fuck-bunny.

An hour later we were driving through the darkened streets on the rough side of
town.

"Sorry about this diversion." said Paul. "Got to pick up Judy.  She can't drive
in her state but she still fucks well if you don't want any natural reaction,
though her acting is still pretty convincing.  Seemed to me to be exactly what
hookers do, so I've had her on the streets for the last few months to earn some
money.  We don't need the cash but it keeps her out of Lucy's way and sometimes
it's a laugh quizzing her to find out how she got a black eye from a punter, or
gang banged in her ass by six drunk college kids, or whatever.  She wont tell
you on her own, but if you see the signs of something on her body and ask the
right questions you often get interesting answers."

We pulled up outside a closed bar and from 30 yards away a hooker walked towards
us.  It was Judy.  Now, I know that I didn't see her at her best that day three
years ago but I did get a good look at her tits.  The prostitute walking towards
us had hooters twice the size of Judy's even after I'd tied them up.

"Those tits could take your eye out," I joked.

"Yeah," laughed Paul, "cost a bit as well, but they look good on her and it's
what the punters want.  She also knows how to walk, talk and use her body to the
maximum effect.  By doing everything expected of her she gets more clients and I
get more money."

He was, as usual, dead right.  The legs in their ridiculously high heeled red
leather lace up thigh boots, the swirl of the miniscule rah-rah skirt as her
hips sashayed towards us, the waist-coat that didn't even try to meet at the
front and was cut so short at the sides that her tits were visible from
virtually every angle, everything about her said 'this is your dream hooker'. 
As she reached the car I saw a tattoo on her stomach.  Curving over a heart
formed round her belly-button were the words 'IF YOU WANT IT' while curving
underneath was the line 'I DO IT'.

"The tattoo's a bit in-your-face isn't it." I said. "I thought you were the
classy, subtle one, Paul."

"Fuck off." he laughed. "She's a fucking whore.  She shags guys against a wall,
sucks cocks for peanuts and sticks her head in the dirt so her ass is available. 
What do you want, fucking Shakespeare? ... Hey Rob, why not get in the back with
her and have a blow-job for old times sake."

I wasn't actually that keen.  I had been having trouble with a hard on since his
phone conversation with Lucy and I wanted to save up my cum for her young cunt. 
"Well, I was thinking I might be better with Lucy if I didn't spunk now," I
said.

Paul laughed.  "Don't worry about that.  You could have had three colossal
orgasms in the last half hour but I guarantee that Lucy would get you hard again
in two minutes.  She is one sweet piece.  Enjoy yourself with Judy.  I promise
that your first meeting with Lucy will be even better if you get rid of your
first load now."

I got out of the passenger seat and climbed into the back after Judy.  Her body,
her clothes, her hair, her make-up, even her smell all said "I'm a whore.  I'm
the whore in your wildest fantasy.  Fuck me."

"Hi slut," I said. "Remember me?"

She looked at me but there was absolutely no recognition in her eyes.  In fact,
I think she would have had trouble recognising a lamppost.  There was nobody
home.

"Judy," Paul twisted round to look at her, "give me the money and then give my
friend the best blow job you've ever done."

"Yes, Paul" was the only reply.  She reached into her small purse and gave Paul
a wad of notes.  400 or so if I guessed right.  Paul took the cash and put the
car into gear as she turned towards me.  The transformation was almost instant. 
It was as if you had flipped the switch that said 'slut whore' and then watched
the screen dissolve as the bored streetwalker disappeared and the pixels
rearranged themselves into 'your honey for the night'.

"Hi baby," she moaned, as if sitting next to me was turning her on.  Her hands
worked the magic they had all those years back and within a few minutes my shirt
was open and my nipples had been caressed and sucked.  My jeans were on the
floor as her hands and mouth explored every part of my body.  She seemed to have
more than one pair of hands as my thighs, ass, stomach, balls and cock were all
subjected to her expert fondling.

My dick was rock hard as the head was gently stroked with one hand and my balls
were caressed by the other.  She had shucked the waistcoat from her shoulders so
I could play with her tits and she was rubbing the huge mammaries on every
available part of my exposed flesh.

Her mouth slowly enveloped my cock head and gently sucked it back and forth
between her lips, before sliding downwards towards the base in one long sweet
slow movement.  When she hit rock bottom she held still for over a minute as her
throat swallowed around my solid manhood until, just as slowly, she pulled her
mouth back up my cock to the tip.  She kept this up without pausing, for the
short ride to Paul's place.

As we got near to the house her hand increased its gentle caressing of my balls,
somehow she got a finger into my ass to work on my prostate and her moans of
pleasure heightened.  Her timing was excellent.  As Paul brought the car to a
halt, my cock exploded into her throat as she swallowed and swallowed.  As she
gently withdrew my cock from her mouth she lapped up any remaining gobs of spunk
and spit that were left on my shaft.

"How was it?" asked Paul.  "She's fucking good, ain't she?  She's had so much
practice that I'm thinking of entering her in a competition.  If she wasn't a
bit past it I'm sure she could suck for Texas."

"Not bad, not bad at all," was my reply, "but you know it would have been better
if I had been able to cut her tits off at the same time."

"Yeah, I know." Paul smiled, "but your method never leaves any fun for the next
day.  Unless you're going to stick them back on somehow.  These are my women and
they don't get damaged unless I say.  Come and meet Lucy."




	Author's Note : The second half of this part of the story degenerates
through hardcore to extreme, culminating in snuff. 

	If you do not wish to read material such as this, stop when you are
uncomfortable.  You are an adult.  You make your own decisions.

	Whatever you want.


Chapter 18

As we got out of the car the front door opened.  A blonde teen vision in white
came out onto the porch and stood there jiggling her tits in the excitement of
seeing Paul.  She squealed with joy and bounced down the steps to hug him, kiss
him and offer him her body.

Yes, I know it seems a strange thing for a 15 year old kid to do at 2.30 in the
morning on the front porch, but she did.  And she was doing it without saying a
word.  A few moans but not one word.

She gasped with pleasure as she placed one hand high up on his neck, her fingers
spread to pull his face down to hers.  The elbow of that arm was gently sliding
across his chest to arouse his nipples.  Her fingers were caressing his neck and
head while the ball of her hand moved sensuously against his cheek.  I tell you,
just that one arm and hand would give any man an erection, but that was only one
limb - the three others were all doing their bit.

Her thigh was between his legs gently rubbing against his crotch and although
this leg offered her only support, even that was working hard to turn him on. 
Her other leg was wrapped round him.  The heel of her 6-inch stiletto shoe was
being carefully dragged up and down the backs of his legs as her calf managed to
stroke the underside of his ass.  Her hips seemed to pulsate as her pussy pushed
and rubbed over his groin area, while her other hand was working hard on
touching his ass cheeks and trying to get between his legs from behind.  Her
tits, which were far too big for her tiny waist, continually moved against his
body as her mouth and tongue worked overtime on his neck, face and lips.  She
alternated between placing butterfly kisses on his neck, breathing into his ear
while encircling it with her tongue, licking and kissing his face and frenching
his mouth.  The whole time she was whimpering and moaning as if she was in
continual orgasm.

I had cum in Judy's mouth only a minute before, but the sight of this nympho
using her body to beg for a fucking was causing my cock to harden.

"Hi fuck-bunny," said Paul, as he gently moved her away from his body, "this is
my mate Rob.  He knows your mother from way back and he's going to be staying
over for a while.  Are the girls in bed?"

"Yes lover," she gasped in the sexiest voice I had ever heard, "they won't see
me taking you to heaven and back.  I want to show you my latest trick.  It'll
blow your mind when you cum in my love hole.  Can we do it now baby?"  She had
glanced at me for nearly two seconds and then she only had eyes for Paul.

Paul told Lucy to get some beers and then took us into his home.  The house had
been big before but Paul had added some improvements with the insurance money
and it was now huge with loads of necessities like swimming pool, bar, pool
room, hot tub, you know, all the things you need to really enjoy life.

Judy went up to bed, Paul sat on the couch with Lucy at his feet, continually
rubbing his legs and crotch, while I sat opposite.

"You've done it again, you bastard," I laughed.  "I didn't really believe you
but this kid is incredible.  How do you manage to stay away from her for more
than 20 minutes.  I'd be fucking her all the time."

"It can be difficult" replied Paul, "but when you can have it anytime you don't
need it all the time.  The quality is so good that the quantity ain't so
important.  The best times are when we get other girls in on the act.  With Lucy
here as decoy we have managed to get some really fresh cunt on the end of my
cock.  She suckers them in and I stretch them out.  Anyway, I'm going to bed,
but if you fancy a go with fuck-bunny here, I haven't got a problem."

"Fucking ace, Paul.  Are you sure?  She's fucking dynamite and I don't want to
piss you off."

"Couldn't give a shit," he said, "you know me - they're all just wet holes as
far as I'm concerned.  Just one thing though, don't beat her up.  You don't need
to.  Just let her do her stuff, I promise it will be a revelation.  Lucy, you're
going to fuck Rob tonight."  With that he drained his beer, stood up and went
upstairs leaving me with the sweetest, sexiest, sluttiest little teen I had ever
seen.

For about two seconds Lucy looked disappointed that she wasn't going to fuck
Paul.  Then knowing that her master wanted her to fuck me instead, and being in
dire need of a cock,  she moved over to my side, half crawled onto the chair and
whispered in my ear.  "Come and fuck my tight wet cunt.  I bet your cock is big
and hard and beautiful and I'm dying to find out how it feels as it pumps inside
my little schoolgirl pussy.  My tight 15 year old ass is just waiting for its
turn as well.  I can feel it pulsing already.  Do you like schoolgirl asshole? 
Paul says my butt is the best he's had.  Please say you want to try it out."

"Oh, for fuck's sake," I moaned, trying not to cum in my pants.  "You fucking
bet, little girl.  You fucking bet.  Upstairs.  Now." 

As I followed her to the bedroom it was impossible not to be impressed by Paul's
handiwork.  The high heeled shoes were exquisite on her dainty feet.  Her long
legs were just the right shape and her butt moved like a dream inside the
designer white lace dress that had been cut to somehow make her look innocent
while exposing and accentuating as much flesh as possible.  Her breasts were
absolutely natural but at 38 D were really far too large for her slim body,
although any man with a cock would have thought they were just perfect.  Through
the lace material it was obvious she didn't need a bra and the slight upturn to
her tits, that ended in the same puffy nipples that her mother had, left no
doubt that the owner of this body was a sex toy.

Her long blonde hair, full lips, high cheek bones, round innocent blue eyes, and
sweet button nose gave her face a mix of angel and slut that was enough to get
you hard without even looking at the rest of her body.  And it was mine for the
night.

Normally I really enjoy giving out pain.  You cannot beat watching the tears,
hearing the screams and feeling the ridges left by a whip, while your cock is
deep inside some tortured little cunt.  But Lucy never gave me a minute to think
about how to hurt her.

She was incredible.  Her lips, mouth and throat were like nothing I have ever
experienced, and I've experienced a lot.  Her hands worked the entire time and
even her feet were in on the act.  Her cunt and ass were so hot and tight, and
the control she had over the muscles inside her body literally sucked the cum
out of my balls time after time.  The moment I spunked inside her she was
working to get me hard again, and I don't think she repeated any position or
technique through that long glorious night.

When I finally woke up the following afternoon my cock felt sore, but lying
there thinking about Lucy and what she had been doing to my body, soon started
the blood flowing back into my shaft.

I got up and went downstairs where Paul was lying back in a chair that must have
been specially made.  He was virtually on his back with his legs raised up and
supported so that his ass was totally accessible.  Judy was on her knees with
her face stuck to his butt, her tongue deep in his anus.  Lucy was giving him a
long and very slow blowjob as she cradled his balls and he played with her
nipples.  The television had a video of a pre-teen girl being raped by four
pirates on some buccaneer's ship.

"Hi," said Paul. "make yourself some breakfast and coffee.  I'll be with you
when I'm finished."

From the kitchen I could hear the sound of Paul reaching his climax as the kid
on the video screamed her tiny little heart out.  I made a pot of coffee and
wandered back to the main room.



Chapter 19

"Enjoy last night?" asked Paul as the women finished cleaning him with their
mouths. 

"Fucking amazing," I replied. "Absolutely fucking amazing."

"I told you she was the best, but you've got to realise that to reach that sort
of level you have to work at it.  It's no good just hammering your cock into a
cunt and hoping for some class action.  Now, if you're interested I was
wondering whether you would like to help with my next project.  I've been
thinking of taking on a partner.  These sluts can be too much for one man
sometimes, and they know fuck-all about football.  A little more male influence
around here might not be a bad idea.  What do you think?"

I couldn't think of anything that could be better.  Paul had everything any man
could want.  Well, the only two things any man could want - money and sex.  If
he was happy to let me join in I wasn't stupid enough to turn him down. 

"Great" I said.  "As long as I'm not going to be just the gardener or the pool
man.  What do I have to do?"

"Well, Judy was a pretty good start and Lucy turned out really well after all
the work I put in, but now its time to get Tina in on the act.  Her training
started a couple of months ago.  Same as Lucy's.  Vitamin supplements, chats
with Lucy about her developing body, hypnotherapy sessions, you know, all the
shit I did before, and she's progressing nicely but I'm not sure that I want her
to turn out exactly the same as Lucy.  I was thinking that we ought to try
something a little different and I'd been wondering which way to take it. 
Meeting you again firmed up an idea I'd been playing with."

"You want a pain-slut?" I guessed. "Ace.  I'll be fucking great at teaching her
how to enjoy the whip."

"Rob," he sighed, "I really like you but you've got to stop your mouth and cock
doing the thinking for you.  Use your brain occasionally.  Yeah, pain-slut would
be nice and fairly easy to achieve but why not take it further?  Why stop at
making her a masochist?  Why not see how far we can really degrade her?  What if
pain-slut was only level one - think what level two or level three would be?"

"But pain is pain" I answered. "We could make it so that she enjoyed extreme
pain but, as you've said before, you can only cut off a pair of tits once. What
else is there we could do?"

Paul finished his coffee and set out the deal.  "About six months back I was
over at one of my film outlets and this buyer asked me for some 'extreme'
movies.  I asked him what he wanted and he showed me a tape from Japan.  There
were these really sweet looking oriental girls, couldn't have been more than 17
or 18, and they were being pissed on, shit on, everything you could think of. 
This guy was deep into this kind of crap.  Does nothing for me, but he reckoned
a decent film of this sort of thing was worth five or six times what I'm getting
for the films now.  And remember that my films are pretty classy and expensive
already."

"There were several problems with the films he could get.  Most of the films
were in Japanese without any understandable dialogue.  Any films with western
girls seemed to use real ugly slags in the starring role.  Usually the film
quality is rubbish - often there's a good bit of action but there are lines on
the screen, the lighting is bollocks, and the whole thing is so wobbly that it
looks like it was filmed in someone's garage with a wind-up camera held by a kid
who is having a wank at the same time.  And the worst thing as far as he was
concerned is that it is almost impossible to get a film where you are convinced
that the woman is enjoying it."

"Well" I said, "what woman likes having shit on her.  Most women are stupid but
that's fucking mad."

"It takes all sorts, my friend," Paul replied, "but the difficulty is that when
he does find one with a woman getting into it, she's always about 50, or looks
like she would have trouble getting a dog to fuck her because she's so ugly."

"Oh, I understand, its really simple," I laughed, wondering if this was actually
a real conversation we were having. "We need to make highly professional films
of women being totally degraded, with piss, shit, puke and fuck knows what else
being dumped on them and in them.  The women must be real good looking babes,
presumably with great bodies, faces, hair and make-up.  They've got to be
English speaking and they've got to be begging for this to happen to them,
begging convincingly.  Paul, this ain't going to happen.  What else does he
want?  They must have blue eyes? They've got to be teenagers?  They must have
straight teeth?  They should be able to remember their lines?  I thought we were
supposed to be living in the real world."

Paul looked at me. "Yeah.  If they were blue-eyed, teen actresses as well as
everything else, that would help.  But the real world .. well .. wait for a bit
.. I'll show you something later .."

Paul left it there and we went out to the pool.  The next couple of hours were
passed sunbathing, swimming, drinking beer and being worshipped by Lucy and
Judy.  Lucy was non-stop, trying things out on my body with her hands and
tongue, enjoying every moment as she went from Paul to me and then back to Paul. 
Judy would do anything, absolutely anything, but only if you told her to do it.

At 3.00 Paul stood up and told Lucy to get ready for the other children who
would be home soon.  Lucy took her mother and made sure she was dressed decently
and sent her to the kitchen to get the meal ready.  Lucy herself changed into a
pair of jeans and a top that looked like they were sprayed onto her lithe body
with its oversized breasts.  The sex toys were tidied away, the videos were put
in a locked cupboard and, within reason, the house looked like a normal home.

There was the sound of laughter and the front door opened.  In walked Tina,
joking with her younger sister, and I knew what it was that Paul was waiting to
show me.

Now Lucy was stunning and had sex written all over her, but her 13 year old
sister was even better.  Any description that I gave would fail to do her
justice.  Blond hair framed the most gorgeous face with the most fuckable lips I
had seen.  It was like taking the faces of all your favourite models and porn
stars and putting them into the computer and gelling them into one.  She was
fucking brilliant, and she was a teenager, and she did have blue eyes.

"Hi, Paul, Lucy," she said. "How's mum?"

"Pretty good today," was Paul's solicitous answer. "This is Rob.  He's going to
be staying with us for a while.  What have my special girls been up to at
school?"

Anna, who was now 10, showed Paul a project that had got a B+ and then went to
her room.  Tina waited for her younger sister to finish and then, bouncing with
schoolgirl excitement, stood in the middle of the room to make an announcement. 
"I got the part.  I got the part.  I'm going to play the lead role in our school
play.  I knew I could do it."

"That's wonderful," smiled Paul as he hugged her.  With a sideways glance at me
said, "I knew you could.  I always said you were a great actress.  I'm sure you
will have a great career in films.  You'll be a star.  Well done."

If her training was going as well as Paul reckoned, and if we worked on her in
the right way, I knew exactly what sort of films she would be starring in during
her brilliant, but probably brief, acting career.



Chapter 20

That evening, when the two younger girls were in bed, we planned how Tina's
career was going to come to fruition.

"Can we really do it?" I asked.  "I know you've trained Lucy to perfection but
is it possible to make a kid like Tina enjoy eating shit and fucking dogs and
being tortured."

"Don't see why not," said Paul. "It's just the same as Lucy's training only a
bit more intense.  You didn't know Lucy before all this started.  She was a
normal kid - if anything she was a bit of a prude - but look at her now."

I did.  She was lying naked at Paul's feet, playing with her clit as she watched
more porn on the TV.

Paul continued. "My hypnotist friend is better now than he was a couple of years
ago when he did Lucy, and he's been going on about how susceptible Tina has been
in the sessions they've had already.  He reckons the only limit will be what our
evil minds can think up.  Anyway, if it doesn't work out exactly how we want we
can always just have her round here to fuck as we want.  I don't need the money
from the films, I just like seeing how far I can go with a girl's mind.  Either
she'll be the filthiest film star you've ever seen or she'll be another fuck-toy
for us, only probably with a very wide masochistic streak."

"OK, if you think so. You're the boss." I replied.

So Tina's training started in earnest.  Much of it was the same as Lucy's had
been two years previously but it was slanted to the perverted.  If it was
filthy, degrading and involved pain or animals, Tina's mind soaked it in.

Lucy was a great help.  She often sat with her sister when Paul and I were out
at the bar, and little by little she moved Tina's mind towards the abject
humiliation that was her destiny.  Lucy gained Tina's confidence, and every
weird thing that was planted in Tina's mind by the late night videos, the drugs
and the hypnosis was rationalised by Lucy as being quite normal and the sort of
thing that should be enjoyed and encouraged.

Soon Tina's favourite masturbation fantasy involved being raped by dogs.  She
became used to licking her own hand clean after she had finger fucked her ass. 
Lucy showed her how to give head by practicing on dildos which got bigger and
bigger.  Naturally, Tina found she that was gagging as she tried to throat the
plastic monsters but, encouraged by Lucy, she would keep working her throat. 
She was often sick when she achieved full penetration but Lucy told her she had
to keep working on the puke covered pretend prick until it was cleaned of her
mess.

Lesbian sex soon became part of Tina's life but, after the early sessions, she
always seemed to be the one with her tongue stuck up Lucy's holes, never the one
receiving any pleasure.  Lucy was always most horny when she had her period, and
Tina sometimes spent over an hour with her face in Lucy's cunt lapping up
menstrual blood as her elder sister had orgasm after orgasm.

Just like her older sister, Tina seemed to be on heat the entire time, but when
she frigged herself she could only cum satisfactorily when pain was part of her
play.  At first it was just a need to squeeze her nipples so hard that they
hurt.  Then she started to use clothes pegs whose pressure could be increased by
twisting the ends.  Her need increased through rubber bands, alligator clips and
needles, until pliers became her favoured aid to masturbation.

As the vitamin supplements began to take effect Tina's body blossomed.  Her tits
seemed to be growing at an alarming rate until, at 48DD, they finally seemed to
have reached their maximum size.  The hypnotherapy implanted the thought that
these mammoth jugs were unnatural and Tina's mind wandered between a love of her
body and a need to have her breasts beaten.  The pain helped her to obtain
incredible orgasms but, like a drug, she needed to increase her suffering to
reach the next peak.

The movies in her late night film shows moved on rapidly from normal sex to
forced sex to rape to bondage, S & M, bestiality, scat, piss, puke and anything
else Paul could get his hands on.  Tina started to take an unnatural interest in
dogs when the family were out in the park.  She made regular trips to the zoo
where only the bigger male animals were of interest, until Paul introduced her
to the snake house where her eyes lit up as she obviously fantasised about a
long, curling, dildo with a mind of its own.

Judy was introduced to the show and was amazed to have someone giving her
pleasure for the first time in years, as Tina's tongue cleaned her ass or took
the place of a tampon.  The only thing that wasn't allowed was full penetration
of her ass or cunt.  Paul didn't want her broken in by dildos or vegetables and
as her fourteenth birthday approached Paul set himself a new goal.  He decided
that Tina was to lose her virginity to a dog.  In fact he wanted her to take on
three dogs so that the first loads of cum in her cunt, ass and mouth would all
be hot dog cum.

The videos, hypnosis, tapes and every sex conversation she had with Lucy now
revolved around how normal it was to have sex with animals.  How it was only
natural to fuck dogs because if it wasn't then their cocks would have been a
different shape that wouldn't fit into a woman's cunt.  How male dogs had a
constant sex drive but bitches only came into heat occasionally which left the
males frustrated and a danger to society unless someone got the cum out of their
balls.  I often wanted to laugh as Tina listened to this bollocks and nodded her
head as the importance of allowing dogs to fuck her cunt was explained to her.

Paul bought the dogs, three big mongrels with short hair - better for filming -
and oversized cocks and balls.  Tina was allowed to let them lick her cunt and
ass but was forbidden to go any further until she was completely ready.  Lucy
made sure that although Tina enjoyed the lapping of the lolling tongues, she
couldn't reach a climax without pain to push her over the edge.  Her life was
already most of the way down the slope of degradation that Paul had planned but,
just as with Lucy, he wanted to make sure that there was no way back to
normality.  He wanted her to be a complete slag, desperate for any degrading,
filthy experience as the only way to obtain satisfaction.

Her cunt and ass became areas for producing agony rather than pleasure.  Lucy
helped with suggestions for increasing the pain and it wasn't too long before
Tina could be seen with her tits burning from the muscle ointment she had rubbed
into her skin.  The torture would be increased by pins stuck into her breasts as
they bulged around the constricting rubber bands that were around the base.  Her
cunt lips would be safety-pinned to her thighs while chili sauce oozed from her
ass.  One hand would be working her nipples with a pair of pliers as her other
hand frantically rubbed a nail file over her exposed clit as she tried to cum. 
Even then her efforts would often be in vain until Lucy whipped her thighs,
belly or tits.


Chapter 21

As Tina's training continued along the steady path laid out by Paul, we lived in
his house and worked hard at thinking up extravagant fantasies for her to enact
when she began her new starring role.   We fucked Judy and Lucy almost non-stop
and my balls were drained several times a day.  Every now and then we had fun
sending Judy out to earn money as a whore, usually to the roughest areas of town
and sometimes we took her on special trips to meet the winos, or to act as a
bachelor party cum-bucket.

One evening Paul and I were driving home from a film deal when he suddenly
pulled the car over in a busy street.

"Fuck" he said, "it's been a while. Why not?" and pointed to a family in the
burger joint opposite where we had parked.  The parents were about 40 and looked
so fucking normal that they could have been Mr & Mrs Middle-of-the-road.  But
their kids .. that was different.  Their kids were two girls, obviously twins,
dressed in the same fucking outfits for fuck's sake.  They had long dark hair,
innocent little faces, skinny bodies with small tits that could have been in
training bras, and legs that had not yet filled out enough to be interesting.

"You thinking what I'm thinking?" he asked.

"If it involves a bit of virgin busting then, yes, I expect I am." I replied.
"That Lucy takes your mind off it but I haven't raped anything for nearly six
months.  And I haven't raped anything that young since before my last visit
inside.  What shall we do about the parents?"

"Might as well let them watch." Paul smiled that evil smile that says his mind
is off and working on how to get his pleasure while totally fucking up someone
else's life.  "We'll follow them for a bit and see where we end up."

We waited for the family meal to end and watched them drive off down the
highway.  Paul followed at a safe distance until they turned into an area of
fairly large houses and eventually into their drive.  The house was on a corner
plot and the house next door was obviously empty with a For Sale board outside. 
This meant that the next property with anyone in it was at least 80 yards away.  

"Looks like it's meant to happen," laughed Paul.  "Not that we'll let them make
too much noise, but it's so stupid the way people don't think of their loved
ones' safety.  If they lived in a flat or on a crowded street of small houses
their little girls would still be virgins tomorrow, but they never think it
through do they."

"You are so right," I joined in. "Always wanting to better themselves.  They buy
a bigger house in a nice secluded area but forget that virgin cunts need proper
protection.  Oh well, in a few hours they'll realise that they should have been
more careful.  There's an awful lot of nasty people out there, and if we didn't
do it someone else would."

We sat in the car laughing and joking for the next half hour as we made sure the
area was clear and the family had settled down for the evening.  Then we got our
gear, walked up to the front door and rang the bell.

Dad answered the door and almost immediately hit the floor as I cracked his head
with a baseball bat.  We walked into the hall as his wife came through from the
front room asking who was calling so late.  Paul grabbed her and in two minutes
had her cuffed, gagged and tied to a chair.  The man started groaning so we did
the same with him and then checked out the ground floor, locking all the doors
and windows and ripping out the phone.  The girls were obviously upstairs so,
after making sure that the adults couldn't do anything to disturb us, we decided
to invite them down to join the party.

The girls had advertised their rooms with name plaques (fucking stupid, like
you're going to forget which one is your room) so Paul decided to visit Janice
while I opened to the door to Patricia's room.  She was asleep on her side and
it was easy to get the handcuffs on before she was even awake.  Her pathetic
struggles as I woke her with one hand over her mouth soon stopped when I held
the knife next to her forehead and told her that any noise would result in her
losing her eyesight.

I picked her up in one arm, slung her over my shoulder and went out onto the
landing.  I saw Paul's back at the bottom of the stair as he propelled the other
half of our virgin sacrifice to the gods of rape and sodomy into the main room. 
I followed him down and laid Patricia on the table next to her squirming sister,
head to toe.

"Well," said Paul, getting out of his clothes, "no point in hanging about."  As
soon as he was naked he ripped the flimsy nightie from the trembling body in
front of him, grabbed her knees, pulled them apart and moved between her legs.

"Nooooo ... please ...  no."  His victim had suddenly found her voice.  "Please,
don't ... I'm a virgin ... please .... Please .... leave me alone." 

Her sister was still too scared to say anything, probably because I was enjoying
myself cutting off her cute satin jammies.  I made sure that the knife blade
nicked her every now and then, particularly when I was near her cunt or tits. 
She was petrified and was lying as still as she could.

"Sorry, sweetie" growled Paul. "This cock's got a mind of its own, and right now
it knows exactly what it wants."  He spat on his fingers and rubbed the goo
between her cunt lips.

"Bit dry at the moment," he said, "but don't you worry, I'll soon get some
lubrication deep inside you."

Paul placed his cock against the tight entrance to her vagina and worked the
head in.

"Nooooo .. pleeeeaasssseee .. noooo .." Janice began to cry and beg in that
special way that no actress has ever really been able to repeat.  When young
virgin cunts are about to find out what its like to be fucked for the very first
time they really put their heart and soul into trying to save themselves.  Silly
bitches don't seem to realise what a turn-on it is, but they do it every fucking
time - and its fucking wonderful.  I just stood there groping Patricia's cunt as
I listened to the lovely sound.

"Nooo ..  noooo ... don't ...  aaarrrrggghhhhh .. oooohhhh .. Goddddd ... Noooo
.."

Paul jerked his cock into her as far as it would go, and then just stood still
as she thrashed around on the end of his hard dick.  As she began to calm down
he pulled back and rammed his throbbing erection back inside her tight vaginal
passage.  It took three goes to get completely embedded into the little slut and
then he really went to town.  He fucked her hard and fast.  You wouldn't have
thought that it was only that morning that he had last dumped his cum inside a
girl, but the primeval urge to rape had taken him over and he was letting it
loose with a vengeance.

I hadn't been idle.  After the initial sounds of Paul's invasion of Janice's
cunt, I had turned my attention to my own personal heaven.  Shifting my weight I
positioned my hard cock at just the right angle and gave it everything I had.  I
made rock bottom in one go, and the dry walls of her vagina gripped my cock so
tight that it hurt.  The tiny body beneath me sang her song of pain.

"Aaaaarrrggghhhh ... god .. help me .. noooooo .. I can't ...  aaarrrgggghhhh ..
nooooo .. pleeease .. oh nooooo ... oh godddddd ... " her screams were like a
great guitar riff.  I wondered for a moment if it would be possible to release a
CD of "The sounds of rape" - you know, like the sounds of racing cars, or whales
or even fucking steam trains - but then I was back on the case and pounding her
tender cunt as hard as I could.  It was just so fucking great to be breaking in
virgin schoolgirls again.  I didn't even really get round to hurting her
properly, just a bit of nipple pinching before my balls started to rise and I
felt the cum shooting its way along my dick to its destination in her womb. 
Fuck it was ace, man.  I was fucking shattered as I pulled out to the sounds of
her sobbing and moaning.

It was only then that I realised Paul was still going.  Janice was more with it
than Patricia, and between her screams and sobs she tried the other begging
turn-on that all stupid raped slut cunt girls seem to think might stop the
assault.  "Aaarrgghhh .. noooo .. please .. nooo .. oh god .. please don't cum
inside me .. I'm a virgin .. I'm not on the pill .. please .. don't make me
pregnant .. noooo .. pleeeaase .."

I mean, is there anything more guaranteed to make you spunk as deep in their
stupid tight little cunts as you can.  If you hadn't thought of giving them a
little bastard to remember you by, the stupid fucking sluts go and remind you. 
It's as though they actually want to be made pregnant.  And once it's in your
mind you just have to spunk inside them.  Which is exactly what Paul did. 
Plunging his dick as deep into the ravaged hole as it could possibly go.

After leaving as much cum inside Janice as he could Paul pulled out.  "Fucking
hell, I needed that," he gasped. "Fucking great .. really shouldn't leave it so
long next time ... Hey, cunt-face," he reached for Patricia, who was lying with
her head by her sister's butt, and grabbed her throat, "get your mouth round
this and clean it up now before I break your fucking neck."

The kid obediently opened her lips and let Paul move his cock over her tongue. 
I was pissed that I hadn't thought of doing the same and decided to make up for
lost time by giving Janice the same treatment, only with the refinement of
holding the point of the knife 1/2 inch from her eye to ensure her co-operation. 
Neither of them were any good at cleaning blood and spunk covered cocks but they
didn't resist as we used their mouths as a wash basin.


Chapter 22

I went in search of some beer while Paul sat down and relaxed in an easy chair
next to the traumatised parents.  The father was moving in and out of
consciousness with a blood trickling down his face, while the mother was crying
and sobbing.  When I returned with a six pack, Paul had taken the gag off the
woman and was letting her pleas for mercy start to turn him on.

"Please go .. go now .. we'll be good .. please .. you've done enough .. oh god
.. we won't tell anyone .. don't hurt them any more .. pleeease go .."

"Yeah, right," said Paul. "Look, you old hag, I've heard every fucking line you
can think of and it ain't going to have any effect.  Me and my buddy have got at
least two more loads of spunk to get rid of before we're through and, by a lucky
coincidence, we've got a virgin ass or two, and two mouths, that haven't had any
cum yet.  Seems to me that we couldn't possibly go until we've introduced
ourselves properly to your sweet little daughters.  It would just be rude to
leave now, with the job only half done.  No, I think we'll have to stay until
your little trainee sluts have been face-fucked and buggered."

The mother's sobbing reached a new level.  Ass fucking was obviously something
that she had never thought about in her entire life, and I'm not sure she
understood what a face-fuck was. 

"Noooooo .. please ... noooooo .. " she wailed.  "Not my little girls.  Nooo ..
pleeease ... nooo .. they can't .. they're only young .. please don't .."

"No need to worry," said Paul, loving every minute of the conversation as the
woman became more desperate, "they won't have to do anything.  We'll do it for
them.  And as for being young .. well, yes .. that's why we're here.  Be pretty
fucking stupid to waste all our cum on a couple of fucked up old slags, wouldn't
we?"

"But they're only children," she begged. "You'll hurt them .. they'll never
recover .. you've done enough .. please go .. please .. don't hurt them anymore
.. "

I had started to rummage about looking for money and stuff.  She saw and somehow
thought that robbery was our real motive.

"I'll show you where the money is .. you can have it all .. just leave the girls
alone .. you can have everything but don't hurt my daughters any more ..
please."

Paul leant forward. "Ok bitch, where's the cash, and what else have you got that
we could take?" 

She wasn't thinking straight.  Tied up in a chair.  Her daughters, moaning
quietly, lying on the table as we recovered.  Her husband completely fucking
useless.  She was prepared to try anything to get rid of us and Paul latched
onto her desperation immediately. 

"My purse is in the kitchen and we keep spare cash in that dresser" she
answered.  "Take it all.  Take it and go."

"Any thing else," snarled Paul getting up and standing next to her.  "Come on,
bitch, all of it or the girls get to start on stage two."

"Noooo .. we haven't got anything else .. we put all our money into the house ..
" she cried, "we're not rich .. we struggle to pay the bills .. please just
leave us alone .."

"Fucking liar."  Paul grabbed her hand.  "What about these rings.  Look like
they're worth something to me. And this necklace .." Paul painfully jerked her
engagement and wedding rings from her finger, and then reached for her blouse
and tore it apart to expose the necklace and a large pair of tits in a really
fucking unattractive bra.  He ripped the necklace from her body and then stood
and admired her heaving breasts.

"Perhaps you have got something that can save your kids," he smirked. "That
could be fun.  Yeah.  Why not make the supreme sacrifice so that your little
girls don't get hurt any more?"

It took a couple of moments before Paul's suggestion made sense to her.  Then
she began crying again "God no .. you .. you .. noooo .. I can't .. I'm .. my
husband .. it's .. noooo .. "

She wasn't making much sense but Paul was relentless.  "Oh well, I suppose not. 
Shame though.  Still, I expect you're right.  You just sit back and watch us
bugger two tight virgin assholes."

As Paul moved back towards the table she wailed her defeat.  "Noooo .. no .. all
right .. I'll .. I'll do it .. oh god .. oh god .."

Paul had won again.  He splashed some of his beer over the father's face to help
him regain full consciousness.  Paul wanted him to see how his wife was about to
offer herself to his daughters' rapists.  Then he untied the sobbing woman from
the chair, released her arms from the handcuffs and told her to stand in front
of him as he settled back into his chair.

"OK bitch, start the show," he ordered.

Fuck it was funny.  She had absolutely no idea what to do.  She must have
thought Paul was going to throw her to the ground and fuck her, and now she was
completely lost.  He was telling her to take the initiative and this was
something she obviously didn't do, even with her sad fucker of a husband.  As
she just stood there crying Paul decided to help her out.

"Look cunt," he said, "it's very simple.  Either you start a little striptease,
get out of those clothes, suck my dick and stick it up your slack hole, or I go
and get a bit of virgin ass.  Right now I can't think why I'm even giving you
this opportunity to please me.  Unless you start convincing me that your worn
out cunt is going to be worth the effort of me getting hard, I'll just take my
pleasures somewhere else."

She tried but she was still crap.  She sort of jiggled from one foot to the
other and took off her blouse and skirt without any style at all.  Then she
started crying again and froze.  Her husband was trying to move from the chair
where he was well secured.  He was mumbling something into his gag.  Paul got up
and moved to the table.  Fisting his cock he stuck it straight up Patricia's wet
slit and turned to the woman.

"Last chance.  I'm just getting a bit of lubrication and then I going into a
fresh ass.  You've got less than a minute to save your little girl's butt."

Finally, the mother-instinct kicked in and overrode the prude who had previously
inhabited her body.  She still wasn't really any good at any form of sex but at
least there was a determined effort to get Paul to fuck her instead.  She
managed to remove her underwear in quick time and, as she reached the table, she
put her hand round the base of Paul's dick as it moved slowly in and out of her
daughter's cunt.

"Please .. please .. do it to me instead," she whispered, trying not to let her
family hear her humiliation.

"Sorry," said Paul, "you've got to do far better than that.  Lets start with
more begging for me to fuck you, using the right words and saying them so we can
all hear."

"Oh god .. please .. no .." she pleaded but one look at Paul's face told her she
had no choice.  She continued through her tears, "oh god .... please ... please
have sex with me instead of Patricia ... please."

I don't know how Paul kept a straight face.  He told me later that no-one - not
even when he was enjoying his first fumbling fucks as a 13 year old boy - no-one
had ever asked him to 'have sex'.  The woman was obviously a lights-out,
missionary-position, under-the-blankets, once-a-month, frigid bitch.  There was
no way she was going to be a good screw even though her ass had to be cherry,
but Paul wanted to fuck with her mind much more than he wanted her body.

He was not going to miss out on tight little-girl virgin asshole, but if he
could freak out the parents at the same time he would be in his element.  I'd
have thought that seeing their daughters raped and buggered would fuck up any
parent's mind, but Paul wanted to go further.  He wanted the mother to take his
cock willingly, and he wanted the father to know that she had begged to be
fucked by the man who had raped his daughters.  Sometimes Paul's a bit
complicated for me, but you could see that his cock was now rock solid as he
pushed the bitch to her knees and gave her the usual command.

"Suck it, bitch."

Paul pushed his cock to her mouth and she held it there, just touching her lips,
until Paul reached down and grabbed her head.

"Suck now or you're fucking dead and your girls' holes will be sliced to
ribbons," he snarled and pulled her mouth onto his cock.  She gagged and tried
to pull back but Paul just held onto her and pumped in and out for a minute or
so.  Then he pulled back and stood looking down at the sniveling woman.  "Beg to
suck it again, or it goes up the kid's ass." he said.

"Please .. please .. let me .. let me suck it .." she managed without much
conviction.

"Fucking crap," said Paul.  "Do it with enthusiasm and use words like cock and
dick.  After that you will beg me to fuck your cunt and then your ass.  I'll
help.  Every time I think you need to improve on what you're doing, I'll twist
your nipple like this."

He reached down, grasped her big nipple and twisted it hard.  She screamed and
tried to pull his hand away.  Paul slapped her face with his other hand and then
gripped her other nipple,  "and if I twist both nipples like this ... it means
you are only 3 seconds away from watching your daughter's asshole wrapping
itself round my cock.  So you'll have three seconds to do something to make me
want to fuck you rather than her."

"Aaarrrggghhhh .. " she struggled to regain her breath as Paul released her
nipples, waited for five seconds and then grabbed one again.

"Come on, bitch, get begging and sucking," he said.

"Aaaarrgghhhh .. please .. please put your ..  put it in my mouth .. I .. I want
to suck .."

Paul kept his cock 6 inches from her lips, reached down and grabbed both
nipples.

"Oh god .. aaarrrggghhh .. your cock .. I want your dick in my mouth ... put
your big cock into my mouth .." she gasped and reached for it with her hands at
the same time as leaning forward.  Paul's shaft disappeared into her mouth and
then he pulled back again.

"More bitch," he said. "Build up a nice rhythm, beg a bit, suck a bit, beg a
bit, suck a bit .."

She looked mortified but did her best.  At the beginning the begging was a bit
repetitive but with only a few minutes training and some more attention to her
nipples she really got into the swing of it.  As her husband sat and cried into
his gag, his prude wife was on her knees begging Paul to let her suck his cock,
to fuck her mouth, to spunk into her throat, to use her mouth as a cum hole. 
Between each line Paul's dick went deep into her mouth, getting reflex gagging
actions, loads of spit, and wonderful stretched lips as the base of his cock got
nearly as much sucking as the head.


Chapter 23

The mother's body was actually not bad once she was out of her crap clothes, and
watching the action I was getting hard again.  I moved to the table and rolled
Janice over.  Spreading her butt cheeks I spat on her asshole and started to
open it up with my thumb.

"Come on, bitch," said Paul noticing my movements, "my buddy is about to start
fucking again and you haven't got me even close to cumming yet."

The stupid cow re-doubled her efforts but Paul was in control.  He was getting
maximum pleasure but making sure that when he felt he was close to spunking down
her mouth, he pulled his cock out to calm down while listening to her begging.

"Look, I'll help you out," he said, as the mother tried desperately to make his
cock spurt.  "My cock prefers cunt to mouth, so if you keep the begging going
and open your legs at the same time we might get this finished before daughter
number one loses her ass cherry.  Get onto the table ... lie across those pretty
little bodies and spread wide."

With drool running down her chin she climbed onto the table and by supporting
herself on her hands and feet managed to avoid putting any weight on her
daughters.

"No bitch," said Paul grabbing a nipple and twisting, "I said spread wide.  That
means legs doing the splits and hands pulling your slack cunt lips apart so I
can see what I'm doing.  While you're there you can suck my mate's cock so that
you have a chance of getting spunk out off us both."

She immediately altered her position, spread her legs wide, reached down to her
cunt and opened it up.  Her head lay over the side of the table and she started
begging Paul to fuck her.

"Please put your cock in me .. I want to be fucked .. I want you to fuck me ..
not my daughters ..  spunk into me .. please .."

By now the dumb-ass woman was deep into her own logic.  She had to try to make
these men cum before they could use her daughters again.  She wasn't very good
at this but she was going to try.  You could almost see that in her mind she was
making a wonderful sacrifice - perhaps she thought she would go to heaven
because of the humiliation she was bringing on herself to save her children - or
perhaps she was just another stupid cunt.

Paul and me didn't care.  She was going for it now with enthusiasm.  I let her
encourage Paul to rape her for a bit and then moved round to get my cock into
her mouth.  I continued opening her daughter's asshole with my thumb and fingers
while she sucked my dick, and as Paul fucked her cunt she still managed to get
out a few words on the outward strokes as I fucked her mouth.

"Fuck me .. uuunnnggghh .. spunk in my mouth .. uunnnnggghhh .. cum inside me ..
please .. uunnnggghhh .. stick your cocks into me .."

Her husband's mind was gradually being torn apart.  Looking over we could see
the abject pain in his eyes as he sobbed and spluttered into the gag.  His wife
was now seriously begging the two men who had raped his precious daughters to
fuck her to oblivion, and he could only sit and watch.

"Shit," said Paul "its just not happening.  I can't cum with an old cunt.  But
your virgin asshole might do it.  It should be really tight and it will hurt you
like fuck, but your screams when my dick rips into your bowels might just get
the cum out of my balls.  Otherwise, I'm just going to have to use these sweet
little holes at either end of the table."

"Oh ... nooo .. please cum in my cunt .. uuunnnggghhhh .. please fuck me ..
uuunnnngghhh .. use my cunt .. "

Paul reached for one nipple and twisted hard.  I forced my dick right down her
throat so she couldn't speak.  Not getting a reply, Paul grabbed her other
nipple as I withdrew from her gagging mouth.

"Aaaarrrggghhh ... aaarrgghhh .. god .. no ... aarrgghh .. please ... yes .. yes
.. fuck my butt .. do it .. do it now .."

She lifted up her legs, moved her hands behind her ass cheeks and opened her
small asshole to view.  Paul instantly wedged the head of his cock into the
tight opening as I slammed my cock back into her begging lips.  Her screams
around my dick nearly made me spurt down her throat but somehow I held back. 
Paul altered his stance just enough to put all his weight behind his next thrust
and in one surge drove his cock past the defeated muscle that was trying to
clench her asshole tight.

It didn't take long.  We had been trying not to cum but the way the pain made
the mother move was just too much.  Her gagging, screaming, tortured throat
worked it's magic on my cock and I let go.  Shot after shot of hot spunk made it
into her stomach.  I slowly withdrew and let the final spurts cover her crying
face.  Paul was in a virgin ass.  They are always soooo hot.  The first time an
ass is buggered is always the best.  Tight, hot and clenching around his
pounding cock, her anus finally sucked the spunk from Paul's balls.  He pushed
his dick as far into her as he could to get the most from his orgasm, and topped
it off by nearly ripping her nipples off at the same time.

The girls beneath her had stopped moaning and now just seemed shell-shocked. 
Their sensible plain normal mother had just begged to be fucked and taken a load
at each end.  Not only that, the men that she was pleasuring were the same men
who less than an hour earlier had taken their cherries in front of their
mother's eyes.

Paul and I stood back from the table.  Grabbing the woman Paul soon had her tied
back in her chair, while I sat back to relax.  Putting the gag back over her
spunk covered mouth Paul didn't let up on her even though she had just ruined
her own life by fucking her daughters rapists in front of her husband.

"Not bad for an old whore.  But I doubt that we can wait so long for the third
sperm bath.  I think I'll bugger one of your daughters anyway."

Her wail as she realised she had been tricked was unreal.  She collapsed sobbing
and moaning against the rope tying her to the chair while her husband looked as
if the world had just ended.  It was enough to get some blood back into my cock. 
I love causing pain, but when I'm with Paul the pain that gets dished out is
just soooo good.  Sticking a knife into some girl's tit is special.  I've always
loved the frantic screams that come from a cunt that realises how hopelessly she
is caught.  But Paul, well, with twisted persuasion and a bit of nipple pain he
can ruin people for life.  He cuts them so deep no plastic surgeon could ever
hide the scars.  Just fucking brilliant.

Paul pushed both the daughters off the table and ordered them to crawl over to
where we were now sitting.

"Suck time," he said. "Who's the lucky one who gets to clean the shit and blood
off my cock.  I think its ... you."  Paul wavered until finally choosing
Patricia for the foul task.  Picking her up from the floor he pushed her head to
his crotch and, grabbing her hair, whispered in her ear what she had to do to
avoid having sliced nipples.  She gave in instantly and began lapping her tongue
over Paul's softening cock.  Carefully cleaning her mother's shit and spunk from
around the head she worked her way down the shaft to his balls and then back to
the top.  Completely resigned to her fate, she then opened her mouth and began
the long job of sucking Paul back to hardness, so that he could bugger her
virgin asshole.

Janice was almost thankful she was with me rather than Paul.  Without any
threats she managed to raise her body to my waist and take my dick into her
mouth.  Either she was a fast learner or she wasn't quite as innocent as she
seemed, and she set to her task with a steady bobbing rhythm.  I moved her body
a little so I could amuse myself with her budding tits and lay back to enjoy the
feelings in my dick.

It took the girls a little while to get our cocks back to rock solid, and then
we let them carry on longer than necessary because it is just so good to have a
tight wet mouth slurping on your cock, especially when Paul starts adding his
own special commentary.

"That's it you little slut.  Suck it well.  Work around the head a bit more. 
You want it really hard when it busts your butt open.  Down to the base.  Hold
it in your throat.  That's right.  Hold it.  Hold it.  Now up again.  Make sure
you get lots of spit on it.  It's the only lube your asshole is going to have. 
Imagine how it's going to feel.  My cock, rock hard, and your ass, tight and
hot.  It's going to be great.  You'll be able to tell all the boys at school
that you take it in the ass.  They'll love you for that.  Able to fuck whenever
they want.  No need to worry about getting pregnant.  No need to stop fucking
when you're having a period.  Always available.  The boys will know you're an
ass-fucker.  It's obvious.  They'll all want some and you won't be able to stop
them.  You'll have spunk dripping from your ass all day."

Both kids were crying as they gave head, adding to the spit and drool on our
cocks.  Try it sometime.  Having your cock sucked by a blubbing teen is
fantastic.  They can't breath properly.  The sounds of a gagging, crying,
sobbing, slurping, sucking mouth around your hard dick should be patented. 
Instant erection. 

Once we were both ready Paul grabbed Patricia's hair and pulled her up.

"Get on the table, slut.  It's ass breaking time.  Lie down on your front and
get those hands back to spread your cheeks."

I arranged Janice at the other end so that her head was next to Patricia's butt,
and held my throbbing cock at the opening which Janice was showing to me. 
Pushing hard I managed to get the head into her sphincter at the first attempt
and then started the hard work of forcing the rest of my dick into her anal
passage.  Screams came from both ends of the table as Paul entered the virgin
hole at his end.

"Aaaaarrrggghhhh .. no .. no .. help .. please .. I can't .. it hurts .. oh god
.. noooo .. no more .. take it out .. oh please, please, no .. " 

I shut my eyes and let the sounds of two begging virgins increase the pleasure
in my groin.  After a short while, I heard Paul's voice.

"Need more lubrication.  You're spit will do nicely" he said looking at Janice. 
"You'll have to suck it or your sister's ass is going to start hurting me.  You
wouldn't want that, would you, you little ass slut."  He pulled out his dick
from Patricia's bleeding hole, grabbed Janice by the hair and stuffed his cock
into her mouth.  I took the hint and gave Patricia my shit covered dick. 
Sliding in and out of her mouth as I watched the revulsion on her tear stained
face.

We kept it up for over half an hour.  Couple of minutes buggery, couple of
minutes of head, couple of minutes buggery, and so on.  Twice we moved round the
table to rape a different sister as Paul pointed that that they should get as
much experience of sodomy as possible so that the boys at school wouldn't be
disappointed.  The sweet feeling of different assholes and mouths eventually
started to take its toll and even after cumming twice already I realised I was
about to blow my third load.  Patricia's ass was the hole that got my spunk,
which meant that Janice was the one who was caressing my softening cock with her
mouth when Paul filled her ravaged hole with his cum.  Patricia then did the
clean-up duties on his dick.

We were finally fucked out.  There was no way we could give anymore spunk,
although in a couple of hours I knew that Lucy would be trying her hardest to
get at least one of our cocks hard enough to give her some release.  Paul told
the fucked up family that we knew where they lived and that any attempt to tell
the cops would mean at least one daughter would be kidnapped and sent back in a
selection of little pieces.  Taking the money and jewelry we had found, we left
the happy family to try to repair their lives.


Chapter 24

Tina's birthday arrived.  Paul had been building her up to her special day for
weeks and now everything was ready.

The dogs had been trained on some old slags Paul had paid to do a couple of
bestiality movies.  A select band of Paul's 'business' associates had been
brought in to enjoy the view and join in the fun.  Anna was away at camp and we
had converted part of the house into a torture chamber.  By putting Lucy and her
mother on the pill, Paul had arranged for the heaviest day of their periods to
fall on Tina's birthday.

Tina was dressed in a skirt that was no more than a 5 inch wide cloth belt, a
school blouse that was ripped in all the right places, a school tie that set off
her schoolgirl make-up and pig-tails, and white ankle socks with 6 inch pink
stiletto heels.  Small clamps, enough to cause pain but not agony, were visible
through her scanty clothing hanging from her nipples and clitoris.

At 9.00 Tina was at the front door welcoming her guests - none of whom she knew. 
Eight different men arrived and only one of them could be called even remotely
reasonable.  Fat, ugly, sweaty, greasy, dirty, old - in fact, it was as if Paul
had selected them for their repulsiveness.  Tina met each one and introduced
herself.

"Good morning sir," she said in a little schoolgirl voice to go with her little
schoolgirl uniform.  "I'm the birthday virgin.  I'm fourteen today and I'm going
to get fucked.  Can you help me to have a really special day?"

She put her arms around their necks and gave them each French kisses of welcome
as she worked her tongue around their rank mouths.  It was revolting to watch. 
Slobbering fat guys, old men with hardly any teeth, a tramp who stank and had a
beard which seemed to be alive with fleas, but Tina gave each the welcome of his
life.  They mauled her huge tits, felt her bald cunt and reached around to
finger her sweet ass.  Tina let them.  In fact, Tina moved and twisted to make
it easier for them to gain access to her body.  And as she kissed them and
whispered into their ears that she hoped they would bugger her later in the day,
she fondled their cocks through their trousers.

When everyone was present the party began with Tina licking and slurping on the
two bloody cunts presented to her by Judy and Lucy.  Paul and I were filming the
entire time as she seemed to relish the taste of menstrual blood that trickled
around her mouth and onto her school blouse.  The whole time she was playing
with her clit while spreading her legs as wide as possible.

This was followed by a minor torture session where Tina adorned her body with
clips and pushed pins into her breasts.  She then begged each man to pull the
clips off without opening them, and to remove the pins but only after pushing
them in further and twisting them around.  Tina lived for the pain but her eyes
still filled with tears as the men sat and amused themselves with her body.  The
men were asked to draw lots and the lucky three whipped her body for 15 minutes,
mostly concentrating on her massive tits and huge puffy nipples.

Drinks were served as Tina sat and played with the cock of the first dog.  She
had practiced sucking dildos for hours and hours, and soon her lips were wrapped
around a big dog cock.  Making sure that everything was visible to the audience
and the cameras, Tina slowly and carefully licked, throated and sucked the cum
from the animal.  When finally the hot thin strings of cum shot from his cock,
she took the first loads in her mouth and then, as she swallowed, let the rest
splash over her face and run over her chin to fall on her tits, until finally
taking the still spurting cock back into her mouth to suck the last dregs of dog
cum into her throat.

She then laid back and invited her audience to use any of the items provided on
the coffee table.  First the next three men in the lottery draw were given their
chance at whipping her tortured flesh.  Paul had arranged that nothing too heavy
in the way of torture implements was available yet and, as soon as the beating
ended, a mix of attachments, clips, pins, rubber bands and stinging ointments
were soon spread over her young flesh. This time they weren't removed and Tina
moved to the second dog.

Starting as she had with the first animal, she fondled his cock and then sucked
and licked him to full hardness, before laying back over a specially made chair
that forced her legs to the maximum width possible to leave everything on view. 
Calling the dog to her she let him lick her cunt and then, with Lucy's help,
reached down for his dick.  With a cry of joy she pulled it into her hole and
then lay back.  The dog rammed home and furiously fucked her virgin cunt.  Tina
squeezed her tits and clamped nipples as the animal pumped away at her tight wet
hole.  When the dog spunked inside her and his dick slipped from her bloody
gash, she carefully laid it on its back so that she could clean her own blood
and slime from its wilting dick.

The men continued her torture and increased her pain.  Whips and paddles were
provided as Tina stood or knelt or laid on the floor to allow each man to strike
to parts of her body that most satisfied his taste.  Crying continually from the
pain, but begging each of her tormentors to increase his efforts and suggesting
poses to make her vulnerable body more accessible, she was a pathetic sight, but
one that was so horny the men all had trouble moving because of their hard
cocks.  Paul had advised them not to cum until they were invited to join in but
it was obvious that at least two of them had already stained the front of their
pants, while three others had left the room for much longer than is necessary to
take a piss.

Tina's body was a mess.  Bright red from the ointments and beatings, with red
welts from the whips raising lines across her flesh that were only broken by
clamps attached to her flesh.  Several of the pins had broken off and been
beaten below the skin, while her tender nipples had been single out for so much
attention that they were now raw and bleeding.  The inside of her thighs were
striped and sore while her cunt lips had swollen so much from the whippings that
her vaginal hole was no longer visible.  Her anus was swollen and her butt
cheeks had been whipped so much that they seemed to be one continual red and
pulsing welt.

Tina's ass was the final hole to be offered to the canine studs, and the
build-up of fondling and sucking the dog to full hardness began again.  Soon she
was bent over with her ass cheeks pulled wide apart as a dog cock was guided
into her tight anus.  Her screams of pain were real, but soon changed to
excitement and then joy as she finally achieved her first orgasm, as she was
given a dog cum enema.

The first part of her party was now over, and food and drinks were served by
Lucy and Judy, wearing the most fuckable maid outfits.  The meal took far longer
than Paul's timetable allowed as the women were mauled and fondled.  Paul had
ordered that the girls were to allow the men to do anything but they were not to
touch their cocks.  At the time I didn't know why but Paul was adamant that the
visitor's dicks should not be seen by the girls until the appointed time.

Eventually, Tina returned.  Cleaned of dog cum but still wearing most of the
pins and clamps that had been put on her earlier.  Her tits were now tied with
rope while her nipples were encircled with dampened string that would shrink as
it dried.  Apart from the guy who appeared to be fairly normal, the rest of the
men picked straws to determine what order they would take her and then the next
part of the birthday party started.

Each man had 30 minutes to do whatever he wanted to Tina, with 15 minute
free-for-all sessions in between.  She was beaten, burnt, kicked, whipped and
tortured.  She was bound into a huge variety of positions, with one wanker
taking so long to tie her in a position of complete agony that he only left
himself two minutes to fuck her.  She drank piss, ate shit, licked up puke, and
swallowed spunk non-stop.  She took their cocks in all her holes, between her
tits, in her hands and even in her armpits.  She begged for more, suggested
improvements and encouraged each pervert to do more to her body.

It seemed that being a pervert also meant having a weird dick.  Not one was
normal, although they all seemed to be filthy.  There were cocks of all types -
large, small, bent, thick, one with a huge head but thin shaft, one with a thin
head but which just got thicker and thicker towards the base, ones with huge
veins, ones with cock rings, with piercings, with tattoos and one that had
hideous scars.  Tina loved them all and begged for more.

As if the size of the cocks on offer wasn't enough, Tina's holes were subjected
to invasion from a huge variety of dildos.  All of them big, most of them ribbed
and studded (although Paul had not provided any with spikes - yet), some of them
able to squirt liquid from the ends, and the liquid was always some solution
that burnt (petrol, vinegar, toilet cleaner, etc).  There were three cattle
prods provided and these were used by nearly all the men, and a couple of them
had great fun cleaning out her holes with bottle-brushes.

One man went out to his car and returned with nettles, rose stems and a bottle
of cockroaches.  Tina took everything that was stuffed into her.  Continually
gripping her clitoris and begging for more, she managed to cum more times in
that day of pain than she had in all the months of her training.  She screamed,
moaned, cried and yet still begged and begged for more.  She was a true
pain-slut.  There were only a few moments when she wasn't in the depths of
agonising suffering, but she knew that any small respite was just a breathing
space while the men worked out what else they could do to her wretched body.

Between each session Judy and Lucy cleaned her up as best they could but Tina's
holes were now a bloody mess, and the whip marks were only just visible as her
bound tits turned purple.  Her face had been whipped, one of her nipples was
shredded, and her cunt lips had been roughly sewn to her inner thighs.  One guy
had broken two fingers on her left hand while another had hit her so many times
in the face with his fist that she had lost three teeth and could no longer see
out of her left eye.

Her lips, swollen from the beatings, were torn in three places where safety pins
had been pushed through to hold her mouth together to see if she could stop
screaming.  She had managed to keep fairly quiet for nearly 20 minutes of that
session but when they used all the cattle prods at the same time, while her tits
were whipped with barbed wire, and one bastard pulled two fingernails from her
broken hand, she had been unable to control herself anymore.  Her howls of agony
filled the room as the pins holding her lips together were ripped apart.

Blood dripped from her ass after the fifth man had rammed a bottle into her
bowels and then kicked her repeatedly in the gut until it smashed.  Her cunt,
which was also a bloody mess, had been fucked and fisted, filled with a brandy
bottle, a baseball bat and even a cactus.  She had sucked the dogs again and
licked their assholes.  There didn't seem to be one part of her body that wasn't
bleeding, marked by the whip or covered in spunk, piss, shit, snot or puke.

Chapter 25

Finally, only the last man remained.  He hadn't been in the draw at the
beginning because Paul had told him he would be last.  Tina dragged herself over
to him and reached for his zip.

"Whip me master," she whispered through her ripped and swollen lips. One safety
pin still hung from the top lip and blood dribbled from cuts on her face and the
corner of her mouth.  "Bite my tits.  Stick your fist up my ass.  Fuck me with
your cock while you burn my nipples.  Use me.  Please.  I'm yours.  Help your
birthday girl to cum again."

The guy sat there and looked at her.

"No," he said.  "That's not my thing.  What I want is really simple.  What I
want is you to suck me.  Just that.  Suck my cock as though it is the best thing
you've ever seen.  Suck me as though you love it."

I nearly pissed myself.  What a fucking stupid wanker.  Paul had told me how
much these guys had paid him and all this idiot wanted was a blowjob.  Judy or
Lucy could have done that for him.  Fuck, any whore on the street could have
done that for a twenty.  He'd paid over three grand to be part of this session
and, apart from a bit of whipping, he hadn't really taken part yet.  Still, I
zoomed in on the scene with my camera, while Paul carried on doing the long
shots.

Tina smiled through her battered lips, unzipped him, reached in and pulled out
his cock.  Lucy gasped in shock and even Judy seemed to register that this
wasn't right.  Two of the other men grunted in disgust, a couple of others
started laughing and one guy decided that now was the time for him to leave.  It
was all too obvious why this guy was going last.  No-one would be having a go at
Tina after him.  At least not until she had taken a series of penicillin
injections and been given a clean bill of health by at least two clinics.

His cock was big.  His cock was rock hard.  His cock was covered in sores.  Open
sores.  Sores with pus oozing out.  The yellow filth was slimed over his dick
where it had spread while in his pants.  Most of the oozing matter was a
white-yellow colour but a couple of the boils exuded a darker bloodier slime. 
From the tip of his cock dribbled a light green fluid.  The thing stank of
decay.  You could smell it for fucking miles.  It overpowered the stench of
sweat, blood, puke, shit and piss that had been present for several hours.  Fuck
knows what diseases this guy had but I wouldn't wish that dick on my worst
enemy.

Tina reached for it with both hands.  In pain from her broken fingers she tried
to cradle his swollen balls, while her right hand enveloped the suppurating
shaft.  As she closed her hand on the festering cock, pus from one of the
abscesses seeped between her fingers.  Lucy, the kid who would do anything for
sex, puked up in the corner.  I had trouble keeping the camera steady.

I knew we had trained Tina well, but she wasn't a fucking robot.  No way was
anyone going to suck that monstrosity.  Paul was going to have to admit that
even his methods didn't always work.  He would have to give the man his money
back.  We'd done well, and Tina had been a revelation, but this was just too
much.

I should have trusted Paul.  Tina gazed at the diseased lump of flesh in her
hand, and started to gently jack it off.  As she slowly moved her hand up and
down the revolting dick she looked up into the man's eyes and moved her face
next to the slimy mess.  She rubbed his cock over her face.  She smeared some of
the fetid goo dribbling from the head onto her one open eye.  She moved the
putrid mess over her face and lips, allowing the pus to rest on her own open
cuts.  Her face was soon covered in a ghastly mix of reddish, yellow slime which
slowly dribbled down her cheeks.

"I love your cock," she murmured as she licked at the shaft. "It's beautiful. 
Please, please can I suck it?  I'll make it so good for you.  You'll never
forget today.  I'll take it all the way down my throat.  It'll be the best head
you've ever had.  Let me suck your cock?  Please."

Without waiting for an answer she opened her mouth and caressed the foul oozing
head with her damaged lips, gently holding the ghastly slime that was leaking
out of his piss slit on her tongue.  She continued to stare into his eyes as she
swallowed the vile liquid and carefully moved her mouth up and down over the
bulbous head.  Slowly wanking his dick into her mouth she gave him the most
sensuous blowjob I had ever seen.  From the mewing noises in her throat, the
look of total adoration in her eyes, the sexy movement of her body, you would
have thought she was sucking on some porn star's hot rod rather than the
repugnant abscess covered lump of filth that was between this asshole's legs.

Her broken hand managed to play gently with his ball sac, while she alternated
between throating his cock and licking the head.  She pushed a finger into his
anus to caress his prostate as she worshipped his repulsive rotting shaft.

When his 30 minutes were up she was still gently working her mouth on his dick
and it was not until 45 minutes passed that he lent back, grabbed her head and
thrust his cock deep into her gagging mouth to spurt his foul load of putrid
sperm into her throat.  She continued to lick and kiss his cock until he finally
pushed her away.

The show was over.  The pain-slut who would accept any treatment that could be
imagined, was sated  ... for now.  Her battered body was still on the floor as
she lay semi-conscious in exhaustion.  The men left, complimenting Paul on his
work and asking him to make sure they were invited to any other sessions he was
going to arrange.

Our original plan had been to enjoy Tina for the rest of the evening, degrading
her further in an orgy of filth and pain but there was no way she could take it. 
We were also no longer keen to put our cocks inside her body.  The thought that
she must have caught several diseases during the session from the 'normal' men,
and the fear that the affliction of the last customer could be passed on,
prevented us from wanting to fill her holes with even more cum.  Lucy and Judy
cleaned her up and put her to bed, before being our fuck-toys for the evening as
we watched highlights of the day's work on the video screen.

Tina needed serious surgery after that day and the drugs needed to sedate her
meant she was out of it completely for two weeks.  With his editing skills, Lucy
acting as a body double to fill in some gaps, and all of us doing voices where
Paul wanted some dialogue, begging or moaning, Paul made 17 movies out of the
footage we had taken.  He released them over an 8 month period to maximise their
impact and made a fortune.  They were acknowledged on the net as masterpieces,
with articles and forums on "the new wonder-slut" and hundreds of suggestions
for her next films.

Tina took over three months to fully recuperate but even as she lay in her rest
bed, it was obvious that we had overdone the training.  Although we kept her
under a loose surveillance she continually looked for ways to degrade and abuse
herself.  She desperately tried to get Lucy and Judy to whip her wounds.  She
picked at the scabs to make her cuts take longer to heal and was delighted when
some turned septic.  We found her in the toilet licking the bowl, we had to sell
the dogs to prevent her eating their shit and piss, she deliberately broke her
fingers again by putting them in a workbench vice to help her reach a climax,
her mind was now so degraded that we had trouble preventing her from maiming
herself.

Eventually we strapped her to the bed until all her injuries had healed.  Paul
tried to reverse some of the training but it was in too deep.  After a while we
gave in and let her degrade herself provided she didn't damage her body too
much.  We locked the workshop, removed all the knives from the kitchen, and
searched the house for any items that could cause real damage.  Even then Tina
managed to break various bones, cut herself on broken glass, use the cheese
grater on her nipples, and was always searching for anything large to stick up
her ass or cunt.

She would eat her own shit, puke it up and then eat it again.  She obsessively
picked at her clit with her nails to make it bleed and try for yet another
climax.  We had to imprison her in the house and arrange for one of us to be
with her the entire time.

We held special fuck sessions with groups of high paying perverts where every
depravity was allowed, but these damaged her so much that the medical bills
began to eat into our profits.  Neither Paul or I ever fucked her.  Although we
got a doctor to come to the house and regularly check her over for HIV and the
pox, we still didn't trust the results.  We occasionally accepted blowjobs but
there was no way we wanted to catch any of the germs that must have been
swimming around her body. 

The fantastic looking teenage girl had gone too far down into the cesspit even
for our tastes.  Her body was a mess.  In less than two years the scar tissue
that covered so much of her flesh could no longer be hidden by plastic surgery. 
The bones that had been broken two, three or more times couldn't be re-set
properly any more.  Her internal organs were starting to fail because of the
regular severe beatings during the filmed fuck feasts.  Her tits were
permanently bruised, with one having a large bulge where blood vessels had
burst, and one of her nipples was shredded to virtually nothing.

Her cunt lips were in tatters and stretched to over 4 inches.  They had been
pierced so many times with needles, staples and nails that most of the flesh was
now too hard to get a needle through.  Her cunt gaped wide permanently and only
the largest dildos or massive deformed cocks could give her any form of vaginal
satisfaction.  The nerves in her clit had been abused so much that they no
longer responded to any stimulus.  The sphincter muscle around her anus was so
slack that she couldn't keep her bowels closed, and she needed frequent enemas
and constant cleaning to prevent shit dribbling down her legs. 

Her mother and sister had looked after her at the beginning but their pity soon
turned to disgust at the way she refused to help herself and just sought more
pain, more filth, more debasement.  The films had almost stopped selling because
the sweet, fresh, young, filth-loving pain-slut now looked like a haggard thirty
year old slag.

In the end Paul sold her to a snuff movie producer for a tidy profit.  Her final
film was well made and contained several highlights.  In one scene all the bones
in one hand are broken, one at a time, and then the limp fingers are forced
round a rock hard cock and crushed in the fist of its owner who wanks himself
off.  Another clip showed one of her tits being drilled through in several
places while the other was skinned.  Her eyelids were cut off and piss and shit
rubbed onto her eyeballs.  Her teeth were pulled out one by one.  The finale as
she bled to death while being choked on a shit and puke covered monster dick, as
her cunt was fucked with a sword and a white hot poker put up her ass was a
really special moment.

The really sad thing was that not one of us missed her.  Even Anna, who had been
told that her sister had a mental illness and had been the only one to show any
patience with her, was over her disappearance in less than a week.




WHATEVER YOU WANT

Chapter 26

To celebrate the return of 'normality' in the household Paul and I decided to go
on one of our fishing trips using Lucy as the bait.  We set off to the coast
where Paul had a small house and soon we were lazing on the beach while Lucy
went off to see what she could find. 

The idea had originally been Paul's and, to begin with, Judy had been the bait. 
Now Judy wasn't so useful we had trained Lucy in her role as lure and her sweet
natural charms helped her to win some prize specimens.

Sometimes she would return with a nice young teen of her own age that she had
befriended and who then was drawn into our clutches.

Sometimes she came back with an older college kid who might be on holiday
without her parents for the first time and was attracted by the prospect of a
night doing the clubs.

Sometimes she came back with an older woman who was supposedly helping Lucy to
find her way home, and who we always thanked in our special way.

It was always fun because we never knew who Lucy would return with, but she
always managed to get someone who made our evening, and who sometimes stayed
with us for several days.  The rapes were even more enjoyable with Lucy helping
out in any way she could.  Opening the girl's legs, licking our assholes while
we fucked fresh cunt, forcing the woman to lick out her dripping pussy,
carefully helping our cocks to go from cunt to ass and back again, and ensuring
that the raped cunt was traumatised in every way possible.

This time Lucy beat even her high standards.  I was just reaching for another
beer when I saw Lucy walking along the beach to where we lay.  She was smiling
and laughing as she held the hand of the sweetest little piece of jail-bait.  As
she approached us she waved and pointed us out to her new friend.

"Hi," she laughed, "this is Britney.  She's lost her mummy and daddy but I said
that you would help her to find them.  Britney, this is my dad and my uncle. 
They'll look after you."

"Hi, Britney," we chorused.

"Hello," she replied, "I went to get an ice cream, but the man had sold out of
the type I like and then I couldn't find mummy."

"That's rotten," said Paul in his 'you can trust me because I'm a good person'
voice.  He pointed to the road behind the beach.  "There's an ice cream shop
over there.  Why don't we all get one and then we'll help you find your parents. 
What does mummy look like?"

We got up and sauntered slowly to the shop, getting the sweet little piece of
virgin meat away from the beach where her frantic parents would by now be
searching.

"She's really pretty and is wearing a lovely blue costume," came Britney's
reply.  

"I'm sure we'll find her really easily," said Paul.  "Say, why don't I carry you
on my shoulders.  I expect your feet are tired and you'll get a really good
view.  You'll be able to look for your mummy."

The gullible kid went along with Paul's idea and soon her legs were either side
of Paul's neck with Paul's hands considerately holding her thighs to stop her
from falling, as she was carried further from the beach.  Lucy and I went into
the ice cream shop while Paul and Britney chatted outside.  When we got back
Paul had been working his magic.

"Hey Rob, Britney's been told that she isn't supposed to talk to strange men and
she's worried that her mummy might be angry with her because she's with us, so
we've decided that the best thing to do is to go and find a policeman.  He'll
make sure she's OK and find her mum."

"Er .. yeah," I replied not quite knowing what I was supposed to say.

"I think the best place will be that cafe up the road.  There's always a couple
of policemen there.  It's where they grab a coffee on their breaks.  Me and Lucy
will take Britney there and she'll be safe.  Why don't you go back to the beach? 
Could you check the car on the way?"

"Good idea," I replied, realising that the plan was to get her even further from
the beach before stopping the pretence and that one man with two girls looked
far more natural than two men.  "See you soon."

I turned, walked to the car and drove it up a side road.  Parking by some empty
garages I waited for Paul to pass the spot where we had grabbed girls before. 
Sure enough, a couple of minutes later they turned the corner.

Lucy opened the car door while Paul swung Britney off his shoulders and threw
her in the back.  He jumped in next to her as Lucy got in the front and we were
off.  It had taken five seconds to change from helping Britney to kidnapping
Britney.  The tinted windows meant that the stupid kid couldn't do anything to
attract attention and her fate was sealed.

"What are you doing .... where are we going .... why ..."

Paul slapped her hard.  "We are the men mummy said you shouldn't talk to" he
laughed.  "And now you're going to find out why."

It only took five minutes to get to Paul's house but in that time she was
stripped of her bikini, her arms were tied behind her with the bra while the
scanty material that had been covering her hairless mound and sweet ass was now
stuffed into her mouth and held in place with some cord.  Paul was amusing
himself sticking his spit soaked fingers up her virgin pussy.  Lucy had turned
round to watch the fun and was frigging herself as she watched the little cunt
squirming to rid herself of the invading digits.

I turned into the drive, opened the garage doors with the remote and drove in. 
The doors closed behind us and Britney's nightmare began.

Paul usually set the pace on these trips and this time he had obviously decided
her body was what he wanted.  Playing with her mind could wait for later.  A
straight rape was going to be the first item on the agenda, and it was going to
be hard and fast.  He carried the struggling girl into the house, up the stairs
and threw her on the bed.  Lucy was right behind him, and by the time I got to
the bedroom they were already into their well rehearsed routine.

All three were naked.  Britney's arms were still tied but her gag had been
removed.  Paul was kneeling on the bed between Britney's thighs, one hand
holding her left leg while the other pinched her small nipples.  Lucy was
holding her other leg down while sucking and slurping on Paul's cock, getting
him to maximum hardness and giving him as much lubrication as she could.

"Stick it in the slut" he ordered, and Lucy guided the throbbing member to
Britney's tiny slit.  After rubbing Paul's cock through the virgin pussy lips a
couple of times she pushed the head into position and moved her hand back to his
balls. 

"Do it, lover," she encouraged, "make her scream.  I want to taste her blood on
your dick.  Do her now."

Paul plunged forward and Britney's world changed forever.

"Aaaaaarrrrrrrgggggghhhhhhh .. nnnnoooooo .. nnnoooo .. aaarrrggghhh .. stop ..
pleeeease .. nnnoooo ..  help .. " she looked at me and hoped I would somehow
stop her agony, "aaarrrrgggghhhhh .. nooo .. it huuuurrrrts .. pleeease stop  ..
nnnoooo .. pleeease ... take it out .. pleeeasse .. "

Paul was riding her hard and her pleas for mercy just made his cock harder as
Lucy helped in the rape of the little virgin.  She had moved behind Paul and her
hand was pushed between his legs to fondle his cock on the back strokes.  She
was rubbing her tits against his back and standing on tiptoe to lick his ear and
whisper encouragement to increase his pleasure.  Her fingers played around his
asshole and she kept encouraging Paul to fuck her harder.  It didn't take long
and as Paul neared his climax Lucy pushed her finger into his ass.  Paul shot
his load deep into the newly raped cunt who was now sobbing uncontrollably.

Lucy moved to between Britney's thighs and as Paul's cock emerged she engulfed
it with her sweet mouth.  After five minutes of gentle sucking as she cleaned
Paul's dick, she turned her attention to the ravaged pussy that was now
dribbling a mix of sperm, blood and cunt juice.  She licked up the gooey mess as
her hand worked on her own clit to bring her to a shattering orgasm.

"What hole are you going to fuck?" she asked me as she recovered.

"I'll start with a bit of cunt and then use that tight ass," I replied, "so flip
her over and we'll continue this ex-virgin's lessons."

Lucy got on the bed, turned Britney over and then lay down on the crying girl
with her head positioned just above Britney's ass.  I moved up to the bed and
Lucy reached for my rock hard dick.  A few minutes of Lucy's expert lips and
tongue soon had me gasping.  She took my cock from her mouth and slid it down
past Britney's asshole to her ravaged cunt.  After putting my cock into the
damaged hole she moved her hands round to my butt and pulled me into the hot
channel that now lay wide open between Britney's legs.  The second rape soon had
the little slut gasping for mercy again.

"Oh god .. nnnooo .. pleease .. no more .. its hurts so much .. please leave me
alone .. take it out .. please .."

"OK," I said, smiling at Lucy who knew exactly what was coming next as she
reached for my slime covered dick, removed it from the battered pussy and
positioned it at the tight anal ring that was just begging to be invaded.

"Oh god .. thank you .. thank you .. " gasped Britney, thinking for a second
that her torment was over and not realising that it was about to become much,
much worse.  "Thank you .. please let me go .. I want my mummy .. thank you for
not hurting me anymore  .. aaaaaaarrrrrrgggghhhhhhh .. nnnnooooo .. aarrrgghhh
.. god .. nnnoooo .. " her screams echoed off the walls as her pathetic thanks
were interrupted by the most pain she had ever known.  Lucy had pushed the head
of my cock into her anus and I was finishing the job of opening up her tightest
hole.  My throbbing member tore past the sphincter muscle that tried in vain to
protect her bowels and was deep in her hot anal canal.  As I hit rock bottom I
couldn't resist just holding it there.  Virgin ass.  There is absolutely nothing
better in the world.  So hot.  So tight.  So fucking brilliant, especially when
the slut who's giving it to me is begging me to stop.

"No .. no .. no .. oh god .. please no .. oh god .. hurts .. please don't ..
hurts so much .. pleease .. stop .. pleeease .. take it out .. I'll do anything
but please stop .. aaarrrggghhh .. please .. no more .. please .. no more .. no
more .."

Lucy was pulling Britney's cheeks apart to make sure I got maximum penetration
and, when she could, she was spitting on my dick to help increase the
lubrication and my gratification.  Lucy's moans and Britney's clenching ass sent
me over the edge in too short a time and with Lucy fondling my balls, I rammed
home and gave the little buggered slut her first spunk enema.

Lucy lay panting above Britney's battered asshole and begged to suck my cock
clean but I thought it was only right to allow Britney to do the honours.  Lucy
reluctantly agreed and swiveled round on Britney's prostrate body to grab her
face with both hands and force her mouth open.

"Here slut," I said as my shit covered cock slid into her mouth, "time for you
to enjoy another new experience."

She gagged and retched but Lucy did her work well and with no danger of
Britney's teeth spoiling my fun I moved my cock in and out of her mouth at will. 
After 10 minutes we released her from her task and Lucy immediately added her
own juices to the scum on my dick which Britney had failed to clean properly. 
Lucy's expert tongue soon had all the shit removed from my cock which was
rapidly regaining its erect shape.


Chapter 27

"Fancy a DP?" said Paul who was now standing next to me.

"Sounds good to me," I replied. "Hold the little bitch while I get underneath"

He grabbed her hair and told her to lift her body off the bed so that I could
lie down.  Her small torso was soon resting on my chest and her legs were spread
wide.  Paul made her sit up, position my cock at her dripping cunt and then
lower her pussy down onto the invading pole.  Crying the whole time but too
scared to make any real attempt at resistance, Britney began to fuck herself on
my dick.  We let her carry on until Paul got tired of watching and moved around
to her ass.  Pushing her forward he shoved his cock into the open anus that was
presented to him.

Lucy immediately got between our legs and began her caressing and sucking of
cocks, balls and assholes to add to the pleasure we were taking from the small
helpless girl squashed between us.  Because we had both got rid of our first
loads, it was more than half an hour later that Paul exploded in her ass, which
was the signal for Britney to sit up and start to fuck herself up-and-down on my
rampant cock.  For an amateur she was doing pretty well and my juice flooded her
fertile vagina soon after.  By this time Lucy was desperate for relief, and as
me and Paul regained our strength she sat herself down on Britney's head and
forced the little slut to lick her hot cunt until her own climax shook her
beautiful body.

Later that evening, after Lucy had cooked dinner, we sat and worked out what to
do next.  The TV news had an item where Britney's parents had appealed for her
to come home and said the usual crap about 'how she wasn't in any trouble' and
'just phone us, darling'.

We told the talking heads on the screen that Britney was actually in big trouble
but she couldn't phone right now because she was a bit tied up and Lucy was now
getting her to tongue asshole in just the right way.

Paul liked the look of the mother who was blonde with freckles almost
everywhere, but he hated the father who looked like an ex-wrestler.  He was
fucking huge.  He sat at the small table where they were doing the press
conference with his arm round his wife.  He gazed at her while the cameras went
for the trembling-lip close-up as she begged her little girl to come home.  What
Paul hated was that the husband was obviously deeply in love with his wife, and
that meant that Paul's mind started to work on how he could fuck up this man's
happy existence.  Paul wasn't going to be satisfied with ruining his daughter. 
He wanted to wreck the mother as well.  And, if he could turn the father's love
to hate it would be just perfect.

Paul laid out the plan.  We would keep Britney for a couple more days and then,
when the news and police had got bored and moved on to the next crime, we would
offer the daughter back.  But only if the mother became our slut.

For the next two days Britney was tied, whipped, fucked in all holes, taught how
to deep throat, became an expert ass licker, was fisted, buggered with bottles
and generally had several years sex education compressed into 48 hours.  Her
tight young holes were getting loose with constant abuse.

Paul was right about the news and the cops.  On the second day a shooting at a
local garage dominated the news and the mayor was on TV telling everyone how the
criminals would be tracked down by his wonderful police force.  Britney no
longer rated even a mention as the second to last item on the news, you know,
the 'social caring' item just before the 'amusing story to leave you with a
smile'. 

Paul bought a mobile phone, posted a letter to the kid's address telling the
mother to call the number and waited for the stupid bitch to walk into his trap. 
The next day the phone rang.

"Hello.  This is Danielle, Britney's mother.  I've got a letter that says you
know something about Britney," said the tied female voice on the end of the
phone.  It was obvious that she was making several calls a day to cranks who
were using her distress as wanking material.

"Yeah," said Paul. "Call again from the phone box at the beach in 30 minutes, or
Britney's little finger will be coming home in the next mail.  The finger with
the scar just under the nail."

"Oh my god.  You've got her.  Is she all right?  Let me speak to her.  Is she
hurt?  What do you want?  Let her go," the woman was in a world where hope and
fear met and she was putty in Paul's hands.

"Phone in 30 minutes," he said, and killed the connection.  Immediately I was
off in the car to watch her movements as she followed Paul's instructions.

20 minutes later I was there as she arrived with her husband, dashed into the
booth and frantically dialed the number. The phone ran, but Paul didn't answer. 
It ran again every minute until exactly 30 minutes after Paul had given her the
instruction when he picked it up.  He told her to go alone to another call box
and phone again.

She got back in the car and they moved to the next phone.  It was only a couple
of hundred yards away and I was able to call Paul to let him know that the
father was still with her.  I watched as she made the call and then ran back to
the car shouting to her husband to get out.  I knew that Paul had given her 10
minutes to get to the next call point, without her husband.  Trouble was, the
phone Paul had chosen was nearly five miles away and she had been told that if
she wasn't alone and on time she would be receiving various other parts of
Britney in her morning mail.

It worked.  The husband wanted to protest but she wasn't going to risk it and,
still shouting her explanation to him, she drove off at high speed.  Paul made
Danielle phone him on three more occasions from different places until, an hour
later, she was waiting outside a bar as I drove up.  Her instructions were just
to get in the car and say nothing and she did exactly what she had been told.  I
drove to a deserted car park where I told her to get out.  Paul moved in then
and soon she was driving down the freeway with her daughter's captor.

Paul's devious methods were working as usual.  He showed her some photos of her
little girl as proof that he had her and then spent two hours convincing her
that there was only one way to get her back.  If anything didn't go according to
plan her daughter would be just so many bloody packages.  She sobbed, begged,
offered him money, and tried everything she could think of, but Paul was
adamant.  The price was simple.  Her body.  Her willing body.  Her willing body
in front of her husband.

After she agreed, Paul gave her a couple of pills that he had got on the black
market to make her body want sex.  Her cunt would soon start to ooze juice while
her pussy lips, clit and nipples would become engorged.  Her body would be doing
all the right things but Paul wanted to be sure that her mind was going to join
in as well.  For two hours he kept working on her - telling her how Britney's
life depended on what happened in the next few hours.

He explained exactly what she had to do.  He ran her through the actions and the
words that would save her daughter - but would ruin her.  To help with some
appropriate lines he gave her a couple of his old film scripts, "Slut wife begs"
and "Anybody's".

A few more phone calls and an hour later I was waiting in the motel cabin we had
selected, for her husband to come through the door.  He entered the room and
immediately saw my gun pointed at his chest.

"No fucking about." I ordered. "Put on the handcuffs, now.  Then sit down."

Reluctantly he clamped his wrists together and sat in the chair by the door.  I
tied the poor bastard's legs and arms securely to the chair, gagged him and
phoned Paul.


Chapter 28

As they came through the door the woman began her audition.  It was an test that
would determine the fate of her child, and she was determined not to let her one
chance slip away.

"Oh baby," she purred as she draped herself over Paul, "Say you'll do me
properly this time.  I want to give myself to you completely.  My useless
husband can't give me the rough fucking I need.  Please say you'll do it to me."

Her voice nearly cracked as she talked about her husband, but she managed to
keep going.  The man's face was a picture.  All his wife had told him was that
she had something important to show him.  It would be after the show that he
would find out the truth.  But she knew that if she acted her part well enough
to save Britney, then her husband would never believe that she had been forced. 
Paul had made sure she realised that any failure, any indication that she was
not desperate for the fucking she was about to receive, anything that showed her
husband that she was only trying to save her little girl, would mean that the
deal was off.  

It was fucking brilliant.  She couldn't win.  If her husband hated her by the
end of the night, her daughter would be released.  If her husband still wanted
her, then her daughter died.

She turned to Paul and gave him a deep kiss while pulling at the buttons on her
coat.  It fell to the floor to reveal that she was naked underneath except for
stiletto shoes and a choker round her neck.  She began purring and moaning as
she wrapped her body round Paul, who was acting as though he wasn't very keen
with her husband watching.

"Dani, you lovely little slut, I'm all for fucking you some more, but doesn't it
bother you that muscle man over there can see what you're doing."

She tried not to look at her husband but Paul had turned her so she faced him
and had her back against Paul's chest.  As he ran his hands over her tits he
bent to kiss her ear and whispered so that only she could hear "Remember -
Britney needs you."  Taking one of his hands from her tits she moved it down her
body and pushed Paul's fingers into her wet cunt.  She then moved both her hands
behind her to fondle Paul's cock though his jeans.

"Him?" she managed to get some venom into her voice.  "Muscles?  Only in some
places.  The only one that counts is fucking useless.  You're what I need,
lover.  Ohhhh .. god .. harder .." Paul was twisting her nipples which were
already hard because of the pills he had given her.  "Do me baby.  Do me anyway
you want.  Use my holes.  Show that wimp what a real man can do.  I need you
now.  I need it hard.  Fuck me."

"OK," Paul replied, "but because you're such a slut I brought along some help. 
Go and say hello to my buddy.  He is a specialist in rough fucking.  When he's
finished with you it'll be weeks before even your slut cunt needs fucking
again."

She walked past her husband, swaying her hips, playing with her breasts and
licking her lips.  She reached for the buttons of my shirt and started to undo
them while kissing my face.

"Say you'll fuck me too," she gasped, "I'll do anything you want.  I want cock
inside me.  Please fuck me.  Please fuck me really hard.  I'm desperate for a
real fuck."

She moved her mouth over mine and stuck her tongue down my throat.  Her hands
had finished with my shirt and now started to remove the rest of my clothing. 
Paul decided to help her man enjoy the show.  He moved over to him and started
adding to his agony.

"She's so fucking hot, isn't she.  You're one lucky bastard, but why don't you
give her the treatment she keeps begging me for?  We've been fucking for a
couple of months now and she's just such a dirty bitch.  Loves to be slapped
around and really gets off on my dick when I work her tits over as I'm fucking
her."

The husband looked like he was being punched with every line that his wife and
Paul were making up.  His face had gone from hatred through disbelief and was
now fast approaching complete bewilderment.  The lies were working into his
brain, and his eyes were telling him that his lovely wife, his childhood
sweetheart, his precious little darling was really an unfaithful slut who wanted
rough sex.  On top of losing his cherished innocent daughter the mental stress
was getting to be too much to bear.  Paul didn't let up and in a lower voice, so
the wife couldn't hear, piled on the agony.

"Your daughter is the same, of course.  Once she saw what her mother was like
she wanted a go.  Came over to my place and begged to be fucked and buggered. 
She's been having a great time with us.  We made some films and passed her round
a few friends.  Fuck, she's one great lay.  I bet you've been lusting after her
for some time.  But, I'm forgetting.  You're not into roughing up sluts, are
you?  You're the lovey-dovey type.  Flowers, soft lighting, mood music and no
fucking idea.  Sit back and watch how a woman wants to be taken."

Paul raised his voice again so that the manipulated wife could hear.  "Your slut
woman has been begging me to fuck her ass.  She says you won't do it.  She tries
to lead you on and get you excited but you keep saying it's dirty and she
doesn't really mean it.  You just can't see how desperate she is to be buggered. 
You're just so stupid that you can't see she needs to be slapped about and taken
hard to reach a climax.  Watch her beg now she knows there are real men in the
room."

By now I was naked and she was on her knees sucking my cock.  I had moved round
slightly so that everyone got a good view of her head bobbing up and down.  She
wasn't bad but hadn't taken me into her throat yet.  I leaned down to her ear,
whispered "Britney", and then grabbed her hair and pulled her face off my dick.

"Want some help to get that cock good and deep in your throat?" I asked.

She looked up at me with a mix of pain and pleading in her eyes, but seeing no
mercy she knew she must continue with the charade.  "Yes please, lover.  I've
always wanted to give head properly but my useless husband won't help me.  Push
my head onto your dick.  Help me to do it right.  Make me gag on your cock."

I didn't need another invitation and with both hands dragged her lips all the
way down my shaft.  I did it nice and slow so that it was more difficult for her
to pretend that she wanted it.  When my cock first touched her throat she
started to reach but I just kept the pressure going.  Only her throat tried to
resist me.  She didn't try to pull her head back or push against me with her
hands.  She just let her head be used as a wanking machine.  As my cock slowly
slid deeper down her neck the constricting muscles and her constant gagging made
my dick swell even larger. 

I had to be careful not to come. We had another surprise planned for hubby and
while I was happy to spunk into any hole, Paul knew that every little bit of
mental anguish that he could add to her husband's agony was another nail in
their happy married bliss.  I pulled back and let my cock sit on her lips.  "How
was that baby?" I asked, "I wonder if Britney will learn how to do that to her
boyfriends."

Coughing and spluttering it took a short while before she could form any words,
but the reference to her daughter kept her mind on track. "Oh god.  That was
great.  Do it again.  I can take it, lover.  Please use me some more.  Do it
harder.  Use my mouth."

I carried on slowly fucking her throat until I was close to coming.  Reluctantly
pulling her head off my saliva covered cock, I pushed her towards Paul.  "Don't
forget there's another cock over there.  Sluts like you need more than one cock
and I expect you want to demonstrate your new found skills on a fresh dick."

She crawled over to Paul who was standing right next to her husband.  "Hey Dani,
me and wimp-boy here have been having a little chat" said Paul, "and he is
hoping you are going to show him what he should have been doing to you all these
years.  Do you want me to slap you around a bit before you start on my dick?"

She closed her eyes in resignation but her husband's mind was already fooled
into believing that his darling wife had betrayed him.  All he saw was that she
closed her eyes because she was so happy that someone finally understood her
needs.

"Use me," she pleaded, as she reached for the zip on Paul's pants, "make me your
slut.  I want it rough and hard.  Hit me.  Please."

Paul slapped her face a few times as she undressed him.  Not hard but enough to
make her realise that she had better keep up the pretence or else she was going
to be really hurt.  As soon as Paul's cock was free she bent her head and took
him into her mouth.  Bobbing up and down she sucked him to full hardness just
inches from her husband's dazed eyes.

"Show me what you can do," said Paul.  "I'm not going to help because real sluts
throat cock on their own.  They also do it as hard as they can.  Are you a real
slut?"

She didn't answer but just worked his cock deeper into her mouth.  As it reached
her throat she put her hands around Paul's ass and literally pulled her head
down onto his rampant dick.  With her lips hard up against his body she held her
head in position as long as she could before releasing the pressure and slowly
drawing her lips back up his shaft.

"Good girl" Paul praised her, "now keep that up while wimp-boy sees just what
he's been missing." 

She was doing well but her technique was not perfect and although she carried on
impaling her face on Paul's dick for another ten minutes, he was able to stop
himself coming fairly easily.  Anyway, he was saving himself for the next stage
of her husband's mental torture.

"Right bitch, we'll do some more of that later.  Sluts like you just can't get
enough cock in their throats and we'll let you swallow some spunk later on.  But
right now I bet your cunt's getting all wet and sloppy.  We really must fill it
up or you'll never reach the sort of cum that you keep telling me you need."

"Oh god, yes," she replied, standing up and moving to the sofa in the middle of
the room. "Fuck me now."

Paul looked at her as though she had forgotten something and as he moved over to
the sofa he mouthed the word 'Britney'.  She saw his anger and immediately
realised that she had missed one of the parts Paul had told her was crucial if
she wanted to save her daughter.

"My wimp husband always wears a condom," she said lying back on the cushions and
spreading her legs wide, "but I need to feel your cock, not some piece of
rubber.  I need to feel hot spunk up my cunt to really get off.  Please say
you'll spunk me.  Please.  Please."  She gyrated her hips and reached for her
pussy lips to spread them wide."

Paul smiled.  "Are you sure?" he asked. "Are you on the pill?"

"No.  And it's my most fertile time of the month.  But I don't care.  I need to
feel your cum inside me to take me over the edge.  When you spunk into me you'll
make a bastard for me to remember you by.  Breed me lover.  Breed me."  Tears
were welling up in her eyes as she begged Paul to ruin her marriage and her
life, but her husband wasn't looking.  His head was sunk down as her words hit
him like bricks.

"Fuck you're a slut," laughed Paul as he slotted his cock into her wide open
cunt. "Keep talking."

"Fuck me, lover .. give me a baby .. spunk in my cunt .. make me your pregnant
whore .. breed me lover .. show that wimp how to really fuck a woman."

Her cunt was sopping wet from the drugs and the natural reaction of her body to
having throated two cocks, and the sound of her juices slurping out of her hole
as Paul moved his dick around in her pussy filled the room.  He started to slap
her tits in time with his thrusts and she winced as the pain increased.

"Come on, slut," encouraged Paul, "you know how I like that slutty talk when I'm
fucking you."

"Oh god .. your cock is so big it hurts .. my cunt will never forget the feel of
your beautiful dick .. fuck me harder .. cum deep in my cunt .. make a baby in
me, lover .. you can fuck me anytime .. just call and I'll be yours .. waiting
with my legs spread for your cock .. do it .. fuck your little slut hard."

Paul tried, but he couldn't hold it back for long and soon his balls were
throbbing as he spunked deep into the poor slut's hole.  He was now gripping her
tits so hard that they were changing colour but she bravely kept up her act to
save her child.

"Oh yes, lover .. yes .. fill me up .. give me a baby .. breed my slut cunt ..
it's yours .. cum in my pussy .. I need to cum .. more .. please .. more."

Paul finished pumping his seed into her vagina and, with a last slap of her
tits, pulled out.  Immediately I was between her legs.

"A cum slut like you needs two cocks before she can get off.  Ain't that right?"
I sneered.

"Oh yes .. oh yes .. do me again .. fill me up with more cum .. please .."

I grabbed her ankles and spread her legs wide on either side of her head. 
Stuffing my rock hard dick into her wet hole I lent down, whispered that she
must remember Britney and let her hands reach for my balls as her mouth clamped
itself over mine to kiss me as deeply as she could.  Releasing one ankle to
reach for her swollen nipples I started to twist and pull her buds.  With her
legs at that angle her clit was being hit every time I slammed into her and soon
she was on the verge of her climax.  I reached down with my hand and pinched her
clit as hard as I could while shooting my potent sperm into her fertile open
cunt.

Her scream of pleasure was a death sentence to her marriage.  She might have
been able to explain about saving Britney.  She could have told her husband
about the drugs.  It was just possible that he would believe she was being
forced to act.  But she couldn't disguise the pleasure she had got from being
ravaged by a couple of hard cocks.

Paul had come up to her shoulders and now pulled her back so that her head was
hanging down over the side of the sofa.  "Suck time," he said and pushed his
semi-hard dick between her lips.  He started slowly, to allow her to pleasure
his cock, but after a while he was pumping her throat hard.  She gagged and
reached as she tried to breathe, but the spit and slime drooling from her mouth
was running over her upside down face and into her nose and eyes.  She looked a
fucking mess but Paul was really getting into the groove.

Eventually he stopped, stepped back and bent down to whisper in her ear.  She
looked at him with pure venom in her eyes while Paul just shrugged his
shoulders.  Hubby couldn't see what was happening because of the angle of her
head and all he heard were Paul's next words.

"OK, Dani, if that's how you want it.  I'll fuck your virgin ass if you insist 
..."

"No .. please .. " She moaned quietly to Paul but he just looked at her with
that evil grin of his and mouthed the word 'Britney'.  Realising there was no
escape she began the final part of her degradation.  Pulling her legs wide over
her head so that her cunt and ass were on display she looked up at Paul and
begged to be buggered.

"My ass .. fuck my ass .. I'm virgin .. my husband won't fuck me there .. I want
you to break me in .. bugger me .. fuck my tight hole .. wreck my ass .. please
.. make me your ass slut .. I want to feel you inside me .. I want your cum deep
in my butt .."

Paul was fingering her tight cherry anus and she was wincing in pain.  "It's
going to hurt" he said. "Are you sure?  My cock is much bigger than my fingers
and it'll probably rip you apart."

"I don't care .. I need it .. now .. oh god .. do it .. bugger me .. I need you
to fuck my ass .. do it hard .. do it rough .. bugger me now .. please .. "

I moved to her head and cut off her begging by sliding my hard cock into her
mouth.  Holding her throat I could feel the head of my dick as it made her neck
bulge.  Paul placed his cock at her tight hole and very slowly pushed it all the
way in, half an inch at a time.  Her screams around my cock were absolutely
fucking magic.  I began pounding her throat while Paul trashed her anus.  As a
demolition job it was amazing.  After two minutes she pissed herself and then
she puked over my dick.  It didn't stop us.  We just kept hammering into the
shattered body that had once been a kind mother and a loving wife.

Paul came first and worked her tits as her bathed her ass with spunk.  I was
close behind, with my hands round her neck and chin to get the maximum
penetration I shot my load straight into her belly.  She had passed out as I was
in the middle of spunking but came-to quickly when I moved away.  Gagging,
coughing and spluttering, she tried to regain some small bit of self respect as
she lay on the sofa crying, but Paul wasn't the type to show mercy.  She was
soon on her knees cleaning shit, blood, piss and cum from Paul's dick before
moving over to lick her puke of my soft cock.  When she had finished we got up
to leave. 

"Good girl," said Paul.  "Not great, but not bad.  If it had been great you
would have Britney now, but because it wasn't A+ we'll keep her for another
couple of days.  I know you'll understand.  Bye, Dani."

That's the amazing thing about Paul.  He manages to fuck everyone.  Just when
you think that it would be impossible to beat making the mother fuck us in front
of her husband, he does something to fuck her up even more.  Her wails as we
left the motel room were the icing on the cake.


Chapter 29

Lucy was ecstatic that Britney was to be with us for a couple more days and made
the most of her new lesbian lover.  While the fucking was good we knew that we
had to go home again soon and three days later we made the call to her parents.

Paul, bastard to the end, dressed Britney in a sexy tight skirt with a cut off
top and left her with her hands tied behind her in an alley.  He then told the
local winos she was one of his street whores who had cheated him and was being
punished.  We gave them an hour with Britney before Paul phoned the mother to
tell her where her little girl was.

We hid near by and watched as the distraught parents arrived to find their sweet
daughter being gang raped by a load of diseased old men.  The husband went
berserk and may have even killed a couple of them before the others ran off
leaving Britney's well fucked body on the ground.  It was obvious from the way
the father refused to let his wife even comfort her kid that Paul had managed to
fuck up their happy marriage.

We drove home well pleased with our week's work and let Lucy take turns sucking
our cocks until we arrived at the house.

Life went back to normal for a while but Paul had one last slut to turn to his
pleasure.  By now Anna was well aware of what was going on around her.  Lucy was
always desperate for sex.  Her mother was a robotic whore.  Paul and me were
hardly ideal examples of good parenting and it was obvious we had to do
something.

Paul had started her basic training but she was not reacting in the expected
way.  Although she saw fucking all the time, although her mind was being
influenced by drugs and hypnosis, she wasn't really getting into sex in the way
her sisters had.

"Deep down she's a prude," said Paul one evening.  "She accepts what goes on
around her but she thinks it's dirty and disgusting.  She won't even watch some
of the late night talk-shows because of the 'awful people who should know better
and shouldn't be talking about their private lives on television'.  For once,
I'm lost as to what we should do."

"Well," I said, "Why not go with the flow?  We rape her regular and because
she's a prude she'll hate it.  If we keep raping her, especially good rough
stick-it-up-her-ass rape, it will really fuck with her mind."

"That's an idea," said Paul mulling over the possibilities. "But we could do
that to anyone.  Its easy to grab a girl, keep her here and fuck her all the
time.  I want Anna to fuck loads but to hate the idea at the same time, I'm just
not sure how to turn her into that sort of fucked up slut.  How do I make her
have sex, if deep down she doesn't want to.  The whole point of what we've done
before is that, deep down, Lucy loves sex and Tina was desperate for filth.  So
how do you turn Anna around.  Fuck, if she got married she be one of those
once-a-month-because-it's-my-duty wives."

"That's it - duty."  It isn't often that I'm quicker than Paul in the ideas
department, but this time I saw it way before he did.  "If she thought it was
her 'duty' to have sex then that could do it.  We could keep the prude but have
a girl who fucks because it is her duty to serve men, even though they are
disgusting pigs."

"Who you calling a pig?" laughed Paul.  "I prefer goat, or horse.  But that
could work."

It not only could work, it did work.  Anna's training took a slight twist.  She
was still exposed to all the sex we could drive into her brain but the slant was
now that men can't help it and women are only on this earth to serve the men. 
Men only rape because their sexual needs have not been fulfilled by some woman
somewhere.  Women had a duty to fuck with the poor men who were unable to
control themselves.  It wasn't the men's fault.  They had been created with a
constant need for sex, and women had been created to satisfy the men.

Some women enjoyed sex, some women were cruel and charged money for sex, some
women stupidly tried to prevent men from having sex and, if the poor man just
couldn't control himself anymore, they would end up being raped.  In fact, it
was only because men tried so hard to control themselves that women weren't
being fucked in the street the whole time.  Men were actually trying really hard
not to constantly impose themselves on women but their genes meant that they
were fighting a losing battle.

A woman's duty was to help men - all men.  A woman's duty was to extract the cum
from men's balls whenever a man wanted it.  It was all right for a woman not to
encourage a man, it was even OK if the woman didn't really like fucking, but if
any suggestion of sex came up then it would be because the poor man was fighting
hard against his natural instincts and was being overcome by his terrible fate. 
Men made a huge effort not to ask every woman to fuck within a minute of meeting
them, but they only managed this by making comments or suggestive remarks in the
hope that the woman would take pity on them and help them relieve the constant
pressure in their balls.

Anna fell for it.  Every bit of the perverted shit that we pumped into her
fitted with her weird life anyway so why shouldn't she believe it?  She saw Lucy
and Judy fuck at the drop of a hat.  She saw me and Paul get desperate for sex
if more than a day or two passed.  She saw other men at the house who would be
going crazy for a chance to fuck Lucy.  She saw Judy going out specifically to
help men by offering them her body.  She looked at videos where women were
constantly trying to get spunk from the men.  She was told that her solemn duty
was to help the poor men in their constant battle with their own bodies.

Her prudish nature was also satisfied.  She need not enjoy being fucked.  She
didn't have to ask men to fuck her.  She was only doing what she was meant to
do.  For a woman not to fuck various men several times a day would be like not
having to take a piss several times a day.  It wasn't good or bad, it wasn't
enjoyable or nasty, it wasn't even that it really mattered.  It was just one of
those natural things and once it was done you didn't need to piss again for a
while, and a man wouldn't need to fuck for a while.  Depending on the man it may
be a day before he needed to fuck again or it may be 10 minutes but that was
just in the nature of things.  While it did seem strange to her that she mostly
met men who wanted to fuck all the time, she put that down to bad luck.

As her training neared it's conclusion we worked out the best way to take her
virginity.  Paul sent Judy and Lucy away for a bit.  We carried on fucking other
women but made sure Anna didn't realise.  During the week we fucked a couple of
sluts at the bar, had a great time raping a college student when we broke into
her room, and enjoyed some slut's virgin ass when we disturbed her and her
boyfriend in their car in the park, but we pretended to Anna that we hadn't had
any sex for several days.  As her birthday approached it was obvious that she
was getting concerned for our well being.  She thought that we must be putting
up an heroic struggle not to rape her and she even told us we should go and find
a prostitute the night before her big day.  Paul said that they didn't work on
Fridays and the stupid cunt accepted his explanation.

On her birthday morning I had to tell her that Paul wasn't well.  She asked what
was wrong and I said that now she was fourteen she was old enough to understand
that he just couldn't keep up the unequal struggle anymore and that his body was
rebelling because of a lack of sex.  If something wasn't done soon he would
become extremely ill and may eventually die.  Struggling not to laugh, I
explained that I just didn't know what to do.  Lucy and Judy weren't back for
another week, and when a man got to this stage it was very difficult for a woman
to have sex with him because of all the extra demands that were made.  A man in
his state could only be brought back to normality by intense sex sessions over
at least a two day period.

She asked if I was OK and I confessed that I wasn't feeling too well either but
that I was trying to make the best of it for Paul's sake because he had been my
friend for so long.  Her next question was exactly what we had expected.

"Can't I help?  I love him so much and he's always been so kind to me.  Although
he has seen my body getting bigger he hasn't tried to touch me at all.  My
breasts are so big now and my vagina always seems to be dribbling fluid.  Lucy
says that's because I'm nearly ready to start my life of service to men, but
that you and Paul have been trying hard not to have sex with me yet because
you're not sure I'm properly prepared."

"I know, darling," I said, "but just listen to you.  It proves we shouldn't
touch you yet because you won't use the words that a man needs to hear.  I
expect Lucy has told you all the things to say when you're helping a man but you
just won't do it."

"I know them.  I can say them." She replied "but Lucy said I only need to do it
when I am actually having sex with a man.  I don't need to say them all the time
like her.  I know all the things I'm supposed to do.  Let me help.  Please. Paul
needs me.  When I've helped him to get better I could help you too."

I nearly came in my pants.  She was doing everything just as we had worked out. 
The little slut was preparing herself for the ultimate sacrifice to save us poor
men from our intolerable need to fuck.  I started on the next stage, although I
was starting to talk such bullshit that I was having trouble not laughing.

"Well, its probably the only thing that can help us now, but you realise that we
are so ill that you will have to make a huge effort.  It's not just fucking that
we need now.  To get better you will have to do everything on your own and make
it really good for us.  If you don't go all out to make it the best fuck we've
ever had, we may relapse and then even Lucy and Judy will not be able to help
us."

"I'll try.  I'll try really hard," she said, her bottom lip trembling although I
could tell that her mind was taking her down a road where she was the heroine
coming to the rescue and saving not one, but two, poor wretched men who were
worn out with their overwhelming burden.  "I'm sure I know most of the things to
do - Lucy has been teaching me - but is there anything else that I don't know."

"Its really difficult for me to tell you," I said. "You're so sweet, and so good
to help us like this."

"Let me help you," she said, "tell me what I need to know."


Chapter 30

An hour later Paul and I were lying on the huge bed in his room when the door
opened and Anna came in.  She was dressed as a nurse.  Well, that's not quite
true.  Bits of her were dressed as a nurse.  She had a nurse's cap, a white
choker and white elbow length gloves.  On her feet were white high heeled boots
that went up to mid thigh.  The only other item of clothing was a totally
inadequate apron which just covered her erect nipples unless she moved whereupon
it merely emphasised how large her firm tits were in comparison to her tiny
waist.  The bottom of the apron was cut to expose her hairless cunt while her
ass and back were not covered by any material at all apart from a couple of
flimsy straps.

Her dark brown hair had red streaks and the make-up would have had her thrown
out of any hospital car park, let alone a hospital ward.  Her ruby red outlined
lips contrasted with the flawless pale skin and the deep green eye make-up which
must have taken her ages to put on.  She was enough to make you cum just by
looking.

"I'm the new nurse," she said in a voice that somehow conveyed the impression
that she was frantic to get a cock inside her. "I'm going to help you boys get
better."

"Oh god," I moaned, my cock going to full erection at the prospect of the joys
to come.  Paul managed to be more in tune with her reality (and our fantasy) and
gasped out that he hoped she could help but he was not convinced because he was
so ill.

She walked to the bed and immediately reached for Paul's cock.  She squirted
cream onto it and began to move her hand slowly up and down while fondling his
balls with her other hand.  Bending to take the head of his rock hard dick
between her lips she kissed and licked and suckled the top inch while staring
straight into his eyes.  Every now and then she would move her head back just
enough to say a few words.  "I'll make it better, lover ... I'll help you to cum
... you can fuck me with your cock ... my cherry is yours whenever you want ...
please get better .. I want you to fuck me so you can be well again .."

I'd never seen her like this.  Lucy had reported back to us that her training
had been going well, but around the house we only saw the prude, never the slut. 
I had been unsure whether she would actually believe all the crap she was being
told, but the drugs, hypnosis and indoctrination had obviously worked their way
into her brain.  The stupid slut was going to rescue the men who had so bravely
fought against their primal urges and the only way she could do it was by
fucking our brains out.  I know I've said it before, but women are so fucking
STUPID.

She put more cream on Paul's dick, pushed the front of her apron down to her
waist and moved up the bed to slide his erection between her glorious tits. 
Massaging her nipples as Paul's slippery cock slipped back and forth she
continued to promise she could help him recover.  "My cunt can help you ...
please say you'll use me ... I can do everything that Lucy can ... I'm ready to
be your slut ... I want you to take my virgin hole ... say you'll break my cunt
open ... please ... please ... I know it's what I must do ..."

Paul lay back on the pillows looking at her.  If he didn't get it inside her
soon he knew he would explode.  Even someone who has fucked as much as Paul can
only take so much.  "OK," he said. "It's the only thing that might help."

Anna moved further up the bed to sit astride Paul and rubbed her cunt lips over
his cock.  She pulled off the apron and reached for her pussy lips to spread
them around the cock that lay beneath her.  She started to massage her creamy
tits as she moved her hips so that her outer lips were sliding up and down
Paul's cock.  "I promise it will help," she purred. "I'll make it the best
you've ever had.  I know you're ill so I'll do all the work.  I'll take my own
virginity on your cock.  Don't worry if you haven't got the energy to fuck me. 
Just lie still while I fuck you with my cherry cunt."

She pushed up from the bed and reached between her legs.  Fondling the head of
his dick with her fingers and tossing his shaft with her other hand she lowered
her body until she had the head of Paul's throbbing member lodged in her tight
hole.

"Be brave, lover," she said, "I'll try to be gentle."

She slowly let her body move downwards as her tight wet virgin cunt engulfed
Paul's cock.  Like me, Paul has broken in hundreds of cherries.  Usually the
best way is hard and fast, listening to the screams to increase the great
feeling of a ripped open cunt spreading itself around your invading cock.  But
afterwards Paul said it was the best virgin breaking he had ever experienced -
and he didn't move a finger, he just lay there as Anna impaled herself on him. 
She broke her own hymen slowly, and then just as slowly raised herself back up
his dick before again gently pushing down.  She must have been in pain but you
couldn't tell as she gently massaged Paul's cock with her bleeding hole.

"Break me lover ... open me up ... be the first to fuck this tight teen cunt ...
it's fresh and it's all yours ... fuck me ... I'll remember your cock forever
... get it in deep ... feel my cunt suck you in ... fuck me ..."

Her hands had moved to increase his pleasure.  One was gently rubbing his
nipples while the other was stretched behind her body to cup his balls.  Paul's
dick slid in and out of her sopping vagina, covered in her love juice and
streaked with red blood, as Anna drooled slightly from the corner of her perfect
mouth and coaxed the cum from him.

"Fuck me ... fuck me with your cock ... you're such a great fuck ... I'll never
stop wanting your dick ... cum in my virgin cunt ... give me your sperm ...
no-one has ever fucked me before ... I want you to cum inside me ... please
spunk your little teen slut ... spunk into my vagina ... please cum for me,
lover ... "

Paul erupted.  His body almost jumped from the bed as his cum shot from his
aching cock into her unsullied pussy.  He finally had to move his hands and he
grabbed her hips to hold her tight onto his spurting cock.  Anna reached her
climax, or gave the best act I've ever seen of a girl in the throws of ecstasy. 
Moaning and begging and crying out with rapture she caressed his balls to get
the last drops from his sac.  As Paul lay back she lifted herself off him and
bent to take the softening member into her mouth.  As carefully as she had first
sucked him she now gently licked away her cunt slime from his cock and was
overjoyed as he began to harden again.

She continued to suckle his growing cock as she wanked his shaft with gentle
strokes from her gloved hands.  As he returned to full hardness she looked up at
him and purred.

"I knew I could help lover.  I know that we must do it lots more to make sure
you recover fully but now you've been able to cum once I hope we can cure you
completely.  Are you ready to fuck me again?  I'd love you to add to the spunk
that's inside me.  Can you manage to fuck me or would you like me to fuck you? 
I'll love it whichever way you chose.  I just want you to put your cock back
into me."

"I'd like to see if I can fuck you this time," said Paul trying hard not to show
how smug he was that his plan had worked. "But you may have to help me.  Lie on
your side and open your legs."

She complied and again reached for his cock with her hands to locate it at the
entrance to her cunt.  Paul pushed a bit but let her do most of the work as his
dick slid easily into her ravished hole.  She gasped as he entered her again but
soon settled into satisfied little mewling sounds she thrust down onto his
hardness with regular strokes.  As she concentrated on making Paul's cock cum
inside her sopping vagina, she looked over at me.

"Oh god," she exclaimed.  "Oh Rob.  I'm so sorry.  I'd forgotten about you.  You
poor darling.  How could I be so cruel?  You must be so desolate.  Watching Paul
get better while your own illness gets worse.  I'm so sorry.  I'll make it
better for you too.  Can you slide over here?  Are you strong enough to put your
cock in my mouth?  Let me help."

I pretended to have difficulty moving but bravely managed to get my cock near to
her sweet lips.  As she humped Paul's dick she reached for my erect shaft and
enveloped it with her mouth.  In two goes it was deep in her throat with her
lips hard up against my body.  She removed a glove and dipping her finger into
her juicy cunt she used the lubrication to help her push it into my asshole. 
Her other hand found my balls and she lay still.

Her throat massaged my dick as her finger gently tickled my prostate, and her
hand gently squeezed my balls.  For over a minute the only movement you could
see were her hips thrusting down onto Paul's groin.  Then she moved her head up
to the top of my dick, said "I love your cock" and pushed her mouth back down to
rock bottom.  It was like no blowjob I had ever had before.  She only touched
the head of my cock with her lips about once every minute and there was
virtually no visual movement at all.  It would have made a crap film because she
looked like a still photograph, but her swallowing throat around my cock was
like a rippling vacuum cleaner.

I held out for as long as I could but I had no control over the action. 
Throating usually involves me holding the slut's head as I drive my cock in and
out of her mouth.  When I want to go deep I go deep, when I want tongue or lips
on the head of my cock I move back a bit.  I'm always in control which means I
can make it last as long as I want.  But Anna was teaching me something new.  I
lay back, loved every minute and tried to make it last as long as possible.  In
the end I gave up.  Her finger in my ass frigged my prostate to increase the
intensity of my ejaculation and several pints of cum spurted up my shaft to
enter her stomach.  After the first two spurts she moved her head up to take the
rest of my spunk in her mouth, with the final jets going over her face.

She held my cock at the base and looked at me as she toyed with the cum in her
mouth.  Dribbling and drooling so that she looked even sluttier than before, she
used her shit stained finger to catch stray globs and put then back into her
mouth.

"I love your spunk, Rob," she moaned.  "Give me all you have.  Promise you'll
always use my mouth when you want to cum.  Let me be your spunk slut.  Let me,
please."


Chapter 31

The whole day was spent fucking and sucking as Anna worked hard to reverse the
terrible illness that we had endured.  Paul and I had trouble in curbing our
enthusiasm for fucking this sweet little piece, but we knew that it was
important that this first session went according to her expectations. 

She was nothing like the prudish little goody-goody she was normally.  She was
doing her duty and seemed to be enjoying herself.  It would only be later that
we would find out if she still retained her puritanical attitudes or whether she
was now a hot-ass slut like her sister.

Half way through the second day Paul and I decided it was time for a relapse. 
She had more sacrifices to make and we wanted to convince her that she was still
not fully performing her duty unless she went further than she could yet
imagine.

Her face crinkled in disappointment when it seemed that Paul and I were falling
back into the clutches of our awful illness.  She had spent the day dressed as a
showgirl.  Sequins and tassels were all over her scanty clothes which
accentuated her tits, waist and ass in the most blatant way.  Her face and body
was covered with fantastic over-the-top stage make-up and her lips, cheeks,
eyelids and much of her body glittered.

While we had continued fucking we had tried (with some difficulty) to be less
than totally enthusiastic all morning and as Anna tried harder and harder to
regain our interest she sensed something was wrong.  Paul did the talking and he
explained how this sort of regression was normal.  We had expended so much
strength fighting our urges before she had helped us that we might not ever be
able to return to normal.  The only cure was more sex, and it had to be more
extreme.  He didn't want to mention it but unless her ass was available as well
as her other holes and unless she really tried to satisfy all our needs, even
those deep down fantasies that we had been bottling up, it was possible that her
efforts so far would have been in vain.

She fell for it.  Asking us to follow her to the main room she lay over the
swivel stool that had been built for one of Paul's films.  The stool was like a
small bed with a height control so that it could be moved to cock height whether
you were standing or kneeling, and swiveled round so that a girl could be gang
banged by a circle of men without them having to move.  She lay on her back with
her head hanging backwards over one end of the stool while she pulled her legs
way back in that double-jointed way some porn stars can manage so that her cunt
and ass were totally exposed.  Moving her hands down to her ass she looked at us
and offered herself completely.

"I want you to bugger me," she said.  "I want one of you to break open my ass
while the other fucks my face.  When you want to change, just turn me round and
you can have a different hole.  Start in my mouth so I can get you well
lubricated and then make me an ass slut.  I've got to get you both well, and I
know that my tender virgin ass can help.  Please fuck my ass.  Lucy says that
after you've both sodomised her she can't shit properly for days.  I want to be
used like that.  Please."

Paul and I tossed a coin to see who would be first in and I won.  I stepped up
and let her slaver all over my cock.  Sliding it up and down her throat to make
sure it was as slimy as possible while Paul loosened her ass with his fingers. 
As soon as I was as hard and wet as she could make me, I turned the stool round.

She lifted up her head to look at me and moved her hands to either side of her
last virgin opening.  "Do it, lover.  Please do it now," she begged stretching
the puckered hole with her fingers. "Use me like the slut I am.  Fuck my ass. 
Trash my tight little hole with your beautiful big cock."

I didn't need any further invitation and wedged the head of my dick just inside
her anal ring.  I popped it in and out a couple of times as Anna almost cried in
frustration.  "Do it properly, Rob, please.  Ram it home.  Make me scream. 
You'll love it.  My ass is tight and hot and just waiting for you to make it
yours.  Please bugger me."

I lent forward and thrust as hard as I could.  Her ass was so tight that the
sensation around my spit covered dick was close to pain, but after a couple more
hard shoves my cock started to move more easily.  The whole time Anna kept
looking at me and begging for more as I ripped her ass open.  "Aaarrgghhhh .. oh
god .. so hard .. do it .. do it hard .. god it hurts .. aaarrrggghhh .. don't
stop .. use my ass .. make your cock split me apart ... oh god .. it hurts so
good .. fuck it harder ... make me an ass slut .."

Paul waited until I was into a good rhythm and then pulled Anna's head back to
start getting her lubrication on his own cock.  She was soon being impaled from
both ends and once Paul was ready we pulled out, swiveled the stool and started
fucking the new hole that was waiting to be ravaged.  Anna didn't miss a beat. 
My shit and blood stained cock went straight down her throat and was soon
cleaned by her lips and tongue.  With changes every few minutes we kept up the
double fucking for more than half an hour.  Anna was completely breathless the
whole time but even when she didn't have a cock down her throat for the few
seconds it took to turn the stool , she still managed to beg for more, or to be
fucked harder or longer or rougher.

All good things must end and eventually we came.  Paul was first to spunk up her
ass and the very next turn of the stool meant had my own cock also spurting into
her already flooded ass.  We rested as Anna tried to get up but it took a while
for her cramped legs to unwind and allow her to walk.  She looked like she had
just got off a horse and the high heels didn't help her as she started to hobble
to the bathroom.

"Where you going," asked Paul.

"I've got to clean up," she replied, "Your cum is dribbling from my ass down my
legs."

"And fucking good it looks too," was Paul's response, "so leave it dribbling. 
If you must clean it up, do it here with your fingers and mouth."

She turned and bent at the waist so we could see how her once tight little anus
now gaped wide.  Sperm oozed from the ruined orifice in small globs and then
slid down her thighs.  She reached back and tried to collect it with her hand
before turning her head to look at us and licking her fingers clean.

"OK," said Paul, when the steady oozing was reduced to a trickle, "break time's
over.  Get sucking."

She obediently bent to her task and soon had us both returning to semi-hardness. 

For two days we put her through the mill.  Everything we could think of.  Two
cocks in her cunt at the same time.  Making her masturbate.  Swallowing piss. 
Ass licking.  Further deep throat training.  Bondage workouts.  What to do with
a cucumber.  The correct use of a double headed dildo.  By the time Lucy and
Judy returned we were cured.  Anna was exhausted but happy, and immediately
reverted to her puritan ways by refusing to discuss what had occurred, wearing
her less attractive clothes and scolding Lucy for the way she constantly needed
sex.

We decided it would be more fun not to take Anna out of school.  Every day she
set off wearing the clothes Lucy had bought for her.  All of them sexy rather
than blatant and Anna spent most of the day trying to pull the skirt down to
cover at least some of her thighs; holding her books in front of her huge tits
which were even more obvious in the blouse that was too small; trying not to
walk in a sexy way when she was wearing four inch fuck-me heels.

The boys in her class soon worked out what to do.  Being nice to her didn't
work, but almost everything else did.  Almost any comment on her clothes, body,
sex in general, or how they wanted her resulted in Anna offering blowjobs to
help them get through the day.  Soon blowjobs weren't enough and her cunt was
brought into play.  Her ass wasn't part of the fun for nearly a month but then
it too fell victim to her overriding need to perform her duty to mankind.

Her grades started to fall until the male teachers got in on the act.  Anna
hardly had any education for the next two years but her report card said she was
near the top of the class.  The girls in her year got pissed off until the boys
expanded their enjoyment by persuading Anna that watching lesbian sex really
helped them to control their urges.  Anna was now being used by the three dykes
in her year and was persuaded to entice innocent girls into her arms for the
enjoyment of her classmates.

The circle of boys and men who fucked her kept expanding.  Kids from
neighbouring schools, friends of the teachers, the neighbourhood cops, workers
on building sites she passed on the way to school, the local group of bikers, if
they were male and bold enough to ask for sex or even just shout out that she
had a great pair of tits, Anna would soon be fucking them up against the nearest
wall.

It was so fucking funny watching her when she finally got home every day from
school.  As she came through the door she would try to mop up the cum streaming
from her well used cunt and ass before Lucy grabbed her to lick it out of her
holes.  She would try to push her sister away until Paul or I told her how
exciting it was for us and to let Lucy have her fill.  It seemed that there was
always something different to disgust her and her complaints about why the other
girls weren't pulling their weight in helping the poor boys to control
themselves were hilarious.  After she was gang banged by the rival team at a
football match she was more pissed off at the opposition cheerleaders than with
the boys on the team.  She couldn't understand why none of the other girls had
helped out.

One day we had gone to the park to catch some rays and check out the local
talent.  We sat on the grass some distance from most of the other people because
Lucy was being particularly randy and kept reaching for our cocks to suck.  We
had sent Anna for some more beers but she had been gone for over an hour.  Paul
had spotted her after 15 minutes with our drinks but she was with two older men
and was heading into the public toilets.  Since then, nearly all the men who
went in seemed to be taking about 15 minutes just to have a piss and there were
several angry women hanging around outside wondering why their husbands were
taking so long.

We had been lying back while Lucy sucked us off but when she had finished we
told her that she would have to play with herself if she wanted anymore sex. 
Paul sat up, and looked at a family walking a little distance away.  The wife
was tiny, pretty and blonde but what had really caught his attention were the
two daughters messing about behind her.  They were twins, about 12 years old,
and were laughing and playing with a small dog.  The husband was carrying a
third girl, about 8 years old, on his shoulders.  We watched as they went past.

"I've been thinking," said Paul.  "It might be time to bring some new blood into
our little circle.  I like to have a project on the go and I was wondering if
some new faces would be good for our films."

"Why not," I replied. "I assume you're talking about those kids with the dog."

"Yeah, it could be fun.  With Lucy to help it should be much easier than last
time.  I'm toying with the idea of getting the husband to become gay and take
massive pricks up his ass.  But it might be better to see if we could work on
both of the parents so that they offer the kids to us.  It'll be difficult to
work out which twin to fuck first, but my life is full of tough problems.  What
do you think?"

I laughed.  "Fucking hell, Paul, you're such a bastard.  But we might as well go
for it.  It could be fun.  As for which of the poor cunts gets corrupted first I
don't really mind, although I always prefer them as young as possible.

"It's a deal then.  Lets go and recruit some fresh new pussy."

"OK Paul," I replied. "Whatever you want."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wontworry


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





