BDSM Library - Training Laurie




Training Laurie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An ongoing story of a sheltered girl who is indoctrinated into the world of slut training and BDSM by her older boyfriend.  This is a true and currently ongoing story.
Training Laurie

Part 1 ( Porn Shop Training )

It was strange but wonderful how we wound up together.  We had been the best of
friends for several years.  She was married and I was single.  We bartended at
the same place.  I had a full time day job but kept the bar thing on the side. 
She had a husband who made a good living but she worked at the bar for a release
and to maintain her independence.

When she left her husband it just seemed to happen naturally that we were
together.  Most people who know us don't believe that it happened that way, but
it did.  Anyway, we started fucking each other right away.  She had only ever
had two lovers in her whole life...a boyfriend of seven years, and then her
husband of 5 years.  At thirty she had only ever had two cocks.  In contrast, I
have had a very active sex life and have had hundreds of partners.  My ex-wife
and I were into the swinging scene and after being divorced for 8 years I had
fucked most of the bartenders and cocktail waitresses I had worked with at one
time or another. 

When it first started she told me that she was intimidated about having sex with
me.  Like I said, we were best friends so she knew every aspect of my previous
sexual history.  I think that is part of the turn on for her.  She let me know
early on that she liked the concept of being tied up.  I wasted no time in going
to the local porn store and stocking up on extra handcuffs, rope, lube a
blindfold and a couple of dildoes in various sizes.

Over the first couple months we experimented and I tested her limits.  She
almost immediately shaved her pussy because she knew I liked that.  Within a few
weeks I let her shave my cock and balls...it only seemed fair.  I learned that
she liked having her nipples abused...REALLY abused.  I had always wanted to
meet someone like this, but it made me nuts when I realized that I had finally
met someone I loved that truly loved pain.  The harder I yanked on those nipples
the more turned on she would get.  There were times when I felt that I was going
to rip them off!

It's kind of weird because after the first three months I almost talked to a
friend of mine about her.  Although she seemed always horny, she wasn't very
aggressive and gave a really lousy blow job. One night when I was particularly
aroused, I just started fucking her mouth like it was a pussy.  I rolled on top
of her and just started shoving the full length in over and over.  Much to my
surprise, the more I forced my cock down her throat, the wetter and more aroused
she became.  I knew her sexual background and had always thought of her as a bit
of a prude...but here she was getting off big time by me shoving my cock down
her throat like she was a two dollar whore.  This definitely had possibilities!

Not a shy person, I next tested her by pulling her hair and using her hair to
force her head into my cock.  It got to be a joke because we would find big
globs of hair on the couch or in the bed after I fucked her.

Before we started fucking, she had never experienced a dildoe or vibrator.  I
introduced her to those the first time I had her tied up.  It was her suggestion
for me to put I-bolts into the wall next to the bed.  I took full advantage.  I
love depriving her of an orgasm and bringing her right to the edge before
stopping and making her wait.  So here's were it starts to get fun!!!

I kept hinting that she should go to the "fun store" (porno shop) with me and
she always said that she would have to be drunk to do that.  So last Saturday
night we picked up a bottle of Sambuca (her favorite) and headed to my place. 
At 5'2" and 100 pounds it doesn't take too much to get her drunk.  Around 11pm
we headed to the book store where I bought my sex toys.  I was familiar with the
place.  She had never been in any place like it before.

I had a whole plan she knew nothing about so I had her dress in the sluttiest
clothes she had before we left.  She was wearing a miniskirt with no panties
that let her cheeks hang out the back and barely covered her snatch.  She also
wore a tube top that showed her belly and barely covered her A cup breasts.  We
browsed the dildoes, benwa balls and other toys before she asked about the
entrance to the "theater".  I was thrilled because I was trying to think of how
to suggest going into the peep shows without letting on what was in my mind.  It
didn't take more than a suggestion to get her into one of the booths.  Inside of
thirty seconds I had her clothes off and she was squatting on the floor and
going down on me.

I had scouted the place earlier and had purposely picked a booth that had glory
holes on both sides.  I knew the place sort of catered to guys looking for
guys...but I also knew that there would be plenty of just plain horny
men...especially on a Friday night.  It wasn't long before the first cock
appeared at one of the glory holes.  I don't think she had even noticed the
openings when we went in.  She wouldn't have known what they were for even if
she had.  When she saw the super hard cock aiming at her head, she looked up as
if shocked.  I had to make a decision quickly so I went for it and tightened up
the grip on her thick brown hair and twisted my arm to aim her face directly at
the invading cock.  She only hesitated for a second...then moved forward and
took the anonymous cock in her mouth.  I moaned to let her know of my approval
and then lightened up my grip and massaged the back of her head while she went
down on the stranger.  She sucked for all she was worth and I knew that she
could tell that it was turning me on.  I can't describe how hot it was seeing
her naked...squatting with a strange cock in her mouth.  I only whispered one
thing to her..."swallow"  She did.

After that it was almost as if I had created a monster.  I knew that cocks would
come one after the other...and they did.  With the second one, I leaned down and
told her to let him cum on her face.  She did that too.  While she was sucking
him off, another cock appeared through the other hole.  She couldn't see it
because she was busy going down on the other, so I guided her hand to it.  After
that the word must have gotten out and it was just one after another after
another.  Once I knew we were on the same page, I got bolder and started telling
her what to do.  Within 45 minutes her face was completely soaked with the cum
of at least 15 total strangers and I was completely hard and wanting to cum
myself.  I had her put her skirt and tube top back on so we could go into the
theater...the REAL theater.  I told her she was to leave the cum on her face...I
loved the way she looked like that.  By now she was completely ready to be
fucked.  We walked up to the counter together and I took my time paying the
$7.00 each for our tickets.  The guy behind the counter smirked as he looked at
her cum drenched face and took a long time making change and giving up our
tickets.  As he handed them over all he said was "Have a good time".  We walked
into the theater.

As I remembered, it was small and there were two or three guys giving blow jobs
to other guys at various places.  I had Laurie take her clothes off as soon as
we walked in the door.  Watching her walk in the spots of fresh cum on the
concrete floor in her bare feet just turned me on that much more.  I purposely
seated her in an end seat about 2 feet away from a wall and almost as soon as we
sat down a black guy walked over and stood against the wall with his crotch
inches from her face.  I could see that she was watching him without wanting him
to know.  He started rubbing himself and out of the corner of my eye I could see
that he was huge.  It only took a minute or two before he pulled his cock out
and kept stroking himself.  He inched slowly closer to her as if waiting for a
sign that she didn't approve.  She turned to look at his cock and just smiled
slightly then continued to watch the movie like she didn't know he was there.  I
felt her squeeze my hand tightly, then relax again.  With that, he moved to
where her head was against his thigh and started rubbing the head of his cock up
against her cheek.  She looked at me for approval, but I think my hard cock told
her everything she needed to know.  I never turned my head away from the screen,
but I gave her hand a slight squeeze back.  As in the peep show booth, she
turned her head to meet his cock and started to suck him.  That's when things
got ugly...for her.

After a few minutes a crowd had started to gather around watching.  Laurie was
really horny now and sucking that black cock like there was no tomorrow.  As
with most everything this night, it was a first for her.  She was completely
naked and vulnerable.  I was dressed, but had been rubbing her pussy with my
left hand and could feel her excitement.  All of a sudden he reached down and
grabbed her around her naked waist.  Before any of us knew what was happening,
he hoisted her up over the seat in front of her and started massaging her wet
cunt.  She looked at me concerned, but I could tell she was very into it. 
Within seconds someone had moved in front of her and put his cock in her mouth. 
She was turned on beyond belief...I knew what was going to happen but I kept my
mouth shut because this is what I wanted.  I had been fantasizing about this for
months.

The black guy started rubbing his cock up against her pussy but was rubbing up
and down enough to include her asshole at the same time.  I don't think she
understood where he was going...but at this point it was out of my hands.  I
knew that Laurie had never been ass fucked, but had been secretly hoping to
break her in.  When I could see the the black guy was starting to press against
her anal opening, she started to object, and I found myself putting my hand over
her mouth...stopping her from protesting.  I saw her eyes grow wide as his cock
penetrated her farther and farther.  It got to where I wasn't just covering her
mouth...I was holding her down...assisting in this rape of her virgin ass!  She
looked at me as if begging for mercy and I tightened up my grip on her that much
more.  As much as I wanted to help her, the crowd growing around her was just
turning me on more and more.  I wanted to see her get gang banged like a whore. 
And what's more...I know she wanted it too.

I think the guy knew she was an anal virgin and took his time penetrating her. 
After a few moments, he had the full length of his cock in her ass and started
thrusting with long hard strokes.  He would pull all the way out until his cock
was completely out of her body, then slowly shove the full length back into her. 
It was just too hot, watching her milky white body stretched over the theater
seat while her ass was being stretched to its limits with a dozen onlookers
anxiously stroking their cocks as if waiting for their turn. I knew it was
hurting her but, true to form, every time he thrust it just seemed to make her
hotter.  It actually got scary for me because she was the only female in the
theater and by this time every guy in the place was crowded in a tightening
circle around her.  My fear subsided when I noticed that she was starting to
push herself back to meet his cock.  My sweet little girlfriend was starting to
enjoy being used as a sperm receptacle by a room full of complete strangers!  It
wasn't long before I didn't need to hold her or gag her anymore.  My hand was
soon replaced by another hard cock in her mouth which she willingly...actually
enthusiastically, sucked.  At the rear of the theater was a small platform that
resembled a little "stage".  At some point the rapist withdrew his member and
effortlessly picked her up and carried her to it like a rag doll.  By this time
no one was paying attention to the porno movie that was playing on the screen. 
By the time he bent her over the stage, three more men had walked into the
theater and were already stroking themselves waiting for a turn.  There were now
at least twenty men with raging cocks waiting to fuck my girlfriend.  I finally
just stepped back to watch and enjoy the show.  She seemed to be enjoying it so
I didn't see a need to intervene.  I was enjoying it as much as she.  A guy who
had been using her mouth slipped himself under her so that he could get into her
pussy.  A third quickly replaced him and started fucking her face.  Totally
beside myself, I leaned over to the stranger that was fucking her mouth and
whispered, "She likes it forced!  Be rough with her."  For some reason I didn't
want her to hear me encouraging the action.  He didn't acknowledge me, but
immediately increased his pace and grabbed her hair, forcing his cock down the
back of her throat.  At first I thought this could go on for an hour before
everyone in the place had a chance to cum.  But the longer it went on, more and
more people walked into the theater.  As one guy would cum and leave, two more
would walk in and get into the action.  Laurie must have been fucked by 100 men
that night.  It was the biggest turn on of my life, watching my sweet little
girlfriend turned into a little fucktoy for dozens of men whose names she didn't
even know.  At 3:30am she was drained after 4 hours of constant sex.  She put
her skirt and tank top back on, disappointing at least half a dozen men who were
still waiting for a turn.  We walked back into the bright light of the book
store.  Her face was literally drenched with dried cum and more was dripping
down the back of her legs and the inside of her thighs.  She had been ass fucked
at least 18 times and could have drank a pint of sperm.  When we got back to my
place I fucked her ass again.  I don't think she was even awake.  I didn't care.

That first night was amazing.  It was more than I ever hoped for, but as always,
I wanted more.  I wanted to turn my beautiful innocent girlfriend into a
complete cock slave.  The next night I knew she was sore from the previous
evening's activities...but I didn't care.  What was even better was that I knew
she was completely horny from thinking about last night.  We had talked about it
on and off the entire day.  Without me even asking, she emerged from the bedroom
dressed in a pair of daisy dukes and a completely see through top.  She may has
well have not been wearing a shirt.  She smiled and said "Wanna take a ride to
the fun store?"  I said "Not yet."  I had been hoping she'd ask!  But I had
something in mind.

In the kitchen I found what I was looking for.  A thick permanent black magic
marker.  I pulled her shirt up and in giant letters I wrote across her
stomach..."PLEASE FUCK THIS CUNT" with an arrow pointing to her cunt.  I turned
her around and wrote on her back..."PLEASE FUCK THIS ASS" and again put an arrow
pointing to her ass crack.  To my surprise she looked in the mirror and smiled
and said "Ok, I'm ready!"  She was seriously surprising me! 

For my amusement I stopped at a 7-11 on the way to the store and had her get us
coffee. The art work was clearly visible through the sheer shirt.  She was
already so horny from thinking about what was soon to happen that I think she
would have blown the clerk but was interrupted by customers who kept walking in. 

This time when we got to the book store I told her to go in alone.  I told her
to go to the counter and buy her ticket and ask the guy behind the counter if
she could borrow a dildoe.  I told her to go into the theater, disrobe, and walk
around in full view so everyone could see the messages written on her body.  I
told her to then sit on the stage and immediately start masturbating with the
rubber cock.  We talked for a few minutes because she was afraid to do it
without me there.  I assured her that I would be in shortly after her but that I
really needed her to do this if she was going to learn to be a proper slut for
me.  I reminded her of how much she enjoyed the previous night.  With some
reservation, she agreed and entered the little porn shop alone.

I drove off to get gas and run an errand or two.  By the time I got to the
theater a half hour later, I couldn't believe the scene I was viewing.  The
place was packed!  I learned later that the word of mouth from the night before
had played a large part.  Normally on a busy night there would be five to ten
guys in the theater at any one time.  This night there had to be forty. 
Alright, maybe it wasn't that many, but it was a lot!  Laurie was bent over the
stage with some big overweight guy fucking her up the ass.  The dildoe was
barely visible sticking out of her cunt.  She had a black cock in her mouth and
was fondling two others who were waiting there turn.  She already had several
obvious globs of cum in her hair and on her face and was feverishly working on
the one in her mouth.  What had I created!!!  I think she must have always been
a "closet slut".  She just needed the proper guidance to fulfill her wish.  How
lucky for her that she met me!

I walked over to the scene and just watched for a few minutes.  When she finally
looked up and realized I was there I grabbed one of her erect nipples and pulled
hard.  I kept up the pressure as if trying to rip it right off of her.  She
moaned loudly, fueling the enthusiasm of her assailants.  The guy who was
fucking her face saw this and immediately grabbed her other nipple.  He was much
rougher than I had been and she was in obvious pain.  When she let his cock slip
out of her mouth for a moment to protest, he slapped her hard across the face
and said "You'd better get that mouth back on my cock you fucking whore!"  She
started to say something to me but was slapped again and then the guy grabbed
her hair with both hands and forced her back onto his dick.  I could see a tear
run down her face as she realized this had crossed the line from fantasy fun to
actual rape.  All the while she was being pounded from behind with dozens more
stroking their cocks around her in anticipation.  I felt bad for her, but
watching her bent over with the big letters "PLEASE FUCK THIS ASS" clearly
visible on her back was still turning me on incredibly.  I decided to let it
play out for a few minutes to see how it went.  Not that I could have stopped it
at this point even if I wanted to.  My own hardon betrayed my feelings.  As she
was still going down on the frightening one, the guy fucking her ass finished
with a loud grunt and backed away.  The next guy up didn't immediately enter her
as the others had.  He stood back as if admiring her and put his hand on her
ass, gently running his thumb up and down her ass and pussy.  He experimented
with inserting his thumb in both as if he was trying to make up his mind which
hole to use.  All of a sudden, without warning he stepped back slapped the right
side of her ass as hard as he could with a loud crack.  The force of the blow
actually knocked her forward forcing the guy she was blowing back into the wall. 
Her scream was muffled by the cock in her mouth, but it was a scream of real
pain.  I think several of the spectators even clapped their hands in approval. 
The one she was sucking who had slapped her face must have been really turned on
by the spank because he shot his load almost immediately.  As he wiped the last
of his spurts on her cheek, the stranger behind her gave her another equally
hard slapped followed by several others in rapid succession.  Her mouth
momentarily unused, her screams were loud enough that I was afraid she might be
heard outside the theater in the bookstore part of the place.  I was afraid
someone might call the cops.  Even in the dim light of the theater, her ass was
clearly bright red with the man's hand prints.

Apparently satisfied with his work, he entered her pussy and fucked her really
hard and fast.  The next two hours went like the night before for the most part. 
She was fucked over and over but most of the participants were very horny men
who came quickly and left.

The ride home started quietly.  I was concerned that this experience may have
turned her off to the whole concept.  She looked completely worn out and I knew
her nipples had to be hurting.  I've had a bad habit in the past of pushing for
too much too fast and it has cost me a few potentially great sexual
relationships.

After about 10 minutes she turned and looked at me.  Her super clear complexion
was obscured by the dried cum of a dozen strangers and her hair was matted from
cum and sweat.  She finally said, "I thought the slap in the face was a bit
much, but I kind of liked that whole spanking thing."  I just smiled.  I figured
she'd need a break for a few days...but this wouldn't be our last adventure! 
GOD, I love this girl.

More to come...




Part 2 ( Toilet Taining )

	I had someone send me an e-mail regarding this story and asked what
Laurie looks like and if I had any pictures.  I don't have any pictures (yet). 
We are both normal people with normal lives and children to raise so there would
be an issue in publishing pics.  I will, however, describe her in detail.  As
you may have picked up from Part 1 of this story, she is 5'2" and 100 lbs.  She
has very thick shoulder length brown hair and a very clear complexion.  She has
the kind of smile people pay big $$$ for and big brown eyes.  She also has A cup
breasts and a shaved pussy (since she got together with me).  She is a very
attractive girl by anyone's standards.  She turned 30 6 months ago but still
gets carded in bars and even for cigarettes at times.  She is gorgeous and I'm
very lucky to have her.  So lets continue with my story... I'm anxious to tell
you all what has taken place since the first part!

	After that first adventure...two nights in a row at the bookstore, I
thought it might be a good time to take a break for a while.  After all, I had
taken this girl from 3 lovers in her whole life to probably 203 in the space of
2 days.  As much as she was into it, it had to be something of a mind fuck for
her when she had time to think about it.  And so we went for the next two weeks
reveling in the memory of the bookstore nights and enjoying each other alone.
But as always, my mind never stopped working and I was planning our next step.

	Over the years of our friendship she heard me recount the story several
times of my first lover.  This was a girl I met when I was in the military and
she was only 18 years old (as was I) but she was probably the only true nympho I
had ever met.  She would constantly make suggestions about me peeing on her
after we had sex.  I never followed through.  At the time I was young and the
idea disgusted me.  She should have met me later in life!  In the time since I
had time to think about it and the whole idea of golden showers became a
fascination for me.  Laurie had listened to the story several times and had
never expressed revulsion...it always made me wonder about her interest.

	I hadn't mentioned it to her yet (golden showers I mean), but after the
bookstore nights I had become much bolder in our lovemaking...sometimes pulling
her off the bed completely by her nipples alone and reminding her of the array
of men who had fucked her.  It always turned her on when I talked about it. 
Finally after 2 weeks I couldn't take it anymore and had to follow through. 
Besides, I was ready for something new.

	It was a Friday night and both her child and mine were gone for the
weekend.  We had the whole weekend alone together without the threat of
interruption.  I had her handcuffed to the bed with her ankles bound so that her
legs were kept wide spread.  She was blindfolded, coated in baby oil.  She had
already cum several times thanks to the vibrator and dildoe and was ready for
more.  I had purposely cranked up the air conditioning earlier before we started
so that it was running non-stop and was probably down to 65 degrees when I
stopped to give her a break.  She was one of those people who is always
cold...even when it's 90 degrees outside.  Between the sweat and the oil, she
quickly became cold from the air.  In my condo, the air conditioning ducts are
right over the head portion of the bed so it is always colder there then the
rest of the place.  When she complained about it I just smiled and told her to
hang on for a few minutes.  I went out to the living room to contemplate my next
move.

	I watched TV for about half an hour.  She didn't make a sound.  I think
she was a little afraid of what I might be planning.  When I walked back into
the bedroom she was chained and tied as I left her.  I purposely didn't touch
her, but sat on the edge of the bed and just asked how she was doing.  "I'm
cold!"  She said.  She had gotten over her earlier excitement and was clearly
uncomfortable.  I reached down with a single finger and began to massage her
clit.  The response was immediate.  I explained that I couldn't let her up
because I had already planned to keep her bound for at least four hours and we
were only half way there.  She just nodded as she enjoyed the finger massage.  I
asked if she wanted me to make her warm and she nodded again.  I said, "OK, I'll
be back in a minute." 
	
	I went to the bathroom and tried to take the shower curtain down but it
wasn't cooperating.  I wound up ripping it from it's hooks.  I was horny and
figured I could buy a new one tomorrow.  I went back to Laurie and started
manipulating her to get the curtain underneath her and spread out over the bed. 
She was obviously distraught, as she had no idea what I was doing.  Being
blindfolded always made her uncomfortable but I liked that and it made me feel
more in control.  I ignored her requests for an explanation until the shower
curtain was in place.  Then I started to explain.
	
	"Honey, I know you're cold and I can't let you up for 2 more hours, but
I can warm you up if you like."  She said, "What are you talking about?"  I
said, "I really have to pee, I've been holding off for hours."  She protested at
first and insisted on being let up but I wouldn't relent.  I said, "Look, you've
heard me talk about this over and over and I know you've thought about it...it's
just you and me...so why not give it a try."  She ceased struggling against her
bonds which I interpreted as a sign of submission.  I got on top of her on my
knees with my crotch over her pussy and began to urinate.  As soon as the stream
hit her she began to moan in appreciation.  I hadn't planned on getting her
face, but the obvious approval spurred me on and I was compelled to hose her
down from head to toe with my urine.  You can't imagine the thrill of seeing her
writhing on the bed...it was too much to take.  She was enjoying it immensely. 
I think she was disgusted with herself for enjoying it.  I had been holding it
in for hours and was ready to explode by the time I let loose.  It was one of
those times when it seemed to never end.  My piss spilled off the shower curtain
onto the carpet and when I was hitting her face and hair it was spraying off her
onto the wall behind the head of the bed.  The room would definitely need a
thorough cleaning later.  By the time I was finished she looked like she had
just gotten out of the shower!  I guess in a manner of speaking, she had.
	
	I moved up near the head of the bed with my knees on either side of her
head and told her to suck my cock.  During the course of our new found common
interest I was getting good at verbal abuse and humiliation and was really
beginning to enjoy it.  I kept making her tell me how much she enjoyed being
pissed on and how grateful she was that I was allowing her to clean my cock with
her mouth.  I told her that I would kiss her but she was too much of a
disgusting piss whore and I couldn't touch her while she was covered in piss. 
It was an amazing sight as I looked down...the weight of my knees had caused a
pool of urine to form under her head, soaking her hair that much more.  I found
myself shifting my weight to make sure I soaked her hair thoroughly.  I was
close to exploding and considered cumming on her face, but I wasn't ready yet
and planned on a long evening so I reluctantly pulled my cock from her mouth and
moved off the bed.  The pool of piss shifted back down to where it was mostly
under her ass.  She noticeably shifted on her own to wet herself more with my
urine.  It was hot to watch her getting off on this.
	
	I told her to enjoy herself and I would be back shortly.  I went to my
other bathroom (since the main one no longer had a shower curtain) and showered
quickly.  When I came out I dressed.  She was still on the bed with the curtain
under her in a pool of urine.  As I looked at her I had an idea and went to the
kitchen to retrieve a soup spoon.  When I came back I moved part of the shower
curtain aside to expose a portion of the bed's comforter so I could sit down on
the edge.  I had just showered and didn't want to get it on myself again.  I
took the spoon and dipped it into the pool near her ass and loaded it up with
the fresh pee.  Without objection she accepted the spoon into her mouth and
willing swallowed the first spoonful.  I spoon fed her as much as I could until
I couldn't get a full spoonful anymore. 
	
	By now the room was really cold and the piss was cold too.  I asked her
if she'd like to take a hot shower and she vigorously nodded to indicate that
she did.  I told her that I had one condition.  She had to dress without washing
or touching her face or hair and drive to the store a block from my place and
buy us cigarettes.  When she got back, she would be allowed to shower.  At first
she refused but I told her that refusal meant punishment and she would have to
stay bound until I needed to go again.  After some discussion she agreed and I
released the cuffs on her wrists and untied her legs. 
	
	I laughed to myself as I watched her walk out the door.  I let her dress
normally with jeans and a summer pullover shirt, but there was piss still
dripping from her hair onto her shoulder as she left.  I used the time that she
was gone to put the bedroom back in order and dispose of the soiled curtain.  I
had a raging hardon the whole time as I thought of her walking into the store
with her hair dripping and face still wet with urine.  I wondered if the clerk
would pick up on what it was.  Her humiliation had to be incredible.  She was
turning out to be a wonderful sub and I thought that I was starting to get the
hang of the whole "DOM" thing.  I have so much more in mind for her!
	
	When she got back from the store I restrained her again in a fashion
similar to that of earlier...basically your simple 4 point restraints except
this time she was on her stomach.  I helped her get off again with a vibrator
and then fucked her in the ass.  Afterward, I let her shower and we spent the
balance of the evening watching TV...but as usual, my wheels were spinning
thinking about tomorrow night.
	
	I had something in mind from one of the stories I read on this site.  I
really wanted to go to a public restroom on the Jersey Turnpike and rig
something where I disconnected a drain and had her tied and gagged underneath
the urinals so that everytime someone came in and took a piss it landed straight
on her...preferably into a funnel in her mouth.  Unfortunately there wasn't time
for this tonight so I had to think of an alternative.  We'd have to save that
scenario for later.  Thank God for AOL!
	
	I have to admit that over the years I have spent my share of time on
some of the AOL pervert sites and various chat rooms.  I still have my disk
labeled "AOL version 1.0 for DOS".  So after our start into piss play on Friday,
Laurie was pretty psyched to see what I had in store for this evening.  We only
get every other weekend to play like this, so we have gotten used to making the
most of it.  We had stayed in bed until almost noon on Saturday, but as soon as
I was up and showered I went online and started talking up a "party" to certain
people I knew online.  I talked to around 15 guys during the afternoon, even
though I knew most of the activity online was in the evening.  I asked each of
the guys I talked to about getting in touch with others that they knew.  I had a
screen name of NJGoldenFun ( New Jersey Golden Fun) that I used just for the
purpose of talking about golden showers.  By 5pm I had given my address and
directions to those fifteen and they were told to give it to anyone they
trusted.  The party was to start at 9pm.
	
	At 5pm I left the computer turned on, but left my place for the liquor
store and bought several cases of beer, some liquor and mixers.  I was back home
by 6:30.  Laurie had been cleaning for me.  She is really cool about that even
though she doesn't have to.  By 8 o'clock she was really acting anxious...I
think she was anticipating another trip to the bookstore.  I hadn't told her of
my plans.  We had discussed this in the past weeks and I told her that it would
be my decision when and where the fun took place, and that it would be better if
each new scene were a surprise.  At least it would be better for me.
	
	Finally at about quarter past 8 I took her back to the bedroom.  She was
extremely horny, but seemed a little disappointed that we weren't going out.  I
had her undress and started getting stuff out of the "fun drawer" in the
bedroom.  I took out the duct tape, handcuffs and rope and lay them on the bed. 
I went nuts with the duct tape.  I had already told her that I had a dozen
different ways that I wanted to tie her so she wasn't too surprised.  I had her
bend her knees all the way so her feet were up against her ass and then I taped
them together from the knee to the ankle.  I did the same with her arms so that
her upper arm was taped to her forearm.  At this point she was completely
immobile.  Finally, I took out a new penis gag I had purchased this day and
strapped it onto her face.  Once she was secure I got the magic marker and wrote
across her stomach "URINAL".  On her back I wrote "FUCKTOY".  She had no way to
walk at this point so I picked her up and showed her to herself in the bedroom
mirror.  She had a shocked look on her face like she had no idea what to expect. 
I think it scared her.
	
	I walked her into the bathroom and gently lowered her into the empty
bathtub.  I put a plug in the drain.  She had no idea what was going on so I ran
my hand through her hair and reassured her that she would have fun.  I told her
to relax for a little while.  I told her to wait while I went back to the
computer and finished arranging her party.  It was the first reference she had
heard to a "party", but I think at this point she started to understand.  She
accepted it and rested her head against the cold bottom of the tub with a sigh.
	
	Guests started arriving at about 8:45.  By 9pm there were 6 guys over. 
One even brought his girlfriend.  I went back at 9:15 to check on Laurie...she
was still laying there of course, but she was fine. 
	
	By 9:45 I had 21 guests over who were all enjoying themselves with the
beer and liquor.  My place isn't THAT big so it seemed really crowded.  Everyone
already knew what they were there for so I thought it was about time to offer
the ground rules.  I had taken everyone back to the bathroom to see my handiwork
when they first arrived so they had all already seen her bound and laying in the
empty tub.  I explained that as of 10pm they were welcome to go to the bathroom
and fuck her if they wanted to...ass,  pussy or mouth, but that if anyone had to
piss that she was to be pissed on in the tub.  They could remove her to the
bedroom if they felt it necessary (I had purchased an extra shower curtain that
day for this purpose) but had to put her back when they were finished. 
	
	By 10pm all of the guys were really horny from the anticipation and sex
talk that had been going on.  It was strange because the atmosphere was almost
like that of a cocktail party.  I was wondering how long it would take for
someone to take advantage of the opportunity I had offered.  I didn't have to
wait long.  As soon as the clock on my cable box clicked from 9:59 to 10pm, two
guys who had shown up together quickly headed down the hallway for the bathroom. 
They looked Italian.  A third followed immediately and then a forth. I could
hear them as she was picked up and moved to the bedroom.  I had left a generous
supply of lubricant in both the bathroom and the bedroom.  When I walked into
the bedroom at 10:01 she was on her side and already being fucked in all three
holes and the other guy was stroking his cock as he waited.  I guess the one who
was using her mouth had removed the gag on his own.  The one fucking her ass was
being particularly brutal and I noticed that it didn't look like he had bothered
with the lubricant.  She was being hurt.  I think the quickness of the assault
took her by surprise.  These guys had waited for the 10 o'clock starting time
then just immediately thrown her down and shoved three cocks in her at once. 
She seemed to be handling it though.  Although she was very immobilized, she was
using her neck muscles to try to do a good job of going down on the guy who was
fucking her face.  As usual, she was being a real trooper and was doing ok.
	
	The man in her pussy took the longest to cum.  The original forth had
already finished with her mouth by the time the one fucking her finished with a
very loud moan.  As soon as he had cum one of the others picked her up and took
her back to the tub and dropped her roughly.  She was still a little dazed from
hitting her head as the first started to urinate on her.  He was quickly
followed by two of the others and another who had wandered in from the living
room. 
	
	Surprisingly, no one else bothered to take her to the bedroom again.  A
lot of the guys just wanted to pee on her and not fuck her at all.  Still more
were content to masturbate on her and into the tub while she was laying there. 
It was definitely a learning experience for me.  By midnight she was laying in a
pool of urine about 5 inches deep and her gag had long since disappeared.  I
don't know where it wound up but I never found it.  I checked on her frequently
and was amused to see some of the positions the guys were putting her in who did
want to fuck her.  I only had to intervene once when I heard a scream that was
particularly loud.  I walked into the bathroom and there was a guy in the tub
with her.  I had noticed for hours that he had never gone back to the bathroom
even though he was consuming a lot of the free beer I had available.  He was a
very big and muscular man.  When I walked in he had her face down in the tub
with a grip on her hair and his cock buried in her ass as far as it would go. 
He wasn't pumping though, just holding his cock there and using her hair to pull
her back into him as far as possible.  My concern was that there was so much
piss in the tub that he was literally holding her face under "water".  When I
whistled loudly he looked up and without a word pulled her hair up to free her
face from the liquid.  She looked at me and was visibly relieved.  He then
closed his eyes and pumped a few long hard strokes before giving only a slight
indication that he was shooting his load into her.  Afterward, he just stayed
there with the same firm grip on her hair.  She looked up at me with those big
brown eyes as if she wanted to say something but couldn't.  I learned later that
after he had his orgasm, she was waiting for him to pull out when she felt a
warm feeling filling her inside.  He was pissing inside her ass!!!
	
	By now it was almost 12:30 and I figured she had had enough so I went
back to the living room and announced that the party was ending.  I told
everyone that if they needed to use the bathroom, now was the time.  There were
about 12 people left who went to relieve themselves over the next 15 minutes
before I finally thanked the last guest as he was leaving.  It was suddenly very
quiet in my condo.  I walked back to the bathroom and there was my beautiful
girlfriend, still tightly bound laying in a bathtub full of urine and cum. 
Without saying a word I picked her up and took her to the bedroom.  I left her
on the bed while I went back to the bath and drained it, cleaned it, and started
filling it with a nice hot bubble bath.  While the tub was filling I returned to
her and used a box cutter to gently slice through the duct tape that had bound
her for the last four hours.  She was absolutely soaked with urine and her pussy
was swollen.  She was bleeding slightly from her rectum.  I carried her back to
the bathroom and placed her in the almost full tub then went back to the bedroom
to clean up.
	
	Once again I was worried that I had pushed thing too far.  I finally
went back into the bathroom, which was lit now by a dozen candles.  It was such
a relaxing looking environment in contrast to the violent and bright sex scene
that had been going on there less than an hour earlier.  I climbed into the tub
with her and held her for a while.  After a few minutes she could feel me
getting hard underneath of her.  She turned to face me with the kind of smile
you'd expect from a kid on Christmas morning.  She said, "I can't wait until our
next weekend together!"  I fucked her in the tub and then we relaxed for a while
longer.  The next day was Sunday and it was our day to spend in bed all day
alone.  The thing that was going through my mind was, "How am I going to top
this".
	
	I guess we'll find out in two weeks!  I have some planning to do.

More to come ( I hope! )




Part 3 ( Rape Fantasy )

	After her big "pee party" she had two weeks to recover.  I have to admit
that the golden shower party wasn't as much of a turn on for me as I had thought
it would be.  Although I did enjoy watching her being used and it was a thrill
seeing her lying in that tub full of piss, it's one of those situations that
just isn't the same after you cum.  Do you know what I mean?  I still get turned
on thinking about it when I'm horny...but it's time to move on.  I suppose it's
something of a personality flaw of mine, but I'm always looking for a bigger
thrill than the last.  If she let me have 500 guys gang bang her one night...I'd
probably be wanting 600 the next! 

	Anyway, we spent the next 2 weeks talking about our experiences and our
future together and spending nights together when time and children permitted. 
We had one of those "What's your biggest sex fantasy" conversations that couples
usually get into after a while.  She surprised the hell out of me with a few of
them...but the most intriguing was her fantasy about being raped.  She told me
that years ago when she was 21 and living in her first apartment someone had
broken in one night.  She was wide awake but lay in bed perfectly still. 
Several times during the burglary the man would walk to her bedroom door and
just stand staring at her.  She never moved and eventually he left without
touching her.  He stole a number of her possessions but left her alone.  She
confided in me that in the years since she remembered that she was terrified at
the time, but there was a thrill in being helpless and not knowing what he was
going to do.  She even masturbated to the memory on occasion.  I guess you can
see where I'm going with this...

	We had a few lengthy conversations about her fantasy and I told her that
I could arrange to fulfill it for her.  We outlined a number of safeguards that
would need to be in place.  She wouldn't know when or where it was going to
happen and wouldn't know the assailant.  After a lot of discussion, she agreed. 
My responsibility was to know exactly who he was and to insure her safety.  We
wanted her to be raped...not disfigured or killed.  It also had to happen at a
time when her 2 year old wouldn't be anywhere near.  As usual, I turned to the
AOL forums to find Mr. Right.  I chatted with dozens of men.  It's amazing how
many guys were more than willing to assist.  I narrowed it down to four, which I
met at various times in bars.  I finally settled on a fellow who actually served
time for rape 15 years earlier.  He had since married and had children, owned a
home and held a responsible position.  When we talked, he told me that he had
always been into the BDSM lifestyle and fantasized about rape constantly.  His
wife knew nothing of his criminal past and wasn't into anything more than
ordinary sex.  He said it was a daily struggle not to rape again, but he had too
much to lose.  My coming along was a perfect situation for him to take out his
pent up frustration without the risk of going to prison.  When I showed him
Laurie's picture, I thought he was going to cum in his pants.  "Sit and spin
toy", he said, "I love that!"

	As I had discussed with Laurie, I made sure that he knew that I knew
where he lived and all about his family life.  I told him that the only rules
were that there was to be no disfigurement or permanent harm.  Other than that,
he was free to use her as he wanted.  Too much direction would have taken the
fun out of it.  Part of the thrill was not knowing what he was going to do.

	The bar where Laurie works closes early on Sunday nights.  I'm usually
there with her but not always.  I work a day job and can't always be there to
help.  The plan was put into action without her knowing anything about it.  His
name was Kevin. 

	The following Sunday I stopped into the bar around 5 in the afternoon
and stayed until 7pm.  I told her I had some work to do before Monday morning
and couldn't stick around.  She was wearing a pair of denim shorts and a
pullover top with just thin straps over the shoulder.  I'm going to get creative
here because I wasn't there for anything else.  The following is an account
based on what I heard from her and from him in the week that followed.

NOTE:  Just a word from the author before I continue.  I believe that rape
fantasy is fairly common within our BDSM community but I would caution anyone
reading this to think twice before pursuing it like we did here.  In spite of
all the safe guards I tried to build into this, it was an extremely dangerous
situation and could easily have resulted in Laurie being seriously hurt as you
will see when you read on.  It's a really erotic memory for both of us now...but
in retrospect, it really wasn't worth the risk.  It didn't occur to me until
afterward that if Kevin's relationship with his wife were ever to fall apart, WE
would be the ones who were subject to blackmail.

	The rape...

	Kevin had been fantasizing about this for days leading up to Sunday. 
That in addition to years of frustration from fighting his urges and maintaining
his new family life.  I had made the mistake of telling him more than I should
have about Laurie and I.  I thought I had enough "leverage" to maintain some
level of control over him.  As much as that was true, he wasn't stupid and
realized that no matter what he did, we were in no position to claim rape if he
crossed a line.  The exchange of e-mail and phone calls left us as vulnerable to
social ruin as it did him. 

	He spent the afternoon drinking and planning his attack.  He even
masturbated because he was afraid his excitement would bring the evening to an
end too soon.  At some point during the afternoon he got in touch with a former
prison mate named Ritchie.  He had stayed in touch with Ritchie after his
release and they acted as something as a mini support group for each other. 
Ritchie had done time for aggravated assault at the same time Kevin was serving
his rape sentence.  This whole thing was supposed to be Kevin alone.  At 6'2"
230 he would have no trouble handling Laurie by himself.  Afterward, Kevin swore
up and down that Ritchie had called him out of the blue and it "just came up". 
Personally I think he's full of shit.  I believe he got himself worked up and
drunk, then called Ritchie because he wanted to have his friend share in the
fun.  That way they would each have someone to brag to about it to later

	Laurie called me at 9pm.  I was home thinking about what was going to
happen and wishing I could somehow be there to see it.  It had been a slow day
and she was getting ready to lock up the bar and start cleaning.  I was secretly
hoping that Kevin got there early enough that he wouldn't miss her.  I should
have known better.  Kevin and Ritchie had been sitting in the parking lot since
8:00.  They were drinking and making plans of their own. 

	Laurie gave last call and by 9:20 the building was empty.  She went
around the building locking the doors, then went about the tedious task of
cleaning and setting up for the next shift.  She finished at about 11 o'clock. 
She was happy to be done early and didn't think about it much when she stepped
out the door and pulled it shut behind her.  The parking lot was dark and the
bar sits on a rural highway that rarely sees traffic in the off hours.  She
started her customary "walk around" of the building to test the doors from the
outside.  The building isn't all that big, but there are seven different
entrances.  The night shift always made a habit of walking around the building
to make sure that all the doors were properly locked.

	She walked around the back and went to try one of the doors that wasn't
accessible by the public.  Without warning, Kevin grabbed her from behind by the
back of the neck and shoved her hard up against the door.  He had a knife to her
throat.  He pressed the full weight of his body against her, pinning her between
him and the door.  She was terrified!  "Open the door cunt" , he said in a
whisper.  "No Please!!!  Listen, I..."  He tightened his grip and pressed the
knife harder against her throat.  It was enough to cause a small trickle of
blood.  "I said open the door you fucking cunt!  Make me say it again and you
die right now!"  Laurie was flushed pale white and had started to cry.  The
thought of our fantasy discussion hadn't even entered her mind. She thought this
was a violent robbery.  She fumbled looking for the right key in the darkness. 
As she turned the key in the lock she briefly glanced around to see if there was
anyone to see or help.  There wasn't.

	When the door opened he shoved her roughly through it and slammed the
heavy steel door behind them.  It was pitch black and she could feel him
examining the wall for a light switch.  After a moment all he said was "Where's
the light bitch?".  "Please don't hurt me...there's a cord hanging from the
ceiling light, I'll get it for you".  Her voice was broken as she tried to talk
through the tears.  Again he pressed the knife into her already bleeding neck. 
"You run you die, understand?"  She nodded slightly and he released his grip. 
Laurie made her way to the center of the storage room and pulled the cord which
immediately illuminated the room with the shadowy light of a bare bulb that hung
from the ceiling.  She looked at Kevin who was standing a few feet away from her
with the knife in his hand.  She was startled when she saw Ritchie standing just
behind him.  It was the first time she realized that there was more than one of
them.  For a second she froze, unable to move.  Suddenly she made a run for the
door that led into the bar.  If she made it, she could run through the dark
building to the nearest exit and at least get outside to possible safety.  She
might have made it too, but for the freshly mopped floor.  As she bolted through
the door and hit the wet tile, her feet immediately went out from under her and
she landed on her back with a thud.  It was her last mistake.

	Kevin was right behind her and grabbed her with one hand by the arm
yanking her to her feet.  He smacked her hard across the side of her face, then
spun her around and pushed her face onto the top of the bar with her arm twisted
behind her.  He motioned with his other hand to Ritchie who stepped in and
placed a black gym bag on the bar next to her head.  Laurie was pleading with
them.  She was scared to death and truly felt she was pleading for her life. 
Kevin ignored her as he dug through the bag with his free hand and retrieved a
role of packing tape.  It was the clear strong kind that they use for shipping
packages.  He brought her arms down behind her back and wrapped layer after
layer around her wrists, binding them together.  He then spun her around to face
him with his body uncomfortably pressed up against her forcing her into the bar
behind her.

	"Ok, listen to me cunt.  This is how it's going to be.  You do what we
say and you might live through this.  Fuck with us again or try to run, and
you'll never see that kid of yours again.  Now WHERE'S THE MONEY!".  Her mind
raced.  Laurie isn't stupid and the reference to "that kid of yours" didn't
escape her.  It was the first time the thought crossed her mind that this might
be a scenario I had arranged for her.  At the same time, she knew that I would
never have put her in physical danger and she definitely felt that she was in
danger now.  When she hesitated in thought, Kevin slapped her hard again. 
Really hard!  The tears started again.  "I've already put it in the safe...I
can't get to it...I swear!!!"  Kevin was angry.  "FUCK!".  Kevin looked at
Ritchie.  Robbery had never been part of the plan...they had come up with this
on their own while waiting for her to close.  "Where's your money?"  Laurie
tearfully explained that it was in her purse in her car.  She was regretting
that she had dropped it on the car seat before starting her walk around of the
building.  She was wishing she had something to give them so they would leave.

	He told Ritchie to go and get her purse from the car then to make sure
he locked the door behind him when he came back in.  As Ritchie walked toward
the back door, Kevin turned his attention back to Laurie.  By now she had
stopped crying hysterically and just had a few tears running down her face.  She
was going over and over this in her mind, trying to figure out what exactly was
going on.  Kevin peeled another strip of tape from the role and placed this one
over her mouth.  For the first time he turned his attention to her body and
started to slowly run the knife down her cheek to her neck.  He paused briefly,
then continued down toward her breasts.  Laurie has really small tits, but her
nipples get quite large and were clearly visible through the tight top she was
wearing.  He played with each nipple with the edge of the knife, running the
point of the blade over them gently and enjoying the involuntary response.  She
was starting to wonder where this was going when Ritchie walked back in with her
purse.

	Kevin set the knife down on the bar.  Laurie's hands were well bound and
she wasn't going anywhere.  He took the purse and dumped the contents on the bar
top.  Among the contents were her wallet, keys, coins, makeup and an assortment
of odds and ends.  There were also two tampons.  Kevin dug through the wallet
and retrieved the bills, counting them quickly.  "110 dollars!   THAT'S IT?" 
Laurie shrugged her shoulders.  It had been a slow day.  Kevin shoved the money
into his pocket, then picked up one of the tampons.  "Is that cunt of your
bleeding right now?	"  After brief thought, she nodded in the affirmative
thinking that maybe she could avoid being raped if he thought she was on her
period.  She was still uncertain about whether this was planned or not.

	While her mind raced, Kevin suddenly put his hand around her neck and
grabbed the top of her shirt with one hand and ripped it off in one violent
maneuver.  Laurie's eyes widened and the tears started flowing again.  "That's
Ok whore...since you don't have enough money for us, we can find another way for
you to make it up to us.  I know you wouldn't want us to go through all this
trouble for nothing."  With that he turned her again so that she was facing the
bar and quickly lifted her by the waist.  She was bent over the bar with just
her shorts on and her legs dangling in the air.  "Give me a hand."  Ritchie
quickly moved in and put a hand on her back to hold her in position while Kevin
undid the snap and zipper on her shorts and roughly stripped them from her. 
"Hey look!  Her cunt is bald!"  Ritchie nodded in approval.  He was the less
patient of the two and finally spoke up.  "Lets fuck the bitch...c'mon Kev". 
Kevin shot him a look.  They had discussed a "no names" rule.  "What's the
rush...we have all night!"  Laurie moaned when she heard that.

	Kevin admired her ass, which was being presented so nicely as she was
bent over the bar.  He started to explore her ass opening with a finger.  "Hey
cunt...not a problem that you're on the rag...I think I like this one better
anyway."  With that he shoved a finger into her anus.  She screamed through her
tape gag as the dry finger penetrated her.  Ritchie had noticed the hand lotion
sitting on a counter behind the bar.  Most bartenders keep the stuff handy
because of having to constantly wash glasses.  It tends to dry and crack the
hands so they use it frequently.  "Yo pal..." he tossed the bottle to Kevin who
just said "Great!"  He addressed Laurie..."Hey look bitch, I have everything you
need now!"  With that he spread a generous amount of the lotion on his hand and
immediately rammed three fingers up Laurie's ass.  She screamed again and
wriggled violently to try to escape.  The lotion caused Kevin to loose his grip
and she slipped over the bar onto the floor with a thud.  Ritchie grabbed her
hair and pulled her to her feet.  In spite of her fear and pain, she noticed how
strange it felt to be standing on the sticky floor behind the bar in her bare
feet.  She was feeling slightly less afraid now.  She figured if all they wanted
was sex...she could certainly handle that.  Just as that thought crossed her
mind, Kevin punched her in the stomach causing her to drop to one knee on the
floor.  He then smacked her face knocking her backward then finished with a kick
to her side while she was on the floor.  She couldn't move and just lie there in
pain.  Ritchie started fishing around and found 2 bottles of beer for them. 
"Are we going to fuck the whore or not...I thought that's what she wanted?" 
Kevin was growing annoyed with Ritchie.  "Yeah, you impatient fuck!   That's
what we're going to do."

	Kevin picked her up with one arm around the waist and walked out to the
bar area which was dimly lit by a few neon signs.  Like many bars, the place had
no windows that provided a view from outside.  He pulled the chain to turn the
light on over the pool table and dropped her on top.  She was on her stomach,
hands bound behind her back under the bright light of the pool table.  Kevin's
eyes suddenly lit up.  "Hey Ritchie...come here and bring that lotion...lets
play some slut pool."  By this time Laurie had given up protesting.  She figured
her best bet was to cooperate and wait it out.  Suddenly Kevin smacked her on
the ass and said, "Hey you lying cunt!  Put your ass in the air...up on your
knees!"  She complied.  He roughly stuck both thumbs into her pussy and pulled
her lips apart wide exposing much of her inner pink.  "I don't see no fucking
string sticking out...you lied to us!"  When Laurie didn't react to the comment,
he took a pool que from the wall next to the table and smacked her hard across
the ass.  She couldn't see it because she was face down with her butt in the
air, but he swung like a major league player.  With the first shot she screamed
through her gag and dropped back onto her stomach.  He swung twice more with
equal power...enough to break the stick in half with the third blow.  She had
three giant welts across her ass that would be there for weeks to come.  She was
crying again...this wasn't the fantasy that we had talked about...this was just
plain violent rape.  She was scared.

	All the while I was home hoping she was having fun.  I was a little
worried, but after seeing how she had handled the porn shop and the pee
party...I thought she'd be having a blast.  I was wrong.  Meanwhile Kevin and
Ritchie were drunk, horny and having a ball because they knew they were doing
this with immunity.  As Laurie lie there crying and in pain he leaned down next
to her and whispered "How does it feel knowing your boyfriend arranged this for
you?  I guess the limp dick thought that you needed a good fucking by a couple
of real men!"  At this point it had only been 20 minutes since they grabbed her
at the door.  It probably seemed like hours to her.

	"Ritchie, c'mon, lets teach the cunt some manners!"  Ritchie didn't need
much encouragement.  He grabbed her hair and pulled her so that her whole neck
and head were off the table.  He had already undressed and was rock hard waiting
for his chance.  As her head dropped off the edge of the table he ripped the
tape from her mouth and shoved his cock in to her throat gagging her with the
first thrust.  Kevin seemed content to watch the assault for a moment, almost as
if it were a movie.  He started to rub her clit very gently.  It was the first
gentle thing he had done since he grabbed her at the back door.  Laurie adjusted
herself quickly to Ritchie's rhythm so that she could breath between thrusts. 
Her body betrayed her as she began to respond to the clit massage and moisten. 
Kevin kept a running monologue going the whole time.  "You like this don't you,
you little cunt?  Your boy friend told me all about you, you know.  He even let
me read the story he's writing about how much you like sucking cock at the
bookstore and how much you crave piss."   Laurie was responding to the cock in
her mouth and the rubbing of her pussy but made a mental note to ask about the
"story" thing later.  She hadn't known about this before.  "Oh and I almost
forgot!  He told me how much of an ass whore you are too...You like having your
ass fucked don't you, you little slut!"  She didn't answer and he grabbed her by
one leg and pulled her up off the table and smacked her viciously on the ass
cheek.  "I said...YOU LIKE BEING FUCKED IN THE ASS DON'T YOU WHORE?".  She let
Ritchie's cock slip from her mouth for just a moment and whimpered..."Yes". 
Ritchie smacked her on the side of the face and grabbed her ears to make sure
she didn't let go again.  Kevin was quiet for a moment and seemed to have
disappeared.  Suddenly Laurie felt something slimy beginning to rub up and down
her pussy and ass.  It was the blunt end of the broken pool stick!!  Kevin had
grabbed it from the floor and mercifully greased it with some of the hand
lotion.  She was just starting to think that he must not be too bad since he
lubed it up for her when "BAM!"  He suddenly shoved a full foot of it up her ass
without warning.  She arched her back to try to slide away from it but all that
did was push her face harder into Ritchie's cock.  Kevin worked his new pool
stick dildoe in and out of her ass with long hard strokes.  Each time he drove
it in it was hard enough that it was like he was punching her ass with his fist. 
I guess the image finally got to Kevin (lucky for Laurie) and he couldn't take
it anymore.  He climbed on top of her and began fucking her pussy as hard and
fast as he could.  Ritchie finally drove his cock as far down her throat as he
could and held it there while she frantically kept trying to swallow to avoid
her gag reflex.  The muscles of her throat massaged him like a milking machine
and he soon spilled his sperm deep in her.  It filled her mouth as he started to
stroke in and out again after the initial burst.  This guy must not have been
laid in years because he had one helluva a backup!  She barely noticed the jism
that ran down her face and into her eye because by this time Kevin was in a
frenzy.  He was fucking her with very long hard strokes and Laurie herself was
lost in her forthcoming orgasm.  Kevin had resumed his dialogue when she started
to respond to his thrusts.  "That's it cunt...he was right, you are a fuck
pig...you love this don't you?  Tell me how much you love it...Beg me to rape
you more you fucking pig".  With her mouth now free, Laurie started to respond
verbally and actually meant it.  "Yes...rape me harder...fuck me, make me your
fuck toy...OH MY GOD I'M GOING TO CUM!"  With a final powerful thrust Kevin
emptied his balls deep inside of her.  She told me later that she could feel the
warmth of his sperm as it unloaded.  She had her own powerful orgasm at the same
time that he did. 

	He didn't withdraw right away, but lay on top of her with his cock still
buried in her.  Ritchie was spent and sitting on the edge of the pool table
watching the action.  Kevin had pulled her back up so that her whole body and
head were on the table and was now stroking her hair as if they had just made
love.  She was covered in sweat, bruised and battered but enjoying the
gentleness and still had that nice blissful feeling from her orgasm.  With his
cock still inside her, her pussy would spasm every few seconds as if trying to
milk the last bit of cum from his softening cock.  Finally Kevin withdrew and
stood up.  He looked down at Laurie still laying on the pool table with the pool
que sticking out of her ass.  The slate of the table was cold and she readjusted
herself a bit to get more comfortable.  She was suddenly startled by the sound
of the coin slot on the table being pushed in and the loud noise as the pool
balls came rolling down their little ramp.  "They're not really going to play
pool now are they?" She thought to herself.  Kevin retrieved one of the balls
and looked at it for a moment.  With an evil grin he started to rub it up and
down her slit.  "Oh No, he's not..." she thought.  She felt the pressure
increase until the ball entered her pussy.  Luckily she was still well
lubricated from his semen.  "We can't have you spilling all that perfectly good
cum, can we?"  "We'll just have to plug that hole so you can enjoy it for a
while."  As the ball disappeared inside her Kevin bent down to reach for a
second.  By the time he went for the forth she was getting nervous.  After all,
there were 15 balls in the table.  Kevin became angry when he reached for a
fifth and the forth popped out of her.  "SHIT!  Hey Ritchie, grab that tape for
me."  It only took a few seconds for Ritchie to return with the packing tape. 
Kevin forced in the fifth ball then started roughly wrapping the clear tape
around her as if making a tape diaper.  The tape was extremely strong and the
pool balls were going nowhere.  She was secretly glad that she didn't have to
pee.  Laurie closed her eyes and thought of what a sight she must be with that
pool stick sticking out of her asshole and 5 balls secured inside of her cunt
with the tape.  She didn't open her eyes, but heard the bathroom door open and
close.  She was just starting to think about how this hadn't been so bad when
she heard the bathroom door again.

	Kevin climbed back up on the table and suddenly grabbed both of her
nipples and lifted her so her whole upper body was off the table.  She cried out
in pain.  He twisted them hard, then let go and she dropped.  Her head bounced
off the table.  "What's wrong?" she asked.

	"You fucking bitch!  If you hadn't made us wait so long I wouldn't have
cum so fast!  Now you ruined it!  You just got raped and you're too fucking
stupid to realize it!  Why did you make us wait so long?"  Laurie was shocked at
the sudden violence and stammered a bit.  "But I...I had to clean the...".  SLAP  
Kevin slapped her hard again across her face.  "Shut up cunt, you didn't clean
shit...that men's room is disgusting!"  "Why are you so angry?" Laurie pleaded. 
"This ain't about you having fun you little whore...this is about us having fun. 
I'll tell you what, how about if we help you finish cleaning...Ritchie, get that
door for me."  By now Laurie's lip was bleeding from the last blow.  She wanted
to ask what they were doing but was afraid to say anything.

	She heard Ritchie open the men's room door.  Kevin was genuinely angry. 
He was pissed off that this long time dream of his was ending after not much
more than an hour.  "Let me help you finish cleaning, cunt.  Then you can go
home to your boy friend."  Before Laurie understood what he meant, he had rolled
her over and grabbed a fistful of her hair with his left hand and the stick
protruding from her ass with the other.  He picked her up effortlessly from the
table this way and headed toward the bathroom.  "NO!!!" She cried.  She had
thought this whole thing was over!  She was not wanting this!

	Kevin carried her into the men's room by her hair and the stick buried
in her rectum.  She was light and it didn't take much effort for him.  Once
inside, he aimed her head at the urinal and used the stick to hoist her ass up
above the level of her head.  Her chin was resting on the edge of the urinal as
she was suspended in the air.  The stench was already starting to make her gag. 
"YOU CALL THAT CLEAN YOU STUPID CUNT?"  Laurie looked at the pool of urine mixed
with several cigarette butts and suddenly wished she had been more thorough when
she cleaned earlier.  It wasn't really the bartender's job to clean the
bathrooms...but she was lucid enough to recognize the futility of trying to
explain that to Kevin. 

	I think at this point Kevin had lost sight of the situation.  He wasn't
horny anymore, but his years of anger at women in general was coming out and he
was taking out his frustration with his wife, the rape victim who had sent him
to jail, and any other negative in his life on Laurie.  He shoved her head into
the urinal burying her chin in the small pool of piss in the bottom of it.  He
was screaming at her to drink it and she was screaming in pain.  This was
different from her consensual party two weeks earlier and she knew she would
vomit any second.  Thank God his friend Ritchie had some sense or I don't know
what might have happened.  I was angry when I first found out that Kevin had
deviated from the plan and taken it upon himself to bring a friend, but now I am
grateful that he did.  Ritchie was all for the "rape fantasy" and getting a
piece of ass for himself, but this was scaring him.  Ritchie said something
about Carol ( Kevin's wife ) and suddenly Kevin seemed to snap back to reality. 
He stood there for a second just holding Laurie suspended in the air with his
death grip on the protruding stick and her hair.  Then reality seemed to set
back in on him.  He didn't drop her, but after a moment he gently lay Laurie
down on the men's room floor.  She was crying again. He seemed to realize it for
the first time that evening.  He walked out of the men's room and left her
panting on the floor.  A minute later Kevin returned.  Laurie had a moment of
panic as he leaned down over her.  He rolled her onto her stomach and carefully
used the knife to cut the tape that bound her wrists.  Her arms were free for
the first time since they had walked in.  She didn't move.

	Laurie didn't hear them leave, but after about 5 minutes she picked
herself up from the disgusting floor and freed herself from the tape and the
broken pool stick that was still buried inside her.  The lubricating hand lotion
had dried up and it took her some time to get it out.  She wanted to squat down
to release the pool balls that were inside her snatch but couldn't until the
stick was removed.  She finally freed herself completely.  She walked out to the
bar, which was dark and quiet except for the hum of the air conditioning and the
beer coolers.  On the bar, neatly folded were her clothes (although the shirt
had been ripped in half and her $110 was sitting on top of the pile.  She went
to the ladies room and cleaned herself as best she could, then dressed.  She
looked in the mirror and thought for a second "I can't believe I asked for
this..."  Her hair was a mess from sweat and struggling.  Her face was only
slightly swollen but there was a big bruise on her right cheek and her lip was
bleeding.  He ribs hurt terribly from the earlier kick and her asshole was very
sore.  She had tried to wash somewhat using the sink in the lady's room and had
noted that she had some blood spotting from her rectum.  Her nipples hurt too,
but it was minor compared to everything else.  I had hurt them worse in the past
in our normal sex.  It was ten minutes after midnight.  The entire event had
only lasted just over an hour.  She told me later that the final humiliation was
that she had to clean up for them after they left.  There were several beer
bottles near the pool table and the broken pool stick had to be disposed of. 
She left the bar at 12:25am and went straight to her place.  She wanted to go to
bed but took a moment to sit down at her computer and send a text message to my
cell phone.  I got the message at 12:45

From : Laurie
Subj:
Text:  Slow night but different.  I'm tired.  Talk to you in the morning. Love
you.

	When I got the message I was immediately concerned but figured I had
better give her the night to relax and rest.  I picked up the phone and called
out from work the next day.  I didn't sleep much that night.  I tried calling
Kevin on his cell phone but got his voice mail. 

I was going to end Part 3 of this here but I have a little to add.  This story
isn't meant to be a "public service announcement" but I want to share a little
of the aftermath for anyone who might be contemplating playing out their own
rape fantasy.  If you don't want to hear it, don't read on.  It's just that I
noticed that over 6 thousand people read my Part 1 of this in the first 3 days
it was on the site.  If someone else out there has their own rape fantasy that
they are thinking about playing out...I want them to know the risks and
ramifications.  In Part 2 (Toilet Training), I embellished a little bit to make
the story more interesting to everyone.  Although for the most part it was
accurate.  Part 3 is a very straight forward account of exactly what happened,
as told to me by both Laurie and Kevin.  If you are going to do it, just do it
right and know what you are getting into.

	Laurie and I spent most of the next morning lying in bed together.  I
showed up at her place at about 8:15 in the morning and climbed into her bed.  I
immediately noticed the bruising and swelling.  She woke as I was climbing in
and she immediately wrapped her arms around me and just held me for a long time. 
Eventually as she started to wake up, the conversation turned to the events of
the night before.  She wasn't angry at all, but made the point that the fantasy
had been fulfilled.  In other words...let's not repeat that one, at least not in
the near future.  She had been terrified.  In our previous episodes, I had been
close by.  At the pee party I had even enlisted a "bouncer" in case someone got
out of control.  The scene at the bar provided no such insurance.  By the time
she had showered and dressed at around noon, she was already somewhat
enthusiastically recounting the details of the rape and admitted that talking
about it was a turn on.  I even made a joke about hoping it wasn't my favorite
pool stick and she laughed really hard.  The laughing hurt her ribs.  In the
end, she told me that she was really enjoying her slut training and wanted
nothing more than to become a total whore for me in anyway that I wanted.  She
hoped to serve me for many years to come.  She also wanted to survive it.  She
would need some time to recover from the night before, but assured me that she
would soon be ready for the next step.  We were on an adventure she wanted us to
continue together for a long time.

	I talked to Kevin the next day and several times in the days thereafter. 
He was apologetic and admitted that he had lost control near the end.  He wanted
to talk to Laurie to apologize to her and I had to explain that it wasn't going
to happen.  I wanted to get all the details he remembered from him, but
afterward I told him that we would never speak again.  I pointed out that he had
had his fun but was back to the normal life he had worked so many years to
establish.  He agreed that it was probably for the best if we parted paths.  In
a strange twist I received a $200 gift certificate in the mail from him 2 days
before I finished this part of the story.  It was for one of the best
restaurants in the area.  I'm wondering if I should tell Laurie where it came
from while we're dining.  I'll figure that out later.  I still see Kevin on my
buddy list almost every time I log onto the computer...but we don't exchange
IM's anymore.

	I'm not sure what Part 4 of this story will be yet.  Where do you go
after this?  In spite of our enthusiasm, we are both relatively new to this.  If
anyone has as idea, feel free to e-mail me or send a private message.  Laurie
knows about this story now thanks to Kevin.  I'll let her read any suggestions
that we receive.

More to come...




Part 4 (Humiliation and whipping)

	After the rape fantasy we took it easy for a couple weeks.  All of these
recent adventures were a new experience for both of us.  Everything I wrote
about previously took place in a period of one month.  It was a lot to digest in
a relatively short time.  A lot of it is stuff I have fantasized about for many
years.  I suppose there are others who share my fetish...but the more I care
about a girl, the more of a turn on it is to see her used by other men.  Lucky
for me I finally found a real "soul mate" who was as into it as I was.  But I
was at a loss about where to go after the last event. 

	We talked about different possibilities.  Bestiality came up, but
neither one of us had any interest.  I'd be lying if I said I had never
fantasized about it...but that is one of those areas that I think is best left
to fantasy.  At least for me it is.  She felt the same.  She had fun with the
piss party.  Probably more than I did.  But that was something we decided to
reserve for our own private sessions from time to time.  If it came up in the
course of play with others, she was fine with it.  We just weren't going to look
for it.  So what to do...

	We both agreed that her humiliation was a huge turn on for both of us. 
She confessed that one of the biggest thrills for her at the porno shop was
having to parade around with those messages scrawled on her body.  She also
enjoyed pain and we really hadn't pushed her limits on that yet.  She told me
that other body abuses didn't do much for her, but abuse involving her tits,
pussy and ass made her hot.

	In the couple weeks since I last wrote there was a day that I told her
we were going for a "drive".  She knew that something was up but wasn't sure
what I had in mind.  We drove up and down the Jersey turnpike for hours with her
naked in the passenger seat with the seat fully reclined.  I had her masturbate
the entire time, using a dildoe both vaginally and anally to the delight of
dozens of truck drivers that passed us.  At one point there was a line of trucks
that would pass us one by one, then slow down and wait for us to pass them, then
start the whole cycle over again.  We probably repeated the cycle at least ten
times.  I know that they were all talking to each other on CB radios.  If I had
thought about it ahead of time I would have made sure we had one too so I could
listen in on their conversations.  I'm sure she was being discussed up and down
the east coast that day.  She put on quite a show for them.  One driver was
particularly persistent and stayed next to us for quite some time.  It was
turning me on so I had Laurie point to the shoulder of the road, indicating that
he should pull over.  We got behind him and followed him to the next rest stop
where he pulled in and parked.  Instead of pulling up next to him, I purposely
pulled up about 20 yards away from the truck and had Laurie walk over to it
naked through the parking lot.  She looked so hot walking over.  It was late in
the day but it was still broad daylight.  I could see the glimmer from the left
over lubricant on her ass cheeks.  Her pussy was still completely bald...a
requirement at this point, but one that she willingly complied with.  The driver
had the passenger door open before she was half way to him.  I saw her disappear
inside and sat back content.  I was happy to wait and hear of the details later. 
A brief ten minutes later she reappeared and the truck began to roll away as she
was walking away from it.  When she got close to the car I could see the cum on
her pretty face.  She had a big smile.  I hadn't asked her to do that, but she
knows what I like and had done it on her own.  I guess the guy hadn't had it in
awhile.  He didn't last long with her.  She paused before getting back into the
car to stretch and twist.  She was starting to enjoy this!

	We had a conversation in bed a few days prior where I had "jokingly"
mentioned using a belt on her, to beat her ass with.  We had already well
established that she enjoyed spanking and I wanted to see if we could take it
further.  I was excited when she looked at me with a grin and said, "That would
hurt!"  I said, "Well where's the fun in it if it doesn't?"  She made a couple
of references to that conversation after...but nothing negative.  I just had to
wait until our next free weekend together.  It came last Friday.

	After a nice dinner out and a few drinks together at our favorite bar,
we went to my home and I unceremoniously told her to get naked.  We walked into
the bedroom and she threw herself onto the bed.  I told her to roll over (onto
her stomach).  She turned so she was face down.  I took my time opening the
cabinet that housed our "toys".  She could hear but she wasn't looking.  I
methodically handcuffed one wrist to the I-bolt on the left side of the bed and
then moved to the other and repeated the act there. I then used a rope to secure
her ankles, running the rope underneath the bed.  I went on to tie her knees in
a similar fashion, insuring that she was unable to close her legs.  Finally, I
took all of the pillows and forced them under her stomach to force her ass to
stay up high.

	I began massaging her with generous amounts of baby oil.  I spent a good
20 minutes rubbing her from her neck down to her feet.  At the end I was sitting
on top of her with my hard cock resting in the crevice between her ass cheeks. 
As I rubbed her back I could feel her twitch and arch her back in an attempt to
get me inside of her.  Typically at this point in our play I would have slipped
inside her and felt her shiver with her orgasm.  She had always enjoyed back
rubs but in our new relationship she would absolutely lose herself in pleasure
while tied naked and thickly coated with oil.  I moved for a moment to
reposition myself, so she thought.  Then without warning...WWWWHHHHAAACCCKKKK!!! 
I brought the belt down across the right side of her ass with a crack that
sounded like a gun shot.!  The only warning was the split second wwwhhhooossshhh
right before the impact.  The smooth leather and her oil coated slippery ass had
formed the perfect combination.  The sound of the impact startled me ass much as
it did her.  She screamed out in pain.  Before she had even finished her scream
I had started massaging her back again.  Without a word she let her head settle
back onto the mattress.  I whispered to her that she needed to be whipped if she
was going to be a good slut for me and that I had to give her another before we
could continue with her pleasure.  I reminded her that for her sex is a
combination of pleasure and pain and that only the right combination of both
would truly satisfy her.  As I was talking to her I admired the large red welt
that was rising on the assaulted cheek.  I was surprised at how exactly it
resembled the outline of the belt.  Almost as if I had traced it with a red
marker then colored it in.  The second whack on the other cheek was even harder
than the first.  She moaned with the mixture of pleasure and pain.  The whole
thing was making me harder than a rock.  I really wanted to fuck her ass but I
was determined to make this last and punish her further.  After the second shot
I put the belt down and began to tease her by rubbing the dildoe up and down her
slit.  Normally I would lubricate it but she was already coated with oil and her
cunt was visibly wet with her own juices.  She was trying to push back to accept
the dildoe but the cuffs prevented it.  Instead of letting it slide in, I kept
rubbing her with it and put some pressure against her sphincter and pussy, but
just light enough to not let it enter.  It was driving her insane.  I kept a
running monologue going on as I whispered to her about what a whore she was
becoming.  The talk just fueled her fire and turned her on more and more.  I
told her that since it was her first time with the belt that she would only get
six lashes, but I would let her cum before she took the next four.  After a few
more minutes of talk I slowly slipped the full length of the rubber cock into
her and held it still.  I enjoyed her humiliation as I watched her begin rocking
herself back and forth to fuck herself with it.  I continued telling her what a
slut she looked like, tied up and chained with welts on her ass and begging for
that dildoe like a dog for a bone.  When I felt the first quiver of her orgasm I
started ramming the dildoe into her pussy with force.  I shoved a full eight
inches or more at a time, almost punching her pussy each time the full length
went home.  She responded with the most powerful orgasm I have ever seen her
have.

	After, I sat back and watched her for a moment as she lay panting and
glistening from the oil with the fake cock still fully embedded inside her. 
Just flicking the exposed end of the dildoe with my finger would throw her into
an "aftershock" of pleasure.  Other than the involuntary flinch from the pain,
she barely moved as I delivered the next four blows of the belt to her.  We were
both silent for a few minutes before she began to recover from her pleasure.  I
purposely left the dildoe deep in her.  I wasn't done with her just yet.  I told
her that her ass would be sore for the next few days but every time she felt it
she would remember the sex and would find herself getting turned on at work and
at home.  When she isn't tied up, she has a habit of digging her nails into my
ass and arms and occasionally will bite my chest.  Even as I am writing this I
can see three separate scars on my arm that will be there for some time to come. 
Yet every time I look at them I get aroused thinking about how they got there. 
I wanted it to be the same with the welts on her ass.

	As she recovered I began to rub her shoulders and back again while
straddling her.  My cock was rock hard and sliding up and down through her ass
crack.  Soon she began to push back against me.  I could feel the exposed end of
the dildoe hitting my balls as I ground against her.  It was still buried deep
in her snatch.  I finally started to zero in on her ass hole and explore her
tight opening with the head of my cock.  I was fascinated with watching it
stretch as I would push the head about halfway in then withdraw.  As much as I
was enjoying it, it got to a point where I couldn't take it anymore and I
finally plunged the full length into her with one powerful thrust.  I pounded
into her as hard and fast as I could, pushing her head into the wall in front of
her.  She groaned in pain as I would pull all the way out, then mercilessly
shove it in to the balls again.  Several times I would withdraw and smack her
hard on her ass with my hand.  I could see my hand prints overlapping the welt
that had been left by the belt.  As I felt my climax approaching I reached
around and gripped her nipples forcefully.  In all of our play up until now I
had never been this rough with her tits.  I gripped them with tight fists and
yanked downward and outward as hard as I could.  When I felt and heard her
starting to cum again I exploded inside her.  I used her nipples to pull her
back into me as I tried to shove my cock further up her ass.  It was incredible.

	When we were done, I slowly released her from her restraints.  Her
wrists and ankles were red from straining against the cuffs and ropes.  Her ass
was a bright red mixture of my hand prints and the unmistakable thick welts from
the belt.  Her nipples showed no visible signs of the recent abuse, but she said
that they ached.  We laid there for about an hour talking.  I told her that she
was enjoying all of this entirely too much and that it was time for me to think
of something new to test her limits.  I wanted to do something to her that would
not be pleasant at the time.  We had crossed a line into real pain and both had
enjoyed it.  I wanted to explore that further. 

	At the end of the conversation she giggled slightly as she rubbed my
back with the arm she had around me... "I'm sure you won't have any trouble
thinking of something." She said.  She was right!

More to come...




Part 5  ( Meeting The Master)

	I have to admit that I was getting a little bored with our usual play. 
Laurie had become very adept at taking punishment and enjoyed it as much as I
enjoyed giving it.  The two weeks that we had to wait between each new
experience seemed to fuel her desire.  It was bothering me a little because, as
much as I love her, I wanted those moments to be a little "unpleasant" for her. 
I mean, it takes some of the fun out of beating her ass to ribbons with a belt
if she is totally into it!  I suppose there are those who will read this that
can understand where I'm coming from with that statement.  Anyway, enter "The
Master"...

	In the seven months since we started into this world of pain and
punishment, I had been corresponding more and more with people online from
various chat rooms and web sites.  One of those I was talking with on a daily
basis had an aol screen name of "The Master" (that's a slight deviation from the
actual name, but the Master part was what caught my attention from the start). 
He initially contacted me because of the proximity.  He lived in the town next
to mine.  When we started chatting, it turned out that he lives less than five
minutes away.  We even frequent the same convenience store for cigarettes, milk
etc.  He was literally right around the corner.  He was a good 15 years older
than me, which also made him 30 years older than Laurie.  He lived in a very
affluent neighborhood and professed to have a fully equipped dungeon.  Although
we had never met in person, we chatted online often and had spoken on the phone
a few times.  I recently told him how I was feeling with Laurie.  I mean the
frustration I was feeling over how to push her limits without hurting her.  He
seemed very experienced in the "life" and it was he who pointed out the
obvious...that she LIKED pain and finding limits would require exceeding them,
at least momentarily.  I had discussed every detail of our experimentation with
him and after thoughtful consideration I asked if he would consider training her
for an evening while I watched.  In fairness to him, he never asked.  It was my
idea.  We talked on the phone about having her over and he offered to have me
over first to view his chamber and devices but I thought it would be more fun if
it was a surprise to both of us.  He pointed out that she hadn't been shy about
expressing her feelings about the bar rape and that he would equip her with a
"safe word" in case anything was too much for her too handle.  I agreed.  We
discussed some details but not too much.  As with the rape, I felt that
spontaneity was better. 

	When the night came, I told her we were going out for dinner.  The
Master lived in a home that was about a 2 minute walk from a really fancy
restaurant.  It's the kind of place where you're not allowed in without a coat
and tie.  She wore a black dress that was tight enough to make her small breasts
look larger than they were.  Her hair and makeup were perfect and she looked
absolutely beautiful.  We both knew it was going to be a sexually charged night. 
The start of our free weekends always was.  It was when we were ordering that I
got to spring my first surprise of the evening on her.

	The tuxedo wearing waiter took our orders and asked us for our choice of
salad dressing.  She started to respond and I interrupted, "No honey, I bought
some of your favorite dressing from home.  She gave me a puzzled look.  The
waiter took it in stride and said that that would be perfectly allright.  As he
was walking away I took a small cup from my pocket and placed it on the table
next to her wine.  It was a small plastic cup with a plastic lid on it.  She
said "What's that?"  I just smiled and said, "I whipped up some special dressing
for a special dinner!  I want you to pour that on your salad and eat it when it
gets here."  I had been planning this evening for two weeks and my frequent
conversations with The Master had made me especially horny.  I was masturbating
twice and sometimes three times a day.  I had been saving all of my semen for
this occasion.  I had accumulated a pretty healthy quantity.  While she was
showering before we left my home, I had retrieved it from the refrigerator and
placed it in the cup.  At the last moment, I mixed a small amount of urine with
it.  It had become really thick from the cold and I wanted to thin it out a
little.  She took the lid off the cup and looked and the large gooey fluid. 
"What's the green stuff?"  She asked.  "Parsley flakes!" I told her.  (That's
the kind of sense of humor I have!)  Halfway through her salad she smiled at me. 
"This is actually pretty good!  You should copyright the recipe and market it!" 
We laughed and she finished her salad right down to the last drop of cum
dressing.

	When we left the restaurant the valet pulled the car around.  As soon as
the door was shut and we were alone she looked at me and said "Where we going
now?"  I didn't look at her.  I pulled out of the lot but instead of turning
onto the main road I crossed over directly into The Master's development.  I
could see the puzzled look on her face.  I said, "Your safe word tonight is
red...do you understand?"  She hesitated and said, "uh huh...what have you done
now?"  I just smiled.

	The house was huge and absolutely beautiful.  I opened the car door for
her and walked her up the front steps as if I were taking her to her senior
prom.  When I went to knock on the door it swung open a few inches.  It had not
been closed.  I could see through the narrow opening that the entryway was lit
entirely by candlelight.  I knocked again and the door opened a little further. 
I took Laurie by the hand and stepped inside.  "Master?"  I said with a slightly
raised voice.  I heard Laurie mumble "master???"  When we were fully inside the
door it suddenly slammed shut behind us.  I hadn't seen him before because it
was dark, but there he stood.  He was dressed entirely in black including a
black hood that revealed only his eyes and mouth.  The one obvious feature of
the outfit he wore was that it had no crotch.  His cock and balls were exposed. 
He wasn't hard yet, but the sight of Laurie was definitely eliciting a response. 
Even in his current state, he had a cock that any man would be proud of.  It was
thick and hung quite far.  She gripped my hand tighter.

	He motioned for us to follow him.  He led us through the home to a large
door just off of the kitchen.  We followed him down a flight of steps into a
beautiful finished basement that was also illuminated with candlelight.  Not a
word had been spoken by any of us.  Once downstairs, he walked over to a large
wooden bookcase.  Both Laurie and I were surprised when his slight push slid the
bookcase sideways revealing a small wood door.  In contrast to the rest of the
home, the door was a heavy wooden thing that was rustic in appearance.  He
motioned us over and we followed his direction with some apprehension.  I was
beginning to wonder what I had gotten us into.  I was expecting at least a few
minutes of relaxed conversation and maybe a cocktail before we started into
anything.  This time he took Laurie by the hand and pushed the heavy door open. 
He guided her inside and I followed.  We had to duck to clear the top of the
door's frame.  He pulled the door shut behind us and we stood momentarily in
complete blackness.  I heard the metal latch for the door fall into place as it
slammed shut.

	When the light clicked on I heard Laurie gasp out loud.  The light was
dim.  It was a small bare bulb hanging from the ceiling, but it was enough to
let us take in the sight of the room.  The floor was dirty and concrete.  The
room was cold and there were all manner of devices hanging on the wall.  The
floor had large I-bolts anchored in various placed.  It was too much to take in
at once.  The floor, walls and ceiling had all manner of devices attached. 
There were various contraptions in the room that were obviously for the purpose
of sexual torture.  This was...as the Master had said, a dungeon in the true
sense of the word.
	
	The room was eerily quiet.  In addition to the dirty concrete floor, the
walls were cinderblock and the ceiling was lined with thick wooden beams that
were noticeably equipped with an assortment of hooks, bars and pulleys.  The
Master motioned for me to have a seat in a chair that was against one wall.  He
still held Laurie's hand, as she stood in the center of the room looking nervous
but excited.  When I was seated, he slowly walked around Laurie using his hands
to feel every part of her body.  He reached under her dress to feel her already
moist cunt.  His eyes seemed to light up when his inspection revealed her
absence of pubic hair.  From behind her he reached around with both hands and
began to gently squeeze and pinch her nipples through her dress.  Both the cold
and the excitement had her nipples standing straight out and she couldn't help
let out a moan of pleasure when he slid his hands down through the top of her
dress to continue pinching and squeezing.  Finally, he slowly unzipped the back
of the dress.  At the first tug it dropped to the floor leaving her standing
naked in front of him with only her heals on.  He spent a few more minutes
exploring her with his hands.  By now he was becoming hard himself.  His thickly
veined cock was rising in front of him.  I could see Laurie stealing glances at
it.  She was probably wondering the same thing I was.  Just how big would that
thing be when it was fully erect!  The Master finally seemed satisfied with his
inspection of her and stepped back.  He bent down and placed her hand on his
shoulder for support while he first removed one shoe and then the other.  He
picked up the dress from the floor and folded it.  The clothing was placed on a
table in one corner of the room.  The Master then went to a cabinet and took
some items.  Laurie and I exchanged looks, wondering what he had in mind.  When
he walked back to her in the center of the room we could see that he had a pair
of handcuffs and some rope.  "Pretty mellow", I thought.  We had been into
heavier stuff at home.  He cuffed her wrists together in front of her then
secured one end of the rope to the cuffs.  Next he threw the rope over one of
the ceiling beams and gently pulled until her arms were straight up above her
head and she couldn't quite stand flat footed.  He secured the other end of the
rope to a hook on the wall, being careful to make sure that she was still up on
the balls of her feet.  Satisfied that the knot was secure, he walked over to me
and took his hood off.  He smiled and put his hand out.  "Nice to finally meet
you!"  He said in a very casual and relaxed tone.  "You too", I answered.  There
was a sudden feeling of relief as he took on this much more "normal" persona. 
"You have a very pretty slut there...one of the best I've seen here in a long
time.  She's beautiful.  And such a tiny little body, she can't weigh 100
pounds!  We're going to have fun training her tonight.  Can I get you a drink?" 
I said "Sure".  He took my order and left the room.  When the door closed Laurie
looked at me.  "Comfortable?" She asked in a sarcastic tone.  I laughed and we
exchanged a few words about what to expect.  When he returned he handed me a
glass and sat down in a wooden chair a few feet away from me that was obviously
designed for more than comfort.  I was amazed at how casually he could sit there
and carry on a conversation wearing that outfit with his cock and balls hanging
out the front.  I guess he had practice.  "No hurry, " he said.  "It's only 10
o'clock and we have all night.  I just think we should talk about a few things
first now that you're both here."

	He didn't sound rehearsed, but I could tell he had had this conversation
many times before.  He cleared his throat and faced Laurie.  First dear, you
have a safe word...RED I believe?"  Laurie nodded.  The Master continued, "Ok,
this is how I work.  You may use your safe word at anytime this evening and
everything will immediately stop.  You will be immediately released, dress and
leave this place.  Some people use multiple safe words to tell their master to
slow down etc., but I don't believe in that.  I have been doing this for forty
years and I have found that most pain sluts will allow their limits to be pushed
much further if they know there is no in between.  You can use your word anytime
except when gagged of course, but use it wisely because once you do the party is
over."  She nodded again.  "Now, you are a very lovely girl and I'm sure you
have a lot going for you in your daily life.  While you are here, however, you
are nothing but a filthy slut as far as I'm concerned.  You are a whore who is
here to provide entertainment with your cunt, ass, mouth and tits.  He has told
me that you want to be a good and well trained slut for him and that is what we
are going to work on tonight.  I have been told about your adventures so far. 
We are going to explore all that and much more, understand?"  Laurie meekly
replied "yes".  "Good," he said.  "I am not into punching or overly violent
behavior, but I am very much into inflicting pain and I am quite good at it as
you will soon see.  I am going to do things to you and make you do things that
you may never have thought of, but when it's over you will be a better slut for
it.  I have had many guests here over the years, and virtually all of them ask
to return.  Are we clear on everything?"  "Uh-huh" Laurie answered.  With that
the Master jumped out of his seat and walked quickly to where she was suspended
in the center of the room.  With his right hand he reached out and grabbed a
nipple, pinching and twisting it painfully.  "ARE WE CLEAR ON EVERYTHING?" he
repeated.  "YES YES" Laurie responded.  This time he grabbed both nipples and
pulled up hard on both at the same time, nearly pulling her off her feet.  "From
now on everything out of your filthy whore mouth will start or end with SIR, get
it you stupid cunt?"  Laurie screamed loudly from the pain. "YES SIR...YES SIR,
I UNDERSTAND...PLEASE..."  He released his grip and she dropped back to the
balls of her feet with a moan.  Her nipples ached but the cuffs and rope
prevented her from massaging them.  "Oh and one more thing cunt, feel free to
scream as loud as you like.  It turns me on and these walls are quite
soundproof."  "Let's begin, shall we..."

	"I've been told that your nipples are very sensitive."  The Master began
pulling on both and stretching her entire breast out to where she was only the
rope kept her from moving further forward.  He continued pulling and twisting as
her nipples involuntarily responded.  Her face showed the obvious pleasure she
was feeling from the manipulation.  There were times when I thought Laurie could
cum from nipple play alone.  "You have nice big nipples for such small tits." He
commented.  "They'll be easy to pierce."  Her eyes opened wide at those words as
she snapped back to reality.  "Pierce?" She said.  As fast as it came out of her
mouth she heard the loud crack of the Master's hand on the side of her face. 
She was stunned but before she could react her grabbed both nipples and pulled
her up to her tiptoes.  She screamed but he didn't let up on the pressure. 
"What did you say whore?"  "I mean...pierce sir?"  "That's what I said
slut...but I'm getting ahead of myself.  Let's prepare you a little for later."  
He went back to the cabinet and this time returned with a fairly large butt
plug.  She looked at the device and thought to herself that it didn't look like
it would be too hard to take.  We had done a lot of ass play in the past months
and she was getting use to it.  The Master lubricated the device and then worked
the tip into her rectum.  Once the tip was in he unceremoniously shoved the full
length in and enjoyed the loud grunt of pain that escaped her.  He held it for
just a second as her sphincter closed around the narrow base.  "You should thank
me bitch, that will loosen you up for later."

	He went over to the wall and released the rope that held her hands in
the air.  She was grateful to be able to lower them again but her gratitude
would be short lived.  He led her over to the wooden chair that he had been
sitting in earlier and had her sit.  He took a few moments securing each of her
limbs to the chair to hold her in a seated position.  She squirmed a bit trying
to find a comfortable position.  Her weight against the solid wood chair was
forcing the butt plug in further.  It wasn't really painful, just uncomfortable. 
He reached around to the back of the chair and pulled on something.  It was
another piece of flat wood attached to the chair with hinges.  As he pulled it
all the way around it was against her chest with her breasts protruding through
two holes in the panel.  He secured the unhinged side of the panel to the other
side of the chair with two large thumb screws.  As he started tightening the
screws her breasts were forced further out an her upper body was immobilized. 
She was only a few feet from me.  Once she was prepared, he went back to his bag
of goodies and began laying things out on a small folding type of table that was
next to him.  There were rubber gloves, several packaged surgical needles, two
gold rings, some alcohol and cotton balls.  "Oh one more thing!" He said.  He
went to the cabinet and returned with a ball gag.  "This shouldn't bleed much,
but it is going to hurt.  I'd rather not have you screaming in my face while I'm
working."  Laurie knew this was her last chance to invoke her protection but she
remained silent while the Master positioned the device in her mouth and fastened
the straps around her head.  We both knew plenty of girls with pierced nipples,
how bad could it be.  With the gag in place he began fondling, pulling and
pinching her nipples again.  She was afraid and didn't want to respond but she
couldn't help herself.  Her nipples grew to their fully erect state like little
cocks.  Master reached into his drink and retrieved and ice cube, which he began
running over them.  When he was satisfied, he carefully put on the gloves and
took one of the needles from the table.  He stretched her nipple to its limit
then plunged the first needle through.  Laurie's eyes were closed tightly and I
could see a tear run down the side of her face.  Her body shuddered.  He left
the needle sticking through the nipple and repeated the procedure with the
other.  Laurie groaned at the pain.  He sat back for a moment to admire his
work.  "She needs these nipple rings for some of the games we're going to play
later.  She can remove them when you get home, but after tonight she'll probably
want to keep them."  He reached up with both hands palms up and used one finger
on each side of each needle to slowly start pulling outward.  Her tits and
nipples stretched out to an obscene length.  In spite of the cold, she was
sweating profusely and groaning through her gag from the pain.  "They'll do
nicely.  She'll be able to handle a lot of weight with these."  First one then
the other, he removed the needles and inserted the gold rings, locking them into
place.  He finished by wiping each carefully with alcohol.

	He released her from the wooden contraption and walked her back to the
center of the room holding her roughly by the hair.  "I might want to pierce you
cunt later, if we have time.  We'll see."  As I said, the floor was peppered
with various hooks and bolts that were embedded into the concrete.  I wondered
how much time or money he spent setting the room up.  He had Laurie get on all
fours and spent about the next ten minutes setting up an elaborate concoction of
clamps.  I'll try to describe this so you get a clear picture.  She was on all
fours, resting on her forearms and her knees.  Two thick metal clamps held each
forearm to the floor.  One located at the wrist and the other at the elbow. 
Likewise, her legs were spread wide enough to plainly reveal the end of the
protruding butt plug and exposing the inner pink of her pussy.  Each leg was
held by two clamps.  One was at the ankle and the other just below the knee. 
Under her stomach was a metal bar in the shape of a "T".  A single pole was
anchored to the floor and the top part of the "T" ran across her lower stomach,
pressing back into her lower stomach and hips.  Lastly, a thick and solid metal
collar had been placed around her neck.  It was attached to a smaller pole,
which was attached to the floor.  The collar had a device with stuck out
underneath and supported her chin, holding it so that her face was looking
directly in front of her.  I had never seen anything like this, not even on the
internet.  It was a real work of art.  She was trapped in a "doggie style"
position with virtually no movement permitted.  As he finished setting up the
collar attachment he was kneeling in front of her with his cock right in front
of her face.  He was once again thickening.  I had been hard as a rock for a
while.  His control was impressive.  When he was finished with the collar he
leaned back slightly to admire the total picture.  He took hold of his cock and
started rubbing it across her lips.  She opened her mouth to accept him.  He
seemed in ecstasy as he slowly pushed his full length into her mouth and then
withdrew.  He did this three or four times and his cock seemed to get bigger and
thicker with each stroke.  After four or five long slow strokes he was full
erect and it was quite a sight.  He wasn't that big of a man, but he was really
packing some serious meat.  He had been so completely controlled and composed up
until now, but I could see his eyes glaze over.  He grabbed two handfuls of hair
and began shoving his cock hard and faster down her throat.  I could see his
balls bouncing off of the metal collar that restrained her.  The muscles in his
forearms were straining as he gripped hard enough that I was waiting for the
hair to rip from her head.  I could hear her gagging and was on the verge of
intervening when he suddenly pulled out.  "Not yet whore." He said (panting). 
"You haven't earned my cum yet, but I think we can get some for you."   At that
point I thought he was going to ask me to fuck her.  God knows I was ready to. 
He said, "I'll be right back." And that quickly he disappeared through the
wooden door. 

	With him out of the room I had a sudden pang of guilt and bent down to
look her in the face.  "Are you doing Ok?" I asked.  "My nipples hurt, but you
haven't heard me say the "R" word yet, have you?"  She was being a real trooper
about this.  "I have to pee, I should have gone before we left the restaurant. 
What time is it?"  I looked at my watch.  It was only 11:30pm.  We had a while
to go. 

	When the door opened a moment later I heard the rattle of a chain. 
"What could he possibly have out there that isn't already in here?" I thought. 
My answer came when he ducked back through the door with a very large dog.  I
think it was a Great Dane but I'm not that versed on breeds.  All I know is that
he was large.... probably outweighing Laurie by 30 pounds.  It was shorthaired
and immediately started straining against his leash to get to her.  The Master
struggled a little to get him over to the far wall where he attached the leash
to a large bolt in the wall.  Laurie's current position prevented her from
moving from all but I could see her eyes darting back and forth between the
Master, Me and the dog. 

	The Master walked over and knelt down on one knee in front of her and
spoke.  "Now Laurie," he said in a very soothing tone.  "I want you to think
very hard before you say anything...any word you might later regret.  Just
listen for a moment before you make a decision, you have nothing to lose by
listening."  He stood back up.  "This is my dog Jack, and in a few moments Jack
is going to be licking your pussy and then he is going to fuck you and cum
inside you.  I know that the two of you have talked about this and it wasn't
something you wanted to do...but I also know that you want to be a good and
thoroughly trained slut and this should be an important part of it   With the
type of whore you are, sex should not be about your pleasure but rather what
pleases him.  I'll bet if you ask him to take his clothes off right now you will
see that he is hard just from thinking about this.  You don't want to disappoint
him do you?"  I took the que and stood up, removing first my shirt and then my
pants.  The Master's prediction had been true...my cock was fully erect and
already glistening with precum.  The Master looked at me and then at Laurie. 
"See?  I told you.  You may never do it again, but you should at least try it.   
Jack hasn't had sex with another dog in his entire life, but he has fucked many
many women.  It's something I'm known for within our lifestyle and I have had
men bring their whores here from all over the country to be fucked by Jack.  You
should feel honored,  Do you feel honored Laurie?"  He had a smirk on his face. 
"Yes Sir" was the answer.  Do you have anything you want to say to me before you
meet Jack?  "  "No Sir." Was the only reply.  "Ok then, I'm going to let Jack
lick your ass and pussy.  Just lick though.  If you want him to fuck you, you
are going to have to beg me, understand?"  "Yes sir."  I know Laurie and
recognized her tone.  She was thinking to herself, "Yeah, like that's gonna
happen."

	The Master walked away from her.  I thought he was going to release the
dog but instead he went to his cabinet and retrieved a large bowl and a plastic
spatula.  He walked back to Laurie and began liberally spreading a paste mixture
all over her ass and crotch.  He removed the butt plug mumbling something about
her being loose enough.  I saw him inspect the plug, but Laurie had become use
to giving herself enemas in the afternoon when she knew it was going to be "our
night" together.   The plug was clean.  He coated her thoroughly with the paste
and spent sometime shoving a healthy portion inside of her pussy and forcing
some into her anus as well.  It looked nasty but didn't have any noticeable
smell.  I found out later that it was a treat that the dog particularly liked to
eat, coupled with a fluid used to arouse stud dogs to breed.  All the while the
dog was going frantic struggling against the leash.  The Master looked at me and
saw my concern.  "Relax", he said, "Jack gets more pussy than you and I put
together.  He knows what he's doing."

	With that he replaced the bowl in the cabinet and released the clip that
held the dogs collar to the leash.  The animal bolted past Laurie's head and
immediately buried his snout in her crotch from behind.  He was licking her
frantically.  Her eyes were shut tight and I could see the look of disgust on
her face.  I think it was pure stubbornness that kept her from using her safe
word.  She was disgusted...but it wasn't hurting and she was determined to
"win".  The dog spent a long time licking her ass cheeks until they were cleaned
of the paste and went to work on her crotch.  I was intrigued by the scene.  I
never thought I would get into this but I was fascinated by it.  He was so much
bigger than her and it was a pure animal assault.  He bent his head and began
digging inside her with his tongue.  I saw Laurie clench her fists and start to
bite her lower lip.  These were unmistakable signs of her approaching an orgasm. 
I had seen it many times.  The Master motioned me to join him and we both knelt
in front of her with our cocks inches from her face.  I was stroking myself.  I
heard Laurie start to groan in her ecstasy.    She tried to be quiet at first,
but soon she was moaning loudly.  I could see the dog making every effort to
bury his tongue in her rectum and pussy as he tried to get to the tasty snack
that was buried inside her.  She was losing it.  The Master spoke up. 
"Look...your pretty little slut is becoming a dog whore!"  He taunted her.  "You
like this don't you, you stupid cunt...you like having your ass and cunt eaten
out by a dog don't you?"  "YES" she responded without prompting.  "Yes what?"
whispered the Master.  "YES. I like being a dog whore...OH GOD....I NEED TO
CUM....PPPLLLLEEEZZZZ"  "Please what?" he said in a voice we could barely hear. 
"PLEASE FUCK ME...I NEED IT...PLEASE".  Master continued, "You haven't earned
real cock yet, but if you beg hard enough I'll let Jack fuck you.  I can see
that he is ready."  All the while the animal continued his merciless assault on
her crotch and ass with his tongue.  "OH GOD YES...YES I WANT IT...PLEASE LET
HIM FUCK ME...PUT HIS COCK IN ME...PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!"  It was crazy to
watch.  Laurie was bucking and straining as much as she could within the tight
restraints.  She could barely move but she was using every ounce of effort to
try to raise her ass to present herself to this irate dog.  The Master spoke up
again.  "Normally I would have covered his front paws to prevent him from
scratching you, but I know you'll enjoy it."  "Are you ready for your dog
fucking Laurie?"  "YES PLEASE NOW...I CAN'T TAKE THIS ANYMORE..."  The Master
looked at me smiling and walked around behind Laurie and the dog, who was still
burying his tongue deep in her cunt.  "They always think they're going to hate
it...and they always wind up loving it." He said.  He picked up the dog under
the chest and helped him find his place on top of her.  Jack instinctively
started humping even though he wasn't inside her yet.  "He needs help getting
started sometimes." Was all Master said.  He reached beneath and guided the
dog's cock into Laurie's dripping pussy.  It was something to watch.  Once
inside, the dog pumped as if he were trying to drive his cock through the top of
her head.  There was no mercy.  It was true animal sex.  He knew only one
thing...that he had his cock in a warm cunt and he wanted to fuck it hard until
he came.  Laurie was being pounded hard and the force was causing her hips to
drive into the "T" bar hard enough to leave bruises that would be there two
weeks later.  With every third or forth thrust he would try to regain his grip
on her sides.  His nails continually dug into her skin and left long bleeding
scratches down her side.  The best part was that she was completely loving it. 
In less than two minutes I heard her cry out with pleasure.  I think it was the
hardest I had ever heard her orgasm.  She was talking almost like he was human. 
"OH YESSSSSS   DO IT, FUCK ME...FUCK ME HARDER...DON'T STOP!   AAAAAAhhhhhhh"
She went on and on.  I was surprised at the duration of the assault.  I always
thought animals orgasms came quickly.  I guess no one had told Jack that.  After
he got Laurie off the first time, he continued pumping her for several minutes. 
I don't know how many times she got off.  Laurie always cums hard the first
time, but afterward, she orgasms again with very little effort until she is
completely drained.  By the time jack finished with her, there was a puddle of
sweat on the floor under her and her hair was matted to her head.  She almost
looked like she could fall asleep in her current position.

	After taking the dog back out of the room, the Master returned.  Laurie
was incoherent.  She was embarrassed at her enjoyment of the dog fuck.  She was
exhausted from a dozen orgasms.  She wanted to rest.  It was midnight.  The
Master released her from the metal clamps with practiced speed.  "Why don't we
leave her to rest for a few minutes."  He said to me.  "We have much more to do
tonight.  Let's go upstairs and grab a drink and perhaps a bite to eat."  I
nodded.  "You stay here cunt.  Rest now, the real fun starts in a little while". 
We left Laurie lying on the concrete floor.  She wason her stomach with her legs
spread apart and a small dribble of white dog cum running down the back of her
thigh.

	We sat at the Master's kitchen table having cocktails and nibbling on
cheese and crackers that he had prepared.  He asked how I thought it was going
so far.  I told him how much she always surprised me and how for the three years
that we were just friends I always thought of her as a little "prudish".  He
laughed.  "It's always the quiet ones..." He said shaking his head.  I did
express that I thought we were going to be exploring her pain limits more.  He
dismissed the comment with a wave of his hand.  "It's early.  I plan on going
until three or four in the morning and that's a lot of time when you're the one
in pain." He said.  "I don't want to sound like a know it all, but I've been
doing this for a long time and I've met a lt of sluts like Laurie before.  She
needed to see that extreme pain can be combined with extreme pleasure."  I
listened to what he had to say.  I would have thought she would bail out when
she saw the dog come into the room.  Instead, I saw her have one powerful orgasm
after another.  "You two are new to this, but I'll bet you have been fantasizing
about it for years, haven't you?"  "Yes," I answered.  "for as long as I can
remember."  He smiled back.  "Well you can bet that she has too.  She probably
has fantasies that she's still embarrassed to tell you about.  That's why we're
doing this.  Call it a crash course.  All of her desires would have come out
eventually, but this way she can start enjoying them now...and so can you."  I
asked him if he was going to fuck her.  He said that he was saving it for later. 
He got as much satisfaction from seeing her in pain as he would from the actual
act.  "Are you ready?  I think it's time I start introducing her to some of that
pain we were talking about!"  We freshened our drinks and headed for the
basement.

More to come...




Part 6  (Pain!)

	We walked back into the dungeon to find Laurie sitting in the wooden
chair using cotton balls to clean the wounds left on her sides by the dog.  "Ah
good!" said the Master, "I see you are ready to continue."  Laurie stood up and
both the Master and I immediately noticed an obvious wet spot on the seat she
had just vacated.  It was more dog cum leaking from her.  He grabbed a fistful
of her hair and forced her to her knees.  "Clean up your mess cunt!" He guided
Laurie's head to the chair and had her lick the drops from it.  "Good!" he said
as he released his grip.

	He addressed Laurie.  "We were just upstairs talking about how your
training is coming along.  We are both pleased so far but we need to explore
your tolerance for pain now.  "Uhm, Sir?'  She interrupted, "I really have to
pee."  "Well," he said, "I'm not fond of being interrupted but I understand if
you have to go you have to go.  Would you like to go upstairs and use the
restroom?"  He asked.  "Yes sir, please."  "Well, I'd be happy to let you do
that, but you see retention is a very important part of your training.  There
may be times when you are not permitted to pee without permission and you will
simply have to learn to endure it.  I'm sure you can wait for just a little
while.  Right now I have something else in mind for you, Ok?"  She started to
respond and he cut her off as if she had said nothing.  "Good then, lets
continue."

	He took her by the arm and walked her over to a wall.  He had her stand
against the wall with her arms extended out from her sides and looked for a
moment as if he were an engineer working on a technical problem.  I knew he had
something special in mind because his cock was completely erect.  He walked over
to his cabinet started doing something.  He had his back to us so we couldn't
see what he was up to.  When he turned around he was holding the largest dildoe
I had ever seen.  The best way I can describe it is that it looked like one of
those fists you can buy at the porn shops.  You know, the ones that look like a
human forearm and balled up fist.  This was shaped like a giant lifelike cock,
but it was close to that size.  "Uh...I don't think I can handle that...I mean,
I don't think I can handle that sir.  It's too big.  I..."  "SSShhhhh..." he
walked back over to her and put his finger over her lips to shush her.  "You
don't have to do anything you don't want to do Laurie, you know the magic word." 
He began to lightly massage her cheeks and lips with the head of the huge
object.  His other hand was busy gently tugging at her newly pierced nipples. 
"I'm just afraid I can't take that...sir, I'm a little girl and you've seen how
tight I am."  He smiled.  "That shouldn't worry you sweetheart, it isn't for
your pussy."  I saw Laurie's eyes grow wide but the continuing manipulation of
her nipples was making her excited again.  "I'm going to lubricate both you and
this cock thoroughly, and then we'll work on just getting the head in, Ok?  I
promise I won't put any more in than the head.  You'll be surprised at what you
can handle.  Your body is a wonderful thing.  Look how hard your boyfriend is. 
He wants to see you take it."  There was a moment of silence but the constant
nipple fondling was taking its toll.  "Alright" she finally said.  "I can try if
it'll make the two of you happy."  Master just smiled.  "Damn!" I thought,  "He
was good at this."

	He generously lubricated the dildoe and then had Laurie bend over
something that looked like a doctor's examination table.  He continued teasing
her breasts and nipples and started gently rubbing the gigantic dildoe up and
down the crack of her ass.  He took a good four or five minutes probing her
rectum and slowly inching in a few more centimeters each time, then withdrawing
it again.  Finally with only a slight grown from Laurie, the invader passed
through her muscle and buried itself inside of her.  She was still bent over the
table and he let go and continued just rubbing her back with one hand and
teasing her nipples with the other.  "There, that wasn't so hard, was it?  I
told you I wouldn't put more than just the head in."  The head of the dildoe was
so big that when her sphincter closed around the head it had the same effect as
a butt plug, holding it firmly inside.  "The only one who is going to bury that
cock in your ass is you, if you choose to."  Laurie looked confused.  The Master
led her back to the wall and set about handcuffing her wrists to the wall behind
her.  He left a lot of play in her arms to allow her vertical movement.  I was a
little confused when he placed a thick metal clamp around her waist and attached
each side to the wall.  It wasn't tight enough to even be touching her.  I
wasn't sure if he put it there just for show or what his purpose was.  Next he
took something that looked like a microphone stand from a corner of the room. 
"This is something new for me" He said.  "I've been anxious to try it out."  He
placed the stand between Laurie's legs, up against the wall, then loosened the
telescoping part of the stand.  He fit the top end of the pole into a recessed
portion at the end of the dildoe that was sticking out of Laurie's ass and then
tightened the piece that would hold the pole at the desired length.  Laurie was
sweating.  She couldn't lower herself now without further impaling herself on
the monster cock.  He retrieved another gag from his cabinet.  This one looked
like a big cock pacifier.  It was short, but very thick and equipped with straps
to hold it firmly in place.  She would have to open her mouth as wide as she
could to take it.  Before he placed it on her he stopped for a moment.  "Once
this gag goes on your fate is sealed and you WILL eventually wind up fucking
yourself with the full length of that dildoe.  Is there anything you want to say
to me now?"  Laurie looked into his eyes as if searching for some hint of
compassion.  His expression never changed and there was no way to read him.  She
shifted her glance to me.  I felt guilty standing there with a raging hardon
that told her I was enjoying her torture.  She looked back at the Master and
slowly shook her head "no".  Without further comment the gag was placed in her
mouth and secured around her head with the straps.  Once the gag was in place he
reached out and twisted one of her nipples. "Ok, lets put those rings to some
use..."  I could tell Laurie didn't understand.  I had an idea of where he was
going, but wasn't sure for a few minutes.

	The Master returned to his cabinet and obtained a metal household
bucket, a length of thin chain and a spring loaded type clip, capable of
clipping to something at each end.  He attached one end of the chain to her
right nipple ring, then the other end to her left.  There was a little slack so
the chain kind of sagged between her breasts.  He thought for a moment, then
obtained another thicker piece of chain and some large clippers from the
cabinet.  Laurie was visibly afraid when she saw the clippers.  The Master just
laughed.  When he was done he had attached the thicker chain to the center of
the one that connected her nipples.  The other end of the vertical chain was
attached to the bucket which hung between her legs.  He had used the clippers to
cut the larger chain to just the right length so that the bucket was about a
foot from the floor.  The weight of the chain and bucket was pulling downward on
her nipples.  It was really fascinating to watch this guy work.  This must be
like a full time job for him.  He was certainly into his craft.

	Laurie realized what I already knew when he walked over to the wall and
began uncoiling a garden hose that was connected to a faucet sticking out of the
wall.  He experimented with the faucet until there was only the smallest trickle
of water coming out the end that he was holding.  "Perfect!" He said.  He walked
back to Laurie who was already starting to struggle against her bindings.  She
was making unintelligible sounds through her gag.  Her mouth was very distended
from it.  He looped the end of the hose over a ceiling beam and placed the end
of it inside the bucket.  I walked over to look in the bucket and could see the
water beginning to pool ever so slowly in the bottom.  With the amount of water
coming out of the hose, it would take at least half an hour to fill.  Her plight
was clear.  As the weight of the water in the bucket increased, the pull on her
nipples would as well.  She had enough play in the wrist restraints to lower
herself so that the bucket would be on the floor, but she couldn't do that
without sliding further down the dildoe.  She would have to take the full length
of it and then some to do so.  "We have some time.  Let me show you the rest of
the house."  I took a last look at Laurie before we walked out of the room.  She
looked terrible in contrast to how she had looked at dinner earlier.  I was
getting more and more excited.

	The Master gave me a tour of the house that took about 15 minutes.  It
really was a nice place.  There was an awkward moment when he showed me his
bedroom.  We both were erect and I was naked.  "I'm not gay and I have no bi
tendencies."  He said. "We are both excited because we know what's happening to
your whore downstairs.  Relax and enjoy it.  I'm anxious to see her again
myself."  When we ducked back into the basement dungeon it was a disturbing
sight.  Laurie had squatted another 2 inches down, but her nipples were being
pulled to an horrific level.  Her nipples were being pulled down to where they
were halfway between her chest and her naval.   She was drooling out the sides
of the gag and there was snot running out of her nose from crying.  Tears
streamed down both sides of her face.  The Master saw my concern.  "Take the gag
off her if you want to...she's fine and she's enjoying this.  She's only crying
because she knows she is loving it.  She is embarrassed because of her enjoyment
of the pain.  She is finally understanding what a perverted little whore she is. 
It's always tough on a slut when they first have to come to grips with what a
filthy cunt they are, right Laurie?"  She didn't acknowledge the comment.  I
quickly walked over and unhooked the strap that retained her gag.  I wanted her
to invoke her safe word. "You look like your hurting." I said in a concerned
tone.  "NO...Fuck him, I'm not giving in, just put the gag back in and leave me
alone!" The tears were running down her face.  "NO!"  the Master interrupted. 
Leave the gag out.  I want to hear her yell when that cock tears her asshole. 
"AAAAAAhhhhhhhhhh!" She screamed as she slid another two inches lower.  "Honey,"
I said.  "If you just slide down now the pressure will be off your nipples." She
started to sob.  I could see her legs shaking as she was in a partially squatted
position.  I couldn't even believe that her ass was stretching to accommodate
the width and length of the dildoe.  Both the Master and I stood with our cocks
fully erect watching her.  She didn't seem to be aware.  The bucket was still a
good five or six inches off the floor.  The steady trick of water continued and
the bucket was only one third full.  "Trust me, she'll give in before she rips
her nipples off.  That buck holds four gallons, that's almost thirty pounds of
water."  Finally she let out a blood-curdling scream as she relented and slowly
slid down the huge cock until the bucket lay on the floor.  The entire length
had disappeared inside her along with about an inch of the smaller metal pole
that supported it in place.  "HAH!" The Master exclaimed.  "I knew she'd take
it!  It's always fun breaking in a new toy."    I wasn't sure if he meant Laurie
or the dildoe.  Laurie was still sobbing and her legs were shaking
uncontrollably.  Although the weight of the bucket was no longer pulling on her
tender nipples, she was in a half squatting position with her legs trying to
support her body weight.  To squat further meant impaling herself even further. 
The Master stood looking at her with his hand holding his chin as if in thought. 
"HHHmm, I should have thought of this before.  I'll have to get a longer dildoe
for next time."  He was talking to himself.  "Oh well."  He reached down and
unhooked the clip that held the chain to the bucket of water.  With a groan
Laurie started to straighten herself.  As soon as she started to rise, the thing
that looked like a microphone stand that had been supporting the dildoe
separated from it and she stood with the giant rubber cock buried inside of her. 
The master watched her.  "Huh." He said, "I hadn't figured on this.  Not a
problem."  He quickly released her from the wall and the metal strap that held
her close to it.  With her head down she followed him as he took her by the hand
and led her back to the center of the room.  She stayed motionless as he
retrieved a simple wooden sawhorse from against one of the walls and placed it
in front of her.  As he was positioning her over the sawhorse, he noticed the
puddle on the floor under her previous position.  Toward the end of the ordeal
she had evacuated her bladder on the floor.  "Pity," He said.  "I was hoping to
save that for later."

	Laurie was soon bent over the sawhorse with her hands and ankles cuffed
to I-bolts in the floor.  The Master busied himself with trying to get the
dildoe out of her ass.  After a few moments, he went to the cabinet and returned
with some medical looking instruments.  There were occasional screams from
Laurie as he worked.  Within a minute or two I saw the end of it extracted from
her and was once again amazed at the circumference of it.  I still don't know
how she could take that much.  When he had successfully removed it from her, he
threw it in the sink and returned to her.  "He ran his hand down the back of her
head several times and told her that the worst was over.  "It's all down hill
now honey.  We're going to have a little more fun and then I'll send you home."

	The next thing I knew he was handing me something that looked like a
very heavy fly swatter.  He himself had a leather whip of sorts that resembled
what I would think of as a "cat-o-nine tails".  He nodded at me.  My frustration
over being so turned on from the incredible sights I had witnessed took over and
I delivered a powerful blow to her ass with the object.  She screamed.  It was a
really desperate sound.  "Again!" Said the Master.  I gave her a blow of equal
strength to the other cheek.  Another scream.  He shook his head as if
dissatisfied.  "You need to get it through your head that this cunt likes this. 
You are not doing anything for yourself or for her when you hold back."  He
stepped forward and began whipping her over and over with incredibly powerful
strokes.  She was screaming at the top of her lungs but it just seemed to turn
him on more and more.  After about twenty such strokes he stepped back.  He
motioned to her ass as if inviting me to continue.  Laurie hadn't said anything
other than to scream so I acted on the assumption that she was fine.  A little
embarrassed from the Master's previous criticism, I didn't hold back as I
delivered another twenty strokes to her with all the strength I had.  By the
time we were done her ass was bright red along with a good portion of her upper
thighs.  "Much better!" He said.  "Let's move on."

	When he unhooked her from her restraints she collapsed to the floor.  He
started to pick up the sawhorse, but stopped.  He grabbed a fistful of her hair
and dragged her across the floor onto the puddle of urine she had left near the
wall earlier.  "If you're going to rest you can clean up after yourself at the
same time." He said.  Laurie curled up on the wet floor and closed her eyes. 
The Master put the sawhorse back in its place and then sat down in the wooden
chair.  He started talking about Laurie as if she were not in the room.  "She's
done really well so far.  Don't you think?"  "Like I said, she never ceases to
amaze me." I replied.  Laurie was sitting up and involuntarily started to reach
around to feel her sore anus.  The Master had already started setting up the
same rig he had earlier for the dog.  "The dog again?" I asked.  "No, he's sound
asleep by now.  This is for you and I.  I think she has earned some real man cum
by now.  Haven't you honey?"  You could barely make out the "Yes sir" that was
Laurie's response.  By this time she was hoping that as soon as he came the
night would be over.  In a few moments he was prepared and ordered Laurie back
to the center of the room.  She obediently took her position on all fours as he
clamped her into place.  I could see her visibly wince as the "T" bar touched
the spots where she was bruised from earlier.  This time, however, the restraint
under her chin was elevated another few inches.  Instead of looking straight
forward, her chin was elevated so that she was looking at about a forty-five
degree angle toward the ceiling.  He made her suck his cock again as he had
before.  He taunted her by telling her how she needed to get him hard so he
could fuck her in the ass.  She was doing a good job on him but I could tell she
was just going through the motions.  She was ready to go home.  When he withdrew
from her, he finished by putting a wire gadget in her mouth that held her mouth
wide open.  It must have been some sort of dental device.  I made a mental note
to ask about it later.  It looked like something I would like to have for
myself.  As he moved around behind her he asked.  "Do you have to pee?  You
haven't gone since you got here."  I did.  "Make sure you fill her mouth, then
soak her face and hair as much as you can.  I'll get the rest of her when I'm
done."  As he was speaking he was rubbing the head of his engorged cock up and
down her ass crack.  I stood in front of her as her eyes found mine.  She had a
look of someone who was just totally beaten.  When the Master found his mark, he
thrust forward driving his cock deep into her rectum and shoving her with force
into the T-bar that blocked her from moving forward.  She screamed as best she
could with her mouth pried open.  "Go ahead, piss on the bitch."  Laurie's eyes
were tightly closed in anticipation of the shower.  I had to bend forward in
order to hit my mark with my cock still hard.  I filled her mouth as the Master
pounded her from behind.  I could hear her groan with each thrust as she was
forced forward into the metal bar.  I followed the instructions, covering her
face and soaking her hair with urine.  All the while he continued his powerful
assault from behind.  When I finished pissing he had slowed his strokes to a
long slow pace.  "Jerk yourself off onto her face."  I want her to have
something to look at on your ride home."  As I started stroking myself he
increased his pace back to the hard pounding from earlier.  When I looked back
at Laurie and realized that she had swallowed what was in her mouth it turned me
on even more.  By this time I could no longer contain myself.  In seconds I
exploded on her and was spent within two or three spurts of cum.  I finished by
wiping the balance from my cock onto her forehead.  I squeezed out the last few
drops onto her cheeks.  The Master had grabbed her hair with both hands like a
horse's reigns and was fucking her with as much force as he could muster.  When
he came I thought he was going to break the T-bar.  He moaned loudly and
finished with several forceful thrusts as he held her hair in a death grip. 
Finally, he seemed to get his senses back somewhat and slowly withdrew his
softening member from her.  It was almost 3am.  It was strangely anticlimactic
when he stood and pissed all over her back and ass.  He added a generous portion
to what I had already spilled in her hair.  He took a paper towel and wiped his
cock off then washed his hands before releasing her from the clamps that held
her arms and legs.

	"I think Laurie had a very good night."  He said.  He stood her up and
in less than two minutes had her back into her black dress and heels.  "Can I
clean up?" She asked meekly.  He reached up and she cringed as if she were going
to be struck.  He chuckled.  He took her chin in his hand.  "Can I clean up sir? 
Is that what you meant to say?"  "Yes sir." She answered.  "No, you can't.  I am
done with you for tonight, but I want you to think about the whorish things you
have done on the way home tonight.  Just don't get pulled over on the way home
with all that cum on your face and your hair stinking of piss.  I know a lot of
the local cops around here.  You could be in for a longer night than you have
had already."  As he walked us to the front door it was almost as if he had had
us over for cocktails and conversation.  "It was very nice meeting the two of
you.  I hope we get to meet again."  With that he left us standing on his front
porch and closed the door. 

	The ride home was short.  I opened the glove box and handed her a napkin
to wipe her face.  Instead, she flipped down the visor, which had a mirror and
light on it.  She examined her face briefly.  Her face had cum dripping down it
and her hair was soaked and dripping onto the shoulder pads of her dress.  She
didn't touch it.  When we walked into my apartment she immediately went to the
bedroom, slipped out of her dress and lay down on her usual side of the bed.  I
lay down next to her.  "Do you want to shower?"  I asked.  "Would it bother you
if I didn't?"  She replied.  "I want to think about this for awhile.  That was
quite a night.  I want to remember when I look in the mirror tomorrow morning. 
Please don't think I'm sick.  I just want to wait until tomorrow." 

	"Honey, I love you and I don't think you're sick.  At least no sicker
than I am.  You wait as long as you want."  With that she fell asleep.  I
thought about everything that had happened.  In the dim light I could see the
scratches down her side from the dog and I started replaying the night in my
head.  My cock began to stiffen and I felt guilty in that I could have easily
rolled on top of her and taken her beautiful ass again.  I wanted to but I
didn't.  She eventually rolled onto her stomach, but I could se just the tip of
her right nipple with the gold ring attached.  I secretly hoped that she would
want to keep them.

More to come...




Part 7 (Blackmailed!)

	After our evening with The Master we had lots to talk about and took it
easy for the next two weeks.  We experimented with some new forms of submission. 
One day I took a good half hour giving her a duct tape thong then sent her off
to work with instructions to drink at least a pint of water each hour.  She
wasn't allowed to pee until she returned to me.  I even put my initials across
the seal on the tape in magic marker to make sure she didn't try to remove it
and put it back.  It was an 8-hour shift for her plus a fifteen minute drive
each way.  That was fun.  I had a hardon all day thinking about it and talked to
her on the phone several times.  When she got home she had to pee so badly she
was dancing.  To prolong her discomfort, I cuffed her to the bed before
"unwrapping" her.  I told her she would not be allowed to piss until she had an
orgasm.  Another day we did the same thing but with a dildoe buried inside. 
That was a little rough on her because she has to do a lot of walking.  It was
hard for her to move quickly without her customers noticing her discomfort.  It
was the kind with the fake balls on the end so it chaffed her a little during
the shift.  I really wanted to bury a beer bottle in her cunt and seal her up,
but we had both heard stories of people going to the emergency room for such
things and didn't want to risk it.  Maybe another day.  I'll have to look into
that further.  Oh, incidentally, I felt so bad for her when the Master used that
giant dildoe on her.  Don't you know she had me go to the porno shop a few days
after and buy a toy of comparable size.  We have been using it on a regular
basis since.

	My little Laurie was becoming quite the little slut.  One evening when I
had to work unexpectedly, she showed up at the bar at closing time in full slut
attire with a small tube of KY and promptly asked that I bend her over the pool
table and fuck her in the ass.  I was pleased to oblige.
	
	Ok, my story has to take a little twist here.  We have been having fun
with this for months now.  Laurie has been enjoying the hell out of it...we even
went out about two weeks ago and purchased a whip together.  It was fun
humiliating her when we walked into the porn shop and I made it a point to stop
and loudly ask the clerk if they had a "whip section".  Several of the browsing
customers laughed.  Things kind of turned sour though.  The day after we got the
whip I got an e-mail from The Master.  It had been several weeks since our visit
and it was a pretty lengthy e-mail with an avi file attached.  He thanked me for
bringing her and praised her performance.  He gave a somewhat clinical sounding
explanation of his analysis on her training and how he thought she was capable
of so much more.  The file that was attached was about two minutes long and
included at least five different angles of her experience there.  I was
horrified.  He didn't ask for anything, but just knowing that the whole thing
had been taped was frightening.  I didn't say anything to her about it.
	
	The next day I got a second e-mail that was very brief. 
	
	"Have Laurie here at 8:30 Sunday evening.  Strip her at the door and
have her come downstairs naked.  Make sure she is freshly shaved."
	
	That was it.  I called several times and left messages.  I looked for
him online and couldn't find him.  He finally called three days later on Friday. 
"I have a number of friends coming for a party Sunday.  I need Laurie to help
entertain them." He said.  I started to explain that we had fun, but that we
were into our own thing and looking for new experiences.  He interrupted
quickly.  "Look," He said.  "I'm not going to get into this with you in detail. 
She likes it, I like her and we have talked about all of this in detail over the
months before we met.  She needs more training and I have guests coming that can
help her with that.  We both know she is in the middle of a divorce and a
custody situation so why don't you just have her here at 8:30 Sunday so that we
can further her knowledge.  I don't like unpleasant situations, but I will make
the full video of your last visit very public if I have to."  We argued for a
while but it became obvious that it was pointless.  I had to talk to her.  He
gave me the link to two web sites where he had published part of the video with
her face blocked out so I knew he was serious.  I was cursing myself because I
know that part of our talks in the months before we went to meet him were about
blackmail and how the idea of it was a turn on for me.  It made me wonder if he
hadn't set up that whole visit with this in mind.
	
	I talked to Laurie later that day.  She was surprisingly calm about it. 
She wasn't thrilled about the blackmail part of it, but she was ready for a new
experience and thought it might be fun.  I had reservations.
	
	When Sunday came she showered and gave herself a thorough grooming.  I
was a little worried, but I was excited about the possibilities.  We hadn't done
anything outside of our own bedroom in a month.  When we got to his house it was
dark.  We went to the front door and found it open again.  We walked in and she
stripped off her sweats and stood naked before me.  It was 8:25pm.  I think she
was almost anxious for this.  She had that big glowing smile on her face but I
didn't share her enthusiasm.  I wasn't sure she knew what she might be getting
into.  We went downstairs and I headed for the bookcase to enter the dungeon. 
It was so quiet I wasn't sure there was anyone there.  Could he have forgotten?
	
	When I slid the bookcase to the side my eyes grew wide.  There were at
least 20 people inside.  Most were men wearing all sorts of attire.  Some were
naked, others in street clothes, and a few were wearing leather outfits.  There
were two women I could see, but both were attached to the far wall by handcuffs. 
I felt out of place in my jeans and T-shirt.  Laurie was also surprised by the
crowd.  I smacked her bare ass and we walked through the doorway.  "Here we go
baby." I said as we walked in and I shut the entrance behind me.
	
	I was immediately handed a drink.  He had remembered my preference from
last time.  He ran his hand gently down Laurie's cheek as she stood naked in
between us.  "And you're looking just as beautiful as I remember you.  I see you
kept the nipple rings."  He looked at me and winked.  "They always do." He said. 
"You're going to be the star attraction here tonight honey.  As you can see, two
of my other guests have brought females slaves as well, but I am afraid they are
less than enthusiastic.  Probably into drugs and such.  I expect that's why they
are here.  Not that I allow that here.  I don't.  What I mean is that they
probably only agree to this for certain favors from their Masters.  They will
get their share of attention.  Some guys prefer the thrill of feeling their
victim is unaware and helpless.  They are nothing like you.  It's refreshing to
meet a pretty girl who is into the lifestyle for the sheer fun of it.  I can
promise an evening you won't soon forget.  May I?"   With that he produced a
thick leather collar that he attached to her throat.  I could see all eyes in
the room looking at her.  Even those who were engaged in conversation seemed to
be talking about her.  The collar was secured with a small pad lock and a chain
attached.  He walked her over to the wall near the other girls and secured the
other end of the chain to a large bolt protruding from the wall.
	
	He turned and loudly clapped his hands, causing everyone to become quiet
and turn their attention to us.  The man definitely had a certain "charisma". 
"Attention everyone!  This is Laurie, the one I told all of you about.  She is
offered for your inspection at this time.  The usual rules apply."  With that it
seemed that the entire crowd started to move in our direction.  The Master
placed his hand on my shoulder.  "Let's step over there and talk for a minute. 
You have nothing to fear.  They won't do anything but look until I say it's Ok. 
C'mon".  With that we walked across the room and I watched as the group of men
gathered around Laurie.
	
	"Most of these guys are professional men and fairly prominent in the
local area.  They won't do anything to get themselves in trouble.  I know you
two are fairly new to this, but these guys are pros.  If you let it play out, I
think it will be a great experience and a whole new level for the both of you." 
I watched fascinated as the guys gathering around Laurie began fondling her.  In
every scene we had tried so far, it was a bunch of horny guys with hardons who
couldn't wait to fuck her and cum.  This was completely different.  They were
examining her like you would examine a piece of fruit at the grocery store. 
There were hands all over every inch of her.  Guys were putting fingers into her
ass and cunt and pinching and grabbing her nipples but no one was being rough or
acting like they were in a hurry.  It was kind of funny to watch her.  Laurie is
so "proper" in her day to day life and she can't let that go even in this
environment.  I watched as one guy went to put a finger in her cunt and she
apologized and spread her legs a little wider because he was having a hard time
getting it into her still dry snatch.  One particularly large man grabbed her
left butt cheek then smacked her hard.  I saw the Master give him a look that
set him back, but I also noticed Laurie's reaction (She likes being spanked).  I
could tell that the single whack had started her juices flowing. 
	
	After a good fifteen minutes of this the group started to disperse.  The
Master informed me that the ground rules had been set that no one was to touch
any of the slaves in a sexual way until 10pm.  It was only 9:45.  "Look," he
said, "I'm going to attend to my guests.  In about 15 minutes the fun is going
to start and I can guarantee you that Laurie is going to be abused in ways that
you haven't even thought about yet.  Just enjoy yourself.  When you leave here
in the morning she will either make your swear never to come back...or she will
be asking to come back next week.  I can promise there will be no permanent
damage to her.  You and I have talked in detail about your fantasies and
experiences.  I don't think anything will happen that she doesn't want.  Enjoy
yourself." 
	
	The big guy was standing next to her with a drink in his hand.  Every
once in a while he would reach over and twist her nipple.  She was still smiling
awkwardly.
	
	I felt bad for the other two girls.  They both were slim and looked like
they could be attractive.  But both looked really out of it, like they were
stoned or something.  Laurie was the only woman in the place who was alert and
seemed "into the scene".
	
	When 10pm came nothing happened.  I was surprised.  I was remembering
the whole "golden shower" party where as soon as 10pm rolled around it was like
a "feeding frenzy" of guys shoving their cocks into her.  This was a whole
different group.  These guys were in no hurry.  It was almost 10 minutes past
ten when the first guests walked over to where Laurie was chained to the wall. 
One reached into a cabinet that was near her and retrieved a pair of metal vice
grips.  I watched as he very methodically adjusted the teeth to a short span and
then attached them to her labia.  Within a few minutes her feet were tied a
significant distance apart so that her legs were spread wide.  She had a pair of
vice grips hanging from each of her outer pussy lips which were making them hang
down at some length.  I hadn't known they could stretch like that.  More men had
approached her to watch.  It was strange to see how they handled her.  It was
like she wasn't a person.  They manipulated her as if she were an item on a
store shelf.  Her occasional moans or cries were ignored as if they hadn't heard
them.  Once again there were hands all over her, but less gentle this time.  Her
nipples were being pinched and twisted almost constantly.  One of the men placed
a ball gag in her mouth that strapped around the back of her head to muffle her
cries.  Her position looked really uncomfortable.  She had the thick collar on
which was attached by a chain to the wall.  The length had been shortened so it
didn't allow for much play.  Her feet were spread apart and each tied to bolts
protruding from the floor and her labia were horrifically distended from the
heavy vice grips that hung from each side.  We had never used a gag before and I
noticed that she was drooling down one side of her mouth from it.  All the while
hands were probing her.  I watched as one of the "guests" who was naked reached
roughly behind her and pulled her ass cheeks apart, then used his fingers to
stretch her rectum as he inspected her. 
	
	After a while of this the group seemed to collectively make a decision
and a wooden saw horse was brought into play.  They released Laurie's collar
from the wall but left her legs bound to the floor where they were.  She was
bent over the saw horse and within a minute or two chains had been used to
attach her nipple rings to the base of the object.  The big guy that I mentioned
earlier moved in behind her.  I knew he would be the first.  He didn't seem as
"savvy" as the others and I knew he wanted to take her.  I've always been one to
laugh at stories where these guys always have cocks the size of baseball bats. 
This guy's wasn't either, but it is definitely the biggest one I have ever seen. 
I didn't pull out a tape measurer or anything, but I'm guessing about ten inches
and incredibly thick.  It was a little intimidating.  I was hard watching the
action, but I felt a little inferior by comparison.
	
	He was already fully erect and the cock ring he was wearing only
accentuated his manhood.  I saw Laurie's eyes grow wide and roll back in her
head with pain several times as he tried to force the giant purple staff into
her rectum.  By now she was experienced at relaxing herself to allow penetration
but she was dry and he was simply too big.  After several attempts he got
frustrated and stepped away from her long enough to dip his hand into a large
tub of cooking oil that had been placed on a table for this purpose.  He rubbed
a generous portion on himself and then used his greased up hand to rub her ass. 
He very roughly shoved a lubricated finger into her several times before
repositioning himself behind her.  He used his hand to position the giant member
at her hole and then with one powerful thrust shoved the entire length into her. 
Her scream was loud even through the gag and I could see the tears begin to run
down her cheeks.  It was the first time I had seen him smile since we arrived. 
His first couple of thrusts almost knocked over the saw horse (to which her
nipples were attached).  After that he grabbed her hair with both fists and used
it to steady her.  He was pulling back on her head and the pressure was
stretching her nipples to an extreme.  Two of the men were amusing themselves
with the other women, but other than that all were crowded around Laurie in a
tightening circle.  It was really exciting me to see all those men with hard
cocks gathering around her.  This was the roughest treatment I had seen her take
and I felt a pang of guilt over how much I was getting off seeing her abused
like this.  The man fucking her looked so huge towering over her tiny frame.  He
pounded away at her with a brutality that had all of us in shock.  At one point
I was afraid that one of her nipples might actually tear from the force.  He
seemed as if he didn't even realize there was anyone else in the room.  He
became more and more vocal as he neared his climax.  "You love this don't you,
you dirty little cunt!"  Laurie cried out something that I couldn't make out. 
"What's that?  Fuck you harder?"  He continued the verbal and physical assault
as his rhythm increased. He was making it worse for her now by completely
withdrawing from her with each stroke, then mercilessly shoving himself back
inside with his full length. 
	
	With a final grunt he spewed his generous load of sperm into her.  He
continued slowly sliding in and out for a few minutes as he used her tight but
worn sphincter to milk every last drop of cum from him.  When he finally
withdrew, a thick wad of cum began to run down the back of her right leg. 
Laurie was played out and looked completely exhausted.  He stepped back and gave
her a powerful slap across her ass.  She barely responded except for an
inaudible moan of pain.  Before the rest of the men moved in on her I had a
chance to take in the sight.  She was draped over the saw horse with her nipples
stretched and attached by thin chains to the legs of the object.  Her pussy lips
were severely stretched from the weight of the vice grips.  Tears streamed down
her face and she was drooling out of both sides of her mouth around the gag.  I
remember thinking to myself..."The night is just beginning."
	
	More to come...




Part 8 (The party continues)

	The big man walked around to the Laurie and roughly pulled her head up
by her hair before dragging his softening tool across her cheek to wipe off a
last bit of sperm.  "Be glad you have that gag in your hole whore, or you'd be
cleaning me with your mouth instead of your face."  With that he walked away. 
He must have left because I don't remember seeing him for the rest of the night.

	The group that remained promptly released her from the binds.  Her
nipples and feet were both unbound and for a few minutes she was permitted to
stand naked and engage in conversation as she recovered from the previous
ordeal.  I walked over and gave her a little kiss and asked if she was Ok.  She
rolled her eyes but gave her usual familiar grin and said "I'm ok."  I didn't
say it to her but I found it a huge turn on that she still had a big wad of
sperm across her cheek that she didn't know was there.  It was fun watching her
engage in casual conversation like that.  I know the other guys that were
talking to her saw it.  You really couldn't miss it.  One of several guys who
were talking to her would occasionally reach out and pull a nipple.  After about
the forth time he did it I saw her try to playfully slap his hand away.  With
that a second man grabbed one and twisted it.  Again, and more sincerely she
tried to slap his hand away.  Within a second she was on the floor with a foot
in the middle of her chest.  I started to walk over and felt The Master's hand
on my shoulder.  "Let it go for a minute." He said.  "I haven't heard her say
"no" yet.  Let's see what happens."   The man with her foot on her chest had
already reached down with both hands and was pulling up on both nipples as if
trying to lift her off the floor.  Laurie cried out loudly in pain.  It seemed
almost a conditioned response that to her cries as the cocks of the onlookers
became harder.  I could see their anticipation.  "JUST BECAUSE WE TALKED TO YOU
FOR A MINUTE DID YOU FORGET THAT YOUR JUST A STUPID WHORE HERE TO GET FUCKED BY
US?" He yelled.  She hesitated.  "DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU'RE HERE BECAUSE
YOU'RE A PIECE OF CUNT MEAT???  WE ALL KNOW YOUR STORY HONEY...YOU'RE HERE TO
GET FUCKED AND TO GET HURT, SO KNOCK OFF THE SHIT!!!"   Laurie started sobbing. 
I think she had just remembered the situation and the video problem.  She didn't
have a choice.  He stepped off of her chest and reached down to grab a handful
of hair.  Within a moment he had guided her mouth to his cock and was forcing
himself into her.  She accepted his member and I could see her throat working as
she kept swallowing to avoid gagging on him.  She had become good at controlling
her breathing and expertly waited for him to withdraw enough for her to take a
breath.  One of the other men had begun tying her hands together behind her back
while a third waited his turn by painfully twisting and pulling on her already
sore nipples.  The one fucking her mouth shoved it in over and over occasionally
pausing to feel her throat doing the work.  "Oh my God this is the best cock
sucker I've ever had!" He said at one point.  Laurie continued to please him as
best she could but I could see that the pain from the nipple manipulation was
distracting her from time to time.  When the man finally seemed ready to cum he
drove into her mouth with the full length of his shaft and held it there.  It
was really erotic to watch Laurie's throat working furiously to keep swallowing
as he shot the first wad of his load straight into her stomach.  He had
tightened his grip on her hair and used it to keep her face up against his
crotch.  After his first two spurts of cum he relaxed his grip and allowed her
to suck the remainder of his load from him.  I would have thought she was really
worn out, but watching the way she meticulously cleaned every last drop from him
showed me how much she was enjoying it. 

	Just at the point where I thought she was actually having a good time,
the guy once again tightened his grip on her hair.  I didn't realize what he was
doing at first.  I knew he had already cum and had to be getting soft, but he
still had his cock buried in her mouth and I could see her throat moving even
more rapidly then before.  It wasn't until it started to spill from her mouth
that I realized that her was urinating in her!

	I was grateful that she didn't vomit.  She gagged and wretched for a bit
after, but she didn't lose it.  We had experimented with her drinking piss
before.  One night I made her drink vodka with a urine mixer for the entire
evening.  She wasn't a stranger to it.  We just hadn't done anything like this
before. 

	Over the next hour the group amused themselves by whipping her ass, cunt
and tits while shifting her into a variety of positions.  They were definitely
experienced.  Not one strike drew blood, although there were countless red marks
all across her ass, thighs, pussy and tits giving evidence of the abuse she was
taking.  She had been gagged again for the duration of the beating to muffle her
screams.  Even though there was an occasional stream of tears, one couldn't miss
the visible wetness between her legs whenever she was placed in a position to
expose her.  It was very exciting to watch.
	
	About the time the group was growing bored with the whipping, the Master
had finished preparing a buffet of snacks and drinks for the guests.  Still
attached to the wall by a collar and chain, Laurie got a slight reprieve while
the men wandered over to avail themselves of his hospitality.  I went over to
talk to her and she immediately started fondling my balls.  Even after this
whole ordeal she still looked fantastic...her body coated with sweat and her
breathing heavy.  Her earlier hairstyle had long since given way to her
tribulation.  After a few minutes of small talk she bent down and took me in her
mouth.  It took restraint not to grab her hair and force fuck her face as was
our normal pattern.  I knew the group was only taking a break and that she would
have more to endure.  I felt sorry for her.  Still, she continued until I shot a
full load into her.  I had become very horny watching the action so it didn't
take long.  After, she sat down on the floor to await her fate.
	
	The balance of the evening actually went much easier for her than I
expected.  There was a brief frenzy when the group collectively decided that her
cunt should be pierced.  She screamed in her bonds as the needles were shoved
expertly through her outer lips by the Master.  When it was over there were two
large rings in her pussy, one on each lip.  The men amused themselves after that
by using her mouth and ejaculating on her face and in her hair.  It was late
when we left.  Naturally, she was not permitted to wash for the ride home.  I
had a brief moment of panic when we were pulled over by a policeman during the
quick drive to my place.  As he shined the light in the car he ran it across her
and asked, "What happened to you?"  Without a moments hesitation she came back
with something I never would have thought of.  "We were at a birthday party."
She said.  "We had a cake fight right before we left.  I'm trying to get home to
shower now."  With that the officer checked my paperwork and let us go.  I just
shook my head.
	
	The following week the Master called for her again.  This time I had
done some homework.  It's amazing the volumes of information that are available
about people via the internet and the county courthouse.  It turned out that he
was in the middle of a divorce himself and had a custody situation to deal with. 
In the end, I told him that we might get together again...but it would be our
choice.  Laurie was relieved.




Part 9  (Hooker Fantasy)

	I guess it was just a matter of time before it came up.  I suppose
everyone who jumps into this lifestyle goes through it.  She told me that for
months she could barely think of anything else but sex.  She was horny from the
time she opened her eyes in the morning until she masturbated after going to bed
at night.  One evening after she had put her child to bed we were sitting on her
couch watching television and the movie "Pretty Woman" with Julia Roberts came
on.  We had both seen it before but were too lazy to turn the channel.  Early in
the movie there is a scene showing all the street walkers soliciting customers
in passing cars.  "We haven't tried that yet!" She abruptly blurted out.  My
eyebrows raised as my brain started working and soon the movie was just
background noise to an intriguing conversation.  She told me that it was
something she had fantasized about from time to time over the years, but never
thought she'd have the guts to go through with it.  She now felt that in the
light of our newfound interest that she was ready.  She said the idea of strange
men paying her cash just to use her for sex was a turn on for her.

	Laurie being how she is was ready to throw on a mini skirt and hit the
streets right away.  We talk about it at some length and I persuaded her to
consider something a little less drastic for her own safety.  Also, I pointed
out that her bald pussy, tits and ass were still covered with red welts from a
whipping the night before.  These marks might be misconstrued by a potential
"customer" as something indicating less than perfect health.  She relented and
agreed to wait a week before pursuing this fantasy.  For days we had fantastic
sex as we both fantasized about her on her knees or back as she fucked strangers
for quick cash.  About 5 days after our discussion I placed an ad in the
personals section of our local paper.  In spite of the internet, some people do
still read the paper!

	"Extremely attractive S/W/F 29, 5'2" 100lbs seeking generous men for
discreet encounters.  Your wish is my desire.  No request considered too
extreme.  Box 1417"

	The newspaper personals were once quite popular, but since the internet
took off the number of ads had dwindled to only a handful.  Most were worded
similarly and the meaning was clear.  By the end of the first day she had 12
calls in her voice mailbox from would be customers.  As she sat listening to the
messages with a pad and pen in hand to make notes, I saw her eyes light up at
one in particular.  When she finished she had made a careful note of each caller
and their contact information.  The one which had caught her attention was
circled.  She was beaming when she started excitedly telling me about the
message.  The caller was throwing a bachelor party for his best friend and they
were expecting about 50 guests.  He was looking for someone to "entertain" the
guests for several hours.

	After a very brief conversation, Laurie picked up the phone to call
Larry.  That was the name he had left anyway.  She let me listen on the
extension.  Larry sounded decent enough.  He had rented a large suite in one of
the areas better hotels and wanted one or two girls to be available for use by
any of the guests for several hours.  Once she was comfortable talking to him
the conversation became more explicit.  She described herself in detail.  He was
pleased that her pussy was shaved and that she was comfortable with anal and
group sex.  She was to be there at 7pm four days from now.  She would have the
use of one of the bedrooms until 11pm.  She was so horny that she probably would
have agreed to do it for twenty bucks...so you can imagine her surprise when she
was told that they would be giving her $2000 in advance.  Laurie was beside
herself with excitement.

	The next day she went shopping for, as she called it, her slut attire. 
When the evening arrived, I watched as she prepared herself as if it were her
high school prom.  When she was finished, she stood in front of the full length
mirror inspecting herself.  She wore a micro miniskirt that just barely covered
her ass and snatch., thigh high boots and a sheer lacy half shirt  that exposed
her flat stomach.  The shirt was completely see through and her nipples were
clearly visible to anyone who gave her more than a passing glance.  She hadn't
worn panties.  She simply said "What's the point?"  She had definitely gone
heavier than usual with the makeup and lipstick, but not in a bad way.  She
really looked great.  She was fidgeting in her seat as I drove her to the hotel. 
I playfully reached under her skirt and wasn't surprised to find that she was
absolutely sopping wet.  She giggled.  I began massaging her clit with my right
hand as I drove and brought her to orgasm before we even arrived.

	When we arrived at the hotel and knocked on the door of the penthouse
suite, Larry appeared and ducked into the hallway with us.  He expressed how
please he was with Laurie's appearance and apologized as he explained that the
other girl they had lined up would not be coming after all.  I know Laurie was
secretly happy when she heard that.  He counted out 20 crisp 100 bills and
placed them in my hand.  Laurie kissed me quickly so as not to smear her
lipstick.  "I'll meet you downstairs at eleven." She said.  With that she winked
and Larry put his hand on her ass as he guided her through the door and into the
crowded room.  From outside I could hear the cheers as Larry announced her
purpose to the crowd.

	At 11:05 Laurie emerged from the hotel exit as I sat waiting in the car. 
She looked surprisingly good and excitedly recounted the evening's events.  When
she first arrived the guests had been somewhat timid.  It was almost half an
hour before one of them finally whispered to her that he would like to see her
in private.  She took him to the bedroom where he asked for a blowjob.  Laurie
willingly dropped to her knees and took his cock into her mouth.  He was so
excited that he shot his load almost immediately, missing her mouth and
depositing a large stain on her new blouse.  She said the next few were
similarly shy but as the evening progressed and the alcohol flowed, they became
more aggressive.  By the time it was over she had serviced all but a handful of
the 50+ guests at the party.  At one point she remembered being triple
penetrated by several groups of men at the same time.  As one would finish with
her cunt, ass or mouth another would take his place.  They had early on
discovered her reaction to nipple pain and had abused them thoroughly throughout
the night.  She had given her cell phone number to no less than 10 of her
abusers who were interested in meeting again.  She had also earned over $700
more in "tips" from satisfied customers.  When we got home I opened the car door
for her and laughed as she stepped out.  She looked puzzled so I simply pointed
to the car seat.  She had left a huge puddle of semen where she had been
sitting.  "Let's get you inside so I can clean that before it settles."  After a
light whipping and ass fucking we settled down to sleep.

	By now Laurie had collected over 90 phone numbers from her ad and had
spoken to many of them.  The next night she dressed slightly more conservatively
than the night before and traveled to another local hotel.  She sat in the bar
alone and over the next few hours made $1200 servicing 5 different businessmen. 
She was completely hooked. By Monday morning she had quit her job and lined up
several "dates" each day for the next week.  She was charging $250 for straight
sex and up to $1000 for men who had "special" requests.  She would be bringing
home upwards from $7000 per week and having a good time doing it.  A week and a
half later I had quit as well and we purchased a small listening device so that
I could monitor her safety as she met her customers.  Within a few weeks she was
only seeing "regulars" for repeat dates. 

	It was amazing when I sat back to think about it.  Eight months ago when
we started seeing each other I was her third lover.  Now she was a full time
whore getting fucked five times a day, making a ton of money and loving every
minute of it.  And when she wasn't fucking for money she was being beaten and
fucked for fun.  We have an outing planned to the porn shop this Friday night. 
She is considering trying to get into making porno movies and wants to look at
the video tapes to see the names of the production companies before we venture
into the theater for another "fuck-a-thon".  I'm sure she'll do well at it!

	One evening after a lengthy B&D session with a man she had met several
times he walked her out to the car where I was waiting.  "See you same time next
week?" He asked.  "Sure thing John."  He looked at me and winked as he gave her
a final "fair well slap" on the ass.  "You trained her well pal."  Laurie
smiled. 

He was right.  I really did train her well!

The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MrJerseyGuy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





