BDSM Library - Momentum




Momentum
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sadomasochistic widower marries young beautiful submissive for a lifetime of punishment training.
This is a work of erotic fiction.  Sexually explicit for mature adults only.

MOMENTUM


Jon had buried his cancer-ridden wife nine months ago and the grieving process
had finally run its course. The respected fifty four year old self-employed
consultant with four grown children was ready to start a new life.  He had
conducted himself as a paragon of midwestern values and morals: faithful husband
and father, civic volunteer, church leader, former Boy Scout leader, etc.  He
had had a healthy and monogamous sex life with his wife albeit "vanilla and
normal".  No one would ever have guessed that Mr. Jon Gault was a sexual
sociopath with sadomasochistic predilections.  He had kept that well hidden from
family and friends, the only manifestations being his fantasies and potpourri of
explicit pornography.  With his wife dead and children gone he was now free and
he planned to indulge his depraved compulsions to the fullest.


Jon married 19-year-old Nicole Alverez almost exactly eighteen months after his
wife's passing.  What a firestorm that created among his family and peers. What
the hell did he think he was doing?  His youngest child was that age.  Well, Jon
didn't give a damn what anybody thought.  He was man in his prime and he had
found some USDA Prime Grade Pussy.  They had met at The First Baptist Church at
a social potluck.  Nicole was the youngest daughter of Jose and Anna Alverez. 
Her parents were only a couple of years older than Jon. Jose, a down-to-earth
Teamster, and Anna, his very handsome Swedish wife were conservative Baptists
that firmly believed in the doctrine of Original Sin and the regular
administration of corporal punishment for their five daughters to keep the
Devil's influence at bay.  Nicole's oldest sister had gotten "in trouble"
several years ago and, by God, Jose wasn't taking any chances after that family
fiasco.  Weekly ministrations of the family heirloom razor-strop on his
daughters tender bare buttocks was indeed an effective tool.  Nicole had tasted
the dreaded instrument every Sunday evening since she was 14 years old.  Sweet
Nicole was culturally and religiously conditioned to the supremacy of the male
in the family unit and her duty of submission to their dictates.  Undeniably she
was conditioned to her father's strop, a strop that had tanned her nether
cheeks, oh about 250 sessions of twenty, meaning the leather had burned into her
beautiful ass flesh approximately 5000 times! The significance should not be
understated, particularly when her father had partaken of a few shots of tequila
immediately prior to the Sunday beatings.  He would tend to get a little too
enthusiastic about things and his wife Anna would have to step in. Good for
Nicole but not for Anna as she would later on, in the marital bedroom, herself
feel the unbridled wrath of the leather strop, a strop that would, relentlessly,
land on other anatomical areas other than the buttocks.


Nicole had fallen in love with Jon almost immediately. A very mature, if naive,
young lady she had little tolerance for her male peers.  She perceived them, at
best, as not worthy of a moment of her time. They were, in her mind, underage
Mexican twerps: young, dumb and tattooed thugs.  Jon was attentive and kind,
good looking and wealthy. It was a meal ticket out of the Alverez house although
she loved her parents and perceived the corporal element as normal; the virgin
19 year old yearned for the love, companionship and authority of Jon.  Little
did she know...

Nicole Alverez-sweet, innocent, submissive and beautiful.  Not in the classical
sense mind you.  Her diminutive height of 5' 2", 115lbs,  was a tiny bit out of
proportion to her 36D breasts and slightly over ample buttocks.  Her flawless
olive colored skin was a sight to behold. Facially, she looked like Angelina
Jolies' twin sister.  She was so proud of her sensitive breasts, the large
creamy mammaries were like overripe melons, standing firm and high on her chest,
large dark areoles dotted with tiny crinkly sweat glands and the nipples, also
dark, almost as thick as a tootsie roll and, in an unaroused state, over an inch
long.

She would  learn soon enough of Jon's compulsive obsession with breasts,
specifically hers, and his particular fetish with respect to administering
obscene and depraved attention thereto. Nicole's tiny 23" waist flared into 36"
hips and the baby smooth butt cheeks were a titillating sight to behold. The
countless razor-strop whippings by her father seemed to have merely kept and
sustained their jiggling firmness.  Jon fully intended to maintain that
particular regimen and, as a matter of fact, raise the punishment on those ass
globes to an entirely new threshold.
   









After the large gala wedding and Caribbean cruise honeymoon, Jon and Nicole were
spending the first night in their large and luxurious modernistic-designed dream
home.

"Come here Nicole."
"See what your father gave me?"
John showed Nicole "Old Yeller", the ancient but well-oiled and supple family
heirloom razor-strop.
"Yes Jon, he told me."
"I love you Nicole and I think family traditions are important to carry on. 
Don't you?"
"Yes, Jon."
"Nicole, please go into our bedroom, disrobe entirely, spread out on your
stomach with a pillow under your hips, with your legs spread as wide as you
can."
"Yes Jon."

Moments later when Jon walked into the bedroom, he became rock-hard immediately.
His obedient wife had done exactly as requested. Ample, almost but not fat,
flawless olive colored ass spheres joined by the smooth toned shapely thighs
jutting out in front of him.  The legs were indeed spread wide, the fat pink
cuntal labia major peeking out thru the dark thick beaver bush.  Dangling in
Jon's right hand, the thick heavy wide supple strop.

"Nicole, we are now husband and wife.  It is your duty before god to submit to
your husband's authority and rule."
"Yes Jon."
"This will be your first Punishment Session."
"Yes Jon."
"It will be unimaginably painful."
"Yes Jon"
"If you move, you will submit to a Groove Spanking with the rubber doggy whip."
"Yes Jon."
"You are permitted to scream and cry during the Punishment Session."
"Yes Jon."

Jon could actually feel the precum involuntarily emitting from his cock slit.
God, this is heaven he thought. What more could I ask for? Nothing. He was the
Pain Master and he literally owned Nicole, controlled her mind.  She would
submit to his every depravity. Notwithstanding the sadistic monster that he was,
Jon would take every measure to inflict maximum pain on Nicole to satiate his
lust but he would nevertheless take all measures never to permanently mark or
scar or damage Nicole in any way whatsoever. That was his own internal governor;
a line he would never cross.  That still allowed him incredible latitude in
fulfilling his deviant fantasies. He giggled to himself.

"Prepare yourself, my love."
"Yes Jon."

A time like this made all the effort he put in at the gym pumping iron worth it. 
He drew back the strop and brought it down with maximum intensity   forward and
horizontally across the very center of her voluptuous ass globes. The strop
penetrated and indented Nicole's buttock flesh leaving a wide white stripe that
turned vivid red and then a raised purple welt.. A second passed and then Nicole
screamed liked a banshee. Jon would wait 2 minutes for the next one so Nicole
could absorb, feel and appreciate all the pain.  He waited the requisite time
and then expertly laid the next one precisely below the first one. Same results
and response.  The next one precisely above the first assault. Ditto.
That was three.  Waiting. She was screaming, out of her mind.  Now the fourth
low where Nicole's ass puppy flesh meets thigh meat. She just couldn't hold that
one.  She moved; Jon wasn't surprised.  Too bad. Nicole was now going to receive
a Groove Spanking. His rigid bulging cock meat twitching uncontrollably.  Jon
waited 10 minutes for Nicole to regain  some composure.  Her buttocks were
nicely colored and welted from top to bottom. Her cunt appeared swollen and
aroused although he had made sure to totally avoid hitting that area. Her
nipples appeared aroused and even more elongated than usual, maybe a 1 1/4 inch.
He made a mental note to take before and after measurements next time.  This was
a good beginning.  Maybe Nicole needed some mouth fucking before he prepared her
for the excruciating Groove Spanking.


His new submissive wife Nicole had just received her very first Pain Session
from her loving and attentive Jon.  He looked  with uninhibited lust at her
extraordinary body: the taut and smooth diminutive frame, her almost but not
quite large fleshy ass, and the masterpiece of Nicole, her magnificent 36D
breasts, so large that even at her young age there was a slight sag, the thick
and elongated nipple teats. Every day, her body would receive some sort of
punishment-discipline from Jon and she knew it.

"How are your buttocks, Nicole?"
"Red and welted, Sir"
"Like they should be?"
"Yes, like they should be."
"Before I give you your  Groove Spanking, I want to massage your tit-flesh."
"Yes, Jon."
Jon was sitting on the edge of the bed with his swollen turgid cockhead at
attention.
"Jon, please don't hurt my breasts."
"Just a little, ok?"
"Ok, Sir" 
Over the coming days, weeks and years, her breasts were going to  receive
unimaginable pain and punishment.
"Nicole, down on your knees in front of me."
He cupped a breast in each hand and slowly but methodically kneaded and massaged
the tit-flesh, slowly but surely increasing the pressure working his way to the
sensitive teat-nipples. He then took each nipple between thumb and forefinger
and began to press down hard and then harder.  Release. Surrounding the large,
puffy and crinkly areoles he did the same thing.  A low guttural sound came from
Nicole. Jon smiled to himself.  Her titties were made to receive pain. They were
made to be whipped.  They were made to be beaten on a daily basis. He owned her
and her body and her breasts.  She would readily submit to his depraved
perversions. He released her titties. There were red marks all over the
tit-flesh where he had worked on them.  Tomorrow she would receive the first
long Breast Punishment Session.  Her normally sensitive breasts were now even
more sensitive as she was starting her menstrual cycle soon. 


Nicole was "hogtied" on her stomach on the King bed, soft but strong Velcro
restraints cinching her thighs to each respective arm, thus splaying her large
fleshy ass globes wide open. So, red and welted buttock flesh on each side but
now each ass globe separated displaying the deep inner nether cheeks, almost
five inches of white virgin butt flesh on each side of her burrowed ass crack;
and in the center, the tiny  virgin pink-brown anal ring, Nicole's sphincter
winking at Jon.  

"You are permitted to scream during the Groove Spanking."
"Please don't hurt me too bad, Jon."
"Unfortunately, it will be very painful, my dear."
"Yes, sir."
"I will begin, my love"
"yes, Jon"

Jon elected not to use the heavy rubber doggy whip.  It was a little too severe
to use at this point in Nicole's punishment training. Used with intensity it
could cause deep bruising.  He surely didn't want to wait very long to punish
the same area!  He chose instead the 18" long 2 1/2inch wide flexible Lucite
plastic strip. He had it cut at Home Depot and left the edges rough cut, that is
fairly sharp. He had made one  additional alteration. He had glued to one end of
one side a 3-inch piece of ultra-fine sandpaper. Not applied properly there was
the potential for some minor cutting.  He would use this on Nicole on several
areas including her Inner Thigh Punishment as well as for the cruelly painful
Breast Punishment Sessions Nicole had yet to experience. He would now begin to
severely apply the Lucite strip on the left side of her inner ass flesh, that is
the area where the welted left ass globe melded into the heretofore  alabaster
white inner buttocks that ended at the long ass crack; and then, of course he
would attend to the identical right side.  The last area to be attended to would
be the ass crack itself and in the center Nicole's little precious anal ring.
Jon was shaking with lust and Nicole  was shaking with dread.  He pulled her
closer to the edge of the bed and he sat down on a small stool. His face was
staring directly at Nicole's obscenely splayed and spread ass cheeks, his eyes
transfixed. He was ready to paint the targeted area red, a very dark red.

THWAT
THWAT
THWAT
THWAT

He concentrated on the left side, attacking Nicole's virgin white inner butt
cheek.  Working his way thoroughly over every piece of inner butt meat.  Nicole
screaming in unrelenting pain. Butt flesh turning pink, now red, getting darker;
the sandpaper slowing wearing into Nicole's ultra-sensitive skin.

THWAT
THWAT
THWAT
THWAT

Fifty very hard spanks, Jon hitting all in quick methodical succession.   He is
done on the left. Now he attacks the right side in identical fashion.

THWAT
THWAT
THWAT
THWAT

Fifty of his best there too. 100 total extraordinarily hard spanks. Nicole's
entire inner ass cheeks, except for the deep ass crack and anal ring, is a hot
dark  glowing red hue.  Nicole has screamed herself hoarse.  And there is the
beautiful contrast of her mature welted banded outer butt flesh with what she
has just endured. The cruel Lucite "ruler" is too wide to effectively punish
Nicole's long ass crack and anal ring. Jon sets it down and picks up the  small
3/4-inch wide leather strap that had been soaking in the water-Clorox solution. 
Jon grins. Raises his arm high and brings the wet, heavy and narrow strap
vertically straight down Nicole's ass crack.

THWAP
THWAP
THWAP
THWAP

Another unbelievable fifty..........

Dark welting immediately appears up and down Nicole's long ass crack. Jon has
expertly avoided her anal ring.  Nicole is now sobbing in silence. Jon takes a
moment and re-soaks the narrow strap. Brings it out of the mixture dripping,
again raises his arm and viciously swings straight down directly onto, pray not
into, Nicole's precious anal-sphincter meat.

THWAP
THWAP
THWAP
THWAP



It appears his little Nicole had passed out.  Jon's cock slit is involuntarily
emitting ribbons of thick acrid jism.




MOMENTUM           Part 2


Nicole would heal quickly from yesterday's first Punishment tests. First of all
she was totally subservient to Jon's demands.  More importantly, she had a body
that was just built to be disciplined hard and often.  As much as Jon loved to
lay hard leather into Nicole's very spankable buttocks, and to do it often, and
to do it with creativity, and to do it with ever increasing degrees of severity,
Jon's obsessive focus was, and would remain, on Nicole's absolutely magnificent
breasts.   These smooth and flawlessly large 36D mammary glands capped with
large dark sweat-gland wrinkled areoles and the extra thick, turgid and
abnormally long nipple -teats; ah, yes Jon fully intended to inflict regular
long and brutal Breast Punishment Sessions on Nicole's virgin titty-flesh. She
wasn't too happy about his plans.  Too bad.  Mamarries that were built to be
abused, whipped and beaten on a constant basis. Several times a week at a
minimum.  Jon had the implements and the imagination to discipline her virgin
breast meat.

"Nicole dear, it is time for your very first Breast Punishment Session."

"Please shed your blouse and bra immediately!"

"Ok Jon, I will. You are scaring me."

"Nicole, my love,, you should be scared'"

Nicole came down the basement stairs naked from the waist up, the beautiful
memories subtly swaying and because of their enormous size, oh so slightly
sagging, the cold air making the nipples even longer and fuller. She joined Jon
in the designated small soundproof Breast Punishment Room. With her diminutive
frame, her enormous breasts appeared almost obscene in their prominence. Because
of the pain that was going to be inflicted on Nicole's precious titties, Jon
proceed to ball-gag her, her arms held behind her back and cinched tight from
wrists to upper. arms with the strong Velcro restraints. This, of course, had
the effect of pushing the virgin breasts even more forward from her chest. Now
two longer Velcro restraints around her waist and forehead attached to a
vertical timber.  This debut Session would last for several hours.  Jon needed
access to her breast undersides. He slid one of the custom compression clamps
down the end of Nicole's aroused left 1 1/2 long nipple-teat. There was still
almost an inch or so of thick nipple protruding beyond the clamp.  Tightening
the compression clamp down, tighter, then tighter again, having the desired
effect of squashing the original thick diameter of the nipple by half. Same
regimen for the right teat. Light cable hooks and lines attached to said clamps
and said cables winched up, creating the desired effect of lifting her heavy
breasts up and then further up until the sensitive alabaster undersides of her
tittie-flesh was totally exposed and accessible.  Mind you, Nicole had never
experienced any type of punishment before on her breasts.  Jon went to the small
cabinet and retrieved the effective and dreaded plastic Lucite strip whip. Jon
was gong to absolutely and without mercy beat the virgin alabaster underside
breast meat. He would apply the Lucite strip whip with maximum force and
intensity from beginning to end.  Here we go, Jon says to himself with that
sadistic evil smile. THWACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK. seemingly endlessly  The
mammaries jiggle with the force, white underside tit-flesh evolves into pink,
red, dark red, darker red and then almost purple with the merciless onslaught. 
Nicole screaming and grunting behind the ball gag. He is applying the strokes
with the staccato of a machine gun. Very soon welting appears and Jon is
applying the strokes with even greater force.  The massive tits are heaving on
Nicole's chest.  Every centimeter of white underside tit-meat is now overlaid
with red-purple welts.  Nicole's entire body is shaking and covered in a sheen
of perspiration. By golly, Nicole is beginning to understand just  a little bit
what a Breast Punishment Session is; she really knows now what Jon means when he
tells her over and over, Nicole I own your breasts.  Jon puts the Lucite strip
whip down.  The old reliable 3/4 inch wide leather strap has been soaking in the
saltwater-Clorox solution.  He will beat the be Jesus out of Nicole's topside
tit-meat with the strap. Draws the heavy soaked leather strap out of the
solution and proceeds to viciously apply the strap relentlessly on the top of
Nicole's precious breasts.  Deep welting immediately and the inevitable
evolutionary color change fro olive white skin to dark-red welted flesh; again
every centimeter of virgin skin is covered.  Nicole is now heaving and sobbing
uncontrollably. Jon is getting a little excited now. Puts the leather to soak
again in the brine-Clorox solution. Unscrews the teat-nipple compression clamps
and takes them off.  Picks up the Lucite strip whip, this time with the
sandpaper side in order. And begins to beat Nicole's areoles without mercy fro a
full half an hour, fully welted with tiny flecks of pre-blood beginning to show
before he stops, temporarily. Nicole' s nipples have not yet been attended to,
now tootsie roll thick and almost 1 1/2 inch long.  Jon picks up the Lucite
strip whip and absolutely assaults Nicole's nips hard and relentlessly fro a
full 15 minutes.  Poor Nicole's mammaries have been punished-disciplined beyond
her wildest nightmares




MOMENTUM            Part 3



Poor little Nicole's breasts had received a rather severe whipping from her
beloved husband Jon.  He had administered to his new wife her first Breast
Punishment Session.  It would not be the last.  It was merely the first of what
would become a routine but varied regimen in the days, weeks, months and years
ahead.  As she looked at her beautiful but whipped and welted mammarys she
understood completely her duty of obedience and servitude to her older spouse. 
She was beginning to comprehend what married life would entail with Jon.  When
she went to bed with Jon at night and turned off the lights, he would talk to
her in long and intimate detail of her interminable schedule of
punishment-discipline sessions. He would then make love to her, entering her,
spreading her swollen labia open, her fatty but tight cunt splayed wide for
Jon's thick prick to stroke her cunt walls and vaginal canal for hours; for Jon
to face-fuck, deep throat-rape Nicole's mouth orifice for hours; for Jon to eat
and tongue- fuck Nicole's fat-rigid clitoral meat for hours.  He would satiate
her sexual lust and she would try so hard to satisfy his almost insatiable
sadomasochistic perversions.

Nicole was in her third week of taking Jon's personally designed hormone therapy
to increase breast size mass and nipple-teat lactation, as if Nicole's 36D
breasts weren't large enough.  Jon's elixir consisted of mixing into his
microwave-heated semen, that he had carefully saved and stored, sizeable dosages
of GH plus PRL and glucocort.  Pursuant to Jon's strict instructions, every
morning Nicole would heat up one cup every morning and down the musky thick
concoction, even though it made her nauseous.  Her mammarys were beginning to be
swollen and sensitive and her nipples even more thick and long.  She began to
lactate profusely.  Without frequent emptying of her mammary glands, Nicole's
milk synthesis would not persist in spite of adequate hormonal status.
Conversely, Jon's maintenance of intense suckling or milking stimulus would not
maintain her lactation indefinitely. Nevertheless, Jon's suckling or actual
removal of milk from her swollen tit-flesh glands would be required to maintain
lactation.  Jon determined that whip- beating Nicole's huge sensitive breasts
with the small but heavy rubber doggy whip would effectively increase and
maintain Nicole's prolific production of lactating milk. Jon loved to save and
store her milk and would drink a large glass every morning.

"Hi Nicole, I'm home."
"Hi Jon.  My breasts are so sore and full."
"They need to milked immediately. Strip and get down to the Breast Punishment
Room, now."
"Yes Jon."

Nicole entered the room.  Her flawless olive colored 36D breasts were swollen
and heavy.  Her nipples were now heifer-sized teats, dripping thick lactose. 
Nicole had put on about ten pounds overall because of the hormone regimen.  Her
already ample buttocks were now more full and fleshy, almost fat.  Jon's thick
cock stirred in recognition of the increased pleasure he would have severely
whipping his 19 year old wife's fatty but sensuous and soft ass globes.  But for
the moment Nicole's tits would receive his undivided attention.  He directed
Nicole over to the stool in front of the large vanity sink and had her sit.  He
lifted her huge mammarys on to the cold stainless steel vanity and the tit-flesh
spilled over onto the ledge of the sink, her 1 1/2 inch teats discharging
milkish fluid into the closed sink basin.  Nicole was frozen with fear and
anticipation of the imminent milk beating.  Jon dangled the 12" heavy rubber
doggy whip in front of his wife's eyes.  He brought it up and then down hard
onto the top of Nicole's milk inflated breasts.  THWOP, THWOP, THWOP, THWOP,
THWOP........  Nicole began screaming, the elongated teats started to discharge
a thick heavy stream of lactose milk into the sink. Her mammarys immediately
showing bruising and discoloration from the painful doggy whip.   THWOP, THWOP,
THWOP, THWOP, THWOP........  The sink was now stating to fill up with her milk.
The punishment instrument was having the desired effect of slowly but surely
draining Nicole's mammarys. THWOP, THWOP, THWOP, THWOP, THWOP.......  He put the
whip down, her breasts   now thoroughly bruised and discolored.  He placed each
of his strong hands around each tit and began to cruelly squeeze and manipulate
Nicole's fleshy orbs, the distended and thick dark-brown teats shooting a
forceful stream of heavy cream-milk into the sink.  Jon was applying crushing
pressure with his hands and then releasing in an endless cycle, milking his poor
little Nicole's mammoth titties. He had emptied her breasts, the sink almost
overflowing with her sweet smelly lactose.  




MOMENTUM           Part 4



Poor little Nicole, although "little" was perhaps not an appropriate adjective
after six months of marital bliss...  (She secretly loved the fact that Jon
controlled her, disciplined her, and punished her severely on a daily basis.) 
Despite her strenuous workouts on the treadmill and her strict diet, the 5'2" 19
year old had continually gained weight, almost 15 pounds.  It was attributable
to the elixir Jon had concocted: Jon's saved semen mixed with the super
lactation producing hormones, that she was required to drink now twice a day.
Her exquisite olive colored 36D breasts had increased in size to 40DD and her
nipples now had the texture, appearance and size of cow-heifer teats. The
sensitive dark brown teats were now over 1 3/4" long and thick as her thumbs;
teats that were in a continual state of lactation- leaking. Nicole's mammaries
required extensive milking (drainage) every day.  Only Jon was permitted to do
the milking; if he found that Nicole had effected any drainage on her own, he
would sadistically whip- beat her anal ring meat with the bleach soaked leather
strap and then sodomize her tight ass hole with the horse size dildo.  Much of
the weight had seemed to gravitate to her flawless baby smooth buttocks. They
now could only be described as large fatty ass globes. Ass globes that received
daily attention with the family heirloom razor strop or Jon's other instruments
of pain-punishment. This, of course, was exactly what her perverted and depraved
husband craved: enormous tits and a large fleshy ass to punish-discipline every
day of the year.



6'4" Jon arrived home from a day of work at his consulting firm.

"Nicole, where are you?  Meet me in the study immediately."

"OK Jon, I will be there in a moment."

"Immediately, Nicole."

"Ok, my dear."

Little Nicole entered the small study. Jon was sitting in the over-stuffed
armchair.  His wide rigid purple- veined cock meat staring at his 19-year-old
"pain-toy" wife.

"I need to examine your titties. Strip."

"Yes sir."

Nicole unbuttoned her tight sheer silk blouse.  No bra. Just her obscenely large
and beautiful olive colored mammaries standing and hanging off her chest; the
elongated teat-nipples slightly leaking tit milk.

"Kneel and suck, Nicole, while I massage and milk"

"Please Jon, not too hard today.  They are so sensitive."

"Ok, Nicole, strip bare ass naked immediately, over the ottoman.  I am going to
whip your fat ass with "old yeller" (the dreaded razor strop) until they're raw
welted."

Nicole knew not to say another word. Jon was in one of his dark-dangerous moods.
She knew tonight's punishment would go on for hours and be, even by his sadistic
standards, pervertedly severe.  Nicole stripped totally and layed over face down
on the ottoman, her flawlessly soft olive colored and huge fatty ass- globes
lewdly displayed. Jon had retrieved "old yeller", the 3' foot long 8" wide
supple and oiled leather beating razor strop in his right hand.  Jon's cock slit
was dripping precum on Nicole's buttocks.  Nicole hadn't tasted "old yeller" in
a few weeks and Jon was prepared to lay the leather hard, deep and long over
Nicole's' fatty butt meat.  Nicole knew to keep her ass high in the air with her
legs spread wide.  Jon swung up high with "old Yeller' and brought the vicious
instrument of punishment down hard across the center of both fatty ass globes,
indenting at impact, leaving at first that white stripe that then turns
immediately red. Tonight Jon will not wait between strokes but will methodically
and relentlessly apply the strop with no intermission.  Nicole's fat cunt lips
are in the area of target range and Jon applies a vicious under stroke directly
on the hairy fat pussy labia. Nicole is screaming like a banshee but soon goes
hoarse. After twenty minutes there is not a centimeter of white skin left on
Nicole's large fat ass globes. The strop is applied with sickening full force
creating a red-purple welted mass of butt flesh. Now Jon starts working on
Nicole's' beautiful but meaty thighs concentrating on the soft tender inner
thigh meat near the cuntal juncture.  That area after fifteen minutes of
uninterrupted whipping is purple-red welted.

"Nicole, spread your fat checks as wide as you can, Now!!"

Jon is staring at "virgin" white inner butt cheek meat, about six inches on
either side of her ass crack, such a big fat ass to beat-whip.  Jon works with
even more intensity in that extremely sensitive and tender area.  Jon gets out
the large jar of Icy Hot athletic cream and spreads it all over Nicole's inner
butt flesh including the anal meat ring and around and into and through the
sphincter closure. He now reapplies the razor strop with even more ferociousness
all over the same areas again and then concentrates solely on whipping poor
Nicole's ass crack and ass hole flesh meat.  Nicole is grunting and heaving but
her voice is gone.   Jon gets out the rigid black rubber horse size dildo and
smears it thoroughly with the Icy Hot and pushes it hard and deep past Nicole's
red-welted sphincter and penetrates into her bowels, the Icy Hot pain spreading
into her rectal channel walls. At the same time, Jon is liberally applying globs
of the Icy Hot all over Nicole's red-welted fat ass cheeks, pinching and
kneading it hard into the fatty ass globes.  Jon is thrust fucking the long and
fat horse dildo into and out of Nicole's violated ass hole groove.  Jon is now
leaking semen on Nicole's forehead and the acrid goo rolls down her face and
Nicole's tongue catches what it can.  Jon continues to severely pinch and knead
Nicole's thoroughly punished buttocks with more of the Icy Hot.  The Ass
Whipping Session is over.  Nicole will rest for 15 minutes and then Jon is going
to give her titties the whipping of their lives.





"I will ask you again Nicole, are you read to kneel and suck and while I massage
and milk?"

"Yes, sir"

"Now!'

Jon is sitting on the edge of study chair with his wide girthed and rigid penis
emitting precum out of the pee slit.  Nicole is on her knees in front of her
husband and starts mouth-fucking his cock meat.  Jon places a small stainless
steel milk pail under Nicole's huge left hanging- dangling mammary.  While
Nicole diligently begins to tongue-fuck her husbands pee slit, Jon place one
hand at the base of her left breast and starts squeeze-milking the titty and
with his other hand takes the heifer sized teat and cruelly stretches it
downward as the tit-flesh begins to squirt sweet-smelling lactose milk into the
pail.

"Deep-throat Nicole"

"Mmmmphh"

Nicole pushes her head down and she feels her husbands long and wide cock meat
slide down her throat wall, her mouth is now mashed into Jon's pubes, back and
forth, mouth-fucking and deep throating; strictly obeying her husband's
commands.  Jon is methodically milking poor little Nicole's left engorged titty,
the huge breast hanging down and Jon's hand tightly squeezing its base, at the
same time his other hand stretching the heifer teat, the nipple discharging a
steady flow of her thick milk fluid.  The pail is begining to fill. Jon's hand
works down from the base of the left tit and starts squeezing with vice-like
pressure further down the mass of the tit meat, the other hand continually
manipulating and cruelly stretching the teats, the milk discharging with ever
greater volume and force into the cute little stainless steel milk pail.  His
19-year-old wife is diligently performing fellatio in the manner she knows he
requires.  The left titty is almost drained. Jon takes both hands now and mashes
the bruised left titty with all the force he can muster, squeezing out the last
drops of her lactose milk.  Her starts the same process now with Nicole's right
mammary.  Squeezing, mashing, massaging, milking her precious, obscenely huge
tit flesh, leaving markings and bruising on the tender tit meat from the
pressure and intensity of his milking. Jon has started to discharge semen into
Nicole's mouth and she is required to swallow every single drop.  Jon starts
hand slapping each hanging-swaying breast, the tit-flesh beginning to redden
from the hand spanking; Jon begins to viciously squeeze and manipulate the thick
rubbery long teat-nipples, twisting, pulling, and squeezing as hard as he can. 
Jon is now fully discharging his thick, yellowish-white jism into and down
little Nicole's throat.  Jon will now prepare his Nicole for a very hard breast
whipping. 



The one-gallon pail was full of Nicole's titty-milk.  He would instruct Nicole
to make it into ice cream. Yummy.

"Nicole, place your breasts on the coffee table."

"Yes sir."

Nicole lifted each of her huge mammary glands onto the table. They were less
resilient now because of the milking and showed some reddening and a little
bruising.  The teat-nipples were still thick, long and swollen.  Jon took some
nylon fish line and made a slipknot and attached to each teat.  He pulled hard
and the thin nylon line dug deep into the end of each dark-brown nipple.  He
tied a one-pound weight to each line and dangled them over the other side of the
table.  This had the effect, aside from the incredible pain it was inflicting on
poor little Nicole, of stretching out the huge meaty mass of each mammary gland,
making the smooth olive-colored tit-flesh taut and firm, stretching out the
thick teats to over 2" as the weights pulled with their heavy gravity.  Nicole's
beautiful, flawless and creamy titties were totally layed out and fully exposed
for a whipping in extremis. 



Jon took a glob of Icy Hot and massaged and kneaded the heat inducing cream all
over her mammary tit-flesh, kneaded into the dark large sweat-gland wrinkled
areoles, and kneaded into the taut stretched rubbery teat nipples.  Jon took a
thick and sharp hatpin and pressed it down into the center of her right nipple,
then her left; he worked the needle back and forth and up and down each
stretched nipple-teat, microscopic specks of blood coming to the surface. 
Little Nicole was screaming with no voice left, heaving and bucking with the
indescribable pain.  Jon took the brine-bleach soaked leather shoelaces and
viciously whipped each of Nicole's elongated nipples from the base of her
areoles to the end where the fish line was dug into the end of the nips.  He
worked over the nipples for a half an hour and applied about 500 strokes.  The
2" long rubbery thick dark brown nipples were red-raw and welted.  He took
another gob of Icy Hot and then worked it into each stretched -out whipped
nipple.  Her loving husband then took an ultra fine piece of sandpaper and
started sanding each of Poor little Nicole's large dark areoles; after which he
took more Icy Hot and aggressively kneaded it into the areole flesh. He then
whipped each of the areoles for fifteen minutes, 300 times on each, with a 2'
wide leather strap that had also bee soaking in the brine-bleach. with the
resulting tiny flecks of blood and deep red welting.  Nicole was writhing and
and her entire body covered in a sheen of perspiration.  Jon then took the
razor-strop and began to viciously whip the primary mass of creamy smooth
mammary tit-flesh; 400 hundred hard strokes from the base of the tit meat down
to the areoles, up and down, back and forth.  He went back to the Icy Hot and
cruelly kneaded and massaged the cream into her welted whipped breasts. He
discharged a huge volume of his hot thick acrid semen directly shooting the cum
onto Nicole's face. Nicole had passed out from the severity of the titty
whipping. Jon knew that it would take 2 or 3 weeks for poor little Nicole's huge
titties to heal. She would still need to be milked daily though.  Jon smiled



The sadomasochistic marital union between Nicole and Jon was total bliss
  as far as Jon was concerned. Jon had indulged in his every depraved fantasy
  with his diminutive "pain-toy" wife in the first year of their marriage. Nicole
  had willingly, if reluctantly submitted to all of Jon's daily Punishment Sessions.
  She was the recipient of his interminable infliction of pain Jon applied to
  Nicole's most sensitive anatomical areas. On a daily basis, Nicole's breasts,
  buttocks, thighs, asshole and cuntal meat had been methodically beaten and
  whipped. An infinite variety of custom punishment implements including leather
  strops and straps, plastic Lucite strips, wooden paddles, rulers and yardsticks,
  wooden dowels, assorted bamboo canes, pins and needles, all had been used relentlessly
  on Nicole's flawless olive-skinned body.  
Jon arrived home in the afternoon after a strenuous workout at the gym.  
"Nicole, meet me in the library immediately."  
"I'll be right there Jon."  
Jon was resting in his oversized leather chair, the muscles of his arms and
  legs still bulging from his workout. Little bare-footed Nicole entered, the
  tight white cotton shorts hugging her full ample ass cheeks, her sweet vaginal
  slit split in front by the conforming snugness of her shorts. The white material
  contrasted with her beautiful smooth olive-skinned flesh. The delicate pink
  silk blouse was too small to adequately contain Nicole's 36DD breasts encased
  in the provocative Victoria Secrets bra.  
"Strip down, everything."  
"Yes Sir."  
Nicole quickly slid her shorts down and off her small feet. The pink panty-thong
  followed. She hurriedly unbuttoned the blouse and dropped it. Reaching behind,
  unclasping the bra, off; revealing an unbelievable exquisite body. The goose
  flesh of her proud massive and creamy mammaries were thrust out in prominence,
  large dark sweat gland crinkled areoles, her long thick rubbery nipple-teats
  pointing straight out. Her dark- red fat outer cunt lips peeking out from the
  thick bush of black pussy hair. Nicole's thick but shapely upper thigh meat,
  smooth, soft and tender.  
There were no signs on her body, whatsoever, that Nicole had ever been physically
  abused. She had had a month's hiatus from Jon's Punishment Sessions. The extensive
  bruising, welts and markings had completely healed and vanished for the first
  time in almost a year. Her body was exquisitely erotic; the skin so baby-ass
  smooth, taut and resilient. A body that had, and would again, endure constant
  and merciless corporal punishment.  
Nicole's vacation was over.  
"Stand right in front of me."  
Nicole walked forward and stopped.  
"Who owns your body?"  
"You do Sir."  
"And what does that mean Nicole?"  
"That means, Sir, you can discipline my body."  
"Why would I discipline you, Nicole?"  
"Because I am a bad girl. I have been a bad girl."  
"How have you been a bad girl, Nicole?"  
"I have been sneaking cigarettes again, Sir."  
"Oh, that is bad; real real bad, Nicole."  
"I know, Sir."  
"Bend over forward, Nicole."  
Nicole's full sensuous lips are in Jon's face. Her large spongy titties are
  dangling and swaying, blood rushing into the elongated nipples.  
"Nicole?"  
"Yes, Sir?"  
"See the cigarette and lighter on the side table?"  
"Yes, Sir."  
"Light it and hand it to me."  
"Yes, Sir."  
Nicole's forehead has broken out in sweat. Her body is starting to imperceptibly
  shake. Nicole reaches fro the cigarette and places it between her lips; takes
  the lighter, flicks the flint, draws on the cigarette and draws on the filter.  
"Nicole?"  
"Yes, Jon?"  
"Do you know what is going to happen?"  
"I think so, Sir."  
"Yes, I think you do Nicole. Take another big draw and hand me the cigarette."  
She does as instructed.  
"Are you ready, Nicole?"  
Nicole's entire body is now covered in a light sheen of perspiration. She
  is still bent forward; the blood has now engorged her full massive tittie meat.
  Her mammaries are swaying and covered in sweat. The rubbery nipples are more
  engorged and even larger, thicker. Aroused. She is shaking.  
"Please Sir, I beg you. Please don't. Please, please Jon. You can do anything
  you want. Not that. Please, oh god."  
Nicole is starting to whimper and tear.  
"Yes, Nicole I can anything I want. Remember this going to hurt me more than
  it hurts you." Jon chuckles to himself. "Aren't you glad you didn't sneak cigars?"  
"Ok, Nicole, these are the rules. Do not scream. Do not move away from me.
  Keep your left arm behind your back. Manipulate your naughty clitoris with
  your right hand.  
I will begin&hellip;.."  
Jon takes his left hand and pulls down on the right rubbery teat-nipple of
  Nicole's dangling titty meat and compresses with force between his thumb and
  forefinger. Holding the filter tip of the cigarette between his right thumb
  and forefinger, he brings it up and blows, causing the end to glow red-white
  hot.  
"Continue frigging your clitoris, Nicole."  
Jon very carefully and slowly directs the red hot coal end of the cigarette
  towards the outer edge of her sweat-gland crinkled areole. He can smell sex
  wafting from her cunt. He can smell arousal, fear.  
Closer, closer, almost touching; contact.  
"ssssssss"  
Both of Nicole's swollen nipples discharge a small volume of milky lactation.
  Jon sees, and smells, vaginal jugo leaking down her right inner thigh. Nicole
  is quietly convulsing, mini-orgasming.  
"Nicole are you my little Pavlovian pain-pleasure dog bitch?"  
"Yes, Sir."  
Jon has left a nice little, but incredibly painful, raised red burn welt
  on the puffy spongy areole.  
"Go take a shower and prepare for a Sodomy Punishment Session. Make sure
  the Sodomy Strap is well oiled."  
"Yes, Sir."  
Part 6  
Jon enters their bedroom. Nicole is naked on their king size bed in the doggy
  position her thighs splayed wide. Nicole's unblemished and fatty butt-ass globes
  facing Jon. Her upper thighs are meaty but soft, the inner thigh flesh even
  more so. Jon is naked too, the muscles of his upper torso still bulging, unshowered,
  his swollen thick 10 inch cock, erect, the large mushroom-capped prick emitting
  some pre-cum from its long deep pee-slit. Beside Nicole on the bed is the Sodomy
  Strap. A 36 inch long, 4 inch wide, piece of heavy supple leather connected
  to a 6 inch hickory wooden handle. Jon discerns that Nicole has just oiled
  the leather making it more supple but heavier.  
Jon runs his hands over his 20 year old wife's beautiful fleshy buttock meat,
  gently massaging and squeezing the malleable spongy butt flesh, now cupping
  the lower ass puppy flesh, teasing and pinching the erotic overhang. He spreads
  and divides open her butt globes exposing Nicole's little precious pink-brown
  wrinkled anal meat ring. His cock, now harder and larger, is emitting a steady
  slow discharge of smelly thick white-yellow cum. He rubs some on the large
  forefinger of his right hand. The digit begins to slowly massage the sensitive
  inner center butt flesh near her tiny delicate asshole. He softly presses his
  digit closer to the sphincter epicenter and finally begins to caress and probe
  directly onto the twitching little star hole itself. Tight, so very incredibly
  tight. The lubricated digit slowly disappears and passes thru Nicole's strong
  sphincter muscle and Jon slides his large digit slowly in and out, in a tortuous
  methodical manner, for five minutes. Nicole groans, her body twitching, her
  anal nerve synapses circuiting to her brain, her massive titties hanging down,
  dangling and swaying, the fat dark nipple-teats lactating sweet cream drops.
  His digit continues sliding ever so slowly in and out of Nicole's smooth and
  slippery rectal-colon tube hole. He withdraws the finger and moves it to Nicole's
  cute button nose.  
"Smell it, Nicole."  
She draws in a breath thru her nostrils, the feint smell of her shit hitting
  her olfactory senses.  
"You are a dirty little girl."  
"I'm sorry, Sir."  
"What happens to dirty little girls?"  
"They get punished, Sir."  
"And how do they get punished?"  
"They get whipped with the Sodomy Strap."  
"And what else, Nicole?"  
"They get a brutal and hard ass fucking."  
"Yes, that is correct. Are you ready for your punishment, Nicole?"  
"Yes, Sir."  
"Frig that fat clit of yours while your buttocks and thighs are whipped.
  Do not move. Do not move your hands. Spread your legs wider. Wider. Good. Are
  you now ready for your Sodomy Punishment Session?"  
"Yes, Jon."  
Jon picks up the Sodomy Strap with his right hand and swings it in the air.  
"Whoosh, whoosh." Nice and heavy.  
Jon runs his left hand softly but methodically over Nicole's baby soft-smooth
  fatty ass spheres, kneading the spongy olive skinned butt meat. He massages
  her sensitive inner thigh meat. He then starts to pinch the upper-inner thigh
  flesh with intensity leaving a trail of sore little bruises. Nicole begins
  to silently cry and shiver.  
"Nicole?"  
"You forgot something."  
"I did?"  
"You didn't place a towel under your naughty udders. So when you start lactating
  your milk will stain our expensive new mattress."  
"I'm sorry, Jon."  
"Yes, Nicole, you are going to be real sorry. I was going to take it easy
  on your Breast Punishment Session. But you have to learn. It will be the Mouse
  Traps for you later."  
"Oh god, no Jon. Please, no." Nicole is visibly shaken and tears are rolling
  down her beautiful soft cheeks.  
"Quiet, Nicole!  
"Yes, Sir."  
"I will begin&hellip;."  
Jon stood to the left behind Nicole, she in the spread-wide doggy position.
  Jon's thick hot jism was now leaking down his engorged erect cock shaft. The
  muscles in his neck and arms and legs were taut-ripped. He was excited. Nicole's
  buttocks and thighs would receive a long and painful whipping. He drew the
  strap back with his right arm and swung down with maximum force near the top
  of Nicole long ass crack, parallel across both fat butt spheres.  
"THWAP!"  
The heavy strap left a white indent where it contacted Nicole's upper butt
  meat. It turned a vivid red and then left a 4 inch welt across both ass globes.
  Nicole manipulated her clitoris meat as instructed. She grunted, holding back
  a scream. Jon swung back again and came in hard and real low on her thighs
  right at the knees.  
"SPLAT!"  
Lots of soft resilient flesh here. The heavy leather sunk into the thigh
  meat and then sprung back. First a white band, then red coloration and then
  a 4 inch raised welt. Jon stared into the living photo of his diminutive submissive
  wife with two large separated strap-whip welts. He would now paint her entire
  buttock-thigh meat with the cruel Sodomy Strap. Jon drew back again, this time
  aiming for the butt flesh below the first welt. It landed with perfect sickening
  precision, her fleshy fat ass globes violently jiggling at impact. A loud  
"SPLAT!  
Nicole was in agony, her heaving mammaries hanging and swaying, the teats
  starting to leak sweet creamy milk drops. The strap made contact with deep
  fatty ass flesh here and indented the buttocks with another wide angry red
  raised welt. The next swing Jon brought in with full force above the first
  thigh welt. Nicole was holding steady, groaning and grunting (God, she could
  take Pain.); but the involuntary vibrating movement of her whipped buttock
  globes, stripped and red welted, was obscenely erotic.  
"CRACK, THWOP!"  
The heavy punishment strap hit softer thigh tissue here and sunk into the
  meat, the flesh sprang back, a white parallel stripe appears and then turns
  quickly into another dark red welt. Jon approaches Nicole and fondles her whipped
  flesh, running his fingers over the raised welts, now kneading the spongy fat
  whipped tissue, pinching and tormenting her beaten buttocks and thighs. Nicole
  is trembling in indescribable pain. She knows the worst is coming as she is
  cognizant Jon will now concentrate whipping the lower butt meat upper thigh
  juncture. Nicole's tender and sensitive lower butt flesh is so delicate here,
  as her puppy butt meat almost overhangs. That's where Jon will swing the heavy
  oiled strap leather repeatedly. Jon draws the Punishment Strap way back and
  now swings it forward as hard as he can into the target area with a slight
  upward angle. The thick leather lands extremely hard and deep right at the
  butt-thigh juncture.  
"CRACK, SPLAT!"  
Nicole can't hold back a primal scream of pain. No interlude now between
  whip strokes. In quick succession, five times, he viciously brings the leather
  right into the same delicate ass-thigh tissue. Her fat lower globes shake,
  wiggle and jiggle. Jon is over-welting the skin. It is turning redder and redder.
  His little Nicole's entire jiggling buttock and back thigh meat is a throbbing
  mass of dark-red welted pain. Her blood engorged teats are steadily discharging
  large drops of breast milk. Her swollen labia-major lips glistening with her
  cunt cream. Jon is lust transfixed. He drops the strap and moves toward Nicole,
  his super-engorged cock slit begins to pee a stream of hot white-yellow acrid
  jism onto her punished buttock flesh. He cruelly kneads the cum callously into
  the welted ass meat.  
"Nicole, spread your ass cheeks as wide as you can."  
"Yes, Jon."  
Nicole reaches back with both hands and separates the large fat welted gluttonous
  globes, displaying the mass of white inner butt meat and her precious tight
  little wrinkled asshole.  
"Nicole, ask me."  
"Sir, please give me a hard brutal ass fucking."  
"Ok Nicole spread wider."  
She does. Jon aims his thick engorged fuck-cock toward Nicole's anal-sphincter
  orifice and presses his jism-smeared mushroom cock head onto her twitching
  asshole star. Her sphincter muscle meat ring inverts and reluctantly stretches
  with the inertial force of Jon's bucking-fucking cock meat. His slimy lubricated
  prick penetrates the anal ring and he continues to press forward and in, his
  cock meat entering the tight slippery-smooth sheath of Nicole's tiny colon-rectal
  tube hole. He plunges in and slide all ten inches of rigid cock shaft forward;
  and begins to brutally sodomize his little Nicole. All the way in and then
  all the way out, her anal shit-chute begins to milk a continuous stream of
  his hot thick viscous cum deep into her bowels. Jon reaches forward with his
  large hands and viciously spank-slaps Nicole's dangling udder-mammaries, casing
  her milk lactation to erupt in a squirting stream. He is eagerly anticipating
  the Breast Punishment Session he will inflict on Nicole later in the evening.
  As he withdraws his fuck-pole meat, he pulls Nicole's anus outward, it has
  so tightly enveloped Jon's jism slick cock shaft, the thick cum oozing and
  leaking around the sphincter muscle. Jon now tales his huge hands and cruelly
  squeezes and mashes her painfully welted fat buttock flesh. Jon is ready to
  unload and climax his entire load of smelly-hot cum and he brutally thrusts
  his slimy ten inch prick shaft all the way down and into Nicole's traumatized
  asshole bowels. He explodes and floods Nicole's reamed shit-chute. Nicole is
  screaming and bucking with pain-pleasure&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
 Part 7  
Poor little Nicole's beaten buttocks and thigh flesh would take many days
  to heal. But heal they would until the next Punishment Session perpretrated
  by Jon's perverted mind. After the Sodomy Session, Jon had instructed her to
  take a scalding hot shower and apply the punishment salve to the whipped meat.
  He informed her to meet him in the sound-proof Breast Punishment Room in the
  basement at 8:00 pm. She was ordered to wear only white cotton sweat pants,
  nothing else. Jon had not disciplined her huge and sensitive mammaries for
  over a month. She anticipated, correctly, that Jon was going to inflict terrible
  and merciless punishment on the plump fleshy bags that were her breasts.  
Trembling, 5'2" Nicole walked down the basement steps and met Jon in B-P
  room. The frigis airconditioned temperatue made her huge titiies more prominent,
  standing high on her diminutive frame and chest, the fleshy spongy mounds saggin
  onto her ribbed chest cage; the large dark sweat-gland -crinkled aero;les protruding
  and puffy, the long dark-pink tootie-roll sized nipples pointed and turgid,
  just imperceptibly lactating. The skin of her ultra-sensitive titty flesh was
  smooth, flawless, olive colored and blue-veined; and totally unblemished. Not
  for long. Nicole shuddered thinking of what Jon had in mind fro her precious
  possessions.  
"It's time Nicole. It's been too long. You know it and I know it. You know
  what my needs are, don't you Nicole?"  
"Yes, Sir, my love."  
"Nicole, I am going to torture yout tittiess tonight. They will be punished
  in severity, duration and in ways you cannot even imagine. Are you ready, Nicole."  
"If that pleases you, Sir." Nicole is tearing and trembling.  
Jon,s rigis purple-veined cock is already leaking pre-ejaculate. He picks
  up the smell of sex wafting from the mouth of her fat-swollen cunt. As cold
  has the air was in the B-P Room, a patina of perspiration had broken out on
  the goosh flesh of Nicole's beautiful mammary flesh bags.  
The B-P room floor was diamond-plate stainless steel. The walls and ceiling
  were made of a blue high-tech acoustical sound-absorbing material. The interior
  furnishings and accoutrements were all made of surgical quality stainless steel;
  something that might remind one of a modular surgical facility or gynecologic
  examination room.  
Jon walked over to his little pain-toy wife and lifted each of her beautiful
  soft orbs in each of his hands, massaging and kneading the ubelieveable erotic
  soft, spongy but resielnt tit-flesh, slowing increasing the pressure until
  her breast meat spilled over and through his hands like putty. More pressure
  and incrasily more pressure, starting to create and leave re markings; now
  moving to Nicole's obscenely erotic nipples, applying what can only be described
  as vice like pressure on the swellin calf-like teats, having a milking effect
  as the end of the dard red nipples emit dripping thick lactating fluid.  
Nicole will not be ball-gagged or duct-taped tonight. He wants to hear her
  screams tonight. Jon drops his head down and begins to suckle and worry Nicoles
  right puffy areole and nipple. His front incissors begin to nip and tug. He
  continues to suck and suckle both of her areole-nipple meat. He begins to now
  bite down with increasing ferocity, the front teetch sinking into the nipple
  teat. Meat. He is attacking her fleah but not breaking the skin, leaving teeth
  bruises and markings. The suckling is causing Nicoles mammarries to emit a
  full thick steam of sweet pungent lactating cream. Jon eagly drinks and vacumn
  suckles his wife's milk. He is just warming-up his little Nicole.  
Jon Velcro straps her hands around to her back; he velcors her elbows and
  moves highr and tightly velcros her upper arms. Nicoles plump fleshy tit bags
  are now thrust out more prominenrtly from her chest. Her mammaries are begging
  to be tormented and tortured, endlessly. Jon reaches over to one of the small
  stainless steel surgical trays and draws back the startched white towel. A
  glistening set of ten thin, surgicall sharp sterling silver needles of incremnental
  sizes are laid out. He picks up the smallest one, no larger than a shirt-pin.
  He wraps and encases his left hand around Nicles right areole orb and squeezes
  hard. The nipple-teat is blood engogred and imprisoned. Jon brings the tighy
  needle verticalyl down onto and into the outer edge of the crinkly areole,
  effortlessly pushing it into the sof flesh a full quarter of an inch. Joon
  begins to randonmlu jabe the vicious needle randomly but thoroughly into the
  areole flesh. Poor little Nicole is writhing in pain and singin a scream. Jon
  continues to methodically imprint her areole with the sharp needle leaving
  an almost indiscernible microsici trail of blood welts. He presses down harder
  on the tit-orb, her nipple engoreged to the size of a cow-teat and now almost
  two inches long.. Jon pushes the needle into the side of Nicoles swollen rubbery
  nipple; the need le effortlessly goes right through. Jonbegins to jab the needle
  over and over sideways through the the pain-wracked nipple teat. Nicole cannot
  cease her screaming aria. Nicoles fat labia-major are slippery slick with her
  cunt jugo. She is warming up. Jon smiles. Jon starts to leave each needle in
  and grabs one after another. When his feverish efforts are completed Nicole's
  elongated right nipple has fifteen tiny needles produing through. A good start.
  The beginning of the beginning.  
Jon goes to one the stainless steel cabinets and reaches for one of the fifty
  or so razor-sharped edged Lucite rullers. He has had these speciaaly machined
  so the edges are indeed razor sharp. Jon is going to aggressively spank the
  the full voluptius topsides of Nicole's soft blemish-free tit meat. He must
  bring the ruler down perfectly straight or it will cut the plump heavy titi
  bgas. He begins the tit spanking. Perfect. The first hard spank lands perfectly
  with great force, sinking into Nicoles equisite titty meat, leaving a two inch
  wide red welt demarcated on the edges with a perfect red line where edge cut
  into the surface of the sensitive mammary tit meat. Jon continues with stataccto
  precision to covr every squeare inch of Nicoles large fleshy top-side breast
  meat  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  johnny payne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





