BDSM Library - Julie




Julie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Julie is an average teenage girl in the orphanage, with no idea of her unusual past. When a twisted criminal begins kidnapping her friends, she begins to experience a world she never knew existed and learns of the strange abilities she possesses.
Julie

Chapter 1 - Enter Game



Julie was found lying between her dead mothers legs on the floor of the little
flat her mother had owned. No-one could find the father, so Julie was sent to an
orphanage where she spent the first years of her life. At age 15 she was
transferred to a larger institution for orphaned teens and above. No-one ever
noticed that she didn't get sick when all the other children did, or the fact
that she was much more intelligent than everyone else even though she received
the same education, which was very little.

Not even Julie noticed anything different about herself, until a week before her
18th birthday.



Julie and her friend Kate were walking back from the shops near to the
Orphanage, dirty snow crunching beneath their feet. They were both eagerly
licking lollypops they had bought with their savings, when from around a corner
emerged a group of about a dozen boys.

This was not unusual for gangs to patrol the streets, in fact it would be an
unusual day if they didn't encounter such a gang, and the two of them, Julie
tall, pale, and black haired, and Kate  average height, brown haired, tanned
beauty, stepped out of the way to let them past without a second glance.

But the boys stopped in front of the girls, standing silently.

The girls paused, and looked for a way to go around, but the gang effectively
blocked the entire street.

"Um, you're in the way," Kate spoke out, annoyance touching her voice. Silence
greeted her back.

As one, the gang began to spread out around the girls.

Julie turned around to see the two sides meet behind them; they were surrounded.
A thrill of fear ran through her. The guys stared back at her hungrily.

"Hey, get the hell out of the way," Kate growled and shoved one of the boys in
the shoulder. Immediately, hands flashed out and shoved her back to the middle.
Kate staggered and fell; the lollypop dropped to the ground, already forgotten.

She turned to glare at the guy who shoved her, but Julie saw the fear in her
deep green eyes. They were just two girls against a dozen of them.

"It's dangerous to walk the streets alone," one of the guys said confidently. He
was taller and heavier build than the others; obviously the leader. He fingered
the handle on one of several knifes protruding from his belt. Julie turned to
face him.

"Its' people like you who make the streets dangerous," she told him shortly. He
pulled out the knife and brandished it at her.

"Bitch has a tongue. Let's see what else she's got." He took a step towards her,
and the circle tightened ominously. Julie cursed herself for saying that; it
would just make him angry. Better to be quiet.

"Take off your shirt," he commanded Julie. Her eyes narrowed.

"Fuck off," she said defiantly, discarding her acquiescence and flashing
startling purple eyes at him in anger. With a step he had his arm around her
head, pressing the sharp edge of the knife against her soft neck.  Julie heard
Kates' stifled whimper behind her. The guy leant close to her head.

"Take off your shirt, or you'll live to regret it," he whispered. Julie spat in
his face. Caught by surprise, he stepped back to wipe the spit off his face.

"Bitch needs to learn respect for her elders," he told her dangerously, and
balled a fist. Julie gasped as his hand flashed up to catch her in the chest,
knocking the breath from her lungs. With the other hand he brought the knife up,
intending to place it against her ribs threateningly.

Julies hand beat him to it, flashing underneath her protectively. Without
flinching she caught the knife blade in her hand, the razor-sharp edge digging
into her skin. Blood began trickling from between her clenched fingers
instantly.

She heard several people hiss in surprise as she forced her bleeding hand with
the knife up to his face. Blood poured down their arms as she stared into his
eyes and spat in his face again. The guy stared at her in horror, dropping the
knife and backing away slowly.

"Let's get the hell out of here," someone hissed, and the group began to
disperse.

"You're going down, you freaky-eyed bitch," the leader told them as he backed
away. "No-one insults me." He turned and bolted off to disappear around the
corner, looking less tough without his gang.

Julie dropped the bloody knife onto the ground like it had become hot. Kate
clambered up off the rough bitumen and with a cry ran to her friend.

Julie held her hand up to stare at it. The bleeding had already stopped now that
the knife was no longer keeping the wound open. As they gaped, the deep gash
melted together, skin tightening and the blood sank into Julies' skin. She stood
to look at her friend.

Kate was staring with a mix of horror and happiness. She had just been saved
from almost certain rape, only to discover her friend had freaky healing powers.
Julie was just as surprised.

"How... did...you..." Kate stammered, her eyes wide and staring like she had
just discovered a monster.

"I don't know," Julie replied shakily, turning her hand to study the pink
slashes across her palm and fingers that were rapidly fading.

Kate took a step back, breathing heavily. Julie looked up pleadingly.

"Don't go," she whispered. Kate seemed to struggle with herself for a moment,
her face twisting in despair.

"Shit," she cursed and embraced Julie in a hug. Weird healing abilities aside,
they were lucky to be alive.

 "We should get back," Julie said, breaking the hug. Kate nodded, and they
silently began the walk back to the orphanage, leaving two forgotten lollypops
on the road.



That night, Kate threw her blankets over Julie's bed and slid in next to her.
The two naked girls cuddled together under the sheets to keep warm. Outside it
had begun to snow, blanketing the ground with a pristine white. The temperature
was dropping rapidly, causing the old building to creak as it cooled.

"You're very warm," Kate whispered in the dark. Julie giggled.

"You're not," she replied and snuggled closer to her friend, feeling Kates'
breasts against her back, nipples hard. Kates' cold fingers ran over Julie's
thigh, causing her to squeal with the cold.

"Don't do that," Julie hissed, feigning anger. "You'll wake someone!"

"Sorry," Kate whispered. "There's no one here though."

"There is next door!" The girls lived in a room for one and somehow the
orphanage had crammed two beds in there, although Kate rarely slept in hers
lately.

"Care to share any of that warmth?" Kate asked, smiling in the darkness. Julie
laughed softly, but didn't move. Kate was silent for a moment.

"About today..." she trailed off. Julie shifted uncomfortably.

"I don't know what happened," Julie whispered. "There wasn't any... wrong
feeling, it was natural."

"Can... can you do it to someone else?" Kate spoke softly now. The chance of
someone hearing was small, but possible.

"I don't know. I... I think so," Julie replied.

They were silent for a few minutes, and then Kate curled her still cold hand
around Julie's thigh again, making her squeak in surprise.

"You're freezing," Julie complained with a smile, curling up closer to her
friend and squashing her friend's breasts against her.

The wind began to pick up outside, making the old building creak and groan anew
under the stress. The air whistled through the gaps in the small window across
the room, snow pattering against the misted glass and making both girls huddle
closer together.

The door creaked noisily and opened, admitting a tall man in through the dark.
Julie sat up in bed, instantly awake and holding the blanket over her chest.

"What do you want?" she hissed, peering at the shadow. Three others stepped in
behind the figure. They all filed into the cramped room and closed the door.

"There's no point screaming," the figure said in a gruff voice, making her heart
jump. "Everyone is asleep now, and you know as well as I the walls are brick."
The orphanage at night was always deathly quiet; the entire building was thick
wooden doors and heavy brick.

Two of the figures stepped forwards and ripped the covers off the bed, exposing
the two naked girls underneath. Kate squealed in fright and curled into a
protective ball, covering her small teenage breasts with her knees. Julie stared
at them angrily, not bothering to hide herself.

"Well, well, quite the little sluts aren't we," one of them said. The others
chuckled. Then the two grabbed Kate's feet and pulled her off the bed. She
screamed in fright and tried to kick them, but they were strong and flung her
onto the other bed. The remaining two boys pounced on Julie and pinned her to
the bed, one sitting on her legs, the other holding her arms tight behind her
back.

"This one's Kate," one of the boys said, holding her head painfully up by the
hair and ignoring her thrashing.

"Well Julie, you'll get to witness your friend here loose her virginity." Kate
screamed in horror and began squirming as the boy held her arms above her head.

"Please, don't hurt me," Kate pleaded futilely to him, making him laugh
derisively.

"Don't hurt her, please," Julie begged them, struggling weakly. "Please! I'll...
I'll let you fuck me." They all laughed then.

"Oh, we'll all fuck you anyway," the boy behind her said and tightened his grip
on her arms.

In the dim light she saw the first guy drop his pants to the floor. The shadow
of his erect cock stuck out from his body, and when Kate saw it she began
struggling anew. He climbed onto the bed in front of Kate and effortlessly
parted her legs, exposing her lightly covered mound. She was yelling at the top
of her lungs hysterically now, kicking and squirming against his grip.

Julie could see well in the dark, and watched in silent horror as he drove his
cock into her friends' virgin body, taking her virtue with a swift stroke. Kate
wailed in pain, tears pouring down her face as he began a frantic pumping
motion.

"Oh, she's so tight," he grunted approvingly, increasing his pace. The room was
silent except for Kate's soft mews, the boys' heavy breathing and the sound of
his hips slamming into her defenceless body.

 Within minutes he grunted and deposited his load deep within her, then took his
place holding Kate whilst she was raped by the other boy. He came quickly which
annoyed him. With a swift stroke, he smacked Kate across the head and she
collapsed on the bed, nearly unconscious.

Julie moaned desperately as the guy sitting on her legs climbed off and began
undressing. Jumping back onto the bed, he spread her legs forcefully before he
plunged two fingers into her pussy. His rough skin rasped painfully against her
silky insides.

 "What a whore," he said. "She's real wet." The other boys snickered as Julie
blushed red with shame.

"Suck, whore," he commanded, holding up his glistening fingers to her mouth.

When Julie clamped her mouth shut, he smacked her hard across the cheek, making
her gasp. The world spun dangerously as he opened her mouth and stuck his
fingers in. She tasted herself on his skin, making her stomach twist.

"Suck it now or your friend gets fucked again," the boy said angrily.
Reluctantly, Julie sucked her juices off his fingers, tears trickling down the
side of her face; anything for Kate.

She felt him move on the bed, and then gasped in pain as he thrust into her
body, breaking her cherry in one violent stab. He pushed roughly into her body,
stretching her womanhood painfully around his girth.

Julie spent the whole time wishing him dead, and hoping she wouldn't get
pregnant from this.

He grunted suddenly, pushing against her roughly. She felt him cum inside her,
filling her with the unwanted liquid.

The boy climbed off her and was replaced by another eagerly thrusting penis,
depositing his load in her unresisting loins. The boys all fucked her body
several times before dressing again.

"See you later whores," one of them said with a wave and closed the door,
leaving the two ravaged girls in the dark, cum dripping from their holes.

Once she was sure they were gone, Julie climbed over to her shivering friend.
Strongly she lifted her friends' weak and battered form onto the bed and wrapped
the blankets around them both. Julie's hand slid down to cup her friends' tender
pussy, making Kate squeal in surprise as her friend's hand left a trail of
warmth behind it.

Kate sobbed into her friends shoulder as two fingers penetrated her moist hole.
Julie moved her fingers around gently, feeling the raw skin of Kates' insides
cool and heal.

"Oh, Kate," Julie whispered to her, rubbing the swelling bruise on her forehead
away. Now that she knew of her abilities, she didn't hesitate to use them. It
felt right. But she couldn't heal the emotional damage of the violation.

"How could they..." Kate sobbed. Julie hugged her friend close, wrapping her
legs around her pelvis as she felt the warmth return to the skin against her.

"Don't worry. You're alright now."

"Thank you," she whispered.

"Thanks for what?" Julie asked her.

"For standing up for me, when they..." she trailed off with a sob, burying her
head in the pillow. Julie shifted closer and kissed her on the cheek.

"I'll always stand up for you," Julie told her friend lovingly, and snuggled
closer to sleep, drawing the blankets around them both.



The morning light revealed four older boys dead in their beds, causing chaos in
the orphanage.

Julie and Kate sat together in at breakfast, eating silently. They exchanged
meaningful glances as they were informed of the news by the headmistress.

Everyone was surprised, but not too many shed any tears over the event, least of
all the two friends; none of the boys was particularly liked.

The police hung around through breakfast asking everyone about the boys' recent
activities. Signs of drug usage were found on the boys and in their sleeping
quarters, but the police ruled out an overdose early on.

They found traces of sex on the boys though, and suspected some sort of STD due
to the poor hygiene rules in the orphanage. Men in formal suits inspected the
building and its' occupants throughout the day, frowning and writing on their
clipboards in distaste.

The headmistress emerged, red faced and angry from her office after a meeting
with some of the official-looking people, and called an immediate assembly.

Julie sat in the cold dining hall where they ate every day, head down
day-dreaming on the table as the head-mistress ranted about the poor hygiene of
many of them.

"The government officials have decided to put you all through a full cleaning
and examination to ensure your health." There were groans of dismay throughout
the hall.

"No complaints. This is your own fault. If you followed the rules this would
never have happened."

Julie didn't like the sound of this.



--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading this story and picking up my silly mistakes.

--




Chapter 2 - Questionable Ethics



A week later, Kate stood in the doctor's room nervously in her hospital gown,
her eyes roaming over the cabinets filled with gleaming steel implements of
unknown usage. Julie stepped out from behind the changing screen, fiddling with
the thin pale green garment.

"This is way too small," she groaned, still trying to close the gown over her
naked bottom. She sighed, giving up; the gown was simply too small to cover her
entire body. What a way to spend my birthday, she thought sadly.

The door opened to allow in a young woman carrying a clipboard. She looked down
at it, absently brushing back her shoulder-length blonde hair. Her tight, white
uniform made her instantly recognisable as a nurse.

"Kate, you're first," said the Nurse with a half-hearted smile. "Hop up on a
table and the Doctor will be with you shortly." Kate glanced to Julie nervously,
but complied, lifting herself onto one of the gynaecologist's tables. The gown
rode up, giving Julie a glimpse of her friends' privates before she hurriedly
pulled it back down.

The Nurse began collecting things from the glass cabinets above the sink against
left wall. Kate looked around the room. In one corner there was a tiled area,
where a shower handle hung from the wall by a silver hose, with several
different coloured taps below it.  On either side there were silver handles to
hold on to. A thick silver grate covered a drain underneath the shower to catch
the water. Beside the shower, sticking slightly out of the floor was a long and
narrow trough down the middle with water in it, like a bidet. Pads were along
the sides so the user could squat over it without hurting their thighs. Whoever
had to use either device would have no privacy, and Kate had a feeling she would
be experiencing them first-hand.

The Doctor entered the room just then, locking the door behind him.

"Hello girls," he said absently, taking the clipboard from the Nurse and
glancing over it. "Oh, more dirty little girls from the orphanage," he muttered,
putting down the clipboard and turning to the nurse. "They need showers so use
the green soap on these two, and then start their enemas. Give them two of the
usual, and then call me." He paused whilst the Nurse nodded. "Oh, don't forget
to check their temperatures before their enema."

The Nurse nodded again, waiting until the door closed behind the doctor before
turning to the two suddenly very shy girls.

"OK then... Julie, you can go first since you're standing up." Julie heard Kate
sigh in relief. "Drop the gown and go stand by the shower," she instructed, and
then began sliding her arms into red elbow-length rubber gloves.

Julie undid the gown she had spent so much time arranging so it didn't display
her body to the world and let it drop to the ground, exposing her pale skin to
the fluorescent lights. Her full breasts stuck out from her chest, almost
defiant of gravity. Dark areolae surrounded small, pink nipples that hardened
quickly in the cold air. Her small hips flowed into long legs that surrounded
and highlighted the dark V of her pubic hair.

Shivering, she walked over to the shower, her bare feet slapping against the
tiles, one hand covering her naked breasts protectively.

The Nurse was now dressed in thin red rubber pants with attached boots, a rubber
coat which had the gloves pulled over the arms, and her hair held up in a
hairnet.

Julies' eyes widened in fear at the clothing the woman was now wearing. Just
what was in this soap?

"Turn around and face the wall," the Nurses commanded, any trace of kindness
gone from her voice. Hesitantly Julie turned away, nervous about turning her
back on the woman for some reason.

The Nurse stood beside Julie and took the shower handle, turning on the first
tap. Julie expected acid or something else dangerous, but it was simply hot
water.

She stood unhappily as the Nurse ran the water over her naked body.

"Hands on the handles and spread your legs," the Nurse commanded again.
Blushing, Julie leaned forward and assumed the humiliating position, exposing
her behind and genitals to the woman, who began washing her down with warm
water.

The Nurse then turned the tap off and twisted the one below. The handle
sputtered before emitting a foul smelling dark-green liquid that made Julie want
to gag.

"Stand still," the Nurse told her, and began covering Julie with the liquid. It
was cool on her skin at first, then her skin began to itch; an unpleasant warm
sensation spreading as the liquid covered her. Her throat itched every time she
breathed in, and left a sharp taste in her mouth.

The nurse rubbed her gloved hand deeply in between Julies' butt cheeks, making
her squirm in discomfort as the liquid touched her sensitive hole.

"Ah, that hurts," Julie complained, blinking tears from her eyes that weren't
all from the noxious smell.

"Quiet! You need a good cleaning, you dirty little orphanage slut," the Nurse
spat, raising the handle to Julies' face and making her squeal in pain.

"Hands down," she commanded and washed down Julies' hands.

Thankfully the tap was turned off, but only for the nurse to begin scrubbing
Julie's raw skin with a cloth that felt like a steel brush against her sensitive
skin. The nurse ran the cloth roughly between Julies' legs, making her shriek in
brief agony. Her hands dropped protectively to cover herself and were batted
away by the Nurse.

Finally the torture ended, and the tap was switched back to water. Julie sighed
happily as the Nurse washed the awful liquid off.

But it wasn't over yet. The Nurse slid a hairnet over Julies' head, capturing
her long hair and began coating her rosy red skin with a thick liquid that
tingled soothingly.

"Hands on the handles again," she was told, and had her underarms washed.

The nurse began hosing it off Julies' now bright pink skin, holding the gently
flowing water over the girl's pussy. As Julie watched in stunned silence, her
pubic hair fell away from her skin, swirling around her feet before disappearing
forever down the drain.

The Nurse towelled her dry like a child in silence and then slid off the gloves,
depositing them in a bin.

"Hop up on the table, Julie," the nurse instructed.

Julie slowly walked over, running her hands over her completely hairless skin in
wonder. Her entire body felt cleaner than ever before; she didn't think that her
skin had ever been quite the same colour.

Julie climbed up onto the table and waited, arms self-consciously covering her
denuded labia. The nurse began filling a big enema bag with water. Julie and
Kate had no idea what an enema was, and both watched the Nurse with trepidation.

"Feet up in the stirrups," the Nurse called, adding something from a bottle to
the half-full bag and giving it a thorough shaking before hanging it from an IV
pole, tube dangling free in the air. Julie shakily slid back on the leather seat
and lifted her naked feet up into the steel cups in front of her, blushing at
the exposure.

The Nurse tightened Velcro straps around her ankles then moved the stirrups
apart and up, spreading the humiliated girl wide and forcing her to lie back on
the leather padding. The tendons in her legs strained in the unnatural position
painfully.

The Nurse picked up a thick glass thermometer and dipped it fatter end into a
jar of jelly. "Just relax," she said, bending down to insert the glass tube in
the horrified girl's behind.

"Hey!" Julie exclaimed, sitting up uncomfortably. "Can't I just use a normal
thermometer?"

"No, you may not," the Nurse snapped in annoyance, rubbing the tip around
Julies' pink orifice to lubricate it. "This is the most accurate way of getting
a reading. Now be quiet and let me do my job, girl. We're very busy and don't
have time to explain everything." The Nurse then slid the thermometer in with a
quiet slurp.

Julie squealed as the cold glass probe slid into her body, her face warming
again with shame. Kate watched nervously, eyes wide in fascination and fear.

Then the Nurse turned to Kate.

"OK, gown off and in the shower," she ordered the startled girl, her voice
strong and commanding. Nervously she slid off the table and reached behind to
undo the Velcro, face warming.

The Nurse had put on a fresh set of gloves and stood waiting as the gown dropped
to the ground. Kate's skin showed a dirty pink under the fluorescent lights;
neither girl had had a shower for several days since the bathroom facilities
were currently being upgraded, and as a result her skin wasn't particularly
clean.

The Nurse ushered the scared teen underneath the handle and began washing her
down with the water.

Kate stood quivering, hands on the handles and legs spread.

The Nurse put the handle down and returned to Julie. The thermometer was plucked
out from the pink-faced girl with a slurp and the temperature noted down. Then
she took the strange nozzle in one hand and deftly slid the tip into Julies'
rectum.

"Hey, what are you doing!?" Julie protested, violet eyes looking down over her
breasts at the woman leaning down between her legs.

"I'm giving you your enema, now be quiet and sit still, or I will be forced to
restrain you." Julies' eyes widened at the sudden anger in the woman's voice,
and wondered why she was so nasty. Then all thought was banished as the intruder
in her behind began growing in size.

She bit her bottom lip to stop her question from escaping, as the nozzle grew
even larger until she was sure it could never come out.

The Nurse twisted the valve with one gloved hand, releasing the water. A
pleasant warm feeling made itself known in her behind, and she relaxed slightly.
This wasn't too bad, she thought. She preferred this to the shower. At least
that horrible woman wasn't touching her.

The Nurse returned to the quivering Kate and began hosing her down with the foul
smelling liquid, making Kate squeal in discomfort. The Nurse regularly told the
poor girl to be quiet but to no avail.

Julie began feeling a growing pressure in her belly, as well as a strange
sensation. Suddenly her stomach cramped, making her squeeze her face in pain.
The liquid tickled inside her now, and Julie was willing to bet that the bottle
that had been added to the enema was the same foul liquid she had been bathed in
earlier.

A cold sweat broke out across her naked skin as another cramp hit seemingly
straight afterwards, although several minutes had passed, and still the bag
continued to drain into her protesting bowels. She was breathing heavily as it
ended. She now knew the reason for the expanding nozzle; she would never be able
to keep it in normally.

She never noticed that the bag gurgled empty, or that Kate had finished her
cleaning ordeal and was led over to the table by an unexplainably angry nurse.

"You are a very badly behaved girl, you little whores from the orphanage have no
self control," she berated the crying teenager, pushing her back down onto the
waiting table.

Kates' arms were lifted above her head by the Nurse, and quickly secured in
padded leather cuffs on opposite sides of the table. Kate shrieked in surprise,
yanking disbelievingly against the cuffs. Straps locked her ankles into the
stirrups. Then a white, round ball with straps hanging from either side was
produced from underneath the table.

Kates' eyes widened in horror, and she began crying hysterically. The Nurse,
muttering underneath her breath, slid the gag into place with practiced ease and
buckled it shut. An extra strap underneath the girls' breasts secured her to the
padded table tightly.

Satisfied her patient wasn't going anywhere, the Nurse brightened considerably
and in a short space of time had a thermometer in the crying girl's anus and had
removed her rubber clothing, returning to the pristine white uniform.

She turned to the seemingly dozing Julie, whose entire world had contracted to
the intruder lodged in her butt. The Nurse lowered and unstrapped her legs,
rousing the girl, and led the shaky Julie over to the low trough. With a gentle
pressure on Julies' back she lowered the girl down onto her knees, legs spread
over the trough facing the wall, the tip of the nozzle with attached tube
protruding from her spread buttocks.

Julie leant forwards under insistence from the Nurse, squashing her breasts
against the padded bar that was placed to support her. She suddenly realised, as
the Nurse began deflating the nozzle, that this position put the entire room in
prime viewing position for her expulsion.

"Can I turn around please!?" Julie pleaded to the Nurse over her shoulder,
purple eyes wide with dread.

"Silence!" she demanded, and yanked the tube from Julie's behind, causing a
torrent of fetid water to burst forth from her body.

Julie cried in shame as her body took over, expelling air, shit and water in a
series of powerful cramps that left her gasping. Thankfully the Nurse left to
check Kates' temperature and begin her enema, but she returned straight away to
supervise Julies' humiliation.

Julies' entire focus was on the removal of every drop of liquid from her anus.
She could feel the Nurses' dispassionate gaze on her back, watching as the last
of the liquid escaped. When she was satisfied Julie was finished, the Nurse
wiped Julie dry with paper towel which served to further humiliate the poor
girl.

Once Julie was lying down and receiving her larger second enema, the Nurse freed
Kate to expel.

She led the humiliated Kate over to the trough by one arm, pushing her down to
squat on it facing the wall. Kate was mortified as the enema nozzle was pulled
from her behind, releasing the foul liquid from it's confinement in her body.

Her face was bright red with tears running down her cheeks as she voided herself
in full view of the Nurse and Julie, making loud splashes and farting noises.
Once the Nurse was satisfied she was empty, she let Kate stand up, and turned to
glance at Julie. Seizing the opportunity, Kate gave a squeal and dived for the
door. The Nurse stood calmly, watching as Kate reached the door and began
fumbling with the handle with her cuffed hands. It took several frantic moments
before Kate realised that the door was locked. She turned to glance at the
Nurse, her eyes wild, before she collapsed to the floor, burying her face in her
hands and sobbing in defeat.

 "Silly girl," the Nurse scolded. "People pay good money to have exactly this
treatment, and you little sluts are getting it for free. You should be grateful,
but instead you resist."

She strode over to the girl slumped against the door and lifted her by one
shoulder, pulling her none too gently to the table and strapping her down again.

Once the nozzle was firmly embedded in her behind once again, the Nurse unlocked
the door and walked out, leaving the door slightly open. Both girls watched in
horror as people walked past, ignorant of the feast of female flesh that lay
just through the door.

She returned two long minutes later, trailing the Doctor and a young red-head
that Julie recognised from the orphanage, carrying her clothes in her arms. The
girls' blue eyes widened when she saw the two teens, one tightly bound, before
passing a knowing glance at them and blushing furiously, smoothing the hospital
gown over her nudity as she looked away.

Julie tried to recall the girl's name whilst the Doctor fussed around in a
cabinet, not giving the slightest indication he had noticed his two patients.
After several moments he produced a syringe.

"Bend over and touch your toes," he told the poor girl, who reluctantly bent
forwards, allowing the gown to ride up over her tight buttocks, exposing her
strangely red behind to the girls, depilated mound nestled unhappily between her
tightly closed legs.

The Doctor shortly emptied the syringe' contents into her right cheek, making
the girl whimper in pain.

He slapped her cheek with one hand, making her yelp in surprise.

"OK, you can get dressed now." Red faced, she nodded and quickly disappeared
behind the changing screen.

Julies' enema had drained several minutes ago, so she waited quietly to be
released, her stomach churning painfully. The Nurse detached the tube after what
seemed an eternity and released her legs. She followed Julie as the teen waddled
uncomfortably over to the trough, squatting down without further encouragement.
The nozzle deflated with a hiss.

"Mm-mm," Julie moaned in appreciation as the pressure inside her was released.
Just then, the girl emerged from behind the curtain to gape at the squatting
Julie in horror and fascination.

Julie blushed in shame and turned to stare at the tiles, her entire body
warming.

"Unless you would like another punishment miss, I suggest you leave now," the
Doctor said in a low tone. The girl jumped; her face filling with horror.
Hastily she dashed from the room, slamming the door behind her.

Chuckling to himself, he bent over Kate, flashing a light in her eyes. Defiantly
she tried to shut them, but the Doctor easily pulled back her eyelids with
gloved fingers.

"Now Kate, have you ever had any strange discharge from your nipples?" the
Doctor queried Kate, as he began gently feeling her breasts. Kate glanced
nervously at the Nurse, before shaking her head.

Finishing his probing, he began feeling underneath her raised arms before
feeling her neck.

The Nurse directed Julie to the table and began her final enema whilst the
Doctor examined Kate.

Kate moaned unhappily at him, the enema filling her colon was becoming
unbearable.

"Patience, I haven't forgotten," he reassured her tersely, noting that Kate was
biting heavily on the gag, muscles rippling in her cheeks. He finished listening
to her heart then signalled the Nurse he was ready. Instead of releasing Kate,
she pulled a bedpan out from underneath the table and slid out a steel grate
from underneath Kate for it to sit on.

Kate moaned in abject humiliation as the nozzle was removed and she voided her
bowels into the steel tray. The Doctor raised an eyebrow at this.

"She tried to escape," the Nurse explained casually. The Doctor sniffed in
approval.

The Nurse took the tray away with a barely-disguised look of satisfaction as the
Doctor slid a speculum into Kate's unprotected vagina, opening it uncomfortably
wide and peering around with the light.

After several embarrassing questions and a lot of poking in both orifices, the
speculum was withdrawn.

The Doctor filled another syringe and injected it into Kates' defenceless
behind, before announcing her free to go.

Not bothering to hide her disappointment the Nurse unstrapped Kate and removed
her gag. Quickly Kate ran off to dress, crying in shame, leaving Julie
momentarily alone with the two adults.

The Doctor began feeling her breasts, asking the same questions he asked Kate.
She blushed at some of them, but tried to answer truthfully.

He picked up a clean speculum and with practiced ease lubricated it and slid it
into her moist sex, opening her wide. She felt a prickle inside as he took a
sample to be examined. He then began feeling her glands, squeezing and poking
her uncomfortably.

Satisfied, he then pulled back the skin on her clit, exposing her moist bud to
the cool air. Happy with what he saw, he released her clit and allowed her to
get up to expel the enema.

She waddled over to the humiliating trough and crouched over it as the nurse
deflated the nozzle.

Julie soon found herself on the table once again, with the Doctors fingers
uncomfortably in her anus. Another finger slid in, and he began feeling around
inside her. Thankfully this didn't last long, and with a gentle jerk he withdrew
and pulled off the gloves.

Lastly, he filled a syringe and injected it into her butt, making her wince in
pain as the liquid entered her body.

"All done," he announced. "Hurry up and get dressed, we have other patients to
attend to."

Julie slid off the table just as Kate returned from behind the screen. Kate
waited impatiently as she dressed, and together they left hurriedly.



"The shorter one will be perfect," the Doctor remarked as he leant lazily
against the table that had earlier restrained Kate. The Nurse nodded in
agreement.

"I don't know about the one with the Purple eyes though," the Nurse said,
cleaning the instruments absently. "There's something different about her." The
Doctor muttered thoughtfully.



--

Thanks to RedEva for proof-reading this story and poking me when I don't write
fast enough.

--




Chapter 3 - Unwilling Goods



Julie arrived back at the Orphanage to find it very subdued. There were no girls
around in the halls apart from the headmistress, wielding her cane dangerously.
There weren't too many people who hadn't tasted it against their naked buttocks.
Julie had so far avoided the cane, and she planned to keep it that way.

Kate headed straight for bed, even though it was only mid-afternoon.

Julie was feeling quite drained after that strange examination. She could bet
that was not the typical check-up that girls get, but for the moment, food was
the top priority.

The dining hall was nearly empty, echoing with the drum of rain falling on the
roof. Julie shivered as she walked in; it was always colder in there than the
rest of the building. People were scattered around the tables, huddled in small
groups and talking quietly.

Julie glanced over them as she walked to the kitchen. She raised an eyebrow as
she spotted the red-haired girl from the "Doctors" surgery siting alone. She
collected a small plate of food and then sat down next to the girl.

"Hi there, I'm Julie," she introduced herself. Julie still couldn't remember her
name.

"Susan," she replied without looking up from staring at the table. Her shoulders
were tight, her small hands clenched together on the tabletop. Julie was silent
for a moment.

"You okay?" she asked concernedly, sliding a hand across to pry apart the girls'
hands.

Susan looked up, recognition flashing across her face. Susan slid down the bench
and buried her head in Julie's shoulder, her hands clutching the taller girls in
a death-grip.

"Oh, it was horrible," she cried, her voice muffled by Julie's thick coat. Julie
hugged the distressed girl close, listening.

"They made me sit on that... that thing..." Susan buried her head further into
Julies' shoulder, her hands clenching and relaxing spasmodically.

"It was... was inside me..." Her voice cracked in recollection. "So very big...
and then the woman came... wearing all black and she..." Susan trailed off into
incoherent sobbing.

"What did she do?" Julie gently queried. Susan looked up then, her eyes wide
with remembered horror.

"I enjoyed it," she moaned. "It did things, and I enjoyed them... so very
big..." Susan trailed off with a whisper and buried her head in Julie's shoulder
again.

"When... was this, Susan?" Julie asked after a pause. Something disturbing had
happened to this girl.

"Before... before I saw you in that room," Susan replied, her voice muffled.

Julie blushed, remembering just what Susan had seen. She ate a mouthful of food
as Susan slowly related the story.

"A Nurse... washed me with some stuff," Susan spoke softly, her voice shaky as
she choked back tears.

"Then the Doctor came and put me on one of those... tables... and he touched me
all over... then he made me sit on that... that thing, and it was so big, and
then it felt so good..." she broke off with a soft moan.

"Then that woman came... and I panicked... and I ran... and she caught me..."
Susan began speaking quicker, her breath coming in ragged bursts.

"And... and she... she put this... this thing in my mouth... and I couldn't
scream... and then..." she halted with a wail, one hand protectively touching
her behind. Julie put two and two together, and...

"She spanked you?" Julie asked softly.

"Yes!" Susan lost control and began crying, her tears dripping irregularly onto
Julies' coat. Julie looked around briefly, seeing that some of the other girls
were watching them with haunted expressions.

"And then..." Susan continued, choking back tears. "Then... then she filled
my... my... with water... and she watched... and it was awful and I never want
to go back there again!" She returned to sobbing into Julies' coat.

Julie held Susan tight with one hand as she devoured the contents of her plate
with the other, concern clouding her thoughts. Her brow furled in thought.



That night, Julie lay huddled in bed next to the restlessly sleeping Kate. The
building creaked around them as yet another blizzard swept in across the
slumbering city. Idly Julie stared through the misted glass of their single
window, gazing down the street below and marvelling at the snow that billowed
around the dark shadows of parked cars. Streetlights dotted along the pavement
illuminated patches of snow, throwing everything into eerie shadow. Julie
wondered how high the snow-drifts would be tomorrow.

Movement caught her attention down the street. Her eyes straining to focus
through the distortion of the snow, she slid up the bed slightly, exposing the
soft mounds of her breasts to the cool air.

A white van was slowly weaving its' way down the street, its' headlights casting
crazily moving shadows down the street.

Julie gasped as a sudden burst of wind swept through a gap in the window,
sending goose-bumps across her exposed skin. With a little disappointment, she
returned to the warmth of the blankets, reminding herself to find something to
use as a curtain.

Her head almost covered by the blankets, Julie tuned out the sound of the
approaching vehicle and tried to sleep. The world faded around her, the sound of
the wind and the car merging into the background.

But sleep wouldn't come. She frowned, and sat up on one elbow to look out the
window. Her heart skipped a beat.

The van was now parked out the front of the orphanage, doors open. Several
people were milling around the rear, dressed in grey clothing. And standing out
starkly against the white of the snow, was a tall figure in black.

Julie shook her head to dispel the sudden sense of foreboding that gripped her
heart, but unable to look away as all but one of the figures in grey broke off
from the van and headed down the path to the orphanage door. She sunk away from
the window slightly as they approached, but none of them were looking up.

Julie watched their footsteps fade as the snow diligently covered them over.
Minutes passed, and the lone figure outside looked colder and colder. Finally
the others returned, carrying between them something long, pale and limp.

Julie strained to see what it was, craning her neck until she was nearly
touching the window. Then as they put the object in the back of the van, Julie
saw a flash of red hair, causing her heart to leap into her throat.

She backed away from the window slightly, adrenaline surging through her veins.

"Shit, shit, shit," she kept repeating under her breath as the group returned to
the orphanage, changing the guard over with another.

"Doctors," she tried to reassure herself. "Someone is sick, and they came to
pick them up." Her voice sounded hollow, as if she didn't believe her own words.

When they returned with a second person slung between them, Julie knew something
wasn't right. She turned to her slumbering friend.

"Kate," she hissed, shaking her lightly with one hand. "Wake up, Kate." She
shook her harder, but Kate didn't stir.

When further action failed to rouse her sleeping companion, Julie slumped down
onto her pillow in defeat. She had been sedated; that's what the injection had
been, a delayed sedative.

Julie never questioned her own immunity to the drug. Nor did she question the
feeling that drove her to get out of bed, smooth the sheets around Kate and slip
naked into the gap between the wall and the small wardrobe that held their
meagre collection of clothing.

The door creaked open just as Julie hid. She froze as the sound of footsteps
entered the girls' domain, her breath caught in her throat. The room was silent
for a moment, the only sound the seemingly deafening thud of her heart.

"Here she is," a low, genderless voice said.

"There's supposed to be another one," pointed out a second, slightly male voice.
Julie could imagine the figure looking around in puzzlement.

Julie shifted slightly, the hard wood of the wardrobe rubbing abrasively against
her hardened nipples. She fought back the hiss of pain that would expose her.

"The bed is still made, so she never made it here," observed the first voice,
making Julie praise her habitual cleanliness. Then another voice spoke, a voice
that had the effect of chilling her to the bone.

"Get the girl and let's go. Stop wasting time here." The voice was female, but
unlike anything she had ever heard before, powerfully commanding, like you had
no choice but to obey.

"Oh, Kate," Julie screamed in her head as she listened to soft sounds of sheets
against skin, followed by heavier footsteps as they carried Kate away. A single
tear escaped her tightly clenched eyes as the door shut softly behind the
departing kidnappers.

Julie fought to contain her raging emotions, terror and hate waring for control
over her.

"Get a grip, Julie," she whispered to herself. Decisively, she emerged from her
cramped hiding place and began dressing for the cold. Her hands shook as she
pulled a pair of pale pink panties up her hairless legs, imagining Kate naked
and in the back of the van to be taken to where Julie could only guess.

Thick white woollen pants covered her pale legs, added to a pink bra and grey
long-sleeve shirt. She hated this shirt, but she needed all the warmth she could
get... to go where?

Julie halted with a thick woollen jumper around her neck. What was she planning
to do?

She finished pulling on the jumper and peered out the window. Only the guard
stood beside the van, arms wrapped around his waist.

Could she follow them on foot? She certainly didn't know how to drive.

Part of her was screaming that this was irrational, that she should just call
the police and let them handle it. She was only a girl.

Julie frowned at the thought; only a girl? She silenced the voice inside and
began pulling on her boots. Outside, she heard the vans' engine start up.
Quickly pulling a woollen hat on, Julie stood and put her hand on the clasp that
held the windows together.

It was only one floor, after all.



Two guards climbed into the back of the van, securing the doors behind them,
whilst the woman slid into the passenger seat.

With a grunt the van pushed through the snow that had built up around it and
surged forwards through the white ice with its cargo of sleeping females.

Behind the van, a window on the second floor opened, and a white figure paused
momentarily before plunging out the window and into the snow building up against
the wall below, sending up a cloud of ice as it rolled to the ground.

The figure shook the snow from its long, black hair before starting off down the
road after the van.



Julie was thankful the snow hadn't had long to fall, or she wouldn't have been
able to follow at all before the still falling snow covered the tracks. Her
clothing blended nicely with the surrounds, allowing her to sneak through the
night without being seen. Her earlier guess turned out to be correct as she
followed the slowly fading tracks into a side-street alongside the small, brown
building of the Doctors Surgery.

Julie paused to lean against the wall of the surgery, futilely wiping snow from
hair that was already soaking wet. She cursed herself for not wearing mittens,
her fingers were slowly going numb from the long walk.

She straightened and headed slowly to the rear of the building, wary of
movement. The van was parked at the rear, cold and silent. She paused at a low
window in the side wall, glancing in to find it was dark and silent. She tried
the latch, and was surprised to find it was open. Quickly she slid it partly
open and stole inside, shutting the window silently behind her.

The building was cool inside, light from beyond shining around the door. She
snuck around to a cupboard and searched until she found a towel to dry her
dripping hair, her boots leaving a trail of mud across the vinyl. An unconscious
smile crept across her face as she used the towel to clean the mud off her boots
and the floor. Best not to leave a trail of mud and water behind, she thought to
her self.

Voices outside alerted her. Quickly Julie turned and jumped behind the dimly
seen silhouette of the changing screen, bringing the soiled towel with her.

The door handle turned and opened, and a hand hit the light-switch, filling the
room with briefly flickering fluorescent light. Julie placed one eye to a gap in
the screen.

Two of the men in grey entered, carrying between them the groggy, naked form of
Susan. Her eyes fluttered as she fought the drugs in her body, shaking her head
weakly.

They half-dragged her to the lone examination table in the middle of the room
and placed her haphazardly on her back, small firm breasts jutting defiantly out
from her chest. Susan moaned in despair as she fought to raise her head from the
black leather padding, watching as the woman in black entered.

The woman's' bright red hair contrasted with the pale white of her skin and
obsidian black of her outfit. Julie was unsure what fabric it was. Firm breasts
were supported by a strapless top that exposed the top-half of the shapely
mounds. The blackness of her outfit began there, curving down around her
attractive buttocks and merging into long legs and 3-inch heels.

But what held Julies attention were her eyes; fire-red pupils that focused with
deadly intent upon the weakly squirming girl in front of her.

"N... n... no," Susan struggled to speak.

Silently the woman glided to stand beside the table, running a black-gloved hand
through the terrified girls' hair, the other hand clutching something.

"Be still, little one," the woman almost whispered, pale lips stretched white as
she spoke. One hand slid down between Susan's hairless legs to gently rub her
soft outer lips.

"Restrain her," the woman commanded. The guards broke their hungry gazes off the
poor girl to nod, and then proceeded to strap Susan onto the table, spreading
her vulnerable form wide. She resisted weakly, her muscles still sluggish.

"P... please don't h... hurt me," Susan begged, her voice slurred.

"We won't hurt you, little one," soothed the woman, bending over so that their
faces nearly touched. One hand cupped Susan's left breast, whilst the other
hovered over her face.

With a flourish, the woman exposed the object in her hand to Susan's wide eyes,
a short, black vibrator. She activated it with practiced ease, watching the
terrified look in Susan's eyes as she began running it across her chest,
circling her small breasts like a predator.

Her hand glided down towards Susan's exposed sex, making the girl whimper
softly. Teasingly she ran the vibrating device around the hairless lips,
eliciting an indrawn breath from the helpless teen.

Julie watched from her position in horror as the woman deliberately aroused
Susan, teasing her endlessly by running the vibrator across the slightly parted
lips.

"Please don't," Susan kept repeating softly, unable to stop herself from raising
her hips slightly to meet the vibrator.

Tired of teasing, the woman plunged the vibrator in between Susan's moist lips,
jamming the tip against her clit.

Susan squeaked in surprise, wriggling her hips in a futile attempt to rid
herself of the relentless device. The woman smiled, sliding a finger into her
dripping wet sex and gently rubbing her. Susan squirmed softly, her face flushed
with humiliation. She could feel the warm feeling growing inside her, just as
earlier that day. Desperately she fought the rising urge, trying to ignore the
sensations coursing through her.

"I have a lot of patience, little one. You cannot resist forever," the woman
told Susan softly. Susan ignored her, concentrating on thinking about other
things.

The woman frowned in annoyance, then plunged another finger into Susan's
dripping pussy and used her thumb to rub her tight little arsehole. The black of
her gloves glistened in the light with moisture.

Susan whimpered at the new sensations, the woman's skilled fingers deftly
dragging Susan back into her body.

Sensing Susan was approaching orgasm again, the woman ground the vibrator into
the girls clit, making her groan and buck her hips involuntarily.

"No... stop... please..." she trailed off with a long moan of defeat as the
orgasm ran through her. A happy glint in her eye, the woman lowered her head
down between Susan's legs and lapped at the juices that ran freely from her
body, pooling on the soft padding of the table.

"You taste lovely, little one," the woman purred happily, her eyes closing in
contentment. The colour slowly returned to her pale lips as she ran her tongue
hungrily through the girls' snatch, throat muscles eagerly swallowing her
secretions.

She raised her head slightly from between the squirming Susan's legs, her
nostrils flaring. Her eyes rotated to stare unerringly at the screen that was
Julies' hiding spot.

"Behind the screen," she said, making it a command. Julie leant back from the
gap, her eyes wide in horror. Her heart leapt into her throat as the loud sound
of footsteps echoed across the room.

How did she know? Should she make a run for it? Yes, Julie decided, and sprung
from her hiding place directly into the surprised arms of the two guards.
Briefly stunned, they grappled with the wildly flailing teen for a frantic
moment before neatly pinning her arms.

"Julie!" Susan screamed in dismay, straining once again against the bonds that
held her.

"Let me go, you freaks," Julie screamed at them, her eyes wild in panic. The
guards stoically ignored her violent struggles and kicks. She was tempted to
bite the guard closest to her head.

"Well, well," said the woman softly, making Julie freeze in her struggles. She
glared at the woman through hair that now hung messily across her face.

"Bring her here," she commanded, running a sticky gloved hand absently up
Susan's spread. The two guards dragged Julie over, not being gentle about it.

"Follow us here, did you, my darling?" Julie kept her head down. She did not
want this woman to see her eyes.

Annoyance flashed across her face when Julie did not respond, so she caught
Julies chin in a strong grip and raised the girls head. Julie shut her eyes.

"Hmmm," the woman mused, studying Julie. "I believe you were the other girl I
wanted. How fortunate; although I would like to know how you escaped the drugs."
Julie was silent.

"Why do you not look at me, my darling? Open your eyes, now," the woman snapped
in a strong tone. Julie almost opened her eyes, before coming to her senses.

"Fuck you," Julie replied hotly, shaking her head in an attempt to loosen the
strong grip.

"Look at me," the woman growled, angry at Julies' continued disobedience. With
her free hand, she slapped Julie hard across the cheek.

Julies' eyes sprang open in anger and locked eye contact with her captor,
startling purple eyes sparkling dangerously. The woman's eyes widened, releasing
Julies jaw hastily. She seemed speechless for a moment, her face dark.

"So," she said coldly. "It is you who owns the brunette." She paused, as if
waiting for Julie to speak.

"This explains the drugs, then," she continued, before leaning in close to Julie
and breathing the damp scent of Susan into her face. Julie maintained eye
contact, glaring into the fiery red of her pupils.

"Your property fought well, young one. But I tasted her, as I shall taste you."
She leant back with a twisted smile and turned to Susan.

"Do you think your friend will enjoy the Extractor, little one?" She paused to
enjoy the look of horror that spread across Susan's pretty face.

"You certainly enjoyed it earlier today," the woman continued, and tilted her
head at the guards holding Julie. One of them released his grip on the Julie and
went to retrieve something from the cupboards that lined the wall behind them.
The other man, holding both Julies' hands in one strong grip, reached forwards
and unzipped her coat. He tugged it from her shoulders, deftly managing to
remove it from her arms without releasing them entirely.

"Forget that," the woman told him. "Strip now, young one, or I will hurt your
friend." She placed one hand between Susan's legs, gripping her clit delicately
between forefinger and thumb. Susan moaned, flashing Julie a desperate look.

"Don't hurt her," Julie said angrily, but it sounded weak. Julie knew protesting
was useless, so she shut her mouth tightly.

Predictably, the woman laughed, and with a slight twist of her wrist made Susan
scream in agony. Her shrill cries echoed around the small room as she expertly
tortured Susan's sensitive organ with her fingertips.

She released her grip slightly, halting the pain that lanced through Susan's
entire body. Susan began sobbing uncontrollably, her body limp as the last hope
of rescue left her.

"Strip, now!" came the sharp command. Julie stared at Susan in despair. The
guard released her arms cautiously and backed away. Reluctantly, Julie pulled
off the ugly long-sleeve top that she now very much loved and threw it to the
ground in front of her.

She halted, glancing up at the restrained Susan who stared at Julie with a
distressed look.

"Take them off or we'll cut them off, young one," the woman said, growing
impatient.

Julie sighed angrily and kicked off her boots. Her pants soon joined them on the
ground.

Again she halted, clad only in her pale pink underwear and socks.

"All of it," the woman prompted. Resentment flooded through Julie as she slid
off the last of her precious clothing, proudly standing barefoot and naked
before the woman. Her nipples hardened in the cool air as she glanced to see
where the other guard had gone.

His back was to them, paying attention to something on the ground. He turned and
pulled on the object. It followed behind on wheels, one end lifted slightly as
he dragged it to where Julie stood. She shivered as she studied it, her chest
tight with apprehension.

It was a strangely shaped bench, about a foot and a half long and curved down
either side with a power-cable snaking out from underneath. A flatter section
was shaped to sit on at the rear, with cuffs attached below and at the rear of
the seat, and at the front of the bench. Directly from the middle of the seat
protruded a long, one inch thick silver dildo. Situated further forwards
protruded another dildo, thicker and slightly longer, covered in strange ripples
and bumps. Each one glistened with lubrication, waiting patiently to fill its
respective orifice.

The guards grabbed Julie by the shoulders and pushed her over the device. Meekly
Julie allowed them to guide her movements, strongly pushing her into a squatting
position on the device. She flinched as the tip of the dildo contacted with her
lips, but the insistent hand between her shoulders forced her to slowly lower
herself onto the cold phallus.

It stretched her painfully wide, giving her no time to adjust to its
considerable size as she was forced down onto it. She stayed silent throughout,
only wincing as the second dildo was forced into her anus, stretching the tight
orifice open as it slid deep into her behind.

Her buttocks reached the base of the device; the final contact making her flush
in shame.

"You like that?" one of the guards whispered nastily to her as he locked her
legs down, cuffing her ankles and knees to the device. The other closed the
thoughtfully padded cuffs around her wrists, forcing her arms behind her.

Julie discovered the hard way that at the base of the dildo now filling her
pussy sat a small protrusion that rubbed delicately against her clit. The cuffs
around her legs kept her from rising off the twin probes, as she found out when
she tested the bonds.

The woman came close to the bound Julie, placing her mouth up against her ear.

"I'll enjoy watching you cum, young one" she whispered, one hand collecting a
red ball-gag from the closest guard and slipping it into Julies' open mouth.

As the woman flicked the power switch, Julie recalled Susan's words:

"It did things, and I enjoyed them"



--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading. Feel free to e-mail me.

--




Chapter 4 - A Friend in Need...



Kate awoke to darkness and heat, her head swimming with drugs. The overpowering
scent of rubber and sweat assaulted her nostrils. Half-recalled memories slid
away as she tried to remember where she was. There was a woman in black...
feelings of anger... but the memory was gone, crowded out by the sensations she
was feeling.

Her arms ached slightly, being held loosely from elbow to wrist in an arm-binder
behind her back. Her legs were held up at her chest, knees pressed against the
sides of her breasts. She shifted one knee slightly, feeling her skin slide
against the rubber that gripped each soft mound tightly in a warm dome.

Kate tried to straighten her legs out, but the slick latex surrounding her
resisted gently, holding her in a comfortable foetal position. Her movement
disturbed the sizable twin dildos attached to the lower end of her warm home,
making her suddenly and intimately aware of their presence inside her body,
whilst a nearby catheter patiently collected her liquids, plugging yet another
private orifice.

The slick bag tightened around her smooth, hairless head, holding a long and
thick dildo in her mouth. Kate moaned fearfully around it, breathing deeply
through the tubes that plugged her nose.

She was dreadfully thirsty, her mouth parched with dehydration. Desperately
pushing her fear aside, she sucked experimentally on the artificial penis and
was glad to discover that sweet-tasting water issued from the end.

The darkness and silence reared up around her, oppressing like a huge weight
upon her chest. Panic threatened to overwhelm her, but she fought it down with
thoughts of Julie.

"I'll always stand up for you," she had said. Kate found these words reassuring.

It's warm and comfortable, Kate told herself with forced joviality. It could be
worse.

Feeling secure in her warm, artificial womb, Kate relaxed and closed her blinded
eyes, focusing totally on sucking the precious liquid from the dildo.



Julie flinched with the click of the switch, but for a moment nothing happened.
The probes buried so intimately in her were silent.

Slowly, so that she almost didn't notice, they began to feel warm, like they
were heating up. Julie shuddered softly as the pleasantly warm sensation spread
through her loins.

The woman in black watched with a satisfied smile on her face, leaning against
the examination table with her hands crossed beneath her breasts.

Julie glared back at her as the twin probes began vibrating softly, slowly
increasing in intensity. Julie found that it was easier to ignore the growing
sensations if she focused her entire attention upon her twisted captor, who
returned the glare with a smile.

Then the dildo lodged in her pussy moved, slowly withdrawing slightly from her
body before plunging back into the warm orifice. Julie whimpered in dismay,
finding it harder to ignore the gently thrusting probe; its ridges and bumps
rubbing sensually against her tight inner walls.

Julie had to bite down hard on her gag to stop the moan of pleasure that nearly
escaped as the gently thrusting vibrator began to rotate slowly, screwing its
way deep into her vagina with each movement.

Julie fought to control her rapidly escaping body, focusing all her attention on
her captor with a hate-filled stare.

The woman in black casually turned away, breaking Julies' concentration and
allowing a soft moan to escape from deep in her throat.

Susan alternated between watching Julie and following the woman in black, who
was searching in the cupboards now.

"Ah-ha," she pronounced triumphantly, holding up a large silver contraption in
one hand.

Susan made soft noises of terror as the woman began coating the considerably
large twin steel dildos that protruded inwards from the base of the
g-string-shaped device with lubricant. The sides came apart, allowing the device
to hinge open at the base.

Returning to the speechless Susan's side, she lifted the terrified girls' hips
off the table and slid the lower half underneath her body. The dildos slid home
with a wet slurp as the device closed loosely around the girls' hips, causing
her to whimper with pain as they stretched her wide.

The woman began adjusting the silver device, soft clicking noises issuing from
hidden mechanisms as it tightened around her waist, drawing the dildos deeper.
Susan wept uncontrollably as a catheter was inserted and attached to the belt,
then the final shield was closed, locking her sex away.

The woman glanced over her shoulder at the red-faced and quivering Julie, who
was now being pleasured in both orifices by the thrusting silver probes.

Julie moaned softly, her eyes wet with tears of shame as a powerful orgasm
approached. It grew slowly like a bubble in her belly, fed by the gentle
machine-rape she was receiving.

The probes were becoming more insistent, thrusting deeper and faster. The
vibrations hummed audibly and both probes rotated once a second, changing
direction randomly within her.

 The woman turned to watch again, smiling as Julies eyes closed. The orgasm
burst over her, flooding her body with warmth. She shuddered, involuntarily
grinding herself deeper onto the source of her pleasure.

Julies' eyes fluttered open, her face flushing bright red with shame as she saw
the woman smiling in triumph. The probes, seemingly sensing her orgasm,
increased their tempo.

Through lidded eyes, Julie watched as the window she had earlier entered through
slid silently open.

The woman in black stepped forwards and crouched in front of Julie, blocking her
view. Slowly she lowered her head to sniff at the juices that were pouring from
Julies' stretched pussy, humming appreciatively at the scent.

"Get away from her, bitch," a masculine voice growled. Julie twisted to see,
fighting back the moan that threatened to escape as the vibrators rubbed
strongly to one side. A tall, well built man crouched in front of the window,
arm outstretched and pointing a gun unerringly at the woman's turned head. A
pair of reflective glasses hid his eyes, even though it was night.

The guards were frozen, unsure what to do as the woman turned and stood, red
anger flaring in her eyes. She faced him unflinchingly.

"Move away from her," he commanded, waving the gun towards the guards. Casually
she glided across to stand between the two grey-clad men, her eyes never leaving
his.

He straightened and slowly, keeping the gun levelled at the still smiling
woman's head, moved to stand beside the frightened Susan. With one hand he began
undoing the strap holding her left arm above her head. Across the room, Julie
whimpered as another orgasm flowed over her, triggering another increase in
pace.

The smile left the woman's face like mud under a high-pressure hose.

"I will not permit you to take my property," she said softly. Susan's arm came
free, and she began working on undoing the remaining straps herself. He placed
both hands on the gun now, its shiny silver surface gleaming in the fluorescent
light.

"You've gone too far this time, Moira," he spoke back, his voice twisting in
distaste over her name. Her eyes widened in shock, and for a moment she was
speechless. Then her eyes narrowed, focusing on the glasses he wore.

"I see," she spoke with an edge of finality. She glared back at him, her anger
at this turn of events evident. She glanced at the now freed Susan, hiding
behind her saviour like a small child. She stood strangely with the dildos
lodged deep inside her body. He twisted slightly to glance at her.

"Where's the key for the belt?" he asked, returning his attention to Moira. She
laughed happily, a soft sound that didn't reach her eyes.

"Why should I tell you? This way she stays my property." She favoured Susan with
a smile. Susan touched the belt locked tightly around her waist, the slight
smile on her lips at impending freedom fading.

Moira turned and strode quickly for the door, the guards trailing uncertainly
behind her. She paused in the doorway.

"I don't like people taking my property," she said dangerously as the guards
filed out past her. "When you come back for the other two, don't expect a warm
welcome." With that she shut the door behind her, leaving them in peace.

"Julie," Susan cried out, rushing to release her. Julie moaned again, the probes
diligently working her towards another orgasm. Susan switched off the machine
and unbuckled the gag in Julies' mouth, yanking it out and throwing it far
across the room in distaste.

"Thank you," Julie said weakly, tugging at her arms. Hastily Susan undid the
cuffs around her wrists. As soon as she was able, Julie slid one hand down
between her legs and ground her fingers against her clit, bringing herself
quickly to another mind-blowing orgasm.

Susan sat back in shock as Julie weakly undid her legs and slid herself off the
silent silver probes. Her thighs were soaking wet with lubricant and her own
juices, the probes glistening in the light.

Her knees weak, Julie stood up and looked down on the machine with mixed
emotions.

"I've never felt anything like that," she said softly, fighting the urge to
impale herself on the probes once again.

Their rescuer wordlessly handed Julie a fresh towel, making no comment when she
made eye-contact. Julie muttered a short thank you and began drying her legs.

He looked away silently and went to unplug the device. When he began coiling the
cable up, Julie looked at him in surprise.

"Are... you taking it?" She tried - and failed - to hide the excitement from her
voice.

He nodded, and with one hand pulled another towel from the nearby shelf. He
began wiping the device clean of her secretions.

"Better the device is with me than in another one of you young girls," he told
them. Both girls blushed in shame. He chuckled to himself as he picked up the
device with one hand and carried it to the window.

Julie began dressing quickly. Susan waited nervously, shivering and red-faced
with one arm covering her breasts.

"Look in the cupboards for some clothing," suggested Julie. Susan nodded and
began looking through the cupboards. She pulled out and discarded a rubber
outfit very similar to the one that the Nurse had worn with Julie. Eventually
she decided on a pair of loose green pants and shirt.

Nothing could be done about her feet, but Julie passed Susan her coat. She took
it appreciatively.

"Let's go," the man called from outside the window, pulling the diabolical
machine through behind him.

Unsure whether they were exchanging one captor for another, the girls followed
him out the window.



Kate squirmed nervously in the darkness, clenching her muscles futilely as the
plug lodged in her behind slowly filled her belly with warm water. Her rubbery
home was slick with sweat; her eyes tightly shut to keep the sting of salt out.
Hungrily she suckled on the dildo gag, but the sweet liquid had long since run
out.

Her body screamed for more water, resenting that it was all in the wrong end.
Her belly twitched as the water flowed in, cramps rippling through her muscles.
She squeezed her stomach muscles in an attempt to halt the flow but the pressure
was too great; the water continuing to slowly drain into her.

Kate sobbed softly, her eyes sore with unshed tears. The comfortable womb of
before had been replaced by a rubbery torture chamber.

Panic seethed in the back of her mind, eroding the earlier confidence she had
felt in her friend. Was Julie imprisoned in her own sack of torment, unable to
do anything but cry? Kate shook her head to dispel such bleak thoughts,
succeeding only in pushing them aside temporarily.

"Oh please, get me out of this someone," she thought desperately as the
oppressive silence closed in around her.



Outside the dark womb of Kates' existence, Moira paced angrily. She glanced at
the three insulated tanks that sat silently beside her, peering in through the
transparent tops at the dark water inside. As if to reassure herself they were
still there, she turned on the high-power fluorescent lights that hung over each
of them, illuminating the contents.

Held submerged inside each of them was a pitch-black bag, tubes emerging from
all-over their surfaces. One was obviously empty, but the other two were
stretched taut around their contents.

Between the two full tanks stood an IV pole, holding high two bags that bulged
with soapy water. Their tubes snaked down through the lids on the tanks to
disappear into the lower end of each bag.

As she watched, one of the bags quivered, its teenaged occupant shifting in
discomfort as her colon was slowly filled with hot, soapy water.

Smiling with satisfaction, Moira leant to view the softly glowing LCD that
monitored the girls' physical state, frowning as she read.

She straightened and proceeded to fill the open-topped bag of water that the
girls shared between them. In moments the girls began greedily sucking on the
tubes, quickly emptying the bag once again. The tubes gurgled as they
desperately tried to glean more water from it.

Moira smiled again as the enema bags gurgled empty. She shut off the valves,
watching as both girls squirmed in their tight prisons.

The loss of the other two girls and the Extractor had infuriated her, but these
two were making excellent progress after only several hours. It wasn't such a
bad-day after all, she thought to herself, absently playing with a set of keys
hanging on a chain around her neck.



Susan and Julie huddled in the back of the 4-Wheel-Drive as it powered its way
through the snow. Their rescuer, who had shortly introduced himself as Evan,
drove silently through the softly blanketed streets. Julie was a little nervous
about him driving with sun-glasses on, but they didn't appear to impair his
vision.

Susan sobbed quietly, her head cradled in the taller girls' arms. She sat
strangely, keeping her weight off the belt hiding underneath her clothes. Julie
stroked her lovely red hair soothingly.

"How old are you, Susan?" Julie queried out of curiosity. The distressed girl
was silent for a moment.

"Sixteen," she replied without looking up. Julie sighed softly, and resumed
stroking the girls' hair.

She watched Evan through the corner of her eye. She guessed he was only a few
years older than her, maybe 22, 23? His black hair was shoulder-length, peeking
out from underneath the woollen hat he wore down over his ears.

The vehicle jerked to a halt suddenly. They were parked out the back of a
two-story building, snow piled around randomly.

"You can stay here for the night," Evan spoke from the front as he turned the
car off. "She won't find you here."

Julie nodded, and roused Susan from her lap. Wordlessly they exited the car and
followed him into the back of the unknown building. Inside the building was
dark, the poor illumination from outside hinting at storage shelves and vague
shapes.

Evan led them up stumbling up a dark flight of stairs just inside the doorway,
pausing at the top to open a door into the second level. Susan clung nervously
to Julies' side.

 Evan ushered them in quickly and shut the door, careful to be quiet the whole
time. Julie peered down the long hallway they now stood in. Light came from a
doorway to their right, and at that moment a small blonde girl, about Julies'
age, stepped into the hall humming and wearing a sheer red teddy.

It began just above her full breasts, flowing down over her light pink areolae
and waist in lacy swirls to end between her legs with a small silk Vee. The
garment was tight around her body, displaying the trimmed V of her pubic hair
and labia prominently underneath their silken covering.

The tune was cut off as she froze in shock at the new arrivals. Her eyes fell on
Evan, and the colour drained from her face. Frantically her eyes darted for an
escape; Julie could almost feel her measuring the distance to the nearest door.

"Don't," Evan warned the young girl. She seemed to struggle with herself, then
her shoulders slumped in defeat and she sank to her knees on the floor, arms
behind her back and head lowered submissively.

Evan pushed past the two stunned orphans and gazed down at the girl through the
reflective glasses, his mouth twisting with amusement.

"I told you to go to bed," he said down at her. The girl seemed to cringe
inwards, but she said nothing. Evan sighed tiredly, running a hand through his
hair.

"We shall discuss this... indiscretion... tomorrow." The girl nodded guiltily,
keeping her eyes lowered.

"Show our guests to your room and get some extra blankets for them," he
instructed her, then turned to the waiting girls.

"No questions," he warned. "Julie, Susan, you'll sleep with Samantha tonight.
Preferably in the same bed, but if you don't feel comfortable, in the same room
will suffice."

Not giving them time to respond, Evan headed outside again, closing the door
behind him. Samantha climbed to her feet and glided off down the hall, the girls
in tow.

Julie watched the scantily clad girl walk; her eyes glinting in fascination as
they followed the thin red strap that disappeared between Samantha's buttocks.
Idly she wondered what it would feel like.

The last door on the left turned out to be Samantha's room. It was rather
cramped with the double-bed that filled the far left corner, leaving room for a
two-sided wardrobe against the outer wall and a desk to the left of the door,
hiding a full-length mirror behind it.

"Check the wardrobe for something to sleep in," Sam suggested casually. "I'll go
get some blankets." She ran off down the hall, leaving the girls alone.

"Should we be here?" asked Susan nervously as she sat herself down on the bed.

"He did save us," Julie replied, fiddling with the latch on the wardrobe. "We'll
be safer here than at the orphanage, where that bitch could find us..." she
trailed off as the wardrobe opened.

The left half was filled with shelves of clothing typical of any 18 year-old
girl in a cold climate. A selection of shoes and boots sat on the bottom of the
wardrobe, neatly arranged. The right half was entirely different.

Hanging neatly from the top of the wardrobe was a varied selection of fetish
wear. Julie slowly browsed through them with one hand, eyeing the leather
straps, latex bodysuits and steel d-rings in increasing interest.

A single shelf at the bottom held various other bondage utilities, including
gags, cuffs and several crops. Below were a set of neatly folded silky garments
that made the one Sam was currently wearing look modest. Julie glanced over her
shoulder at Susan, but she hadn't seen.

Samantha returned shortly with an armful of sheets, shutting the door with her
shoulder and dumping them casually on the bed.

"Find anything?" she asked, turning to look at Julie. Julie shook her head
before pausing at the strange look she was getting from Sam.

"Are your eyes... purple?" Sam asked with interest. Julie raised an eyebrow.
Lately everyone seemed to find something special about them.

"Yeah," Julie replied hesitantly. Surprisingly Samantha clapped her hands
happily.

"Wow, that's so cool! I've never met a Mistress before." Her eyes shone with
glee. Julie smiled weakly.

"So, let's see it," Sam asked expectantly.

"See... see what?" Julie was thoroughly confused.

"Let's see your mark, silly!" Sam frowned at the blank look Julie gave her.

"Near your belly button..." Sam prompted, approaching slowly.

"Huh, there's nothing there," Julie said dismissively, but to humour the girl
she began sliding up her shirt.

"See, nothing..." Julie trailed off as she exposed the symbol that sat directly
above her belly button. Thin jet-black lines entwined around themselves for a
couple of centimetres up her skin, and slashing horizontally through the middle
sat a jagged black line.

Shakily Julie pressed around it with her fingers, watching as the tattoo-like
mark deformed with her skin.

"Pretty," Sam said appraisingly, leaning forward slightly to look. Susan sat up
to look, her face blank.

"Check mine out," she said competitively; jumping on the bed and sending sheets
tumbling off the edge. Casually she slipped down the top of the teddy, exposing
herself from the waist up.

"Oh come on, we're all girls here," she said to the girls shocked gazes, then
glanced down and fingered below her belly button.

"See, mine's a nice pink colour." Forgetting her own unexplained marking, Julie
approached to look. Her mark was indeed pink; a neat circle inside a circle
pattern with a single diagonal line pointing down from the left.

Julie sat down on the bed and put her head in her hands. Things were getting way
too confusing.

"Why do I have a mark now?" Julie asked after a moment. "It wasn't there earlier
today." She wracked her brain to make sure; wasn't it? Sam was silent.

"You don't know, do you?" Sam replied softly, pulling up the teddy over her
nudity. "Didn't your parents tell you?"

"I'm an orphan," Julie told her.

"Oh."

"What didn't they tell me?" Julie queried after a moment.

"Evan can tell you," Sam replied, staring at the floor.

"What didn't they tell me?" Julies' voice became more insistent. She was missing
something vital here, and damned if she was going to wait.

"What didn't they tell me?" she repeated when Sam didn't respond.

"I don't know entirely," Sam replied resignedly. "All Evan will tell me is that
there are people like you and him who can mark someone as theirs. Own them, but
more than the mark."

Own them. "It is you who owns the brunette," the Woman in Black had said.

"Kate," Julie said breathlessly. Sam frowned at this, glancing at the wide-eyed
Susan sitting straight-backed on the bed.

"She isn't yours?" Sam made it sound like a statement. Julie shook her head
slightly.

"Susan... she's a friend." Julie stared at the disturbed teenager, eyes
pleading. She could see the fear and distrust that hid behind her soft, blue
eyes; re-evaluating their relationship. Was Julie a good friend to have?

"I don't want to be owned," Susan whispered weakly to herself, quivering with
indecision, sliding imperceptibly towards the edge of the bed.

"Am I dangerous?" Julie said hesitantly, asking what Susan couldn't. Sam laughed
softly.

"No, you're not dangerous at all. You couldn't go around accidentally marking
everyone you touch. You have to spend a lot of time in contact, and you have to
like each other a lot." She paused when Julie looked down, blushing furiously.
Susan relaxed slightly, no longer on the verge of running. Sam laughed louder
this time, ringing in the small room.

"It doesn't make you a lesbian to own... Kate?" Julie nodded slightly.

"If you've been friends a long time, or been through tough times together, that
can help."

"I thought you didn't know a lot?" Julie said softly, and it was Samantha's turn
to blush.

"Evan explained that to me... a while ago." The girls were silent for a moment.

"We should get to bed," Sam said suddenly, standing up quickly and heading for
the wardrobe. She searched the pile of silk clothing for a moment before
producing a pair of silk teddies.

Nervously Julie stripped off and dressed in the offered pale pink garment. She
felt more naked with it on than without. She studied herself in the mirror,
feeling a thrill run through her body.

The garment was slightly small, and as such it gripped her warm skin like a soft
silk glove. Her breasts were each held lovingly in their individual silk cups,
lifting them up tight against her chest. She shivered with excitement as she
adjusted them, positioning the small lace holes in the cups neatly over her
erect nipples.

Nearly invisible straps ran up from the top around her neck, meeting behind and
merging into a single strap that ran the length of her spine to disappear
between the soft globes of her buttocks. Spaced down her back crossed other
straps that held the flimsy garment over her front, one level with her breasts
and another just above her hips.

Julie twisted around, marvelling at the sensation of the silk pressed tightly
against her anus, wriggling her legs together excitedly. The same strap that
disappeared between her buttocks emerged again to barely cover the soft slit
between her legs, mere centimetres from slipping embarrassingly into the moist
gap. There it merged into delicate lacy swirls that continued to meet below her
breasts.

"Oh my, I have never looked this sexy," Julie said breathlessly.

Susan sat silently, her face flushed as she alternated between watching Julie
and staring at the flimsy garment that hung from her hand.

"I... I can't wear this," Susan said in despair. Samantha frowned
disapprovingly.

"Come on, where's your sense of adventure?"

"You don't understand; I can't wear it at all!" Susan protested, shaking her
head gently.

"Why can't you wear it? No-one will see you apart from us." Sam smiled softly,
but Susan shook her head again.

"I... I'll show you why." Her hands shaky, she pulled down her stolen pants,
revealing the shining silver that lay beneath.

"Wow," Sam said in surprise. "How did you... never mind." She took the clothing
back and passed Susan an equally flimsy silver silk top. Susan sighed in defeat
and stripped off the rest of her clothing, blushing every moment.

All three girls climbed into bed together in the now dark room. Susan was curled
up in the middle, feeling safe between the two older girls.

"Does the belt have... um... plugs?" Sam asked Susan suddenly, shifting to face
her.

"Yeah," Susan replied after a long pause, shifting uncomfortably. Her buttocks
rested closely against Julies' thighs, and she could feel the girls' warm breath
in her hair.

"Can you get it off?" Sam asked next.

"No," Susan replied, the pain evident in her voice. "Someone else has... the
key. How will I go to... to the toilet," Susan sobbed softly, curling back to
huddle against Julie.

Julie felt a strong sense of responsibility for the younger girl. Protectively
she wrapped an arm around Susan's waist.

Susan stiffened as a small, feminine hand touched her thigh, sliding down
between her legs to touch the warm steel that hugged her body.

"I think there's a hole there," Sam whispered after a moment. "You'll need an
enema to go to the toilet." Susan moaned in despair.

"I'll help you, okay?" Sam offered. After a minute she felt Susan nod.

"It's okay," whispered Julie reassuringly, her voice slurred with sleep.

The world around her faded away in to the restless night, filled with thoughts
and images of Kate.

"Help me."



--

Thanks to RedEva for proof-reading.

--




Chapter 5 - Vengeance



"Do I have to do this?" Susan protested apprehensively, pausing at the doorway
to the bathroom and holding the dark blue robe around her protectively.

"Yes," Julie said firmly from behind, placing a hand on Susan's shoulder and
giving her a gentle push forward.

Inside stood Samantha, waiting with an enema bag hanging expectantly from the
shower-stall.

"Come on, it's only half-full with no soap," said Sam soothingly, leaning
against the stall with a thick woollen robe wrapped tightly around her body. One
foot casually smoothed the towel that lay flat beside her.

"But I had several yesterday!" Susan objected weakly as Julie urged her into the
room. Her face fell as she got a closer look at the bag that waited for her.

"And you'll need one every day or two until that belt comes off," Sam informed
her smoothly. "Now down on all fours and I can have a closer look."

Susan sighed unhappily as she lowered herself onto the towel, sliding off the
robe and presenting her rear for inspection. She shivered from the cold, now
wearing only the belt and the loose silk top she had slept in; nipples showing
clearly through the fabric. Sam crouched down and examined the belt closely.

The belt sat snug against Susan's skin, hiding the twin probes lodged in her
nether regions behind a covering of shiny steel. The edges were nicely rounded,
but even so her skin was slightly red from wear. Directly between her legs was a
small recessed knob that Sam assumed was to release the catheter. Centred over
her anus was an inch-wide hole that was plugged neatly with a steel cylinder.
The middle of the cylinder was hollow, allowing a straw-sized entrance into the
girl's innards. Hidden in the steel tube was a small flap that only allowed
water to move inwards.

The cylinder was held in place by a small spring-loaded catch that Sam's deft
fingers released, allowing it to slide smoothly from its steel recess. The
smooth tip emerged completely from the belt on twin tracks that slid from
inside. These allowed the cylinder to exit the belt fully and be rotated out of
the way for expulsion, but forced the wearer to replace it later.

"Interesting," Sam mused thoughtfully, sliding the cylinder back into place. She
rummaged momentarily through the nearby cupboard.

"I think this nozzle will fit nicely in there," she said, standing up and
producing a small white tube which she proceeded to insert into the waiting
hole.

"Perfect," she pronounced happily and attached it to the bag. Susan watched over
her shoulder tensely. Julie stood by the door, hands self-consciously holding
the pale blue robe around her body.

"Ready?" Sam queried as she attached the nozzle once again, pausing with her
hand on the clamp.

Susan moaned unhappily and looked away, leaning forwards to lay her head on her
arms. Her top slid forward loosely to expose her small breasts, but she didn't
notice.

"Good enough," Sam said and released the clamp, allowing the water to flow
slowly into Susan's body.

"Ah, that feels nice and warm," she sighed appreciatively, closing her eyes as
the relaxing sensation spread through her belly.

Sam sat herself on the edge of the sink, swinging her legs lazily.

"I am so hungry!" she pronounced after a minute of waiting; sliding off the
bench and disappearing out of the bathroom. Unsure of what to do, Julie came
over and sat down beside Susan.

"How are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm okay," Susan replied lazily; eyes still closed. "It's not as bad as
yesterday."

"There's no soap this time," Julie told her just as the bag gurgled its'
emptiness. She clamped the tube before removing the nozzle with a tug.

Susan rolled over onto her back with a sigh, the loose top bunched up above her
breasts. With a start she pulled the top down, blushing in embarrassment.

"Don't worry," said Julie dismissively, her eyes glinting with laughter. "Your
breasts are lovely." Susan looked away, her face bright red.

"You really think so?" she asked, her voice thick with emotion. Julie raised an
eyebrow.

"Of course I do," Julie told her, sliding one hand underneath the soft silk top
to cup Susan's left breast.

Susan whimpered at the intimate touch, but didn't resist as Julie gently
manipulated the delicate nipple between her fingers.

"Thank you," Susan whispered as Julie withdrew her hand. Her belly murmured
loudly, interrupting the moment.

"Jump on the toilet," Julie said, helping Susan up and guiding her onto the
toilet, face to the wall.

"Please don't watch," Susan requested unconvincingly, as if she really didn't
mind.

"I have to release the catch," Julie replied matter-of-factly; reaching forwards
and twisting the little clip on the belt.

The water pressure forced the middle cylinder out sharply, followed by a torrent
of fetid water. Susan shut her eyes in shame as she voided herself, flinching
with each sound.

"You did great," Julie told the distraught teen, relocking the cylinder after a
few minutes.

Susan stood up in relief, but Julie caught her arm and turned her around,
sitting her back down on the seat.

"Wait a second," Julie told her, reaching down between Susan's legs once again
and giving the small knob there several twists.

Susan squeaked in horror as she began involuntarily emptying her bladder, the
hot liquid flowing unimpeded into the waiting toilet. She turned to Julie in
panic, but the older girl watched calmly, one hand comfortingly on Susan's
shoulder.

Slowly Susan relaxed as the pressure that had been building inside her was
released. She liked the older girl; she was so nice and protective towards her.
She didn't feel as embarrassed with Julie.

The flow trickled to a halt, so Julie closed the internal valve.

"Thank you," Susan said after a long moment. "I would have had to ask." She
smiled weakly.

"Any time," Julie replied, helping her up.

"Hopefully not too often," Susan said with a half-hearted laugh, hitting the
flush on the toilet.



The two girls found Sam in the kitchen at the end of the hall. She was sitting
patiently beside the toaster.

"I hate walking with this," Susan complained, wriggling inside the tightly tied
robe. "The plugs are so uncomfortable." Sam let out a laugh.

"Do they make you horny?" she asked slyly. Susan blushed terribly, looking down
at her feet.

"A little," she replied after a moment. "When I move I can't think of anything
else but what it feels like."

"Don't go jogging with it on," Sam told her with a meaningful look.

The toast popped suddenly, making Sam jump.

"Stupid thing," she said in mock annoyance, yanking the toast free.

"You need food, Susan. Eat up." She pointed to a stack of jars at the end of the
bench and passed Susan a knife. Susan hurriedly slathered jam on her toast and
sat down to eat hungrily.

"So what's downstairs?" Julie asked when they were all seated at the table.
Samantha shrugged.

"The store," she replied, taking another mouthful of bread.

"Oh? What do you sell?" Susan enquired. Sam waited a moment before responding.

"Adult Toys," she replied, and grinned slyly. "I like to borrow things" Susan
blushed at the older girls' forwardness.

"Like... Sex toys?" she said, stumbling over the word as if it was unfamiliar to
her.

"Yeah," Sam said with a nod. "Hurry up and I'll show you around."

Susan shifted uncomfortably in her seat, but continued to devour the last bits
of toast.

"Don't worry about getting dressed," Sam told them, standing up. "The store is
all shut up, so no-one can see in."

Julie and Susan followed her downstairs into the rear of the store. The lights
came on, illuminating a small room with shelving around the outside. The shelves
were crammed with boxes of all sizes, each with small black writing down its
facing side.

"This is where we keep all the stock that isn't on shelf. I'm not allowed to
touch this stuff," Samantha explained briefly.

"In here is the main store," she announced, opening the door directly in front
of them. She hit the lights, illuminating the inside.

"Go have a look around. Just don't open anything or you just payed for it." She
grinned.

Julie walked in nervously, her eyes wide as they roamed across the room, taking
in all the different objects. Susan stood close by, peering around nervously.

"Wow," she breathed, walking slowly through the shop and studying all the items
on display. She could only guess some of their functions.

Julie paused beside a display of various gags, playing tentatively with them.
She imagined the various uses for them, ball gags, rings, trainers, cock gags.
Her jaw clenched involuntarily as she touched the ring gag, picturing what it
was for.

"This stuff is pretty kinky..." she trailed off, sensing something was wrong.
Her eyes darted to the front window and the vague shapes that moved behind the
blinds.

BLAM

The sound of a shotgun discharge thundered through the room, momentarily
deafening her. The middle of the blinds exploded into spinning metal and glass,
sending dangerous shards spiralling through the air. Several scantily clad
mannequins in the window tumbled to the ground, their artificial exteriors cut
to ribbons.

The girls screamed simultaneously in fright.

Moments later the sounds of breaking glass could be heard, the shadowy figures
methodically destroying the window. Their entrance secured, they entered the
store, holding various bats, bars and other weapons. Julie quickly counted a
dozen armed men.

"Where the fuck are you, you freaky bitch?" the closest man yelled, brandishing
the shotgun dangerously. Julie felt her heart sinking, caught in full view of
the attackers. The speaker spotted her quickly. He passed the shotgun to someone
behind him and slid both hands into his pockets.

Julie glanced over her shoulder to see Susan cowering between aisles, eyes wide
with terror. Her knees were held tight against her chest, and she was biting
hard on her robe to stop from screaming.

"I told you I'd be back," he said with a triumphant grin, then withdrew a
handgun and clumsily shot her. 

Julie felt the poorly aimed bullet lance through her side like a red hot poker,
shredding flesh and muscle as it tore straight through and out the other side.
Its trajectory took it directly towards Susan, where it ended abruptly in the
young girl's thigh.

Julie staggered back in surprise, one hand clutching her injured side
protectively. She caught herself against a shelf of magazines, breathing heavily
as the pain threatened to overwhelm her self-control.

Susan's agonised scream cut through the air like a knife. She collapsed forward
into the aisle, howling as blood began to flow from the wound in her leg. Her
exposed skin was sprinkled with blood from Julie, blood that had already begun
its work.

A spell of dizziness overtook Julie, and her balance faltered. She leant heavily
on the shelf as the wound in her side closed over.

"Fucking hell," someone said in disbelief as Julie stood up straight again,
facing her attacker with cold purple eyes. He smiled back at her, an evil
lecherous grin.

"I can't imagine the fun I'll have with you," he told her. With a nod of his
head the assembled group behind him surged forwards through the store.

Julie punched one of them neatly on the nose as he foolishly approached alone,
feeling it break with a sickening sound against her clenched fist. His head
snapped back sprouting blood and he collapsed to the ground screaming.

"Coward," Julie screamed at him, backing herself against a nearby shelf as the
group closed in around her. She flung herself at them desperately, Susan's
painful screams cutting through her heart. She had to do something.

The rebellion was short-lived as they caught her hands, and once again she found
herself being held against her will.

"You'll pay for that, bitch," one of her captors said with a snarl, his hand
snaking around to painfully grope her breast.

"Too scared to do it alone, arsehole?" Julie taunted him, earning herself a
painful squeeze.

"She fucking broke my nose," the man yelled painfully from the ground, sitting
up to glare at her.

Susan's screaming continued as the wound burned from the inside, her injured leg
twitching spasmodically. The blood covering her skin melted away, disappearing
underneath like water on dry soil.

She lifted a blood-soaked hand from her leg, surprise pushing momentarily
through the agony as the bullet was pushed from the rapidly knitting wound. The
pain faded away, leaving her a sobbing wreck on the floor. She ran a hand over
the freshly pink skin in disbelief, leaving short-lived trails of blood.

Her reverie was broken as a rough hand caught her arm and yanked her to her
feet.

"Get some cuffs, idiot," her captor called. "This place will have plenty."

Susan whimpered in terror as someone tossed a pair of thoughtfully padded cuffs
across the room.

"Nice and secure," her captor chuckled to himself as he locked the cuffs around
her wrists.

"And this too," the thrower called and passed a pink ball-gag to him.

"Keep the bitch quiet," he said to himself again, jamming it into her mouth
roughly.

"There you go; perfect," he told her, and patted her on the cheek before
grabbing her roughly by the shoulder and leading her to the back of the store.

Susan's heart fell when she was roughly pushed to her knees beside the similarly
bound Julie and Samantha. Tears streamed down her face.

"Much better," the man with the shotgun said, coming to stand in front to survey
his prizes.

"Strip them off," he commanded. At once the men standing behind began to eagerly
strip the girls. The cuffs were no problem to them; they simply cut the clothing
apart.

"Hey boss, have a look at this," a voice said from behind Susan as her robe was
torn away. She felt the knife sliding against her skin, slicing through her top.
It fell in tatters to the ground, exposing her breasts to the cool air.

"Well, well," the leader said, crouching down to peer at her chastity belt.

"Looks like your virginity shall be spared for today, redhead." Susan stared at
him, her heart leaping with joy. Suddenly the chastity belt became the best
thing in her world.

"Pity, I like them young," he told her with an annoyed frown, reaching out to
tweak her exposed nipples. "Don't get your hopes up though, we'll still be able
to fuck your face and hurt these tiny little tits before we kill you."

Susan felt dizzy with terror and toppled over, falling hard on her side. She
curled into a protective ball, sobbing uncontrollably. They all laughed at her.

"Cute Tattoo, by the way," he said offhandedly. Susan chocked back her sobbing.
What Tattoo?

She straightened out, blinking away the tears so she could see. Directly above
her belly button which hid just under the waistband on the belt, twin grey lines
curled around each other, bisected by a jagged slash.

Susan swallowed hard, blinking in disbelief, as if it was an illusion. But it
didn't go away.

She looked up at Julie, betrayal plain on her face. Julie looked away, her face
rigid. But there was no time for thinking.

A hand roughly caught Susan's hair and lifted her upright, making her yelp in
surprise. The gag was pulled free from behind, but she had no time to speak
before it was replaced with a ring-gag, forcing her mouth open into a neat O.

"You know bitch, we're lucky this store has steel shutters for the front
window," their captor said, unzipping his pants. Behind them, the men closed the
steel shield over the front window, hiding the damage done to the storefront.
No-one would be able to see in.

Susan whimpered through the gag as his cock popped free, standing hungrily out
from his body. He caught her hair in his hand and directed her head forwards.
Susan's frantic squeals were reduced to soft gurgles as he impaled her head upon
his erect member.

He began a rocking motion, thrusting in and out of her head. Susan became more
hysterical as he drove deeper with each thrust until she was taking his full
length down her throat.

She was too short of breath to squeal any more, having to take short gasps of
air before he blocked her throat once again.

Julie and Sam watched fearfully as the young girl squirmed in his grasp. They
knew that this would be their fate soon; to be beaten and raped... they were
going to be killed. Julie furiously squeezed tears from her eyes, determined not
to loose hope.

Susan's eyes were frantic with terror, her chest heaving as she attempted to
draw breath. The man lodged in her throat let out a primal grunt, pumping his
seed into her stomach which she swallowed reflexively.

He smiled as he held her head on him, feeling her struggles slowing as he slowly
choked her to death. Her muscles went slack as consciousness slipped away.
Satisfied, he withdrew from her body and let her slump to the floor. There was a
terrible second where she didn't breathe.

Susan coughed horribly, curling herself into a ball as her oxygen-starved brain
drew precious air into her lungs. Her tormentor gave her a vicious kick in the
back, driving the air from her lungs once again.

"Fuck them both," he snarled, zipping his pants up.

Julie began sobbing silently as she was pushed forwards onto her chest and her
legs roughly separated. Her face drove into the soft carpet of the floor, her
arms waving behind her back futilely. She found her face mere centimetres from
Susan's tear-stained face.

Susan's eyes fluttered open painfully, her head pounding. She watched Julie
groan in pain as she was roughly taken from behind, and was again thankful for
the belt she unwillingly wore.

A hand knotted itself in her hair once again, lifting her painfully to her feet.
Somewhere they had found rope which they had strung from the roof, and proceeded
to tie her arms to it. Susan squealed as she was forced to bend over, her arms
pulled painfully up behind her.

"Hey boss, use this," one of the men said, bending over to lock a spreader bar
between her legs and opening it wide. The chastity belt glinted between her legs
protectively.

"Since we can't fuck you, it looks like we'll have to make do with hurting you,"
the leader said. There was a strange hiss, and then pain exploded across Susan's
behind.

Her scream echoed around the room as he brought the whip up for another strike.

"Can somebody stop her screaming," he said frowning. At once her mouth was
filled with a man's cock.

Crack! The whip came down on her buttocks again.

Susan screamed around the cock in her mouth before it was cut off as he
violently rammed it deep down her throat.

Crack! Her thighs exploded into agony.

Julie watched in mute horror, her face being driven across the carpet with each
violent thrust of her rapist. She felt him cum inside her, his cock pulsing as
it pumped her full of his liquids.

Her eyes closed in shame as he withdrew, feeling his cum dripping down her
thighs. Why was this happening to her?

She could hear someone grunting nearby, low guttural sounds overlayed by the
softer mewling coming from Sam. The sounds were momentarily cut off by the sharp
swish of the whip, followed by its impact against female flesh and the
accompanying cry of pain.

Another man took his place behind Julie, one hand holding the remains of her
clothing over his freshly broken nose.

"Time for some payback, whore," he whispered to her, one hand tangling itself in
her hair for grip.

He was larger than the previous one, filling her painfully with each thick inch
of his unwelcome intruder. Thankfully he came quickly inside her, grunting and
grabbing her breasts painfully in his hands as he emptied himself. He pulled out
and gave her arse a casual slap.

"I'll be back later soon," he promised as the leader paused to hand someone else
the whip. With a rotten smile Susan's new tormentor resumed the beating, sending
blow after punishing blow raining down on her fragile skin, drawing blood. Her
tortured screaming was loud even around the fresh cock in her mouth.

 "I don't know how you did it," the leader said, crouching down beside her, "but
you'll pay dearly for the lives of the men you killed." His fingers delved deep
into her sticky pussy, coating them with her liquids. He then pushed them
roughly into her arsehole, wriggling around painfully. Julie whimpered
miserably, closing her eyes against the inevitable.

He took hold of her hips from behind and positioned his cock against her anus.
She tightened herself against his invasion, but he just pushed harder, slowly
sliding in. She screamed in agony as her virgin muscles tore around his girth,
covering his skin with warm blood.

"Oh yeah, that's it," he moaned, driving deeply into her bowels. Julie clenched
her fists, her nails drawing blood as he began thrusting hard into her anus,
tearing apart the soft inner lining with his violence.

He drew her torture out as long as he could before he came, flooding her insides
with liquid fire.

He gave her a hard shove and withdrew, satisfied. Julie rolled over and sobbed
weakly; her gaping rectum burning as the torn muscles and skin rejoined.

She had a moment of seeing Susan still bent over, her whipped breasts wrapped
tightly in rope, before her rapist's body cut off her view and tore the gag from
her mouth.

"Bite down and your death will be long and painful," he growled at her, grabbing
her head to make her suck him off.

"Too late arsehole," Julie panted, twisting her head away from him. "You're
already dead." She felt someone grabbing at her hips, preparing to take her
again.

The leader laughed.

"Small words from someone in your position," he told her, then smacked the side
of her head viciously.

Julie saw stars briefly, her world spinning dangerously. Blood welled up from
inside her mouth.

"It was the sex, you know," she managed, lifting her head to stare at him with
startling purple eyes.

"They all had me, and they all died." He laughed at her again, but it was
weaker, doubt spreading across his face. Could she do that?

"Shut up bitch," he told her, more to comfort himself, and crammed his cock into
her mouth. She felt his handgun touch the side of her head.

"Do a good job, or we'll see just how much you can heal." Julie shut her eyes in
shame and began sucking his cock. The taste of blood and semen filled her mouth,
overlaid by the sickening flavour of her own anus. Her stomach heaved
dangerously.

How she hoped she was right.

"Good girl," he told her, and began pumping in and out of her face. Behind her,
she felt another cock take up residence in her vagina, violently tearing into
the soft orifice.

He came quickly in her mouth, sending small jets of sperm into her throat.

"Swallow it all down like a good slut," he told Julie, his hand holding her face
in his hairy crotch. Tears streaming down her face, she swallowed it down.

"Mm, that was good." He withdrew from her mouth and replaced the gag, tightening
it painfully around her head.

There was a moment of silence, punctuated only by the sound of Susan's broken
sobbing. The sound of a door slamming was heard from out the back.

Everyone froze.

Wordlessly, the leader nodded to a couple of men. They disappeared into the
storeroom.

Seconds stretched into hours as they waited. The leader retrieved the shotgun
and held it ready.

"Shit!" someone yelled painfully from out the back. Julie flinched. Please let
it be someone to help, she prayed.

One of the men returned, staggering into the room. He began howling then,
clawing at his arms in agony.

"Look out," he cried and collapsed to the floor, digging at his skin. Julie
stared in disbelief as it began to ripple, like there was something underneath.

Evan entered from the rear of the store. Somewhere he had removed his top, and
now stood in the doorway, muscles rippling in anger.

"You bastards," he cursed under his breath, blood-red eyes roving across the
men.

"Get lost," the leader yelled at him. The shotgun fired high, sending plaster
and glass raining down upon Evan. Unflinchingly he entered the room, shrugging
off the rubble.

"One more step and you die," the leader said nervously, fingers twitching to
discharge the second barrel. Evan didn't halt.

"Fuck you too then." He pulled the trigger.



--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading the last few chapters and helping out when I
got stuck for ideas.

--




Chapter 6 - Ownership



Kate slept intermittently through the long night; at least she thought it was no
longer night. There was no indication of the time spent in her rubbery cocoon,
every orifice filled with tubes and probes. Her bowels were being regularly
flooded and drained with varyingly abrasive liquids, breaking the short periods
of nothing when she slept.

Kates' belly bulged full with the latest solution, something that tingled
unpleasantly. She tried to ignore the full sensation inside by sucking
determinedly on the dildo in her mouth. Her waking periods were consumed with
trying to gain precious fluid from it.

She was constantly thirsty. Her dark home was slick with her sweat; she could
feel it pooling around her body, the only way she could tell which direction was
up.

Kate craved stimulation. The total darkness and silence was playing tricks on
her deprived mind; flashes of light playing across her vision tauntingly.

The enema began draining out of her body now, bringing relief to her tired body.
She sighed happily and began sucking harder on the dildo. She had found that
after an enema there was usually something to drink.

The seconds stretched into minutes as she fruitlessly suckled on the dildo. Her
body was screaming dehydration, but nothing came.

Then for the first time, she felt motion. Something began pulling on her cocoon,
lifting it upwards.

Kate quivered in terror as she felt herself swing in mid-air, no longer in the
comforting warmth of the tank. She felt hands touching her face, tugging on the
rubber encasing her.

The dildo lodged in her mouth was removed suddenly, bringing a lovely breath of
cool air. She breathed deeply, stretching her aching jaw muscles. She tried to
speak, but found she could only make soft wet noises.

Tears flooded into her blinded eyes, and she began sobbing, gurgling weakly as
she continued to try and speak. Hands cradled her head comfortingly, stroking
her black latex skin.

Her mouth felt strange without the dildo present, and she found herself
unconsciously making sucking motions. At once something warm and soft was placed
against her mouth. Happily she drew it into her mouth, her tongue flickering
over a hard lump in the middle.

Abruptly she realized that she was sucking on someone's breast. She recoiled,
squirming inside her rubber womb as she forced the intruder away with her head.
It was withdrawn shortly, her mouth free once again.

Straight away, Kate felt a need to suck on something. She fought the urge,
keeping her lips tightly sealed to stop herself.

Her mouth was left free for a few minutes, waiting for her to give in. But Kate
resisted the strange urges she was feeling; sighing in relief as the dildo was
replaced and she was returned to the warm water.

Reflexively she began sucking again, and was overjoyed when a thick, warm liquid
issued from the end, flooding her dry mouth. Shifting slightly to get
comfortable, she began to work the dildo.



Kate felt content now, drawing peacefully on the dildo. Her breasts ached
strangely in their rubbery domes, as if they had grown and now yearned to be
free of their confinement. She had been given no more enema's since her mouth
had been briefly freed, for which she was thankful.

The dildo had not stopped feeding her since then, and she had been slowly
drinking the warm, tasteless liquid. She was living in a daze now that she
didn't feel dehydrated, reflexively suckling as her mind slept.

Once again her warm home began to move, lifting her out of the warm tank. The
cold air ran over the dripping latex, chilling it quickly.

She came awake slowly, her mind foggy. Where am I? Kate wondered, grasping at
memories that slid away frustratingly, leaving half-formed images in her mind.
The cold latex that touched her back brought a yearning for the outside, to be
free of the dark bag that was her world.

The dildo was pulled from her mouth gently, and Kate felt warm flesh rub against
her hungry lips. A dim part of her head was screaming this was wrong, but she
simply had to suck on something.

She drew the warm flesh into her mouth, her teeth clamping onto the soft nipple
and sucking hard on it. Comforting hands held her rubber-encased body close as
she worked, banishing thoughts of the outside and freedom.

Gradually she relaxed and fell asleep again, suckling like a baby.



Moira stood happily beside the tanks, watching as the water closed over Kate
once again. She had used the last of her stores to make the chemicals to drug
the girls and induce them into lactation, and was happy it had been so quickly
successful. With a grunt she closed the cover, sealing the warmth in.

How she enjoyed the sensation of a supple teenage mouth drawing on her nipples.
Kate had suckled for several minutes of her own free will before Moira had
returned her to the tank.

Kate was proving more resistant to her drugs than the other girl. Moira cursed
the little purple-eyed girl who continued to cause her so much trouble; that
little half-breed wench had complicated everything.

Moira considered who Julies' parents could be; trying to recall every Master and
Mistress that could have been in the area 18 years ago.

Even if they had bedded a human, it wasn't expressly forbidden. Why would she
have been abandoned, especially here? She raised an eyebrow; could it have been
a Council member? A smile spread across her face. That could explain things. A
half-breed daughter would cause quite a scandal in the Council, particularly one
that turned out to be a Mistress.

Come to think of it, Moira could not recall a half-breed Mistress that had lived
so long, having herself studied them extensively. Perhaps the problem would
solve itself, especially now that she held Kate.

Moira leaned against the tank beside her, stilling the involuntary quiver that
ran through her muscles. All that mattered was time.



The first shell had nearly deafened Susan. Her ears rang painfully, shooting
pain through her skull. She hung heavily from the bonds holding her upright,
barely maintaining her balance. She could hear someone talking through the
ringing, but the blindfold that had been tied across her eyes prevented her from
watching.

Never the less, she hung her head low, trying to see through the sliver of light
at the bottom of her vision. She felt drool and semen drip from her gaping
mouth, held wide by the black ring-gag strapped tightly around her skull.

She shook her head, ignoring the pain this caused, and managed to get the
blindfold to slide a bit, allowing her to see someone lying on the floor behind
her. She felt a glimmer of hope; had someone come to save them?

She picked out a few words before the shotgun discharged once again beside her
head. Pain lanced through her ear and she screamed in pain. The world was silent
on one side, and she could feel something warm and sticky dripping from her ear.

She watched dumbly as feet danced around her, feeling the floor shake with their
footsteps. The blindfold was stuck on her nose; frustratingly restricting her
vision of what she hoped was a fight.

Someone heavy slammed into her back, knocking the breath from her lungs. He fell
to the ground beside her, catching on one of the weights that they had hung from
her nipples and making her scream as it was yanked free from her tortured
breasts.

Susan shut her eyes and shifted her bound legs away from the unconscious person.
She trembled in her bonds, desperately trying to ignore the floor that shook
underneath her feet.

Suddenly the rope holding her upright was cut, sending her tumbling to the
floor. She cried out in pain as she landed on her bound breasts, twisting
painfully to take her weight off them. The bar keeping her legs wide apart
prevented her from rolling completely over.

Soft, feminine hands touched her ankle, causing relief to flood through her.
Someone was free! The cuff came loose, releasing her leg. She rolled over onto
her back, sobbing pitifully.

The other ankle was freed quickly, and she was helped to her feet, still bound
and gagged.

"Come on Susan," said Julie weakly, horror plain in her voice. "You don't want
to see this."

Susan allowed herself to be led out of the room before the blindfold and gag was
removed.

"Julie," Susan cried happily, standing still as the rope around her breasts was
untied.

She whimpered as the blood returned to her tortured breasts, purple stripes
darkening across her skin where the whip had made contact.

Sam entered the storeroom, battered and bruised. Susan couldn't help focusing
between the girls legs, seeing the red and inflamed lips that cowered between
her thighs, semen still dripping from inside.

"Let's go, now," she said, fighting back tears, and ran up the stairs, rope
trailing from her ankles.

They followed her close behind, not looking back at the continuing battle.



Julie sat on Sam's bed staring at the floor, her face bleak. She shivered,
drawing the towel tighter around her nakedness. Her mind kept replaying the
events downstairs.

Susan sobbed as the rope was cut from her wrists, shaking her hands vigorously
to get the circulation going. The towel draped across her shoulders fell back,
but she made no effort to pick it up. Her skin didn't hurt as much without the
towel.

Sam sat next to Susan, still naked. She glanced up at Julie, shaking her head in
disbelief at the cuffs that still encircled Julie's wrists. Cuffs with a heavy
steel chain; a chain that had been torn in two.

"Are you okay?" Sam queried shakily, climbing up onto the bed and putting an arm
around the dark-haired girl.

Julie looked up briefly, her eyes glistening with tears.

 "You did what you had to do," Sam comforted her gently, hugging her closer.
Julie nodded mutely, leaning heavily on Sam.

Susan crouched in a world of silence on the floor, sobbing. She felt rather than
heard the thud as Julie slid off the bed, unconscious.

"Evan," Sam screamed painfully, backing away from the weakly twitching girl.

Susan felt him thunder down the hall a moment later and burst into the room,
sweat glistening on his naked chest.

"Oh shit," he said in dismay, running to crouch beside her. He cradled her head
in his hands, feeling her pulse. A tremor ran through her unconscious body.

"What's going on?" Susan asked loudly, staring at the trembling Julie anxiously.

Evan glanced at her, his eyes spotting the little mark on her skin.

"Sam, get Susan into bed," he instructed, sliding his hands under Julie and
lifting her onto the bed. He tore the sheets back and slid her unconscious form
underneath.

Susan climbed in reluctantly, hissing as the soft fabric rubbed against her
tortured skin.

"Closer," Evan told her loudly. Susan blinked at him uncomprehendingly.

Frustrated, he pushed the two girls close to each other and mimed hugging.

"It hurts," Susan complained as she drew the quivering Julie close, pressing
their breasts together intimately.

"Julie, wake up," Susan pleaded, ignoring the pain she felt to curl around her
friend. Her thigh slid between Julies' legs, rubbing against the soft folds that
hid there. She gave Julie a kiss on the cheek.

"Please, wake up!" Susan was fighting not to break down and cry. In her
desperation she understood what Julie needed now, what Evan and the Woman in
Black needed also... her body.

Impulsively, Susan kissed Julie full on the mouth. Her tongue slid in between
Julies' lips, tentatively probing past her teeth. She felt Julie shudder against
her, her heart leaping with success.

She slid an arm up, drawing Julies' head close in a deep French kiss. Julie
responded weakly, sucking on Susan's wet tongue and drawing it into her mouth.

As Julie awoke, Susan could feel her skin tingle where they touched. The welts
that covered her breasts and lower body itched distractingly. Susan broke the
kiss, suddenly embarrassed to kiss a girl.

"Stop," she protested, attempting to wriggle away. Julie grabbed Susan and drew
her close, wrapping her legs around Susan's hips and climbing on top of her.

"Julie, stop," she yelled before Julie kissed her hungrily, sealing their mouths
together.

Sam drew close to Evan, watching the squirming girls knowingly. He hugged her
close.

"I need to go clean up," he told her, barely keeping the sadness from his voice.
Sam could feel his erection pressing against her buttocks.

"You disobeyed me again last night." Sam stiffened against him.

"I might be willing to forget though..." he trailed off and released her from
his arms.

"Yes Sir," she said solemnly. Evan nodded, and wordlessly left the bedroom.

Sam sighed to herself and went to the wardrobe. Her fingers closed around the
silver collar sitting on the bottom shelf. She hesitated a moment, turning it
over in her hands.

She snapped the ends open and placed it around her slender neck, pausing again
before closing it.

Click.

Experimentally she tugged on her new decoration, checking it was locked. The
collar stayed closed.

She quivered; Evan would have a key to it somewhere, but until then it wasn't
coming off.

Susan sprang naked from the bed, her face glistening with saliva. Julie peered
from underneath the sheets, her face red with embarrassment.

"I'm so sorry Susan, I... I couldn't stop..." she trailed off.

Susan was ignoring Julie, her hands running up and down her body in amazement.
The thick welt marks that had covered her belly, breasts and back were gone,
mere painful memories.

Her hands paused over the mark on her belly, and her entire body stiffened. It
had changed from its' previous grey colour to pitch-black.

"No," Susan whispered in horror, shaking her head. Her hands trembled as they
touched it in disbelief.

"Get rid of it," she told Julie, breathing heavily. She looked slightly crazed.

"She can't get rid of it like that," Sam told her. Susan looked at her, spotting
the silver collar that now sat around Sam's neck. She cracked.

"Oh fuck." Susan stepped towards the door, staring at the collar. "I don't want
to be a slave!" She took another step.

"Susan, calm down," Sam said, cautiously approaching her.

"Get away from me," Susan screamed, stepping back against the door. She fumbled
for the door-handle behind her, but her hands were too shaky to get a grip.

"Let me out," she yelled frantically, turning to claw at the handle.

"Susan, calm down," Julie cried across the room desperately. Susan stiffened as
Julie's voice rang through her head, washing away her terror. Susan blinked in
surprise, suddenly feeling calm and content.

Sam whirled to face Julie, her eyes wide in shock.

"How... I felt..." she stuttered. "You... you mustn't do that!" Julie frowned at
her.

"Do what?" Julie sat up in bed, drawing the sheets around her. "What did I just
do?" Sam was silent suddenly, as if she had revealed too much. Julie's eyes
narrowed; once again she was being kept in the dark.

"What happened, Samantha?" Her voice was low, bordering on anger. She made to
get off the bed.

The door burst open, allowing in an irate Evan.

"You stupid bitch!" he yelled, his eyes locking on Julie. "Do you want to light
a beacon for Moira to find us? Or should I just go call her on the phone right
now, and save you the trouble?"

Julie slid off the bed, her sudden anger flaring bright.

"Perhaps if someone would explain to me what the fuck is going on, I wouldn't
inadvertently do something I shouldn't!" Evan raised an eyebrow, surprised by
her verbal attack.

"First I find out I can apparently heal knife wounds, and then some crazy woman
kidnaps my friends; Sam suddenly reveals to me I have a tattoo on my stomach
that wasn't there previously, I get raped by a dozen armed men, and then I
inadvertently do something that brings you thundering up here to yell at me!"
Evan stepped back slightly from the raging teen.

"You have no idea of what you did?" he queried, confused.

"No!"

"I see," he said. There was a strained silence.

"Well then, the first thing we need to do..." he spoke, striding over to the
wardrobe.

"...is shut that insolent mouth of yours." He grabbed the stunned Julie in a
headlock and roughly shoved a ball-gag into her mouth.

Julie squirmed angrily in his grasp, battering at him with clenched fists as he
buckled it tightly around her head. The sheets slid to the ground below, leaving
her naked and vulnerable.

"Stop that," he said, releasing her head. "This is for your own good." He caught
her wrists and pulled them up behind her back, lifting her painfully.

Julie stopped struggling instantly, trying to stretch herself as high as
possible to relieve the pressure in her shoulders.

"Are you going to stop fighting?" Julie glared at him for a moment before
nodding, lowering her head in defeat.

Evan released her arms, and she instantly made to unbuckle the gag.

"Leave it," he said threateningly. She growled around the gag, but lowered her
hands.

"Until you learn some self-control it stays, and I don't care how many days that
may be."

Her eyes widened in shock, hands trembling as she fought the urge to remove the
rubber ball.

"Sit," he commanded her. Julie sat herself down on the bed, hands clenched to
cover between her legs. Evan reached out and batted her hands away, making her
quiver with rage.

"Now, about just now... Did Moira tell you or someone else to do something, and
you felt compelled to obey?"

Julie forced down her anger and thought back to the events in the Surgery for a
moment.

She nodded hesitantly, recalling when Moira had told her to open her eyes.

"Sam, what did she say just now?" Evan asked over his shoulder.

"She told Susan to be calm," Sam told him from the door. He turned to look at
Susan, frowning.

"What's going on?" Susan asked peacefully.

"Samantha, I want you to slap Susan hard." Sam nodded reluctantly, then turned
to Susan and gave a full-bodied slap to the side of her face. Susan yelped in
surprise, stumbling back.

"Go get dressed," he told Sam, watching Susan patiently. She seemed stunned for
a moment as the fear returned to her face. She looked up, breathing shortly.

"What just happened?" she asked, on the verge of breaking down again.

"Susan, come here," Evan said delicately. Susan quivered, but shook her head.

"Come here, Susan," he said in a slightly harsher tone. Julie shivered beside
him, feeling a slight urge to go to Evan. Susan whimpered, stepping forward
slightly.

"That's it," he encouraged as she reluctantly came to stand beside him. He sat
down on the bed and pulled the naked girl onto his lap.

"Don't hurt me," Susan sobbed as he hugged her close.

"It's okay Susan, you're safe now," he whispered soothingly into her ear. Susan
sobbed louder and buried her head in his shoulder.

"Thank you," she cried, sliding her arms around to hug him. He held her tight,
pressing her soft body against his skin.

He turned to Julie, who watched in confusion and amazement.

"That is how you use your abilities properly. Your blunt and uneducated use of
Voice would have left her a zombie for the next hour."

He sighed, running Susan's long red hair through his hands. She was still
sobbing, her hands gripped tight around his back. Julie frowned in annoyance at
him; she didn't mean to do anything at all!

"Fortunately for us you weren't very strong, and directed your command
specifically at Susan." He stared grimly at Julie. "Or else Moira could be on
her way here and you would be joining your friend in whatever she's doing."

"Who is she?" Sam asked from the wardrobe, rifling through clothing
indecisively. Evan scowled.

"Moira is a criminal. She's sick, she's twisted, and I fear that you will not
see any of the other girls again; at least not in the same state as before."

"What will she do to them?" Sam asked cautiously, not sure she wanted to know.

"Sam, wear the black one with the hood," Evan instructed with a brief smile. Sam
frowned unhappily at him. All she wanted was to have a shower and wash the scent
of sex off her body. She was not in the mood to play.

"Anyway, she'll drug the girls with various mind-altering substances and make
them hers. Then... who knows? The messes that she's left behind before now...
well, there isn't much hope."

Julie spluttered around the gag blocking her mouth. She was filled with worry
for Kate, her concerned questions frustrated by the gag.

Sam frowned again, partly at his response, and partly at the black garment that
hung loosely from her raised hand.

"Can I please take the dildos out?" Sam asked hesitantly, not relishing the
thought of spending her day with them inside.

"Remove the crotch strap," Evan replied absently, stroking Susan's hair again.
Sam sighed with relief and began dressing herself in the garment.

She sat down on the floor and assembled the collection of straps that was her
clothing. She located the legs, which were each merely a strap with several flat
latex rings spaced up its length, and slid into them.

She tightened the waist strap, neatly framing her pubis, and then pulled up the
top, consisting of criss-crossing straps that tightly framed small triangles of
black latex that cupped her breasts. The arms ended in twin gloves, which Sam
laboriously squeezed her hands into.

She paused before sliding her head into the black hood that hung down her back,
flashing Evan a pleading look.

He gently disentangled Susan from around his body and passed her to Julie, who
took her property reluctantly.

"Don't touch the gag," Evan warned. "Stay here with Susan, and don't let her out
of your sight." He sighed, and stood up, catching Sam by the arm.

"It's my job to educate you in your responsibility as a Mistress," he told Julie
seriously. "Disobey me, and I'll leave you to Moira."

Julie quivered with anger, but managed to nod her compliance, teeth grinding
into the soft rubber of the gag.

Evan nodded and turned his focus to Sam. His hands gathered her soft, blonde
hair into a pony-tail and fed it through the back of the hood, drawing it up
over her head as he did so.

Sam shivered as darkness fell upon her, feeling as the hood was buckled
underneath her chin. The front was open below her nose, leaving her mouth free
to breathe and talk; Sam knew the latter was forbidden.

Her world near-silent due to soft padding against her ears, she allowed herself
to be led out of the room by Evan, his hands tingling against her back. She
trusted him to guide her through the darkness.

In the privacy of the hood, tears slid from her eyes. So far her day had been
hell, and it wasn't even lunch time yet.



--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading.

--




Chapter 7 - Self Control



Darkness closed over them as they entered the room; like a wall that light
refused to enter out of fear. A single pool of sickly yellow light illuminated
an empty chair in the middle of the room.

Lyle staggered further in, one arm around his companion to support his weak
legs, the other tucked into his shirt. He suspected it was fractured.

"Sit." The single, source-less word sank into the darkness, making him shiver.

His companion lowered him into the seat and then took up a position behind him.

"Did I tell you to harass any young girls, Lyle?" The voice was low and rough,
as if it wasn't used to talking.

"Did I tell you to break and enter any buildings? Did I tell you to rape and
beat any young girls?"

Lyle sank deeper into his chair as the voice continued.

"Through your stupidity and rash decisions, you have condemned yourself, and
many of your companions, to death."

So the purple-eyed girl told the truth, Lyle thought grimly.

"How long since you had the girl, Lyle?"

"Nearly an hour, sir," Lyle responded weakly. Was he dying already?

"She is a Mistress, Lyle. Her biological defences will have almost completed
their work by now. There is nothing I can do." There was no trace of pity in the
voice.

Lyle sighed, as if this only confirmed what he already knew.

"You may go now," the voice commanded.

Lyle hauled himself out of the chair and made his slow way for the door. His
companion made no attempt to assist this time, of which he was grateful. He
might as well leave with some dignity.

In the silence that followed, his remaining companion shifted uncomfortably.

"Come forward, Trig," the voice said.

Cautiously Trig approached to stand in front of the chair, having no intention
of sitting.

"I want you to watch the house where the purple-eyed girl is. I have given the
store across the road appropriate instructions. Gather what information you can,
and return to me if anything happens."

"Yes Sir," Trig responded with a nod, shoulder-length blonde hair threatening to
cover his vision.

"Please be discreet Trig, and speak of this to no one. I want no more episodes
like this morning."

"Yes Sir."

"Oh, and Trig..." He thought he detected a hint of amusement in the voice. "You
should keep whatever they give you."

"Err... Yes Sir," Trig replied, confused but obedient.



Sam suppressed a sigh of relief as she felt the hard, cold floor of the bathroom
under her feet. Evans' hands guided her down onto the towel still lying on the
floor.

Patiently she waited as the faint sound of running water reached her padded
ears. A bath was exactly what she needed, even better than a shower.

Her body ached all over, bruised muscles yearning for the warmth of the water.
Her anus burned painfully, the stretched muscles protesting with each movement
of her legs. Just thinking about it made her feel dirty all over.

The water stopped finally, and she could hear Evan undressing. She stood at his
touch and allowed him to guide her into the bath.

She sank down slowly, the hot water instantly soothing her poor muscles. He sat
behind her, holding her back against his chest.

Freed from sight and sound, her entire body tingled as she slid lower into the
water. She sighed, resting her head in his hands. The only thing that could make
this better, she thought with a smile, would be bubbles.

She felt Evan shifting against her, reaching to grab something. One hand snaked
down to part her legs, sending water flowing uncomfortably over her sore
genitalia.

The tip of a nozzle touched her sore anus, making her wince. He had filled it
whilst the bath was running, so she would have no idea. The nozzle slid in
easily and the water was released. Sam relaxed, grateful to wash the remains of
the men from her body.

"Thank you," she whispered, tears flowing freely from underneath the hood.

She rolled over and hugged him tightly, allowing herself to cry now. She felt
his arms encircle her, drawing her close to his warm chest.

She lay still for a while, content merely to be close to him. Sam felt his hands
pulling on her hood, removing the pads over her ears.

"Feel better?" he asked her. Sam nodded and released her hug, rolling over to
lie against him. She felt his erection growing against her back.

"I know what you want," she said softly, rubbing her back teasingly against him.
His hands slid around and underneath her top to cup her breasts, fingers softly
rubbing her nipples. Part of her couldn't believe she could get aroused after
the mornings events.

"You'll have to work for it," he whispered in her ear, and she felt him climbing
up onto the side of the bath.

Smiling, she rolled over and blindly felt her way up his legs. Her belly felt
pleasantly full as she wriggled forwards, her gloved hands closing triumphantly
around his shaft.

With only a slight hesitation she took the head of his cock into her mouth,
swirling her tongue across it teasingly. He shuddered in pleasure, restraining
himself from simply grabbing her head and taking what he wanted. This wasn't the
time for that.

Sam shifted forwards slightly to position herself, and then slowly took his
length into her mouth. She took a deep breath and pushed forwards, feeling him
touching the back of her throat, her tongue wriggling excitingly against the
sensitive skin.

Forcing down her gag reflex, she worked him closer to release, head bobbing in
time with his hot breathing. She had found that no matter how hard she tried, he
would never orgasm until he decided to. Regardless, she tried her hardest every
time, hoping she could beat his control with her skill.

She heard the bag gurgle its emptiness, and felt him move to clamp the tube.
Momentarily distracted, she took the chance and slid one hand down to rub his
anus, her fingers just holding back from penetration, and inhaled his entire
length.

He shuddered against her, feeling his hot shaft throbbing inside her mouth. So
close, she thought excitedly. He fumbled with the tube for a few extra moments,
nearly giving in to her ministrations.

"That's enough," he told her huskily, pulling on her hair to force her off him.

He slid back into the water with her. Sam twisted herself around on all fours,
presenting her behind to him. She wriggled hungrily, spreading herself wide. Her
body craved him.

He plunged into her from behind, making her squeal in surprise as he filled her
hot pussy.

The water sloshed in the bath as he pounded into her squirming body, splashing
over the edge and soaking the towel below.

Sam came quickly, a powerful orgasm turning her muscles into jelly. A long,
drawn out moan escaped her lips as he thrust deeply, pumping his fluids into her
loins.

Sam felt his hands lift her up and set her on the side of the bath, spreading
her legs wide.

She felt his fingers delve into her, rubbing the soft V of hair that pointed
down to her moist slit, his hot breath blowing across her pink folds.

She felt his mouth close over her lips, his teeth catching her clit whilst his
tongue swirled around the engorged organ.

Sam squirmed against the wall, breathing heavily as he worked her towards
another orgasm. Her gloved hands were locked in his hair, guiding him to where
she wanted. She knew that he would punish her for it later, but she didn't care.

He slid two fingers into her, sending her squealing into another orgasm as he
lapped at the juices that flowed freely from her.

Gently, Evan removed her hands from his hair and looked up, an amused smile on
his face. Sam slid lazily into his waiting arms. He lifted her from the bath and
replaced her on the toilet to expel.

The craving faded quickly, leaving Sam feeling like a slut. She hung her head in
shame.

"Don't worry," Evan reassured her, collecting towels to sop up the water all
over the floor.

"The feeling is a natural response to return to your owner." He reached over and
removed the hood, releasing her blonde hair from its confinement. Sam smiled
uncertainly, blinking at the bright light. She still wasn't sure that she liked
being physically bound to him.

Evan leant over and kissed her on the lips reassuringly.

"Hurry up and I might let you have some bubbles," he told her with a smile that
didn't reach his eyes. She could tell that something was concerning him.

"Yes Master," Sam replied, looking away. If he could ignore it, she would too.



Trig took up his position in the top floor of the shop. The voices' last words
were explained quickly. Once he had arrived, the owners were very anxious to
please him. After declining their hospitality in favour of doing his mission,
they had hastily offered their lovely youngest daughter as a gift, much to the
girls' dismay.

He had tried to decline politely, wondering what had happened for these people
to be that terrified of angering him, but they had insisted, and Boss did say to
keep whatever they gave.

He sat at the window of their daughters room, peering through the blinds whilst
its' 17-year-old occupant lay naked and bound beside him, squirming unhappily in
a neat hog-tie. The lovely red ball-gag filling her mouth completed the image of
a pig ready for the feast.

Trig was unsure what to do with the girl he had been handed. No doubt she
thought her life was going to be very short once they left; Trig knew he didn't
look like the kindest of people.

"Hey, it's okay," he reassured her uncertainly, reaching down to pat her exposed
buttocks. "I'm not going to kill you."

Apparently this did nothing to reassure the poor girl as she began squealing
like an animal and squirming all the harder, waving her lovely brown hair wildly
through the air.

He sighed, taking his attention away from the window to look for something to
cover her with. No doubt she was just cold, he thought.

He took the blanket off her bed, white with pink flowers over it, and wrapped
her up in it like a present, her tear-stained face protruding from the front.
She seemed to calm down slightly, feeling safer inside the flimsy covering.

Satisfied, Trig returned his gaze to the building across the road.



Julie jumped when the door opened, disturbing Susan who was sleeping fitfully on
the bed in a set of Sam's clothes.

Still naked, she glared at Evan as he walked in, her teeth biting down on the
gag. He had gotten dressed now, his hair damp from the bath.

"Keep that up and I'll give you something to be angry about," he told her, his
face darkening. She didn't flinch, daring him to touch her. He sighed in
disappointment.

"Very well," Evan said. He strode casually to the wardrobe and withdrew a pair
of cuffs and a length of fine chain.

Before Julie could react, he had her pinned against the bed and was locking the
cuffs around her wrists, pushing aside the earlier steel cuffs that now hung
like bracelets on each arm.

"Mm-mm-mph!" she squealed around the gag. Susan sat up in surprise, pulling the
sheets tightly around her as she watched in horror.

Attaching the cuffs to the length of chain, Evan dragged Julie off the bed like
a doll and threw the chain over a thick hook in the middle of the roof. He
pulled hard, drawing the chain through the hook and lifting Julies' arms above
her head until she was standing on her toes. Satisfied, Evan clipped the loose
end of the chain to her cuffs again.

"Now, it's time to start learning," Evan spoke loudly, bending down to pull a
long, thin cane out from underneath the bed. He swung it through the air
experimentally, nodding at the sound it made as it cut through the air.

Julie whimpered nervously, her arms stretched tightly above her head. She
wriggled her fingers, trying to unclip the chain.

"You've already noticed that you can heal injuries quickly," he said, walking
around behind her. She twisted her head in an attempt to follow his movement.

"Thus I have no worries of permanently injuring you. It also means this is going
to hurt like hell."

"Mm-mph-mm!" she protested, squirming like a worm on a hook. He was going to
beat her with it!

Evan ran the cane up her back, the smooth wood leaving a white trail where he
pressed hard. She flinched, arching her back to get away.

"I could keep it going for hours," he told her with a smile, circling around to
face her. The smile melted away as he continued walking.

"I dare say you two girls owe me your lives," he said, flashing a glance at
Susan. She flinched, sliding further into the corner of the room.

"Yet you spoke disrespectfully to me earlier and since I've gagged you, you have
not stopped glaring at me." He swung the cane hard, expertly bringing it to a
halt mere centimetres' off Julies' quivering buttocks. She gasped in fright,
feeling the air blow against her skin.

"As an older Master, you are obliged to respect me!"

There was a sharp hiss as the cane cut through the air, then a loud crack as it
slammed into Julies' exposed behind. She squealed in pain, lifting herself into
the air briefly. She swung from the hook before gaining her balance again. Her
eyes bulged wide as the pain cut through her like a knife.

He paused until the red line across her cheeks had faded, then swung again,
landing accurately on the same spot. She stiffened, holding back a yelp of pain.

"You might not know how to behave as a Mistress, and I can understand that. But
you are not in the least bit grateful for pulling you away from Moira!"

He sent two more punishing strokes of the cane into her behind quickly, bringing
tears to her eyes.

CRACK. CRACK.

 "No thank you!"

CRACK.

"Stop it!" Susan screamed at him, her eyes wet with tears. Evan halted the
caning and turned to her, his face neutral. She wilted under his gaze.

"You leave us here without... without any explanation," Susan sobbed, unable to
meet his eyes. "Then we get attacked and... and beaten... and... and you don't
deserve respect!" She caved in then, her last dregs of defiance spent. She
huddled into the corner of the bed, her back against the wall, and cried.

"This is not about punishment, Susan," Evan said after a moment, his eyes cold.
"I'm not being cruel. This is about self control, nothing more."

He turned to Julie who was watching warily. Could she stop him if he attacked
Susan? Her mind flashed back briefly to the events earlier and that burst of
strength... when she had... She pushed the thoughts away, shuddering in
remembered horror.

"Whether or not you wish to, I will teach you control."

He swung the cane hard this time, sending it slamming into her buttocks.

Julie jumped, barely keeping back the scream of pain that waited in her throat.
It hurt like he was using a knife with each hit, but she refused to cry for him;
she would not cry.

"Good, now you're learning. I will stop once the lines fade faster than I can
make them."

Julie clenched her fists as he began laying into her with the cane, the cane
blurring as it sliced through the air. Her cane stung like he was skinning her
alive, each impact a new layer of skin he cut off. It took all her concentration
not to scream and beg him to stop. She would not give in to him.

Evan paused to take off his shirt, sweat glistening on his bare skin. He
stretched his arms, flexing his fingers around the cane. Julie cringed inwardly;
she couldn't keep this up for much longer.

Catching her breath, she tried to think. He wanted her to heal the marks faster
than he could make them. Twisting, she looked down at her battered arse and
studied the rapidly fading lines that criss-crossed her pale flesh. Hopelessly
she tried willing them to disappear, but nothing occurred.

Her thoughts were interrupted as the cane cut viciously into her right cheek,
curving around her side slightly. In one smooth movement Evan swung the cane
back and hit the other side, bringing fresh tears to her eyes.

"I can keep going into the afternoon," he said in a conversational tone,
circling around. Julie fumed inwardly, wishing she knew what to do.

"Perhaps this will help motivate you!" Her eyes widened in horror as he raised
the cane in front of her and swung it hard, bringing it slicing upwards between
her legs.

She flung back her head and screamed into the gag when it hit, pain flaring in
her pussy like an explosion as the cane cut into the delicate petals that hid
between her thighs. She squirmed helplessly, hanging full on the chain as her
legs collapsed.

Swiftly, Evan glided around behind her and brought the cane slamming up between
her butt cheeks, slicing into the sensitive pink skin that hid there. Her body
convulsed in shock, her legs rising reflexively to protect the assaulted areas.

There was a slight pause before Julies' pain-fogged mind heard the hiss of the
cane once again. Some small part of her felt the thin wood slamming into the
raised and unprotected soles of her feet before the sensation disappeared.

Julie felt something shift inside as the pain stopped. The scream faded in her
throat as she froze in surprise. Forgetting everything around her, Julie focused
between her legs and the warm, pleasant feeling that was growing there.

I can do it, she told herself. Cautiously she directed the warmth to her feet,
at the slash that burned with distant pain. I should be worried that I can do
this, Julie thought to herself as the cane marks faded from her skin.

Evan smiled at her vacant look, holding the cane in both hands patiently. He
wondered how long it would take her to learn, remembering back to his own
painful days of education.

Julie straightened out and gained her balance again, breathing lightly. She
twisted to look at Evan, her eyes a mixture of anger and elation.

 "Do that on call once more and I'll let you down," he told her with a slight
smile. Julie raised an eyebrow at this; just once more?

Evan swung the cane, smacking it into her arse experimentally. Calmly she
absorbed the injury, the pain a distant thing to her now.

Evan blinked in surprise, alternating between looking at her piercing purple
eyes and the smooth skin of her behind in disbelief.

It's not supposed to be that easy, Julie realised with a soft smile.

Evan frowned in annoyance and sent the cane slamming hard into her thighs. Julie
flinched at the unexpected hit, but it didn't slow her reactions down.

Evan watched the red line disappear like he was hitting water, and felt the
first stirrings of anger. She shouldn't be able to do that so easily, he thought
to himself. It's not fair.

His face dark, Evan began laying into Julies' defenceless body, the cane hissing
as it laid stripe after stripe across her back. Each impact seemed to make him
angrier, hitting harder and harder.

Susan watched in mute horror, her fingers clenched tightly on the edge of Sam's
blanket. With each swoosh of the cane she flinched, catching her breath in
sympathy. She couldn't bear to watch, remembering her own beating at the hands
of the gang members, but she couldn't look away either, sick fascination driving
her to watch the lines that melted untraceably into her friends' skin.

Julie hung limply from the hook, her eyes closed in concentration. A part of her
was worried that she had angered Evan to such a level. To her it seemed like he
was beating another, remote person.

He circled around and sent a stinging blow across her exposed breasts, the soft
flesh momentarily distorting painfully with the impact. Julie flinched
reflexively, almost loosing her precarious insulation from the pain that he was
inflicting.

She turned her head slightly, glancing at Susan with lidded eyes. Each time he
hit she saw Susan wince in pain, her face a mask of horror.

To hell with her "training", enough was enough.

Carefully, she strained herself as high as she could go to get some slack in the
chain that held her erect. Twisting her fingers painfully, she found the heavy
clip that joined the two ends of the chain to her cuffs. Her fingers protesting
at the unnatural angle, she undid the clip.

She yanked her hands down triumphantly, the free end of the chain flinging up
through the hook in the roof. Evan halted in surprise as Julie jumped away from
him, hands groping behind her head at the gag.

She took up a position near the bed, quivering in nervous excitement as she
watched him warily. Her fingers finally undid the buckle behind her head, and
she spat out the gag, stretching her tired jaw muscles thankfully.

"Susan, we're leaving," Julie said finally, keeping her eyes focused on Evan.
Her mind was working furiously. She had to get rid of the cuffs, get dressed,
get Susan and herself past Evan and back to the orphanage; easy.

"O... Okay," Susan replied from behind.

"Where are the keys?" she asked him coldly. Evan smiled harshly, tapping the
cane against one hand. She knew how strong he was; there was no way both of them
could get past him. She clenched a fist in despair.

"Where are you going to go?" he asked her. "Moira will be hunting for you, and
you have no way of defending yourself."

"We'll take our chances without you," Julie told him, experimentally tugging on
the cuffs around her wrists. The broken cuffs sat further down her arms.

"Where are the keys?" she repeated. He reached into his pocket and pulled a set
of keys out.

"Right here," he said, shaking them slightly. He held the cane in one hand, his
knuckles white.

"Susan, get the keys," Julie told her, her eyes not leaving his. He seemed
completely different now. Why did she trust him in the first place?

Susan slid of the bed, shivering fearfully as she approached. Julie tensed as
Susan reached out to take the keys; her hand trembling uncontrollably. Julie saw
Evans' eyes grow cold a moment before he began swinging the cane backwards.

Julie moved.

For the second time that day, she felt strength flood through her body like an
avalanche. The cuffs fell apart like paper between her arms as she leaped
forward, her toes digging into the carpet. She saw his eyes widen in surprise as
she deflected the moving cane with one hand, moments before she slammed
head-along into his chest.

Julie heard his sharp exhalation as they both fell over, ending up in a heap
against the wall. Julie rolled off him quickly, not pausing to question what she
had just done. She stood and caught Susan by the arm, pulling her hastily out of
the room.

"Wait," Susan said, struggling to keep her balance as they ran down the hall.
"What about Sam?"

Julie winced. Would Sam be safe with Evan now?

"Sam can look after herself," Julie said over her shoulder, more to reassure
herself.

Almost jumping down the stairs, they reached the bottom and burst outside into
the cold.

"Shit!" Julie yelled as her unprotected feet touched the snow that blanketed
outside. The cold air blew across her naked skin as they ran around the side of
the building.

"We'll keep going," Julie told Susan, not stopping as they arrived at the
street. She would have to run back without clothes.



Trig watched Julies' caning with interest, his eyes glued to the window. Damn
that girl is tough, he thought to himself.

He raised an eyebrow when the chain came free and she backed away from her
punisher. They spoke for a moment, and then another girl entered his view.

Trig instantly forgot about the other girl, focusing entirely on the red-haired
beauty across the road. His eyes noted that she moved strangely, her legs
slightly apart. Curious, he thought interestedly, studying her figure as she
reached out to take something from the man.

Trig shifted uncomfortably, not hearing the whimper of the girl below as she saw
the bulge of his erection. Her fear of imminent death was replaced with imminent
rape, followed by death. She began sobbing hopelessly, attempting to curl
herself deeper underneath the protective blanket.

Suddenly the black-haired girl flung herself with surprising speed at the man,
sending them both into the wall out of his view. He frowned, sitting straighter,
one hand instinctively reaching for a gun that wasn't there.

He saw a brief flash of the red-haired girl before they both disappeared out of
the room.

"Shit," he cursed, standing up. He glanced down at the girl by his side.

Seeing that he was now paying attention to her, the girl resumed squirming,
staring at him pleadingly and whimpering. Trig sighed, glancing out the window
anxiously.

"Sorry girlie, Boss said I get to keep what I'm given. So I guess you belong to
me now," he said, reaching down to pat her cheek possessively.  The girl began
crying hopelessly, shying away from his hand.

"Hey now," Trig said absently, checking the window again. "It's not that bad.
Now, promise not to make a fuss and I'll take out that gag."

She chocked back her sobs enough to nod.

Trig squatted down and undid the buckle behind her head, tugging the gag gently
from her mouth.

"Don't... hurt me," she pleaded in a soft, musical voice, her words quaking with
her sobs.

"What's your name, girlie?" Trig asked gently, glancing out the window again.

"Em... Emily," she sobbed, attempting to curl further into the protective
blanket. Trig patted her head approvingly.

"I'm not going to hurt you Emily. You just behave yourself and everything will
be fine."

Emily closed her wide, brown eyes in defeat, her head filled with images of her
violent rape and dismemberment. Tears slid silently down her soft cheeks. How
could her parents have done this to her?

Trig sighed to himself, glancing out the window again.

"Shit," he said, seeing the two girls running down the street. He tugged the
blanket from around the distraught girl and began undoing her bonds.

"Get dressed," he commanded tersely. "We're going out."



--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading.

--




Chapter 8 - Close Friends



Kate whimpered unhappily as the black latex hood encasing her head was pulled
free, fresh air blowing across her sticky, pale skin. Blinking her eyes blindly,
she squirmed as the rest of her latex prison was peeled from her body. Pain shot
through her shoulders as the arm-binder was removed, her fingers twitching with
freedom.

The dildos slid wetly from her body, leaving her orifices gaping wide as the
muscles slowly realised they could tighten now. She felt empty, yearning for the
comforting fullness they provided.

Slowly beginning to adjust to the light, she peered through lidded eyes. There
was someone standing over her...

Water blasted into her from above, making her squeal in fright. She curled into
a ball as the high-pressure water slammed into her defenceless body, washing her
skin clean.

The water stopped thankfully, allowing her to open her eyes again. The light
seemed to clear her fogged mind, illuminating memories and sensations.

Kate... Kate... the word ran through her thoughts. It meant something. She
struggled to think as hands wrapped themselves around her naked, wet body and
helped her into a standing position.

She grew more frustrated, desperately searching for its' meaning, as if some
part of her knew that the word could save her. She whimpered softly, swaying
uncertainly as the hands tenderly towelled her dry.

Still lost in thought, she felt herself being lain down on something soft and
silky. It slid sensually against her skin, distracting her. She felt the
presence of another body nearby, making her nervous. A hand pushed against her
smooth head, moving her lips up against a warm, soft breast.

Instantly she forgot everything, happiness flooding through her as she drew the
soft nipple into her mouth and suckled. Slowly, she began drawing milk from the
breast in her mouth, swallowing hungrily.

She felt a mouth latch on to her own swollen breast, making her pause in
surprise. She wriggled excitedly, enjoying the pleasant sensation of the warm
mouth drawing on her nipple.

A small part of her realised that Kate was her name, but it was too late.



Julie staggered through the snow, leaning on Susan as they made their way down
the street. She was rapidly loosing feeling in her unprotected extremities, her
fingers and toes already numb.

"Almost there," Susan said encouragingly, looking up at the orphanage that lay
at the end of the street.

"S...so c... c... cold," Julie stammered as they walked. They ran the first few
blocks before slowing down, Susan unable to keep up the pace that Julie set,
unencumbered by protective boots. The cold began its slow attack on Julies'
body, sapping her strength with every moment outside.

They arrived at the silent building minutes later, Julies' body feeling cold
against Susan's hands. She was barely standing.

Thankfully the door opened when Susan tried the handle, letting out a burst of
warm air. She helped Julie in and then closed the door.

Both girls were soaking wet, leaving muddy footprints across the floor as they
headed for the bathroom.

"What on earth do you girls think you're doing!?" The headmistress came up
behind the girls, the cane held in her hand dangerously.

"Do you think you can just walk in here and leave mud and water everywhere? And
where are your clothes, Miss?" Susan twisted to face the woman, her face dark
with anger.

"I'd like to see you looking better after just being beaten and raped by a gang
of armed men," she called back hotly, not pausing in her stride. The
headmistress blinked in surprise, speechless for a moment; unused to people
talking back at her.

Susan ignored the indignant headmistress, focusing on balancing Julies' dead
weight. She was getting heavier each moment as she hovered on unconsciousness,
her body shutting down from the cold.

The headmistress ran to catch up, putting one arm around Julie to help her.
Susan grunted appreciatively, pausing for a moment.

 "We need to get her somewhere warm," the headmistress said concernedly, lifting
Julies' head up gently. She was breathing shallowly, her eyes lidded and
unfocused.

"Come to my office," she told Susan, and began walking back the way they came.

Susan had no choice but to follow. The headmistress knew more about what to do
than she did.



They arrived at her office quickly, carrying the unconscious Julie between them.
The headmistress guided Julie down onto the floor and locked the door behind
them before disappeared into an adjoining room.

She returned moments later with a stack of blankets. Hastily she towelled Julie
dry and began piling the blankets on top of her.

Then she began stripping off her clothes.

"What are you doing?" Susan asked in surprise.

"Body heat is the best way to get her warm. Hurry, we need to strip and get in
with her."

Leaving her black bra and panties on, the headmistress slid underneath the
blankets covering Julie and held her close. Susan was surprised to find the
woman quite attractive underneath all the clothing she wore.

Quickly Susan began taking her damp clothing off. Unwilling to reveal the belt,
she left her bra and pants on, and made to get in beside Julie.

"And the pants," the headmistress said disapprovingly, frowning at Susan.

Susan whimpered, reluctantly sliding down her pants. The belt stood out
obviously between her legs, its steel surfaces shining with faint moisture.

"What the hell?" The headmistress sat up in surprise, staring at Susan. "What is
that?"

"Please... don't ask..." Susan said miserably, crouching down to slide in next
to Julie. Julies' skin was freezing to the touch, like ice. She could feel Julie
stealing her warmth with every moment.

"I'd like to know why one of my girls is wearing a chastity belt... Susan?"

"I... I don't want to talk about it," Susan said, closing her eyes dismissively
and drawing closer to Julie.

"Did the men... did they put it on you?" Susan shook her head.

"No," she said with a grim smile. "It... saved me from them."

Julie stirred, saving her from any more questions.

"Susan?" Julie asked, raising her head weakly.

"Just relax," the headmistress said.

Julie shut her eyes again, trying to summon the warmth from inside her. She
shuddered as it bloomed inside her, warmth flowing out through her body.

"What the...?" The headmistress sat up in surprise, feeling Julie warming
steadily. Her breathing grew faster, colour returning to her blue lips.

In one swift move Julie rolled over and trapped a surprised Susan underneath
her.

"I'm sorry," she said helplessly, before wrapping her arms around Susan's head
and giving her a deep kiss.

Susan struggled for a moment, her eyes wild as she attempted to break the kiss.
She could feel Julies' tongue probing around her clenched teeth, searching for a
gap into her warm mouth.

"Get off her now!" the headmistress shrieked, standing up in horror at the
blatant lesbianism being displayed in her office. She seemed frozen in
disbelief.

Susan grudgingly relaxed her jaw, allowing Julie to take what she needed. She
hated the thought of another woman's tongue in her mouth, but she knew Julie
needed it, if not why.

Julie felt her primal urge fading, stated once again. She broke the kiss with
Susan, rolling off her distressed friend.

"I'm sorry," she repeated shamefully, sitting up.

"Sorry isn't going to cut it, miss. You two girls have a lot of explaining to
do." The headmistress, realising that she didn't look very formidable clad in
only her underwear, hastily began dressing.

Julie sighed, wondering how she was going to explain things; the truth?

She tugged free one of the blankets and drew it around her.  No sense freezing
twice in one day. She felt Susan shuffle up beside her.

"Don't worry about it," Susan whispered. "I guess... it's what I'm for." She
smiled softly, but Julie could see how it hurt her.

"You've saved me twice so far," Julie said, frowning. "You're more than...just
food, Susan."

"Are you two sluts quite finished?" the headmistress asked, leaning impatiently
against her desk.

Julie turned to glare at her, her purple eyes shining in the light.

"Don't look at me like that, or I'll give you something to be angry about."
Julie swallowed and looked down at the floor, remembering the last time someone
had said that. She wondered whether Evan would come looking for her.

"First off, I want some answers. Where were you this morning? And where are Kate
and Alexis?"

Julie winced at the mention of Kate. She wondered where her friend was; what had
Moira done?

"We don't know where... Kate or Alexis are," Julie told her truthfully.

"This morning..." she trailed off as there was a knock on the door.

"What?" The headmistress snapped, storming over to the door and flinging it
open.

"Err... Hello," Trig said, taken aback by her anger. "I'm looking for a...
purple-eyed girl? I was told you could help."

 "Yes, Julie is here. Can this wait?" The headmistress stood in the doorway,
glowering at him.

"No," he said flatly. "Can I come in?" he asked, moving forwards until they
almost touched. He stood a head higher than the headmistress, staring down
threateningly.

Not being one to give in, she looked up at him unfazed.

"No," she said flatly. Trig shrugged and pushed past her easily.

"Mistress Julie," he said, bowing slightly. "My Master respectfully offers you
and your friend," he glanced slightly at Susan, "his hospitality, and requests
to meet at the earliest possible time."

"Mistress... Master... Get the fuck out of my office!" The headmistress yelled
angrily, feeling control of the situation disappearing rapidly.

Julie stood uncertainly, facing Trig

"I... err... would be delighted," she said after a moment, unsure but glad of a
reason to escape the headmistress.

"You're not going anywhere, you little slut," the headmistress announced,
rounding on Julie.

She stiffened suddenly, feeling Trigs' large hand latch onto the collar of her
top.

"Is this... woman being annoying, Miss?"

"Get off me!" the headmistress shrieked, squirming as he lifted her slightly off
the ground. Her eyes bulged in outrage.

Susan was staring at him in awe. Who was this guy?

"Um..." Julie was unsure how to respond. "Yes," she said after a moment.

Swiftly Trig strode over and sent the headmistress sprawling over her desk.
Ignoring her shrieks of outrage, he pinned her arms behind her back and pulled
her pants down around her ankles.

She began howling in terror as he removed her black panties, exposing the smooth
orbs of her buttocks.

As Susan, Julie, and a growing crowd outside the door watched in amazement, Trig
proceeded to swat her arse with the palm of his hand.

The first slap echoed around the completely silent room. The headmistress froze
in her struggling, unwilling to believe he was spanking her.

The second slap brought her to life.

"LET GO OF ME!" she screamed, struggling against his firm grip and sending the
contents of her desk crashing to the ground.

Ignoring her cries, Trig continued spanking her until she had been reduced to
tears, her behind bright red. He released her hands and lifted her upright by
her top.

"Watch your language," he told her sternly, then released his grip. She slumped
to the ground, sobbing brokenly.

"We can go now if you want, Miss," Trig said casually. Julie looked up from
staring at the headmistress, who was painfully pulling up her pants.

"Ah... I'll get some clothes first." She pulled the blanket tighter and headed
for the doorway. She frowned at the crowd assembled outside.

"Show's over," Julie told them, trying to hide a smile as she closed the door on
them.



The two girls dressed quickly, taking clothes from the headmistress' adjoining
bedroom. Susan wore the clothes she had borrowed from Samantha, since nothing
fitted her small figure.

Trig waited passively, standing guard over the headmistress who cowered before
him.

Julie wondered if she would ever be able to return after this, then realised she
didn't care. There was nothing here for her. All she had were a few possessions
to collect, and there would be no reason to return.

"Um... what does your Master mean by... hospitality?" Julie asked, not quite
ready to leave so easily.

"My Master offers the young Mistress 'food, shelter and answers'," Trig
repeated.

"If I may..." he offered softly. "His offer is... gracious. You would be better
off than staying here." He glanced down at the headmistress at his feet
disdainfully.

"Do I have a choice?" Julie asked, frowning.

"My Master won't let you run free easily," Trig said shrugging.

Julie sighed. "I need to collect a few things then," she told him.

"Are you insane?" the headmistress said, regaining her voice. "You're going to
leave with this... man... just like that?!"

"I don't know what I am," Julie said after a long pause. "I'll be back," she
announced, and opened the door.

There were only a few people outside as she ran to her room upstairs. She sighed
gloomily as she entered the room. She missed Kate.

She slid the small wooden case of her possessions from underneath her bed. The
latch opened at her touch, the lid creaking open with disuse.

She pulled out the small necklace that she had owned for as long as she could
remember. Now that she saw it, she recognised the design.

Two golden figures, male and female in their detailed nakedness, curled their
elongated bodies around each other with hands raised to grip the fine silver
chain. Together they held a circular purple gem between their spread legs, knees
touching either side of its polished surfaces. Both figures had their eyes
closed, their faces masks of pleasure, accentuated by the thick erection that
protruded visibly from between the males' legs.

It was surprisingly similar to the symbol that adorned her bellybutton.

Julie slid it over her head and tucked the necklace away, the two figures
sliding down between the soft warmth of her breasts.

She lifted out the only other item, her water-proof 6 inch silver vibrator. The
batteries were long dead, she remembered wistfully, recalling the secret fun she
had had with it.

Guiltily she slipped it into her pocket and shut the box, sliding it back under
her bed.

She glanced over the little room, wondering if she would return.

...Hopefully not.



Trig led the two girls out to his car outside. Julie climbed in the front and
Susan sat in the back.

"Hi there," Susan said uncertainly to the girl sitting awkwardly in the back
seat.

"Ah... Hello," the girl said weakly, sinking back into her seat. She flinched
when Trig climbed in, watching him nervously.

"What's the matter?" Susan asked her.

"This is Emily," Trig said when the girl didn't respond. Emily flinched again as
he spoke.

Susan stared at her uneasily, wondering why she was hiding inside a thick
jacket.

Trig spoke once to introduce himself, but Emily ignored all attempts at
conversation. Julie watched him carefully, noting how he kept looking at Susan
and Emily in his mirrors; especially Susan. He seemed to be drinking her image
in.

They reached the middle of town in a few minutes, driving in through a gate that
opened automatically for them. Inside, pristine white fields of snow surrounded
a several story manor.

"You live here?" Julie asked in amazement, staring out the window. She had seen
this place many times from outside, but had never seen anyone go in or out.

"Yep," Trig replied. "This is my Master's place."

"Wow," Susan said softly, her eyes roving over the white-covered building. She
was staying here? She giggled excitedly.

Trig parked outside the front and climbed out. As Julie and Susan exited, he
moved around and helped Emily out. She looked forlorn as they walked to the
door, keeping her arms tightly wrapped around her waist. Susan watched her
warily, unwilling to simply go and ask. Maybe she was just unwell.

"Hurry up now, it's as cold as a witch's tit out here," Trig called back,
holding the door open for them. Despite being made of mostly glass, the entrance
to the manor was surprisingly warm.

"Master wants to meet for dinner," Trig told them as they walked upstairs. "So
you've got time to clean up and do those "girl" things, right?"

"Err... okay," Julie replied, smiling at his rough attitude.

"Here we go," he announced, opening a door at the top of the stairs.

"You can go next door," he said, glancing at Susan and nodding down the hall.
"They share a bathroom, but that won't be a problem, eh?" He flashed an eyebrow
at Susan, grinning. She blushed and looked at the floor.

"Anyways, I'll send up a girl to help you around," he said, catching Emily by
the arm. "See you ladies in an hour?"

He strode off down the stairs again, leading Emily gently behind him.

Susan whimpered once he was gone, following Julie into the room.

"I have to get rid of this belt!" she said, pulling off her jacket and lifting
her shirt to touch the steel locked firmly around her waist.

"It's driving me crazy. I hate sitting in it, I hate walking in it, and I hate
bending over in it!" She looked desperately at Julie. "I don't want to spend my
life in it!"

"Stop complaining," Julie sighed. "I can't do anything about it!"

"You have no idea what it's like to wear," Susan continued. "All I can think of
is... touching my self!"

"Why don't we get cleaned up first?" Julie suggested, stripping off
nonchalantly. "Perhaps our host can remove it for you."

"You think so?" Susan said excitedly, slipping out of her clothes.

"You had better hope so," Julie said, disappearing into the bathroom. "Or else
you'll have to ask for an enema tomorrow."

Susan fell silent, the colour draining from her face. Hastily she followed Julie
into the bathroom.

The room was small, with a single basin, toilet, and a bath with a showerhead
above it.

Susan searched the room hastily for an enema kit, but the cupboard produced only
soap and towels.

"I'll ask someone for you, okay?" Julie promised, leaning over to run the bath.
Susan nodded silently, waiting with both hands crossed self-consciously over her
breasts.

"Pretty necklace," Susan remarked when the two girls were seated either end of
the bath. She was hugging her knees protectively, fingers locked together.

"It was my mothers," Julie replied absently, placing it on the edge of the bath.
She began covering her upper body in soap, rubbing the slippery substance in
under her arms. Susan blushed and looked away when she ran her hands over her
breasts, cupping the soft flesh and gently rubbing the soap into her skin.

"Mm-mm," Julie sighed contently, disappearing underneath the water. Susan
flinched, moving further towards the end of the bath as Julies' feet slid
closer. Susan shifted uncomfortably as she found herself stuck between Julies'
legs.

Julie sat up suddenly, shaking the water from her hair.

"There we go," she said, then stood up in the bath and began soaping her legs.

Susan swallowed hard, attempting to be casual as Julie bent down to wash her
feet. Her eyes were drawn to her friends' hairless vulva in fascination, the
pale white lips glistening with water.

Julies' hands slid upwards, casually soaping between her buttocks.

Susan shut her eyes suddenly. I like men, she told herself firmly. I'm not a
lesbian! She forced herself to think about Trig, imagining what it would be like
if it had been her over that table instead of the headmistress, his rough hands
gently caressing her buttocks as she squirmed helplessly underneath.

One hand slid downwards dreamily, heading between her thighs. The dream
shattered as her fingers touched steel, making her realise just what she would
have done. She let her hand drift away casually, trying to ignore the hungry
throbbing from her caged clit, craving sexual release.

Susan jumped as a soft hand touched her shoulder, her eyes flinging open in
surprise. Julie smiled at her, running a soapy hand down Susan's arm.

"Relax," Julie told her soothingly, feeling Susan tense under her gentle touch.

"Don't..." Susan protested weakly, her wide eyes following Julies' hand down her
leg.

She relaxed slowly as Julie began covering her in soap, twisting around
obediently to show her back.

Julie soaped her back quickly, her hands running up and down Susan's spine. She
paused a moment, then hesitantly slid her hands underneath Susan's arms.

Ever so gently she began soaping Susan's stomach, moving higher each time. She
kept moving closer until her own breasts brushed against Susan's back.

Susan whimpered uncomfortably as Julies' hands ran just below her small breasts,
the soap sliding sensually down her skin. Susan shut her eyes in an attempt to
ignore the growing need in her as Julie cupped her breasts gently, thumbs
stroking her sensitive nipples.

She tried to pull away; Julies' arms gently but firmly holding her close. She
wriggled weakly, but Julie simply waited until she gave up, allowing Julie to
continue washing her.

Gradually she relaxed, starting to enjoy the intimate touch. It's only Julie,
she told herself reassuringly.

"Lie back," Julie whispered, placing her hands on Susan's shoulders and guiding
her down.

Nervously, Susan slid down until only her head protruded from above the water,
her head resting between Julies' thighs. She tried to relax, uncomfortably aware
of Julies' pubis only millimetres from her head.

She was so horny. She needed to cum so bad! Susan shifted nervously, trying to
fight the throbbing of her engorged clit. At that moment she would have
willingly lost her virginity to the first man that walked in the door, had the
belt been taken off. Her imprisoned pussy yearned to be filled with a man, to be
licked and eaten out until she collapsed from exhaustion.

Julie shifted underneath her, making her aware once again of how close she was.
Denied her own release, Susan felt a growing need to please someone else... to
please her owner.

I am not a lesbian, Susan screamed silently as she rolled over and looked up at
Julie, her eyes filled with lust.

"I... I..." Susan stammered, unable to say it. Julie stared at her. She knew
what Susan wanted to do, and she almost knew why.

"I know," she said finally, lifting herself up onto the edge of the bath.

"I'm... not a... lesbian,' Susan managed, more to reassure herself. Julie smiled
kindly.

"Don't worry. I... it's a... an ownership thing," Julie said, struggling to put
it into words what she felt.

She watched as Susan slid up the bath to kneel between her legs uncertainly. She
looked up slowly, her eyes lingering on the smooth wetness between her legs.

"You don't have to..." Julie told her gently.

Susan shut her eyes and leaned forward, drawing in Julies' scent. She stuck her
tongue out and ran it around Julies' labia experimentally, tasting her.

She hesitated, torn between her fear of sex, and the powerful urges that were
taking over her body.

She gave in, her mouth closing over Julies' sex as her tongue darted in between
the soft lips.

Julie quivered as Susan began to lick her slit, tongue darting around her
engorged clitoris before slipping away teasingly. She had never felt anything
like it. She and Kate had washed each other before, slept together, but it had
never been overtly sexual; nothing like this.

Julie arched her back and spread her legs wider as Susan began tonguing the
entrance to her slick canal, penetrating ever so slightly.

"Mm-mm," Julie moaned as Susan sucked on her clit, drawing the sensitive organ
between her lips and licking the tip.

Susan found herself thinking back to her experience with Moira, remembering what
she had enjoyed and trying it with Julie. Her face was wet with secretions, her
nose full of Julies' unique scent. Every breath made her quiver, going straight
to her sex. She was maddeningly horny; feeling like the slightest touch would
make her orgasm; a touch that wouldn't come.

She felt Julie slide a hand down to grip her hair, gently guiding her head.
Susan could feel her approaching orgasm, her breathing heavy.

"Uh," Julie grunted as she came, flooding Susan's open mouth with her juices.
Susan stiffened in surprise, letting them run down her face. She felt like
swallowing everything, but she resisted, too horrified by the concept.

Julie released her head, panting contentedly.

"Thank you," she said breathlessly, glancing down at Susan. Susan looked back
sheepishly, ashamed by what she had done. She slid back down to the other end of
the bath and quickly washed her face.

She looked up at Julie, and then glanced at the girl who was standing patiently
in the doorway.

"Oh fuck!" Susan said, turning bright red and hugging her knees hastily. "Don't
you know how to knock?" she asked, staring at her in horror. How much had she
seen?

The girl just smiled, smoothing her plain white skirt.

"Mistress Julie, I have come to assist you for dinner." Blushing, Julie
attempted to act casual as she climbed out of the bath.

"Ah... thanks," Julie said uncertainly, wrapping a towel around her self. "What
do you want me to do then?"

The girl smiled casually.

"Just come this way." Julie shrugged and followed her out, giving Susan a short
smile before shutting the door.

"Hi," said a timid voice from behind. Susan stiffened, blushing terribly.

"Have you been watching too?" she asked miserably, looking over her shoulder.

"No, no," the young girl replied, shaking her head. "I waited out here until she
was gone." She put an emphasis on "she", glancing at the door meaningfully.

"Little slut gets off on watching other people enjoy themselves." Susan smiled
uncertainly.

"Come on, I'll get you something to wear," the girl said, offering a towel.

Susan climbed out of the bath and stepped into the towel, allowing her self to
be dried off. I could get used to this, she thought with a smile.



--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading, and helping with ideas.

--




Chapter 9 - Night to Remember



Julie waited at the dinner table, trying unsuccessfully to be patient. Absently
she picked up a fork and studied the tiny nude female figure engraved into its
smooth surface.

"Master will be here in a moment" Trig called from the opposite side of the
table, putting the jug down and leaning lazily back in his chair to sip at the
drink.

Julie nodded, returning her fork to the table. She shifted uncomfortably,
getting used to the feeling of the g-string she wore. Although slightly
exciting, she found herself wanting to pull it free, unused to the sensation.

The maid who had helped her dress had attempted to make Julie wear something
that would have looked out of place anywhere but in a fetish club. It had been
mostly leather, and not much of it.

Julie had flat out refused, and in the end they agreed on knee-high black boots,
a leather skirt and a tight, low cut leather top that lifted her breasts
suggestively. Her hair hung down over the back of the chair, shining slightly in
the light. Julie barely managed to escape wearing black shoulder-length gloves,
already uncomfortable in her outfit and feeling like a teenage dominatrix.

She caught herself attempting to adjust her underwear again and placed her hands
firmly in her lap, chastising herself.

Susan appeared in the doorway, hiding herself behind the wall. The room was
fairly large compared to the table set in the middle of it. The corners were
dimly seen shadows, while the table was brightly lit from above. Seeing Trig,
Susan faltered, almost unwilling to go in.

"Go on," encouraged the maid behind her. Susan sighed and cautiously made her
way to her seat.

She swayed uncertainly, unused to balancing in heels.  Every step was
accompanied with squeaking sound from black leather boots that reached half-way
up her thighs.

The chastity belt shone around her waist, alone in a sea of soft, pale pink
skin. A very tight, slightly transparent silver top framed her breasts with a
black trim, her small nipples showing prominently through the flimsy covering.
Her arms were encased in a similar reflective fabric, crossed self-consciously
underneath her breasts.

The final item she wore was a silver collar, glinting in the light as she moved
to sit down. Her red hair had been pulled back into a ponytail, making her look
even younger than she was.

Trig stared in admiration at the sight of the silvery young teenager. His eyes
spotted the chastity belt that sat tightly between her legs, explaining her
strange way of walking.

Julie blinked in surprise, totally unprepared for what Susan was wearing. She
looked like a man's wet-dream; shy, innocent and beautiful.

"You look... lovely," Julie complemented her when they were seated together.
Susan blushed and adjusted her top.

"I've never worn something like this. I feel so... naked," she admitted
awkwardly.

Trig shifted to hide his growing erection. The thought of such a creature
wearing a chastity belt made him quiver with delight. His thoughts drifted to
Emily, bound and gagged in his room with a vibrator buzzing happily in her
pussy. The look she had given him, squirming in her first orgasm, made him smile
in recollection.

"I have to get this belt off," Susan whispered to Julie. "It's driving me mad!"

"I said I'll ask for you," Julie reminded her. If her obviously engorged nipples
were anything to go by, Julie had a good idea of what those plugs were doing to
her friend.

"Good evening ladies," said a rough voice. Julie turned to see a tall, shadowy
man standing in the doorway. She could see that he was fully clothed in black as
he stepped into the light, a strip of cloth hiding his face from the collar of
his long-sleeved shirt to the ridge of his nose.

"I apologise for being late," he said as he took his seat. "You must be Susan,"
he said, indicating the nervous girl with a wave of a gloved hand. She nodded
silently.

"Then you are Julie?"

"That's me," Julie replied; her brow creased in curiosity.

"You may call me Simeon," he told them with a respectful nod, his short black
hair falling forwards slightly

Julie shifted uncomfortably, unsure what to say. Absently she tugged at her
underwear again.

"We will talk later, food comes first," he said, his eyes lighting with a smile.

Starving, Julie picked out the smell of food moments before several eye-catching
maids glided in carrying dinner. She recognised the girl who had helped her
dress amongst them.

"Are you not eating?" Julie asked, noticing nothing arrived for Simeon.

"I will eat later," he explained with a dismissive wave. The alternatively white
and black-clad girls left the room quickly, leaving the four alone.

Simeon poured himself a drink and then produced a straw that slid through a
small slit in the cloth. Julie raised an eyebrow as she ate, curious as to why
he seemingly hid his skin from view.

"Excuse my poor conversation, but I rarely have guests," Simeon told them. "I'm
not used to this."

He paused thoughtfully as the girls ate. Julie watched his eyes, noting the
strange colouring where the light reached his exposed skin. It seemed to be
black in some areas, and white in others. Perhaps it was just the light, but she
couldn't pick his eye-colour either.

"I am pleased that you accepted my offer of hospitality," Simeon announced.
"Although, it would have been fun to bring you in nicely tied up," he added with
a chuckle.

"Tell me, Susan, where did you get that belt?" he asked curiously. Susan seemed
to wilt, hunching over her plate silently.

"We... met a woman called Moira," Julie told him after a moment. He stiffened,
turning to stare at her intensely.

"Moira... did she have red eyes; wearing lots of black?" His tone was deathly
serious.

"Yeah, that's her. She... kidnapped Susan and two other girls from the orphanage
last night." Simeon frowned pensively.

"I am sorry," he said after a long moment, "but... I doubt there is anything I
can do for them now. Moira works quickly." He was silent again, looking deeply
concerned.

 "Trig will be able to help you with the belt," Simeon said suddenly to Susan.
She glanced at Trig, smiling slightly as he paused in mid-bite. He smiled back
at her, trying to focus on her face rather than the smooth curves of her silvery
breasts. She blushed under his gaze and looked down at her meal, trying to
ignore the insistent throbbing between her legs. He could free her, she thought
excitedly. Would she be able to stop herself from pouncing on him like a bitch
in heat?

They ate in silence afterwards.

"I will contact the Council and see about getting you formally recognised,"
Simeon informed Julie when they had finished.

"Formally recognised?" Julie said, confused. She didn't want anyone else to know
about what she was.

"Yes. If you're not, I could claim you as my property." Julie swallowed hard.

"W... Why are you doing this for us?" she asked, staring at him warily.

"Trig, help Susan tonight," he commanded, standing up and walking to the door.

"I'm doing this," he said, pausing in the doorway and taking a deep breath. "I'm
doing this because you're the only other hybrid who has lived."

Julie sat in silence, frustrated by his departure. She had a million questions
to ask him! What did he mean, the only hybrid that had lived? Was she supposed
to be dead? Was she going to die?

"Damn it, why did he just leave like that?" Julie asked Trig in annoyance,
suppressing her morbid thoughts.

"It's probably something to do with this "Moira" woman," he said dismissively.
Julie frowned impatiently; she couldn't wait for answers!

"Can you tell me anything?" she asked, raising an eyebrow hopefully.

"I guess so," he shrugged.

"What... what am I?" she asked nervously, unsure whether she wanted to know the
answer.

"You're a Mistress," Trig replied frustratingly.

"Am I... human?" Trig smiled.

"As human as me or Susan," he told her, glancing at Susan briefly.

"I don't know much about your... abilities; Master was never able to explain it
well to me. What I understood is that your body is... different; smarter, or
something like that." Trig shrugged.

"So I'm not... an alien, or anything like that?" Julie asked; relief evident in
her voice. Trig laughed.

"Not that I know of," he said truthfully.

Julie fell silent, thinking about what he had told her. She wasn't sure about
Trig, but he seemed to think she was human. A million more questions came to
mind.

"What will happen to Susan now that she has... my mark?" Susan looked up at the
mention of her name.

"She'll heal faster... she'll feel more and more like she has to defer to
you..." Trig lowered his voice, staring at Susan. "And she'll be compelled to
please you, make you happy, and also... sexually."

Susan let out a squeak and looked down at the table, blushing profusely.

Trig chuckled, feeling his erection return at the thought of the two girls
together. He made a mental note to ask the maids about it.

"Most people don't take someone of the same sex," Trig explained, smiling as if
it meant something.

"It was a... an accident," Julie said, feeling her face heating.

"Anyway, let's get that belt off," he said suddenly, standing up. "Can you find
your way back to your rooms?" The girls nodded.

"I'll grab my tools and meet you there."



The two girls walked silently back through the sleeping building; Julie lost in
thought and Susan in a sexual haze.

Julie was unsure if she liked the idea of Susan as her pet. She thought of the
girl as a friend, not a sex slave. Julie realised then that she had as much of a
choice as Susan. She would have to be her Mistress, and Susan would be her
teenage sex toy.

They arrived outside their rooms, and went their separate ways. Julie slid out
of her leather clothing, tugging free the g-string from between her cheeks. The
batteries she had quietly asked the maid for waited on the bed. She locked the
doors carefully, and then slid the vibrator from its hiding place underneath her
pillow.

Her hands shaky, she removed the long-dead batteries and replaced them. The
device came alive in her hand as she replaced the cover, making her nearly drop
it in surprise. She giggled naughtily, realising she hadn't turned it off when
it had gone flat.

Julie exchanged the rooms light for the bedside lamp, turning the corners of the
room into shadows. The room felt warm and cosy as she slipped her naked body in
between the covers.

Vibrator in hand, she slid it down between her legs, running its smooth surface
through her lips. It emerged slick with moisture.

I should wear a g-string more often; Julie thought as she slipped the toy in
between her folds and turned it on high.

She moaned softly, reaching out to turn off the light. The vibrator quickly
pushed away all her troubles.



Susan sat impatiently on the bed, glancing every few seconds at the closed door.
Her boots and gloves lay on the floor beside her feet, leaving her dressed in
only the belt, flimsy top and her collar. Her nipples stood out proudly through
the silver fabric, constant beacons of her arousal.

She was apprehensive of being free of the belt, worried by what she might do.
She could feel her muscles rippling hungrily over the dildo buried in her sex,
willing it to screw her senseless. Susan realised that her arousal was plain to
see, her liquids glistening around her imprisoned pussy.

"Don't think about sex," she whispered firmly, hastily wiping her self dry with
a corner of the blanket.

There was a knock at her door.

"Come in," she called, trying to contain herself. Trig let himself in quietly,
locking the door. Susan felt her face heat up as he looked her over, her eyes
following his as they roamed over the naked expanse of her skin.

"Come into the bathroom," he said, tearing his eyes from her. He turned away
hastily, trying to hide his awakened manhood as he walked.

He laid a towel out on the floor as Susan followed, her bare feet slapping
against the tiles. She lay down on it slowly, keeping her eyes on him as he took
out a set of lock-picks.

"Spread your legs," he told her, placing a hand on her thigh.

She quivered at his touch, watching him for any sign he found her attractive. He
was silent and professional; his hands steady as he worked on the first lock
directly over her crotch.

She lay back and shut her eyes dreamily. She dreaded being locked in this state
for the rest of her life, but part of her did not want it off.

The front plate came free silently. He felt his erection growing as he studied
the pink folds that lay surrounded by hard steel. He felt her quiver as the cool
air blew across her privates.

His eyes spotted the catheter that snaked into her urethra, sitting above the
silver base of the dildo lodged in her. His cock twitched excitedly as he
wondered how large it was. Delicately he took hold of the rubbery intruder and
pulled.

"Ah!" Susan squeaked in surprise, sitting up. "What was that?"

"Have to remove this," he told her, pulling gently. She winced as the rubber
slid slowly from her body, burning as it moved. The catheter came free suddenly,
followed by a hot jet of urine.

"Oh shit," Susan yelped in horror, unable to stop as she soaked the towel. She
began crying shamefully, tears sliding down her cheeks.

"Hey, it's okay," Trig reassured her, pulling the towel free as the flow trailed
off. "I should have thought of it." He threw the towel aside dismissively.

"Sit still and I'll get the other lock undone." Susan nodded, chocking back her
tears.

Her clit throbbed hungrily, urging her to impale herself upon him. Humiliating
herself in front of him had been strangely exciting, and she didn't know why.
She could see the large bulge that he was trying to hide, imagining what it
would feel like inside her.

Trig could smell her arousal strongly, her musky scent overlaying the sharp tang
of urine. Her skin was flushed red; he could almost feel her heat. He knew what
she wanted.

He glanced up, hearing the soft click as the opposite door unlocked. Julie stuck
her head around the partly open door, taking in the situation.

Trig stared at her, silently asking permission. Julie sighed, studying Susan.
She didn't want to be this responsible for the teenager; she was only slightly
older herself! She thought about how they had looked at each other, Susan
staring at him in fascination when he had punished the headmistress, the glances
at dinner...

She nodded finally, giving him a brief smile. She glanced at Susan, breathing
heavily on the floor, her eyes closed. It terrified her that she had so much
power over the defenceless girl.

"Be gentle," she mouthed, shutting the door softly.

Trig looked down at Susan, drinking in her soft curves. His desire grew with
each moment.

Quietly he slid off his shoes and shirt, then sat down in only his pants and
resumed work on the lock. There was a loud click, and the two sides of the belt
sprung free. Susan sat up excitedly, looking down at him. His state of undress
excited her, her eyes following the curves of his muscles as they shifted
beneath the skin.

Gently Trig tugged at the waist band, drawing the belt down. Susan groaned as
the dildos moved within her, sending waves of pleasure through her body.

"Yes-s-s-s-s," she moaned as they slid free wetly, glistening in the light. Trig
blinked when he saw how large they were; still not as large as he was, he
thought with a slight smile.

He put the belt aside and stood up, offering her a hand. She stood up shakily,
feeling her juices run down her thighs.

"Thank you," she told him as he guided her into the bath. She looked up at him
as he slid off her top, exposing the smooth orbs of her breasts, but he was
trying hard not to look.

 "Jump onto all fours and I'll wash you." Susan crouched down languidly,
wriggling her behind at him. Her anus winked at him from below, her muscles
uncertain whether to tighten or not. He ran the shower over her, rubbing her
clean with his hands. She pushed herself back on his hand unconsciously, making
him smile slightly. Damn she's hot, he thought to himself.

Susan followed him closely as they left the bathroom, holding the towel loosely
around her as she studied the way he walked. She fought the urge to pounce on
him and wrap her hips around his waist. She would not act like a slut!

Trig sat down on her bed, watching patiently. She let the towel fall to the
ground and stood before him, naked and vulnerable.

"I can't think of anything else," Susan admitted. "I want to cum and cum and
cum...!" she trailed off tearfully

"Please put the belt back on me," she begged, whimpering as he reached out to
catch her hand.

He brought pulled her close, sliding an arm underneath and cradling the naked
girl in his arms. She drew her arms around him after a moment, burying her head
in his shoulder.

"You're very beautiful," he told her honestly, reaching down to touch her
collar.

She wanted to feel his cock filling her body so much, but she was not supposed
to. Tears slid down her face as her body fought against her morals.

"I want the belt back," she pleaded. Trig raised her head and kissed her gently
on the lips, cutting her off. She stared into his eyes, drowning in his scent.
She felt his tongue probing cautiously against her lips. She didn't want to! She
wanted to!

Her lips parted to allow him access as her arms tightened around him. She felt
his tongue slip in past her defences, exploring the warmth of her mouth. She
pressed herself against him, her own tongue venturing tentatively from her mouth
into his.

He broke the kiss gently as he felt her hands reaching for his pants.

Trig watched as she finally undid the belt buckle and began pulling down his
pants.  He slid back into the middle of the bed, pushing back the covers as he
moved.

He hit the switch for the main light above his head with one hand as he turned
on the bedside lamp, throwing everything into twilight. Susan curled up next to
him, glowing with sexual energy.

"Susan," he said seriously. "Are you sure about this?"

She looked at him, her expression torn between desire and fear. There was no
going back, she realised.

"No," she admitted sadly. "I don't know what to do."

"We don't have to do anything," he told her gently, brushing her hair back with
one hair. "You're so young and beautiful; I don't want to hurt you." Susan
looked away shyly.

"Do you really think so?"

"Of course I do. You're perfect." She giggled nervously.

"You don't think my... breasts are small?" Trig smiled, sliding down and licking
her hard nipples.

"They're lovely," he told her truthfully, running his tongue around each one.
She quivered beside him. "Don't think anything else."

"I'm... scared," Susan almost whispered, drawing in his warm, male scent.

Trig slid an arm around her protectively.

"Is this about when you were... attacked?" Trig was trying hard to understand
her.

"They... beat me because of the belt," Susan whimpered. "Because they
couldn't... fuck me, they said I had tiny tits, and beat them."

He held her close as she sobbed fragilely. He suddenly had a strong desire to
protect the naked teenager.

"Can you... stay with me?" she asked, curling closer to him. He pulled the
blankets up over them in answer.

They lay quietly for a few minutes. Susan felt her arousal growing again,
increasingly aware of the man laying so close to her. She shifted closer,
sliding a hand down his chest and reaching up to kiss him. He returned the kiss
readily, shifting over and allowing her to straddle him.

She sat up, letting the blankets fall back as she pulled at his underwear. His
cock sprang free into her hands, making her look up at him in surprise.

"...oh" she said, stroking his rapidly growing member in amazement. Suddenly she
was having second thoughts, her eyes widening as it continued to grow between
her hands.

Gently Trig caught her around the waist and drew her forwards to plant a kiss on
her waiting mouth. One hand slid down between her legs, gently fondling her
wetness.

"I'll be careful," he whispered to her, turning off the light.

Susan whimpered softly in the darkness, remembering his size with trepidation.
And yet there was nothing she would rather do than impale herself upon him

She let him position her body, feeling his head brushing against her hungry
lips. She felt him push forwards, his hands holding her hips. She could feel
herself stretching to accommodate his size.

She whimpered as it started to hurt, and then suddenly his head slid into her,
making her gasp.

"Relax," he whispered, pushing once again. Susan's clit pulsed as he slid slowly
into her, stretching her almost to the point of pain. She felt his heartbeat
inside her, moving deeper with each second.

He halted and slid back, almost pulling out of her. Susan moaned happily when he
began pushing again, sliding further into her. He paused again.

"You don't have to go all the way," he said, slightly surprised she had taken it
this far.

In answer she slid back and began impaling herself on him, supporting her weight
with her legs spread either side of his pelvis.

Trig let her take over, enjoying the sensations as she grew closer and closer to
the base. She was so tight around him, her muscles rippling hungrily.

Susan felt like she was full to the brim; she guessed there was about an inch to
go and couldn't go any further.

"I can't do it," she moaned, lying forward on his chest in regret. She felt his
muscles tense underneath her, and then his hips jerked forward, joining them
fully.

She gasped in surprise, realising he was fully in her. She squirmed excitedly,
grinding her clit between them as an orgasm exploded through her, making her see
stars. She squealed like an animal before Trig cut her off with a passionate
kiss.

He rolled her over gently, supporting himself with his arms

"Fuck me!" she moaned, wriggling underneath him as he began to thrust into her.

Susan thought she could spend the rest of her life with him inside her. She felt
totally filled with him, her earlier fears totally gone. Her world was focused
on the throbbing cock buried to the hilt in her body, sending waves of pleasure
through her. Her muscles tensed as he pulled out, not wanting him to leave,
before he slammed back into her.

Her breathing quickened as he began thrusting faster. Another orgasm began to
build in her loins, its' warmth fed by his powerful strokes.

A distant part of her wondered what the big deal was about sex. It had hardly
hurt her at all! Was it her association with Julie?

Her thoughts were banished as another orgasm swept through her, tearing another
primal howl of pleasure from her lips. Trig was surprised at how vocal she was
and hoped that Julie wouldn't mind.

He slid out of her gently, feeling their shared liquids coating his hips. Susan
whimpered unhappily at him.

Smiling in the dark, he rolled her over onto all fours and took her from behind.

Susan moaned at the new position, touching her in completely different places.
She pushed back hungrily, still wanting more.

"Faster," she moaned, burying her head in the pillows as he increased his pace,
hands sliding underneath her to play with her breasts. She could feel their
juices running down her thighs; sweat soaking her skin as she rocked back to
meet every stroke.

She came again, screaming her joy into the pillow. Trig was finding it harder to
control himself, and she showed no signs of tiring.

Susan could feel him growing inside her, his thrusts becoming faster and more
frantic. She guessed that he was nearing the end.

She pulled away from him suddenly and lay down on her back. She raised her knees
to her chest, presenting herself to him.

She gasped as he thrust into her, grinding their pelvises together. Her clit
pounded hungrily between her legs, craving one final orgasm. She listened to the
wet sounds they made together, the heavy and excited breathing that was hers.

Susan felt him thrust deeply into her body, pushing him self against her cervix
as he came. A split second later Susan felt him burst within her, flooding her
virgin womb with his hot sperm.

Thought was lost as she orgasmed again, spreading her legs and pushing his
pulsing member deeper into her. She screamed into his mouth as he kissed her
passionately, wishing for it to never end.

Using the last of his strength, Trig held himself above her, waiting patiently.
He had never had anyone like her before, he realised as he stared at her barely
visible outline below him.

Susan felt a pang of regret as he softened within her. He left her body and lay
down beside her, pulling the blankets over them both.

"Thank you," Susan whispered tiredly, curling up in his warm embrace and falling
asleep.

Trig lay quietly in the dark, listening to the soft purr of her slowing
breathing. She was so small and innocent; he knew that it would kill her if he
left her after tonight. He had never believed in love at first sight, but now he
wasn't so sure.

He closed his eyes, drawing in the warm scent of their sex. A part of him
remembered that he had left Emily with the vibrator on, but he was already
asleep.

Julie smiled from the doorway to the bathroom, shutting it carefully. She felt
happy for Susan, and perhaps a little jealous. Hopefully she could find someone
like that.

In the meantime, she thought with a smile, I have my vibrator.



The building lay dark and silent, the soft covering of snow that glittered in
the early morning sunlight made it seem almost innocent.

"What do you want from this?" Moira said in annoyance, sitting casually on the
floor between the two naked teenage girls that lay fast asleep either side of
her.

"You know what I want," he said to her. "In the end though, I have as much
choice in it as you do."

Moira growled angrily, disturbing the taller of the two. She whimpered in her
sleep, one hand scratching at the faint tattoo above her belly button.

"I'm disappointed to hear about my property," she said suggestively, one hand
absently stroking the girls' bald head. She calmed down, returning to her placid
sleep.

"You cannot have her, Moira. She's mine," he told her firmly. "There's plenty
more, anyway."

"Yes, I've seen them. Those two were perfect," she said wistfully.

"I'm sure you can find one or two to keep," he noted, glancing disdainfully at
the sleeping teenagers.

"Yes, there are quite a lot of young specimens at the Orphanage," Moira mused.

"Yes," said Evan. "Yes there are."

--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading.

--




Chapter 10 - Hostile Takeover



Samantha spent the morning frustrated. Evan refused to tell her where or why
Julie and Susan had gone, simply ignoring her questions or giving vague answers.

She suspected he had done something to scare them away, but couldn't be sure. He
had taken her straight from the bath to his bedroom, where he had replaced her
hood and left her bound under the sheets with a vibrator teasing her on its
lowest setting. It had been a delicious torment, but she wished she knew what
had happened during her absence.

He was being very secretive now. He had left early in the morning without
telling her, and then returned seemingly disturbed by something. Her bottom was
still sore from the punishment she had received for asking too many questions;
for the first time she had actually been afraid of his anger.

Her thoughts were disturbed as the Extractor came to life underneath her again.
She shuddered apprehensively, feeling the probes buried in her loins warming.
She had lost count of how many orgasms it had given her since Evan had left her
cuffed to the machine.

The bedside clock showed the end of her five-minute rest, and with mechanical
precision the torturous vibrations began. Sam whimpered around the penis gag
filling her mouth. She hated this machine now. It made her cum and cum
mercilessly, ripping her mind to shreds with endless orgasms.

Sam hoped desperately that Evan would return soon, a shudder of pleasure running
through her body as the machine began a slow thrusting motion into her pussy.

Maybe not too soon, she thought as the vibrations increased in speed.



Susan lay contentedly in her lovers' protective arms, safe in the assurance of
his devotion that only a dream can provide. She sighed happily, spooning herself
against his chest and feeling his erection press against her buttocks. Her pussy
flooded hungrily for his length.

"Good morning Susan," he said sleepily, his hands sliding up to gently cup her
breasts.

Her dream abruptly turning into reality, Susan squealed in fright and began an
aborted leap from the bed that ended with her face-first on the floor and the
blankets entangled around her legs.

"Susan?" said a male voice in surprise.

Susan fought against the blankets and succeeded in tugging them entirely from
the bed. Leaving Trig naked on the bed, she crawled across the room and sat near
the door, drawing the blankets around her.

"What have I done?" she sobbed, burying her face in the soft fabric surrounding
her nudity.

Trig sat up to look at her, his face full of concern.

"What's the matter, Sue?" he asked, abbreviating her name.

Her eyes were clenched shut, tears squeezing through to run down her cheeks.
When she continued to cry, he climbed off the bed.

"Stay away from me," she screamed, her eyes springing open at the thud of his
feet hitting the floor.

Trig was hurt by her rejection; had he taken things too far last night?

"Susan, what's the matter?" he asked, raising his voice slightly. He heard
movement next door.

"We had sex!" she cried, her head filled with returning memories of last night;
the sounds, the smells, the wonderful feelings...

Julie poked her head through the bathroom doorway, blinking sleep from her eyes
as she took in the situation. Her eyes lingered briefly on Trigs' erection in
surprise, before centring on Susan. She hated to interfere...

"Susan," she said, putting every bit of her uncertain command into her voice.
The distraught girl looked up in surprise. "Did you enjoy sleeping with Trig?"

"Yes,' she replied in a whisper, the word forced from her lips by Julies' order.

"Susan, I want you to get back in bed with Trig," Julie said in the same firm
tone.

Susan whimpered helplessly as she stood with the blankets around her and walked
to the bed, drawing the blankets around them both as they lay down together.

Taking Susan in his arms, Trig rolled over onto his back, holding her against
his chest with one hand and his erection in the other. Susan whimpered passively
as he gently guided her onto his erection. Already wet from her dream, he slid
in easily until her pelvis was pressed against his own.

He hugged her lovingly as she slid a hand down between their bodies, exploring
the point at where they joined. Susan looked at him with tear-filled eyes; how
she loved the fullness he provided, the sense of completion as he touched her
deepest recess.

Trig tensed as she began to rise off him, feeling her muscles ripple over him.
Then with a squeak she dropped down violently, impaling herself on him once
again.

"It's my turn," she whispered as a smile spread across her face, and then kissed
him passionately.

Smiling, Julie discreetly shut the door behind her.



So many questions, thought Julie, absently swallowing a mouthful of porridge.
The blonde maid who had delivered the hot breakfast stood behind her, fidgeting
nervously.

Julie was pretty sure she was human, at least partially. Simeon had called her a
hybrid; and since she'd seen pictures of her mother, Julie wondered who, or
what, her father was.

She smiled briefly, imagining her mother hopelessly in love with a tentacle
monster. Hastily she suppressed that thought before she came up with a use for
those extra appendages. Plus, she hadn't seen any evidence of tentacles on Evan
or Simeon, although he could be hiding anything underneath all the clothes he
wore.

Julie glanced up as Trig arrived, Susan clinging to his hand like a small child.
She was dressed in one of the maids' outfits, looking nervous in the fine mesh
top, short skirt and knee-high heels.

A cute redheaded maid came and took Susan's hand, leading her off. The sound of
their giggles reached Julies' ears as they disappeared down the hall.

"The maids want to show her around," Trig explained offhandedly, slumping into a
chair across from her.

"You two got along well this morning," Julie remarked, silently cursing herself
for wearing nothing more than a shirt and panties.

 "She was a bit louder than I expected," he admitted, giving her a grin.

"I hope you don't think of her as just another conquest," Julie said, frowning
at him.

"Of course not, Mistress Julie," he said sincerely, glancing at the empty
doorway.

They ate in silence, the blonde maid bringing them food as requested. The maid
seemed to grow more agitated with each passing moment.

"Everyone calls me Trig, since I'm good with guns," Trig said suddenly, breaking
the silence. "It used to be Trigger, but got shortened. Most people don't know
my real name." He looked at Julie, smiling slightly.

"It's Shane, by the way," he told her. "I'm good with my hands, see; I can pick
locks and use a dozen weapons, but people I'm no good with."

Julie was silent, guessing this was a rare moment for him.

 "Susan... I've never met a girl like her. This morning, when she freaked out...
I was so scared that she hated me."

Julie stared at him, surprised by the emotion she felt in his voice. He was
deeper than he looked. She thought to ask if he had ever killed someone, and
then decided that she didn't care. It was hard to judge someone when you were a
killer yourself, even in self defence.

"Now I have to find out what to do with Emily...."

"You're sleeping with someone else?" Julie interrupted, staring at him intently.

"No, I'm not that kind of guy!" he said, waving a hand dismissively. "Long
story, but she belongs to me. Now with Susan here... maybe Master would like
another maid..."

"No!" cried the blonde maid behind Julie, startling them both.

The maid stared back at their surprised looks, one hand covering her mouth in
horror.

"What was that?" Trig asked, leaning closer to study her.

The maid stared at the floor, quivering fearfully in the black mesh top and
skirt that displayed the dark rings of her areolae. She seemed familiar to
Julie.

"Nothing," she said dismissively. "Would you like a drink?"

"Why shouldn't Emily be a maid?" Julie asked firmly, leaning on the back of her
chair.

"I should go," the nervous girl said suddenly and made for the door.

Encumbered by her heels, her flight was short-lived as Trig sprang from his
chair and caught her in a bear-hug.

"I need to go now," the maid whimpered, hanging limply in his arms.

She didn't struggle as he brought her back to the table and sat her down, simply
sobbing weakly and refusing to respond to anything.

"Speak, girl," Trig told her firmly. She shook her head in refusal.

Trig sighed in exasperation and leant back on his chair. The maid, seeing an
opening, sprang from her chair in an attempt to escape him.

"Stop!" he yelled, nearly falling off the chair in his haste to chase her.
Desperately he clawed at her retreating figure, his hands catching on her skirt
and nearly tearing the fragile garment from her body. She squealed in horror as
he pulled on the tattered skirt, overbalancing her and sending her tumbling to
the ground.

Defeated, the distraught maid curled into a foetal ball, the thick tear in her
skirt revealing the glint of steel between her clenched thighs.

"What the hell!" Julie exclaimed, moving around the table to get a closer look.

Trig frowned in surprise, crouching down beside her. The maid clenched her
thighs futilely as he grabbed her knees and separated them, exposing her nudity.
Julie hissed in sympathy.

Her hairless outer labia had been neatly pierced four times on either side and
then joined together with a small steel barbel through each piercing. By the
look of her puffy, red skin, it had been done recently.

"What the fuck is this?" Trig demanded, grabbing the girl by the chin. She
whimpered, tears streaming down her face.

"She'll punish me," the maid cried, squeezing her thighs together again and
attempting to hide herself with the remains of her skirt.

"So will..." Julie cut off Trigs' threat.

"We'll protect you," she said soothingly, wiping the girls' tears with a napkin.
"Now, who did this?"

"The... the house-mistress... put them in," the maid sobbed after a moment.
"Almost all the girls have them now... she threatened to... to hurt us if we
told anyone."

Julie glanced at Trig concernedly. His face was dark.

"Why did she do it?" Julie asked, wincing at the girls' pierced genitals. She
clenched her own thighs together sympathetically.

"She... she tries to make us tell her things about what's going on. She... she
says they're to keep us from being the dirty little sluts we are."

Julie fell silent; something bothered her, itching at the back of her mind.

"That bitch is pretty new here," Trig said angrily. "She's only been working a
month or so."

"Oh fuck," Julie said, her eyes widening with horror. "Where's Susan?"



Cassandra sat in her office, gritting her teeth. How was she going to face the
orphanages' teenage residents after her public humiliation at the hands of
that... that man! She removed her clenched hand from around the desk-lamps' base
to prevent herself from hurling it across the room in anger.

The little brats will be happy I'm not attending breakfast, she thought, sitting
back and glancing at the wall-clock.

There was a knock at the door. Cassandra growled, assuming it was one of the
teenagers come to torment her again.

They knocked again, more insistent this time. Her anger rising once more, she
sprung from her chair and stormed over to the door. She unlocked it quickly,
thinking of a dozen things to shout at the unwelcome visitor

"Ah... hello there," she said, forcing down her anger to look at the visitors'
strange, red eyes. "Are you here to deliver the test results? I wasn't
expecting..."

Moira reached out a gloved hand and grabbed her casually around the throat,
cutting her off mid-sentence.

"The tests were excellent," she said with a rotten smile.

Moira easily dragged the gasping woman in with one hand, hauling her across the
room and throwing her across her desk. Cassandra winced as her desk-lamp crashed
to the floor for the second time.

"What are you doing?" she yelled, trying to stand up. Moira vaulted up onto the
desk and landed on top of Cassandra, pinning her to the desk.

"Sit still," Moira said in annoyance, pulling a small vial from a pocket in the
front of her scandalously low top. Her fingers deftly plucked the syringe from
between the soft mounds of her breasts and began to carefully measure out the
liquid.

"Oh fuck," Cassandra screamed as she saw the syringe, moments before the needle
lanced through her pants and into her buttocks.

"Sleep, my little slave," Moira cooed as she discarded the now empty syringe
into the waste-paper bin.

Slave... Cassandra felt her thoughts growing sluggish. I'm not... a slave...

"Good girl," Moira said with a quick slap to the woman's bottom. She stood up
and let the unconscious head-mistress slump to the ground.

She felt the soft thud of a gas-grenade going off nearby, followed by several
more. With a smile on her face she imagined all the lovely teenagers' slumping
to the ground as they inhaled in surprise.

"This is going to be so much fun," she said, looking down at the unconscious
woman. Her mind was already making plans for the defenceless woman.



"Where did Susan go?" Julie yelled frantically, cornering a young, white-clad
maid in the hallway.

"She's... I have to go," the maid corrected herself, trying to push past Julie.

"Please... let me go," she protested, her voice quavering.

Julie quickly slid a hand underneath the girls' skirt to cup her sex, feeling
its unnatural shape. Instead of exploding in outrage, the girls' eyes filled
with tears and she began sobbing.

"We know about it," Julie told her, trying to contain her haste. "Where is
Susan?"

"We... we couldn't stop her," the maid cried, leaning heavily on Julie. "No-one
stood up for her..."

"Where is she?" Trig interrupted.

"In... in the kitchen," the maid said, pointing vaguely.

"Go tell Master of this," he commanded. Weakly the maid nodded, slipping past
them and running off down the hall, crying audibly.

Trig led them to the kitchens quickly. They found a small group of distraught
maids outside the doorway, huddled protectively around the redhead Susan had
left with. She looked up at the sound of their approach, her face filling with
guilt.

"In there" she directed, sinking back into the group as if Julie was going to
punish her.

Not wasting any time, Julie kicked the door open and surged into the room, Trig
following close behind. His hands were clenched into fists, ready to kill for
Susan.

"Susan," Julie called, her eyes roaming across the shelves and benches. The
floor was cold against her bare feet, reminding her that she was wearing very
little.

Her heart heavy, Julie ran for the only other doorway in the kitchen. She
slammed a shoulder into it, throwing the heavy door open.

"Will you little..." the house-mistress yelled, looking up from the table in the
middle of the store-room. Julie didn't even slow down.

Julies' fist slammed into the woman's belly, cutting her off in mid-sentence and
violently knocking the air from her lungs. There was a clatter as the tool in
her hands fell to the ground.

Surprisingly nimble, the nicely rounded woman sprang away from Julie, gasping
for breath.

"Bitch," she spat, glaring at Julie. "I don't know who you are, but I am going
to..." She trailed off as Trig stepped into the room, her eyes widening as she
realised her secret was out.

He glanced at Susan, who lay bound, gagged and blindfolded on the table. Her
body was tense with pain, blood evident between her spread legs. His eyes locked
onto the house-mistress with deadly intent.

"What the fuck are you doing to her?" he snarled, quivering with barely
controlled rage.

"Dirty little sluts," the woman muttered distantly, her hands twitching.

She backed away from them suddenly, one hand fishing in a pocket. Her hand came
free with a handgun, which she levelled shakily in their direction.

"Get away from me," she yelled desperately, her aim alternating between her two
attackers.

"Put the gun down," Julie said, taking a step forward. The gun didn't scare her
as much as it once would have, but Susan and Trig had no such advantages.

"Get back!" the woman screamed, her voice bordering on the edge of insanity. She
could barely hold the gun, her hands shaking uncontrollably.

Julie took another step, forcing the woman up against the far wall. She was
almost hyperventilating with fear, her aim faltering with the trembling of her
hands.

"Get away," she whimpered, and then something gave within her. She stopped
shaking, and an almost unnatural calm overtook her.

"Free at the end," she whispered, tears streaming down her face as she brought
the gun up to her head.

"No!" Julie yelled, leaping forward and batting the gun from her hands. The
weapon spun away through the air, disappearing with a clatter underneath a
shelf.

The woman looked up at Julie in confusion.

"Why?" Her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she fell forwards limply
into Julies' arms.

"Susan," Trig whispered; his voice full of pain as he looked down at the bound
girl.

Susan squirmed at her name, blindly turning her head in an attempt to locate
him. He tugged free the blindfold covering her eyes.

Relief flooded through Susan as she saw him standing over her. She managed a
weak smile, pain obvious in her expression.

"Are you okay?" he asked concernedly as he tugged the gag from her mouth in a
shower of saliva.

"It hurts," Susan croaked, stretching her aching jaw.

Trig tugged at the rope binding her to the table.

"I'll get a knife," Trig told her, disappearing into the main kitchen.

"What... what did she do?" Susan asked after a moment, looking down between her
breasts. She could see blood, confirming the painful throbbing between her legs.

Julie came into view, her face grim. Being careful not to touch, she looked
between Susan's thighs.

"What did she do?" Susan asked desperately, on the verge of crying. Had she been
mutilated for life?

"She... she pierced each lip three times," Julie told her. "And... and your clit
hood as well."

"Why?" Susan asked incredulously. That woman had gone through all this to pierce
her labia?

"She was going to put these in," Julie explained, showing Susan the four steel
bars and the unattached balls for either end.

The balls had been drilled through the middle, allowing them to be slotted over
the end of the bars. The inside of the balls also had a recess, allowing the
little spring-loaded clips in the bars to lock on, permanently securing the bar
in each girl.

"They stop you from having sex. She's done it to most of the maids," Julie told
her sadly. "It looks pretty permanent."

"Permanent..." Susan breathed, staring at the bars in horror. How close she had
come to a life of chastity... to never having a man inside her... to never
having Trig again...

Julie put the bars down on the table and sat down beside Susan. She slid a hand
down and cupped Susan's mons, not in the least bit embarrassed by touching
another girl. How can you be ashamed by what is yours, Julie reasoned.

"Ah!" Susan hissed, looking down at her. "That hurts!"

"Quiet," Julie muttered, closing her eyes in concentration. I can do this, she
reassured herself.

Susan's rapid heartbeat pulsed against Julie's open palm, the raw, injured skin
hot against her hand. Carefully she summoned the warmth from within, feeling it
expand like a freshly budded flower in her heart. Uncertainly, she directed it
down her hand and outwards...

"That's better," Susan moaned softly, feeling the pleasant warmth radiating from
Julie's touch.

Julie concentrated harder, her body tense. She had no idea how to achieve what
she wanted, but... She withdrew her hand cautiously, unsure of what to expect.

A grin slowly spread across her face, purple eyes glinting with success. Her
fingers ran around each of Susan's smooth, pink labia, her fingers lingering on
the three neat holes spaced evenly down each one.

"What are you doing?" Susan asked breathily, wriggling her hips.

Trig returned, casually passing a knife between his hands. The sharp blade cut
through the rope easily, quickly defeating the tight knots. Susan sat up,
anxious to look between her legs.

"Wow," she said, reaching down to touch the latest addition to her body since
she had met Julie.

The skin was smooth and unblemished, lacking even the scar-tissue associated
with a normal piercing. Experimentally she tugged at one lip, slightly disturbed
by the light shining through the neat holes.

If Mistress Julie is happy with it, I should be too, Susan told herself, not
noticing the automatic honorific she added.

"Thanks," she said with an uncertain smile, hopping off the table. She spotted
her captor lying prone on the floor and her face contorted into a scowl.

"What's going to happen to her?" she asked, pouring scorn into the last word.

"We wait for Simeon," Trig told them, sitting himself down on the table.

Susan collected her clothes and dressed quickly, relaxing as she covered her
nakedness. Julie noted with a smile that she wore no underwear underneath the
flimsy clothing.

"You look cute in a ball-gag," Trig complemented Susan, swinging the black gag
in one hand. Susan stuck her tongue out at him childishly, glaring in
mock-anger.

He grinned back, hiding the sadness he felt at knowing how young she really was.
In a rare moment of insight, he wondered if she could be classified as a child
any more, after everything she had experienced lately.

Julie leant against the table, attempting to ignore their antics as Susan jumped
onto Trigs' lap and allowed his hands to roam underneath her clothes.

Absently Julie tugged free the necklace from its resting place in her bosom and
rolled it in her hands, studying the gold object as she had done a thousand
times before. The purple gem glinted in the harsh, fluorescent light, casting a
pool of purple light over her crossed legs.

Julie wondered whether it had been a gift given to her Mother, perhaps by her
irresponsible father as a parting gift. It's a bit larger than most jewellery,
Julie thought, feeling its' weight with one hand.

"Since when is my kitchen a brothel?" asked Simeon lightly, startling them from
the doorway.

"I... err..." Susan stammered, springing from Trigs' arms and furiously
returning her skirt and top to their original positions.

Stop acting like such a slut, Susan chastised her self. I don't need that belt
to control my urges!

Simeon made no more comments about Susan's behaviour. He suspected it was a
side-effect of being owned by Julie, but the urges were generally focused on her
owner, not someone else.

Casually Julie returned the necklace to beneath her shirt, watching as Simeon
entered the room. His eyes slid right past the unusual piece of jewellery, its'
presence forgotten without a second glance.

"What did you do to her?" Simeon asked, looking down at the unconscious woman on
the floor.

"She went crazy and pulled a gun," Julie explained, gesturing to where the
weapon had fallen. "Then she backed against the wall, tried to shoot herself and
then just... collapsed!"

Simeon frowned, crouching down beside the woman. He put a hand to her throat,
although how he could feel her pulse through the glove escaped Julie.

"Did she say anything?" he asked, rolling her over to study her slack face.

"Yeah," Julie said, thinking back. "I think she said 'Free at the end', right
before she tried to shoot herself."

"Son of a bitch!" he growled, punching the ground. "How the hell did Moira get a
spy in here?!"

"The maid said something about making them tell her everything that goes on,"
Trig offered, surprised by his Masters' anger.

"One of you maids, get in here now," Simeon called, unsuccessfully keeping his
anger under control. There was the sound of running feet, and a black-clad maid
appeared, her eyes wide with fear.

"S... Sir?" she trembled, unwilling to get too close to him. Simeon took a deep
breath, calming himself.

"Relax, you've done nothing wrong," he assured the terrified girl. The maid
visibly relaxed, although she didn't come any closer.

"What have you been telling her?" Simeon asked, giving the unconscious woman a
prod in the side. "Nothing useful," she told him, a weak smile spreading across
her pretty features. "We... filled her with crap, Sir."

Simeon raised an eyebrow, surprised and pleased by their independence.

"Why didn't you come to me earlier then, if you knew she was a spy?" The maid
looked at the floor, her smile a distant memory.

"The first thing she did was... pierce one of us. She said... if we tell, she'll
never remove them."

One hand slid down to touch the front of her skirt as she remembered her own
piercing. Her eyes glistened with moisture as she looked up at Simeon.

"Can you remove them?" she asked awkwardly, crossing her thighs.

"I don't know," Simeon admitted, standing up and studying her.

"Please..." the maid begged. "Several of the girls are infected... they can
barely walk..."

"I'll see what I can do," Simeon interrupted her tearful account. He sighed in
frustration.

The maids had now become a liability for him; they knew too much, and were
defenceless by themselves.

"Okay," he said finally. "You're all relieved of your duties. Do whatever you
will, just don't leave."

"Y... Yes Sir," the maid stammered, confused but obedient.

"No phone calls, no answering the gate, nothing," Simeon stressed, then turned
to face Trig.

"Bring her to my office," Simeon commanded, gesturing to the still unconscious
woman.

"Come with me," he said to Julie, walking out of the kitchen. If Moira learned
of his existence then things would get nasty, and fast.



Placidly, the person who was once Kate passed her eyes over the rows of naked,
unconscious teenagers. Male and female lay toe to toe on the cold floor of the
bathrooms, their chests rising and falling regularly with each breath.

"I assume he has provided us with the tools necessary to train this many
slaves?" the tall man said, ignoring Kate completely.

"Of course," said her Mistress, smiling sweetly. Kates' eyes were drawn to the
smooth orbs of her breasts, their tops peeking from underneath the layer of
black latex that covered most of her body. She wanted to suck on them so much,
but Mistress had told her to stay.

Absently she scratched at her belly-button, the skin red from previous
attention. Mistress assured her that it would be gone soon, and Kate looked
forward to when the irritating mark would disappear.

"Mistress Moira," called a guard from the doorway. "I found the last of them."

"Fuck you!" screamed the boy in his arms, throwing his weight around as he was
dragged in. Kate felt a tingle of recognition as she looked at his face.

"Boy, stop struggling," her Mistress snapped, fixing the poor boy with a
piercing stare. He froze like an animal trapped in the headlights of an oncoming
vehicle.

"Put him with the others," she said dismissively, turning away to continue
talking to the tall man.

Kate watched with passive interest as he was carried past her.

"Kate?" the boy said, his eyes widening in horror as he recognised her.

Kate tilted her head slightly, his words touching the dwindling core of her
resistance.

Then the moment was gone and the boy was dragged away, whimpering at the fate
that awaited him.

Her curiosity sated, Kate sat down in the rubbery playpen that was her home. Her
eyes closed languidly as she sank onto the slick floor, her mouth seeking for
the nipple that she knew was waiting for her.

She felt her bed-mate stir as she found the waiting breast with her lips, throat
already working to draw the warm flesh into her mouth.

Kate sighed in contentment, blissfully unaware of the battle that was being
waged inside her. The very blood in her veins was fighting for her mind.

And it was loosing.

--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading.

--




Chapter 11 - Secrets



Cassandra moaned as light shone into her dilated pupils, sending pain lancing
through the clouds of chemicals clogging her thoughts.

"Wake up now," cooed a soft, female voice. "That's a good girl."

Cassandra tried to twist away from the blurred shadow that stood over her, but a
strap across her forehead kept her immobile. With every breath the strong scent
of rubber filled her nostrils, matching the equally filling rubber phallus
tickling the back of her throat.

The feeling of cool air blowing across her naked skin quickly brought her to
alertness. She became aware of a painful ache deep in her behind, and realised
that her drug-induced dreams had been more than random nightmares. She tried to
see herself to verify the disturbing memories, but the strap continued to defeat
her, keeping her head flat against the bench.

"Ready, my lovely?" said the woman standing above her. Moira... the name came to
Cassandra suddenly, bringing with it memories of being attacked in her office.

"I would have liked to simply shorten your legs by a few dozen centimetres,"
Moira said conversationally, taking no notice of the horrified look that came
over her victim as she began removing the straps binding her to the bench.

"But he specified that you are to keep your limbs intact... for now." Moira
seemed almost wistful as she related this to Cassandra, who was not comforted by
the quick addition to her fate.

The last strap came free, releasing her head. Cassandra tried to sit up,
hampered by the lack of flexibility in her arms. Each of her limbs had been
doubled back and locked tight into a skin-coloured sheath. The glint of steel
peeking from between her smoothly shaven labia caught her eye, wrenching a
whimper from her throat as yet another aspect of her dreams was confirmed.

It was the long, snake-like extrusion coiled between her legs that made her
heart sink. Now that she was aware of it, Cassandra could feel its' invisible
end buried deep in her rectum, every ribbed inch of it stretching her wide. She
had little doubt now that the hazy memories of stomach-cramping enemas had been
dreams.

She felt a pull on the collar encircling her neck, urging her to slide off the
bench. Cautiously, like the newborn puppy she was modelled after, Cassandra slid
onto all fours, her artificial tail hanging limply between her legs. The smooth
orbs of her breasts jiggled as she righted herself, prompting her to wonder if
she would ever wear a bra again.

Stop thinking negative, Cassandra chastised her self. It won't take long before
the police work out something is wrong.

"Come, lovely," Moira said down at her, like one would address a nervous animal.

When Cassandra failed to move, Moira rewarded her with a gentle smack to her
unprotected behind.

"Don't worry," Moira cooed. "Just do what I say and you'll soon begin to enjoy
yourself."

Cassandra glared up at Moira silently, putting all the hatred and revulsion she
felt into a single stare. She had little choice to comply, but she swore never
to enjoy herself; never submit.

Satisfied, Moira began walking slowly. Cassandra had little choice but to
follow, each halting step reminding her of the rubber intruder filling her back
passage. Her elbows and knees had pads for her to walk on, making her journey
across the tiled floor of the new bathrooms relatively painless.

Moira halted outside one of the shower stalls, its' door-less entrance giving
her an excellent view of the naked boy gagged and tied spread-eagle across its
floor. What made Cassandra shudder with horror was the two equally naked blonde
girls, completely free except for the chains joining their ankles to his, who
were writhing on top of him.

One girl lay on her back above the boy, his chin touching the back of her head
which was buried between the thighs of the second girl straddling her face. As
Cassandra watched, the top girl lay forwards with a look of almost primal hunger
on her petite face, taking the aroused teenagers entire length into her mouth.

Cassandra looked away in disbelief as the boy shuddered underneath the two
girls, his eyes fixed upon the denuded pussy in front of his eyes. She blocked
out the moaning coming from the three, fixing her hate-filled gaze upon her
captor.

"Don't hate me yet," Moira said with a smile that spoke of more to come. And
there was.

By the time Moira had led her around the bathroom, Cassandra had become almost
numb to the world around her. At first she had identified each of the people
Moira showed her, letting the association fuel the rage that burned within her.
It had been the girl Moira had imprisoned within the transparent top of a table
that had crushed her spirit.

She had seen exactly when the girls' last shred of hope was lost. Her naked body
spread for the world to see, Cassandra watched the fear in the girls' pale blue
eyes be replaced by a look of utter hopelessness as they recognised each-other.

 Afterwards, she no longer tried to identify the orphans, distancing her self
from the images that were paraded before her.

Moira stopped outside what resembled a rubber cot and unclipped her leash. Some
small part of Cassandra was still curious as to its' contents, but her viewpoint
revealed nothing.

"Up we go," Moira said as one would address a pet, reaching down and lifting the
fully grown woman into the air.

Cassandra was momentarily stunned by the strength displayed; Moira showed only
the slightest effort as she set her new puppy-girl down inside.

Cassandra looked around her prison with trepidation, her curiosity long gone.
The cot was a rectangle of blue rubber, roughly the size of a single bed. The
walls and floor glistened with lubrication, as did the two naked occupants who
were curled up at the opposite end.

Cassandra found it hard to recognise the hairless Alexis, especially with her
swollen breasts and the look of utter contentment on her face. The girl sucking
hungrily at Alexis' breast turned to look at her, eyes narrowing in jealousy.
Carefully Kate drew closer to Alexis, covering the girls' other breast with her
body as she continued to feed.

"Now, now," Moira chastised from above. "You can't have both of them."

Obediently Kate moved back, her mouth never leaving the engorged flesh.

"Now my lovely, it's time for your lunch," Moira cooed, reaching down to unlock
the gag.

Cassandra coughed and retched as the dildo was removed from her throat; she had
gotten used to its strangely comforting presence. It had been once less orifice
Moira could stick unpleasant things in.

"I'm going to kill you for this," Cassandra swore once her coughing subsided.
Moira simply laughed, reaching down and collecting her tail with one hand.

"Be a good girl and eat up," she cooed, urging Cassandra forwards with the
opposite hand.

"You're not serious!" Cassandra looked up at her in disbelief. She would
never...

Moira gave Cassandra's "tail" a sharp yank, sending pain shooting through her
anus as the fully inflated plug surged in her behind.

"Yow!" Cassandra yelped, loosing her carefully maintained balance and falling to
the floor. Her breasts mashed against the slick surface as her legs went out
from underneath her, coating her belly in the slippery lubricant as she
struggled to regain her position. When she climbed to her feet she was fighting
back tears, determined not to give in.

"Do it," Moira said, her voice loosing its caring tone.

When Cassandra still refused, she yanked harder. Once again, the
ex-head-mistress climbed to her feet sobbing brokenly, her tears mingling with
the jelly-like substance below her. Fearful of more humiliating punishment,
Cassandra reluctantly approached the two girls, her eyes locked on the waiting
nipple.

She halted over Alexis, her mouth inches from the girls' pale flesh. She wanted
nothing more than to refuse, but she feared the unknown punishments that Moira
could dish out to her. She had a brief image of herself imprisoned within a
tabletop, just like... she forced the girls name from her head.

Crying in defeat, she slid forwards and closed her mouth over the erect nipple.

"Suck it now," Moira told her, voice dripping with dire consequences.

Cassandra shuddered as she took a deep breath and drew on the warm flesh. She
tasted the warm liquid that issued from the teen, Moira's gentle hand on her
back stopping her from recoiling in disgust.

"Good girl," Moira told her approvingly as she watched the woman's collared
throat pulse as she swallowed.

Everything is going well, she thought to herself.



Julie waited impatiently in Simeon's office, standing by the fire that burned
warm against the back of her naked legs. She studied the large, silent
Television screen that was set into the wall opposite the desk, intrigued by the
reflective silver-blue surface of the outer edges.

Simeon sat at his desk, watching the screen patiently. He gave Julie a quick
glance, forcing himself not to stare at the pale curves of her legs, or trace
them upwards to imagine what hid beneath the shirt hanging loosely from her
shoulders. It was dangerous for him to entertain such thoughts about her. The
research he had done last night indicated that not only did the girls' past have
some question marks about it, Julie knew nothing of them.

"Good morning Sir," chimed a female voice.

Julie turned in surprise as the TV sprang to life, the smiling face and loosely
covered upper body of a young girl appearing. Her sparkling blue eyes and
childish smile was surrounded by waves of curly blonde hair that made her look
extremely young, but the size of the breasts that strained against the flimsy
white fabric of her top made Julie estimate her to be at least 18.

"How are you today, Becky?" Simeon asked pleasantly.

"I'm good, Sir," Becky responded with a grin and a strange accent. "What can I
do for you?"

 "I'd like to talk to the Council," Simeon told her.

"Yes Sir," Becky said, her smile fading slightly when she realised that he
didn't want to simply talk. She leant forward to touch something out of view,
knowingly giving Simeon an eyebrow-raising view of her ample cleavage. Julie saw
her give him a quick wave before the screen went blank.

"You know her?" Julie asked once she was sure the girl was gone.

"We've met a few times," Simeon said offhandedly.

The screen blinked to life, revealing a woman seated in the middle of the
screen. She looked extremely bored as she glanced up from resting her head on
the table in front of her. Julie blinked at the woman's low-cut top, the smooth
globes of flesh straining to break free of the dark-blue fabric confining them.
Julie smoothed her shirt down, suddenly self-conscious of her own state of
undress.

"Simeon!" the woman exclaimed, sitting up straight. "I wasn't expecting you to
call."

"I wasn't expecting you to answer, Nyssa," he replied.

"Everyone is out for lunch, meaning I get to stay behind for calls like this."
She seemed less than happy with the assignment.

"I'm sure Becky can keep things together whilst you eat."

"Becky would have them licking her feet if I let her," Nyssa told him. "Did she
tell you about her punishment?"

"Punishment?" he asked, interested. Nyssa chuckled.

"She was teasing one of the Masters," she explained. "She seems to think that
since she works here, she's better than anyone else."

"I'm sure she'll enjoy being reminded of her station. Anyway, that's not my
reason for calling." He glanced at Julie.

Julie stepped away from the fireplace and came to stand beside Simeon, slightly
annoyed at having to leave its warmth.

"This is Julie..."

"Hi," Julie interrupted as Nyssa's eyes fell upon her disinterestedly.

"She's an orphan," Simeon explained.

"You've decided to adopt?" she asked semi-seriously, ignoring the frown she
earned from Julie.

"No," Simeon said flatly.

"She's pretty, maybe you should think about it."

"Hello," Julie said loudly, growing annoyed with being ignored. "I'm right
here."

"She doesn't know when to be quiet either," Nyssa said disapprovingly, causing
Julies' frown to deepen.

"Maybe you should look closer," Simeon said, annoyance edging into his voice.

Julie shifted uncomfortably as Nyssa leant forward to look at her. She felt like
she was on display, like a rare animal... or a freak.

"You're a Mistress?" Nyssa asked, looking confused. Julie nodded.

"Then how..." Nyssa trailed off, her eyes widening in surprise.

"How interesting," she said, leaning back in her chair.

Julie met her gaze with a glare, holding back from asking just what Nyssa saw.
The mysterious attitude of everyone that met her was getting extremely
frustrating.

"Moira is here too," Simeon said grimly, interrupting the staring match
occurring between the two women.

"I wondered where she'd turn up," Nyssa said, running a hand through her dark
brown hair.

"I'm not going to sleep tonight, am I?" she asked rhetorically.

"She's been recruiting from the local orphanage," Simeon told her.

"Shit, don't tell me this now," Nyssa protested. "We have enough trouble here as
it is. Those self-styled 'Sons of Shadow' have been causing havoc..."

Nyssa trailed off as the other Council members returned from lunch, their muted
conversation barely audible to Julie. Nyssa reached underneath the desk, causing
the camera to zoom out to include the entire room.

Julie wondered just how they managed to get any work done, judging by their
clothing, or lack thereof. Some of their outfits' resembled things she had seen
in Samantha's closet the day before; others Julie couldn't imagine wearing.

"Let me do the talking," Simeon advised her in a low voice. Julie shrugged, not
sure what she was doing here in the first place.

"I'd like to introduce Julie," Simeon said when everyone was seated.

Julie smiled uncertainly as all eyes fell upon her, uncomfortable with being the
centre of attention.

"She's an orphan," Simeon told them, "so she needs someone to acknowledge her."

"Can't she speak for herself?" a dark haired man asked, the completely black
outfit he was wearing giving him a disturbing appearance.

"She knows nothing of our ways," Simeon replied coolly.

"Then perhaps she should learn and do her own begging."

Simeon touched Julies' side with a gloved hand to stop her angry retort. She
settled for crossing her arms and glaring at him. It didn't escape her notice
that the other Council members didn't appear to share his opinion.

"What do you want?" Simeon asked, keeping his voice neutral.

"How about proof of her status?" the man replied.

"Take off your shirt," Simeon said in a low voice, turning to Julie.

"What?" she asked incredulously.

"Take off your shirt. They want proof, so show them your mark... You do have
one?"

"Yes... but I have no bra," she protested, her face warming. She glanced at the
expectant faces on the screen.

"Take off the entire thing. If you show you're not ashamed, it'll look good for
you," Simeon said after a moment.

"Well?" the man called.

Julie took a deep breath, and then tugged the shirt up and over her head.
Defiantly, she threw it to the ground and turned to face the screen, arms
crossed beneath her breasts. She stood still, trying not to shiver as she glared
at the dark-haired man, daring him to say something.

The necklace sat nestled between the smooth orbs of her breasts, casting a
slight purple glow between them. The gold figures shone with reflected light,
their nudity overshadowed by hers.

The silence that greeted her display was worse than any comment. She could feel
their eyes roaming across her body, appraising, judging; it was an effort to
stand still and bear it.

"You know nothing about your parents?" Nyssa said suddenly, breaking the
silence.

Julie glanced uncertainly at Simeon. His expression was unreadable.

"Only that my mother died giving birth," Julie told them. "No-one knew her name
or my fathers'."

"I will acknowledge you," Nyssa said suddenly, bowing her head slightly.

Disturbed by the shocked expressions and uncertain of how to respond, Julie
repeated the gesture back, sending her necklace swinging.

"You can put your shirt back on now," Simeon told her, staring at Nyssa in
surprise.

Julie sighed with relief, crouching down to collect the discarded garment.

"Can you talk to the maids for me?" Simeon asked. "Keep them from going crazy."

Julie stood with a nod, glad of an excuse to leave. The whole "ceremony" had
left her with more questions than answers, and apparently someone who didn't
like her.

"Julie," Nyssa called suddenly. "Your mothers' name... her name was Kelly."

"Thanks," Julie said after a moment, one of her questions answered.

Simeon gave her a warning look; now was not the time to ask about her family.
She glanced painfully at the screen, wanting to ask a dozen questions. Who was
her father; why was she supposed to be dead; who the hell was Moira?

Instead she left the room, her questions unanswered. Pausing outside, she slid
one hand into her shirt and drew out her necklace. Perhaps I should have
mentioned it, she thought to herself.

With a shrug she replaced it. It was hard to miss, and they all had to have seen
it. After all, it was only a necklace.



Samantha sat in the police station, huddled in a blanket provided by a kindly
officer. It isn't every day you find a naked teenage girl bound to a mechanised
pleasure device right above a crime scene, and the officers had taken a
suspiciously long time to disable it.

A female officer came over and grudgingly gave her a mug of hot chocolate to
drink, her eyes flickering distastefully over the collar encircling Sam's neck.

Samantha had expected the police yesterday, but they had never come. Instead,
the break-in went un-noticed until a street-cleaner had uncovered the body lying
in the snow outside.

Things had gone quickly downhill from there. The broken glass amidst the fallen
snow brought the police inside the store, where they had discovered the ruins of
Evan and Julies' short-lived battle. It had been quickly established that this
was no ordinary crime scene; they only had to see the remains of the
gang-members to work that out.

 "Samantha, do you want to tell us what happened?" one of the older officers
asked, sitting down uncomfortably close to her. She sighed, taking a sip from
the drink.

"Some men came into the store and... tied us up," she said slowly. "There were
two other girls, Julie and Susan... from the orphanage."

"Do you know why they came after you?" he asked.

"They were... angry with Julie about something."

"And how did they die?"

Samantha took a sip from the drink, staying silent. She knew this was one secret
that they shouldn't know. Telling her own theories about Evan would probably end
up with her in a nut-house.

"Did someone come and help?" he prodded.

"Master came and helped us," Sam told him after a long pause.

The policeman raised an eyebrow, whilst in the background Sam heard the female
officer mutter "Slut" under her breath.

 "I see," the officer said dubiously. "And... what did 'Master' do?"

"He killed them... with his hands," Sam told him, nervous about revealing any
more.

"Samantha... those men look like they've been doused with acid. Do you want to
tell me the truth?"

 "Master killed them with his touch," she said matter-of-factly.

"You do know that's impossible," the officer said, giving her a look that
questioned her sanity.

"Obviously it isn't," she snapped, putting the mug down beside her.

She knew they would work everything out eventually; all they needed was a
blood-test.

"Give me a knife," she said suddenly, much to the officers' surprise.

 "You're not getting a knife," he said flatly, looking at her as if she was
suddenly dangerous.

"Fine, don't give me one." Before they could stop her, she raised an arm to her
mouth and bit down hard.

"Mm!" she grunted, quickly drawing blood. She then showed the injury to the
stunned officers clustered around her.

"Fuck," one of them said breathlessly.

"It took a few weeks before I could do this," she explained, her voice tense
with concentration as the skin slowly knitted together again.

One of the officers left the room hastily; moments later she heard him picking
up a phone and the rapid tapping of buttons.

Samantha sighed, picking up her mug again. It was going to be a long day.



Her memories were hazy, filled with thoughts of horror and disbelief. She
clearly remembered the sharp, acidic taste of the gas that had filled her lungs
with every breath, and then they broke apart into incomplete sensations and
words; the buzz of a shaver; gagging on a rubber tube, something hard being
inserted into her vagina.

The warm liquid that Moira had laid her paralysed body in had hardened and
become almost transparent, capturing her naked beauty for the world to see. Once
her limbs had woken up, she had discovered that the substance was soft and
squishy, allowing her to move slightly within its confinement.

At least I can be comfortable until someone rescues me, she had reasoned early
on, trying to control her rising fear of being buried alive.

And so she had lain, trapped tears blurring her vision, as her captor had
demonstrated the functions of the various tubes and devices that had been
inserted into her body. She remembered the muffled sound of her trapped screams
as pain lanced through her loins, and the smiling face of her captor holding the
small black control that now governed her life.

She opened her eyes, feeling someone sit down on top of her. She looked
fearfully up at the man above, and was surprised to see that he was watching
with an almost guilty expression. Her fear peaked as she saw the black object
sitting in his hand, breathing shallowly as she imagined the pain that awaited
her.

The warm buzzing in her pussy was totally unexpected. She looked at him
suspiciously, fearing that any moment the pleasure would turn into horrible
agony, but instead it increased, eliciting a groan from her trapped lips.

She tried to smile up at him, grateful for anything to alleviate the terror that
filled every moment of her life. He put down the control and gave her a weak
smile, before sliding off the edge of her table and disappearing from her
limited field of view.

Perhaps being trapped inside a table top isn't all bad, she told herself,
breathing deeply from the tubes plugging her nostrils.



It wasn't hard for Julie to find the maids; they were sitting in a small group
outside the now empty kitchen. Seeing her alone, they stood up and clustered
protectively around the poor maid that Susan had left with. Julie felt strange
at being able to instil so much fear by her presence.

"Oh please," she said in exasperation. "Do you really think I came here for
revenge?"

The maids glanced at each other nervously.

"What do you want?" the closest girls asked.

"I want to... to help," Julie said.

The girl sniffed, crossing her arms over her white uniform.

"You can help us?" She looked at Julie doubtfully. "If you didn't notice, we're
all permanently chaste."

"I thought she didn't... do it to all of you?" Julie asked in mild surprise.

"They were the smart ones; they walked out of here."

"How many of you have infections?" Julie asked, an idea forming.

"Too many," the girl said grimly, pressing her thighs together sympathetically.

As a group the girls seemed to decide Julie wasn't going to try and exact
vengeance upon the innocent maid. They relaxed and spread out across the hall.

"You're a Mistress?" the girl asked, apparently the groups unofficial leader.

"That's right."

"We bought some cream that is supposed to help with the infections," the lead
girl said. "But it doesn't work since we can't... remove them."

"Can you... help us?" she asked, uncertainly.

"Are we going to do this in the hallway?" Julie asked after a moment, smiling
slightly.

After a short debate they all followed Julie to her room; the small room feeling
cosy with a dozen girls in it.

A short brunette, Lilly, was volunteered to go first. She was quivering with
fear as she sat down on the edge of the bed, watching as Julie approached. She
put a hand on Lilly's chest and pushed gently, getting her to lie back.

Lilly went crazy when Julie lifted her skirt, kicking and screaming in an
attempt to get Julie away. The other girls were forced to hold her down as Julie
tugged free the girls' plain white panties, exposing her angry and swollen sex.

Her hatred burning at what Moira had indirectly done to these girls', Julie
cupped Lilly's sex in both hands, the girls' returning hair tickling the palm of
her hand. Lilly froze, whimpering at the intimate touch.

There was a tense moment when Julie wondered if she could do anything for Lilly,
uncertain whether the warmth she felt was from Lilly or her own.

Lilly shuddered, mewling as she spread her legs wider and pressed her sex
against the warmth that radiated from Julies' touch.

The young Mistress concentrated harder, moving one hand so that she could slip
her fingers between the warm metal piercing the girls tender flesh. Her
confidence growing, Julie hooked one finger around the highest piece of metal,
urging the soft skin surrounding it to change.

Lilly groaned and lifted her hips into the air as Julie began to draw the first
piercing from its home, skin flowing around it like water. Julie could feel
herself growing weaker as the piercing came free in her fingers, skin closing up
behind it.

In a snap decision Julie moved her hands onto Lilly's thighs and pushed her into
the middle of the bed, climbing up as she did. Her mouth closed over Lilly's
sex, her tongue probing between the remaining metal as Lilly squirmed underneath
her. The taste of Lilly seemed to push back the lethargy that was creeping into
her limbs, nothing like a simple kiss with Susan though.

Julie was vaguely aware of the tension in the maids surrounding her, most of her
concentration focused upon working the metal bars free with her tiring tongue.
Lilly came several times before all the bars were removed, her liquids coating
Julies' face and the sheets below.

Exhausted, Julie slid back and rolled over onto her back, staring up at the
plain white roof. She closed her eyes, hoping that they would just go away.

"Thank you," she heard Lilly say distantly. She felt the girl moving on the bed.

"Are you okay?" Lilly asked from above, looking down at Julies' ashen face.

"Very tiring," Julie said weakly. "I'll be fine."

She could hear the maids talk amongst themselves for a moment, but was too tired
to pay attention to what they said. It soon became apparent when she felt them
lifting her up and pulling the covers back, gently tucking her into bed.

Julie felt them leaving and sighed, shifting to get herself comfortable. It took
a moment to register that she wasn't alone. One eye opened lazily, spotting
Lilly sitting on the floor by the door.

"We were worried for you," she explained with an uncertain smile.

"Get Susan," Julie whispered, closing her eyes again.

Lilly frowned, but stood up obediently and stuck her head out the doorway.
Apparently there were more maids outside. Julie slowly remembered that they had
nothing better to do.

So very tired, she thought, wondering where Susan was.

--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading and ideas for the story.

--




Chapter 12 - Enlightenment



Julie had no idea how long she lay semi-conscious, forcing herself to stay awake
despite her exhaustion. It seemed like hours passed by before she felt the bed
move underneath her.

"Susan?" she queried weakly.

"I'm here Mi... Julie," Susan said gently, sliding in next to Julie under the
sheets.

"I overdid it again," Julie whispered.

"It's okay now, the food is here," Susan said, wriggling closer.

"You're not food," Julie said in an injured tone as she pushed herself into a
slumped sitting position, her action tugging the sheets back to expose her legs.

She could see Lilly watching silently now, sitting cross-legged on the floor.

"That's all I seem to be useful for," Susan said sadly, one hand rubbing
absently along Julies' naked thigh. "Moira fed on me, you feed on me; I don't
want to spend my life as a human snack."

Julie sighed tiredly.

"I didn't exactly picture you as my pet when we met at the Doctors either," she
said slowly, "but I can't do anything about it now."

"I know, it's not your fault. But the tattoo thing... it looks so permanent..."
Susan trailed off miserably, her eyes following her hand up and down Julies'
leg.

Silently Julie let herself slide down onto her pillow, forcing down the growing
urge within her to devour the teenage beauty in bed next to her.

Was her ownership of Susan permanent? Her image of a mistress was all black
leather and strap-on dildos - something that wasn't entirely unappealing to her
but she doubted Susan would enjoy being led around on a leash and sucking a
rubber penis.

"I wonder if I can spank you when you're naughty," Julie suddenly mused out
loud, smiling at Susan's shocked expression.

"You're in no position to spank anyone," Susan replied, ignoring the thought of
her naked buttocks squirming on Julies' lap. "You can barely move."

In response, Julie quickly rolled over onto the smaller girl, pinning her arms
underneath the sheets. Her head spun with the exertion but she forced herself to
concentrate.

"I think it's time to eat," Julie told her, using her weight to supplement her
tired muscles in holding Susan still. "...if that's okay with you?"

"I have a choice now?" Susan said, pausing in her struggles.

Julie said nothing, painfully recalling the earlier episodes when she pounced on
Susan. She felt like a thief.

After a moments thought, Susan reached up and gave Julie a kiss, her tongue
tentatively probing against Julies' lips.

Julie returned it hungrily, her tongue tasting Susan's mouth as her hand
explored down between their bodies. Her thumb found the waist of her panties and
pulled them down.

"You haven't got that belt any more," Julie noted as their mouths parted.

Susan stiffened, her tongue still protruding slightly from between her lips.

"Do you have to? Can't we just... kiss?" Susan looked uncertainly up at her
Mistress.

"You didn't have a problem yesterday," Julie said teasingly. Susan just blushed
and looked away.

"If you belong to me..." Julie said uncertainly as she felt for Susan's top.
"...then this is like playing with your self."

Susan shifted uncomfortably.

"I... I don't do that," she admitted, looking away.

"You've never touched yourself?" Julie asked in surprise as she tugged Susan's
flimsy top free.

"N... No," Susan stammered as Julie began rubbing her nipples. "It's...
naughty."

"Would you do it if Trig asked you?" Julie asked, massaging Susan's small
breasts in her hands.

"M... Maybe..." she replied, arching her back slightly.

"Would you do it...," Julie began, reaching down underneath the sheet, "...if I
asked you?"

Her hand slid under Susan's skirt, following the curves of her body lower.

"Mm, yes," Susan moaned, pressing her sex against Julies' hand as her eyes
closed.

"Do you like that?" Julie asked, withdrawing her hand slightly.

Susan groaned and pressed her hips forwards, but instead of providing the
pleasure she craved, Julie pulled Susan's hand from its hiding place behind her
back and drew it down between them.

"Go on," Julie encouraged when Susan tried to pull her hand away.

Reluctantly, Susan relaxed and allowed Julie to guide her hand to her sex.
Tentatively she began to explore the delicate pink folds of her body.

"Good girl," Julie said approvingly, sliding the sheet back and gently undoing
Susan's skirt.

Susan smiled nervously as Julie pulled the flimsy garment free, her eyes closed
as she touched herself. She felt so dirty, as if another part of her innocence
was lost. It seemed so long ago when she had been a virgin; when she hadn't been
tied up and forced to suck cock; when she hadn't been a sex-slave to her friend.

"I can't do it," Susan said suddenly, withdrawing her hand and trying to wriggle
away from underneath Julie.

She was momentarily stunned as Julie twisted around backwards in a short burst
of energy, grabbing her head between her thighs. Her eyes widened at the sight
of Julies' tight anus mere centimetres from her nose, giving Julie a moment to
part her legs.

Susan gasped as she felt Julies' tongue probing at her shaven labia, her hurried
breathing hot against her naked skin. She took a deep, drawing in the scent of
her friends' arousal.

"Julie..." she protested weakly, the word trailing off into a hiss as Julie
found her tiny clitoris with her teeth and began coaxing it from hiding.

Susan felt a strong urge to open her mouth and make love to the pussy that sat
so tantalisingly close to her face, its smooth folds glistening with moisture.
To stop herself, Susan shut her eyes to the view before her and concentrated on
the pleasure coursing through her body.

"Ah... ah..." she panted, spreading her legs painfully wide and raising her hips
off the bed.

She could feel her orgasm approaching as Julie continued to feed. The older girl
was sucking hard on her engorged clitoris, rubbing her tongue across the tip of
her sensitive organ. Susan wrapped her arms around Julies' waist, feeling a
tinge of sadness that Julies' t-shirt separated them.

Julie barely noticed; her mind totally focused upon the heavenly taste of Susan.
Her entire body was tingling with energy now, she felt like she could remove
every piercing from the maids.

She felt Susan shudder underneath her as she came, her squeals of pleasure
reaching Julie through her sex-crazed state. She could feel her hunger subsiding
as Susan relaxed underneath her.

Sated once again, Julie raised her head from between Susan's legs, her tongue
licking the excess liquids from around her lips. The exhausted girl lay panting
on the bed, the sheets underneath her soaked with sweat.

Trying to be silent, Julie climbed from the bed and snuck into the bathroom.
There she collected the chastity belt that rested in the cupboard, taking a
moment to use the little jar of lubricant that lay beside the enema kit she had
requested yesterday.

Smiling to herself, she slid back into her room, looking at Lilly who still sat
silently by the doorway, her face bright red. Julie saw the girls eyes widen at
the device and then flicker over Susan who still had her eyes closed.

Carefully Julie climbed onto the bed, the belt already open and waiting, the
front panel in the opposite hand and the catheter hanging through the hole it
left.

Spinning around, Julie straddled Susan's chest and took the belt in both hands.
Susan merely moaned, sliding down to expose herself better.

"What are you doing?" Susan asked as she felt Julies' fingers smearing lubricant
around her anus.

Ignoring her, Julie lined up the cold, steel dildos, and then in one swift
motion plunged them in half-way.

"AHH!" the poor girl squealed, trying to sit up.

Julie simply placed her full weight on Susan's chest and slid the dildos home,
closing the belt with a click.

"Much better," Julie said happily, crawling down to sit between Susan's legs.

Susan sat up, grabbing at the belt that was locked once again around her waist.

"Hey!" she cried in outrage. "Now Trig has to..." she trailed off, seeing the
key that Julie held between her fingers.

"Moira has the key that was here," Julie said, pointing to one side of Susan's
belt. "There was a second one on the other side, inside the waistband. Now lie
back."

Julie slid forwards, taking the catheter between her fingers; Susan's eyes
widened in horror.

"Not that again," she cried, even as she obediently lay back on the bed.

Delicately Julie fed the rubbery tube into Susan's body, ignoring her whimpers
of discomfort. Once the front panel was secured, Julie sat up and looked at
Susan, enjoying every moment.

"I also found out that there's a lock on the inside that will only allow you to
use the toilet when the key is in." Julie paused to let the full meaning sink
in.

"P... Please take it off," Susan stammered nervously.

Julie, however, could see the excitement behind Susan's eyes.

"I'm so happy there was a key," Julie told her with a smile. "Or I would have
had to ask Trig to make me one."

As if he had been listening, the door opened and Trig walked in.

"Sorry to interrupt..." he trailed off, his eyes widening at the scene that lay
before him.

With an almost palpable effort, he tore his eyes from the semi-naked Susan on
the bed to look at Julie.

"We have a slight problem."



They had moved her table, something that had scared her immensely, especially
when she was tilted on her side to fit through the doorways. A tablecloth had
been hastily thrown over her, obscuring her already limited view of the world
outside her transparent prison.

Mercifully, the woman in black had not discovered the settings on the dildo
sealed into her body, so it was still purring away. Its presence was a
distraction, but she would gladly endure it in favour of some of the other
torments that could be inflicted on her.

The woman seemed to have completely forgotten about her existence beneath the
cloth, for which she was also thankful. The less she was noticed, the better.

As long as they continue to feed me, she thought grimly, trying not to think
about what would happen if she got sick whilst trapped in here. The woman began
speaking again, apparently using the phone.

"Yes Sir, everything is going well. We're following your specifications to the
letter...... No Sir, not yet... Yes, we looked everywhere, but...... I know
that, I designed the first... No Sir... What...?" Her last sentence was cut off
abruptly.

"Son of a bitch," she snarled suddenly, slamming the handset down onto the
cradle.



Susan had not wanted to leave the bedroom with the belt on once again, but Julie
had given her little choice in the matter. Her arm ached as Julie almost dragged
her through the building, the plugs making their presence known with each long
step she took to keep her balance.

By the time they reached Simeon's office, her face was flushed red with exertion
and she felt extremely horny. Susan stepped over to the comforting presence of
Trig once Julie released her hand, his arms wrapping around her upper body
protectively as he stood by the door.

"We have a serious problem here," Simeon said flatly, still sitting at his desk.
"First off, there's half a dozen patrol cars parked outside the sex-toy store."

"So they found them?" Julie asked, glancing at the still unconscious
house-mistress who was propped up in a chair.

"Yeah, you could say that. Apparently your friend didn't clean up the mess, and
they now have Samantha and at least two ex-gang-members..."

"But it was self defence," Julie interrupted uneasily.

"I know, and I'm already dealing with the police, so don't worry about that yet.
Our problem is Moira."

"What does Moira have to do with it?" Julie asked, slightly relieved.

"It's not like her to go around kidnapping people. She's more subtle than that;
like how she came into possession of the Doctors' Surgery. She put a lot of
effort into getting that place under her thumb; why risk it by blatantly
kidnapping you girls?"

"Perhaps... she got bored?" Julie offered.

"I don't think so," he said sceptically.

"And why are you telling me this?" Julie asked.

"Because the Doctors' Surgery has been abandoned; she's not there anymore. Now
the Police are looking for you two, and I have a bad feeling that Moira has gone
to the Orphanage, which is where they're going to look. If she pulls anything
with them... it won't be pretty."

"Would she do that?" Julie asked, frowning.

"Trig and I will go get Sam, and hope that Moira isn't too stupid. As for you
two..." he trailed off, searching for something underneath the desk.

"...you have a video to watch." He placed an unmarked tape on the top of his
desk.

Julie blinked in surprise, totally unprepared.

"Can't we come with you?" Susan asked, eyeing the video unhappily.

Simeon stared at her silently until she realised that walking into the Police
station wouldn't be the best idea for her.

"Oh... never mind," she said, looking down at the suddenly very interesting
floor.

"You'll see her later," Simeon promised, pushing back his chair and standing up.

"Let's go," he said to Trig, and then glanced at Julie.

"I will answer your questions soon," he said, earning a frustrated look from
Julie.



Samantha paced restlessly, her bare feet slapping against the cold, concrete
floor of the jail cell. The officers had put her here to "get some rest" and
although the door wasn't locked, she didn't think she would be allowed to just
walk out.

From the reaction of the Police to her little demonstration, they had been
completely unaware of Evan and his "kind" until she had shown them. Samantha
felt exceedingly guilty for letting his secret out, even if it wasn't really her
fault.

"Hey," she called out, pausing in her pacing. "Can I get some clothes here?"

When there was no response, she pushed open the heavy steel door and walked down
to the entrance to the underground jail. It didn't take long to discover that
the door leading upstairs was locked.

"Hey, let me out!" she yelled, banging on the door with one hand. When the noise
stopped echoing around the concrete rooms, there was silence.

"Fuck this," Samantha cursed, giving the door one last hit.

It didn't surprise her too much that she was locked in. No doubt they were going
to take her away and perform tests like she was some sort of alien. Wistfully,
she returned to her cell and was about to sit down on the hard mattress when the
end door opened.

Surprised, she stepped out of her open cell, not bothering to keep the blanket
completely covering her nudity. The female officer stiffened as she saw Samantha
standing in the middle of the hall, and seemed to debate whether to simply drop
the clothes she was carrying and walk out.

Instead she gritted her teeth and approached Sam, holding out the clothes in
front of her.

"Here. We couldn't find any underwear." The woman nearly threw the clothes into
Samantha's arms and turned to leave.

"Not that you probably wear any," the woman muttered.

"Hey," Samantha called angrily to her back.

The woman turned around, straight into Samantha's fist as it slammed into her
soft stomach.

"That's for calling me a slut earlier," she snapped as the police woman almost
collapsed to the floor, gasping for breath.

"Who... do you think... you are?" she panted as Samantha turned away to pick up
the discarded clothes.

"I'm already a suspect for murder, so I think I can live with 'Assaulting a
Police Officer' on my list." Samantha paused, and turned to face her. "Plus, you
deserved that."

Holding her stomach gingerly, the female police woman stood up straight,
slightly put off by the now naked girl standing unashamed before her.

"I thought you police were tough," Sam remarked, slightly surprised by the
woman's reaction.

"We don't normally suspect naked teenagers will punch us in the stomach," the
woman said wryly, some of her wariness evaporating. "It was a good punch too,"
she admitted.

"Thanks," Sam said, smiling slightly. "May I get dressed, Miss...?" she cut off
the last word suddenly, but the woman's eyes still narrowed slightly.

"Go ahead," she said finally.

The police woman waited around whilst Samantha dressed, carefully averting her
eyes. The sound of the door opening attracted her attention. She glanced up to
see two figures step through the door; one tall and muscular man, the other
slightly shorter and his face wrapped up like a mummy.

"Hey, you're not allowed down here," she said, once again the professional
police officer.

When they didn't stop approaching, one hand dropped to her side and unclipped
the gun that sat there.

"Stop right there," she warned, trying to keep the nervousness from her voice.

"Sir..." Trig said warningly.

"Stop!" she said, slightly louder as she drew the pistol and levelled it at
Trig, estimating him as the most immediate threat.

In one motion Simeon lashed out at her with one gloved hand. She felt something
slam into the gun, knocking it from her fingers and sending it clattering into
the opposite cell.

She had only a moment to realise he didn't actually touch her before they walked
up to her... and past, like she was inconsequential.

"Samantha," Simeon said to the surprised girl in the cell.

Samantha tilted her head as she studied him.

"Yes, Master?" she replied after a moment, lowering her eyes.

"Good. Let's go, then."

"What the fuck are you doing?" the police woman said to him, quivering
nervously. "What did you do to the other officers?" Outnumbered and unarmed, she
was half expecting him to kill her.

"I'm taking the girl," he said shortly, turning to study her.

"And the officers are fine; but unfortunately for you, they won't remember us
coming down here, or leaving." He smiled then. "I don't know how you'll explain
the missing clothes, but you seem like a smart girl; you'll figure something
out."

"You're... you're just going to walk out with him?" she asked Samantha
incredulously.

"That's what I'm doing, isn't it?" Samantha replied with a smile.

"Thank the Lady for the clothes," Simeon said, giving her a chastising prod in
the back.

Samantha sighed and lowered her gaze.

"Um... thanks for the clothes," Samantha said slowly. "And... I'm sorry for
hitting you."

"I... err... No problem... You just let him order you around like that?"

"Maybe one day you'll understand," she replied with a smile.

"We should go, Sir," Trig muttered, his eyes constantly searching for any
possible threat.

"I agree," Simeon replied.

Taking the lead, Trig made his way up the stairs, Simeon and the uncertain but
obedient Samantha following behind.

In the now quiet cell, the lone police woman slumped to the ground and buried
her face in her hands.

"What the hell just happened?" she wondered aloud.



Julie sat down on the floor in front of Simeon's desk, waiting as the screen
flickered to life. Susan had taken the comfortable desk-chair and refused to
move, much to her annoyance.

"What is this video anyway?" Susan asked, leaning back in the chair.

"I'm not sure," Julie admitted, watching the slightly flickering blackness of
the TV.

A sudden burst of static startled them both, and then a bored-sounding voice
filled the air.

"Police video report: October 18th, 1985," the male-sounding voice said in a
monotone. "Location: Lakeside Drive. Footage begins at 4 o'clock."

The voice cut out but the screen remained black.

"What the hell!" Susan exclaimed, but Julie was perfectly silent. The fact that
that was a day after her birthday didn't escape her notice.

The screen came to life, displaying a shaky image of a blue-carpeted floor. The
person holding the camera lifted it up to display what Julie thought looked like
the living-room of a small house. The room was sparsely furnished, with a
cheap-looking couch and chairs spread around a small table.

The camera began to move across the room, heading towards an open doorway on the
opposite side.

"There is evidence of fire-damage in several places through the house," said the
same voice, sounding just as bored.

He took a moment to pass the camera across several black patches in the carpet
and on the tacky wallpaper covering everything, as if someone had set fire to
it. Finished recording the damage, the cameraman continued through the doorway
into a brightly lit hall

"The first victim is here, no identification." He continued down the hall,
slowing as it circled the man lying slumped against the wall.

"Cause of death was apparently a hard impact to the chest whilst the victim was
standing back to the wall. The victim shows similar burn marks on his clothing."

The camera left the man, moving up to show the rather impressive dent in the
wall beginning waist-high and ending in a rough oval to shoulder-height.

"Wow," Susan said, sitting up to get a better look.

The cameraman turned away abruptly, the view shifting dizzyingly to look through
the doorway opposite the man. It was a small bedroom, the open curtains allowing
the bright sun to shine on the depressing scene inside. There were two police
officers, dressed in their crisp uniforms, who stood impatiently by the bed
filling the middle of the room.

The camera shifted to show the second victim, who was laying face-down on the
floor at the base of the bed. His limbs were arranged limply around him, as if
some giant force had picked him up and squeezed.

"Ouch," Susan squeaked, shutting her eyes protectively.

Julie grew more and more impatient as the man detailed each of the people in the
room. The man on the floor had another accomplice who was in a similar state
beside the bed. Then he finally got to the person on the bed.

"The final victim, a female in her early twenties: cause of death unknown. Her
identification says "Kelly", last name unknown. She was found holding the child
in her arms, name unknown."

The man fell silent as he panned the camera across the woman lying prone on the
bed. She looked almost alive, as if she was merely sleeping. Her dark-brown hair
formed a halo around her pale face, the barest hint of a smile on her lips.

Julie leaned forward slightly, her hands clenching in the beginnings of anger.
The fact that her mother wasn't alive didn't bother her; she'd always known
that. But that she had been lied to about how she died...

"You bastards," she swore under her breath, not taking her eyes from the screen
for a moment.

"She appears to have an object in one hand, some sort of decoration," the man
said, moving the camera to show Kelly's open palm.

"Hey, that's your necklace," Susan exclaimed as the camera zoomed in.

Then the man did something strange. He reached out, took the necklace from
her... and then the video cut off abruptly.

"Okay... what was the point of that?" Susan said, turning off the screen after a
minute of featureless black.

"That was... my mother," Julie said after a long moment.

"She was killed?" Susan asked, surprised.

"They told me she died giving birth," Julie said, gritting her teeth.

"So... it's like a cover-up or something?"

"You saw what happened to those guys... of course they covered it up. Just like
Simeon has gone to cover-up what happened with Samantha. My life has been
stuffed under a rug, and I know nothing about it!"

She fished down her shirt and pulled free the necklace.

"At least one thing they told me is true; this belonged to my mother. Maybe they
were trying to steal it; there didn't look like she had anything else of value."

"If they were trying to steal it, how did she kill them? It looked like a giant
had beaten them all up."

"I think Simeon knows something about it," Julie said, settling herself down to
wait.



Julie heard them approaching from outside, and was standing ready when the door
opened.

She opened her mouth to speak as Simeon walked in, but a quick stare from him
momentarily silenced her.

Julie gritted her teeth, exercising every shred of self-control not to explode
at him. It's not his fault, she told herself.

"Hey!" Samantha exclaimed in surprise. "He didn't tell me you were here!" She
shot Simeon an annoyed look; he just shrugged and forced Susan from his chair.

"There are a lot of things he's not telling us," Julie said levelly.

"I have not withheld anything from you," Simeon said defensively. "I had no idea
until last night."

"What's going on?" Samantha asked, staring at them all in confusion.

Quietly Susan walked over to Samantha whilst Julie and Simeon "discussed" the
video, which involved a lot of Julie shouting, and Simeon listening with
increasing annoyance.

"I think we should go," Susan whispered, touching the older girl on the
shoulder.

"I think we should stay," Samantha whispered. "Who knows what we might miss out
on."

Susan frowned as Samantha gave her a wink. She's strange, she thought to
herself.

"Will you calm down!?" Simeon said loudly, the second time Susan had seen him
get angry.

Julie flinched, biting her lip to keep herself from replying.

"First of all, I'm sorry you had to find out this way, but I had little choice.
Things are falling apart, and I can't help that."

He took a deep breath, and then leaned forward to look closely at her.

"Do you have a... trinket... necklace... something unusual?"

"Err..." she faltered at the unexpected question. "I have my necklace... but
you've seen that before?" Simeon was silent.

"Ah," he said finally. "So you have had it all this time."

Julie had a feeling he didn't mean it as a question. She made to pull it from
its resting place underneath her shirt.

"Don't bother getting it out," he told her. "No-one can see it."

"Huh?" Julie paused, staring at him incredulously with one hand poised to
disappear down her shirt. "Susan's seen it before. It's not... invisible or
anything."

"Really?" he said, looking at Susan. "That's interesting."

Julie frowned at him.

"Sorry, sorry. It's like a... self-defence mechanism. Only the wearer can see
it... and apparently their property." He glanced meaningfully at Susan. "I have
no idea what it does; the Council is staying very quiet. What I do know is that
there are a lot of people who are looking for it."

"And they killed my mother to get it?" Julie asked numbly, the necklace hanging
heavy on its chain. Simeon nodded grimly.

"Apparently it's been lost since then... and suddenly we find Moira on your
doorstep. I don't think it's just coincidence; she's looking for it."

Julie stood still for a moment, her face blank. Silently she turned away and
walked out of the office.

--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading.

--




Chapter 13 - Shadows



The waiting area was severely overcrowded, and Nyssa was finding it increasingly
hard to maintain her cool when every few seconds someone almost stepped on her
toes.

Sighing, she leant back against the cool steel of the pillar behind her, her
attempts to look out over the crowd frustrated by her slightly less than average
height.

"Nothing yet, Mistress," Becky said, the tall teenage girl easily looking over
the sea of moving people at the screen displaying their flight status.

"I hate travel," Nyssa said miserably, crossing her arms underneath her breasts
and glaring at a man who had decided to lean against her pillar. He muttered an
apology and left in search of somewhere else.

"You would think the Council would get its own private transportation; instead
we have to go with everyone else in these steel death-traps. If I'm going to
die, I would like to do so in comfort."

"Don't be silly," Becky said, focusing most of her attention on a
professional-looking man standing nearby. He saw her watching, and gave her an
interested smile. Becky licked her lips hungrily and stepped away from the wall.

"Don't even think about it," Nyssa said sternly, turning her glare towards
Becky's target. His smile faded and he looked away, seemingly finding something
interesting across the other side of the room.

"You're so mean when we travel," Becky said, pouting.

"I'm sure you'll find more men to seduce after we arrive," Nyssa said, craning
her neck to see the screen once again. "Control yourself, or I'll lock you in
something that will..."

"Oh look," Becky cut in, staring at the distant screen. "It's our turn."

Nyssa frowned at the interruption, but chose to ignore it. Calmly Becky picked
up the bag at her feet and stepped into the crowd. Nyssa grunted in annoyance
and followed, continuing to glare at everyone who stepped in her way.

Fortunately for the pretty girl at the security station, there was no trouble
allowing them through. Nyssa was about ready to snap at the first sign of
trouble.

"I hate travel," Nyssa said once they were safely strapped into their seats.

"You're supposed to be the big, strong dominant here," Becky said, failing to
keep the amusement from her voice.

"When we arrive, I am going to give you the biggest spanking for that comment,"
Nyssa said, wringing her hands nervously.

Becky shut her mouth and stared at the seat in front of her. She passed a
sideways glance at the people sitting nearest to her, an elderly couple who were
staring at her in surprise.

"Hi there," she said sweetly to them.

"Is she a Mistress?" the old man asked; the book in his hands forgotten.

"Yep," Becky said happily. "She's a little sore though, she doesn't like
travelling."

"I see," he said absently, staring at her chest.

Suddenly he let out a yelp and turned to his wife who was glaring at him, her
hand poised to give him another jab in the side.

"Uh... nice talking to you," he said hastily, and became absorbed in his book.

The woman glared at Becky. The young girl smiled sweetly at her, but was
interrupted as the floor lurched underneath her.

"Off we go," she said excitedly, peering out the window at their side.

"I hate this part," Nyssa moaned sickly, closing her eyes and gripping the
arm-rests hard.

Her face grew paler with each moment as the cabin shuddered around them, the
barely audible hum of the engines increasing in pitch. The light filtering
through her tightly shut eyelids cut out momentarily as every last shred of
power was poured into the engines. A shudder ran through the floor, and then
everything was smooth once again, the hum subsiding into the background.

"Weird," Becky said, leaning over Nyssa to stare out the window.

Nyssa briefly opened one eye to look out the window, taking in the slightly
warped star-field that was slowly moving as they rotated. Hastily she reached
out and pulled the curtain across it before her stomach threw up her lunch.

"Three hours," she told herself firmly, trying to control her rising fear. "Just
three hours to go and then we'll be there."



"Mistress... Julie?" Samantha asked hesitantly, watching from the doorway.

Julie looked over her shoulder at the older girl, her jaw tight. She was lying
on her bed, the rumpled covers pushed to one side.

She sniffed and returned her head to the pillow.

"What's the matter?" Sam asked gently, sitting down on the soft mattress.

"Go away," Julie told her.

"Why did you leave?" Sam queried. "Evan wouldn't tell me anything," she
continued when Julie was silent. "He was... angry this morning; he beat me hard
for asking what had happened...

"Please Julie, what did he do? Why was he acting so strange?"

Julie rolled onto her back, her face softening.

"He went crazy, he was muttering 'It's not fair' and laying into me with the
cane."

"He wouldn't do that," Sam whispered, but she didn't seem very sure of herself.

"He did, and we left as fast as we could run," Julie told her grimly.

Sam fell silent, her face bleak. Did this have anything to do with how he had
been acting so strangely around her? It wasn't like him to get so angry. What
was he hiding from her? She had a feeling that the answers wouldn't be good
ones.

"My mother was murdered," Julie announced after a long silence.

"Murdered? You mean you didn't know?" she asked, thinking back to the
conversation in the office. Julie shook her head.

"The orphanage told me she had died giving birth." She fell silent for a moment.

"Not just any murder either, she managed to set fire to several of her attackers
and throw one into a wall enough to kill him."

Julie reached down her shirt and pulled free her necklace, holding the strange
object in her hand.

"And everything revolves around this thing," she said, rolling it in her palm.

"Centred on what?" Samantha asked in confusion. Julie raised an eyebrow, not
fully believing Simeon's words.

"The necklace in my hand," Julie said slowly.

"Necklace..." Samantha repeated, looking directly at Julies' hand. Was there a
necklace in her hand? As hard as she tried, her eyes kept ignoring it, like it
was just another wrinkle in Julies' palm.

"I'll take your word for it," she said dismissively. "So... the police lied to
you?"

Julie waited a moment, staring at Samantha in surprise. It was one thing to be
told you have an invisible necklace, something else to see it in action.

"Maybe the government stepped in or something, I have no idea," Julie said
wistfully. "But apparently I have people looking for me, and Moira is probably
one of them."

"They want the... invisible necklace?" Julie heard the doubt in her voice, and
it annoyed her.

Getting a good grip on the chain, Julie swung the necklace hard at Samantha,
slamming its considerable weight into her side.

"Ouch!" Samantha yelped, jumping off the bed. "Okay, okay, I believe you." She
rubbed her ribs gingerly. "How heavy is that thing?!"

"Sorry," Julie said, smiling. "It's pretty heavy." She gave it a quick look to
see that she hadn't damaged it.

"How are things with you and Susan?" Samantha asked, changing subject. "Is she
still going to kill you?"

Julie hastily rolled over to hide the blush that suddenly suffused her face.

"I think we're... past that now," she said slowly.



Emily looked up at the sound of the door opening. Being blindfolded, she had no
idea who it was. Pointlessly she began whimpering into her gag and pulling
against the cuffs that held her to the bed. Maybe they would take pity on her...

Her thoughts of rescue were crushed as the blindfold was tugged from her eyes,
revealing Trig standing over her, panting.

"Don't try anything silly," he told her sternly, undoing her tired arms.

He waited a minute whilst she stretched her muscles, and then cuffed them
together behind her back.

"Here you... are..." Susan trailed off, walking into the room.

Ignoring her shocked expression, Trig undid Emily's legs and removed the harness
from around her hips, sliding the small silver vibrator free from her sex. Emily
whimpered in humiliation as he clipped a chain to the leather collar around her
neck and tugged her to her feet.

"Who is she?" Susan demanded, quivering with anger and betrayal.

"This is... ah... Emily," Trig explained nervously. "Her parents... gave her to
me."

Emily hung her head in shame, sobbing quietly.

"How could you... I... we..." Susan stammered. "You slept with me... and there
was someone else!"

"I haven't touched her," Trig told her firmly.

"Do you like having two girls to fuck?" asked Susan angrily, ignoring him. "When
I get all worn out, she's tied up down here and ready for you?"

Trig stared at her in shock. Did she really think he was like that? He dropped
the leash and crossed his arms, listening as she continued.

"Did you take advantage of her as well? Did you share her bed to comfort her
too?"

Trying to control his anger, Trig lashed out and practically threw Susan across
the bed. She squealed in horror as he sat down on the edge and pulled her across
his knee.

"Trig!" she cried as he slid one thumb under her pants and tugged them down
around her ankles, exposing the smooth globes of her buttocks that were neatly
bisected by the silver chastity belt.

A small part of her refused to believe he was going to do it, and was silenced
as his hand came crashing down on her left cheek with a resounding slap.

"Ouch!" she yelped, the force of his strike making her entire body jerk.

She watched over her shoulder in horror as he brought his hand back for another
attack. Her entire body tensed in preparation, moments before his hand made
contact with the opposite cheek.

"N-Ah!" she cried, cut off in mid-protest. "Stop it, Trig! Please!"

She tried to protect her behind with her hands, protesting frantically for him
to stop. Trig caught her wrists and held them back as he began laying into her
behind, the sound of his hand impacting against her skin filling the room.

"Please, I'm sorry!" she begged, trying to get some purchase on the floor with
her feet.

Susan twisted to look up at him through a veil of tears and red hair. His face
was hard, but she could see his facial muscles tense with each slap of his hand.
She realised he didn't like hurting her.

Why was he punishing her then?

Maybe he really was telling the truth, she thought guiltily. Maybe I really
deserve to be spanked. She suddenly felt so sorry for what she had said to him.
She lowered her head and gritted her teeth, forcing herself to take her
punishment.

The pain was nothing like when she had been whipped, but it was so much more
intimate when she lying over his lap; especially when his hand would hit the
chastity belt and cause the plugs to jolt painfully inside her.

Susan realised that her earlier fantasy of being spanked by him was coming true,
and felt her muscles clench down on the plugs in excitement. Suddenly her
punishment took on a whole new meaning.

Trig stopped suddenly, listening to Susan's weak sobbing. Gently he began
rubbing her exposed skin with his opposite hand, feeling its' angry heat against
his palm.

"I... I'm sorry for what I said, M... Ma... Master," Susan stammered, forcing
herself to add the final honorific.

"I'm so sorry," she repeated, climbing off his lap and kneeling down in front of
him. She pulled off her shirt, and then, taking a deep breath, reached behind
and undid the clasp on her bra.

She paused for a moment, and then let the straps fall off her shoulders,
exposing her small, pale breasts to his view.

"I don't want you wearing a bra anymore, Susan," he said in a low voice.

Susan nodded obediently, feeling her muscles clench down again on the dildos
plugging her nether regions. Slowly she shuffled forward, naked except for the
belt, and parted his legs with her hands. She was breathing shallowly with
apprehension, her eyes locked on the bulge in his pants. She couldn't believe
she was actually going to do it.

"Susan?" Trig said in surprise.

She halted again and looked up at him for permission, her face red with shame.
It took him a long time to nod at her.

Susan let out the breath she didn't know she was holding. She didn't know what
she would have done if he had rejected her.

Uncertain of exactly what to do now, she reached up and fumbled with his belt.
He smiled in amusement and reached down to help her.

Feeling slightly stupid, she removed his shoes as he undid his pants for her.
She waited for a moment before realising he wanted her to pull them down.

Nervously she took hold of the waistband and pulled them down to his ankles,
exposing the hairiness of his legs. She tugged them free, and then shuffled
forwards and took hold of his underwear, smiling slightly at the bright red
fabric.

"You're doing well," Trig encouraged when she stopped.

With a decisive tug, she pulled on them, avoiding looking up as she slid them
down and off his legs.

Swallowing hard, she straightened up and looked at him, trying not to whimper at
his size. He seemed so much more daunting close-up, and she remembered how it
had felt with the gang members. There was no way she could take all of him, at
least without a gag.

Trying to stop her hands from shaking, Susan reached up and took hold of the
base with both hands, feeling him twitch at her touch. She leant forward slowly,
pausing when he was beneath her nose, and then let her tongue slide out
tentatively and taste him.

She blinked in surprise, finding him much more pleasant than the horrible taste
of the men who had raped her. She wondered if he washed often.

She took a deep breath and began licking him, her tongue exploring his hot skin.
She decided to tease him, and began licking up and down his length, her tongue
flickering across the sensitive head.

Trig moaned appreciatively, but gave her a quick tap on the head to hurry up.

Susan obediently made her way to the tip, and then, opening her mouth wide, took
the head of his cock into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around the tip, tasting
the saltiness of his liquids.

She couldn't believe she was actually doing it. Surprising herself, she suddenly
thrust her head forward, plunging his cock straight to the back of her throat.
He gasped as she rapidly pulled her head back, fighting not to gag despite the
thrill of success she felt at his response.

Slowly she took more of him again, until she had several inches inside her
mouth. Her tongue rippled along the underside of his cock, eliciting another
moan from him.

You're just full of surprises today, Trig told her silently. He had to
concentrate hard not to simply thrust his hips forward and take what he wanted.

He groaned as she rapidly took most of his cock down her throat and then
withdrew, pausing as she swallowed hard to stop herself from retching.

With both hands he reached down and began playing with her hard nipples, rubbing
and tweaking the sensitive buds. Susan drew back and smiled up at him, then took
the head of his cock in her mouth and began sucking hard. With each pull, she
drew more and more of him into her mouth, her tongue non-stop against the
underside.

"Susan, I'm... going to cum," he said huskily, throwing back his head and
breathing heavily.

She grunted, reaching up with one hand to massage his balls, and then paused. He
moaned unhappily, so close to release.

Susan took a couple of deep breaths, and then began slowly moving forwards. Trig
groaned as he slid down her throat, feeling her muscles ripple as they fought
against the intruder.

He looked down, and watched as she took his entire length down her throat,
pressing her nose into the hair covering his pubis.

"Yes!" he grunted, and came, pushing his hips forward as he pumped his seed down
into her stomach.

Susan concentrated desperately on trying not to throw up, her eyes closed as she
swallowed his cum.  She realised she was now filled in all three orifices; her
pussy and arse filled with steel whilst she deep-throated Trig. Was it really
only two days ago when she had stripped naked in the examination room?

Her lungs aching for air, she leant back and took a gasping breath once her
throat was clear. She could taste the saltiness of his cum on her tongue, and
found it wasn't as disgusting as she remembered.

Feeling dizzy now, she carefully cleaned him with her tongue, and then sat back
to look up at him.

She blushed as she saw him staring at her in amazement.

"What just happened?" he asked her. Susan looked down at the floor, blushing
terribly.

"I... I don't know... did you like it?"

"Damn right I liked it; that was the best blowjob I've ever had!"

He frowned when she raised her head, eyes full of tears.

"I'm such a slut," she said miserably, and began crying.

"Hey," he said concernedly, leaning over and pulling her up onto his lap,
feeling her tense as she sat on her sore behind.

"You're not a slut," he told her, hugging her close.

"I am!" she cried, pressing her head against his chest. "I only met you
yesterday, and I just stripped naked and gave you a... a... on my first time!"

"Susan... I..." It wasn't that good? Somehow he knew that wouldn't help.

"If you feel bad... we don't have to do anything like this, if you don't want
to."

He gave her a loving hug when she nodded, and felt her draw close to him.

"You know... it's going to be hard to stop myself... with you being naked and
sitting on my lap."

Susan made a sound that he assumed was a laugh.

Trig smiled, and then glanced around the room, his brow creasing with confusion.

They were alone.

"Err... where's Emily?"

"No idea," Susan replied, tightening her grip on his waist.

"Susan, this is not the time to get... jealous," Trig said, pushing her off his
lap and reaching for his pants.

The sound of footsteps alerted him to someone at the door. He glanced up just as
it opened, revealing Simeon standing in the doorway.

"How did you know we were here?!" Susan said in mortification, covering her
breasts with her shirt and hiding behind Trig.

"The security system keeps track of everyone," Simeon said impatiently. "We need
to leave... now. Wear warm clothes and I will see you out at the garage."
Without waiting for a response, he was gone.



"What is this about?" Julie asked as she climbed into the back of the silver
4WD. Susan slid in next to her, followed by Samantha, all three girls wearing
thick clothing given to them by Simeon.

"The Council is sending Nyssa here, so we're going to meet her," Simeon told
her, climbing into the passenger seat.

"And we all need to come for this?" Julie asked in annoyance, squeezed between
Susan and the door.

"Our supposedly unconscious spy has disappeared," Simeon announced. "I left the
room for a minute, and she had vanished."

"Has she gone after the maids?" Julie asked in concern.

"I think she's gone to find Moira, but in her confused state... she could be
anywhere. If she does find Moira, I think it will be best to stay away from the
house for a day or two, so I sent the maids home."

Susan grimaced, shifting to get comfortable between the two older girls.

"A few days!" she said unhappily. "Can't you just lock the gates?" Simeon
laughed.

"I don't think gates will stop her, and if I use... anything else, it would
attract too much attention."

Julie narrowed her eyes, noticing his hesitation. He was going to say something
else, she thought. His constant secrecy was growing steadily more frustrating.

"Ready to go, Sir," Trig called, jumping into the drivers' seat and slamming the
door, his fingers already reaching for the keys.

The 4WD had no trouble navigating through the snow, its large tyres easily
giving enough grip on the slippery ground to take them through the grounds of
the manor.

The gates automatically opened and closed silently behind them as they entered
the silent city-streets. They only passed a few cars before they left the
buildings of the city behind and were travelling through the open countryside.
Julie peered through the window, watching the snow-covered fields glisten in the
afternoon sun shining through the clouds overhead.

"Where are we going?" she asked as they passed a road-sign that named small
towns she had barely heard of.

"The State Forest," Simeon said in a tone that discouraged questions.

"Why the hell are we going there?" Samantha asked in surprise. "I thought we
were picking up this 'Nyssa' woman."

"We are," he replied flatly, and refused to answer any more questions.



The sun was low in the sky when they passed the sign announcing the State
Forest, casting orange shadows through the tall pine trees. The light covering
of snow shone cleanly on the road, interrupted only by the small footprints of
the rabbits.

"Finally," Julie sighed, leaning over the sleeping Susan to see through the
windscreen.

"Are you sure Nyssa is here?" Julie asked as the drove through an empty camping
ground. "It looks pretty deserted to me."

"Who would want to come here, this is where the murderers dump their victims,"
Samantha said ominously, then burst out laughing at the look and Julie gave her.

"Thank you for that image," Julie said with a grim smile.

"Quiet," Simeon snapped, sniffing the air. He tugged at the cloth covering his
face and took a deep breath. Julie stiffened, staring at the mottled appearance
of his skin. It wasn't just around his eyes, it covered his entire face. Maybe
he's like that all over, Julie thought, her eyes flickering to the gloves on
each hand.

Simeon stared directly at her, and then pulled the cloth over his face again.

"Trig, stop the car," he said, already reaching for the doorhandle. The 4WD slid
to a halt, and Simeon was already outside the car, his boots sinking into the
soft snow.

Trig left the engine idling and jumped out, frowning in confusion.

"What's that weird smell?" Julie called to him, her door half-open.

"Ozone," Simeon said grimly.

"Is that bad?" she asked.

"It's not the Ozone that concerns me... it's the smoke." He pointed down the
road at the black pillars slowly rising above the tree-line.

"Stay here," he said, striding forward through the snow. Trig turned around to
shut his door before running after Simeon.

"Like hell I'm staying here," Samantha said, jumping out of the car to follow.

Julie gave Susan a quick glance, and then stepped out of the car and shut the
door, leaving her sleeping soundly. Let her rest, she thought with a smile.



They approached the source of the smoke in a few minutes, finding it to be only
just off the edge of the road. At least, that's where it began. The setting sun
glinted off the twisted shards of metal that lay in the disturbed snow; some of
them still glowing red despite the cold climate.

"What the hell is that?" Samantha called to Simeon and Trig, who were much
closer.

"Wow," Julie said, staring further back at the tangled mess of burning pine
branches and twisted metal.

"It looks like a plane," Sam exclaimed as they caught up with Simeon. "How the
hell did they plan to land here?"

"It's not a plane," Julie said, noting the lack of anything resembling wings in
the battered cylindrical shape that lay nested in a sea of destroyed trees. She
watched Trig approaching a gaping hole in the side of the hull, wondering if
anyone survived.

"It's a fucking space-ship, isn't it?" she said suddenly, turning to face
Simeon.

Simeon was silent.

"What the fuck is going on? You said I wasn't an alien!"

"This isn't right," Simeon muttered to himself as he studied the crash-site.

"That hole in the side... it happened afterwards. Look, the debris is spread in
that direction only," he said, pointing. "And the hull is bent outwards, where
everything else is dented in by the trees."

"Maybe they made the hole to get out," Samantha theorised.

"Made with what explosives?" Simeon said disbelievingly.

"Is it a space-ship?" Julie almost yelled, pointing furiously at the ship.

"Yes," Simeon said flatly without turning to look at her. She fell silent, not
expecting such an easy answer.

Trig staggered from the ship, helping a pale figure support itself.

"Sir!" he yelled, waving with his free arm.

"Shit," Simeon cursed, and broke into a run. Sam and Julie glanced at each
other, and then hurried after him.

Trig fell to the snow a short distance from the ship, letting the female figure
land beside him.

"I'm fine, I'm fine," the woman said weakly, batting Trig away from her.

"Are you alright, Nyssa?" Simeon asked as he reached the two.

"It was those 'Sons of Shadow' arseholes, Simeon," she said, laying flat on her
back in the snow with one leg twisted at an unnatural angle.

Julie and Samantha arrived, their hot breath sending little clouds of fog into
the air.

"They were on the ship?" Simeon asked.

She nodded, her face clouded with anger.

"You know," she said, turning to Trig without a trace of humour. "This leg would
heal a whole lot better if you could straighten it for me."

Trig winced and took hold of her bare ankle, her newly regrown skin showing
through the nasty gashes in the fabric of her pants. It seemed to hurt him more
than Nyssa as he twisted it into the correct location, and he was very pale by
the time her leg was relatively straight.

"Thank you so much," Nyssa said without smiling.

"Did they survive the landing?" Simeon queried, glancing at the hole in the
ship.

"Most of them," Nyssa said distractedly, her eyes lidded with concentration.
"They disappeared though, and I couldn't really follow."

Simeon looked at her grimly.

"And Becky?" he asked slowly. Nyssa shook her head, keeping her face neutral.

"Um... guys..." Samantha said, staring back down the road.

Trig turned to look, peering into the distance at the parked 4WD.

And the black figures that were emerging from the trees behind it.

"Fuck," he said levelly, and sprung to his feet, boots digging into the snow as
he accelerated.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," he grunted, pushing himself harder as he ran towards the
distant car. The snow felt like he was walking through setting concrete, the
soft substance sucking at every step. He wasn't going to make it.

The sound of the engine starting was like a knife through his heart. But he kept
on running, taking heavy step after heavy step towards them... towards her.

He had a brief moment of hope, when the engine revved loudly without any motion.
Then the driver worked out the gearshift on the automatic vehicle, and the 4WD
began to move.

Uncertainly, as if they had never driven before, the silver vehicle skidded and
spun in the snow as the driver pushed it to its limits. Painful seconds later,
the driver eased off the engine and the wheels regained their grip, sending the
4WD forwards in a tight turning circle.

Trig continued to run, even as they accelerated away and disappeared behind the
trees. He only stopped when he reached the place they had parked, staring
hopelessly at the disturbed ground.

Panting, he slumped down on his knees and leaned forwards, supporting himself on
all fours.

"What the hell happened?" Julie gasped as she caught up a minute later.

"They took the car," Trig said, not looking up.

"Where's Susan?"

Trig looked up, his face twisted with pain.

"She's with them."

--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading.

--




Chapter 14 - Bait



Susan was jolted into wakefulness as the car thundered down the rough track, the
seatbelt digging painfully into her waist with every violent bump.

"Slow down a bit," she complained, keeping her eyes tightly shut and trying to
ignore the plugs shifting uncomfortably within her.

"Hello?" she said when no-one replied, blinking the sleep from her eyes. It took
a moment to register that the cars occupants had changed.

"Hey..." she exclaimed, whirling around to see the two black-cloaked figures
seated either side of her.

"Who are you?" she asked in confusion, the first touch of fear gripping her
heart.

"Hello?" she repeated when they gave no sign of hearing her.

"Where is everyone else? Where's Julie?" Their silence grew more and more
unnerving.

"What did you do to them?" she asked fearfully, her eyes darting between the two
silent figures sitting either side of her.

"Please... let me out," she pleaded, her head filled with images of her friends
face-down in the snow.

"Let me go!" she suddenly screamed at them, but it was like talking to statues.

"Shit," she began muttering, fumbling for her seatbelt. "Shit, shit, shit." The
protective strap came free and she lunged into the front of the 4WD, fingers
grappling for the hand-brake.

She heard the dark figure in the passenger seat turn around a moment before
something hard slammed into her chest, flinging her into the back seat of the
car again.

Gasping and clutching at her chest, Susan sank fearfully back into her seat.

"How... what... who," she managed between rubbing her sore ribs.

Something tight grabbed her around the throat, pushing her against the back of
the seat and cutting off her injured gasping.

"Be quiet," the man whispered to her over his shoulder in a dry, rasping voice.

Susan stared into the shadowy face that hid in the hood, her eyes bulging as she
futilely clawed at her throat. There was a terrible moment when she really
believed he was going to kill her, and then suddenly her neck was released and
she gasped.

He continued watching for a moment as she caught her breath before turning away,
satisfied she wasn't going to cause any more trouble.

Sobbing, Susan tightened the seatbelt around her waist and hugged her knees to
her chest, ignoring the pressure this put on the plugs buried in her loins.

What disturbed her more than anything was that her first thought when she had
believed she was going to die... was of Julie.



Trig trudged through the snow, his heavy boots pushing through the layer of
white, puffy snow to the hard ground underneath. Behind him, Julie followed, her
long black hair protruding messily from the heavy hood surrounding her head.

Simeon had relocated Nyssa to a nearby log where they were both talking quietly,
her leg resting in front of her. He looked up as Trig approached, his eyes tight
above the cloth. His eyes shifted to Julie, taking in her grim expression.

"They took the car..." Trig began, and then trailed off and stared at the
ground.

"They took Susan? Shit, we have to do something!" Samantha stood up decisively.

"Do what?" Julie shouted angrily, turning to Samantha. "We're in the middle of
nowhere, in the snow, with no transport, a totally wrecked space-ship and half a
dozen cloaked men have kidnapped my second friend in three days!"

Her tirade ended, she stared at Samantha silently for a long moment. The older
girl returned the stare for a moment, before lowering her head and turning away.
Silently she wandered off and sat down heavily in the snow, turning her back to
them.

Julie shuddered, and her lower lip began trembling. Simeon stood up slowly and
put an arm around her.

"Why me?" she said to him, her violet eyes full of tears.

Simeon silently reached out and pulled her down on the log and held her close as
she cried.

"I don't know what to do any more," Julie sobbed into his shoulder.

"I don't know who I am... or what I am... or even if... I'm going to survive to
see my friends again."

She wriggled closer to him, content to simply cry. She felt less like the
strong, dominant female she was trying to be, and more like a lonely, hopeless
eighteen-year-old girl.

Simeon turned to Nyssa and gave her a tired, pleading look. She smiled grimly
and nodded her head slightly.

At Simeon's gentle urging, Julie slid her way to the end of the log to sit with
Nyssa.

"Hey," she said gently, holding Julie to her breast. "It's okay, we'll work
something out."

"How can you say that?" Julie asked quietly.

"Trust me," she replied gently, trying to put every shred of confidence she had
into her words.

"Now... I want you to go and find me some warmer clothes; I'm freezing here. Do
you think you can do that?"

Julie raised her head and nodded, wiping the tears from her eyes with one hand.

Nyssa pointed out the relatively intact cargo area at the rear of the ship to
Julie and Trig. Once they were out of earshot, she turned to Simeon.

"You've told her absolutely nothing, haven't you?" she accused angrily.

"It's dangerous for her to know anything else," he replied flatly, staring
blankly forwards.

"Like hell it is. She's confused and lost, and she doesn't have any friends
here."

Simeon was silent.

"If you don't tell her anything," Nyssa said after a moment. "Then I'll do it
for you."

"The rest of the Council won't approve," Simeon said quietly.

"The rest of the Council can go screw themselves," Nyssa said firmly. "She needs
to know."

Simeon sighed and shook his head.

"Whatever," he said tiredly.

"Are you okay?" Nyssa frowned at him.

"Medication," he said shortly.

"You're worried she'll turn out like you," Nyssa said quietly, glancing at the
crashed ship.

Simeon sat silently for a moment, before faintly nodding his head.

"I think her father did something," she said to him. "He was a genius at
biomedicine, hence his involvement in the project..." Nyssa trailed off,
realising she had said too much.

"What project?" Simeon said suspiciously, turning to face her.

Nyssa looked away, her jaw tight. After a moment, she glanced at Samantha to
ensure she wasn't listening.

"It was long before you were around," she began slowly. "Genetically we're both
human, but with the slight differences that make us Dominant. They tried to
engineer out some of the... safeguards on our abilities. The effects were
similar to a Hybrid, such as your own... talents. They screwed up badly; the
experiment was terminated, and research was made illegal."

She took a deep breath, and let it out slowly.

"Then research began into a mechanical method for releasing those abilities.
Turned out that it was impossible for a Dominant to use; the abilities come from
the "plain" side of the line, and no amount of effort could unlock them, barring
illegal genetic engineering. Maybe if they had kept working..."

"But...?" Simeon prompted, already guessing the reason why he hadn't heard any
of this.

"But... someone stole the prototype and slaughtered the research team with it."

"And no-one told me any of this because Hybrids can use it. You thought I could
be dangerous."

"It was decided that you shouldn't know until we thought you could be trusted,"
Nyssa said apologetically.

"So what project were you talking about then?" Simeon said, gritting his teeth.
He could see their logic, even if he didn't like it.

"There was a second attempt about 20 years ago. They were attacked again,
presumably by the same person. Julies' father was on the team."

"So... that necklace that she has..." Simeon trailed off, his eyes widening in
shock. "Is the effect cumulative?"

"If she has any natural skill, then the necklace will increase it immensely,"
Nyssa told him tensely.

"Should we take it from her?" Simeon frowned in concern, but Nyssa shook her
head.

"As long as she doesn't know what the necklace does," Nyssa said quietly as
Julie and Trig emerged from the ship. "...there will be no problem."

Simeon nodded, but he was still worried. It was so easy to abuse his abilities.



Kate fidgeted nervously as Moira smoothed the deep blue latex covering
everything from the bottom of her nose down. She was breathing shallowly from
the corset gripping her from ribs to hips, turning her waist into a smooth
hourglass.

Her eyes followed the way Moira's breasts shifted as she moved, hungering for
the soft nipple that hid just beneath the trademark black outfit. Absently she
drew on the dildo gag filling her mouth, disappointed that it didn't produce
anything for her.

"You look so pretty," Moira said in a motherly tone, standing back to inspect
the two girls standing in a line, identical in their latex outfits.

Kate wanted so much to scratch at her belly button; the mark had been growing
steadily more irritating today. She tugged at the short chains holding her hands
against her hips, her fingers wriggling inside the tight mittens holding them
together.

"I don't see how you..." Cassandra cut off with a painful gurgle as Moira pulled
hard on her leash.

"Shut up," Moira snapped angrily, bending down to shove the ball-gag hanging
around Cassandras throat into her mouth.

Cassandra growled unhappily, biting hard on the gag to vent her anger the only
way she could.

"The house is empty," Evan announced, entering the dining hall. "No sign of
Simeon or where they've gone."

"No matter," Moira said carelessly, tugging on Cassandras' leash.

Slowly she walked down the length of the hall, inspecting the line of orphans
that were standing at attention against the far wall. Each one of them was
collared to the wall, held in position by the chains Moira had hung from the
curtain rails above.

She paused to tighten one girls' ball-gag, the young blonde whimpering as the
rubber was pulled deeper into her mouth. She tugged at the cuffs holding her
arms behind her back, shaking her chin in an effort to dislodge some of the
drool that was slowly dripping from her mouth.

 Moira smiled at this, and obligingly used one gloved hand to wipe the girls'
mouth of excess saliva. Using the same hand, she reached down to fondle the
girls' soft labia, her thumb gently circling her clit. The girl whimpered in
humiliation, her legs straining against the bar that held her knees apart.

"It's not that bad is it?" Moira asked softly. The girl nodded vigorously,
mewling around the gag.

Moira gave her a soft pat on the cheek, and then dropped the leash and hurried
off.

She returned a minute later with a long, fat vibrator attached to a leather
harness. Wetting her lips, Moira began licking and sucking on the silvery
phallus like she was giving it a blowjob, coating it with saliva. The girl
stared anxiously, her thigh muscles clenching in a futile attempt to protect her
sex.

Satisfied, Moira crouched down and began working the silent vibrator into the
girls' tight snatch, her pitiful whimpering as it slid deeper making Moira
quiver with delight.

Evan watched blankly from between the two latex-covered girls, one hand gently
rubbing Kates' tight buttocks. Kate wriggled happily, pushing her breasts out
slightly in the hopes of gaining more of his attention.

The vibrator finally all the way in, Moira tugged the strap up between the
girls' buttocks and fastened the harness around her waist, pulling it tight. The
girl began sobbing as Moira turned the device on its lowest setting, letting it
slowly buzz away.

Moira gave the girl a pat on the belly, and then caught Cassandras' leash and
continued on her inspection.

Cassandra shuddered sadly as she crawled after Moira, remembering the times she
had seen that very same blonde girl talking happily with her friends. She
glanced over her shoulder, watching the girl squirming and tugging against the
collar around her throat.

"I did find something interesting, however," Evan called out.

"What?" Moira asked tersely, not pausing in her walk.

"The girl we're looking for... she's dead."

"She's dead? When did this happen?" Moira halted and turned to face Evan.

"Apparently it was a long time ago," Evan told her, "Seventeen... maybe Eighteen
years ago."

"Shit! Well, it can't have gone far."

"She had a kid though," Evan said carefully.

"Well, that would fit with our orders to search here, but..." Moira trailed off,
her eyes narrowing in anger.

"The kid was named Julie," he said.

Moira was silent for a long moment, the only sound the faint whimpering of the
tormented blonde.

"FUCK!" Moira screamed, slamming her palm against one of the wooden tables with
enough force to crack the surface. "We had her! She was right here!" She rounded
on Evan, her face twisted with anger.

"And then you came along, with your daring rescue, and now she's with Simeon!"
Moira was quivering with rage.

"There was no way I could have known she was the one," Evan replied hotly. "And
I did what I thought was right; I still don't approve of what you're doing to
these orphans!" He gestured broadly at the teenagers lined up against the wall.

"This is my operation," Moira snapped. "You're here because Shadow thinks your
expertise is useful, not because of your morals, so shut the fuck up!"

Evan stared at her coldly, painfully aware of the shotgun strapped loosely to
his back. He knew he could get her, but his current position would put the
orphans in danger.

"Very well, Mistress." He put every bit of scorn he had into the word. He turned
away shortly and walked out of the room.

There would be other times.



Nyssa sighed as she pulled on her stolen pair of pants, cutting off the cold air
from her naked skin. They were slightly loose around her waist, but she could
live with it for now.

Dressed in the warm clothing, she felt lost for a moment. Her thoughts drifted
to Becky, bringing memories of her soft skin, the warm scent of her sweat...

Nyssa shook her head violently, fighting back the emotions she felt at loosing
Becky. To distract herself, she looked up at where Julie and Samantha were
sitting in the snow. The two girls were leaning against each other, Samantha's
arm around Julies' waist.

"Are we just going to sit here all night?" Nyssa asked suddenly, straightening
up. "I don't particularly want to spend the night outside and freeze to death."

When neither Simeon nor Trig responded, she stood and glanced around to get her
bearings, before striding towards the road.

"Where are you going?" Simeon asked, frowning.

"I'm going to walk out of this forest and flag down the first car I see," she
said decisively. "Are you coming?"

"Sounds better than sitting here," he said, climbing to his feet.

"Julie, Sam," Nyssa called to the girls. "We're going."

"Going where?" Julie called back, helping Samantha to her feet.

"Out of here..." Nyssa trailed off, cocking her head and listening to the fast
approaching night.

"Is that a car?" she asked, frowning in confusion.

"I don't hear anything," Julie remarked dully, stepping up beside her.

"I'm sure... there it is again!" Nyssa made her way out to stand on the road,
ignoring the slight ache the rapid movement caused in her leg.

The sound of an engine straining reached her ears, its volume varying as the
sound was distorted by the trees.

"Isn't someone seeing... this, a bad thing?" Samantha muttered to Julie,
gesturing behind her at the crash site.

"I don't know... maybe he can tell people to forget?" Julie replied, making her
slow way through the snow to the road.

Sam nodded thoughtfully, recalling Simeon's words at the police station.

"That's possible." That he could make someone forget things was something Sam
found a little scary.

A flash of headlights signalled that the car was drawing closer. In the failing
light it was hard to make out, but as it drew closer the markings on the side of
the white 4WD became clearer.

"Err... that's the police," Julie said nervously, glancing at her companions.

"I know," Simeon replied calmly, arms crossed over his chest.

The patrol car pulled up in front of them, and the passenger door immediately
opened. A blue-uniformed figure climbed out hastily.

"Are you alright?" she asked, slogging her way through the snow. "There was a
report of a plane... YOU!" she shouted, pointing directly at Simeon.

Quick as a flash she had her handgun pointed directly at his head, her feet
shifting to get a good balance.

"Put your hands on your head, now!" She waved the gun slightly at him
encouragingly.

"Kathryn!" called a male voice from the car. Simeon watched, smiling underneath
the cloth as the older officer climbed out of the car and approached her.

"Who is this guy, Kathryn?" His tone was cautious, uncertain whether his partner
was overreacting or the man was an actual criminal.

"He..." she faltered, not knowing how to explain what had happened. No-one had
remembered his arrival or departure with the girl, who was standing beside him
with a surprised expression; no-one but her even recalled the girls' existence!
And of course, she had gotten in trouble for the unexplainable loss of the
clothing.

"We're old friends, aren't we?" Simeon said in a casual tone, as if she didn't
have a gun trained on his forehead.

"I..." Kathryn stammered, at a loss for words.

Her shoulders slumped in defeat and she lowered the gun.

"Some friendship," the man said warily, his gaze shifting between them.

"What the hell are you doing here?" Kathryn demanded coldly, holstering the
weapon.

"Can't that wait for later," the male officer said to her in a commanding tone.
"You need to radio back and call for the fire-brigade." He glanced over their
group.

"Are there any others?" he asked, stopping at Simeon.

"We're it," Simeon said grimly, shaking his head.

The police officer frowned, glancing over the crash site.

"That's one weird plane," he remarked to himself, narrowing his eyes.

"Simeon," Nyssa muttered quietly. "We need to follow the Sons, before they get
too much of a lead on us."

"I'll bet they go straight to Moira," he replied in an equally low tone.

"All the more reason to hurry..." Nyssa told him. "...For Susan's sake."

"I agree." Simeon straightened, and looked directly at Kathryn, who was in the
process of climbing into the 4WD for the radio.

"We need your car."

"You need what?!" she exclaimed. "Why? What for?" she demanded.

"We don't have time to argue," he interjected firmly. "We're taking it, whether
you like it or not."

"Hey, wait a second..." the older officer said in confusion. "What on earth is
going on? We need to search for survivors, not leave!"

"There are no survivors," Nyssa said, her voice tight with pain.

"That's not for you to decide," he said bluntly. "Kathryn, get on the radio
now!"

"We don't have time for this," Nyssa muttered through gritted teeth.

"Kathryn," she called loudly. "Step away from the car."

Kathryn's eyes widened as she obediently backed away from the car, her movements
sluggish as she fought Nyssa's command.

Casually Nyssa walked over and opened the back door of the 4WD.

"Kathryn, get in." The poor woman had no choice but to obediently climb into the
rear of the vehicle.

"Come on," she called impatiently, frowning at everyone else.

The 4WD was uncomfortably full with all seven people in it. Simeon and Samantha
found themselves sharing the front passenger seat, with Julie, Nyssa, and the
two confused police officers squeezing into the back.

"Are you some sort of hypnotist?" Kathryn asked resentfully once they were on
the highway.

"No," Simeon said shortly.

"Then what the hell are you?"

"Yes, what are you?" Julie asked meaningfully.

Simeon sighed. Now is as good a time as any, he thought to him self.



Susan struggled against the hands propelling her towards the familiar front of
the orphanage. She knew something was wrong when she saw the pristine snow
covering the front of the old building, missing the usual footprints and
remnants of snow fights that always followed a good snowfall.

"Behave," one of them said roughly, giving her a hard shove in the back that
sent her sprawling forwards into the soft snow.

Susan sat up quickly, coughing and shaking the snow from her face. Before she
could recover she was hauled to her feet and dragged down the front path.

"I can walk!" she protested angrily, fighting the strong hands that gripped her
jacket. She contemplated sliding out of the warm garment and trying to escape,
but before she could attempt it the heavy front door swung and she froze in
horror.

"Well, well," Moira said, a grin spreading across her face. "I wondered when I'd
see you again."

"Fuck you," Susan screamed, surprising herself slightly.

"Nice to see you, too," Moira replied conversationally.

"Cut the crap Moira," the strange man rasped.

"Yes sir," she said seriously. "Come this way." She stepped back from the
doorway, allowing them access.

Susan gave up fighting as they dragged her after Moira. Her heart pounded in her
chest as she watched the black-clad woman glide through the dimly lit corridors
that had once seemed so friendly to her.

"I was under the impression you were going to steal a ship, not a car and a
girl" Moira called over her shoulder.

"There were... difficulties," he said slowly.

"What did you do to Julie?!" Susan yelled at him, still having no idea where her
companions had gone.

"Quiet," one of her captors growled, giving her a violent shake.

She fell silent, gently sobbing.

"Have you found it yet?" the man asked Moira.

"Not yet... but I know who has it."

Moira stopped and crouched down in front of Susan, who looked back at her
through tear-filled eyes.

"And you, my dear," Moira cooed, "will bring her right to me."

--

Thanks to Red Eva for proof-reading.

--




Chapter 15 - Assault



The car was quiet for a long moment, Julies' question hanging in the air. Simeon
took a deep breath, breaking the silence

"You've all seen the ship," he began, "so you won't be too surprised to know
that there is another world populated by humans. I don't pretend to know how we
arrived there, so don't ask because I can't tell you."

Simeon paused for a moment as Samantha tried to find a more comfortable position
in their shared seat. He gave her a reproachful stare before resuming.

"When we came here," he continued, "we assumed we would find a world similar to
our own, with us as the ruling class." He paused and sighed.

"Instead, we found that no-one has heard of us. There was not a single Dominant
to be found, anywhere."

"Then you're not human," Samantha said, her tone revealing her true thoughts.

 "We're not aliens," Simeon reassured her with a slight smile. "We're from
Earth; genetically as human as you are."

"If you're not different from us," Samantha began doubtfully, "where do your
abilities come from?"

"Everyone has our abilities, but they're essentially unusable. Being owned can
partially unlock them, but it's neither permanent nor complete."

Samantha gripped her arm absently, skin tingling with remembered pain.

"A Dominant will usually begin to gain their abilities around age 18. They can
become active through stress, but unless they're about to emerge naturally, it's
only temporary."

"So... why have none of us heard of these "Dominants", then?" Kathryn asked from
the rear.

"Because it's impossible to have a Dominant child from normal parents," Simeon
informed her over his shoulder. "You need at least one Dominant parent, and even
two only have a fifty/fifty chance."

"Okay, then which came first; the Dominant or the Human?"

"I don't know," Simeon replied, shaking his head. "There are a million different
theories that ask that question."

No-one spoke for a moment, the only sound the humming of the engine as it
carried them down the icy road.

"But I'm not a Dominant, am I?" Julie said quietly, her voice clear in the
silence.

"No," Simeon replied, staring out the windscreen. "There's a tiny chance that a
mixed couple will have a hybrid child." He continued in a low voice.

"Usually they die soon after birth; their human immune system fighting against
the Dominant."

"But not always," Julie said, her eyes settling on the cloth covering his face.

"No, not always," Simeon said, his voice tight. He fell silent.

Julie opened her mouth to ask another question, but was interrupted as the older
officer snorted in disbelief.

"Other worlds... Dominants... and I suppose we're going to ascend into the sky
in a flying saucer and live in paradise." He sniffed again. "You expect us to
believe anything you said?"

"Why don't you shut up?" Julie said in a low voice, her violet eyes fixing him
with a chilling stare. How dare he ridicule her history!

"What's your problem?" he asked, unfazed by her anger.

Nyssa placed one hand warningly on Julies' thigh. The young dominant shut her
mouth after a long moment, swallowing her retort. It's not important, Nyssa
seemed to say silently.

Forcing down her anger, Julie crossed her arms and shut her eyes, blocking out
the world around her.

If she was a hybrid, if there was only a millionth of a chance of her existence,
and she should be dead... why was she still living?

She thought back to Simeon's face, and the mottled look of his skin. Was that
her fate? To slowly die as her body tore itself apart? Julie shuddered, her skin
crawling. She fought the urge to scratch at her face, just to verify that her
skin wasn't peeling.

"Don't worry about it," Nyssa whispered, squeezing Julies' thigh comfortingly.

Julie smiled weakly, keeping her eyes tightly shut and watching the faint
colours that shifted across the backs of her eyelids.

As the minutes dragged on, her thoughts drifted towards Susan. She thought back
over the last few days, and the time they had spent together. She physically
stiffened in her seat as she thought of their meeting in the dining hall, where
Susan had related her experiences with Moira.

"She's at the orphanage," Julie suddenly whispered, her eyes locking onto the
spots of lights on the horizon.

"That's their likely destination," Simeon said grimly.

"It'll be tough getting in," Trig added from the drivers' seat. "Moira, plus
those guys..." He sounded determined, like he wouldn't back down if there was an
army waiting for them.

"What are you talking about?" Kathryn demanded, staring at them in confusion.

Julie didn't listen as Simeon tried to explain the situation to them. Her jaw
was rigid with apprehension, her eyes shut tight.

Moira now had Kate, and possibly Susan as well, along with the entire orphanage.

She was the only orphan left!



Susan shifted uncomfortably, the wall cold against her naked back and buttocks.
A gust of air blew underneath the slightly open window beside her, its icy
fingers sending shivers up her spine. Her mouth filled with a ball-gag, she
could only moan and pull against the cuffs holding her arms above her head,
wishing for her clothes to be returned. Even the invasive safety of the chastity
belt would have been welcome around her hips, but Moira had taken that as well.

 The head-mistresses office had changed from when she had last been there, the
old desk being replaced by a new table where the cloaked man was now sitting,
staring at the opposite wall.

The barest tips of his spindly fingers peeked out of the arms of his cloak,
sending shivers down Susan's spine whenever they moved.

The door opened and Moira strode in, heading directly for Susan.

"Are you having fun, my pretty?" she asked jovially, pausing to run the tip of
one finger down Susan's defenceless outer labia. Susan shuddered, having no
choice but to endure it.

"What do you want?" the cloaked man rasped in annoyance, his fingers now
constantly tapping against the tabletop.

"Simeon is already on his way," she announced happily, withdrawing her hand. "He
seems to have enlisted the help of the police!" Moira smiled with amusement.

"And the girl is with him?"

"He'll bring her to us, or she'll come herself." Moira glanced at Susan with a
triumphant smile. "Either way, she'll be here."

"He might drop the device somewhere safe, though. The girl is useless to us
without it."

"He won't take it from her, and she has no idea of how to use it," Moira said
unconcernedly. "If the girl dies before passing it on, the device will
deactivate and we can find it easily."

"Then we simply kill the girl?"

Susan whimpered around the gag, her throat clenching in fear at the pleasure she
heard in his voice.

"No, no," Moira said soothingly. "She's more valuable alive."

Moira ran a finger up Susan's bare chest, ending between the small mounds of her
breasts.

"We simply trade you for the necklace."

Susan blinked in recognition. They were going through all this for Julies'
necklace? It was that important to them?

"You've seen it, haven't you?" Moira said gleefully, her hand cupping one
breast.

Susan shook her head unconvincingly, making Moira laugh.

"Adorable," she said, brushing Susan's long red hair back with the opposite
hand.

"Are you finished?" the man hissed impatiently at Moira.

Her face briefly darkened before she turned to face him.

"I am," she replied, smiling once again. "Do you need the girl?"

"Take her," he hissed, waving one hand dismissively. "Her whimpering is
distracting me."

Susan felt happy she had irritated him. Then Moira's hands were releasing her
cuffs, and she realised that here was much safer than being with Moira.

She meekly allowed Moira to lead her out of the room, hoping that compliance
would improve her fate. Her bare feet slapped against the smooth wooden floor of
the hallway, overshadowed by the click of Moira's heels.

Susan's heart sank as she was led into the dining hall, the row of orphans
chained along the wall bringing home the full extent of Moira's power over her.
She saw that about half of them were hanging heavily from the cuffs holding them
upright, their lidded eyes bearing witness to the drugs coursing through their
bodies.

"Here we go," Moira announced, giving Susan a push towards a rubber cot sitting
beside the kitchen window.

Susan caught herself on the edge of the cot, her hands knocking a steel collar
sitting open on the side. She barely noticed it, her focus entirely on the naked
girls coiled up in the far end. Smiling, Moira gave her a hard shove in the back
that sent her tumbling over the edge.

"Mm-ph!" she cried out around the gag as she landed.

Before she had a chance to collect herself, Moira's fingers were sliding through
her hair and lifting her head up. Susan squealed in pain, scrabbling with her
cuffed hands for something to relieve the pain in her scalp. She saw the glint
of steel a moment too late as Moira closed the steel collar tight around her
neck, an audible click as it locked.

Susan got a tenuous grip on the edge of the cot as Moira released her, allowing
her to stay upright. She raised herself up to follow Moira, and was cut short at
the rim by the chain attached to her new collar.  .

"Wait there," Moira commanded from out of sight, as if she had a choice.

Susan gave up pulling on the chain and slumped down in the corner, making her
self as small as possible. She raised her cuffed hands and tried to remove her
gag; it only took a moment to locate the tiny pad-lock that was preventing her
from undoing the strap.

Defeated, she explored the collar. It was uncomfortably tight around her throat,
with the inside covered in a soft, rubbery padding that felt cool against her
skin. She found there were holes spaced evenly around the outside of the collar,
two on each side of her neck.

 She probed at them with her fingers, finding them to be as large as the tip of
her little finger. The holes went right through the collar, and she could feel
her pulse hard against the little rings of steel inside the slowly warming
padding. She shivered apprehensively, completely at a loss for their use.

"Mm-mph, mm-mm"

One of the girls disentangled herself from the group in the corner and began
crawling towards her, Susan's eyes widening in recognition.

With a quick glance to ensure Moira wasn't looking, she shuffled over and
unlocked the girls' ball-gag.

"Thank god," Cassandra whispered, unashamedly spitting out her excess saliva.
"Susan...?"

Susan nodded dumbly, unable to take her eyes off the woman who had once struck
fear into her heart reduced to a puppy-girl.

"Do you think you can get this off?" Cassandra waved a gloved elbow in the air.

Susan slid forwards and began working her fingers into the skin-coloured glove,
slowly pulling it down. It came free eventually, and Cassandra sighed with
relief as she stretched her arm out.

"And the mitten?" she asked excitedly, presenting the ball that her hand had
been turned into.

Susan worked the mitten free, and Cassandra began taking the rest of her
"outfit" off herself.

"Thank you so much," she whispered sincerely once both arms were free. She slid
the discarded garments underneath the other girl who was sleeping soundly in the
corner. Susan guessed she was drugged.

"You both went with... that man..." Cassandra winced at the memory of her
humiliation. "Did that bitch capture Julie as well?"

Susan shook her head.

"Does she know you're here?"

Susan nodded uncertainly, thinking back to Moira's words.

"But she knows you're missing?"

Susan nodded, and then stiffened as she heard the click of heels against the
wooden floor.

"Then she can get help," Cassandra whispered excitedly, crawling over to lie
with the still sleeping girl. Carefully she positioned herself so as to hide the
fact that her arms were now free, grudgingly placing the ball-gag in her mouth
and buckling it tight again.

"Having fun?" Moira asked, setting a silver case on the edge of the cot. Without
waiting for a response, she opened the cases' transparent top and began studying
the contents, frowning with indecision.

Susan swallowed hard as she stared intently at the underside of the box, anxious
to know what was in it.

She didn't need to wait long, as Moira finally decided. When she produced a fat
syringe filled with a bright red liquid, Susan began squealing in horror.

"Calm down," Moira said somewhat pointlessly, patiently tapping the air from the
syringe.

She closed the silver case and placed it on the floor, and then leant over the
cot and caught the chain attached to Susan's collar. With one hand she pulled
Susan up, tilting her head to expose the silver encircling her throat.

Susan tried to raise her hands to defend herself, but Moira moved quickly,
stabbing the needle into the nearest hole in the collar.

Susan froze in her struggles as the needle lanced into her throat, the base of
the syringe sitting neatly against the collar. She was too terrified to breathe,
her mouth opening and closing like a fish as she tried to scream in pain. It
seemed like an eternity before Moira depressed the plunger all the way, its
contents emptied into her neck.

With a tug Moira pulled the needle free and released her. Susan collapsed to the
ground with a gasp, her cuffed hands protectively clasped around her throat.

"I much prefer this method of training," Moira related conversationally as she
replaced the empty syringe in the case for later disposal. "I'll come back in a
few minutes for the next one, okay?"

Susan curled into a foetal ball, sobbing incoherently at her violation. She
didn't actually hear Moira's last comment, which would have sent her into
hysterics.

"Hey, you'll be fine," Cassandra whispered comfortingly, the ball-gag hanging
loosely around her neck.

Susan didn't hear her over the sound of her sobbing.

"Don't worry," Cassandra whispered, bringing the gag up to her mouth. "Help will
come eventually."

Opening her jaw wide, she slid the gag back in and buckled it behind her head.

Please, she thought desperately, let help come.



From the outside, the orphanage looked deserted, its plain white exterior dark
in the twilight. All the windows were shut, curtains drawn across those that had
them, and no light could be seen anywhere. Sitting in the parked car, Julie
peered out across the street and located her room, remembering when she had
jumped out the window only two nights ago.

"How do you even know this is where your friend is?" Kathryn asked.

"She's here," Julie said in a low voice, her eyes focusing on the inside of the
building.

Simeon climbed out of the car, followed by Samantha who began stretching her
legs.

"About time,' Kathryn sighed in relief as she followed suit, preferring the cold
of the outside to the cramped interior of the car.

Julie stayed inside the car, her face and mood bleak as she stared at the
building. She didn't want to face Moira again, but desperately wanted Susan
back. Memories of their last meeting flashed through her head, reminding her of
how close they had come to being Moira's pets.

I can't help though, she thought sadly. Last time I just made things worse.

Trig climbed out of the car, his eyes on the slowly opening front door of the
orphanage.

"Sir..." he called, watching warily as a blue-clad figure stepped out
uncertainly onto the steps.

She swayed for a moment on her heels, and then began to slowly make her shaky
way down the path and across the road. Julie scrabbled for the door handle and
sprung from the car, staring in shock.

"Alexis?" she called in horror, recognising the girl despite her radical change
in appearance.

Alexis ignored Julie, kneeling down in front of Simeon in the snow. Craning her
neck, she looked up at Simeon expectantly, working her jaw around the gag.

Gritting his teeth in anger, he crouched down and unbuckled the strap from
behind her head. She tilted her head back as he drew the long, slender dildo
from her throat.

She coughed once before speaking.

"My mistress has a message for you," she said in a clear voice.

"She says, 'Give me the girl and the device, and I'll let the rest of these
lovely orphans go'."

Alexis stopped for a moment, and then tilted her head back and opened her mouth,
her eyes staring up at him patiently. The streetlight above shone off the latex
covering her body, making her look wet

 "Trig, put her in the car," he commanded, his voice brimming with anger. Alexis
began whining plaintively, craning her neck and making sucking motions with her
mouth.

Simeon looked at her with a vague expression of disgust, and slid the dildo gag
back into her head. She purred in happiness, her eyes closing as she sucked hard
on the rubber intruder. She stood up then, and turned back towards the
orphanage.

Hastily Trig caught her arm and began pulling her towards the car. She tried to
twist away, forcing him to grab her with both arms and man-handle her into the
car. She whined and fought against him until she was securely buckled into one
of the seats.

"I'm calling for backup," Kathryn said after a long silence, staring at the girl
now seated in the car.

"No police," Simeon said firmly.

"Simeon, the entire orphanage already knows," Nyssa said sadly. "It's a little
late to keep things quiet."

It took a few seconds for Simeon to give a barely perceptible nod. Kathryn
climbed into the car and began speaking rapidly into the radio.

"They'll be here in five minutes," she announced, stepping out of the car with a
portable radio in one hand. "This is crazy, but after seeing that girl..."

She glanced across the group, sliding the radio into her belt as she pulled
herself together.

"You people will have to stay here though. This is now police business, and we
can't have civilians running around."

Simeon shook his head.

"Then we go in now, and you can't stop us."

"But..." Kathryn began.

"You girls stay here," Simeon instructed firmly, pointing to Julie and Samantha.
"Don't let Alexis get away."

"You can't go in there!" Kathryn protested, debating whether she should try and
stop him.

Simeon ignored her, turning and striding across the road. A moment later, Trig
and Nyssa hurried after him.

"Damn it!" Kathryn cursed, running after them. "Stay here," she instructed the
older officer, ignoring the fact that he was her superior.

Julie quivered with indecision as she watched them go, thinking of Susan. She
wanted to help so badly, but Samantha's hand on her shoulder stopped her from
following.

"They know what they're doing," Samantha told her quietly. "I like Susan too,
but there's nothing we can do."

Julie sighed helplessly and turned away to lean against the side of the car.

"I know," she said gloomily. "I just hate feeling useless. I want to do
something, anything to help! She's my..." Julie trailed off, staring down at the
crushed snow on the road.

"It's up to them, now," Samantha said, sitting down in the car. "Plus, Trig
seems to like her a lot, I'm sure he'll do his best to help."

Julie leant silently on the car, one gloved hand pressing the necklace
underneath her clothes against her chest. It was her only real possession, but
she would trade it in a second for Susan.



"Are you completely insane?" Kathryn hissed angrily, jumping past them and
blocking the doorway.

Wordlessly Trig reached around her and pushed the door open.

"Hey!" she cried out as he grabbed her top with the other hand and pushed her
into the building.

The sound of the safety clicking on a gun made him pause for a split second. He
glanced around the brightly lit hall, taking in the grey uniformed guards with
their weapons trained on him.

"I have the girl," he announced suddenly, grabbing Kathryn by the collar and
holding her in front of him. With the other hand he deftly collected her handgun
and hid it between them.

"What...Ah!" she cried, before he silenced her with a jab in the back.

The guards studied Kathryn for a moment, looking at her black hair. They gave no
sign of recognising her uniform, or that she wasn't Julie.

"This way," one of them said, and began walking down the hall that ran out from
the doorway.

Trig started forwards, pushing an angry Kathryn ahead of him. The guards fell in
behind them, their weapons never faltering.

"Give me the gun back," she hissed over her shoulder at Trig.

"I'm not going to shoot you," he whispered reassuringly.

Kathryn grunted unhappily. She wanted the gun because she felt safer with it,
not because she thought he would use it against her.

"When we see Moira," Trig whispered as they walked, "she's going to know right
away she's been duped..."

He glanced over his shoulder, seeing Simeon and Nyssa sneaking through the now
unguarded doorway.

"...so be ready."

"Ready for what?" she asked uncertainly.

"Anything," Trig whispered as they entered the dining hall.

Kathryn gasped in horror as she looked across the orphans lining the far wall;
the ones that weren't drugged into somnolence were squirming in various
torments. There were gaps in the line where Moira had relocated someone for
their "training".

"You bitch," she whispered as she spotted a woman dressed entirely in black,
working between the legs of a squirming girl tied to a table.

"Mistress," called the front guard.

"Yes..." Moira looked up from the girl. She trailed off as she saw Kathryn, a
frown briefly crossing her face.

Slowly her blood red lips widened into a smile, and she began laughing.

"How very clever," she chuckled, making her way across the room. "Substitute
someone else for the girl. Let me guess, you come in un-armed whilst Simeon
sneaks around the back?"

She halted in front of Kathryn, their eyes level. With one finger, she lifted
Kathryn's head up and studied her face.

"Not completely un-armed," Trig said nonchalantly, pushing Kathryn aside and
jabbing the tip of the handgun into Moira's ribs.



Julie straightened from leaning on the car and began pacing nervously.

"Sit down and try to relax," Samantha said after a minute of watching her feet
shuffle through the snow.

"I can't, not until my friends are safe," Julie replied tensely.

Samantha opened her mouth to reassure Julie, but at that moment a loud burst of
static issued from inside the car.

"Very cute," said a female voice once the static had cleared. She didn't sound
in the least bit impressed.

Julie spun around and ran to the car.

"Is that supposed to scare me?" Moira asked.

"I'm sure you won't enjoy having to regrow a spinal column," said Trig in a
deadly serious voice. "That could take a few hours out of your day, and don't
think I can't hit it from this angle."

Moira growled angrily.

"What do you hope to gain? One gun-shot and everyone is going to come running. I
can survive one shot, can you survive a dozen?"

There was the sound of a scuffle, and then a loud bang. Julie heard someone yell
out, and then with a burst of static the radio went dead.

"Oh shit," Julie cursed. She turned and broke into a run towards the orphanage.

"Julie!" Samantha yelled after her, but she didn't look back.

--

Thanks to redEva and slavelucy for proof-reading.

--




Chapter 16 - Friendship



Susan was beginning to feel strange after her injection. Instead of bringing a
surge of relief, the sound of Trigs' deep voice nearby merely made her feel
pleasantly happy. Her head felt like it was full of cotton, taking the edge off
her surrounds and making them seem soft and comfortable.

She moaned, shaking her head in an attempt to clear her thoughts. It would be so
easy just to lie down and sleep...

"Susan," Cassandra hissed nervously, jabbing her in the thigh. "Wake up, help is
here!"

Cassandra's voice helped clear some of the feathers in her head, bringing the
world into clarity once again.

Quivering with nervous excitement, Susan shuffled forwards trying to see over
the edge.

"...can you survive a dozen?" Moira finished saying.

Susan got a glimpse of Trigs' head a second before the sound of a gunshot echoed
across the room, clearing her head even more. Her chest clenched with fear as a
female voice shouted in pain, followed by two dull thuds.

A moment later she heard something shuffling along the floor, moving up between
the back of the cot and the kitchen wall.

"Shit," muttered someone in a low voice. "Couldn't wait... you had to go in
now!"

"Is someone there?" Cassandra whispered hopefully.

"Yes," Kathryn replied from her hiding place.

"Damn it," Moira yelled angrily, her voice filling the room. "Don't just stand
there, find him!"

Susan moaned in relief; Trig had gotten away. She heard the guards' footsteps as
they hurried to obey.

Moira groaned, climbing weakly to her feet.

Hastily Cassandra replaced her ball-gag, seconds before Moira's head appeared
over the edge of the cot.

"Your friends... are stupid," she panted, her teeth gritted with concentration.
Her eyes settled on Susan, glinting dangerously.

"Moira," Simeon's voice echoed across the room. Her eyes narrowed in anger as
she turned to face him, leaning heavily on the cot.

"You really are one twisted bitch," he spat, taking in her handiwork.

Nyssa was behind him, freeing the girl who Moira had been playing with earlier.
The girl strained against her bonds, anxious to remove the steel probe lodged in
her pussy. The only external evidence of its torment was the black wire snaking
from between her hairless legs.

Moira smiled, stepping forward as her strength returned. Her side still felt
strange from where Trig had hit her, but she could live with it for now.

"It's been a while, Simeon," she replied casually.

Simeon glanced across at the line of orphans. He tilted his head in
concentration, and one of the girls' cuffs sprung loose.

"You like to show off, don't you?" Moira taunted. "The great freak Simeon,
showing off his powers."

The girl recovered quickly from her sudden freedom and began working on
liberating her companions, who were squealing and grunting to attract her
attention.

"Guess what?" Moira called across the room. "You're not the only freak in the
world."

Simeon halted, narrowing his eyes at her.

"What do you mean?" he said warily.

Moira merely smiled sweetly at him.

"Where's the girl?" Simeon demanded, trying to suppress the sinking feeling in
his chest. Susan squealed loudly to get his attention, slapping her hands
against the rubber wall confining her.

"I'm going to beat you for that," Moira said calmly over her shoulder.

Nyssa finally freed the girl bound to the tabletop. She promptly sat up and
tugged the probe from within her, hurling its glistening silvery length off the
table. Crying softly, she climbed off the table and ran naked from the room,
ignoring everyone else.

Nyssa sighed and turned her attention to the other end of the room, searching
for Simeon. She paused in confusion; he was simply standing there, dead still.

"Nyssa," he hissed through clenched teeth, eyes staring straight ahead. "Get the
hell out of here."

Then Nyssa saw the black-clad figure in the doorway behind Moira.

"Where is the girl?" he rasped, slowly walking forwards.

"Nyssa, I can't stop him. Get out of here!" Simeon's voice was tense with
exertion, and Nyssa could see the sweat forming on his head.

Nyssa gave him a pained look that he couldn't see, and began backing away
hurriedly. She knew what he meant, even if it was impossible.

"Where is she?" the cloaked man demanded. Simeon grunted as if hit.

"Safe from you," Simeon panted.



Evan walked slowly around the bathroom, the clean, white tiles shining in the
fluorescent light.

He ran one hand along the taut belly of the nearest girl, carefully avoiding her
loosely hanging breasts. She squirmed weakly at his touch and began sobbing
through the hood blinding her.

Tight straps around her knees and ankles held her legs together, whilst similar
straps around her elbows and wrists pulled her arms painfully back behind her. A
length of rope joined her limbs together above her naked buttocks and then moved
upwards where it was tied to one of the bare supports of the floor above. The
opposite end ran from her legs to the back of the hood, drawing her body into a
painful bow.

He had been given specific orders not to free any of the girls, so he had spent
his afternoon alleviating their torments in every small way he could.

He refilled the girls' water bag with cool water, deliberately pouring some of
the drugs he should have added down the sink as he did so. Her muted sobbing
ended once she felt the cool water on her tongue, and she began eagerly
swallowing.

Giving her a farewell pat on the belly, Evan started to walk around the room
again. The sound of running footsteps made him look up.

"Damn it, go away," he muttered angrily, sliding in between two shower cubicles.
"I'm not here."

But instead of an overly zealous guard coming to deliver yet another message
from Moira, Trig slid in through the doorway and flattened himself against the
wall.

Evan was not surprised when the group of guards ran right past the room and kept
going; Moira's re-education methods rarely left much independent thought.

"Looking for someone?" Evan asked, stepping out from his hiding place.

Trig jumped in surprise, raising the gun in his hands even as his eyes searched
for the source of the voice.

"Who the hell are you?" Trig demanded, levelling the gun at Evan's head.

"You're with Simeon, right?" Evan asked, ignoring the gun.

"Yeah, and you're with Moira," Trig stated flatly.

Evan grimaced, and looked nervously at Trig.

"I should have done this to start with," he muttered under his breath.

"Would you... do me a favour?" he asked hesitantly.

"Why should I help you?" Trig asked, taken aback.

"I... I want you to get my girlfriend out of here," Evan replied.

Trig blinked in surprise.

"...Samantha?" he asked, lowering the gun slightly.

"You've seen her?" Evan's face brightened.

"Yeah, we got her from the Police. Nice stunt you pulled back there." Trig
dropped his aim, but kept the gun ready in one hand.

Evan grimaced again.

"He," Evan put emphasis on the word, "was threatening to hurt her if I didn't
help Moira." He sighed sadly.

"I would have moved the second I got word... but this guy is dangerous. So I
left her there, figuring she'd be safer with the police."

"Well, we had to go bust her out," Trig told him. "The police were asking too
many questions about certain causes of death."

"In that case..." Evan drew a knife and spun it in one hand.

Trig started to raise his gun, before Evan swung and cut the rope holding the
girl suspended. She let out a muffled squeal of horror before Evan caught her,
lowering her squirming body gently to the floor.

She wriggled urgently in his arms as he cut her free, crying under the hood as
the blood began to return to her stressed limbs.

Evan was glad he had been careful not to be seen by the orphans as he removed
the hood, her blonde hair cascading down her shoulders as it was freed. The gag
was separate from the hood, forcing Evan to unbuckle it from behind her head.
She coughed as the short rubber knob was removed from her mouth, its length
glistening with saliva.

She looked up at him briefly in gratitude, before her face clouded in pain. She
whined urgently, fighting against his arms.

She climbed shakily to her feet as he let her go, the fat end of a butt plug
protruding from between her shapely cheeks. Sobbing with humiliation, she ran to
the nearest toilet cubicle and tugged it free, sighing with relief as the enema
it had been holding in burst from her.

"I had nothing to do with this," Evan said grimly to Trigs' distrustful look.
"Moira had me guarding the place, nothing more." He sniffed. "For what it's
worth, I did what I could to make things easier for them."

"You don't need to explain to me," Trig said simply. Evan nodded silently;
knowing he would have to face Samantha eventually. Trig waited a moment for a
reply that didn't come, and then made his way cautiously to the exit.

"The police are outside," he advised from the doorway, and then he was gone.



Her heart pounding in time with the thud of her boots against the wooden floor,
Julie ran as hard as she could down the main hall of the orphanage. The warm air
pushed her hair back and sent it bouncing along behind her head; her violet eyes
set dead ahead on the half-open doorway.

 She knew what she was doing was irrational, stupid, and outright dangerous, but
the thought of Susan in danger was too much for her. She had already let one of
her friends get captured; she couldn't let another one go.

She came thundering into the dining hall, saw a black cloaked figure and in a
burst of anger, slammed herself bodily into him, sending both him and Moira
flying. Momentarily surprised at how easily he fell, she regained her balance
without fully stopping her run and headed straight for the cot.

"JULIE!" Simeon cried in horror, freed from the cloaked man's gaze by her
unexpected entrance.

Julie didn't hear him as she caught herself on the edge of the cot and grabbed
hold of a stunned Susan, pulling her to the end of the chain and hugging her
head tightly.

"Susan?" Julie queried, her elation at finding her friend edging into confusion
as Susan struggled against her.

She pulled back, the stupidity of her action washing over her as Susan tried to
speak around the gag, her pretty face filled with fear.

 "JULIE! GET OUT OF HERE!" Simeon shouted as loud as he could, walking backwards
and pointing urgently at the door.

Julie looked at him blankly, not thinking straight. She turned slowly, following
his finger to the black cloaked man who was slowly climbing to his feet. She saw
him slip one hand into the cloak, and then look up sharply, fixing her with a
stare from within the hood.

"You little bitch..." he hissed dangerously. Julie could feel the anger in his
gaze, and immediately began regretting her hasty decision.

"What do you want, old man?" she said hotly, trying her best to cover her rising
fear.

It was then that he withdrew his hand from within the cloak, clutching something
shiny in his spindly palm, and Julie felt the first slash cut across her side.

"Ouch!" she yelped, more in surprise than pain. She clutched her side in
confusion, and then another stinging impact made its self felt across her belly,
harder this time.

"What the... AH!" she cried as pain slashed across her breasts, momentarily
compressing the soft flesh.

"I know you have it," he rasped, walking slowly towards her.

Beside him, Moira was sitting on the floor, smiling distractedly with one hand
clasped firmly on her side. She glanced sideways at Simeon, who was once again
standing dead still across the room, his face a mask of horror. She shivered,
realising that Shadow was attacking Julie, whilst keeping Simeon immobile
despite his own abilities.

Julie gritted her teeth as a flurry of increasingly powerful impacts slashed
across her skin, like an unavoidable cane. Unimpeded by her clothing, they hurt
a whole lot more than the beating she had gotten the day before, bringing tears
to her eyes.

As he walked towards her, she began backing away, trying to stand up straight
despite the steadily increasing hits. Her body shook with the force of them now.

"Where is it?" he rasped, and Julie cried out as he began concentrating on her
sex, neither the thick winter pants or her thin panties providing any protection
against the stinging pain cutting into her.

"Stop it!" she cried, and made a desperate lunge for him, hoping to knock him
down again.

Something hard slammed into her belly, knocking the breath from her and sending
her to her knees. She could hear his laughter over the sound of her gasping.

"I don't know what you mean," Julie whimpered, torn between holding her belly
and protecting her sex.

She could feel the weight of the necklace around her throat now, reminding her
of its continued presence.

Momentarily stopped by Julies' sudden cry of pain, Kathryn resumed cutting
through the rear wall of the cot. She blinked in surprise at the soft, slippery
lubricant that covered her fingers as she pulled the rubbed back and stuck her
head through, taking in the situation.

"Shit," she muttered, seeing the collar and chain holding Susan. Thinking
quickly, she used the knife to cut the strap behind Susan's neck, freeing the
gag.

"It's locked on," Susan moaned quietly, pulling at the collar that was thwarting
her escape.

"We'll come back for you, okay?" Kathryn whispered reassuringly, passing her the
knife as Cassandra began pulling off the remainders of her outfit.

Susan nodded tearfully, watching as the two older women slid out the hole,
sneaking along the wall and disappearing through the nearby kitchen door.

"I don't have it!" Julie cried from nearby, making Susan's heart skip.

"Very well," she heard the cloaked man say.

Julie cried out as the invisible caning intensified the very air around her
attacking remorselessly. She felt something grab hold of her thick jumper and
tear it, along with the underlying shirt, down the middle. The sound of ripping
cloth accompanied the feeling of air blowing on her previously covered chest.

"Stop it!" she begged, falling forward onto her hands and knees. Unfortunately,
this had the effect of allowing her necklace to swing free below her.

Abruptly her beating ended, leaving her broken and panting on the floor. There
was a long moment of utter silence in the room, broken only by Simeon's
whispered "No".

Julie stiffened as the necklace moved, caught in the grip of the cloaked man's
mind. She felt his touch on it like an oily stain, and hastened to take hold of
the necklace protectively with both hands.

"It's mine!" she gasped as he tugged hard, nearly wrenching it from her fingers.

"I can feel it," the man said, his voice tight with excitement.

He pulled again, its edges digging into Julies' hands as she clung to it. She
could feel herself beginning to slide along the floor.

"Give it up, girl," Moira called, climbing to her feet. "Shadow will take it,
one way or another."

"What kind of a name..." Julie paused as he tugged hard on it again. "...is
Shadow?"

"One you would do well to remember," he hissed, and with one almighty tug tore
it from her grip.

Her fingers screaming in pain, Julie lunged forwards to catch it, but it was
already clasped in his opposite hand.



Fighting back the drowsiness that threatened to overwhelm her, Susan worked at
the corner of the cot with the knife. She had no hope of cutting through the
chain with the small blade, but the cot itself was made of plastic, and she had
already made progress in cutting through the support to which the chain was
padlocked.

"Give it back!" she heard Julie yell angrily.

Susan swayed dizzily, slowing in her sawing. It took all her concentration to
keep the knife going without cutting herself, her progress hindered by the fact
her hands were still cuffed together.

"It's mine!" Julie yelled from outside, and Susan heard her climbing to her
feet. Suddenly Julie cried out in pain and there was a thud as the fell to the
floor, sobbing.

"You are not important," Shadow said to her angrily. "In fact, it's been too
long since I enjoyed myself."

Susan dropped the knife as the world around her spun dangerously. She didn't
care about what was happening outside her cot, or anything else, except lying
down to sleep.

"Damn it," she moaned weakly, trying to clear her head again. "I must...
concentrate!" she said, even as she slid to the floor of the cot, her eyes
closing.

Julies piercing scream brought her back to wakefulness, even for a moment.

"Stop it!" she cried. "Please!" She continued screaming at the top of her lungs.

Susan propped herself up with one elbow, and fumbled for the knife. Hoping she
didn't hurt herself, she slashed at the wall in front of her, cutting her way
out.

"Julie!" she cried weakly, sticking her head through.

"Stop it!" Moira said nervously, the first time Susan had heard real fear in her
voice. "We need her alive!"

"I'll decide that," Shadow rasped back at her, his eyes fixed upon Julie who was
curled up and shuddering on the floor, hands clasped firmly on her head.

"STOP IT!" Susan screamed at him, crawling out of the hole she had cut. The
chain was too short for her to reach Julie, but she strained against the steel
around her throat none the less.

She watched in horror as Julie looked over at her, pain filled eyes stained red
with the blood that was sliding from her nose and underneath her eyelids.

"What the hell..." Shadow began in confusion.

At the same moment, Julies' eyes shifted to something behind Susan.

Susan glanced over her shoulder as the chain came loose, cut by the deepening
distortion in the air.

"No," Susan gasped in terror, pushing herself away as the circular depression
folded inwards, showing an entirely different image inside it.

"Susan!" Julie cried, climbing to her feet and launching herself at her friend,
sending them both tumbling through the hole.

A split second later it closed in on itself, the neatly severed end of Susan's
chain hanging through the jagged hole in the cot.

--

Thanks to slavelucy and redEva for proof-reading

--




Chapter 17 - Girls' Dilemma



The instant that Shadow loosened his grip, Simeon turned around and ran for the
door, shouting at the freed orphans to leave their friends and get out. They
immediately abandoned whoever they were in the process of freeing and ran for
the door, pained expressions at the cries and whimpering of the remaining
captives. They had all seen what had happened, and it had scared the hell out of
them.

Simeon still couldn't believe what his eyes had seen... was there really a hole
in the air, or had he momentarily lost it under the influence of Shadow? Maybe
they had... run off?

But his thoughts were interrupted as he almost ran into Trig.

"Sir, are you alright?" he asked concernedly, turning and joining the crowd.

Simeon shook his head. "Things are not alright," he replied as they ran down the
hallway.

"Julie came and... did something, and now I'm not sure where they are."

"Huh?" Trig said in confusion. "What did she do?"

"I don't know," Simeon said softly.

Trig shrugged it off, reassuring himself that Susan was safer with Julie than
with Moira.

"I sent the orphans out to the car... Moira is going to be pissed off that most
of her slaves are now free."

He glanced over his shoulder at the naked or semi-naked orphans following them,
straining to carry their drugged companions. He couldn't help but watch the way
the girls breasts bounced free with each frantic step, or the movement of their
hips...

"We need to get them away from here," Simeon told him, returning his attention
to what lay ahead. "The police will try and take them into their care."

Trig frowned at this. "Shouldn't we let them look after the orphans?"

Simeon shook his head, halting at the front door. He stared down the hallway,
checking for any signs of pursuit.

"This is our problem, and our responsibility, even though the truth is out. We
deal with Shadow, and we deal with the innocents."

They fell silent as the orphans hurried out the door and into the cold, gasping
as their unprotected feet hit the frozen ground.

Simeon groaned tiredly as they walked out of the orphanage; the police had
arrived, and were already rounding up the orphans. They had made a hasty line of
cars to block the road, their headlights shining on the front of the building.

"Stop right there" demanded the older officer, confronting Simeon as they
reached the blockade.

"What do you want?" Simeon asked as he surveyed the officers herding the orphans
like pink cattle. "Have your men covered the back of the orphanage?" he asked,
not waiting for an answer.

"Don't tell me how to do my job," the officer snapped. "You there!" he called
out. "Take these men into custody."

Simeon's eyes narrowed. Firmly he repeated the question. "Have your men covered
the back of the building?"

"They're on their way," the officer said, his eyes widening as he spoke. One
hand dropped to the gun holster at his side.

"I don't know who you think you are," the police officer began, "but..."

"Have you seen Nyssa?" Simeon asked him in the same tone, eyeing the approaching
police.

"She's with us for now," the older officer said involuntarily.

Simeon let his eyes pass over the cars again, spotting the van parked at the
rear.

"Let's go, Trig," he said in a low voice, and began making his way through the
cars.

Ignoring the police's cries to stop, they arrived at the van and pulled open the
rear doors.

Nyssa looked up and broke into a smile, shaking her head slightly. Behind her
was Alexis, blue clad and content, and Samantha, who the police had deemed safe
enough to not cuff. Nyssa's smile faded as she saw Simeon's face.

"Shadow is a telekinetic," Simeon said quickly, "and not only does he already
have an amplifier... he's got Julies' too."

"Shit... Oh shit! He has the original?" Nyssa groaned, standing up and offering
her cuffed hands to him. Simeon glanced at them, and with a click they came
loose.

"Get the girl," Simeon told her, turning to face the approaching police. "Trig
will take you to the house; contact the Council."

Nyssa nodded, directing Alexis to her feet. Once she had been shown who was her
new owner, she had been very obedient. Nyssa had tried to get her to talk, but
she had refused to use her mouth for anything but sucking on the dildo.

Trig stepped into the back of the van as Simeon began talking rapidly at the
police. He knelt with Samantha, and spoke to her in a low voice for a minute.
She nodded once, and then watched silently as he climbed out and slid away,
Nyssa and Alexis following closely.



The sensation of falling was unexpected as Julie and Susan lunged through the
portal. Julie only had a moment to realise that whilst the portal entrance had
been vertical, its' exit point was very much horizontal and at about the hight
of the ceiling.

Then the two girls hit the bed below them, landing painfully in a tangle of
limbs.

Julie groaned and rolled off Susan, clutching at her head as an almighty
headache washed over her. There was a long silence, punctuated only by their
hurried breathing.

"Are you alright?" Susan asked anxiously, pressing her slippery, naked body
against Julie and reaching over to look into her face.

"Do I look alright?" Julie replied sarcastically, opening one eye to a slit.
Despite the room being almost dark, she groaned at the pain the light caused,
and squeezed her eyes shut. "Where are we?"

"In your room, at Simeon's," Susan told her, staring around in disbelief.

Julie started to nod her head, and then thought better of it.

"Are you sure you're okay?" Susan asked shakily. "You were... screaming... a
lot..." She slid her cuffed hands over Julie and pressed her head against
Julies' neck.

"Why did you come for me?" she sobbed, not hearing Julies' hiss of pain as she
hugged her from behind. "You lost the necklace... and you nearly died!" She
squeezed Julie tightly and fell silent, crying softly.

"It was worth it," Julie whispered. Slowly she rolled over, their faces almost
touching.

They lay together silently, the already dim light in the room slowly fading into
darkness. Julie slowly opened her eyes, her headache fading into a dull
throbbing. Her body was starting to recover, although she still felt like she'd
rolled down a rocky incline.

"Moira... injected me with something," Susan said softly, her voice slurred
slightly. "I think I'm... going to fall... asleep."

She pulled her hands back over Julies' head and rolled over to stare up at the
ceiling, sighing dreamily. The adrenaline which had been previously pulsing
through her body was slowly fading, leaving her defenceless against the drugs.

"She injected you?" Julie asked concernedly, peering at the shadow lying beside
her.

Susan reached up slowly and took hold of her collar, finding it hard to summon
the energy to move.

"Yeah... in my neck... it was horrible... big... and red..." She trailed off
into mumbling. Languidly she rolled onto her side and placed both hands in
Julies'.

"I love you," she whispered, and then promptly fell asleep.

Julie was stunned by Susan's words, powerful emotions tugging at her heart.

"Me too," she said, but Susan didn't hear.

Julie reached out and turned on the bedside light. She instantly regretted it as
her head exploded with pain, the light lancing into the back of her skull. She
groaned, and reduced her eyes to slits until they adjusted.

Muscles protesting with every move, she climbed off the bed and collected a
couple of towels from the bathroom. Sitting back down, she gently wiped Susan
dry of the lubricant.

Pushing the blanket back, Julie slid her friend underneath the covers. As she
did so, she had a sudden thought that perhaps Susan wouldn't wake up from the
drugs.

"Damn it," Julie whispered, listening to Susan's regular breathing. "Relax,
Julie. She's just sleeping!"

But as the minutes dragged on without Susan even moving, she couldn't bear it
any more.

Hastily she shed her own clothes, eyes widening as she uncovered the bruises
marking her body. She glanced at Susan briefly, thankful that she was unable to
see them.

As she climbed in beside Susan, the young girl stirred slightly underneath the
covers.

 "Susan..." Julie whispered hopefully, pulling the sheets up to her shoulders.
"Can you hear me?"

Every moment that Susan lay still only fed her fear, despite the fact that she
could feel Susan's strength like lying beside a warm fire, totally unlike the
increasing warmth of the blankets. Without a seconds' thought, Julie slid her
arms around Susan and felt forwards into her.

Julie had no real idea of how long it took; one moment Susan was unconscious in
her arms and the next, she was taking a deep breath and squirming, the blankets
stiflingly hot.

"What the hell..." she cried, sitting up in bed.

"Julie? ...Why are we in bed?" she queried, pulling the sheets back as she felt
the coldness of the air. "Julie?"

"Shut up!" Julie cried, and pulled Susan to her. "Don't scare me like that ever
again!"

Recovering quickly from Julies' sudden emotion, Susan managed to get her cuffed
arms around the older girl. Her confusion only increased as Julie laid her head
against the pillow and sniffed sadly.

"I want to go home," she whispered, on the verge of crying. "I just want to go
back to the orphanage, and have dinner, and be normal like everyone else... and
not have to worry about my friends being kidnapped, or people hunting me...
or..." she trailed off, swallowing her emotions.

"I'm making a fool of myself, aren't I?" she said ruefully.

"Those things sound nice," Susan replied after a moments thought.

Julie sighed. "I don't think I'll ever be normal. I mean... look what's happened
to us lately; you got locked in a chastity belt, and the gang members, and
everything else..."

"It's not your fault," Susan said reassuringly. "Plus... that belt saved me..."

"If I ever find it again," Julie said after a minute of silence, her tone
lightly humorous, "it's going straight back around your hips."

"I never want to see that thing again!" Susan replied firmly. "I hate those...
things inside me!"

Julie smiled, sitting up in bed. "Maybe I will even find me some bigger plugs
for it!"

"Bigger?" Susan squeaked, her eyes wide. "It hurt my butt enough with the small
one!"

"Yes, much bigger!" Julie slid out of bed and walked naked towards the bathroom.
"You need to stretch, for your boyfriend!"

Susan froze, her mouth falling open in shock. "Trig..." she breathed. "Trig in
my...in my arse!" She clenched her legs together and shook her head vehemently.

"No way; I could never do that!" She screwed up her face. "That's gross!"

Julie turned on the bathroom light and began searching through the cupboard.

"You will do it eventually," Julie promised, and then looked seriously at Susan
"Can you come here?"

"What?" she asked as she climbed out of bed.

Entering the bathroom, she saw what was in Julies' hands, and immediately she
turned around.

"Not again!" she cried, backing out of the room. "I don't need one of those; I'm
not wearing the belt!"

"Susan," Julie said firmly, pulling the bag and attached nozzle out. "Come back
here."

Susan shook her head no. "Please, not now... tomorrow... some other time!"

Julie decided to ignore her pleas for now, and began filling the bag.

"Julie!" she cried, frozen in the doorway "Please don't... don't fill it... stop
filling it, that's too much!"

Full to the brim, Julie screwed in the nozzle and hung it from the shower
curtain railing. Then she began applying generous amounts of lubricant to the
nozzles' considerable length and girth. Susan stared it numbly, unable to quite
grasp where it was destined to go.

"Come here," Julie commanded, sitting her self down cross-legged on the floor
with the nozzle in hand.

When Susan failed to move, Julie shifted and made to stand up again.

"Please, Julie," Susan pleaded, hurrying across the bathroom.

Julie sat down and patted her lap. Whimpering, Susan crouched and laid herself
across Julie, clenching her rear tightly.

Julie placed one hand firmly in the small of Susan's back, and then without
warning brought her hand down hard on Susan's rear.

"OWW," Susan cried. Immediately, she tried to sit up, pushing against Julies'
hand.

"Julie-ah!" she yelped as Julie hit her again, sending her back down onto her
lap.

"Julie, s-Ah... stop it!" she begged, struggling vainly. "Please, stop!
What-Ah... what did I do? Ah! I'm sorry! I'll do-Ah... I'll do it! I'll wear the
belt! I'll... AH!" She began sobbing loudly, her cuffed hands straining to
protect her behind.

"Please! You can-AH! Stretch my arse, Mistress! Please, stop! AH! I'll tell
Trig... I'll ask him-AHH!"

Julie stopped hitting Susan's behind then, and took up the nozzle in one hand.

"Thank you," Susan was panting. "I promise... I'll ask him, I swear!"

Julie parted Susan's butt cheeks and positioned the nozzle, feeling Susan
stiffen as it made contact.

"Relax," Julie whispered, and began applying pressure.

The nozzle itself was about the same dimensions as the plug on Susan's belt, so
she didn't have too much difficulty getting it in, but when she began pumping
the inflation bulb, Susan went crazy.

"NO! TAKE IT OUT!" she screamed, almost jumping out of Julies' lap. Julie had to
lean forward and hold her down, whilst still pumping the bulb. "IT HURTS!"

A few more squeezes for good measure, and then she released the water into
Susan. She seemed to calm down after a minute, allowing Julie to sit up again.

"Mistress..." Susan ventured, keeping her face down to hide her humiliation.
"...why are you punishing me?"

"You made me worry so much, when you disappeared like that," Julie replied,
lovingly stroking Susan's back.

"But... I couldn't help it!" Susan protested, looking over her shoulder.
"Please... take it out... please!"

"Quiet," Julie said softly. "Just relax, and it'll be over in a few minutes."

Inwardly, Julie sighed. Should she have just told Susan that she hadn't been
able to expunge the injection? Julie didn't understand herself how it all
worked, but she did know that she had to give the injection somewhere to go...
that it was drawn to water, normally the bloodstream, but a colon full of it
would be much more attractive.

Julie shook her head, deciding not to mention it. She didn't even comprehend it
herself, and had no idea how to explain it to Susan.

Susan moaned loudly and tensed in Julies lap, her belly cramping. Julie halted
the flow for a moment, letting Susan adjust to it.

"Miss... Julie," Susan said as the pressure within her eased. "Did you have
to... spank me? Isn't the... enema bad enough?"

Julie laughed, sliding one hand down and rubbing Susan's red behind.

"I was only going to give you a few, for disobeying... but then you started
making foolish promises..."

"You won't really make me do it..." Susan interrupted, "...will you?" Her heart
sank as Julie smiled widely.

"I'll expect you to say "Please", and "Thank you" when you do," Julie said
simply, and started the flow again.

Susan whimpered with shame. The thought of asking Trig to train her for anal sex
caused feelings she did not want to run through her, hardening her nipples and
making her grow slick. What would he do to her? Would it be like the doctors,
with the expanding steel device in her butt? Would he make her wear it all day?

"Almost done," Julie said, pleased with Susan's behaviour.

Julies' words interrupted Susan's thoughts. She glanced up at the bag, and saw
it was nearing empty. Immediately, the realisation that she had all that water
in her caused her belly to rebel violently.

"Oh Julie, I need to go NOW!" she said urgently, squirming in Julies' lap as the
water continued its progress inside.

"Every last drop, young lady," Julie said firmly, holding Susan down.

"Young-g-ah..." she began, before cramping. "...Young lady?!" she said
indignantly.

"Well, aren't you?" Julie asked, holding Susan still as the last of the water
emptied itself into her colon.

Julie cut the flow as the bag gurgled, and reached down between Susan's tightly
crossed legs to detach the hose.

Feeling herself freed from the rubber umbilical, Susan tried to stand and head
to the toilet, anxious to remove the intruder from her body. Julies' firm hand
once again stopped her.

"Please, I need to go NOW! I... I need to shit!"

"Talking dirty will get you nowhere," Julie said reproachfully. "You will stay
here for a few minutes."

Susan moaned gloomily, gritting her teeth. She felt like she was about to
explode, the skin drawn tight as a drum across her stomach. Perhaps if she had
been larger, or older, but inside her small frame the enema was remorseless.

It seemed like an eternity for Susan between when Julie spoke, and the sound of
the bedroom door opening reached her ears.

"We're in here," Julie called calmly.

Eyes wide as saucers, Susan stared over her shoulder as Trig stepped into the
doorway, followed by Nyssa.

"OH NO," Susan cried, and buried her face in her hands.

"I can't leave you girls alone for two minutes," he said, eyes fixed directly on
the black plug protruding from Susan's rear. "Isn't it a bit... inappropriate?"

"It's for her own good," Julie said seriously. Trig raised an eyebrow at this,
but changed the subject.

"I heard about your little stunt..." His voice dripped disapproval. Julie merely
blushed and looked down.

"I'm sorry... I don't know what came over me," she said softly.

"Please, go away," Susan whimpered pitifully, her legs folded back to protect
her modesty.

Nyssa, smiling sadly, turned to go.

"Trig... would you mind staying?" Julie asked.

He glanced at Nyssa for a moment, and then gave her quick directions to Simeon's
office.

"What is it?" he asked once they were alone.

"Susan has something she wants to ask you," Julie replied, giving Susan an
encouraging pat on the back.

"NO WAY," Susan replied vehemently. "I'm not doing it... please don't make me! I
didn't mean it!"

"No toilet until you do it," Julie told her, watching Trigs' reactions.

Susan whined miserably.

"Sit up and look at him," Julie commanded, when Susan began mumbling into her
hands.

Susan made a choking noise, but sat up slowly and turned to face Trig. His gaze
alternated between the two naked girls, bewildered.

"T...Trig..." she raised her head to look up at him. "W...would you
p...please... p...please train my... my arse for anal sex," she finished in a
rush and then covered her face in shame, thighs clenched together to hide her
arousal. Her body was still confused by the change in position, and the cramps
had ceased.

Trig stared at Julie, totally lost. Susan... anal sex... he didn't bother to
hide his instant hard-on.

After a moment of silence, Julie nodded her head suggestively.

"I... would love to," he managed, crouching down and embracing her. Susan sobbed
loudly and pressed herself against him.

"T...Thank you," she whispered, and then more urgently, "I n...need to go to the
toilet."

He let her go, and watched as she ran naked to the toilet. She squirmed on the
seat, frantically twisting her cuffed hands in search of the valve release. She
sighed audibly in relief as her fingers located it.

"Was that really necessary?" Trig asked as Julie came to stand with him in the
doorway, towel wrapped around her body.

"I... needed to flush the drugs from her body," Julie explained after a moment.

Trig nodded, accepting this. "And the anal sex?" he prompted. Julie felt her
cheeks heating.

"That was my idea" she replied, trying to be casual.

"She won't like it," he said after a moment. Julie noticed that he didn't reject
her proposal.

"Yes she will," Julie said, watching her friend. "She was practically dripping
when I said I would hold her to her promise."

"You're really getting into this Mistress thing, aren't you?" Trig said, raising
an eyebrow.

Julie sighed and leant heavily on the doorframe, silently watching Susan; her
female sex slave.

"I don't know if I like being a lesbian," she said suddenly.

"You don't like guys?" Trig asked, caught off guard by her announcement.

Julie sniffed. "I haven't had the best of experiences with men. I pissed off the
gang members, and their response was to send a bunch of guys to our room and..."
She stopped suddenly, and fell silent.

"Then they died... and your second meeting at the erotic toy store wasn't any
better," Trig finished in a low voice. "We're not all like that."

Julie smiled at him, her violet eyes soft. "I wouldn't let my Susan near you if
I didn't believe that." She turned back and watched Susan panting on the toilet
seat. "That chastity belt saved her from experiencing what I did..." She trailed
off as Susan stood up and began cleaning her self, face bright red with shame as
she struggled with the paper.

"My master is a good man," Trig said in a low voice, "in need of a good woman."
Julie stared at him incredulously.

"What are you suggesting?"

"I suggest nothing," he said, the barest hint of a smile on his lips. "It's just
a... an observation."

Susan waddled over, holding a towel tightly around her body and staring at the
floor, her shoulders slumped in defeat.

"It hurts," she moaned as she laid her head against Trigs' chest, hoping for
sympathy.

"Susan," Trig said regretfully. "I have to go; there is still work to do."

Susan sighed. "Okay then," she said softly.

"I'll be back in a minute," he said meaningfully to Julie. She nodded, putting
an arm around Susan and directing her to the wardrobe.

"Let's find something sexy for you to wear," Julie said cheerfully. Susan smiled
weakly.

"For Trig?" she asked hesitantly.

"Yep," Julie replied, searching through the myriad of clothes stacked neatly
inside. Susan watched nervously, eyeing the translucent silk garments that Julie
was studying.

"Can't I just wear... a shirt or something?" Susan suggested.

In response, Julie pulled out a white silk g-string and top, clipped together as
a set. Both items were done in bright red trim, highlighting the mostly
transparent triangle of silk to cover her sex. Even if Julie managed to get
Susan to wear it, the top was made out of white mesh, with shaped triangles of
the white silk for her breasts in it. The mesh was also triangular, with a
collar on it at the top, and a thin strap to hold it around the back.

"Hmmm," Julie purred approvingly, comparing the sheer garments to Susan, who
drew the towel tighter around her nudity.

After several minutes of coaxing, Susan was standing in the g-string and top,
blushing as she tried to pluck the strap from between her butt-cheeks.

"That's where it's supposed to go," Julie told her firmly.

"I might as well be naked!" she whined, one arm crossed protectively across her
breasts.

"For Trig there's a big difference," Julie assured her.

At that moment, Trig slid in around the door, closing it carefully behind him.
Julie noticed he was carefully keeping one hand behind himself.

"Wow," he said, pausing to stare at Susan. She blushed furiously and lowered her
head, hiding her slight smile at his praise.

"Turn around," he urged her, walking forwards slowly.

Susan swallowed hard as she slowly rotated for him, displaying the thin red
strap disappearing between her buttocks.

"Again," he said when she had finished. Susan giggled playfully, and turned
around, wriggling her hips as she did.

Trig placed one hand on her back, stopping her. He put pressure on her, forcing
her to bend forwards.

"...Trig?" she said uncertainly, twisting so that she could see him. She felt
his fingers on the g-string, pulling the strap out from between her cheeks.

"Trig!" her voice was higher, nervous excitement making her shake. He was
staring at her THERE!

Susan jumped into the air, almost slamming into the wall as she felt his fingers
against her anus. Then he was behind her, pinning her to the wall.

"NO!" she cried, the butt plug in his hand coming into view. Her cuffed hands
couldn't help her as he brought the glistening plug upwards, forcing its way
into her body.

"AHHH!" she cried, trying to raise herself up the wall to get away from the hard
intruder.

After the wide protective shield in Trigs' hand, the plug's thin section was as
thick as the enema nozzle she had used earlier. It widened slightly after then,
just enough to make it painful for Susan.

With a slurp, Susan's body seemed to absorb the last little bit of its length,
the protective shield sitting snug against her skin. Susan almost collapsed as
it did, falling into Trigs arms, sobbing.

With one hand directing her towards the bed, Trig returned the strap of her
g-string to its home.

"Good girl," Julie said soothingly, drawing Susan into her arms. "It's been a
long day, but it's over now."

Trig gave Susan a kiss on the cheek, and then headed for the door.

"You girls will be safe here. Get some sleep," he advised, shutting the door
behind him.

The hard rubber in Susan's behind took all the fight out of her in a way the
belt had not. Meekly she allowed Julie to tuck her into bed, her jaw rigid in
her silence.

"What's the matter?" Julie asked, turning off the bathroom light and walking
over to the bed.

Susan was silent until Julie was lying in bed beside her.

"Please, can I take it out?" she asked submissively, rolling over to stare
pleadingly at Julie.

"Of course," Julie replied. "You can take it out whenever you like... but you
won't."

"Why wouldn't I? I hate it! It's so... fat... and uncomfortable!"

"You won't because Trig wants you to wear it," Julie said softly.

Susan rolled over and stared silently at the wall. Julie waited a minute, and
then turned off the bedside lamp.



Emily was trying her best not to even breathe. Ever since the cloaked men had
arrived, she had been cursing her decision to hide out in the rear of Simeon's
4WD. Each time she had gotten up the nerve to look out of the car, there was a
guard preventing her from getting out.

She never got a chance to escape, and now things were even worse; they were in
the car!

Emily wondered if they were in a cult or something; they were talking about
space-ships and other weird stuff. She hoped their "ship" wasn't too far away,
she wanted to get home, and her stolen clothes weren't suited for the cold
weather.

Cautiously she raised herself up from lying in the back of the 4WD, her side
getting sore from the bumps despite the blanket she had found. Trying to stay as
small as possible, she sat up behind the blue-clad girl and peered around her,
trying to see into the front. A second later she saw the rear vision mirror, and
hastily ducked down again.

Shit, she mouthed wordlessly. Had she been seen? A tense minute passed before
she let herself relax and lie down again; satisfied her glance had not been
seen.

Hurry up and stop, she pleaded silently, adjusting the blanket under her head.



The orphanage was deathly silent, the dining hall darkened and empty. Two police
officers sat sleeping in a car parked outside, supposedly watching the scene
until morning.

The moon appeared briefly from behind the clouds, highlighting the lone figure
in mid-stride as he made his way silently across the wooden floor of the hall.
The soft swish of cloth against cloth is the only sound as he crouches down and
slowly shuffles forwards. A light flickers into being from a torch in one hand,
directed downwards at the dark patches of blood staining the floor.

Cautiously he leant forward and took a deep breath, drawing in its' scent. His
nostrils flared in recognition, bringing back painful memories.

"Damn fool girl," he muttered, the light vanishing with a soft click.

Standing slowly, he turned and headed for the hallway. One last thing to do
here, he thought grimly and disappeared through the doorway.

--

Thanks to redEva and slavelucy for proof-reading.

--




Chapter 18 - Strangers in the night



Samantha stared blankly up at the ceiling, the slightly ruffled sheets pressing
uncomfortably into her back. Under normal circumstances, she would have been
happy to be lying on her own bed. But Evan's actions had changed that, and the
place no longer felt as friendly.

Am I being overly dramatic, she wondered. He was trying to protect me. But then
her jaw tightened; if he hadn't been off with Moira in the morning, the gang
members wouldn't have done what they did.

And so she climbed off the bed, pulled her bag out from underneath, and began
filling it with her possessions. She couldn't take a lot of things; a small
selection of her favourite clothes, a couple of books, and a few items from her
desk, was all she could fit in. As an after-thought, she added her favourite
vibrator and gag, and then closed the bag.

Placing the bag at the door to her room she sighed, realising how little she
actually owned. She raised one hand then, and touched the collar around her
throat.

Swallowing resolutely, she carried the bag out and walked into the kitchen,
placing the bag beside the table. Evan was sitting there, fingers clenched in
front of him, his face bleak. He glanced once at her, and then lowered his eyes.

"Where is the key?" she asked, forcing emotion from her voice.

Wordlessly, he unclenched his hands and stuck out one arm, the silver key
sitting in his palm. She took it from him, and without pausing unlocked the
collar and placed it on the table.

"Keep it," he whispered, and gently pushed it towards her.

"I'm not coming back," she said, her voice tight.

"Please." He pushed it closer, bringing it to edge of the table.

Samantha bent over, and opened her bag. With one hand she took hold of the
collar and placed it carelessly in the bag, then zipped it shut.

She straightened, gave him a long look, and then picked up the bag and turned to
go.

"You won't even wait till morning?" Evan asked miserably.

Thinking back to Trigs' advice, she shook her head and walked out.



Her thoughts idled on the brink of sleep, wondering if she would eventually go
insane. It had only been a few hours since she had been imprisoned, but maybe it
had already begun.

At first she thought she was imagining the footsteps. It was so quiet, and her
brain was craving stimulation. But they kept growing louder, until they stopped
right next to her.

A light shone briefly on the cloth over her table, and then with one swift
movement it was gone, the objects covering its surface crashing loudly to the
floor. The unfiltered light hurt her eyes, and she hastily reduced them to
slits, tensing for whatever the newcomer might inflict upon her defenceless
body.

The first hard impact against the surface took her by surprise; her table
shaking with its force. The light was set down above her face, giving her a
silhouette of the person above. She watched him raise both hands and bring them
crashing down on the table, landing between her knees.

She smiled sadly, knowing that his efforts were pointless. Perhaps if she was
free, she could thank him for at least trying. And then, with a wet thud, his
hands broke through, sending cracks spider-webbing across the surface.

By the time she had recovered from the shock, he was busy pouring something into
the tables' interior. She couldn't see what he was doing, but felt it as a rapid
loosening of the substance surrounding her. When it reached her skin, she could
feel the transparent jelly bubbling as it liquefied around her.

Already weakened, he had no trouble destroying the rest of the tables' top, and
a few minutes later she was sitting up and letting him remove the tubes from her
body.

"Thank... you," she barely managed, her throat raw from coughing after the
removal of the tubes. Silently he put an arm around her and lifted her from the
mess of glass shards and jelly, leaving tiny nicks and scratches all over her.

"She... she said I couldn't get out..." she told him as he slid off his cloak
and wrapped it around her.

"Yes," he said, his voice deep but caring. "Moira would like to make you think
that, but she would never waste a young, nubile girl like your self inside such
a tacky table."

She blushed at the compliment, knowing he had been the one pulling most of the
tubes from her. There wasn't much he hadn't seen by the light of the torch.

"Wait... what if the table had been better?" she asked, her voice quavering. She
still couldn't quite believe she was free.

She felt him smile, and he put an arm comfortingly around her.

"Don't worry about the "what if"," he told her, raising his free arm. She looked
at it, seeing the soft glow of LED's. His fingers twitched, and the lights
responded by changing their patterns.

"Who... who are you?" the girl stammered, staring into their soft glow.

She felt the hum of power, like standing near high-voltage powerlines. She
looked up, her eyes momentarily confused by the widening hole in the air. Light
streamed through, illuminating the room around them.

"You can call me Seth," he said, and with a gentle push, led her through the
hole.



The back of the boot opened suddenly, startling Emily. She pressed herself up
against the back of the seat, praying that the darkness would conceal her.

"Why, hello there little one," Moira said, her voice dangerous. "It looks like
we have a stow-away."

"Please, don't hurt me," Emily whimpered, looking over her shoulder. "I just
want to go home!"

"Get out of the car, Moira snapped, stepping back to allow the terrified girl
room.

Emily only got a chance to slide to the edge of the boot before Moira took hold
of her and dragged her out onto the snow-covered ground.

"Please," she begged as Moira slammed the back of the car shut and led her away
with a firm grip on her collar.

Emily struggled weakly as the car faded into the gloom behind them, her constant
tirade of pleading grating heavily on Moira's nerves. A building loomed out of
the darkness, its corrugated iron walls gleaming dully in the light of the moon
filtering through the clouds above.

"Where are you taking me?" Emily asked, eyeing the slightly open doorway. Her
question was answered as they stepped in through the door, into total darkness.

"It's dark," she whimpered, pulling against Moira. "Please let me go!'

Moira paused for one second.

"Be QUIET!" she snapped. Emily recoiled like she had been hit, and fell silent.

"Couldn't you have left her behind?" came the old man's voice from the darkness,
sounding more dry than ever.

"Your decision to send out one of my girls left me with only one slave," Moira
said in annoyance. "I'm recruiting." Emily quivered at the woman's words. What
did she mean, slave?

"You had all those others to choose from," he growled, and there was a loud
clang that echoed around the interior of the shed.

"But I didn't like any of them," Moira replied exasperatedly, and shoved Emily
forwards into the darkness.

She let out a soft yelp as she lost her balance, but before she could fall
someone took hold of her, lifting her to her feet. They weren't gentle though,
and held her close despite her squirming.

There was another clang, and light began streaming through a doorway ahead.
Emily squinted against the brightness as her captor led her up a ramp through
the doorway. Her shoes touched steel, a change from the plain earth floor of the
shed.

Her eyes adjusted slowly as she was forced to sit down inside, the gleaming
steel walls and floors around her coming into focus. The room was roughly
circular, split by a wall that projected out to the middle. She was sitting
beside a circular table in an alcove created by the wall, hiding what was behind
it from her view.

The black cloaked man who had held her now stood by the table, preventing her
escape. Emily glanced up, and then looked away hastily when she saw him staring
at her.

The lights dimmed briefly in the room as a low electronic hum began to fill the
air, followed a minute later by a loud groan from Moira.

"This will take a few minutes," she announced from behind the wall.

Another black cloaked figure emerged and sat him self down across from Emily. He
produced a strange necklace from within his cloak and began studying it
intently.

Emily stared at it, the gold figures glinting in her eyes. And the size of that
gem! She had never seen anything that valuable. Greedily she glanced from it to
the doorway, mentally measuring the chance she would have of stealing it and
getting away.

But the guard was standing too close, and she could tell that despite his
apparent age, the man holding it wouldn't give it up easily. So she sat in her
chair and watched him studying it, waiting for her chance.

"Something isn't right," he muttered, letting the necklace hang loose and
swinging it up by the chain. He glanced over his shoulder and opened his mouth
to talk to Moira, and Emily struck.

In one lightning fast movement she lunged forward, tearing it from his hands and
throwing herself across the table away from both him and the guard. There was a
moment when she thought she would fall flat on her face, but the slightly too
large shoes held their grip and she sprinted for the doorway, almost straight
into the arms of another black-cloaked man entering the room.

Her exit blocked, she changed direction and ran for the ladder heading to the
next level. Praying she wouldn't be pursued, she grabbed hold of the sides and
slid downwards, the necklace wrapped around one wrist.

The lower level was darkened, forcing Emily to make her way via the light coming
from above. Quickly, she located somewhere to hide from above and plan her next
move. There was a table in the middle of the room which she slid underneath,
trying to mask the sound of her panting with one hand. Her eyes darting around,
she scanned the room for what to do next. Her brow furled at the strange glass
tubes along three of the walls, seeing strange, twisted shapes inside.

"We need to get the girl," came the cloaked mans' voice from above. Emily
stiffened and turned from the strange tubes to the hatch, before realising he
didn't mean her.

"She's unimportant now," Moira replied, her voice distant.

"Like hell she is. It's not right... this thing is no more powerful than what I
already have!"

There was a long pause, in which Emily peeked out from under the table in order
to hear easier.

"What do you mean?" Moira asked in a barely audible voice.

"I mean that there's more to this thing than just the necklace." His voice
quivered with rage, growing louder as he continued. "The girl is the key, and
she's... not... here!"

"Calm down!" Moira snapped at him. "Look, I saw through that... portal of hers,
I'm almost certain she's gone to Simeon's little residence in the city. We just
go and search the house."

The cloaked man muttered something that was inaudible to Emily, and then there
was silence.

Nervous about being in the open, Emily made to conceal herself under the table
again, when she realised what it was that had been bugging her.

"Please no," she whispered; ignoring the approaching footsteps above as she
frantically searched the room with her now dark-adjusted eyes. There were no
other exits.

Her shoulders slumped in defeat as the lights flickered to life, confirming her
search. She saw Moira's feet appear on the ladder, but made no attempt to hide.

"I hope you enjoyed your freedom," the black-clad mistress called over her
shoulder, "because it's about to end."

Ignoring Emily feeling sorry for her self on the floor, Moira tapped a set of
buttons beside the closest tube, causing its translucent shield to slide back
into the wall. She breathed deeply, stale air mixed with the strong scent of
rubber.

Emily looked up at the sound, momentarily confused by the tubes contents. Her
mind slowly sorted the loosely hanging objects into a rough order, her heart
sinking as she tried to comprehend what it was for.

"Nice and cosy," Moira said sweetly, her tone of voice in stark contrast to the
dangerous look she was giving the seventeen-year-old.

Emily stared at Moira, her eyes wide and pleading. Her captor smiled
disarmingly, and the girls face lit up with hope that was swiftly crushed as she
was roughly lifted onto the table.

Emily began sobbing as Moira unzipped her coat.



Julie lay quietly, staring blindly into the darkness. She had no idea how long
she had lain there, unable to sleep. At first, it had been because of Susan's
intermittent whimpers, as if the girl was trying to get Julie to relent and
remove her plug. But now the only sound was her regular breathing, and although
Julie was aware of Susan's warmth close to her, it was comforting rather than a
distraction.

Is it the necklace, she wondered. It had always been with her, apart from the
rare times when she hid it under her bed, like for the examination. She thought
back to the humiliating experience, with its painful scrubbing, cold steel
instruments, and the numerous enemas. And she thought of the girl she had shared
it with.

What had happened to Kate, she wondered sadly. Hopefully she would be found at
the orphanage, and then everything could go back to the way it was. She felt
Susan's presence beside her, and wondered if things had changed too much.

Her thoughts were interrupted as the door opened, sending a sliver of light
across the floor. Julie propped herself up on one elbow, holding the blanket
over her nudity. Simeon cautiously stuck his head through the gap.

"Can't we get some sleep?" Julie called out softly.

"We need to talk," he replied in a low tone. Julie frowned.

"So now you want to talk!" she hissed in annoyance. "Now, after it's all over."

"Yes, right now," he replied in an irritated tone. "And it's not over... UH"
Julie sat up as he grunted in surprise, and then disappeared behind the doorway.

"Simeon?" Julie called hesitantly. When there was no reply, she climbed out of
bed and hurried to the door, her bare feet silent against the carpet. Nervous
about being nude around Simeon, she stuck her head around the doorway and peered
into the darkened hall.

The only illumination was the moonlight filtering down the hall, but Julie could
make out two figures standing in the hall, plus someone slumped against the wall
that she guessed was Simeon. One of them bent down beside him.

"What the..." she whispered, before cutting off in fear as the other unknown
person began heading her way.

Her first thought was to disappear back into the bedroom, but then she thought
of Susan, not wanting her to get caught up in this again. Suppressing the urge
to run away, she stepped out into the hall and shut the door softly behind her.

"What do you want?" she asked, arms crossed defiantly under her breasts to hide
their shaking. "What did you do to Simeon?"

Without a word, the figure raised one hand towards Julie. There was a soft hiss
sound, and Julie grunted as something hit her hard in the shoulder.

"What..." she began in confusion, trailing off as her fingers closed around the
metal dart stuck into her.

The figure stepped closer to catch her as her legs gave way a second later.

"What... are you... doing?" she asked drowsily.

"Taking you with us," rasped the figure crouching over her.

Julie tried to hold on to her fading consciousness, to find some way to warn
Susan, but the dart was working fast.

"She's out," Julie heard Shadow say distantly, and felt herself being lifted
into the air.



Julie awoke suddenly and immediately tried to sit up. It took a moment for her
to realise that she could barely move a muscle, let alone summon the strength to
sit. She could feel a collar tightly locked around her neck, and either side of
her throat stung with pain that pulsed in time with her increasing heart-beat.
Her eyes wouldn't focus properly on the roof above, and blinking didn't seem to
help.

"Lock her up," Shadow growled from nearby, making her heart skip. "I want no
more mistakes."

"Yes, Sir," Moira replied in a dangerously sweet voice.

Julie grunted as she rolled her head to look, banging it against the steel bench
underneath her. She could make out the two figures standing nearby, one of them
climbing up a ladder.

"No more mistakes," Moira sneered softly when he was gone, stepping to the
nearest tube.

It opened with a hiss, and she began disconnecting the various pieces and piling
them up beside her.

"If I let you and your friends go, you wouldn't mind pulling another stunt and
getting rid of him?"

Moira picked up the pile and carried it to the table, smiling softly as Julie
tried to moan a response. She searched through the items and pulled free a pair
of shoulder-length mittens, their translucent yellow fingers joined together
with thick webbing.

Julie watched helplessly as Moira lubricated her arm and began working the first
glove on, trapping her fingers within its depths. The other followed quickly,
and then Moira began covering her body with the lubricant.

"I like you," Moira said suddenly, working the body-piece down around Julies'
shoulders.

Her arms slid through holes in the sides, meeting neatly with the gloves. The
rubber gripped her from around her neck to below her waist, her breasts
protruding through two neat holes in the translucent chest-piece.

Julie thought it felt strange underneath her, until Moira began pulling on
either side. At once the rubber began closing around her, the thinner rubber
protruding outwards like a fin that ran from the base of her spine to half-way
up her back.

"You had guts to stand up to him," Moira told her, picking up the next piece and
lubricating its inside.

Julies' eyes imperceptibly widened, knowing there was only one place where it
could possibly fit.

"Either that, or you're crazy," Moira mused, working it up Julies legs.

Julie whimpered pitifully as Moira lifted both legs into the air, exposing her
pink anus to the air. Moira took the long, slender tube hanging from the rubber
panties around Julies' thighs and slid its tip into her defenceless behind.

Julie pointlessly tried to tense her muscles against the intruder as Moira
pushed it ever deeper into her body.

Moira halted in her insertion, and Julie hoped desperately that it would go no
deeper. Then she felt the tip of the dildo touch her hairless labia, and
realised that there was much more to go.

Julie moaned with discomfort as Moira began sliding the dildo in. Despite the
lubricant, Moira had to push hard to slide its length in. Julie wondered if it
was just coincidence that it was just long enough to bump uncomfortably against
her cervix.

With the dildo in, Moira pushed the remaining anal tube inside Julie. Its end
quickly expanded into a fat, painfully stretching butt-plug with smooth slits
down its sides for drainage, making her groan with the urge to expel the
intruder.

Moira quickly inserted her catheter, sending the rubber snaking into her body.

So this it what it feels like, Julie thought, feeling guilty for inflicting it
on Susan.

"You have a lovely pussy," Moira remarked, pulling the rubber panties tight and
sealing them against the base of the rubber corset. "I remember why you were
chosen in the first place."

She smiled to herself as she pulled a pair of rubber stockings up Julies' legs,
hiding any trace of skin below the pale mounds of her breasts.

"Yo-uh a-h ma-dh," Julie managed, glaring at Moira as much as she could.

"I'm not really," Moira replied, crouching down beside Julie. "All my pets are
so much happier serving me."

"Bu-hl s-shi-t," Julie said, trying to lift her head.

Moira took hold of her collar, and Julie felt a stab of pain in her neck. A
moment later Moira withdrew a transparent rubber tube, the needle protruding
from its end glistening.

"I'll put them right back," Moira promised, removing the tube from the opposite
side of her neck. "Need to keep you nice and drugged."

Julie merely whimpered, feeling violated by the needles. Couldn't Moira have
just made her drink something, instead of administering it in her neck? She
hoped that whatever drugs they were would wear off quickly.

Her thoughts were disrupted as Moira forced her limp jaw open and began feeding
a tube down her throat. Her gag reflex tried to protest, ending up as a weak
coughing.

"It will be such a pity to cut such lovely hair," Moira said sincerely, pushing
the mouthpiece between Julies' lips.

Moira gave her jaw a squeeze to get her teeth into their holes, hiding them from
her cheeks with a layer of rubber. Julie whined through her nose before Moira
slid a pair of tubes into them, forcing her breathing to go through the mask.

Moira pulled the rubber hood up over Julies face, reducing her already blurred
vision to mere patches of colour.

It took a moment for Julie to connect the soft clicking behind her to the
tugging on her hair. She cried out in muffled horror as she realised what Moira
was doing.

"I'll let you grow it back someday," Moira assured her, taking a moment to
neaten it. "It's not all gone, just a whole lot shorter."

Moira ran a hand through Julies' now finger-length hair to demonstrate,
impressed by how smooth it was.

She sighed, and with a click removed Julies' collar. Her neck clear now, Moira
pulled the hood down and sealed it to the top of the body-piece.

"Number... 5, I think," Moira muttered, selecting the size cup for Julies'
breasts.

Julie couldn't see as Moira fitted the slightly stretchy cups over her breasts,
but she could feel them gripping her skin as tight as the rest of the suit.

Julie could already feel her strength returning, her body working hard to flush
the drugs from her system. Moira noticed this, and took hold of Julie, carrying
her to the tube.

Once she was leaning on the back of the slightly slanted tube, Moira began
closing the cuffs. The first pair went around her slightly parted thighs, one
around her waist, two around her upper arms, and one around her neck.

Julie felt another stab of pain in her neck, followed a moment later by one on
the opposite side.

Moira began connecting the tubes to her body, one fat tube to her anus, two
attached to her sex and one for each nipple. A triangular-piece attached to her
mouth and nose, two tubes for breathing and one for food.

"I'm sorry we can't sedate you," Moira said, her voice muffled by the hood. "It
works for short periods, but anything more and you'll either adjust to it, or
die."

She gave Julie a pat on the side of her mask. "So you'll have to spend a week or
so in here."

With a hiss the tube closed around Julie, reducing her vision to almost nothing.
"Don't worry about being bored; I've got some lovely reprogramming routines for
you to try out! It's just a pity there's only one education hood."

Julie whined in horror, straining with her fading strength against the bonds
holding her. She imagined herself like Alexis, just another drone for Moira to
play with and discard, with every day another humiliating sexual torture.

A soft gurgle sounded around her, and she started to feel warmth moving up her
legs. It took a moment for her to realise that the tube was filling with water.
Helpless, she watched as the water level rapidly covered her head, unable to
stop the rising terror of drowning.

When the lights went out, her vision disappeared completely.

--

Thanks to redEva and slavelucy for proof-reading

--




Chapter 19 - Visitor



Susan lay in the darkness, her heart pounding. Where was Julie? Had she really
heard Shadows' voice outside? She wanted desperately to go and see, but she was
too terrified. So she waited for several minutes, until her concern for Julie
was too great, and forced her out of bed.

Quickly she found that the butt-plug was horribly worse than the chastity belt.
Every movement of her legs sent it surging in her rectum, making her grunt in
discomfort. She contemplated removing it, but Julies' words made her stop. If
Trig wanted her to wear it, she would.

Her walking naturally adjusted to minimise the plugs movement, Susan snuck to
the slightly ajar door. Her hands shaking with fear, she opened it enough to
see. She pulled it open a bit further when she saw the hall was empty and
stepped out, trying to look both ways.

A soft groan made her stiffen and step back to the safety of the doorway.

"Susan?" Simeon asked weakly.

"Yes!" she whispered, peering into the darkness. She spotted him, and with a
quick check to ensure they were alone, she ran to him.

"Are you okay?" she asked in concern, her belly protesting the rapid movement of
the plug in her arse.

"No..." he groaned. "The thing... in my chest, take it out."

Susan saw something glinting in the light, and took hold of it. With a tug it
came free, making Simeon gasp in pain.

"What is it?" she asked, rolling the dart in her hand in confusion.

"It's a drugged dart," Simeon managed. "Susan... I need you to... find Trig...
quickly!" With the last word, he passed out.

Susan stepped back from him, unsure whether he was dead or not. Her eyes were
wide with terror, and she checked the hall one again for anyone else. She
stiffened, thinking she had seen someone at the end of the hall. A second look
revealed nothing.

"Simeon..." she asked, her voice choked with fear. When he didn't respond, she
began panting softly, her eyes darting around.

"What do I do? What do I do?" she cried, her voice bordering on hysteria.
Remembering his words, she turned and ran down the hallway, screaming Trigs
name.

"What is it?" he asked concernedly, stepping out of his doorway in a pair of
shorts and catching the scantily clad girl in his arms.

"Trig!" Susan sobbed. "Oh, Trig!" She buried her head in his bare chest, and
hugged him tightly.

"What is it?" he asked again, already leading her back down the hall.

"It's S...Simeon! He got... s-shot... and they... they took Julie!" Trig took
hold of her arm and started running, pulling her along behind him.

"Who took her?" he asked firmly, spotting Simeon down the hall.

"That... that man... and M...m..."

"Moira," Trig finished for her. Susan nodded in confirmation.

"Stay here," he said, sitting her down outside Julies' bedroom door.

She ignored his instructions, following him to Simeon's side.

"Is... is he dead?" she sobbed.

"He's alive," Trig replied, feeling Simeon's neck.

"Trig..." he moaned groggily, trying to raise his head.

"Sir, are you okay?" Trig asked, trying to remain calm. Simeon coughed in an
attempt to laugh.

"The dart... reacted with the drugs..." he managed.

"Reacted badly?" Trig asked. Simeon nodded, before sliding back into
unconsciousness.

"What's going on?" Susan asked anxiously.

Trig put an arm around Simeon's limp body and lifted him up. Susan helped lift
him from the other side, and they carried him to Julies' room.

Setting him down on the bed as Susan turned the light on, Trig reached up and
pulled back the ever-present cloth over his face.

"Oh shit," Trig said grimly. Simeon's face, usually a mottled pale and black
colour, had begun to turn a sickly black.

"What's the matter?" Susan asked, staring at Simeon.

"Simeon can't feed like... Julie does; he doesn't gain much strength from it. He
has to take drugs to maintain his strength." He gestured to Simeon's face.
"This... is like if he stopped taking them; his body would tear itself apart.
Only it's... a whole lot quicker."

"Can we help him?" she asked, already knowing the answer.

"No," he replied softly. "He'll either recover, or..." Trig trailed off.



The tube was mildly claustrophobic, made worse by her total immobility. It was a
great effort for Julie to even move her tongue against the rubber filling her
mouth; escape was hopeless.

The room began to shake, not violently, but enough to make her nervous.
Increasing acceleration began to pull at her body, pressing her limp form down
in the tube. There was a slight jolt, and then Julie felt the tube slide
forwards, bringing her into a more horizontal position.

The only thing Julie could think of was that they were now flying. The thought
terrified her, as she was almost certain that this was a shuttle of some kind.
Had they already left Earth?

All of a sudden the acceleration ended, and Julie felt her stomach heave as
gravity ended also. At the same moment, the hum of power that had previously
been present cut out.

"Son of a bitch," Moira yelled from above, her voice audible even to Julies
limited senses.

The lights flickered to life, dimmer than before, and Julie watched in
fascination as the barely recognisable form of her captor floated past.

It was several minutes before the hum returned, along with gravity. As it did,
the tube slid back into its almost vertical position.

Helpless, Julie watched Moira walk past, pause, and then key in something on the
side of her tube.

"This'll keep you busy for a while," Moira said, tapping on the tube. "Then I'll
give you the education hood to continue your programming."

There was a moment of suspense as Moira disappeared without turning the lights
off, and then the vibrations began deep within her loins.

Julie screamed silently at Moira's words, realising that her "training" had
already begun. She began to doubt everything now; was her gradual acceptance of
the rubber prison just a way of coping, or an effect of Moira's training?

The insistent vibrations inside her quickly pushed away the thoughts of her
brainwashing, her pussy growing slick and weakly gripping the dildo. As it
continued to pleasure her, Julie became increasingly frustrated with her
inability to move. Her throbbing clit craved stimulation, something to vibrate,
or suck on it. She squirmed weakly in her bonds, twisting inside the confining
rubber.

The suit was beginning to grow slick with her sweat when the sensation of warmth
within her anus caught her attention, distracting her from the vibrations. Julie
screamed silently in outrage as the enema travelled up the tube within her and
burst into her colon.

The water was moving quickly, and it only took a few moments for it to fill her
already compressed belly and start cycling out. Julie could feel the jet of
water inside, and its steady flow backwards to drain through the plug in her
behind. It felt like her innards were being sucked out of her, the constant
motion of the water making her queasy.

It wasn't painful though, and when the flow stopped Julie wondered if it was
merely an automated system, rather than part of her "education".

The enema over, Julie's attention was once again drawn to the incessant
vibrations. Her frustration returned quickly, the stimulation not enough to
reach orgasm.

Her neck began to ache as she strained to clench her muscles around the dildo.
Her eyes slid shut as she concentrated, pushing aside the rising pain in her
neck to focus on the dildo buzzing away patiently. She could feel herself
beginning to sweat as she fought against the drugs, the effort she was putting
into it making the rubber suit grow warm with her body-heat.

Tiring quickly, she relaxed to gather her strength. The needles were stabbing
pains in her neck, and she was no closer to either freedom or orgasm.

I can do this, she reassured herself, trying to ward off her growing
desperation.

Letting herself rest for a minute, Julie tried to listen to the faint sounds
around her; hoping the soft hiss of her breath through the mask would take her
mind off the vibrations. The soft hum of the tube around her seemed to be
talking to her, whispering incomprehensibly.

Scolding herself for imagining things, Julie shut out the noises and resumed her
pointless struggle.

I won't give up, she told herself.



There was a barely noticeable shift in the air as Seth stepped through the
portal, leaving the girl behind to sleep.

She had been anxious that he didn't leave her again, fearing that he would
abandon her in the door-less room. But now she was safely resting, dealing with
her experiences. He knew she wouldn't cope with being left alone for long, but
he planned to be quick.

He left the portal open behind him, its outer edges shimmering as the distant
machinery adjusted to the changing trajectory of the ship. He studied it for a
moment before he was satisfied it wouldn't shift enough to do any damage.

Not wasting any time on the memories around him, he walked up the line of tubes
until he stood in front of the last one. He peered into its depths for a long
moment, before reaching out and keying in the tubes opening sequence.

He glanced warily at the ladder as the tube emptied itself, pumps purring
softly. With a soft hiss, the tube opened, exposing the bound girl inside.

He reached in and tugged the needles from her throat, leaving them to hang
limply from the sides. His hands shook with emotion as he opened the steel cuffs
around her limbs, and then straightened to stare at her rubber-covered face.

He swallowed hard, suppressing all the things he wanted to say. "Don't confront
Shadow," he told her. "You need to help the others first; find where you are to
get back."

Julie moaned in confusion, pushing her head forwards against the tubes holding
her upright.

He shook his head, and stepped back from the tube. His eyes slid down her body,
and grit his teeth.

"The... box is yours," he said, glancing to one side, and then stepped out of
sight.



Damn this, Julie thought, straining to lift her arms. Who the hell was that
guy... and why did he have to be so cryptic!

Pouring all her strength into such a simple movement, Julie closed her gloved
hands around the hoses attached to her face and rested for a moment, letting
them hang limply. Slowly tensing her arms, she relaxed her fingers and began
feeling for the release to the tubes sprouting from below her nose.

With a soft click it came loose, dropping down to hang around her throat.
Excited by her nearing freedom, Julie began the exhausting task of removing the
rest of the attachments, hampered by her joined fingers.

Her legs shaky, she stepped free of the tube and looked around through the
blurry hood. Ignoring the fact that the man seemed to have vanished into thin
air, she moved to the nearest tube and stared at the keypad.

Unable to read the buttons with her blurred vision, Julie sat down and began
probing at the seal joining the finger section of her gloves to the arms. It
took a moment, as the separate pieces seemed to be melted together, but enough
pressure and they came apart, allowing her to work her fingers underneath and
peel it off. The other glove followed quickly, and then she began working at her
hood.

She worked her fingers past the seal, and began pulling it over her head; her
remaining hair sticky with sweat and lubricant.

She paused nervously at the mouthpiece, her throat tensing around the tube.
Opening her jaw as wide as she could, she took hold of the mouthpiece between
both hands and began pulling the glistening rubber from her throat. Her stomach
threatened to empty itself as the tube came free, and she doubled over to stop
herself from retching.

Her stomach still heaving, she reached up and hit the release button on the
tube. Her seated position was making the dildos put pressure on her bladder,
rapidly filling as her body cleaned out the drugs.

Gritting her teeth, she climbed to her feet and shuffled to her open tube,
searching for the tubes recently attached to her genitals. Once both were
connected the pressure in her bladder began subsiding, her face heating with
shame. She hated it that she had to rely on the tube for such a simple function.

The dildo within suddenly began vibrating again, making her squeak in surprise.
Hastily she unplugged the hoses, the tiny valve closing off her bladder once
again.

Hoping that the suit could be taken off soon, Julie returned to the now open
tube. She breathed deeply, her eyes wide with horror as she studied the girl
within.

Emily lay in the steel bonds, totally placid. Her body was encased in rubber
like Julie, but her hood was slightly different. Julie leaned in, staring at the
softly glowing tubes feeding into the girls eyes. She could clearly see Emily's
unblinking eyes through the transparent plastic, pupils wide and unfocused.

Julie didn't need to see the images flashing continuously into Emily's retinae
to know that this was the Education Hood Moira had spoken of earlier. As fast as
she could, she worked the seal apart and pulled the hood forwards.

She paused with the hood half off, staring in fascination at the soft rubber
cups that were seated neatly over the girls' eyes. Gently she pried Emily's limp
eyelids back and pulled at the cups, hearing them come loose with a soft pop.
Emily continued to not blink as Julie shakily removed the rest of the hoses and
lowered the girl to the floor.

Out of morbid curiosity, Julie took hold of the now freely hanging hood and
stared at the inside, looking closely at the softly shifting images within.
Unconsciously she drew it closer, bringing the cups closer to her violet eyes.
By the time she could wonder what she was doing, the soft rubber was sliding up
underneath her eyelids as she stared blankly forwards.

It felt so good to relax her eyes and stare into the soothing colours. She
breathed deeply, taking up the feeding tube and preparing to insert it down her
throat.  Rubber is good; I love rubber, she found herself thinking. It is good
to serve, to obey without question...

Julie yelped as someone tore the mask from her face, sending pain shooting
through her eyes as the cups were violently dislodged. Disoriented, she fell
backwards into the open tube.

Blinking the fog from her head, Julie saw Emily trying to put the mask on,
whining softly as she clumsily attempted to get the cups underneath her eyes.

"What the fuck was I doing?" Julie breathed, staring at the mask in horror.

She felt a slight urge to put it back on, and instantly reached up and took hold
of the transparent tubes, violently tearing them from their sockets and sending
the mask to sleep. Even disconnected, she was wary of it as she pulled it away
from Emily, giving her a short command to sit still.

"Oh, that was close," Julie whispered, remembering the thoughts it had enforced
in her. She tried not to think of what would have happened if Moira had put that
on her, instead of the plain hood. Just looking at it had been enough to make
her put it on.

Leaving Emily on the floor, Julie hurried to the other occupied tube, anxious to
be away from the hood. She placed her hands on the glass exterior, her heart
pounding with recognition at the blurred, blue-clad figure inside. With one hand
she reached for the release button, her vision clouding over with tears.

Julie watched anxiously as the water-level travelled down the glass, gurgling
softly as it did so. There was a soft click, and the glass cover slid around
into the wall.

"Kate," Julie choked, already fumbling with the steel bonds.

Kate didn't move as Julie undid the bonds and removed the tubes one by one, eyes
closed as if she was sleeping behind the clear hood covering her face.

"Kate," Julie whispered, laying her down in front of the tube. "Wake up." She
worked her hood free and ran one hand across Kate's head, disturbed by the
smooth hairlessness of her scalp.

Kate moaned softly and sucked on the dildo, her eyes staying shut.

Julie gave her a pained look, and began peeling down the blue latex covering
Kates' lower face, exposing the dildo lodged in her mouth. Julie slid her
fingers underneath the shield at the base of the dildo and began pulling it
free.

Kates' eyes fluttered open, and she gurgled around the dildo. Julie shivered,
seeing no trace of recognition in her friends' eyes.

Forcibly swallowing her emotions, Julie whispered at Kate to be quiet, taking
the dildo and placing it out of reach. Kate pulled against the chains holding
her hands to her sides and whined softly, staring at the length of hard, blue
rubber.

"How are we going to get out of here?" Julie asked her, not expecting an answer.

Reluctantly leaving Kate on the floor, she slunk over to the ladder and began
climbing, the rubber suit squeaking softly. Cautiously, she raised her head high
enough to see across the floor above.

"How much longer will this take?" Shadow's voice came from behind the wall.

"Asking me again won't make it go any faster," Moira replied, her voice edging
on annoyance. "We barely had enough power to go get the girl and make orbit, let
alone make a jump! Be patient."

Julie was barely listening to their talking, her attention focused on the large
window she could see from here. As Moira finished, the smooth curve of the Earth
below came into Julies' view, sliding slowly up from below them. Her jaw dropped
as she watched the brightly lit continents come into view, clouds seemingly
frozen in their movement.

It was an effort for her to release her grip on the rungs of the ladder and
lower herself back down into relative safety.

"Wow," Julie whispered, heart pounding. It had been different before; she had
been able to wonder whether they were still on Earth.  She glanced at the walls,
suddenly feeling very small and vulnerable. How far was it between her and
nothing?

"Think," the whispered to her self, shaking her head. "What did that guy say?"

She dismissed his first comments as too cryptic, and went looking for the box he
mentioned. It only took a moment for her to spot the drawers set into the far
wall.

Only one of them was unlocked; Julie assumed he had done it for her. It slid out
with well-oiled ease, exposing a plain cardboard box sitting inside.

She lifted the box out of the drawer and placed it down on the floor, hoping it
held something that would help them escape.

She shut the drawer with a click, and pulled the box over to sit between Kate
and Emily. Emily was eyeing the mask hungrily, but Julies' order was preventing
her from getting it. Kate had no such order, and was attempting to pick the
discarded dildo up with her teeth. Julie watched with tears in her eyes as her
friend got the dildo into a vertical position and began to push it back into her
mouth.

"Damn you," Julie whispered, glancing at the ladder.

Returning her attention to the box, she pulled the cardboard flaps back and
paused.

"Wow," she breathed, taking hold of the gleaming object and pulling it out.

A part of her was disappointed that it wouldn't help them escape, but as she
studied the transparent chastity belt, she found herself caring less and less.

Its innards glinted in the light, the gold size-adjustment mechanisms and locks
clearly visible through the glassy exterior. Its outer surfaces had tiny
patterns carved into it, painted with shiny, violet colouring to make them stand
out. Julie stared at the intricate swirls of the design; it seemed to be a
tangled web of thorns, interspersed with flowers.

The interior of the belt, where the wearers sex would sit, had small bars
running through it; in its' locked state they would slide straight through the
wearers labia. Julie could see small grooves at the base; a second box inside
the main one contained a myriad of plugs for the belt, made of the same glassy
substance.

The box also held a collar of the same design, two sets of cuffs and a pair of
strange, cone-shaped clamps.

Julie studied each of them for a moment, before carefully placing them back in
the box; adding her discarded gloves and hood on impulse. Pushing aside thoughts
of their possible use, she returned to wondering how to escape.

She climbed the ladder and peered across the room again... perhaps she could get
to the controls and turn the ship around. Trembling nervously, she climbed up
and began making her way across the floor.

Something glinting at the edge of her vision caused her to pause. Her bright
purple eyes lit up as she turned to the table in the corner... her necklace!

She glanced once at the Earth slowly sliding past the window, and then hurried
to the table and swept the necklace up in one hand. Feeling complete again, she
hung it around her neck and made for the ladder again, feeling exposed.

She paused halfway, looking over her shoulder as Moira stepped out from behind
the wall, her brow furled in confusion as she sniffed at the air.

She spotted Julie a moment later, and froze in astonishment as they made
eye-contact. Her jaw dropped open as Julie disappeared down below, her heart
pounding.

"Oh shit," she muttered, jumping off the ladder and landing with a thud on the
floor below.

Gripping the necklace in one hand, she ran to the box and threw it under one
arm, uncaring of the fragile contents.

"Stand up," she commanded the two girls, uncaring of her volume. Emily stood
obediently, followed a moment later by Kate; hampered without use of her hands.
Emily seemed familiar... but she couldn't remember where she had met her.

Moira's head appeared through the entrance above, her hair hanging loosely in
the air.

"How the hell?!" she exclaimed in disbelief, seeing all three girls free and
backing away into the far corner.

Her head disappeared a moment later, and Julie expected that any second she
would be back with the dart gun. Her free hand slid up and clutched at her
necklace, gripping it tightly. I'm not giving it up again, she swore.

Every moment Moira didn't reappear only made her more desperate. She growled
angrily at the man who had "rescued" her.

"What did he mean, "find where you are"... I'm in space!" she muttered to
herself.

Moira began climbing down the ladder then. Julie opened her mouth to tell her to
back off, when Moira placed a finger to her lips, signalling quiet.

"I don't know how you got out," Moira said nervously, watching Julie as if she
was dangerous. "But I've had enough of him," she emphasised the word, tilting
her head upwards. "Since he wants you so badly, I won't stop you going." Julie
stared at her in bewilderment.

"You're... letting us go?" Julie asked.

"If you can pull one of your portal tricks, then good luck..." Moira trailed off
and glanced at the two silently obedient girls beside Julie. "You wouldn't
mind... leaving one of them for me?"

Her shoulders slumped when Julie replied with a firm shake of her head.

"I've got no idea how to do it though," Julie told her sincerely. "Before was...
an accident."

Moira's wariness returned.

"By accident," she repeated softly. "Engineering isn't my field... but you need
a rough idea of your location and destination..." she trailed off with a shrug.

"If you're here much longer, I'll have to do something about you... or he'll get
suspicious." Moira turned and climbed back up the ladder.

Julie almost collapsed with relief as Moira disappeared from view. Her mouth was
dry with fear... how long would Moira give her?

Desperately, she thought back to the events at the orphanage, when Shadow tried
to kill her.

"What did I do?" she asked herself, cradling her head in her hands.

Her memories were unclear at that point; it had been almost reflexive, an urge
to get away to somewhere safe. Would it take another attack like that to wake
her abilities?

A loud exclamation from upstairs made her jump.

"Where is it?!" Shadow yelled angrily, his voice clearly audible to the three
girls.

"Where's what?" Moira replied, her voice tense.

"The necklace; you lost it!" he accused.

Julie could almost feel Moira bristle at the comment.

"Why would I take it?" Moira asked him, her voice deadly calm.

"Then where is it?!" he raged, and Julie heard him pound his hand on the table.

Her breathing accelerated with fear... any moment he could come down the ladder!

"How should I know?" Moira replied in the same liquid calm tone. "Why did you
leave it lying around?"

"Because I was trying to think!" he snapped back, his anger only increasing at
being questioned.

Julie heard his footsteps upstairs, pacing angrily. Her rising terror motivated
her to try and open another portal, willing the air to do... whatever it had
done before.

She almost squealed in frustration when nothing happened.

"What use is my ability," she muttered angrily, "if it only works when I'm about
to die!"

"Wait..." Shadow's voice filtered down from above. "It's downstairs!"

Julie did yell out in fear then, and like a crumbling dam, power flooded into
her.

Even as she pulled Kate and Emily close to her, her mind was pressing against
space-time, bending it to her will. The air behind them twisted and began taking
on depth, the wall seemingly sliding backwards into infinity.

Like an opening iris the air parted, light spilling through into the darkened
hallway outside her bedroom.

"What the hell..." Shadow began, pausing on his way down the ladder.

Julie could feel him gathering himself to stop her escape. She stepped backwards
through the portal, her heart leaping as her feet touched carpet; the two girls
following obediently.

Julie turned, and felt Shadow take hold of her body.

"Not this time," he said in an angry tone, and began pulling her forwards.

Julie cried out in terror, and at that moment she released the tenuous hold she
had on the constantly moving entrance.

The portal only remained open for another split second, but there was enough
time to see the room suddenly rush past violently. She got a glimpse of stars as
the infinitely sharp edge of the portal sliced through the outer hull, before it
snapped shut with a loud crack.

Julie slumped to the floor in relief, the air around her calming down after its
brief burst through the portal into the vacuum of space.

"Safety," she sighed, patting the floor as if to reassure her self it was real.
She was half-expecting another headache, but it never came.

The door opened on her bedroom, but instead of the expected tearful Susan,
overjoyed at Julies' return, it was Trig, looking very grim.

"Oh no..." Julie whispered, her heart skipping a beat. "Did they..." she began.

"Susan is fine," Trig interrupted.

He didn't bother to ask how she managed to appear in the hallway with Emily and
another blue-suited girl; it wasn't important to him.

"It's Simeon."

--

Thanks to redEva and slavelucy for proof-reading

--




Chapter 20 - Question of Compatibility



Saying nothing else, Trig stepped back in the doorway and let Julie in; his eyes
lingering only briefly on the two girls who followed her like obedient slaves.

Susan was waiting near the door, and had her arms wrapped around Julie in an
instant.

"Are you okay?" she sobbed. "I heard Shadow... and then you disappeared... and
Simeon was hurt..."

"I'm fine," Julie reassured her, trying to balance the box under one arm.
"Here," she said shortly, passing it to Susan. Tearful and slightly confused,
Susan took the box.

"Don't touch," Julie said when she made to open it.

"Yes Miss," she replied reflexively, and quickly took the box over to the
bedside table.

Julie approached the bed slowly, focused directly on Simeon. The room was dimly
lit, the bedside lamp providing the only illumination.

"The tranquiliser reacted with the drugs he takes..." Trig informed her quietly,
his voice starting to show the strain it took to appear calm. "We... have no
real idea of what to do."

The door to the bedroom opened and Nyssa stepped in, carrying a bottle of pills
in her hand. She barely paused as she took in Julies' clothing, and the two
girls standing obediently behind her.

"I found the medication," she said, holding up the bottle. "But I don't know
what good it's going to do. It took a lot of work to just make these pills
work... I don't think we have time to work out what went wrong."

She let her arm fall to her side helplessly, the pills rattling in the plastic
container.

Her face deadly pale, Julie sat down on the edge of the bed and stared at
Simeon's face.

"Is this my fate?" she whispered, "To have my body fall apart like this?"

"No," Nyssa assured from behind her. "I can tell you, if it was going to happen,
it would have done so by now."

"But you don't KNOW," Julie cried, her voice cracking with emotion. "No-one
knows, I'm not allowed to know, no-one wants to tell me... I'm sick of not
knowing!"

She gestured at Simeon. "I might eat something wrong, and end up like this...
and... and no-one will be able to help!"

She leaned over the bed, staring into Simeon's closed eyes. "No-one can help,
because I'm a freak!"

She trailed off, and absently brushed at her chin, dislodging the lubricant that
had been slowly sliding down her cheeks. It dropped through the air, and landed
silently on Simeon's lips, where it slowly fell into his mouth.

A second later Simeon took a deep breath, and shuddered under the sheets.

"Simeon?" Nyssa and Trig asked simultaneously, springing to the bedside.

His eyes opened slightly, taking in the people looking down at him. But his
attention slid past everyone, to fix Julie with a look of pure hunger.

Nyssa stared at Julie in shock.

"You," she breathed, taking hold of Julies' hand and pulling it to touch
Simeon's face. When she released Julie, there was a hand-shaped imprint on his
cheek, the skin noticeably pinker.

Julie let out a yelp as Nyssa dragged her away from the bed.

"Get out of that suit," she commanded, her fingers already probing at the seams.

"What... what do you mean?" Julie asked in bewilderment, raising her arms to let
Nyssa pull the sleeves free. "What are you doing?"

"Trig, start with her thighs," Nyssa commanded, digging her fingers into Julies'
back.

Not saying anything, Trig crouched down and began tentatively probing at the
barely visible seams.

"What are you...? AH!" Julie gasped as the tightness of the suit around her
waist suddenly loosened. "...doing?" she finished.

"You're a Hybrid," Nyssa said, already working at the waist of the suit. "He's a
Hybrid," she continued. "And I don't care what you say; you're going to get in
that bed with him!"

"Whoa!" Julie exclaimed, jumping out of reach of Nyssa and almost tripping over
Trig. "What... what if it's contagious or something? I could die!"

"The only person who is contagious is you!" Nyssa replied, following her around
the room. "You managed to get two girls under your belt by accident!"

Julie paused, long enough for Nyssa to grab hold of the chest-piece of her suit
and begin tugging it up over her head, preventing her from pulling away. She
felt her necklace slide up the front of the suit, and then fall down the inside
to thud against her chest.

Julie's face flushed as her breasts bounced free and immediately raised her arms
to cover herself, leaving the lower half of the suit undefended. Nyssa gave Trig
a frown at his lack of progress on the seams for her legs, and crouched to help.

"So what... you want me to "infect" Simeon with whatever it is keeping me
alive?" Julie asked; blushing more as Nyssa began pulling both legs down at
once.

"Do you have a better idea?" she replied, and took hold of the rubber panties.

"Wait a sec," Julie yelped, abandoning the protection of her breasts and taking
a firm grip with both hands on the waistband of the panties. "Can't I keep this
on?" she asked, her face bright red. "We're not going to have sex, or anything!"
Julie had no intention of letting anyone else watch the removal of the plugs
inside her.

Nyssa stepped behind Julie, took hold of both her wrists and tugged them free of
the panties.

"Someone, remove her panties," Nyssa said, holding Julie by the arms.

"NO!" Julie squealed, struggling against Nyssa. "Please... they're inside me!"

Susan hurried over, pushing in front of Trig and taking hold of the panties.

"Susan..." Julie breathed, her eyes widening with horror. Susan smiled weakly up
at her Mistress.

"Sorry," she said, and began pulling them down.

Staring in fascination, Susan gently pulled the catheter out, centimetre by
slippery centimetre. She was slightly disappointed Julie managed to maintain her
bladder control, but the size of the dildo she slid from within Julies' pussy
made up for it.

Julie yelled in outrage as its tip left her, lips slightly parted as if inviting
it back. Suddenly she realised that she actually did want it back, her pussy
wanted to be filled with the hard, rubber cock. She needed it back!

Nyssa pushed Julie down onto the ground and straddled her back, hands still held
securely. Susan slid up between Julies flailing legs and began pulling the
panties down further, drawing the tube out from within her anus.

"Wow," Susan breathed, horror mixing with fascination at its length.

"Put it back!" Julie found herself crying, clenching her muscles futilely in an
attempt to stop it from leaving her body.

The fight seemed to leave her as the tube came free with a slurp. Susan pulled
the panties down and added them to the rest of the suit.

Naked and humiliated, Julie curled into a ball as Nyssa climbed off her. Being
the only other person who could see it, Susan removed her necklace and placed it
on top of the closed box.

"Moira did this," she sobbed, trying not to think of how empty she felt without
the invasive rubber panties. As hard as she tried, she couldn't stop wanting to
feel the tight rubber wrapped around her sex.

"It's horrible," she wailed. Her thoughts kept returning to the feelings of the
dildo inside her, filling every crevice.

Nyssa helped Julie to her feet and embraced her, squeezing her in a show of
sympathy.

"It won't last," Nyssa assured her, carefully positioning herself between Julie
and the suit.

"Please... for just a minute?" Julie asked softly, looking around Nyssa at the
panties sitting on top of the pile. Nyssa put an arm around her and walked her
to the bedside.

"In," she said firmly, pushing Julie forwards.

Julie whimpered fearfully as Nyssa pulled the covers back and motioned her
underneath. With Nyssa's hand on her back, she climbed under, lying beside
Simeon. She was relieved that the blankets covered her nudity, but they couldn't
alleviate the horrible sense of violation at what Moira had done to her.

"Closer," Nyssa urged her.

Julie moaned softly, sliding up to press herself against Simeon. A split second
later he gasped, making her recoil in fright.

"I can't do this!" Julie protested and made to get up out of the bed.

Simeon grabbed her around the waist and pulled her close, pressing himself
against her back. Julie squirmed pointlessly; despite his frail state he was
still strong enough to hold her.

Seconds later he had her pinned face-down underneath him, holding her naked body
against the mattress. He paused, and looked down at her.

"...Julie?" he asked, as if he had been in a daze.

"Yes!" she snapped, painfully aware that he was not only wearing nothing, but
very aroused. "Get off me!"

He raised himself enough for her to roll over and look up at him. She felt his
cock brush against her thighs, and squeezed them together protectively.

"Simeon..." Julie said uneasily.

He gave her a pained look, and lowered himself to lie against her
lubricant-covered chest. Julie squirmed underneath, causing her slippery breasts
to rub against him.

"You feel so nice," he whispered, letting his full weight press her into the
soft mattress underneath.

"All nice and soft, I'll bet," Julie replied hotly, trying to hide her intense
discomfort.

"Well... that too," Simeon admitted in a low tone. "I mean... it's been a long
time... since I've really touched someone."

"You're making up for it now," she replied, trying to raise her legs up and push
him off.

"Look," he muttered in a slightly annoyed tone. "I'm trying my hardest to not
think of prying your legs apart and sinking myself into you, so stop squirming."

Julies' eyes widened at his bluntness, but she stopped her struggles. She knew
exactly how he felt, and it scared her to be on the receiving end of those
feelings. With Susan, all she could do was kiss and let her fingers roam... but
Simeon could do much more to her.

He grunted in approval, and lay his head down beside her, nuzzling into her
neck. She felt his grip loosen on her hands, and took the chance to pull them
free. She braced herself against him to push his weight off her, but couldn't
bring herself to reject him. She was saving his life by simply lying there;
letting his confused chemistry sort itself out by copying her example.

"They'll be fine now," she heard Nyssa say nearby. Julie smiled slightly as she
listened to Nyssa coaxing the two brainwashed girls to leave; the best she could
do was get them to stand by the doorway.

Simeon tilted his head and placed his lips against her ear, gently sucking on
her earlobe. Julie squeaked in surprise at the warm sensation of his tongue and
pulled away slightly, rolling her head to look at him.

"What are you doing?" she asked nervously, aware of how close their faces were
in this position. She noticed his skin was looking healthier already, her eyes
marking out the small imperfections in his face.

"Sorry," he muttered, his eyes closed.

Hurriedly she turned away, trying to ignore the feeling of his powerful erection
pressing into her belly. She couldn't stop herself thinking about it, feeling it
pulse against her. Her own body craved the fullness he could provide; when
denied her rubber panties, Moira's conditioning urged her to the next best
thing. It was becoming an effort to keep her legs together, and she was
grudgingly thankful that Simeon was keeping her thighs pinned between his knees.

She let out a soft whimper as Simeon's hips shifted involuntarily, her pussy
clenching as if he had thrust into her. She shut her eyes, attempting to gain
control of her thoughts.

"What happened to your hair?" Simeon whispered.

Julies opened her eyes to find him looking down at her. She felt him run a hand
through her short hair, coating it with lubricant.

"It was Moira-ah!" she exclaimed as his other hand slid underneath her to cup
her buttocks.

"It used to be so long," he said sadly. Julie's attention was divided between
his words and the hand now exploring around her thigh.

"Of course," he continued, "you're still just as pretty as before."

Julie blushed, tensing as his hand began sliding between their bodies.

"T... Thanks," she stammered, fighting to keep her legs together. Damn Moira,
she thought angrily, unable to stop pushing her hips up as his hand slid between
her thighs.

His face moved closer, one hand sliding underneath her head. Her lips parted as
they touched, allowing his tongue to delve hungrily into her mouth. Her own
tongue rubbed against his as he lifted her head up to kiss her deeply.

Julie moaned into his mouth as his fingers touched her wet labia, and squeezed
her legs to trap them. My first time kissing a guy, she thought as his tongue
withdrew. She didn't count the times she had been kissed by the gang members,
lips stretched around the ring gag.

Simeon broke the kiss, and looked down at her.

"Should I stop?" he asked; his voice full of sexual hunger.

Julie thought of Susan and Trig, and how envious she had been of them. And now
she was naked, in bed with another hybrid like herself, with his cock pressed
against her pubis, and a head full of programming that was urging her to fill
the gap between her legs.

A smile slowly spread across her face as she lowered her arms to press against
his chest.

"You're not going to get me that easily," she whispered, and then gave him a
hard shove in the chest.

"Hey!" he exclaimed as she twisted over onto her back and scrabbled for the edge
of the bed.

Julie felt his hands slide around her waist and pull her back towards him. She
squealed loudly; trying to brace her legs against him as her fingers gripped the
edge of the mattress.

He got one leg over her thighs, trapping her legs. She felt him let go of her
waist, and pulled hard to escape, even as he leaned forwards and took hold of
her arms.

"Let go!" she cried, twisting futilely as he pulled her back into the middle of
the bed. She was surprised by how strong he was, especially considering his
near-death experience.

She felt him push one leg up between her thighs, and went crazy trying to
escape, forcing him to pull her arms back behind her and draw her body into a
bow.

"Oh fuck," she breathed excitedly, her breasts bouncing freely as she squirmed
against him.

Julie felt her pussy tighten in anticipation as he slid the other leg up
underneath her. As he did so he let her roll forwards, ending up with her face
in the pillows and her legs spread above his pelvis.

"Just say no to stop," Simeon said to her.

"Fuck you!" she yelled into the pillow, throwing her weight around in a last
attempt to escape.

She could feel her dripping sex rub against his belly, holding her close so she
couldn't close her legs. He had overpowered her with pure strength, and it
scared her that she liked it.

Holding her hands behind her back with one arm, he placed the head of his cock
against her lips. Julie bucked and fought like a wild animal, but was helpless
to stop him as he pushed forwards and slid into her.

She moaned loudly into the pillow as he penetrated her, her struggles losing
urgency. His hand moved from guiding his cock to holding her legs, ensuring she
couldn't pull away. His hips came to rest against her behind, his cock fully
sheathed within her body.

As hard as it was, Simeon kept still for a few seconds as Julie adjusted to him.
He could hear her panting loudly into the pillows as he let her arms go. There
was a moment when he was unsure if she would keep struggling, but she lifted
herself up onto all fours, her vaginal muscles rippling.

"Is everyone here... this big?" she asked breathlessly, pushing back as if to
invite him deeper.

As if to answer her question, he rocked back slightly and then thrust hard into
her, pushing her back into the pillows.

"Ah!" she exclaimed, bracing herself with her elbows.

When Simeon hesitated, she looked over her shoulder at him and stared lustfully
at him, clenching down on him to urge him on.

Julie groaned loudly as he slid out of her, her muscles tightening to hold him
in. His hands gripped her thighs, and he thrust forwards, slamming back into her
pussy.

She responded enthusiastically as he began to pound into her, arching her back
and burying her face in the pillow. Her breasts swung freely underneath her, her
nipples sending mixed signals pleasure and pain to her brain as they rubbed
against the fabric of the bed.

"Yes..." she breathed, feeling the orgasm she had been denied for so long
rapidly approaching.

She pushed back at him as it struck, sending him slamming into her hips. A long,
drawn-out sigh escaped her lips as the orgasm washed over her, and she pushed
herself back at Simeon as he continued to thrust.

Recovering quickly, Julie slid forward off his cock and rolled over onto her
back, her body tingling with pleasure. Her mouth opened in a soundless cry as
Simeon slid into her once again, her legs wrapping around to pull him closer.
Her entire body shook with the force of each thrust, and she found herself
pushing back to meet him.

Her pussy tightened around him as she felt another orgasm growing.

"Not... yet..." Simeon said through gritted teeth, slowing in his pace in an
attempt to delay the inevitable.

Julie groaned unhappily, and pushed up against the bed, sending them rolling
over together. Finding himself on the bottom suddenly, Simeon stared in surprise
as Julie began fucking herself with his cock, rocking back and forth whilst
holding on to his shoulders with an iron grip. He slid his hands up her arms to
hold her in a similar way, pushing her back down onto his member.

"Julie..." he said huskily, before trailing off with a gasp as her pussy gripped
his cock hard.

He tightened his grip on her shoulders as he came, holding her down and pushing
as deep as he could. He felt her grinding her clit against him, milking his cock
with her muscles as he came within her.

Exhausted and panting loudly, she lay her head down beside him. He waited a
moment, and then slid out of her, making her moan sadly.

"Well," she said when they had calmed down, one hand rubbing his chest as she
lay beside him. "You look much better now..."

"Thanks to you," he said softly, reaching out to turn off the light. "I haven't
felt this good for a long time." He hugged her to his chest, pulling the blanket
which had been thrown aside back over them.

"I should really have a shower," Julie mused, feeling the wet patches of
lubricant covering the blanket around them.

"Don't worry about it," Simeon told her. She sighed, and snuggled up against
him.

"Damn it," she said, sitting up suddenly. "I can't sleep like this."

She crawled over Simeon and off the bed, feeling her way blindly to the
bathroom. Simeon turned the bedside light on again, illuminating the room.

"Will you live without me?" she asked half-seriously over her shoulder, her
shadowed breasts peeking out from around her body.

"I'd love to join you," he replied, unashamedly drinking in her figure. "But I
want to sleep now."

He shifted up onto one elbow as she turned to face him, smiling playfully as she
shifted into a pose that oozed sex. The marking above her belly-button stood out
prominently in the sea of pale skin.

"There are spare sheets in the cupboard... for when you get back," he said
breathily.

Julie smiled at the effect she was having on him, and walked slowly to the
bathroom, purposely swaying her hips. She left the door partially open as she
climbed into the bath and ran the shower, sighing as the hot water flowed down
over her.

She took a few minutes to wash the lubricant off her body, before lying down in
the bottom of the bath and relaxing. Her thoughts drifted as the water drummed
against her chest, eyes closing lazily.

"Ah!" she yelped, sitting up suddenly as she realised someone was standing over
her. "Kate!" She turned off the shower, her heart racing. "You scared me."

Kate crouched down, letting her chin rest on the edge of the bath. Julie shifted
uncomfortably, realising she was staring at her breasts. Water dripping from her
body, she reached out and pulled the dildo from Kates' mouth.

"What's the matter?" Julie asked her uneasily, looking for any sign of Kate in
the girls' deep, green eyes.

"Hungry," Kate managed, looking nervous about talking.

"I don't have any food," Julie told her, climbing out of the bath with the dildo
in hand.

Kate stayed sitting as Julie dried herself, and then came to crouch beside her.

"Hungry," Kate repeated, leaning forwards to place her head against Julies'
towel-covered chest.

"I know," Julie replied, holding her close. "How about we take off this suit?"

"Hungry," Kate repeated again, nuzzling urgently at the towel. It came apart
suddenly, and before Julie had time to react, Kate was lowering her mouth
towards her exposed nipple.

"No!" Julie exclaimed, tears coming to her eyes as she leant away from Kate. It
hurt that her friend had been reduced to such a level; she wasn't hungry for
food, she just wanted to suckle.

Kate stared at Julie as if the world had come to an end, unable to deal with
being rejected. She visibly shuddered, before falling forwards, her head
thudding audibly against the tiles. Julie stared in frozen horror as she curled
into a ball and began wailing.

"Oh, Kate," she said, choking with pity.

She rushed forwards and helped Kate into a sitting position, stroking the rising
bump on her head. She unclipped the chains holding Kates hands against her side
and then drew her close, the towel forgotten on the floor behind her.

Kates' sobbing tapered off, and she began concentrating on Julies' chest again.
Julie watched silently, tears in her eyes as Kate lowered her head, taking her
left breast between her hands. She felt her friends' warm lips encircle her
nipple, and then she began sucking, drawing the soft flesh into her mouth.

Julie cradled Kate's head in her arms, holding her close as she suckled. She was
purring softly through her nose, completely content. Her fingerless hands
gripped the breast in front of her, squeezing gently.

"Kate," Julie whispered sadly, stroking Kates' hairless head.

Kate paused then, and opened her eyes slightly.

"J...Julie?" she asked softly, looking up at her.

"Kate!" Julie said excitedly, but she had already returned to suckling.

She sighed, the barest hint of a smile on her lips as she gazed down at her
friend.

"I know you're in there somewhere," she whispered. "You're safe now."



Susan walked along behind Trig, trying to find the best way to walk without
disturbing the butt-plug. Her muscles ached from the constant stretching, but
Trig had given her a firm "No" when she had asked to take it out, and she didn't
dare repeat her question.

"I want you to stay here," Trig told her firmly, pausing outside his room.

"You're not coming?" Susan asked nervously, clinging to his side.

"I have to help Nyssa," he told her. "You'll be safe here."

"But what about Julie?" she asked, looking back down the hallway.

Trig grimaced. He didn't want her near Julie until everything was cleared up; if
anything else happened, he didn't want her getting caught up in it.

"Stay here," he told her instead, opening the door and guiding her in with a
firm hand on her back.

She opened her mouth to protest, but his gaze made her swallow it.

"Yes Sir," she said submissively, feeling for the light.

"Don't touch the plug," he reminded her, and then closed the door.



High in the night sky, a speck of light appeared, twinkling in the vastness. It
grew quickly, approaching the rough circle of light filtering through the clouds
below. If anyone had been watching carefully, they would have seen it slowly
decreasing in speed, the air shimmering as the technology within strained
against gravity.

The scorched metal of its exterior glinted briefly in the moonlight, before
disappearing into the cloud-mass below. Its landing was unavoidable now; damaged
as it was, it had tried faithfully to reach its' destination. Now all that was
left to do was ensure it didn't destroy itself on impact.



 Julie paused in peeling off Kates' latex suit, looking up in confusion. There
was a low rumble from outside, steadily increasing in magnitude.

She jumped as a powerful thud shook the house, as if a huge underground
explosion had occurred. Already uneasy, Kate whimpered and embraced Julie, her
mouth automatically seeking something to suck on.

"That's not good," Julie said to herself.

--

Thanks to redEva and slavelucy for proof-reading

--




Chapter 21 - The Awakening



It took a lot of coaxing to get Kate to release her hold on Julies' waist, her
fingers grabbing at Julies' shirt. Having spent enough of the day naked, she had
dressed in the loose shirt and a pair of panties before helping Kate. Most of
Kates' latex covering had been removed now, hampered by the girls' confused
attempts to put the various parts on again. Julie was thankful they were only
regular latex, and didn't melt together under pressure like her own suit.

Hurriedly Julie removed the blue stockings and their attached heels, and then
picked up the small collection of cuffs and chains she had found in the
wardrobe.

"Sorry Kate," she apologised, locking Kates' arms behind her back. "But I know
that if I leave you, you'll try and put that suit on again."

Julie knew what the crash earlier had been; she had seen the portal slicing
through the walls. The ship had been damaged, and without enough power to escape
via a portal of their own, they had taken the only other course; return to
Earth.

That meant Moira was here, now� and so was the black-cloaked man, Shadow.

Julie wrapped a blanket around Kates' prone form, and folded another under her
head for a pillow. Her legs were chained to the foot of the bed, preventing her
from moving far.

Leaving Kate squirming unhappily, Julie checked on Simeon, who was sleeping
soundly despite all the noise she had been making.

Emily was still by the doorway, sitting against the wall with her knees up and
chewing on her gloved fingers as she gazed into the carpet.

"Hey," Julie said gently, lifting the girls chin. Emily blinked in confusion,
and after a moment looked up.

"Do you know where you are?" Julie asked slowly, like she was talking to a
child. Emily's face contorted with concentration, and it took her a few seconds
to nod.

"I want you to stay here," Julie told her firmly, taking hold of the girls'
hand. "Stay," she repeated, squeezing the hand. Emily whimpered softly as she
nodded.

She heard the footsteps a moment before Trig burst in, panting slightly.

"Julie," he said, sighing in relief as he saw her. "Did you hear the crash?"

"It was hard to miss," Julie told him, letting go of Emily and standing up.
"It's Moira again."

Trig nodded. "Don't worry about her. The Council is sending some help; it should
be here any time now�" He trailed off and glanced down at Emily. "Where did you
find her?" he asked curiously.

"She was with Moira," Julie told him, leaning down and running a hand across
Emily's bald head; apparently Moira hadn't shown her hair any mercy.

"Poor Emily," Trig said softly, putting a hand on her shoulder.

"Wait� Emily?" Julie asked in surprise, suddenly remembering who she was. "She's
the girl from the car� and who you spoke of at breakfast� where did Moira get
her from?!" she exclaimed.

Trig shrugged, and then his face seemed to harden.

"Nyssa says you're to stay here," he told her firmly. "She doesn't want you
falling into Shadows' hands again."

"You don't sound so certain," she replied, giving him a sideways glance.

"He's going to come after you; why else would they crash here? I think staying
here only puts Simeon and the girls in danger."

Julie grimaced. "What should I do then, run away?"

"If it was me� I'd hate doing it but I'd throw on a jacket and get the hell out
of here. But you�" He paused to give her a smile. "You're unpredictable." His
tone remained respectful, as if he saw it has a virtue. "But whatever you do,
make a decision quickly. Time is running out."

Julie straightened up and sighed.

"Can I at least put on a pair of pants before I run away this time?" she asked
with a wry smile, thinking back to her last run through the snow.

She began searching through the wardrobe, donning a pair of woollen pants and
the shoes she had stolen from the headmistress, and then pulled on a jacket.

She checked Simeon was sleeping well, gave Kate a quick kiss and then turned off
the light and shut the door behind her.

Sitting in the darkness, forgotten upon a plain cardboard box, was her necklace.



Shadow climbed down the ladder, breathing in the sharp smell of ozone. His shoes
began to feel warm against the metal floor as he looked around, smiling to
himself as he studied the gaping hole in the far wall.

The crippled ship had reoriented itself before re-entry, placing the wound in
its side at the far end of its spherical design. Despite this, the heat of
re-entry had burned hot through the hole, scorching the walls and floor and
heating the room immensely.

"It had hoped for at least a body," he said to the empty room. "You disappoint
me, Moira; I had hoped for more of a challenge."

The only sound was the soft pinging of contracting metal.

"I turned off the containment shields after I closed the hatch, so you would
have suffocated before being turned to ash." He chuckled at his own
thoughtfulness, and gazed around the room with a self-satisfied smile.

Quickly growing bored with gloating, Shadow turned to the ladder and climbed up,
disappearing over the edge.

"Now there's nothing stopping me from killing the girl," he called out over his
shoulder.



"We can get out the back," Trig said to Julie as the hurried down the hall,
entering into the balcony above the entrance to the building. The open area was
dimly lit by the moonlight filtering through the clouds, the thick glass windows
frosted with the cold. As they ran, the clouds parted briefly, illuminating the
ground outside. Julie spotted the shape of the ship buried in the trees across
the grounds, its silver hull blackened with burn-marks. And then her heart
leaped, seeing the black figures already making their way towards the house.

"They're coming," she squeaked, adrenaline flooding her veins.

"In here," Trig said shortly, shoving open a side door that until then had
seemed another part of the wall. Julie had no chance to be surprised by the
steps in front of her before she was almost falling down them after Trig.

"Secret passages," Julie exclaimed, wry amusement overriding her anxiousness for
a moment. Trigs nervous laughter came to her over the hurried sound of her
breathing.

"For the maids," he called over his shoulder as they entered a small, dimly lit
corridor.

Its walls were plain, unpainted plaster, and so close together that Trigs'
shoulders were almost brushing against either side. Small, evenly spaced lights
ran down the passage, the soft, motion-sensitive bulbs flickering to life as
they moved down the passage, before winking out behind them, their work done.

Trig paused at the first intersection and glanced down at something, followed by
a loud click that made Julie shiver.

"Is� is that a gun?" Julie asked hesitantly at the black shadow in Trigs' hands.

There was a long pause before he replied, "Yes."

She shivered again, and looked away.

"Don't tell Susan," he added meaningfully in a low tone, before deciding on a
direction and breaking into a run.

He took several more turns, with Julie hurrying to keep up, and then down
another flight of stairs.

"Where are we going?" she panted after him.

They rounded a final corner, and came to a heavy wooden door at the end.

"Here," Trig told her, and tugged a set of keys from within his coat.

"Come on," he said urgently, pushing the door open and running through without
bothering to lock it. Julie took a moment to at least close the door, before
chasing after him.

The passage had led them out into a small nook formed by the pine trees growing
close to the house, effectively hiding the entrance from the outside as well as
protecting the area from most of the snow. Trig led her through a gap in their
dense branches, and immediately Julie could feel the temperature drop. Small,
squat lamps were placed along the snow-covered paths, whilst taller lamps sat
amidst the trees, their dark and silent witness giving the area a distinctly
creepy feel to it.

Shivering Julie tightened the jacket around her body, and peered through the
trees. A black-cloaked figure emerged from around the house, making her stiffen.

"Trig!" she cried out, stepping behind the nearest tree, but instead of taking
cover, Trig raised the gun and fired.

Julie cringed, expecting a loud bang as it discharged, but it hardly made a
noise; a barely audible zip the only sound reaching her ears. Heart thumping,
she looked cautiously around the tree, and managed to get a glimpse of a black
figure sprawled in the snow, before Trig took hold of her arm and yanked her
away.

"Don't tell Susan," he repeated in a hurried voice, his eyes scanning the area
ahead of them as they ran.

"Did you�" Julie began in a horrified tone, but trailed off as he squeezed her
arm warningly. "Don't tell Susan," she whispered; eyes wide.

They ran along a line of trees, planted so close that their intertwined branches
almost formed a hedge. There was a gap in their neat ranks, and Trig ran
through, dragging Julie after him.

The cloaked guard standing in the gap turned in surprise at the newcomers, only
to meet Trigs' balled fist in the face and fall backwards into the trees, crying
out in pain as they ran past. Julie only had a moment to take in the square
garden hidden by the trees, and the paved pond sitting in the middle, before she
saw the other two figures standing at the opposite side.

Trig didn't have time to raise the gun before something slammed into his chest,
punching the air from his lungs and sending him staggering backwards, gasping.

"TRIG!" Julie cried, catching him before he fell forwards.

"Run� you stupid girl," he panted, doubled over and clutching at his chest.

Julie almost felt the gathering of strength before Trig cried out again. His
knees gave way, and he fell to the ground, holding onto consciousness by a
thread. The last hit had landed between his shoulder-blades, sending pain
shooting down his spine.

"Trig, stay awake," Julie told him loudly, her voice cracking with dread.

"GO," he yelled, trying to push her away with his failing strength.

"N� No," she sobbed, straining to hold him upright.

This time she was certain she felt something as Shadow prepared for a final,
fatal blow. She knew what he was going to do, and the only thing she could think
of was Susan's face, the look of devastation when she found out what happened.

It seemed like he struck in slow motion, and Julie thought she could see the air
shimmer. She heard someone scream, and then the world turned into pain.



Susan lay on her side in Trigs' soft bed, the blankets curled around her in a
ball. She couldn't sleep though; the crash from outside had scared her too much.
She was trying not to think about what could have happened, and had busied her
self with trying to get as warm as possible.

Feeling safer within the blankets surrounding her, she poked her head through
the gap in its outside and lay it down against the l pillow. Double-sized
blankets are so much better, she thought to herself, wriggling within their
soft, warm embrace.

Unfortunately this had the effect of disturbing the butt-plug, and she squeezed
her face into a grimace. After all the things she had done for Julie, she got a
hard piece of rubber in her behind as reward.

Despite its presence, she hugged the blankets close, pushing aside looming
thoughts of the crash to think of her mistress. She wondered what had happened
after she left; did Julie and Simeon� She tried to silence her thoughts, a blush
already creeping up her cheeks. She knew that Julie was uncomfortable with being
a lesbian� perhaps being with Simeon would make her feel better.

Her thoughts began drifting to just how he would make her feel better, and she
groaned loudly at herself. Trying to clear her head, she pulled the blankets
tightly around herself and wriggled down the bed to the window at the end.

"I wonder if it'll snow again," she muttered to herself, pushing aside the
curtain to look up at the clouds. The moon took a moment to shine through,
illuminating the snow-covered ground with an eerie glow.

"Wow," she said, staring out across the gardens. "It's so different at�" She
halted with a choking sound, her eyes wide and locked directly on the person
slowly walking across the snow, his black cloak hanging heavily around him.

Trying to still her quivering, she leaned back from the window and pulled the
curtain across. As soon as it was covered, she lunged for the other end of the
bed, drawing the blankets around her and huddling into their softness.

"He didn't see," she reassured herself, ears straining for any sound. She knew
that he hadn't even been facing in her direction, but the fact that he had been
there in the first place was enough to frighten her.

Both hands slid up to grab the collar still around her neck, the barely
perceptible touch of metal against her neck reminding her of the painful
injection, and the promise of more to come. And if the black-cloaked men were
here, then Moira would be too�

She let out a whimper, and pressed herself into the corner of the room. Perhaps
if I stay here, they won't find me�

With a start, she realised that Julie wouldn't know about them! She would be
sleeping with Simeon, and never know until it was too late.

Shaking like a leaf, she uncoiled herself from the blankets and stepped out onto
the floor, wearing only the flimsy lingerie that Julie had picked out for her.
She was sweating nervously, despite the coldness of the air around her.

Picking up one of Trigs' jackets left carelessly on the floor, Susan pulled it
around her, already walking towards the door. She paused with one hand on the
doorknob, and then recoiled. What if they were already in the house, she asked
herself.

A quick glance around the room located several potential weapons. A minute later
she was creeping out into the deserted hallway, clutching a long, thick torch in
both hands so hard she thought she could feel its metal exterior flexing.

The house was completely silent as Susan made her way slowly towards where she
thought Julies' room was. She rounded the final corner, and almost died with
fright. Stepping back behind the wall, she swallowed hard.

It could have been Simeon, she told herself; it doesn't have to be one of� them!

Her heart pounding, she stuck her head around, watching as the shadowy figure
made his way towards Julies' door. He had his back to her, but the cloak he was
wearing confirmed her worst fears.

Her fingers white around the base of the torch, Susan stepped out from behind
the wall, her eyes watching for the slightest indication she had been heard.
Every time the terror threatened to overwhelm her, thoughts of the clueless
people inside the room ahead drove her to take the next step. And just as he
reached the door, the guard stopped and raised his head.

Susan let out a terrified squeal, and swung with all her might at the hood.
There was a horrible thud as the torch made contact, and the figure toppled to
the ground. She began sobbing, and let the torch fall to the ground as she ran
to the door and burst in.

"Julie!" she cried, rushing to the bed. She grabbed the blankets and without a
thought yanked them away, exposing Simeon sleeping soundly underneath.

Her heart skipped a beat when she realised Julie wasn't there. Desperately, she
shook Simeon in an attempt to wake him, but no matter how much she called his
name and pushed him, he remained sleeping.

Defeated, she sat down heavily on the bed, grunting as the butt-plug surged
within her.

Where was Julie?

On impulse, she looked up, and sitting beside her was the box. She would have
been tempted to look inside and discover its contents, but the sight of Julies'
necklace sitting on top distracted her.

"Oh no," Susan breathed, picking it up. If Julie had left it behind, she must
have been in a hurry to go; she could be anywhere�!

A sudden flash of light startled her, and she let out a squeal of fright,
dropping the necklace. At once her head began aching, like she had bumped
against something in the dark.

"Whoa," she breathed, watching the necklace come to rest on the carpet. Gingerly
she poked at it with a toe, but nothing happened.

Still cautious, Susan bent down and touched it with her hand. When nothing
happened, she scooped it up and lifted it by the chain into the air, peering
into its violet depths.

The second flash didn't startle her this time, and the necklace remained hanging
from her hand. She rubbed her eyes with her free hand, and found that this did
nothing to interrupt the light.

"W�What�" she muttered in confusion, staring into the glow. It's so pretty, she
thought, her apprehension replaced by wonder.

As she stared through the walls at the glow, she grew frustrated that she
couldn't make out what it was. It felt like she had removed a blindfold, only to
find there was nothing more than a dot to look at.

She narrowed her eyes at the glow, trying to discern where it was coming from.
As she concentrated, it began to resolve into two separate glows, like adjusting
the focus on a camera.

"Julie?" she muttered in confusion, leaning forwards.

She wasn't sure how she knew� it came like recognising a familiar face. And as
she watched, the opposite glow seemed to draw in on itself, and then in a flash
it struck. 

"No!" she cried in horror, almost falling off the bed in an aborted attempt to
help.

Despite her eyes being closed, she could still see what was happening, and knew
that whatever had happened didn't work.

She wrapped the necklace around her hand and stood up, quivering with anxiety.

After taking the first step forwards, she abandoned all thought of
self-preservation and broke into a run.



Julie felt herself falling, but made no effort to prevent her impact with the
soft snow. She could hear someone screaming, and it took a moment to register
that it was her.

At once the blinding pain became all too real, crashing in on her consciousness
like a speeding truck through a wall and destroying all rational thought.

Trig fell down beside her, still gasping for breath. Despite the pain any
movement caused, he grabbed Julies' writhing body and rolled her onto her back.
He felt a twinge of guilt as she cried out louder, hands firmly clasped against
her head.

"Julie," he gasped weakly, trying to comfort her as she curled into a ball, took
a deep breath and screamed again.

"Very clever," called a familiar voice from across the pond. "But pointless.
Perhaps this will be fun, after all."

Through her haze of pain, Julie felt him gathering to attack again. Her
consciousness clinging to the feeling of Trig holding her close, she
instinctively blocked him again.

Julie was rendered speechless as the pain became worse in an instant, her brain
reeling in shock. She wanted nothing more than to writhe in the agony burning
inside her head, and a moment later Trig found it hard to hold her still as she
screamed into the night and strained against his arms.

"This is what happens when you push yourself too hard," Shadow called out to
her. "I've seen it before; people forced to awaken their abilities." His voice
grew hard, as if it brought back painful memories.

He struck again, pouring fire into her skull. Her entire body shook as he did,
and for a moment she was too stunned to cry.

"I can do this for hours," Shadow bragged, starting to walk around the pond
towards them. "Dominants have their abilities, Humans have theirs nicely locked
away, and then Hybrids like you and I get the best of everything!"

Julie didn't see him stop moving, but she felt the attack coming. It was hard,
and fast, nearly sending her over the edge into blissful unconsciousness.

Trig felt her tense in his arms as the air seemed to tighten around them, and he
didn't need her abilities to know he now owed her his life another time.

"Unfortunately, you won't get to experience it," Shadow said confidently, and
began gathering himself for another strike.



The room was silent for a long time after Shadow left, before being broken by a
single thud. One of the closed tubes dislodged a cloud of dust, and sent it
sliding down the hardened glass covering.

Inside, Moira drew her fist back from the glass and cursed under her breath. The
tube was stiflingly hot, and she was pouring sweat. Her free hand was holding
the breathing attachment for the hood over her mouth; although the hood itself
was missing, it was still giving air.

She fumbled for the release to the tube, and gave it a tug. The glass slid back
with the soft purr of motors, and Moira stepped out.

Still cursing, she made her way across the floor, noting the heat that still
shimmered across the steel surface. The hatch above was open, and a minute later
she was upstairs and heading to the computers.

The ship wasn't going anywhere, she quickly determined. Its sensors, although
limited by its current state, notified her of the wormhole that was slowly
expanding in the night sky.

Moira sighed, estimating that there were two, maybe three ships on the way.
There wasn't much time left.

Leaving the computers, she climbed the ladder upstairs and went directly to the
kitchen where she had set up her equipment. She had saved what she could from
the Doctor's office, but what remained was still frustratingly limited.

Her frustration increased when she saw that not only had the impact made a mess
of the delicate tools, but Shadow had tampered with the data whilst she was
gone. Fortunately he had no real knowledge of what he was doing, and it only
took her a moment to realise the full import of the figures before her.

A coolly satisfied smile crept across her lips.

"Well, it's been nice knowing you," she said to Shadow, calmly bending down to
pick out the small vial of blood amidst the mess of broken glass on the floor.

"A shame I won't get to see you find out." Moira glanced at the writing across
its label, before placing it in her pocket and walking out.

In neat handwriting, it read "Julie"

--

Thanks to redEva and slavelucy for proof-reading

--




Chapter 22 - Strength Within



The shred of Julie that still clung to consciousness registered that Shadow had
finished speaking. She had no idea of what he had been saying, but a moment
later it was irrelevant as she felt him prepare for another strike against her.
She shut her eyes, realising she was going to lose consciousness if Shadow
struck again. He would kill both her and Trig, and she could do nothing to stop
it.

Unable to do anything because of the pain coursing through her skull, she
watched helplessly as the air began to shimmer around him. Despite the tears
that blinded her, she could see him clearly; his face filled with cruel hunger.

His attack hit, and once again she reflexively protected them both at the last
moment. She saw stars as agony flowed into her head, and dimly felt her body
stiffen in shock.

And then the pain left.

Julie was surprised at first. She felt strange, as if she had somehow stepped
away from what was happening in her body. It took a moment for her to associate
it with what Evan had done to her only days before, when his caning had awakened
her regenerative ability.

Remotely, she felt Trig holding her close as her body writhed. He was talking
loudly over her continued cries, his voice shaking with fear as he tried to
reassure them both.

This can't be good, she thought nervously. If she had been pushed this far� Am I
dying, she wondered. Mentally she shook her head, and listened to Trig, letting
the sound of his voice calm her thoughts.

Dimly, Julie felt Shadow striking again, and clumsily defended herself. The
action was no longer a reflexive action, but a conscious decision, and the
effort it required threatened to bring back the pain that burned in her head.

I can do this, she thought with the beginnings of excitement, but she had no
time to celebrate as Shadow struck again.

She knew he was merely toying with her; the effort he was putting into it didn't
seem as much as at the orphanage. Her heart sank, wondering what would happen
when he grew tired of the game.

"You don't give up, do you?" Shadow called out to her, his voice distant. She
could feel his gaze on her, watching in satisfaction as she writhed. He was
enjoying seeing her suffer.

"Julie�" Trig said loudly, squeezing her tightly. "Hold on� the Council will be
here soon."

Shadow glared at him then, anger crossing his features.

"The Council is coming?! Do you really think they can do anything?" Despite his
confident words, Julie detected doubt in his voice.

"Are you so sure they can't?" Trig called back, picking up on the same thing.
Shadow stiffened with rage, and was silent for a long moment.

"I've had enough of this," he suddenly announced. He fixed them with a deadly
stare, his voice as cold as the ice covering the ground.

He intended to finish them.



Despite the comfortable warmth of Simeon's office, Nyssa was unable to sit down
and relax. Deep in thought, she paced the length of the room.

The crash had been entirely unexpected. She assumed that either Julie had done
something whilst she was gone, or Shadow had finally lost it and was trying
everything he could to kill the young girl� or both.

Nyssa wanted desperately to go down stairs and check on Julie and Simeon. She
was almost certain that Trig would ignore her advice and try to escape, taking
Julie to a safer place than here. She hoped they were successful; with Simeon
out of the picture, there was no-one who could really protect Julie.

A loud beep interrupted her thoughts, sounding from Simeon's desk. Nyssa quickly
hurried over, her fingers already reaching for the correct keys.

She almost sighed with relief as the TV sprang to life, lines and symbols
appearing in neat patterns.

Hurriedly she transmitted their location, and then sat back in Simeon's chair.

The Council was here.



Every step Susan took felt like walking on broken glass. The tiny crystals of
ice crunched under her bare feet, which were slowly turning numb with the cold.

She felt sorry for Julie as she fought to keep her pace, remembering when they
had walked together through the snow only the day before. Just a few minutes
outside and her feet were already screaming; Julie had walked for over an hour
without complaining.

She halted suddenly, and looked away from the black figure sprawled in the snow
before her, one hand raised to her mouth.

"Oh," she gasped, fighting revulsion.

The battle still raged in the back of her mind though, urging her onwards.
Trying not to look, she quickly skirted the body and continued down the path
towards the lights.

The pristine whiteness of the snow was disturbed before her; two pairs of ragged
footsteps had torn the frozen ice apart in their haste. Susan's heart leaped
with excitement, and she changed direction to follow their path.

She found it was easier to step in the already made footsteps, and was able to
increase her pace. Her ears picked up the sound of screaming, and she began to
run faster, pushing the pain in her feet from her mind. The cries grew louder as
the light that was Julie got closer�

A black shape burst out from around the trees in front of her, arms outstretched
to catch her. She let out a squeal, and misplaced her foot, sending pain
shooting up her leg as she slammed into him.

"JULIE!" she screamed, gripping the necklace tightly as she struggled against
her captor. "JULIE!!"

His hood had been pulled back, and she saw blood streaming freely from his nose.

"Shut up," he snapped in a nasal voice. Getting a better grip on Susan, he
dragged her towards the gap in the line of trees before them.



Susan's cry cut startlingly through the night, causing Trigs' face to sink in
horror as he recognised her voice. Suddenly torn between helping the two girls,
his grip loosened on Julie.

Julie was silently relieved that Susan turned up when she did, as it caused
Shadow's potentially fatal attack to go awry, saving them both.

She had a split second to steel herself before the agony of her body suddenly
returned. The grip she already had on her skull tightened, and with a supreme
effort, she shut her jaw and swallowed her cries.

Trigs' hold loosened further as she drew her legs up and hugged them close, each
breath a whimper yearning to become a cry of pain. That Shadow was ignoring her
for the time being was a small blessing, as she knew it wouldn't last.

"Julie!" Susan cried out again, as the injured guard dragged her through the
hedge. Julie saw something gold glint in her hand a moment before she clumsily
tried to throw whatever it was.

Julie only got a glimpse of her necklace though, before the guard reached around
and snatched it from Susan's grasp.

"No!" she yelped as he carelessly shoved her forwards, sending Susan face-first
into the ground.

She sat up, coughing and trying to clear her face of the snow that stuck to her.
Trig started towards her as she climbed to her feet, and a moment later she was
desperately trying to retrieve the necklace from the guard.

With a mere thought Shadow batted her away carelessly, his eyes following her as
she fell into Trigs' arms.

"Susan!" he exclaimed, hugging her protectively. The fact that she was here
terrified him into silence, the thought that she might die too much for him.

Trig sat down with Susan and exhaled loudly in relief; having to hold himself
upright sent pain shooting up his spine. Susan sobbed into his arms, knowing
that it was her stupid decisions that had led to Shadow now possessing the
necklace.

"I'm sorry!" she cried, pressing herself against him.

"How touching," Shadow said sarcastically, his lips drawn back in anger. "Thank
you so much for the necklace!"

Without another word his eyes locked onto Julie and he began concentrating,
gathering himself for a last attack. He was amused to know that it was only a
fraction of the power granted by his own necklace, and yet more than enough to
kill.

Through her haze of pain, Julie looked up slowly at Shadow, her bloodshot eyes
making him out as a blur that shone with strength. His lips drew back into a
smile, and he struck.

Julie watched in horror as the air shimmered between them, her entire body
seemingly tingling with the effort he was exerting. Suppressed whimpers escaping
her lips, she raised herself onto her knees and leaned forward to place her
hands on the snow, hoping somehow to at least save Susan and Trig. As she
realised that it was the end for her, something shifted in her head, and the
pain disappeared.

There was a long moment of silence, in which Shadow's smile faded into a look of
confusion.

"What�" he began.

Then Julie looked up, and her violet eyes locked onto his. She smiled.

--

Thanks to redEva and slavelucy for proof-reading

--




Chapter 23 - Fractures



It was almost a hundred years ago when Shadow had been born. He was the product
of genetic engineering experiments which, despite their portrayal as being a
great step forwards, were seen by many as highly controversial.

The experiments were initially a success, and the children gained unheard-of,
and still unclear, abilities. But as the years passed several things began to
emerge. Firstly, the modifications appeared to have given the children an
extended life-span, and this was hailed as an unexpected benefit.

Unfortunately, the same modifications also made them mentally unstable, a
problem that grew worse with age and culminated in a blaze of telekinetic fire
that destroyed the entire facility in which they were living.

A short time later, such research was made illegal and the police began hunting
for the surviving children.

For Shadow, life on the outside was easy. His unique skills made avoiding the
authorities a breeze, giving him the nickname that he quickly he adopted as his
name. And so he rose through the underworld.

Unbeknownst to him, a young budding biochemist by the name of Moira was
assisting in the creation of the first mechanical mind-enhancement device. Drawn
to the feelings of others like him, Shadow came to the lab and discovered the
truth; he was still alone. In a rage he slaughtered most of the research team,
and took the prototype amplifier for himself.

Years later another group of scientists took up their research, and extended it
further. Unlike before, their research was done in secret, and privately funded
by an unknown individual.

Once again, Shadow was drawn to the amplification device, but forewarned by the
previous events, the Scientists managed to prevent him from stealing it. Before
he could attempt again, the whole group of Scientists disappeared overnight,
leaving only a short letter blaming his attack.

It had taken him years to work out where the amplifier had gone. Excited, he had
made arrangements for travel, and discovered an old friend in the area; Moira.
Her own shady past had made her easily bendable to his will, and things had
progressed relatively well� until now.



Shadow's face took on a look of animal hatred as Julie smiled at him, his
remaining shreds of sanity keeping him from simply lashing out wildly. He was
unstable at the best of times, but repeated use of his abilities and Julies'
continued defiance were quickly pushing him over the edge.

He was already gathering power to him self as Julie climbed to her feet. She
took a moment to bend over and brush the snow from her clothes.

"You're just full of surprises," he snarled, his rage at her insolence tearing
the final syllables into growls. Even the cloaked guards, who until now had been
standing close to him, began edging away.

Julie continued to feign ignorance whilst her mind whirled. The strength flowing
through her felt completely natural, as if a part of her had been missing until
now. But the question of what to do with it was making her hesitate.

What if he tried to kill her again, she wondered, her hands pausing in brushing
the powdery white ice from her knees. Could she use the power she felt to
retaliate with the same deadly intention? A part of her believed she could, but
even after everything that had happened, she refused to admit it to herself.

I've killed enough in self-defence, she thought solemnly. No more.

Julie straightened up then, and looked directly at Shadow. There was a moment of
silence, and then he struck, making Julie wince as she reflexively blocked it.

Shadow's glare deepened, and he broke eye-contact for a moment. Around him, the
snow began to move.

Julies' eyes widened as the air began to blow around them, the partially-frozen
water in the pond shifting amidst the thin sheets of ice covering the surface.
The snow was picking up along with the wind, describing a rough circle around
the pond. Julie got a glimpse of Shadow glaring at her before he was obscured by
the snow, which was quickly gathering speed.

The air pulled at her clothes, whistling past and sapping the remaining warmth
from her exposed skin. She shifted stance against the wind, and at that moment
Shadow chose to strike again.

Julie yelped in surprise, bending his attack into harmlessness at the last
minute. She wasn't entirely successful, and nearly lost her balance as the
invisible force pushed suddenly against her soft belly.

A second later he attacked again with equal force, making her whimper as she
failed again to completely block it.

The snow continued to blow past her, and although she could still see the glow
of Shadow's power, the continual motion distracted her eyes, and the cold was
steadily making it hard to concentrate.

Shadow began attacking in earnest, and for the moment she could forget the world
around her and concentrate on defending herself. She could see his anger
mounting as his attacks largely failed, and they began growing rapidly more
powerful.

Her eyes locked on her attacker, Julie couldn't help but see the light of the
necklace he held in his hands. With each attack flung wildly at her, it shone
brighter, and once again her defence began slipping.

Last minute deflection took a lot of concentration, and the snow hadn't lessened
in its circular movement. It was like a miniature cyclone contained within the
walls of the trees around the clearing, and although Julie thought she could
defend herself from the freezing winds, she couldn't afford to lose
concentration.

She crouched down in the snow and put her back to the wind, drawing her ice-cold
hands protectively underneath her coat. This took away the concern of
maintaining her balance, and she found it easier to defend against Shadow.

She didn't notice as the wind died down and the snow slowly settled to the
ground once again. Shadow's guards had left the clearing, and it was empty
except for Julie and Shadow. Trig and Susan had taken shelter amidst the prickly
pine-tree hedge; Trig leaned forward cautiously, shaking snow and loosened
pine-needles from his hair as he surveyed the area.

Shadow still stood in the same spot, the ground around his feet bare of snow.
The ever-present hood he wore had fallen back, exposing an aged face and a head
of black hair that was fast disappearing under the ravages of time. His
confusion at Julies' survival was long gone under a tide of anger, and his
unblinking eyes held only demented fury now. Gripping the necklace hard in both
hands, he began drawing on the full depth of its amplification and hurling it at
Julie.

Ice-cold tears were collecting on Julies' cheeks. His attacks were getting
harder and harder to block, and after such a long day exhaustion was rapidly
creeping into her. Realising that sudden attacks weren't working, Shadow changed
his tactic.

Julies' eyes widened as he began squeezing her once again, putting every bit of
strength he had into it. The tiredness that was seeping into her body began to
affect her concentration, and as it did, the air around her seemed to try and
crush her.

She whimpered and gritted her teeth, trying to keep her heavy eyes open with her
last bit of will. Shadow was excited by her slow weakening, and tried to squeeze
her even harder, his entire body tensing with the effort.

This was the final straw for the necklace. Being pushed to its limits and the
continual pressure of Shadows hands squeezing it were too much for the prototype
device. One of the many smooth, geometrically perfect faces of its outside
cracked.

Although the fracture was completely invisible to the naked eye, it was enough
to disturb the delicate structures inside and completely disable it.

Shadow didn't even have time to notice. In an instant, all the power he was
pushing through the amplifier had nowhere to go, and in one blinding flash of
pain it poured back into him.

Julie didn't move as the pressure ended; still fearing another attack she laid
crouched in the snow, ready. It seemed like minutes before she heard the thud of
Shadow falling to the ground. Still wary, she looked up.

Seeing Shadow lying flat in the snow, she frowned in confusion, not allowing
excitement to enter her thoughts. Cautious, she climbed shakily to her feet and
approached him. When he didn't move, she gave him a prod in the side with her
foot, before stepping back nervously.

Still trying not to explode with relief, Julie turned away from him and stumbled
over to where Trig and Susan were slowly emerging from the trees.

"Julie!" Susan cried, embracing her mistress. Already exhausted, Julie let Susan
carry her to the ground. "What happened?!" she asked anxiously, adrenaline
overriding how cold her extremities were.

"I don't know," Julie replied weakly, shaking her head.

Trig let the girls talk, and staggered over to Shadow. Julie watched nervously
as he inspected their attacker.

"He's unconscious," Trig relayed once he returned.

"I didn't do anything," Julie said weakly, desperately trying to remember what
had happened. The whole thing had been a blur, but she was almost certain she
hadn't attacked him.

Exhausted, Julie laid her head on Susan's shoulder, fighting to keep her eyes
open. Already she could feel the strange ability fading into latency once again,
taking her consciousness with it. She could feel Susan shivering, and put one
hand on her friend's exposed thigh. With her last bit of strength, she sent
warmth flooding down Susan's legs, bringing feeling back to her toes.

Susan stiffened in surprise, and glanced down at Julie. But her eyes were
already closed.



Clutching the warm mug in her hands, Susan looked up appreciatively as Trig
pulled the silver blanket tightly around her shoulders. Looking around the
interior of the shuttle with an expression of awe, she still found it hard to
believe she was really in a space-ship.

The council had arrived soon after Julie had fallen asleep in her arms. Susan
had spent every minute with Julie, her heart heavy with worry. The last few
times Julie had collapsed had made her extremely anxious about anything
happening to her friend.

The doctor had seen to both of the girls soon after, thankfully his examination
was quick and painless, and he had told Susan Julie was sleeping naturally and
merely exhausted. She had allowed Trig to get her to sit down under duress, and
even now she was watching as the Medics approached her friends' stretcher.

Susan watched over the rim of her mug as they picked Julie up and carried her
past. She climbed to her feet, and began searching for somewhere to put the mug
down. She looked back as Trig caught her shoulder.

"They're just taking her to bed," he told her. "Let Nyssa handle it."

"I want to go with her," Susan replied firmly, pulling away from him and nearly
spilling the contents of the mug all over her self.

Sighing, Trig climbed slowly to his feet, and with Susan's help he followed the
medics as they made their way across the frozen ground and up the steps to the
house.

Susan paused in the doorway and took a quick sip from the mug she still held.
Passing it to one hand, she checked for the hundredth time that Julies' necklace
still hung safely around her neck. She had retrieved it from the snow where the
guard had carelessly dropped it, and although most of the guards had been
captured and there was no sign of Shadow waking up any time soon, she wasn't
taking any chances.

Feeling her hand beginning to shake with the weight of the mug, she hastily let
go of the necklace before her tired fingers slipped and returned her other hand
to its warm, ceramic outside. Dreaming of a soft, comfy bed, she hurried after
Julie.

--

Thanks to redEva and slavelucy for proof-reading

--




Chapter 24 - Lock and Key



Naked underneath the dark purple silk gown tied tightly around her body, and
feeling extremely self-conscious about the way it was clinging to her curves,
Julie made her way to the dining room. It was past noon the next day, and since
she hadn't eaten since breakfast the morning before, she was ravenous.

The maids were already hurrying to prepare food for her. Since Simeon had called
them to work again they had been waiting hand and foot on Julie from the moment
she stepped out of bed, over-attentive to the point of irritation. They had
begun discussing how to neaten up her hastily cut hair, and Julie was fairly
certain they would have gotten out a pair of scissors and started trimming if
she hadn't shooed them away to take her bath in peace.

She knew exactly what they wanted from her though; although they hadn't said
anything, she could see it in the way they walked around her, legs slightly
spread so as not to disturb the piercings they so desperately wanted removed.

Pushing aside thoughts of the maids, Julie sat down at the dining room table. A
moment later one of the maids rushed over to set a plate of pancakes down in the
middle of the table. Eagerly, Julie picked up her fork, already leaning forwards
to transport them to her plate.

The first lot disappeared quickly, barely touching her hunger. Waiting for the
next set to be cooked, Julie stared at the empty plate in front of her and
experimentally willed it to move. She knew she could have done it last night,
but she might as well have been asking it politely for all that happened. She
sighed, not entirely unhappily.

A part of her hoped that particular ability stayed locked; she didn't want to
end up like Shadow. As she thought back to the moment when his attacks ceased,
she became increasingly certain that something had happened to the necklace and
that it had done more than just knock him out. She didn't doubt he would
eventually wake up, but his abilities would be useless.

The maid returned with another plate, and hunger quickly drove away Julies'
thoughts. She was slightly surprised by how much food she had consumed already,
but she didn't slow down in her mission to eat every last bit.

She felt someone enter the room, but didn't look up, intent on getting the last
slice from her plate onto the fork. Eventually succeeding, she raised it to her
lips and pushed it in greedily without finishing the current mouthful.

Blushing slightly as she now tried to chew, she looked up to greet the newcomer.

She gasped, and almost choked on the pancake at the figure standing at the
opposite end of the table, arms tucked into his pockets. Even though her view
had been blurred at the time... it was HIM! Her rescuer!

"Julie," he said softly, staring at her with an almost loving expression. Her
violet eyes widened further, and she began furiously trying to chew the pancake.
She had no doubt it was him now that she had heard him speak.

"Mm-mph!" she moaned with her mouth full, both hands gripping the edge of the
table as she cursed herself for being in such a hurry to eat. It was tempting to
just spit it out, but she wanted to keep what dignity she had left.

His dark red eyes moved slowly over her face, taking in her features with a hint
of a smile on his lips. Her blush deepened quickly as she began swallowing, eyes
locked with his. Now that she could look at him up close, his face seemed
familiar to her, as if she had seen him many times before and passed him by.

Julie had almost finished when he pulled one hand out of his pocket and placed
something on the table, a flat, translucent blue object. She noticed his fingers
were long and slender, much like her own

"I'm sorry," he said softly to her, and then turned around and began walking
towards the doorway.

"Ah!" she exclaimed, abandoning chewing and simply swallowing the last of the
pancake. "Wait!"

Coughing, Julie sprung from her chair and dashed around the table as he stepped
through the doorway.

There was a few seconds whilst he was out of her view around the corner, and
when she made it to the hall, he was gone.

She stared in astonishment at his disappearance, for a moment completely
ignoring the familiar-looking girl standing in front of her. By the time Julie
recovered, the girl had her arms wrapped around her body.

"Julie!" the girl exclaimed, tightening her embrace. "It's so good to see you!"

"Hello, Bethany!" Julie replied a little uncertainly, returning the hug.

Beth's arms relaxed after a few seconds, and she stepped back from Julie,
smiling widely. Her clothes hung loosely on her, several sizes too big, and she
was wearing a hat. It took Julie a second to realise that the cap was hiding the
fact she was missing her hair.

"Where..." Julie began in confusion.

"You wouldn't believe what's been going on," Beth said quickly, cutting off
Julie. "Last night, this guy Seth came and rescued me, who..."

"Rescued you?" Julie interrupted in surprise. "Rescued from where?"

Beth faltered in her rapid speech, and for a moment her smile slipped, revealing
the terrified girl underneath. Before Julie could start to look concerned
however, her smile returned and she continued chattering, as if nothing had
happened.

"Anyway, he was really nice; and kinda cute, too..." she paused to wink at
Julie. "Perhaps a little old; but he had this arm thing... and he could make
holes in the air with it!" She swung her arms around to inscribe a rough circle
between them. "It was really cool! He even showed me the machines that were
doing it; it was like a room full of the insides of a car! He was just like a
guy trying to explain how his car works..." She found this funny, and started
giggling.

Julie had almost stopped listening after she had described the "holes in the
air". If Seth, her rescuer, was getting around using those portals... that
explained his quick departures. But how did he keep finding her?

She raised one hand to her breast, touching her necklace that lay underneath the
soft silk. Was her rescuer using it to follow her? It had been sitting back on
her bedside table that morning; she assumed Susan had returned it after
yesterday.

"Julie?" Beth queried uncertainly, giving her a gentle push in the shoulder.
Julie blinked, her thoughts interrupted.

"What is it?" she asked, adjusting her gown. She was beginning to regret
choosing it; not only did it make her feel naked, but felt like it was going to
slide off her at any moment, and then she really would be!

"I asked, 'Is there any food?'" Beth repeated, hiding a grin.

"Oh... um... yeah, of course," Julie replied, stepping back through the doorway
and pointing to the table.

"Excellent!" Beth exclaimed, hurrying over and pulling out a chair. She began
stealing what remained of the pancakes in the middle of the table.

Julie sighed softly and leant against the doorframe.

"Who on earth is she?" came a hushed question from behind her. Julie squeaked in
surprise, and whirled to find Nyssa standing in the doorway, half a dozen guards
that she had never seen before standing in a neat formation behind her.
Outwardly they appeared bored, but their appearance belied the sharpness of
their eyes, and the way they held their weapons for readiness in a moment.

"Err..." Julie stammered in response, unsettled by the armed guards. "She's from
the orphanage."

Continuing to stare at the guards, Julie found herself unconsciously adjusting
her gown again. The fabric was rubbing against her nipples, and she had a
horrible feeling that they were clearly visible through the silk.

"How did she get here then?" Nyssa asked, scanning the room for anyone else.
"Shouldn't she be with everyone else?"

Julie was hesitant about turning away from the guards, and settled with standing
side-on to them.

"Someone came and rescued her... Seth, I think his name was."

"...Seth?" Nyssa said flatly, fixing Julie with a piercing gaze.

"Yeah, he was um... making holes in the air."

"You saw him? Was he a tall guy, black hair, dark eyes?" Nyssa asked intensely,
maintaining her gaze.

"Yeah, I think so... you know him?" Julie was suddenly excited, and for a moment
forgot about her gown. "Who is he?!"

Nyssa shook her head. "If he wants to tell you, then it's up to him."

Julie was silent for a long moment, staring at Nyssa in surprise.

"You do know who he is!" Her voice bordered on anger now. "Why won't you tell
me?"

Instead of replying, Nyssa strode over to the table and picked up the object
Seth had left behind. She turned it over in her hands a few times, and then
turned to look at Julie in amazement.

"He left you this?!" she asked incredulously. Julies' frown deepened.

"Are you going to tell me what it is, or is that up to him also?"

Nyssa grimaced, but held it out to Julie. It was the size of her palm, and its
surface glinted in the light from above, barely visible lines tracing through
the translucent blue body

"It's a key."

"He left his car keys?" Julie asked sarcastically. Nyssa's face clouded over
with anger, and with a visible effort she calmed herself.

"No, you stupid girl, it's the access key to a ship."

Julie was silent for a long moment. "You don't mean a boat, do you," she stated,
staring at the key being offered to her. As if it was suddenly very fragile, she
took it from Nyssa, and began turning it over in her hands.

"You know why he's giving it to me," Julie said, her voice slightly accusing.
Nyssa nodded in confirmation.

"It's not my place to tell you though." She looked at Julie sympathetically for
a second. "Maybe you should look in that box of yours."

"You went through my box?!" Julie exclaimed, her face heating. Nyssa laughed at
her expression.

"For us, acknowledging you as a mistress makes me like your mother. So yes, I
went through your box."

Julie looked astonished at this news, her anger forgotten.

"But... no-one told me that!" Julie stammered. "You can't just... adopt me
without telling!"

"Normally you would have known about it beforehand," Nyssa replied with a grin.
"That's one of the reasons I came here, to help you."

Her smile faded as she remembered how much it had cost, and she felt her eyes
grow moist. She shook her head slightly, and smiled again.

There will be time for that later, she told herself firmly.

"Anyway... I'll leave you two girls to eat." Nyssa leant forward and gave Julie
a quick kiss on the cheek, before turning and walking out of the room.

The guards lingered a moment afterwards, and Julie noticed they were watching
her. She turned away quickly and felt air blow across her chest. Her gown had
loosened, and she had been giving them an eyeful of soft, pink cleavage the
whole time, her necklace clearly nestled in the middle.

Her face turned bright red as she adjusted the gown, and she was glad she had
her back to them to hide her shame.



Gripping the traitorous gown tightly to keep it from falling off her shoulders,
Julie hurried back to her room. Bethany had mumbled something unintelligible in
reply when Julie had told her she was going to get dressed; which was only half
true.

She pulled her door open, and then shut it tightly behind her. As she put the
square key down on the bedside-table, she noticed that the monitoring device,
along with its attached electrodes that she had found stuck all over her when
she woke up, was gone. She remembered tugging them off angrily, imagining the
doctor would have had a great time sticking the little white objects onto her
bare skin.

Julie glanced sadly at Kate sleeping soundly at the foot of her bed, her chest
rising and falling regularly. She looked so content underneath the blankets.

The gown fell from Julies' shoulders and slid down her body with a sigh, ending
up as a pile around her feet. She quivered as it ran across her nipples, and was
temped to put it on again, just so she could feel its caress again.

Instead she used her foot to flick it to the far side of her bed to remove the
temptation, before heading over to the wardrobe to find something else to wear.

Pulling the doors open, she began looking through its contents. As she leaned
forwards, the powerful scent of rubber reached her nostrils. She turned
suddenly, and came face to face with the rubber suit.

She let out a squeak, and jumped back from it, her eyes wide. The maids had
placed the separate parts on a set of coat hangers, and they were hanging on the
inside of the door.

The smell made her terribly aroused, and she wanted so badly to touch the
suit... to feel it... to wear it. With an angry shake of her head, she stepped
back again, so she could no longer smell it.

Julie knew that she couldn't stay naked all day just because she was afraid of
going near the wardrobe. Steeling herself, she dashed forwards and grabbed an
armful of clothes at random.

She returned quickly to the bed, and as she put down the pile, she began
giggling nervously. She knew it was Moira's fault she was like this, but she
felt so silly to be afraid of a smell. Still giggling, she began sorting through
the pile for clothes that would be suitable. She found a few shirts... a pair of
pants... She let out a squeal, and recoiled from the pile.

"Damn it!" she cursed, staring at the translucent yellow pair of panties sitting
on the top of the pile with an expression of horrified fascination. She didn't
have to look hard to see the twin plugs attached to the inside, and coiled
around them, the snake-like tube that had been buried deep in her behind.

She let out a whimper, even as she stepped forward and picked them up.

"Maybe if I just wear these..." she wondered aloud, and before she knew it she
was in the bathroom and applying lubricant to the plugs. She was happy to find
the catheter could be removed, but she paused when she realised the tube
couldn't be removed from the butt-plug. She was nervous, but the thought that
she would have to put it in to wear the panties and the feeling of the rubber in
her fingers drove her to begin lubricating the tube.

After a quick check to ensure the bathroom doors were both properly closed, she
slid her feet into the panties. She was visibly shaking with excitement as she
pulled them up her legs, the dildos bumping limply against her.

She squatted down and found the end of the slippery tube. She had never touched
the tight, pink hole except to wash herself, and she found it incredibly
arousing to think of what she was about to put in there.

Placing the tip of the tube against her anus, she began pushing. Her fingers
kept slipping, and it took a few attempts before the tip went in. She let out a
soft gasp as it did, and she had to wait a moment before continuing.

It took her a long time to work it in, and she had to pause numerous times as
the end felt like it was stuck. Her rear ached from all the times her fingers
had slipped, and she knew that the plug was yet to come.

Pulling the panties up further, Julie wrapped her fingers around the dildo and
aligned its tip with her hairless sex. She shifted position, placing the base of
the dildo against the cold floor, and felt her muscles clench in anticipation.
With her other hand holding the butt-plug, she began lowering herself onto them.

"Ah!" she gasped loudly as she felt the hard rubber tip push into her. At the
same time, the plug in her rear began pushing inwards, widening rapidly as she
moved down.

It seemed like forever before she felt her buttocks hit the floor. She was
breathing heavily, and she knew that the wetness in her sex wasn't all the
lubricant she had used. Taking the waistband firmly, she pulled them up fully,
and then stood up.

"Oh!" she moaned, having forgotten what they felt like. She took a few steps,
and had to lean against the sink as she almost climaxed, catching the jar of
lubricant before she knocked it off.

Feeling a little unsteady, Julie opened the bathroom door and made her way to
the wardrobe. Her resistance to the scent of the rubber already low, she found
herself rolling the rubber stockings up her legs. It was difficult without
lubricant, but the jar sitting on the floor was getting low and she didn't want
to waste any more of it.

The inside of the rubber panties was getting very slick by the time she began
pulling on the body piece. A part of her was frightened that she couldn't seem
to stop herself, watching silently as she slid it down and let her naked breasts
pop into their cups.

With her fingers she sealed the stockings and top with the panties, forming a
smooth, unbroken piece of rubber. Craving the feeling of it gripping her waist,
she reached up behind her and tried pulling it tighter.

"How did she do it?" Julie asked herself, her arms straining. She tried higher
up, and was surprised to find that when she pulled it together, the rubber
seemed to stick together.

"Thank you technology," Julie muttered softly, working it tighter. By the time
she was finished, her arms were aching, and she could feel her juices beginning
to run down the inside of the suit.

The rubber arms came last; she left off the gloves as the webbed fingers would
impede her.

After selecting some clothes she planned to wear over the suit, Julie sat down
on the bed, a moan escaping her lips as the plugs pressed deeper into her.
Leaning over to pick up the box was too much for her, and she jumped back to lie
flat on the bed, one hand sliding down to unseal her panties.

She was slightly surprised by how wet she was inside the rubber as her fingers
found her clit. A second later she was furiously frigging herself to a powerful
orgasm, biting her lip hard to stop herself from moaning loudly.

She lay still for a minute, her face heating as she realised what she had done.
The feeling of the rubber encasing her body no longer made her want to squeal
with pleasure, but she was still aware of it, and thinking about it made her
clit tingle.

"Concentrate," she told herself firmly, sitting up and bringing the box towards
her to open it.

She pulled out the chastity belt, and studied it closely. The intricate thorns
and flowers design looked no different to when she had looked at it last, and
she couldn't see anything that might explain what Nyssa had said.

A little frustrated, she put it down beside her and pulled out the matching
collar. The design was similar, but she thought it looked less scary than the
one on the belt; more flowers. Again, there was nothing unusual, and she put it
aside.

The cuffs and the cone-shaped clamps were again similar, transparent and covered
in the purple thorns. Apart from having fewer flowers mixed into the design,
there was nothing special she could find.

Gritting her teeth, Julie opened the flat box sitting inside the larger, and
glanced at the dildos inside. She picked the longest one out, and was surprised
to discover that not only was its surface covered in tiny bumps, but it rattled!
Her eyes widened as she shook it, watching the shiny little balls inside move
and imagining what it would feel like inside her.

She replaced it, and quickly checked the remaining plugs for anything
interesting. Apart from finding that all the butt plugs were hollow for enemas
and that several more also rattled, there was nothing. She even checked
underneath the box, but the only thing there was the set of keys.

Disappointed, she retrieved the chastity belt and began studying it closely.
What had Nyssa meant?!

She studied the designs, the inside of the belt, and even the intricate gold
mechanisms. In frustration, she closed the two halves of the belt shut.

Her jaw fell open as she saw it then. It had been invisible when the front and
back had been separated, and the design was part of the lock, so it completely
disappeared within the mechanism when not closed. Highlighted in black, was a
familiar symbol.

She lifted her shirt to confirm it, comparing the symbol on the belt with the
marking above her belly. They were identical.

"How..." she stammered, trying to work out how her mark had appeared on the
belt. If it's a family marking, she began thinking...

 "Julie!" Susan cried out happily from the doorway, and ran forward. "I heard
you were awake, and..."

She stopped with a choking sound, her blue eyes fixed on the belt in Julies'
hands. The fact that Julie was wearing the latex suit again didn't seem to
register.

"Where..." she managed, and glanced from the belt to the box and back again.

Julie saw her move her legs closer together, and couldn't help the grin that
spread across her lips. She decided right then that Susan would not be leaving
this room without wearing the belt and collar.

"Come have a look," Julie said smoothly, one hand pulling the box closer to hide
the collar and cuffs sitting beside her on the bed.

Susan didn't notice though, her eyes fixed on the chastity belt. Slowly she took
a step forwards, and then another.

"It won't bite," Julie said gently as Susan hesitated. Susan's eyes flickered
momentarily to Julies', and she smiled nervously.

It took her almost a minute to work her way to the bed and sit down. Julie
offered her the belt, and when she didn't take it, placed it in her lap.

"It's beautiful," Susan whispered, blushing softly but seemingly unwilling to
pick it up.

Julie was beginning to get impatient when she eventually worked up the courage
to touch it. She turned it over a few times in her hands, before suddenly
putting it down beside her.

"I don't want to wear one of those things again," Susan said quickly, her
breathing rapid. She made to sit up.

"Give me your hand," Julie said, pouring every ounce of concern she had into her
words. Susan blinked, and raised one arm, palm up.

"What?"

"Give me your hand," Julie repeated, staring at Susan's delicate fingers.
Uncertainly, Susan extended her hand further.

Trying to appear casual, Julie reached up to catch Susan's wrist, whilst sliding
her free hand underneath the box. Her fingers looped around the cuffs hidden
there, checking they were unlocked.

"What?" Susan asked a little worriedly, leaning forward to look closer.

In one smooth movement, Julie removed her hand from underneath the box, one cuff
open and waiting. Susan didn't even get to pull away as she snapped it around
her wrist, locking with a click.

"Julie!!!" Susan squealed loudly, the chastity belt falling off the bed as she
leapt forwards.

She was pulled short by Julies' firm grip on the other cuff, and before she knew
it Julie was standing behind her and locking the other cuff around her opposite
wrist.

"Julie..." Susan stammered fearfully. "W...What are you doing?" Julie reached
down beside her and picked up the chastity belt.

"You... you're not going to..." Susan squeaked. "Please Mistress... I don't want
to wear it!"

"Oh?" Julie exclaimed. "What's wrong with my belt, Susan?" She retrieved the key
from the bed and unlocked the belt.

"N...Nothing..." Susan said quickly, and then looked down at the floor, her face
heating. "It's just... it... it..."

She trailed off as Julie put a hand around her waist and pulled her over to the
bed. She visibly relaxed when Julie placed the belt on top of the box.

"It what...?" Julie prompted her.

Susan whimpered, and stared down at her feet.

"It makes me... turn into a slut!"

"Susan..." Julie said gently, leaning close. "Did you have fun after the first
belt was removed?"

Susan nodded once.

"And was it the belt that made you so horny?"

There was a slight pause before she nodded again.

"Don't you want to feel like that again?"

"I don't want to be a slut though!" Susan exclaimed "I... I... I'm not like
that!"

"Don't be silly," Julie told her gently. "You can be Trigs' little slut; that's
not bad is it? You, waiting for him to come home every day to unlock you, naked
except for your collar, the belt, and cuffs around your wrists..."

Susan whimpered loudly, and squeezed her legs together slightly.

"I... I guess..." she stammered, not realising that Julie had included a collar
in that list.

Placing one hand on Susan's back, Julie pushed her into a standing position, and
then crouched down and reached for her jeans. Susan whimpered again, but didn't
resist as the blue denim pants were unzipped and pulled down.

"Still wearing the plug?" Julie asked, taking hold of Susan's plain white
panties.

"Yes," she heard the nervous girl breathe.

Susan's panties slid down easily, and Julie found herself smiling in amusement
that Susan had chosen to wear a g-string. Susan, sensing her Mistress's
emotions, let out another whimper of shame.

"Turn around," Julie told her gently.

With one hand encouragingly on Susan's back she made her bend over, displaying
the black shield of the butt plug nestled between her cheeks. Taking a firm
grip, she pulled on it.

"OH!" Susan gasped, unsure whether to cry from the stretching or cum at the
feeling of it moving within her.

With a slurp the plug came free, leaving her anus unsure whether to contract or
brace itself for more intrusion. Susan shivered at the gaping sensation, and
made to straighten.

"Stay," Julie said firmly, keeping one hand on Susan's back as she reached
underneath her to cup Susan's sex.

The young red-head moaned pitifully as Julie put her fingers to work, quickly
coaxing Susan's clit from within its hood. As Susan whined and tried to avoid
the hand on her tip toes, Julie stared at the symbol on Susan's belly, marking
her as property. She had been nervous about owning Susan, but the idea was
growing on her.

Susan sighed unhappily as her mistress withdrew her fingers and reached for the
jar of lubricant left on the floor.

"Why do you need that?" Susan asked apprehensively. "There's no..." She trailed
off as Julie pulled the box of dildos out and began looking through them.

"Do you have to put those in?" she whined, torn between running away and staying
put as she was told.

"I don't have to," Julie replied, selecting the smallest rattling dildo and a
plug slightly larger than the one Susan had been wearing before. "But I want
to!"

Susan eyed them nervously, wringing her fingers behind her back and pulling on
the cuffs in apprehension. She watched as Julie attached them to the belt and
then began coating them in lubricant.

Julie took a moment to work out how to close the pins that would soon pierce
Susan's labia, discovering in the process that in closing them, a few
centimetres long metal tube emerged from within the belt. Julie quivered
excitedly at imagining its purpose, pulling the belt wide apart and placing it
between Susan's legs.

"No," Susan said suddenly, and straightened up. She stepped away from Julie and
began to head quickly towards the door.

"Susan, come here," Julie snapped firmly, watching as she stiffened. "Come
here," she repeated.

Susan began crying softly as she returned, compelled by Julies' voice.

"Bend over," she commanded, raising the belt.

Susan obediently bent over, exposing herself to Julie. Holding the belt in her
hands, Julie lined up the transparent, glistening plugs and began pushing them
in.

"Please!" Susan whined, even as she spread her legs to allow easier access. Her
anus accepted the plug with only a little pushing, and a moment later the belt
was sitting snugly against Susan's body.

Julie pulled it back a bit, her fingers pushing Susan's labia into position.
This time they slid neatly into position, clearly visible in their transparent
prison, the pins aligned almost perfectly with each neat piercing.

"Stay still," Julie said, closing the belt and tightening it, the interlocking
segments sliding inside one another with little clicking noises. Taking the key
in her fingers, she pushed it into the lock over Susan's sex. As she began
twisting it, the pins slid from their recesses and began to push home.

"Julie..." Susan said nervously, trying to see what was happening. "It's...
grabbing my lips!"

Satisfied that the pins were good, she quickly twisted the key the full way and
pulled it out.

Susan squealed like a pig and sprung away from Julie onto the bed, grabbing at
the belt.

"What did you DO?" she cried, looking down at her imprisoned sex. The gold pins
were clearly visible intersecting her spread lips, in their midst the metal rod
in her urethra was just as clear, and protruding clearly above it all, the skin
around it pushed back and isolated, was her engorged clit.



--

Thanks to red Eva and slave Lucy for proof-reading

--




Chapter 25 - Is a friend indeed



Julie climbed up onto the bed after Susan, slowly approaching her speechless
friend and pet. She was sitting with her back against the wall, legs were spread
wide and staring at the belt seated firmly between them with a shocked
expression on her face.

"Does it hurt?" Julie asked concernedly, resting on all fours. Breathing
rapidly, Susan took a long moment before she shook her head.

"It's... it's in the piercings!" she said breathlessly, arching her back and
reaching underneath herself. She probed at the belt with her fingers, straining
against the cuffs to try and touch herself. She whimpered loudly as the belt
defeated her.

"Even if I could get my fingers underneath... I can't touch myself... and my
clit... when you locked it, it grabbed at my clit... and now it's trapped...
it's tight around my clit... like a collar!"

Fascinated, Julie leant forward to peer at the front of the belt. Inserting the
key, she turned it backwards, until Susan's clit was free once again. Her friend
moaned in relief, but Julie only turned it back again, watching carefully.

As the key moved, the mechanisms around her clit began to work, curved pieces of
metal rotating out and pulling her pierced hood back. As they exposed her fully
erect clit, two semi-circular pieces began sliding up from below, closing around
the base of her sensitive organ to form a smooth collar.

The final turning of the key sent a bar pushing through the piercing in Susan's
hood, which served to pull it back further.

"You sure it doesn't hurt?" Julie asked, watching as Susan's clit pulsed with
arousal.

"It's uncomfortable..." she admitted. "It pulls the hood back... and holds my
clit..." She took hold of the belt from behind and wriggled it around, trying to
rub herself with it. There was a series of soft clicks, and Susan felt the belt
tighten around her, making it harder to move.

"Oh no," she cried, and looked pleadingly at Julie. "Please, let me cum! I'm so
horny, and seeing my clit like that... please!"

Julie shook her head, so Susan shuffled forwards, planning to beg. Instead her
mouth opened in horror and she fell forwards onto her shoulders, red hair
covering her face.

"It vibrates," she squeaked, her voice muffled by the blankets. She gave her
raised hips an experimental shake and let out another involuntary squeal as the
dildo shook within her.

"Don't worry about being able to cum," Julie told her in a pleased tone. "I bet
you'll cum lots, but your poor clit will get no attention at all."

She leaned down close to Susan, who was making choking sounds.

"You'll get very good at oral sex, hoping that Trig will unlock and play with
you; maybe in your pussy, or in your ass!"

"Julie..." Susan squeaked excitedly, sitting up and revelling in the way the
dildo vibrated.

She still couldn't believe that this was really happening; that her friend of
only three days was next to her wearing a tight fitting rubber suit, holding the
key to the chastity belt locked around her waist and telling her how she was
going to suck cock so she could be allowed to cum. Last week she would have
thought anyone who had told her that was crazy, and yet here she was.

"Do you want me to take the belt off now?" Julie asked suddenly. "If you want
to, I will, and you'll never see it again."

Susan shook her head quickly, hair waving from side to side. Her cheeks flushed
with shame, as she realised she really did want to stay locked in the belt.

Julie smiled at her response, and turned around to retrieve the transparent
collar from underneath the box. Susan swallowed hard seeing it, having only been
freed from her previous collar last night.

As Julie brought it closer, she obediently raised her head, exposing her neck.
She shivered as it closed around her, the lock clicking audibly. The feel of
Julies' soft hands on her neck as she adjusted the collar made her smile with
happiness.

"Thank you," Susan said softly.

Julie watched in mild curiosity as she shuffled forwards, but her intention
quickly became clear as she leant down to try and nuzzle at Julies' crotch.
Frustrated by having her hands cuffed behind her back, she looked up pleadingly,
her blue eyes full of nervous lust. Julie smiled, and reached behind to remove
the restraints.

Once Susan's arms were free she began eagerly unsealing the panties. She brought
her face in close and breathed deeply through her nose, drawing in the scent of
her Mistress mixed with rubber. Fingers on the waistband, she began pulling the
panties down.

She glanced up at Julie in surprise as she uncovered the plugs attached to their
inside. Her small fingers slid easily between the panties and Julie, and a
moment later she had the butt-plug detached. She pulled the panties down,
drawing the still connected dildo from Julies' sex, and placed the slippery
garment aside lovingly.

She pouted as Julie cuffed her hands again, forcing her to use nothing but her
mouth. Spreading her legs wider, Julie watched as Susan tentatively leant
forward and began licking, her tongue slowly rubbing up and down.

Susan glanced up once as Julie placed one hand on the back of her head, but
closed her eyes quickly, concentrating on the task before her.

Julie gave me these wonderful things, Susan was thinking. I should thank her
like a good slave.

She heard Julie moan and duly increased her pace, sucking on her Mistresses clit
and working her tongue over the tip.

Susan shrugged her shoulders, feeling the collar around her neck. She thought of
the mark on her belly, and wriggled her hips to awaken the dildo inside her.

Her tongue swirled around Julies' clit, before delving downwards to probe at the
slick entrance below. Julies' muscles clenched around the tip of her tongue, and
she giggled inwardly, feeling so fulfilled.

I have Julies' mark on my belly, Susan thought excitedly as her tongue returned
to Julies' throbbing clit. I'm wearing her collar, and I have her belt around my
waist!

She continued wriggling her hips, nearing her own orgasm. She could hear Julie
breathing heavily, and the hand on the back of her head was pushing insistently.

Her cuffs are holding my arms back, she cried excitedly in her head, swinging
her hips around in the air. She was so close!

Julie thrust her hips up and ground Susan's face into her sex as she came,
flooding her friends mouth with juices. Susan eagerly lapped it all up,
swallowing hungrily.

I'm sucking on my Mistress's pussy! The final thought was enough, and Susan came
hard, squealing between Julies' legs and thrusting her hips back to keep the
dildo vibrating.

Her entire body quivering, she reluctantly raised her head. Not looking at
Julie, she took the rubber panties and raised the dildo to her mouth.

"Susan..." Julie panted, watching as she proceeded to push the dildo its full
length down her throat. Her eyes were wide, and she was fighting not to gag, but
she withdrew it slowly, and with a wide smile on her face, pulled Julies' legs
through the holes and drew the panties up. The dildo slid easily into Julie, and
Susan carefully sealed the suit once again.

She wriggled up to lie next to Julie, and rested her head contentedly in the
crook of her Mistress's arm.

"I'm not a lesbian," Susan whispered after a minute, her blue eyes staring up at
Julie. "I don't think I'm bi either; I could never do that with any other girl."
She giggled softly. "I was so scared about being owned a few days ago... and now
look at me!" She blushed, but didn't look away.

Julie laughed herself, drawing her into a rough cuddle.

"Yeah, you little teen slave-slut!" she accused playfully, her fingers working
across Susan's belly. She squealed in surprise and twisted in Julies' grasp,
pulling at the cuffs behind her back as she tried to protect herself.

"Stop!" she cried between laughter, kicking her legs helplessly. "It's
vibrating! Julie-e-ah...!"

Susan let out a yelp as she rolled off the bed, but as she felt Julie moving to
follow her, she scrabbled to her feet and hurried across the room.

"Oh!" she groaned as the plug shook within her, sending waves of pleasure
through her over-sexed body. Her clit throbbed in its prison, unable to gain
relief.

She stopped by the wardrobe and turned to watch Julie with a wary grin,
red-faced and panting.

"Come back here!" Julie called after her, sitting cross-legged on the bed. Susan
took a hasty step back, and her face lit up with surprise.

"I can't walk in this!" she exclaimed, looking up at Julie with a pleading look.
"Can't you use another plug... one that doesn't vibrate with every move?!"

"I quite like the current one," Julie told her with a smirk, and then she
stiffened suddenly. "...Kate?" she whispered, turning to the sound of barely
audible whimpering.

Her earlier playfulness gone, Julie climbed off and knelt down at the foot of
the bed beside the gently shaking pile of blankets. She pushed them back,
uncovering her naked friend shaking with crying. Julie undid Kates' cuffs,
causing her to immediately curl into a protective ball. Wrapping Kate in the
blanket again, she put her arms around her and lifted her into the air like a
baby.

Susan stared in amazement as the older girl easily carried Kate, setting her
down gently on the bed. She had felt how strong Moira could be, but seeing Julie
do it made her remember her friend wasn't like everyone else.

As if that's not obvious, Susan thought to herself, her eyes drawn to the
translucent rubber hugging the curves of Julies' behind as she crawled onto the
bed. Trying not to disturb the dildo too much, she began making her slow way
back across the room.

"You okay?" Susan asked, trying to keep her voice level.

"Yeah," Julie replied softly, sitting amidst the pillows and holding the quietly
sobbing Kate to her chest.

The naked girl's fingers were exploring the cup over Julies' nearest breast, and
as Susan watched, Julie removed the stiff shield. Kates' fingers immediately
closed around the soft flesh and she leant forwards, her sobbing silenced as she
closed her mouth over the bared nipple.

"What are you doing?!" Susan asked incredulously. Julie didn't look up from
watching Kate.

"Moira trained her to need to suck," she explained. "This is what she wanted
when she was crying last night."

"So you just offer her a nipple?!" Susan exclaimed, standing beside the bed.
Julie looked up then, and for the first time she looked angry with her.

"What else do you think I should do?" she snapped. "Give her a fucking dummy?!"

Susan stared in shock, and tears immediately began forming in her eyes.

Julies' anger disappeared as fast as it had come, and she looked down guiltily.

"I'm sorry," she said softly. "I... I don't know what to do though. Nyssa said
she came to help me, but she's busy all the time... and who knows where Simeon's
gone! I expected he would be waiting for when I woke up, perhaps to explain what
on earth happened to me last night. Instead I get given another expensive gift
by my secret admirer and then left alone to fit all the pieces together."

She looked up at Susan, and gave her a weak smile.

"I... I just thought close contact with Kate might help her recover from her...
training."

Susan stared back at her through tear-filled eyes, and after a second she
nodded, making a small grunt in acknowledgement. Julie watched silently as Susan
crawled across the bed to sit by her, letting her head rest against Julies'
shoulder.

The room was quiet for a few minutes, broken only by Kates' suckling and the
jingle of Julies' keys as she unlocked Susan's cuffs. She sat quietly, massaging
her wrists as she watched Julie rest her head against the wall behind her.

"We're going to have to go back to the orphanage," Susan said suddenly, her
voice sad.

"Mm," Julie mumbled in reply, staring up at the ceiling.

"Can you imagine anyone listening to the Headmistress now?" Susan asked, and
giggled softly. Julie chuckled quietly in response, but Susan could tell it was
slightly forced.

"What is it?" she asked, lifting her head to look up at the taller girl. Julie
continued to stare upwards for a long time, the only movement her fingers on the
back of Kates' neck.

"My eyes," she said in an almost whisper. "With Nyssa here, it won't be long
before they work out that I'm not like everyone else."

"There's nothing wrong with you," Susan said comfortingly, disturbed by Julies'
mood.

"You of all people should know what it's like to be different," Julie said,
glancing down briefly.

Susan was silent, remembering the merciless teasing she had received for being
the only red-head at the orphanage.

"Do you think they'll accept that I'm actually an alien with weird abilities?
Some of them saw the portal, and they'll work it out eventually, especially with
Nyssa to compare me to. She's got eyes like me..."

She resumed staring silently up at the roof, and a moment later Kate raised her
head and whimpered.

"What's the matter?" Julie asked gently, in an instant looking down at her
friend and cradling her head.

Kate looked up at Julie, her eyelids twitching as if she had trouble focusing.

"J...Julie?" she managed, looking confused by her position.

"Kate," Julie choked. "Are... are you alright?"

Kate's eyes glazed over, her brow creasing in thought.

"I went... to b... bed... after that ex... exam... then..." she trailed off, and
let out a whimper. "Then...there was d...darkness," she said, her voice full of
fear. "And then pain... and heat... thirsty..."

Kate whimpered in terror, and leant forwards to try and reach the bare nipple
before her. Julie's face contorted with pity as she held her away. Kate
whimpered and struggled weakly for a moment before relaxing and looking up at
Julie again.

"W...What's going on?" she asked, her eyes wide with fear and confusion.

"It's okay," Julie said, blinking back tears. "You're safe now."

Kate smiled weakly, and closed her eyes again. A few seconds later her mouth
opened slightly, and Julie felt her fingers squeezing her breast again.

She pushed Kate away, and crawled to the other end of the bed. Immediately Kate
curled into a ball and began sobbing.

"Where are you going?" Susan asked in surprise and concern.

"To the bathroom," Julie replied, fitting the cup back over her breast.

"What about Kate?!" she exclaimed. Julie climbed off the bed, and ran hurriedly
to the bathroom.

"You have breasts," Julie called after her, her voice cracking. The door shut
with a thud behind her.

Susan glanced from Kate to the closed door and back again, moaning with
indecision.

Putting her arm around Kate, she drew the distraught girl close to let Kate rest
her head in her lap.

"Please stop crying," Susan said desperately, gently touching Kate's cheek. The
older girl didn't notice, her sobs becoming more and more plaintive.

"Damn it!" Susan wailed, experimentally giving Kate her thumb to suck on.

Her heart leaped happily when Kate began sucking on it, but a moment later she
pulled away and resumed crying softly.

Susan whined unhappily, annoyed that Julie had left her with Kate. She knew what
she would have to do to calm Kate down, and felt her face heating.

"Please stop!" Susan said urgently, adjusting the blanket so that it covered
Kate better. She waited a few seconds, but the crying didn't change.

Susan whined again and glanced around the room, checking the doors were closed.

"Why me," she whispered to herself. Blushing furiously, she began unbuttoning
her shirt.



Simeon was standing with his hands flat against the bench, glaring at the
police-officer seated on the other side. He was still wearing the usual
coverings over his face and hands, despite his skin being perfectly normal now.

"I said it's none of your business," the officer replied in an irritated tone,
looking up from the paperwork before him. "Look, we have our hands full at the
moment. We've got government officials crawling up our arse, a hundred disturbed
orphans who have nowhere to go, criminals on the loose, an alien invasion force,
and its Monday." He was angry now, and looked sharply over his shoulder at two
officers who were chatting aimlessly.

"Get this idiot out of here," he snapped at them, pointing with his head to
Simeon.

Simeon groaned in exasperation, and leant forwards over the bench.

"Where is Kathryn?" he hissed. The officer shuddered visibly.

"She's fired," he gasped. As soon as the words were out of his mouth, his eyes
widened in shock and he stood up, his chair rolling backwards.

"Oh?" Simeon said coolly, glancing down at the paperwork. Tilting his head, he
reached out and took the paper. Whilst the officer spluttered, he glanced over
the neat handwriting.

"Thank you," Simeon said sweetly to him, placing the paper back down. Calmly he
turned and walked out of the police station.



He had to ring the doorbell several times before anyone answered. Simeon got a
brief glimpse of her face around the door before it was slammed shut again.

"Go away!" Kathryn yelled. "Haven't you ruined my life enough already?"

"I heard about what happened," Simeon called back. "I'm sorry it ended like that
for you."

The door opened cautiously, and Kathryn peeked around it once again.

"Oh, you're sorry? I'm unemployed and everyone thinks I'm insane, but you're
sorry. That makes everything so much better!"

"What else do you want me to say? I barely managed to get away this morning
before the government arrived and practically quarantined my entire house. I now
have a stand-off between the Military and the Council forces, and I can tell you
that the Council will not give them one grain of sand."

"What the hell does that have to do with me?"

"You're the only person who is in a position of authority and understands what's
going on!"

Kathryn snorted loudly. "I've got about as much credibility as a criminal right
now, thanks to you!" She made to close the door again, but Simeon stepped
forward, putting his foot in the way.

"Do you think we're here to invade?"

"What?!" she exclaimed. Simeon looked meaningfully at her, and she became
serious for a moment.

"No," she sighed eventually.

"That's more than what your government thinks!"

"And how is that going to help you? I'm not even an officer anymore! Go convince
a politician, and leave me alone." She kicked at Simeon's foot, trying to force
him out.

"I don't know, but it's a start. Julie and Susan are biased, and the only other
people who I trust work for me. What have you got to loose?"

"Not a whole lot anymore!" Kathryn replied, but she stopped kicking him.

"Can I at least come in out of the cold?" Simeon asked with a slight smile.

Kathryn opened the door grudgingly, her teeth grinding.



Clutching the gun in both hands, Moira made her way cautiously along the line of
trees, snow crunching softly underfoot. She halted suddenly and, crouching down,
slid through a gap in their foliage.

"There you are," she breathed, staring at the ramp into the gleaming ship that
loomed above the trees. The guards standing partway up the ramp looked bored,
and were huddled in their warm clothing.

"Damn it," Moira cursed, realising the darts wouldn't work through that much
clothing. She would have to get closer.

Muttering angrily, she slid back through the trees to make her approach from
behind.



--

Thanks to red Eva and slave Lucy for proof-reading

--




Chapter 26 - Tension



Kathryn crouched down in the snow, feeling exceedingly guilty.

"I don't know why I'm listening to you," she hissed at Simeon, her eyes darting
around nervously.

"Quiet," Simeon growled, crouched in front and peering around the corner of the
building they were hiding behind. The far side of the street adjoining the
building was blocked by a high stone wall, and barely visible over the top sat
the shining bulks of the council ships.

"How on earth are we going to get over that?" Kathryn asked hopelessly, already
turning to go back.

"I said, quiet," Simeon hissed, leaning back from the corner. Across the street
a soldier began walking parallel to the wall, gun held ready.

"Here's an idea; why don't you go knock him out and steal his clothes?" Her
voice dripped with sarcasm.

"Look," Simeon snapped in irritation, turning to fix her with a stare. "I'm
sorry that you got fired over all this, but can you just shut up for one
moment..."

He trailed off and turned sharply back to looking around the corner, leaving
Kathryn to splutter in outrage behind him.

"Okay," he said suddenly, grabbing her by the front of her coat and dragging her
out into the street.

"Hey!" she exclaimed, stumbling after him as she tried to pry his hand free. He
held her tightly though, and didn't let go until they were across the street.

"What now, genius?" she growled once they were standing against the wall.

"Climb onto my back," he said, crouching down and looking expectantly up at her.

"On... your back..." Kathryn repeated in disbelief.

"Yes! Quickly though; these guys will shoot first, and ask questions later."

Muttering to herself, Kathryn put her arms around his neck and draped herself
over Simeon, wrapping her legs around his waist.

"Uh," he grunted, straightening up with her weight on his back. Without pausing,
he reached up and slid his fingers into a gap in the stones. The tip of one boot
went into another, and he began climbing the wall rapidly.

"You're... pretty strong," Kathryn said grudgingly. Simeon grunted loudly.

"Not as much... as I would like," he managed, pulling them both up onto the top
of the fence.

"Now what?" she asked nervously, her grip tightening around his shoulders as she
looked down.

"Hold on," he told her.

"What..." she began, before trailing off into a scream as he jumped off the
wall.

They landed hard and Kathryn's grip instantly gave way, landing her on her butt
in the snow. She climbed hastily to her feet, muttering angrily under her
breath. Shooting Simeon a fierce look as she brushed the snow from her clothes,
she strode off past him towards the house.



Susan was sitting perfectly still amidst the pillows on Julies' bed, leaning on
the wall behind her, legs crossed. Her face was bright red with shame, and she
was trying her best to ignore Kate sucking drowsily on her exposed breast.

"Julie, come back..." she whispered, looking hopefully at the closed bathroom
door.

Susan yearned to go and comfort her friend, but she couldn't leave Kate behind.
Every time Susan tried to move, she would squeeze harder and whimper, and Susan
couldn't stand it. The girl was just so defenceless that she felt obliged to
help.

She glanced at the door again and sighed sadly, imagining how Julie felt. Her
family murdered, her friend brainwashed into infancy, learning she's some sort
of super-human...

"And I'm just a sex slave to a teenage Mistress and a guy I only met a couple of
days ago," she muttered in reply to her own thoughts.

She groaned loudly, and leant her head back against the wall. It was all so
depressing.

She felt the sucking on her nipple stop, and looked down at her. Kates' eyes
were closed and she was purring softly in contentment, her legs curled up
against the pillows. Gently her lips slid away, resting her head in the crook of
Susan's arm.

"Yes!" Susan whispered softly. Cradling Kates head, she carefully uncrossed her
legs and leant forward to crawl off the bed.

Susan groaned softly, not only because suddenly Kate let out a plaintive whine
and grabbed at her breast again, but the way the dildo vibrated with the motion.

Returning to sit amidst the pillows, she pulled Kate close and let her attach
herself once again to the proffered nipple. Quivering with shame, she stared
pleadingly at the doorway, willing it to open.

She jumped in surprise as the doorhandle she was focusing on turned. With a
smooth motion the door itself swung open and Julie walked out, looking much
happier. She smiled at Susan's expression, but didn't say anything as she
collected her clothes and began dressing over the smooth rubber covering her
body.

"Are... are you okay?" Susan asked, clearing her throat. Her face glowed red
with embarrassment; hands held ready to do up her shirt at a moments notice.

"I'm okay," Julie replied, straightening her jumper. "Is Kate all right?"

"She won't go to sleep again," Susan told her unhappily. "She starts crying
whenever I pull away, and my... my breast hurts!" She looked pleadingly at
Julie.

"You seem to be doing a good job though," Julie told her, hunting around in the
wardrobe. Susan opened her mouth to beg for help, and shut it again when Julie
turned around with Kates' blue dildo-gag in hand.

"This is the only other thing I can think of," Julie said, looking at the gag
with barely concealed distaste. She hated having to do this to her friend.

It's only till she gets better, Julie reassured herself, sitting down beside the
girls on the bed. Kate reluctantly released Susan's nipple with a little
coaxing, stuck between the need to suck and Julies' direction. Her unhappiness
disappeared the moment the dildo touched her lips, and she accepted it down her
throat with a gentle gurgle.

Julie locked the gag loosely behind Kates' head, before cuffing her to the far
corner of the bed and pulling the blankets up over her.

Susan did up her shirt rapidly, and then wriggled into her jumper, sighing in
relief as her head popped through. She slid into her pants carefully, trying
hard not to disturb the belt. Straightening, she rubbed her sore nipple through
the fabric, wondering if it will ever be the same again.

"Let's go find Simeon," Julie said firmly once Susan was dressed, as if she had
already made the decision earlier in the bathroom. She looked down at Kate,
double-checking she was happy.

"Did you two have fun last night?" Susan asked in a slightly sultry tone as she
adjusted her jumper. Julie's head snapped up in surprise and Susan suddenly
realised what she had said. Her cheeks heating, she quickly looked down to stare
intently at her toes.

"Sorry...I... It's none of my business," she stammered. Julie stared for a few
more seconds, a grin spreading across her face.

"We had lots of fun, actually," Julie told her. "And I'm going to find out why
the maids woke me this morning instead of him." She grinned playfully at Susan.
"You'd know all about being woken up!"

Susan giggled softly, her blush deepening as she remembered the previous morning
with Trig.

"Thanks for convincing me to stay back then," she said slowly, wondering if her
cheeks were the shade of her hair yet. She was surprised at herself that she was
willing to talk so openly with Julie.

"I couldn't let all the maids hard work go to waste. I know how hard it must
have been to get you to wear that outfit to dinner." Julie laughed as Susan let
out a loud groan.

"She wouldn't let me say no to anything!" she explained in a shameful tone.

"You looked lovely," Julie reassured her. Susan smiled back uncertainly, her
face still bright red.

Julie took the strange key she had been given and placed it in the pocket of her
pants. Checking that her necklace was safely around her neck, she turned to
Susan.

"Come on, let's go," she said happily, taking Susan's hand.

 Susan let herself be guided towards the door, uncomfortably aware of the belts
presence. Adjusting her pants over it, she followed Julie out into the hall.



"Damn, this is so boring," Jessica grumbled to her friend, her boots drumming
against the steel ramp beneath her. She spun around and leant against the base
of the hydraulic lift that reached up above her to the underside of the ship.
Its gleaming bulk blocked out the sky, but the light reflecting off the snow
around provided more than enough illumination.

"Totally," replied Lyn, her weapon swinging from her shoulder as she slowly
paced the breadth of the ramp. She paused to take a lazy kick at a clump of
snow, turning it into a cloud of ice. "I wish they'd find that stupid woman so I
can go get myself a warm drink."

"She's probably not even here anymore," Jessica said dully, staring down at her
boots. "And a warm drink sounds perfect!"

"You wish they'd find her so you can go play with your Kevin," Lyn teased.

"I do not!" Jessica denied vehemently, but she was grinning widely. She stepped
away from the lift and glanced around half-heartedly at the bushes and trees.

"It's almost lunch; I'll bet she's already half-way across the world by now,"
Lyn said, kicking at the snow again. "We'll have to wait until..."

She stopped suddenly in mid-sentence, and Jessica looked around in surprise.

Lyn stared back at her in horror, one hand clapped against her neck, and then a
second later she slumped to the ground.

"What the..." Jessica began, bringing her weapon up in readiness. She caught a
flash of motion in her peripheral vision, and at the same moment something hit
her in the throat, like being flicked by a finger.

Seconds later she joined Lyn on the ground.



"Slow down!" Susan called after Julie between breaths, pausing to lean against
the nearest wall.

She tugged at her pants, her face flushed and creased with discomfort. Looking
down at herself, she couldn't tell the belt even existed, but every movement she
made reminded her of its presence.

Looking up, she noticed to her dismay that Julie had not stopped walking.
Gritting her teeth, she pushed away from the wall and ran after her, desperately
trying to ignore the sensations this caused between her legs.

I just had to say no, she moaned inwardly. I could have taken it off, and
replaced this vibrating thing!

She stumbled as the vibrations threatened to overwhelm her, one hand catching
herself against the wall again. She looked up pleadingly at Julie's receding
back, but she either didn't notice, or was deliberately ignoring her.

A whimper escaped her lips as she started after Julie again. The plug in her
arse surged uncomfortably with each step, and her muscles had begun aching from
the constant stretching.

Just when I was getting used to the other one, she thought miserably. She tried
to forget that she had actually agreed to it all; blaming Julie for her torment
made it easier.

She saw Julie halt at the base of the stairs up to the third floor, and Susan
sighed in relief at the chance to catch up.

"You're not allowed up here," announced the guard standing on the opposite side
of the wide stairs.

"I'm looking for Simeon," Julie told him warily, eyeing the weapon that was now
loosely pointed in her direction.

Thank goodness, Susan said to herself as she reached Julie, leaning against the
wall and trying not to pant too loudly. Standing perfectly still, she felt a
warm sensation begin to make its way down her thighs, causing her face to turn
scarlet.

I hate these vibrations, she cried silently, carefully rubbing her legs
together. Why do I have to be such a slut!

"Well, do you know where he is?" Julie was arguing with the impassive guard.

"No," the guard replied simply.

Julie groaned loudly in frustration, and made to move past him. Instantly the
guard's weapon was pointed unwaveringly at her as he stepped away from the wall,
causing her to recoil slightly.

"You're not allowed up here," he repeated, his tone firmer this time.

Julie stared at him for a moment, looking like she was about to either cry in
frustration or attempt to beat his head in.

The sound of voices behind her caused Julie to turn momentarily, sparing the
guard an emotional outburst.

"...totally lost on what to do," came the sound of Trig talking. "They're
content to sit here with a fucking army on the doorstep, whilst the TV goes on
about how we tried to kidnap the orphans."

Trig and Simeon stepped into the hall, followed a moment later by a very
lost-looking Kathryn.

"Nyssa can't get them to make a decision?" Simeon asked as they walked. "Surely
they had some kind of plan for a situation like this!" Trig snorted in reply.

"Damien just craps on about how he's the 'appointed representative' and won't
tell her a thing. He thinks he owns the place now."

Simeon sighed, and raised his head to look at Julie. She crossed her arms to
glare at him as they made eye contact, her violet eyes glinting in the light.
Despite her expression he continued to walk towards her, raising a hand to the
cloth across his face and pulling it down, to expose a wide smile.

"Simeon..." she began hotly, ending in a girlish squeal as he swept her up in
his arms and kissed her passionately on the lips.

"Hey!" she protested around his mouth, trying to worm her way out of his grasp.

"Sorry I had to leave," he said apologetically, squeezing her tightly. "Things
are a little busy at the moment, thanks to you," he said with a playful smile.

"That's not my fault!" Julie exclaimed, pausing in her struggles to frown at
him. She found it hard to stay angry though when he was smiling down at her and
her nose was full of his scent.

"They were looking for you, remember," Simeon pointed out.

"And I had to save your life twice, remember," Julie retorted in a low tone, the
barest hint of a smile on her lips.

"I had everything under control the first time," he replied defensively.

"And the second time, too," Julie said in a dangerous tone, her smile widening
slightly.

"I like standing in the hallway," interrupted Kathryn in a deliberately loud
voice.

Simeon paused for a moment, watching as Julie briefly frowned in annoyance.
Keeping one arm around her, he turned to give Kathryn a low glance. Ignoring her
smug look, he started up the stairs with Julie.

Kathryn quivered with frustration, and then turned and stormed off, choosing a
random hallway to disappear down.

Susan was only half paying attention to them, concentrating on keeping still and
letting her self recover from the walk. She didn't notice as Trig slid up beside
her until his arm was halfway around her body.

"Ah!" she yelped in surprise, trying to jump away.

Trig caught her easily, and despite her struggles drew her into his arms. Susan
gave up fighting quickly, as the belt began to vibrate powerfully with her
movements.

"I like your collar," he told her gently, sliding one hand up her body to touch
the purple ring around her throat.

"Julie gave it to me," she said against his chest, nervous about being so close
to him. Would he feel the belt? She didn't want him to know about it; it was
humiliating enough to wear it in public!

"Where did she get such a nice thing?" he asked, sounding a little confused.

"In that box, from last night," she told him.

"Really... I was wondering what was in there!"

"I think it's really pretty," Susan said, trying to steer the subject away from
the box.

"Me too," he agreed, wondering why she sounded so nervous.

"H...Have you had lunch yet?" she asked, wanting to get out of his grasp as fast
as possible.

"Not yet... would you like some?" He smiled down at her, and loosened his arms.
Susan had to fight not to look relieved.

"Yes please!" she said, looking up at him with a big smile. "I'm so hungry!"

Trig chuckled, and kissed her on the head.

"Let's go then. Simeon can look after himself now."

Susan's smile slipped slightly when he took her hand and set off at a brisk pace
down the hall. She had to almost run to keep up with him, and while he slowed
down slightly for her, it wasn't enough to make the belt bearable

Act natural, she cried desperately in her head, trying to walk normally whilst
enduring the sensations caused by the walking. With every step she took the
plugs moved uncomfortably, the dildo shook, and more of her secretions slid down
the inside of her pants.

By the time they reached the dining room, Susan's face was flushed bright red
and she was sweating profusely under her clothes. Trig looked at her strangely
as she sat down, but she kept her head low in an attempt to hide her state.

The maids weren't in the kitchen, so Trig disappeared to make lunch. Susan's
eyes widened at the approximation of a sandwich he placed before her a few
minutes later. She looked up at him and smiled uncertainly. The adoring look he
gave her made her decide not to complain.

He was at least trying!



"Everyone just ignores me," Kathryn grumbled, striding down the hall. "I come to
help, and this is what I get; everyone pairs off with their girlfriend!"

She paused for only a split second as she spotted a group of people walking
towards her down the hall. Screw them, she thought, heading directly for them
with the intention of barging straight through.

They approached swiftly, and Kathryn began to doubt whether they were going to
move for her. The tall woman in the middle looked familiar...

"Oh good, you're here!" Nyssa said, looking pleased. She halted in the hall, the
group of four guards behind her blocking the way.

"Not you again," Kathryn moaned under her breath.

"Yes, me," Nyssa replied, hearing her clearly. She put an arm around the
ex-police officer.

"Come on, you need to do some talking!"



Julie had taken an instant dislike to the dark-haired man when she had first
seen him on the screen in Simeon's office. Now that she knew his name was Damien
and he was actually standing in that same office, she didn't like him any
better.

She didn't listen as Simeon argued with him, content merely to hold his hand and
glare at the Council member. Every few seconds his gaze would flicker over her,
and his face would darken with distaste. Julie didn't do much thinking about why
he hated her so much; she was happy enough returning the emotion, and took
private satisfaction that he was head-and-shoulders shorter than herself.

She felt Simeon's hand squeeze hers gently, and looked away from Damien. She
quickly noticed that the guards were now looking alert, and guns were trained on
them both. She gave Simeon a panicked look; what had he been saying?!

"I think it's time for you to leave," Damien was saying in a low tone.

"Get out of my office," Simeon demanded flatly.

"You're not in a position to make any decisions. This is out of your hands now."

"Get out," Simeon repeated.

In response to some unseen command from Damien, the guards moved forward
slightly, pressing in on them both. Simeon growled under his breath, his eyes
flickering across the men.

He squeezed Julies' hand again, and she felt her skin tingle. A second later
every weapon in the room clicked loudly, and its magazine fell to the ground
harmlessly.

Julie didn't think it was possible, but Damien's face darkened even more, his
arms balled into fists.

"Out," Simeon snapped, stepping aside and gesturing to the open door.

Damien stood still for a long moment, and then strode out the door. As he
passed, Julie could hear him muttering, the word "freaks" standing out clearly.
The guards filed out after him, their faces impassive.

Simeon sighed loudly once they were alone, the door shut behind them.

"What was all that about?" Julie asked, still a little uneasy.

"Damien is an arrogant bastard," Simeon said a little testily, picking up the
discarded magazines. "He thinks humans are levels below Dominants, and hates it
that he's dependent on them." Simeon threw the magazines into the nearby bin,
uncaring of their value. "No surprise he doesn't like us, being a mixture of the
two," he told her.

Julie nodded at the information, watching as he shuffled through the contents of
his desk.

Simeon gave up looking a few minutes later, throwing the paper down in disgust.
Julie tried not to smile as he stormed over to the fireplace and began stacking
it full of wood.

"Calm down," she said soothingly, gliding up behind him and putting her arms
around his neck.

He paused in stacking, and sighed loudly.

"It's not going to get any easier now that he's been kicked out," he said
wistfully.

"I'd rather he was out there than in here," Julie told him. "Perhaps one of
those army men you mentioned will shoot him!"

Simeon gave her a startled glance, but she could see his amusement.

"Get the fire going, it's freezing in here," she said, hugging herself
dramatically.

"I can think of nothing nicer than sitting in front of the fire with you," he
said, grinning as he resumed preparing the fire.

They both paused as a subsonic hum began to shake the house. Simeon stood up and
cocked his head, trying to tell where it was coming from.

"That's odd," he muttered, walking to the door. "That sounds exactly..." He
trailed off as the door opened, staring out the window across the hall.

"Why the hell are they taking off?!" he exclaimed, staring at the ship that was
slowly rising from the ground, its landing struts retracting into its belly.

Simeon stepped out into the hall and leant against the window, peering at the
ship. The air underneath it rippled with energy, picking up snow and throwing it
chaotically around.

It was when the ship wobbled dangerously that Simeon started to realise
something was very wrong. The pilot regained control a moment later, and the hum
began to increase markedly.

"Please, no," he breathed. "I don't need this!"

The ship continued to rise, and with a sharp increase in the noise it was
making, it took off into the sky.

"Fuck!" Simeon yelled, slamming his forehead against the glass. Julie came up
behind him to watch as it disappeared through the clouds.

"She must have stolen the ship!" he said to Julie, his expression a mixture of
disbelief and anger.

"Who...?" Julie asked cautiously.

"Moira," he exclaimed.

--

Thanks to red Eva and slave Lucy for proof-reading

--




Chapter 27 - Recovery



The subsonic rumbling trailed off, and Trig returned to looking at Susan. No
thought that anything might be wrong with the noise entered his mind; if
something was wrong, he would be told about it.

"Susan..." Trig said gently, leaning forwards. "Last night... did I tell you to
stay in my room?"

Susan glanced up from the table, and frowned.

"Um... yes..." she said hesitantly. "But I saw someone out the window," she said
quickly in explanation. "And then I went to tell Julie because I knew they would
want to hurt her, and..."

"And how did that turn out?" he interrupted coolly. Susan swallowed hard, and
hung her head.

"Are... are you going to p...punish me?" she stammered. Trig paused.

"I was going to ask why on earth you went outside," he told her with a smile.
"But if you think you deserve it..." He trailed off to let her speak.

"Would you s...spank me?" she ventured nervously.

"Yes," he told her. "Just like yesterday." He was being cautious, remembering
her tearful request the day before.

Susan was silent for a long time, until Trig was about to ask what she wanted.

"I d...don't think a sp...spanking is en...enough," Susan stammered, keeping her
head low. "Evan u...used a stick on Julie..." She paused to look up at Trig, her
face a mask of humiliation.

"A cane?" he asked, trying to keep the surprise from his voice. Susan nodded
once, and looked down again.

"If that's what you want..." he said slowly. He didn't intend to cane her; he
just knew she wouldn't be able to bear it, and couldn't bring himself to hurt
her that much.

Susan was breathing shallowly, her thoughts in turmoil. Don't agree to this, she
screamed at herself. Say no, say no! Run away NOW!

With a sharp breath Susan pushed her chair back. She felt Trig tense nearby, and
with a squeal she bolted for the nearest door.

The doorway was so close when his hands closed around her body. She screamed
loudly, but was quickly silenced as his hand covered her mouth. The rattling
dildo forgotten, she threw herself around wildly in his arms, eyes wide and
nostrils flaring. A small part of her hoped that he wasn't serious, but began
fading quickly as he picked her up under one arm and carried her out of the
dining room.

Susan was completely helpless to stop him as he brought her to his room and
dumped her on the bed. She would have died with shame if someone had seen her,
red faced and struggling under his arm, but no-one had heard her scream.

Whimpering loudly, Susan wriggled across the bed to cower in the corner where
she had curled up happily only hours before. Trig locked the door, and then
calmly went to his wardrobe and opened it.

"Trig..." Susan cried softly, her eyes wide with fear. He was really going to
cane her, she thought, watching him search through its drawers. When he pulled
out a handful of ties, Susan found herself frowning.

"I never use these damn things," Trig noted, sorting through them. Selecting a
couple, he turned and advanced upon the bed.

Susan whimpered louder, and tried to press herself harder into the corner. It
proved futile, as Trig took hold of one arm and easily dragged her away.

She squealed loudly as he threw her onto her back and began pulling her jumper
off. She kicked, punched and struggled in every way she could, but the jumper
and shirt came off, leaving her bare-chested and humiliated.

"Susan, I'm very angry with you now," Trig told her, taking her arms and tying
them together behind her back with the tie, a blue one with dark patterns on it.
"You didn't tell me that there was a chastity belt in the box."

"I'm sorry!" she cried, twisting to look up at him. "Please don't punish me even
more. I... I wanted it to be a surprise!"

"When was your last enema, young lady?" he asked, removing her jeans. Susan let
out a loud sob, and buried her face in the blankets.

"Too long ago, I think," Trig told her, a soft smile on his lips. "Do you want
it now, or after your caning?" He wanted her to think she was getting caned even
though he had decided to use something else.

Despite the furore of emotions she was feeling, Susan managed to think about it.
She would be forced to hold it, she guessed, and having to do that through her
punishment...

"Afterwards!" she cried loudly, looking up at him pleadingly.

"Before it is," Trig announced.

"NO!" Susan screamed, her struggles increasing. Calmly Trig threaded the
remaining tie through her collar, before leaning down to whisper into her ear.

"I will ignore all pleas to stop, unless you say... 'Chocolate', got it?"

Susan blinked, and paused to look up at him in surprise. He was giving her a way
out?

She almost said it straight away, wanting it to end. Instead she nodded in
confirmation. Trig gave her no time to reconsider though, as he was pulling her
to her feet with her makeshift leash.

Red hair cascading down her shoulders, she stood and followed him to the
bathroom, having no other choice. She knew she could either walk or be carried,
and despite being naked except for the belt and her collar, she wanted to keep a
little dignity.

The first touch of her bare feet against the cold tiles started her whimpering
again, and Trig had to apply a little force to draw her in the rest of the way.

"Down," he said firmly, pointing to the ground.

Susan made a pitiful sound and crouched down, her face bright red with shame. He
put her leash down to prepare her first punishment, and she immediately thought
of running. She was able to restrain herself with the thought that he would
punish her even more, but as the water started running, her resolve began to
break down.

The water stopped after what Susan thought was a very long time, and she looked
up cautiously to see Trig pouring liquid soap into the mixture. Her face fell,
and she began eyeing her loose leash yet again. The thought of the open door was
becoming increasingly attractive.

Her hopes of escape were dashed as Trig closed the door and took up her leash
again. Her small breasts shook with each shallow, nervous breath, nipples hard
and erect in the cold air.

"Now..." Trig said, placing one hand on her behind and pushing her forwards.
Without her arms, Susan was forced to rest her head against the tiles and twist
to try and see what he was doing. She felt him push against the belt as he
inserted the tube. She whimpered softly, and shut her eyes as he stood to hang
the bag up.

Without warning the hot, soapy water burst into her bowels. She gasped, her eyes
flashing open to look up at the large, pale yellow bag. She suddenly realised
that it was much larger than she had expected, and full to the brim.

"Oh no," she breathed in disbelief, feeling the water flowing deeper into her
body. She recalled the painful enemas she had received at the hands of the
doctors, realising that this would be just as bad.

Trying not to sob, she shut her eyes and tried to concentrate on the darkness
behind her eyelids. The urge to expel was growing rapidly, and she could feel
what she thought was the soap tingling inside her.

"Oh!" Susan gasped, as with a loud gurgle the pressure which had been building
suddenly released, hot soapy water bursting forth deep into her bowels.

She felt Trig crouch down beside her, and gently push a pillow underneath to
rest her head on. Her eyes still closed, she felt him begin to gently rub her
nipples, fingers circling the delicate skin. She began to purr with
appreciation, and felt a little disappointed when he stopped.

The touch of cold steel made Susan realise something was wrong, and then the
clamp closed on her nipple.

"OW!" she screamed, sitting up quickly. She stared down in shock at the clamp
now hanging freely from her breast, for a second too stunned to speak.

"Take it OFF!" she squealed, pulling at the tie holding her arms behind her
back. Trig took hold of her other breast, and placed the second clamp on before
she could react.

"Trig," she shrieked, unprepared for the pain. "Please! Please take them off!"

Trig ignored her begging, placing one hand on her back and pushing her down into
position again. She sobbed softly, her breathing becoming shallow as her belly
started to cramp.

Despite the pain and discomfort, she was terribly horny. Her clit throbbed
inside its prison, and with every cramp that ran through her stomach, her
muscles clenched on the dildo buried inside her.

Susan looked up for a second at the enema bag, seeing it was only half empty.
There is still a lot of water in there, she thought to herself. Realising that
it would all soon be churning inside her, and she could do nothing to stop it,
she moaned in excitement and fear, her pussy grabbing at the dildo.

She shut her eyes again, concentrating on trying to relax and not disturb the
hateful clamps with each breath. The enema was growing worse every moment, and
with the chastity belt around her waist, her belly was having trouble expanding.

The mechanisms inside the belt were slowly reaching their limits though. The
continual pressure from her skin eventually caused the belt to adjust itself,
and with a soft click the waistband expanded, just enough to make Susan sigh in
relief.

She was too lost in the sensations to wonder what had happened though, and even
if she had tried to open the belt, it would have been pointless; not only could
the fine mechanisms tell between the even pressure of a growing stomach and
someone's clumsy fingers, but the piercings would have stopped its removal even
without any waistband at all.

To Susan it seemed like hours had passed before she heard the soft gurgle of the
bag. Despite being pleased that her filling was over, her heart skipped a beat,
as she knew the rest of her punishment remained.

"Stand up," Trig commanded, tugging on her 'leash'.

Susan squealed loudly as she climbed to her feet, hampered without the use of
her arms. Her frustrated movements made the clamps swing heavily, sending
flashes of agony through her nipples. The enema gurgled uncomfortably inside
her, and the compression of her waist made it feel like there was much more
water than there really was. Plugged front and back, she felt extremely full.

She continued whimpering as Trig led her to the middle of the room and tied his
end of her leash to the tie binding her arms, shortening it until her hands were
pulled up well away from her now defenceless buttocks. Using another one of his
versatile ties, Trig blindfolded her, smiling at the pleading look she gave him
before the room disappeared behind the fabric.

Susan listened with her heart pounding in her throat as he took something from
the wardrobe and swung it through the air experimentally. If she had been
thinking clearer, she would have picked that it didn't sound like the expected
cane, but all she could do was imagine it smacking into her soft skin.

She quivered with fear as he began circling her, red hair tangling around her
head as she tried to blindly follow his progress. She couldn't stand up straight
for long, and was forced to crouch slightly to relieve the pressure on her
insides. Trig gave her unprotected rear a sharp slap with his hand when she did
so, startling her into straightening again.

"Please..." she whispered, her breathing coming in short, nervous gasps.
"Please... it hurts!"

She felt Trig crouching in front of her, and then his hands were touching the
front of the belt.

He's looking... there! Her thoughts were a mixture of terrified arousal; she
knew there was no way he could miss seeing how horny she was.

His fingers tenderly touching the inside of her thighs was unexpected, and in
her current state she happily moved one leg out to give him better access. She
knew he couldn't touch her anywhere really sensitive, but even so, the sensation
of his fingers on her soft skin was enough to send shivers through her body.

His fingers travelled around her leg to explore between her buttocks, tracing
down the belt and back to her thighs again. As much as she liked the way he was
teasing her, she was still shaking with fear, dreading when the fingers would be
replaced by the cane.

Behind her, Trig raised the long, flat paddle in his hand. It had a roughly
rectangular shape to it, made of hard, shiny black leather. With his other hand
he continued making his way around her, until he was touching the soft skin
beside her imprisoned sex.

SMACK

Susan cried out loudly in shock and pain as the paddle hit her behind.
Reflexively she took a small step away from Trig, her fingers twitching as she
yearned to protect herself.

SMACK

Already in shock from the last hit, the paddle against Susan's rear wrenched
another cry from her lips. She took a larger step away from Trig, and was
rewarded by a sharp slap to her thigh.

"Stay still," she heard him say firmly, causing her to begin sobbing. She had to
actually stand still and wait for the pain.

She felt the hard smack of the paddle again, her cry of pain turning into a gasp
as she tried to stifle it. What had happened to the cane, she wondered.

Her thoughts were halted by the impact of the paddle, bringing tears to her
eyes. Every hit not only shook her tight belly like a drum, but it shook the
dildo as well. The conflicting sensations of pleasure and pain were almost too
much for her to bear.

The next two hits came hard and fast to the underside of her buttocks, making
the soft skin ripple with the impacts. Susan cried out again and shook on the
spot, wanting to climb into the air to escape the pain. She realised suddenly
that the cane would have been much worse.

He slapped her butt with the paddle again, and suddenly her belly cramped. Susan
cried out loudly in pain, and doubled over, sending the clamps swinging
agonisingly again. Around the transparent plug in her rear her muscles visibly
pulsed, desperately trying to rid her body of the soapy water.

Trig paused in her punishment to let her recover. She was sobbing audibly
between gasps, and when he looked up at her face, small tears were sliding out
from underneath the blindfold. But she hadn't said the word yet, so he gave her
a few more seconds for the cramp to subside.

"Stand up," he said gently. When she continued to half-crouch, he brought the
paddle up and slapped the underside of her breasts.

"AH!" she cried out in shock, feeling the clamps tug at her sore nipples.
Breathing shallowly, she straightened up, her eyes shut tightly under the
blindfold.

She was so close to giving in, and saying it. The word was on the tip of her
tongue, but she couldn't bring her lips to move.

Trig smacked her butt again, causing her to half-crouch as pain shot through her
soap-filled colon. She wanted to straighten up again, but she couldn't do it.
She knew what would happen...

SMACK

"OH!" she gasped, her breasts shaking with the force of the paddle. It hurt so
much as she stood up straight, but the intimate torture he was inflicting was
making her so horny. A few more hits, and the resulting vibrations in her pussy
would surely make her cum.

She yelped as the paddle made its self felt on her rear again. The delicious
vibrations brought her minutely closer to what she craved, and she found herself
wanting another hit.

A second later her wish was granted, the sound of the paddle against her skin
filling the room. Susan was prepared for another pause between hits, but Trig
brought the paddle down again a moment later, making her cry out in shock. He
didn't stop though, and another two hits followed, their red marks stinging
across the pale skin of her arse.

Susan started sobbing loudly again as he continued, the smacks ringing in her
ears as blow after blow rained down on her defenceless skin. She lost count
quickly, lost in a sea of pain and intermittent pleasure.

Trig stopped after counting twenty hits. He was surprised she hadn't told him to
stop yet; even more surprised that she hadn't said anything since he started.

"Are you okay?" he whispered into her ear.

When she nodded her head weakly, he had to try and not sigh in relief.

"Good," he said, keeping his voice firm. Still holding the paddle, he took hold
of her nipple clamps in one hand. She cried out in pain, caught between pushing
her chest out to relieve the pull, and the urge to double over from the enema.

"Follow me." Leading her by the clamps, he walked her around the room a few
times, listening to her whimper with every tug of the clamps, before taking her
into the bathroom.

Still bound and blindfolded, he made her sit on the toilet and after a few
seconds fumbling, released the butt-plug. The smaller, secondary plug popped
free, followed by a torrent of water. Susan sighed softly in relief, her world
contracting to the fading pressure in her belly. The cold seat felt nice against
her sore skin.

She stiffened suddenly as she felt Trigs' fingers on her chest again, reminding
her that he was still close. Her face went bright red with shame as she voided
herself, her covered eyes clenched tightly shut behind the blindfold.

The first clamp was pulled off her breast, and she instantly hissed with pain.
Blood rushed into the sensitive flesh, bringing the pain back anew. Still
gritting her teeth, she pulled at the ties holding her arms in an attempt to rub
her nipple. Trigs' touch made her gasp as he began to massage her nipple back to
life. It hurt even more, and she tried to pull away from him.

The second clamp came off then, and she cried out as he began to work the other
nipple at the same time.

"T...Trig!" she gasped, trying to get rid of the horrible soap and protect her
nipples at the same time.

Despite her protests, he kept it up until he was satisfied she had emptied
herself. Leaving her sitting on the toilet, he filled another enema bag with
plain water.

"Not another..." she breathed as he brought her down onto the floor again. She
began sobbing as he plugged it in, and the water started to flow.

"It's just plain water," he whispered soothingly.

Susan moaned pitifully, but endured her cleansing, having little choice in the
matter. Her position stretched the abused skin over her buttocks, making
movement painful.

Another enema followed, and by the time it was over, Susan was totally
exhausted.

She began crying softly as he undid her arms. He carried her out of the
bathroom, laying her out flat on the bed. Still blindfolded, Susan lay quietly
with tears soaking the inside of the blindfold as Trig started to rub cream into
her bare skin.

She felt slightly proud that she had survived through her ordeal without saying
the word. She was still terribly horny, but even if she had the energy, the
Chastity belt would have made it pointless.

"Trig..." she began hesitantly.

"Quiet," he said, his hands leaving her body. A moment later he was lifting her
head, pushing a ball gag between her lips.

Susan whimpered nervously as it was buckled behind her head, but when he
returned to gently rubbing her, she slowly relaxed.

Her eyes closed in contentment.



Julie followed closely as Simeon stormed down the halls. She could hear him
muttering under his breath about "incompetence" and "stupidity", and had to work
not to smile. She pitied the recipient of his anger.

They reached the entry hall of the house, and Julie looked outside to see Damien
and his guards walking calmly down the steps. Julies' frowned in spite, her
violet eyes boring into his back. She couldn't see Simeon's face, but she
doubted he was any happier.

Just as he was about to push the doors open, a loud beeped sounded from his
pocket. He paused in surprise, and it beeped again. Fishing in the coat, he
pulled out what Julie took for a mobile phone.

"Yes?" he said into it, anger overflowing into his voice. There was a long pause
as he listened.

"Oh?" he exclaimed, his expression changing to one of surprise. "Thank you very
much."

Putting the phone in his pocket, he turned to Julie.

"Shadow's conscious."



Both Simeon and Julie walked past Damien's group, deliberately ignoring the
unsavoury Council member. Julie prayed that she wouldn't stumble and humiliate
herself in front of him; she felt like at any moment she would slip over in the
snow and land on her face. The ground wasn't especially treacherous, but her
legs felt like jelly. Not only were the plugs filling her loins being very
distracting... he was awake!

She was slightly comforted by the fact that Simeon didn't appear to be in a
hurry, hoping this meant that her suspicion was correct, and he had no more
abilities. Or perhaps he was still groggy at the moment, and wasn't a danger...

Julie tried not to think of it as they reached the ship, making their way up the
ramp out of the cold. The door slid open as they neared, letting out a burst of
warm air.

The interior of the ship looked very similar to the one that now lay silent
amidst the torn-up soil and dirt where it had crashed; everything was gleaming
and angular. Julie wondered why all ships were so boring and Spartan, not
knowing that the design was typical only for the military.

"This way, sir," said a short, spindly doctor who seemingly stepped out of
nowhere. He gave Julie a quick smile, and Julie couldn't help but return it,
however weakly.

"Whatever happened to him," the Doctor said as they walked, "he seems as healthy
as ever, for a man of his age. His mind took a fair hit last night, and I was
expecting him to remain in a coma for several weeks. He surprised us all!"

Julie swallowed nervously. If he had recovered that quickly... maybe his
abilities would return. She raised one hand to the necklace sitting in her
cleavage, wondering if she should have left it behind.

Simeon slowed down until he was walking with her.

"You're wearing the suit," he stated in a whisper, as if he had no doubts.

"W...What?" she stammered, trying to look confused. "I don't know what you
mean!"

"Oh, please. I can smell the rubber."

Julies' face turned red, and she kept her mouth shut.

"It's okay," he said in a slightly playful tone. "I know how persuasive Moira's
methods are. Just take it easy, and it will fade."

"You remember last night?" she asked nervously. Simeon let himself smile
slightly.

"Every little sound," he whispered, his smile widening into a grin at her
mortified expression.

"But you..." she spluttered in disbelief.

"I loved your cry of 'Put it back', it was so pitifully horny," he said, loving
the shade of red her face turned.

"In here, sir," the unsuspecting Doctor told them, pausing outside a closed
door.

Simeon glanced at Julie, and although she was still blushing from the
conversation, her expression had taken on a hint of fear.

"Maybe I should..." she began, stopping as Simeon took hold of her arm.

Julie sighed, letting him key the door open and guide her in.

Shadow was lying on a bed, surrounded by machines blinking and humming softly.
There was a plain white sheet over his body, but Julie could see the dark
shadows of the straps holding him secure.

He looked up tiredly as they walked over, his eyes dull. Despite that, his aged
face contorted into a scowl at the sight of Julie.

"Come to gloat... bitch?" he tried to snarl, but it sounded pitiful.

Julie was silent, but the pain it caused was evident on her face.

"I spent... so long... trying to find you," he said slowly. "So much effort...
all because she..." he turned the word into a snarl, "...had to beat me."

Julie made a choking noise, and looked down at her feet, raising one hand to
cover her face.

"Why..." she breathed, and then looked up at Shadow. "Why did you have to kill
them..." she trailed off to begin sobbing.

"Kill who?" Shadow asked, as if she had asked a stupid question.

"My... my parents... my... my mother!" she replied between sobs. "You... you
killed them for the necklace... and... and tried to kill me too!"

"You mother?!" he exclaimed, his voice gaining a little strength. "That bitch...
after she used that damn... necklace against me, I spent the next 18 years...
looking for her!"

Julie looked up, choking her sobs back.

"So... you didn't kill her?" she asked, her tone disbelieving.

"Ha!" Shadow laughed. "I only wish I could thank whoever beat me to it! No, it
wasn't me!"

"But..." Julie stammered. "But... I saw it... there were burn marks on the
walls... she was using the necklace to defend herself from you!"

Shadow snorted. "So there's someone else like me who wants the necklace? I wish
him luck then!"

Julie stared at him for a second, and then ran out of the room.

"Julie!" Simeon called after her, but she was gone.

--

Thanks to red Eva and slave Lucy for proof-reading

--




Chapter 28 - Blood



Simeon found her in her bedroom, lying flat on her back and staring up at the
roof.

"It's not over," Julie said without looking at him. Beside her, Kate was
sleeping softly, suckling contently on the gag.

"What's not over?" Simeon asked gently, coming to sit on the bed.

"He's still out there. Whoever killed them, he's still looking for me."

Simeon could see she had been crying; her cheeks were still wet with tears.

"You'll be fine," he reassured her. "Look, you're with us now. Despite the
arseholes amongst us..." Julie smiled, knowing exactly who he meant. "...we're a
nice bunch. When Nyssa gets some time, she'll be able to teach you all about
being a Mistress, and help you with Kate and Susan."

Simeon leant down and put an arm around her. Gently he brought her into a
sitting position, and held her close.

Julie made an attempt at turning her sob into a grateful murmur, but he could
tell she was crying into his shoulder. He felt so sorry for her, and confused as
to what to say.

"Thanks," Julie told him softly after a minute, her arms sliding around his
chest to hug him gently.

Simeon smiled, giving her a gentle squeeze. Perhaps he wouldn't have to say
anything after all.

Julie was content to lie in his arms and relax, letting her troubles fade into
the warmth of his embrace. She liked him so much...

"Simeon, do you like me?" she asked, her voice calm. Simeon frowned, and his
arms loosened around her.

"Of course I do!" he said, sounding surprised. He leant back to look into her
face. "You did allow me to take that irritating cloth off outside my room for
the first time in a long while." He chuckled softly.

"No, I mean... really like me," Julie said, blushing slightly. She fought the
urge to look away, staring him straight in the eyes; red to violet.

Simeon smiled back at her, his gaze soft.

"I like you as much as I can like you, having known you for only a few days."
Her face fell slightly, and her gaze dropped. Simeon grimaced.

"Hey, last night I could have kicked you out of bed, or taken what I needed, but
I didn't. I asked what you wanted." He saw her smile slightly, but she still
kept her gaze low. "I spent the night with you, and I'm really grateful. I'm
sorry I couldn't be there when you woke up, but, well... Moira and Shadow have
created an awful problem for us all, and I had to go."

Julie looked up, and smiled a little more.

"I understand," she said, and leant forward to hug him again.

"Even if I didn't need you to live, I would still have come to find you."

They sat together for a long time, listening to each other breathe.

"I can still smell that suit," Simeon told her gently. Julie giggled, and began
blushing.

"I might have heard everything, but I didn't get to see you in it." His tone was
casual, but Julie could hear the suggestion in it.

Wordlessly she broke the hug and climbed off the bed, walking out to stand in
the middle of the room with her back to him.

She took a deep breath, and then pulled her jumper off, exposing her
rubber-covered arms. She turned around slowly, hugging herself nervously. She
smiled at Simeon, who was watching a little impatiently. Keeping her eyes on
him, she took hold of the bottom of her shirt, and began to lift it up.

She brought it to just below her breasts before she paused, her cheeks red.

"So that's why your figure looks so sexy," Simeon remarked, tilting his head.
"It has a corset!"

Julie smiled, and lifted her shirt up fully, exposing her rubber-covered
breasts. Her nipples were clearly visible through the translucent covering, a
fact that made Julie blush even more. She slowly turned away, trying not to
appear too urgent.

"The corset was a little uncomfortable to begin," Julie related, bending over to
undo her shoes. "In fact, the whole thing was uncomfortable." She was wearing no
socks inside them; the rubber stockings she wore hugged her feet in a fairly
comfortable manner.

She glanced back at him from her bent-over state, and then began to slide down
her pants. She shut her eyes as she did, concentrating entirely on removing the
garment.

Simeon stared silently. He knew that many ships had slots for people to sleep
through long journeys, but he had never seen one of the suits that the occupants
had to wear. His eyes were drawn to the two clearly visible ports centred
between Julies' legs, wondering what kind of devious use Moira had put them to.
Was there anything protruding inside?

"Wow," Simeon breathed, standing up and walking over to her.

Julie blushed furiously, and stared at the floor as he circled her, studying the
way the suit conformed to her curves. He stepped back, and looked at her
appraisingly.

"You know, with your short hair and that suit, you look like such a Mistress. I
can just see the innocent girls cowering before you!"

Julie giggled nervously, her eyes darting to where Kate slept.

"But I must ask... is there a hood for it?"

"It's in the box," Julie said, hoping he didn't ask why she had kept it.

Simeon pulled the limp, rubber hood out, running the long feeding tube through
his fingers.

"Oh, I can so imagine you wearing this, all cuffed and helpless..." He grinned
at the look of alarm on her face.

"Are there normally plugs inside the waist?" Simeon asked curiously. Julie
looked mortified, and looked down sharply at the floor.

"Or... they're still in there!" Simeon exclaimed, coming up to hug her from
behind. His hands ran down the suit to touch the port over her sex, his fingers
probing inside it.

"They are, aren't they?" Simeon whispered into her ear. She nodded silently.

"Are they big?" he asked, looking over her shoulder at his hands. "Are they...?"
He stopped suddenly in mid sentence.

"What's that?" he exclaimed in surprise, letting go of her and crouching down.
He reached into the pile of clothes at her feet and pulled out the space-ship
key.

"Where on earth did you get the key to a space-ship?!" he asked, looking up in
surprise. He ignored the fact that this angle gave him a nice view of her
breasts.

"Err... well, this weird guy Seth rescued me from Moira's ship, and then he
appeared when I was having my late breakfast, and gave that to me!" Julie gave
him a confused look. "And then Nyssa refused to tell me who he is..." She paused
suddenly, and narrowed her eyes at him. "Do you know who he is?"

Simeon glanced from her to the key and back again.

"Get dressed," he said softly. "We're going outside again."



Julie was finding it hard to trust him and not ask questions. But his manner
suggested she should wait until he had shown her what he wanted to. She trudged
through the snow after him, feeling a little warm under her clothes. Her little
strip-tease, followed by the long walk with the plugs in her loins, had made her
very horny.

"What, the crashed ship?" Julie called out as they rounded the line of trees
they had been following.

"Yep," Simeon said simply, heading straight for it.

He waited by the ship for her to catch up, and then handed her the key.

"Have a go," he said simply, gesturing to the outline of a door in the side of
the ship. The entire craft was on an angle, so the door was half buried under
the snow. But the hatch beside it was hanging open, displaying a slot that
looked exactly the right size for the key in her hand.

Julie looked at it for a second, uncertain what to do. She quickly grew
irritated with her own delaying, and simply stuck one side of the key into the
slot.

The door seemed to think for a second, and then with the sound of straining
mechanics, slid inwards and then disappeared sideways into the wall.

"Congratulations, the ship is yours," Simeon said with a smile. Without waiting
for her reply, he crouched down and shuffled through the half-buried doorway.

"He gave me... this ship?!" Julie breathed, looking from the key to the slightly
blackened ship stuck side-on into the ground.

Light flickered to life through the doorway, and Simeon's voice echoed out.

"Hurry up," he called from within.

Still not quite believing, she removed the key and crouched down to follow him.



"So this is mine?" she breathed, standing on the slanted floor of the main room.
She spotted the hatch down to the room of tubes, and shuddered slightly.

"Yep," Simeon said, standing beside her. "But that's not all. Come on." He
strode over to the ladder, and began climbing up to the top level.

"What's up here?" Julie asked, climbing up after him.

"Come and see," he called back mysteriously.

The first thing Julie found was that there was glass all over the floor. She
followed the trail of destruction to what she assumed was the kitchen. The floor
was a mess of metal, broken glass and electronics. She sighed, realising that
she would probably have to clean it up later, if the ship was indeed hers.

"Over here," Simeon called. Julie stepped out of the kitchen, and over to the
door that Simeon was standing beside. Whilst the kitchen took over half the top
floor, the other half was hidden behind a wall.

Simeon took the key from her hand and stuck one end into the slot beside the
door. There was a click, and the door slid smoothly open.

The lights were off, and as Julie stepped in, she found the air musty, as if it
hadn't been opened for a long time. Simeon found the light-switch first,
bringing the room into illumination.

The room was a rough hemisphere, with the tip of the opposite end walled off.
Julie could see the shadowy shape of a toilet and bath through the doorway. The
middle of the remaining room was dominated by a slightly ruffled double-bed, its
red sheets interlaced with a pale blue pattern.

"Comfy," Julie said simply, walking over and sitting down heavily on it. "Very
comfy!" she exclaimed, lying back on the soft mattress.

"Keep looking," Simeon said, as if he was expecting something.

Julie frowned at him, slightly annoyed he was being so clandestine. She stood up
and walked around the room, her feet crunching on glass. Apparently not
everything had been secured, and the landing had caused several drawers to fall
out. They now sat upside down on the floor on the opposite side of the bed,
their contents piled up underneath them.

"More mess,' she said in annoyance. "And more glass!"

"Find anything?" Simeon asked, beginning to gaze around the room himself.

"No," Julie said, irritation creeping into her voice. "What is it you expect me
to..." she trailed off.

Simeon watched as she crouched down beside the drawers, looking at something on
the floor.

"Oh?" she whispered, picking up something and looking at it. She turned it over
several times, and then stared at it for a long time, tears in her eyes.

"I see," she said softly, replacing it on the floor. She looked up at Simeon.

"We can go now," she told him, fighting to keep her emotions in check.

She left the picture sitting on the floor as she walked out of the room. Kelly
smiled up from it, her vibrant blue eyes shining with happiness. Beside her, his
arm holding her close and smiling just as widely... was Seth.



--

Thanks to red Eva and slave Lucy for proof-reading

--




Epilogue - Half-Time



Samantha struggled with her bag as she dragged it up the stairs, silently
cursing its bulk. Did I really need all this crap, she wondered, gently
chastising herself. She mentally went through the bag, trying to distract
herself from what she had to do. Trying hard to be honest, she guessed she could
have survived in comfort without half its contents. The family Trig had
recommended across the road had been more than generous, although she had been
slightly surprised by the amount of clothes in her size that they had had just
"lying around".

Steeling herself, she dragged the bag the rest of the way up the stairs to the
landing, and then pulled out her key. She sighed in relief as the door opened
before her; she had quietly dreaded finding he had changed the locks.

Crouching down, she unzipped her bag and pulled out what she needed. Without a
pause to think, she walked in and a few steps later she was standing in the
doorway of the kitchen.

He was sitting at the table, just as she had hoped. He was always very
methodical, and had breakfast at exactly the same time every day. She had
wondered if he would give it all up because she had left, and was slightly
put-out that he hadn't fallen apart with regret.

When he looked up from the bowl in front of him, she took it all back; he looked
terrible.

"Evan...?" she queried, a little shocked. He stared at her for a long time.

"Hello Samantha," he muttered, not taking his eyes from her.

Samantha swallowed nervously, reaching up to the zip on her jacket. Taking a
deep breath, she pulled the zip down and slid the jacket off. She was naked
underneath, her breasts hanging freely.

Blushing with shame she pulled off her shoes and pants. Standing in only a
g-string, she quivered, and took that off too.

Now totally naked in the kitchen, she picked up the collar from her bag in one
hand and the g-string in the other. Keeping her gaze low, she walked over to
Evan and knelt beside him.

Raising the items to him, she stared at her knees, her entire body red with
shame. There was no guarantee he would accept her back, and it terrified her.
What would she do if he rejected her?

She watched him turn his chair around, and shifted her position to keep her
offerings in front of him.

She could feel his gaze on her, and wished he would do something, say something,
anything, in fact, except make her wait!

When he remained silent, she slowly raised her head to look. She caught his
sudden look of displeasure, and quickly lowered her head again.

"Sorry, sir," she said nervously.

He took the silk g-string from her hand first. She kept her hand raised though,
and listened as he sniffed loudly. She blushed harder at the sound. She didn't
know whether he had sniffed the intimate garment, but the thought was bad
enough.

His touch on the collar almost made her sigh in relief. It was an effort to keep
her hands raised and continue to look at the floor.

"Raise your head, girl," Evan said firmly. Samantha swallowed, and lifted her
head to expose her neck. She still didn't look at him though, keeping her eyes
averted.

She almost collapsed when he bent down and closed the collar around her neck. As
soon as she heard the click, she stood up and embraced him. She didn't care that
she could be punished for it, she was so happy.

"Do you have the keys for the collar?" Evan asked after a minute of hugging her
tightly.

Samantha stiffened, and pulled away to look at him.

"I err... I lost them."

Evan glanced at the collar around her neck. He knew that the lock could be
picked. But it was the thought that counted.



Through the front view-screen, Moira watched the Space-Station glitter amidst
the dirty brown rocks slowly circling the soft, blue gas giant below. She knew
that by surviving to get this close, she would be allowed to dock. She had been
a little nervous about piloting the stolen Council ship here, but they appeared
to have accepted her transmission.

Despite that, she also knew that amidst the slowly turning rocks, hundreds of
high-powered weapons would be trained upon her hull, ready to cut her to shreds
at the first sign of anything out of the ordinary.

"Hurry up, you piece of junk," Moira raged at the ship, venting her nervousness.
Even though the Council ship was faster than the average military craft, it made
her feel calmer.

She was still dressed in the rubber suit she had been forced to spend the last
few days in. The guards she had captured were both owned, and she had been
unable to feed properly from them until now. At the moment they were both
downstairs in their tubes, their minds slowly disappearing. Moira had had to
make do with what was on the ship, and it was taking a lot longer than she had
hoped to retrain the girls.

She looked out the view-screen again. Nothing to do but wait, now...



Inside the station, one man hurried down the steel corridors deep within its
bowels. He looked stressed, and sweat was pouring from his forehead, stinging
his eyes. His approach caused the large doors at the end of the corridor to open
and he ran through into a brightly lit room. Instantly he lowered his gaze from
the figure seated at the other end, and halted inside the entrance.

"My Lord, Moira has arrived!" he announced.

"Oh?" said the figure, sitting up straighter. "What does she want?"

"She says... she says she found the girl; the experiment."

"I see," said the figure, his voice suddenly cold. She shouldn't know about
that...

"She says... she has a blood sample."

"Oh, does she now?" the figure replied, sounding interested. So that's how she
worked out my involvement... "And what of the key, does she have that?"

"No, sir," the man said, and cringed. A long silence ensued.

"When she docks, bring the sample to me immediately."

"And where should I take Moira?" the man asked nervously.

"She knows more than is permissible.... Once the sample is in my possession,
kill her without delay."

"Yes, my Lord."

"No failures," the figure added dangerously. "I do not want this to turn out
like the Kelly woman. Killing her cost us years... I won't tolerate any more
mistakes."

"Y...Yes, my Lord."



Julie swallowed nervously as she got out of the car. The house that lay just
beyond the pavement was tall and silent. She glanced back at Trig and Simeon,
who were sitting in the front of the car. From the passenger seat, Simeon made
an encouraging motion, smiling up at her.

Julie was struck for a moment by how much better his skin looked now. They were
both uncertain whether the change was permanent, and they knew the only way to
check was to stop sleeping together. Julie secretly hoped that he wouldn't try
to find out, and Simeon had no intention of avoiding any bed she was in. They
were silently content in blissful ignorance.

Simeon frowned at her slightly vacant look, breaking her thoughts. She gave him
a sharp glance to hide her reluctance and turned back to look at the house. He
had told her that someone had been paying to maintain the exterior, but he had
no idea about the interior. The snow which had fallen on the weekend was
beginning to melt now, and the front garden had turned into a muddy quagmire.

"You can do it, Julie," she told herself, taking a deep breath.

Trying to act the dominant that Nyssa was teaching her to be, she strode up the
path to the front door. She almost knocked, before realising that no-one would
be home. How long had it been since anyone actually lived there?

She wasn't surprised that the door was unlocked. She stepped through, and into
the living room of the small house. The couch was where she remembered, although
it was looking slightly dilapidated and the chair and table were missing. Even
the wallpaper was the same tacky pattern. She smiled to herself; he hasn't
redecorated.

The marks on the floor and walls were gone though. She could tell where they had
been replaced, the carpet looked cleaner, and the tacky wallpaper didn't quite
match. Other than that, it was exactly the same house she had seen in the video.

Trying not to shake, she walked around the room, taking in the little details.
The different locations of the light-switches, the slightly cleaner patches of
wall where there had once been curtains, everywhere she looked there was
something to make her smile.

Simeon hadn't given any word on whether she could have the house. Technically it
was hers, but a combination of time and a deliberate attempt by someone, most
likely her father, to fudge the paperwork was making it difficult.

She eventually worked up the courage to make her way down the hall. As she
walked, she noticed that the hole in the wall had also been fixed, with another
telltale patch of not-quite-right wallpaper.

She paused in the doorway to the bedroom, her heart pounding. She knew that the
orphanage had lied to her now; she hadn't been found after her mother died
giving birth to her, she had been found cradled protectively in her mothers'
arms.

The bed was covered in a blotchy white sheet, its surface slightly wrinkled. The
only other objects were the bedside table, and the picture sitting on the top of
it.

It took Julie a moment to work up the courage to enter the room. She walked
slowly to the picture, and picked it up, the small stand clanging against the
table as it fell over. She swallowed hard as she looked at it, taking in the
people in the photo.

"Hi, Julie," Seth said gently from the doorway. Julie had been half-expecting
him to appear, so his voice didn't shock her.

"I'm so sorry for leaving you like I did. I know I can't make it up to you, no
matter what I give you."

"You're not staying, are you," Julie said as if it was a statement. She glanced
sideways at him to catch the slight shake of his head.

"It's dangerous enough for me to even visit you... there are those who would
kill to find where you are, which was why I had to leave you in the first
place."

"Who killed her?" Julie asked, still looking into the picture.

"The project which culminated in... you... was funded by an anonymous man. He
was an odd character, and certain events made me curious as to his identity." He
sighed regretfully. "I did eventually find him, and that was when things went
bad. He tried to kill all of us, to keep his little secret. We tried to keep it
under wraps, but your old friend Shadow took advantage of the internal chaos and
attacked."

He stepped into the room, and ran his fingers across the fabric of the bed.

"We used it as an excuse to flee. Some of us spread across the planet. Others
like K... Kelly and I came here to Earth." He paused for a short time. "She was
the only one who could use the necklace... despite its power it was only a
security measure, and a dangerous one at that. She gave her life to keep your
location a secret."

Julie continued looking into the picture. Seth and Kelly were side-by-side like
the one she had found in the ship. Only this time, they were holding a child in
their arms, wrapped in blankets. Whilst she wasn't looking at the camera, Julie
could recognise her own violet eyes.

"I love you, Julie," Seth said gently, stepping back to the doorway.

"Me too," Julie said, her eyes filled with tears. She looked up from the
picture. "Dad"

 But he was gone.



--

Well, I hope everyone enjoyed reading it as much as I did writing it.

Obviously, it's not all over just yet. There's still more, but this particular
"book" comes to a close here.

Apologies for the delay, I've been busy writing the next one, and there was some
storyline I had to clarify before I could submit it.



Big thanks go out to redEva, slavelucy and albear for their proof-reading and
support, I couldn't have done this without them.



Until next time,

LD

--




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lord Douche


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





