BDSM Library - Corporatism




Corporatism
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story written in a 'journalistic" way about the laws in a state where torture is commonplace.
Corporatism



	It is a well-known fact that the Corporate Laws on Labor of 2155
radically changed the employees' perception of their jobs. By introducing the
Corporal Punishment Act, the Corporate Laws literally transformed the way the
employees viewed their relation with the Corporation and the interplays between
the Corporation and their private lives. As they progressively assimilated the
direct relation between professional failure or dishonesty and physical pain of
the rawest, most materially real nature, the salary-men and women working for
the Corporations recreated their relation to their job, and, as logic effect,
their relation to their hierarchy.

This documentary intends to show in the most possible didactic way how the
Corporal Punishment Act is used nowadays, thirty years after it was passed, in
the Corporation's Disciplinary Centers. Through examples and interviews of both
the convicts, Magistrates and Agents, we will try to show how the judiciary
system works, what good it brings and, because it is the case about any form of
system, what its shortcomings are.

Needless to say that the Commission and authors of this documentary have no link
whatsoever with the associations and movements which tend to criticize the Act
on a systematic basis, nor is it related to the new and quite virulent
Association for the Protection of Women's Body, or APWB, which lately attracted
so much publicity by publishing their outrageously exaggerated article
"Frigidity: When the Disciplinary Centers ruin women's sexual health". Which
article, as you'll see in this much more objective documentary, depicts our laws
and their enforcement in the most spectacular way by piling lie upon lie to
advocate their dubious perception of how things could be ruled, namely: not at
all. 



	To begin with, and to put an immediate end to the debate started by the
false allegations contained by the article published by the APWB, we will
propose three interviews, two of which having been recorded in the process of a
judicial treatment by Vaginal Tension and the third one two hours the aforesaid
treatment, in the cell where the convict was brought after she had been viewed
by the gynecologist appointed by the Center.

As you will see these statements, even if they (quite logically) show that the
Corporation punishments are definitely not pleasurable moments for the convicts,
offer a view on the subject of Vaginal Tension which differs quite radically
from the grotesque depiction of maiming delivered in the APWB article.



	Case number one is Jane Taylor, 21 years old, Promoter.

She was found guilty of tax evasion, libel and general dishonest attitude the
course of her work. After several oral warnings and two written Disciplinary
Bills (DB), the Corporate Court of Justice, has condemned Jane to four weeks of
imprisonment plus the corporal punishment known as Vaginal Tension (VT). Thanks
to her lawyer and with regard to her young age and absence of previous
experience of this kind of treatment, the court decided that the VT should be a
mild one, (namely a level 5 out of 9) which, by the way, shows if it ever was
necessary how the judges of the Corporation Court tend to be lenient any time
the case allows them.

The following interview was recorded by one of our female assistants who had
been allowed to be present as the condemnation was in progress. For those who
are lucky enough never to have had the opportunity or obligation of taking an
interest in this kind of corporal punishment it may be useful to specify that a
VT level 5 lasts two hours with a ten minutes break after the first hour which
allows the convict to rest and, if necessary, urinate while the tool known as
the Distender is changed by the agent so as to fix the larger one needed for the
second hour of treatment.

It may also be important to remind our readers that the two Distenders used
during a VT are chosen by a specialist (a gynecologist magistrate) amongst a
collection of 76 such implements and so as to fit both the morphology of the
convict and the purpose of the treatment, which, in the case of a level 5 VT is
what is described in the Corporal Punishment Act as "a medium distension of the
vagina, which shall entail no long term effects on the visual aspect or
sensitiveness of the orifice but is intended to be painful when applied and lead
to moderate aftermath such as a diminution of sexual activity for a period
ranging from two to four weeks, and residual pain and general discomfort for a
period ranging from one to three weeks". 

We chose to interview Jane twenty minutes before the end of the VT in order not
to inspire our detractors with the easy argument that we interviewed the convict
too early during her punishment. What follows is the exact transcription of the
interview.

-" Hi Jane.

- Hi.

- As we told you before the beginning of your VT, we came to ask you question
about the punishment you've been condemned to.

- Yes.

- So can you describe us what you're feeling, I mean... How would you describe
the way you're being treated.

- Well... It's not very pleasant for sure (she smiles). But it's a punishment
isn't it?

- Yes I can see that. Do you mind if I ask to describe your situation for our
readers who might not have any insight in this legal procedure.

- Ok... Well I'm naked and I have my hands cuffed in my back and my ankles are
tied to the high stool by leather bands. I'm sitting astride on the stool and I
have the Distender in... I mean inside my vagina...

- Right, that's also what I see. So now tell us how the punishment proceeded,
how did the agent acted...

- They were very polite. I first had to get undresses and then I was authorized
to use a small amount (editor's note: the legal quantity of lubricant is the
same for all the convicts so as not to favor any one) of gel on my own body.
After that I was handcuffed and asked to...

- You were asked to sit on the stool, weren't you.

- Yes...

- Did the agent let you take some time to make the Distender enter your body.

- Oh yes, yes... They were very patient...

- They didn't make you hurry or did they? I mean, you must have found the
instrument rather large for your pussy at the beginning.

- Yes... Indeed... It took me a little time... You know... It's...

- Yes, I try to imagine even if I never had to experience it myself...

- Let's say you are lucky...

- But about the agents, did they at some point offer to "help you" to make the
Distender enter your body quicker. I mean, if you took a long time.

- No they didn't... They were very kind, very... Nice. They just watched until I
was sitting on the stool and tied my ankles to the stool.

- And how did they act during the break?

- Err... I had to... Go to the toilet and an agent brought me there, and he was
nice enough to offer his arm because... You know... It's hard to walk after one
hour with the Distender... It really dilates the vagina and...

- But you said the agent offered his arm... And how did they act when you had to
sit on the second Distender.

- Oh... It was rather large you know... The first one had enlarged me but...

- yes I know... So it must have been even longer for you to sit on it, and how
did the agent react?

- They were nice, and patient... Very patient... But I had this kind of cramp
and I really couldn't make the second half of it enter my body so I had to...
Ask for help.

- Aaaall right... So you asked for the agents help and what did they do. I mean
how did they help you?

- Hum... One of them pushed me a bit. He pushed on my thighs. He was very
patient, very gentle

- Ok!! And it didn't cause any additional pain or did it?

- Oh no... I don't think so... Well I had to be helped anyway so...

- Ok. And what can you say about your general opinion of your punishment.

- Uh?

- I mean what is your feeling about this kind of sanction, the fairness of it...

- Oh... I... I think it's fair... Yeah I think.. Well, of course it's painful
and I may have some... Problems with my boyfriend during the next few weeks...
But I knew I deserved to be condemned... I mean it's the law isn't it?

- Indeed. And, talking about your boyfriend, how did he react to your sentence?

- I don't know really... Tommy was... A bit upset of course... I mean nobody
would like to know that his girlfriend has to be treated in such a way, it's
logical...

- Yes, it stands to reason: no one relishes the prospect of having his
partner's... Intimate parts ill-treated.

- Well you find any sort of people these days... (she smiles)

- Yes... But still, did he think that it was a fair trial and a fair sentence or
did he resent the fact that your body had to undergo the VT.  

- Oh, you know... He had warned me that I took risks. He had told me many times
that my attitude would lead to a Disciplinary Center, so it didn't really come
as a shock...

- That's what I wanted to hear. So thank you so much for your cooperation Jane
and... Cheer up, it's nearly finished.

- Well... It's quite hard to cheer up now (she smiles). I mean it really hurts
you know... It stretches me and...

- Thank you Jane."



	Case number two is Kimy Kelt, 28 years old, accountant.

Kimy has been recognized guilty of illicit use of confidential document for
financial purposes, a crime ranking amongst the ten most important ones. She has
been condemned to a VT level 9 or "maximum VT punishment" but her lawyer could
get a diminution of her sentence by pleading her professional achievements
previous to her offense. She has therefore been condemned to a VT level 8 and
six weeks imprisonment, the VT being applied after the third week. On grounds of
the very nature of the level 8 VT, this second interview was shorter, for the
convict, as we could easily guess was in too much pain to want to speak to us
more than was strictly necessary. This interview took place before the break
which, in the case of the VT 8 occurs after one hour and a half, the total
length of the punishment being three hours.

-" Hi Kimy.

- Hi.

- I see you're not in an easy situation... (editor's note: Kimy's body is
drenched with sweat and she clearly has cried quite a lot). But as you know I
have to ask you a few questions for our documentary...

- It hurts... That's what I can tell you... I don't even know how I could...
Shove it inside me without tearing...

- Weeell... I can see that you've been through and...

- No you can't! Have you ever been treated like that?

- Nooo... I mean

- So you don't know what I've been through... This... Thing is stretching me in
such a way... That you can't imagine... And it's only the first part...

- Ok... I see it's quite hard to bear. But still, could you tell us what you've
thought of your judgment, was it fair?

- I don't know really... They say it's the law and I've committed a Corporate
crime, I know that; but having my pussy tortured that way... I mean... Have you
seen the one they've prepared for the second half?

(editor's note: the second Distenser is on the small table next to the stool
where Kimy sits. It is rather large but definitely fit with the regulations of
the VT punishment and certainly was chosen wisely with regard to Kimy's
morphology.)

- What do you think this... Thing will do to me? How would you feel if you had
to sit one hour and a half with this into you?

- Err... I don't know. But back to the questions: how did the agent act, were
they polite with you?

- I... I think so... They let me take my time to impale myself... That's all I
can say.

- So they were patient, is that what you mean?

- Yes.

- And I suppose, even if I do agree that it must be very hard for you to bear,
that this condemnation didn't come as a surprise. So would it be too much if I
say that, in a way, you understand that you're being applied a fair treatment
with regard to your offense.

- I don't know... Maybe... But how can it be fair... Having your pussy stretched
like that.

- Of course, it must seem very hard from your actual point of view, but try to
answer me from a rational, legal one.

- (Kimy doesn't seem to listen to our journalist's questions) I tell you I know
I deserved to be punished, but not in such a way. What will my husband say when
he sees my pussy. (she seems to be ready to cry) What will he think when he sees
what they've done to me...

- Yes, it's a bad moment for you, I'm pretty sure, but could you...

- My lawyer told me that it would certainly take more than a month to recover
from this... And I know someone who says that..."

At this point of the interview, our journalist decided to put an end to it as it
was clear that Kimy wouldn't answer our question properly for she was crying and
the agents said that there was only one minute left before her break. And we
knew per advance that she would not be able to answer our question after the
second Distender.



	Case number is Vivian Lowni, 23 years old, lawyer.

She has been sentenced to a VT 9 after she was found guilty of fraud, attempted
conspiracy in the course of illicit reproduction of confidential documents and
attempted corruption of other employees. In addition to the "maximum VT
punishment", she had been sentenced to two months imprisonment, the VT being
applied after the first month. We interviewed her one week after the punishment
so that she could testify on both her sanction and the way her "special
condition" after the punishment was taken into account in the center.

-" Hi Vivian

- Hi.

- So can you first describe your punishment So that our readers can have an
insight on the rather harsh treatment you've received.

- Well. I've been sentenced to VT 9 or "maximum VT punishment", which means that
my vagina has been distended in the... Hardest possible way.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  La Baronne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





