BDSM Library - Fantasies of Submission - The Auction




Fantasies of Submission - The Auction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: One of a series of short stories based on a lifestyle of submission.
SUBMISSION FANTASIES - SLAVE AUCTION

My Mistress, from time to time, takes me to a Fetish Club where slaves are
routinely bought and sold. She does this, not because she wishes to sell me, or
indeed to acquire another slave. Rather, she does it to keep me on my toes by
demonstrating that my disposal is always to be an option should I not continue
to please her. Also, of course, she finds such public displays of dominance and
submission hugely stimulating as, I'm sure she realizes, do I. Many professional
dominants, both Masters and Mistresses make their living by acquiring, and
training slaves exclusively for sale at these auctions.

The auctions are held in the Club's richly appointed main auditorium. At the
center of the room is a raised circular dais. Surrounding this are numerous
leather upholstered sofas and armchairs for the comfort of the attending
dominants. Naked slaves of both sexes flitter about the room serving
refreshments and delicacies to the participants. Some dominants have their own
slaves in attendance, either naked, or dressed in erotically revealing costume,
and kneeling at their feet.

On this particular day my Mistress had seated herself in a comfortable armchair
of rich leather quite close to the dais. I knelt, naked, at her feet, my bald
head resting lightly in her lap with my mouth pressed against the supple leather
of her bulging G-string, demonstrating my subservience to her, and my adoration
of her commanding sexuality.

My erect cock arched up my belly from my smooth hairless crotch, another clear
demonstration of my devotion to my owner. Mistress maintains that a slave with a
stiff cock provides evidence of her power and dominance to her peers,
consequently I am required to maintain a strong erection whenever we are in the
company of others. She spent many years training me in this respect and it is
testament to my dedication to her that, despite the physical burden that
maintaining an erection over prolonged periods causes, I am able to do so almost
indefinitely. Mistress is immensely proud of the fact that my cock is trained to
react to her command exclusively. I remember vividly an event that occurred at
the completion of this training. Mistress took me to the brothel she owns and
operates for a public demonstration of my skills in this area. I was placed in
stringent bondage in the brothel's group sex room, on my back on a bench-like
frame. She ordered my cock erect, and then announced to the small group that
were currently using that facility that she would reward anyone who managed to
make me lose my erection within the four or five hours remaining in that day,
with a month's free use of the brothel's services. Needless to say I was
subjected to hour after hour of mouths, pussies, and assholes on my cock
endeavoring to bring me off and to therefore soften my cock. Despite such
exquisite, and unrelenting torture I am proud to say that I prevailed, which
pleased Mistress immensely. So pleased was Mistress that she rewarded me by
allowing me to orgasm while thrashing  my balls with her light weight tawse.

The illumination in the room suddenly dimmed and the low buzz of conversation
gradually quieted. The club Master mounted the dais and announced that the first
of the night's auctions, that of a transsexual slave,  was about to commence.

A severe looking Mistress, clad entirely in black leather, mounted the dais, and
a small, pretty little thing crawled up after her. The Mistress Reached down and
dragged the slave up to a standing position by its long hair. She then reached
up and pulled down a chain attached to the ceiling and efficiently attached the
slave's wrist cuffs to the chain. She then had an attendant retract the chain
until the slave was standing on tip toes. The slave's ankle cuffs were the
attached to leather straps fixed to the floor of the dais and its legs were
stretched wide apart. The slave's mouth was then gagged with a large ball which
ensured its silence.

The suspended slave was clad in a bizarre costume including Smokey black
stockings encasing its shapely legs, held up by means of a shiny black patent
leather garter belt that rode low on its feminine hips. Its feet were shod in
kid leather pumps with impossibly high spike heels. A tight latex sheath-like
vest encased the slave's substantially sized tits, and a G-string of similar
material contained its improbably large set of male genitals. The slaves smooth
round arse cheeks bulged sexily, and showed obvious signs of having recently
tasted the gifts of the whip.

The sale began immediately the Mistress touched a button that set the circular
dais revolving, ensuring that the bidders all received a good view of the
slave's erotic assets. After about tem minutes the bidding had reached $5000 and
only two buyers were still in the game, a huge, muscular black Master with a
gigantic cock and large bulbous balls that threatened to burst open his black
leather crotch pouch, and an equally physically impressive Mistress whose
massive breasts bulged out of the top of her latex body suite.

The seller stopped the dais rotation as the bidding slowed. She moved around to
the back of the suspended transsexual and slowly unzipped the latex vest that
contained the slave's tits. The vest slipped away revealing the slave's pert
tits bulging out from her slender torso. Her tits were the size of oranges, firm
and smooth and capped with thick pink nipples. The Mistress snaked her arms
around the slaves torso and cupped the jutting orbs in her hands and squeezed
them strongly.   her sharp fingernails sliced into the rubbery meat of the
nipples causing them to stiffen in response to the shape pain.

This erotic spectacle caused the bidding to speed up once again, and it soon
reached $10,000.  The Mistress then continued to unveil the assets of her
offering. She slid her hands down the slave's body, over her quivering belly,
until her fingers came in contact with the rubber G-string. . She quickly
flicked at the G-string catches, and it slipped away to reveal the slave's
smoothly shaven crotch. A six inch long cock hung down over smooth balls. The
Mistress reached into the slave's crotch and cupped the balls in her fingers and
squeezed them with sadistic ferocity. The slave thew her head back, and her 
torso tautened with the pain the brutal squeezing caused.

The audience watched in fascination as the slave's cock slowly, but surely
lengthened and stiffened in response to the savage torture of her balls until it
stood proud and throbbing along her lean belly. A clear bubble of creamy pre-cum
oozed from the tip of the slave's pulsating cock while the Mistress continued to
cruelly torment her chattel's pain filled balls. The awesome Mistress bidding
for the slave raised her offer to $20,000, and appeared to have been successful
until the seller revealed the last two of her offering's unique talents.

She had the chain leading to the ceiling loosened so that the slave's body could
be bent forward at the waist. Then she reached down and parted the lush cheeks
of the slave's shapely bottom to reveal the base of a dildo buried up her arse.
The Mistress the grasped the base of the dildo and slowly extracted it from her
offering's arsehole. The audience audibly gasped as in after inch of thick dildo
oozed out until fully twelve inches of rubber cock finally popped free.

The Mistress quickly, after proudly displaying the dildo to the spectators,
unclipped the slave's ball gag which fell away from her face. She bent the
slave's head back and positioned the tip of the dildo at her lips. The audience
watched as the slave began to swallow the dildo, their sense of amazement
growing as inch after inch was swallowed until, incredibly, the slave had
swallowed the entire twelve inches and the thick base stretched her lips wide.

The bidding soon reached a frenzy between the two remaining dominants. It was
soon clear that the huge Master was not going to stop until he had successfully
purchased the slave however, and the Mistress disappointedly pulled out at
$50,000.

The Master took immediate possession of his new chattel.  Assisted by the happy
seller he freed his slave from her bondage. She assisted the Master in encasing
the slave's arms in a binder that reached from her armpits to the tips of her
fingers. The Master then took his slave back to his position in the audience and
immediately bent her body over the back of his chair. He popped the studs that
held his crotch pouch in place and the length of his magnificent erect penis
jumped free in all twelve inches of  its glory, its extreme arousal no doubt
prompted by the sheer erotic nature of the auction.

He bent it out from his groin and placed its dripping, purple head against the
pout of his new slave's arsehole and waited. The transsexual slave paused
momentarily, then shook her bottom sexily and bore back on her new Master's
throbbing rod. She squealed with delight as inch after inch of the awesome
weapon slid easily into her welcoming arsehole, not stopping until all of it was
inside her and her Master's huge testicles rested against her own smoothly
shaven eggs.

The Master began to deeply fuck his new slave's eager arsehole while another
Master began to prepare a female slave for sale.

This slave for sale was tiny, no more than four foot six tall, even in her spike
heeled shoes. Her entire body was encased, even her head, in a latex rubber body
suit. The slave was tiny enough to have been a child except for the prominent
bulges on her torso which were testament to a set of tits that could not have
belonged to anyone less than mature. Large thick nipples were clearly
discernable through the thin black rubber. The thin rubber was tautly stretched
over a shapely pair of arse cheeks, and the long thick lips of her sex slot were
well defined by the rubber sheath. She was quickly attached to the dais, her
spike heel shod feet two feet above the floor, and stretched extremely wide by
the shackles. Her Master set the dais rotating and the bidding began, quite
slowly.

The bidding remained slow until the selling Master began to show more of his
offering's wares. He stopped the dais and stepped up to the suspended, rubber
clad body. He reached out to the slave's tits and tore two patches of rubber
from the apexes of the bulging mounds and revealed the slave's large pink
nipples, stiff and bulging, and with heavy rings piercing them. This act caused
a small surge in the bidding, but it soon waned once more.

The Master then retrieved a tool and again approached his suspended slave's
body. He used this tool to stretch the two inch openings through which her
nipples now protruded to a width of five inches. Then, in turn, he reached into
the holes with his free hand and drew out a surprisingly large tit, and then
used the tool to push the gaping holes in the slave's suit back until they were
flush with her torso. When the tool was released the holes tried to again shrink
which caused the slave's tits to bulge obscenely, and their nipples to further
swell and redden as they became further engorged. The Master stood back once
again to fully reveal the slave whose body was seen to be shuddering with the
pain that now flooded her grotesquely swollen tits.

A fresh surge in the bidding followed, but again waned, all too soon for the
Master, who again approached his slave. Her rubber encased head was thrown back
and her tortured breathing caused her pain filled tits to shiver sexily. Wasting
no time the Master quickly removed a patch of rubber from her out-thrust crotch.
The Master also reached up and removed her head covering before moving back to
allow the watchers to see the slave.

The selling Master stood with a look of self satisfied pride on his face as his
slave was revealed with all her wares on display, and the bidding soon reflected
the interest of the prospective buyers in owning such a delicious chattel. The
slave's head was totally hairless, even to the extent that she had no eyebrows,
and her mouth was filled with a gag which, when removed, was seen to be in the
shape of a penis of nine inches length graphically illustrating her ability to
accommodate the male organ orally.

It was her newly revealed pussy that really got the bidders interested. It was,
of course, smooth and hairless. Its long thick outer lips were pierced at one
inch intervals with thick golden rings. The inner lips which drooped obscenely
because of her stretched posture were also decorated with numerous golden rings,
smaller than those of the outer ones. Her clit, even in its dormant state was
unusually large and thick and had had its hood removed. It too, was ringed at is
base with a golden ring.

While the dais slowly revolved, displaying the slave so graphically the bidding
continued in animated fashion. The Master reached out to his slowly revolving
offering and tore a strip of rubber off her to reveal her shapely, sexily
bulging bottom cheeks. When the bidding reached a respectable $30000 the Master
stopped the dais and began to viscously slash the slave's defenseless arse
cheeks with a riding crop.

This cruel act had two effects. Firstly the slave, even though she was no longer
gagged hardly made any sound at all, despite the savage hurt being ruthlessly
visited on her. An attentive listener might had detected a slight whimper with
each brutally delivered stroke, but no more. Secondly was the effect in her
crotch that the infliction of punishment caused. The spike of her ringed
clitoris began to stiffen with the fall of the first stroke, and was soon hard
and fully erect. Equally bizarre was the fact that clear juices began to drip,
literally, from her gaping cunt with the advent of her torment thus proving that
the slave was a true masochist to whom sexual ecstasy, and pain and suffering
were indistinguishable.

The auction was completed with a bid of $40,000, and the sale was completed to a
young male. The selling Master, once the sale was complete, replaced all the
rubber patches he had removed on the suspended slave and then lowered her body
from its bondage. The young Master took possession of his new plaything, threw
her over his shoulder and left the dais. As he returned to his seat he passed
the huge Master, successful in the previous auction, just as he withdrew his
monster penis from the transsexual's aching arsehole, flipped her around until
she knelt between his knees gazing at the throbbing penis an inch or two in
front of her wide eyes. The Master grasped her by her hair and drew her face to
his organ and waited. The pretty transsexual, with a sigh of delight snaked out
her long wet tongue and lovingly laved her Master's mighty penis, from base to
tip, savoring the spicy flavor of her own arsehole on the rigid flesh. The
Master, having sampled the talents of his new slave's tight arsehole now settled
back to luxuriate in the pleasures of her busy, submissive tongue.

The young Master reached his own seat and settled back comfortably. He grasped
his slave by her tiny waist and effortless picked her up and flipped her around
until her feet were pointed towards the ceiling, and her head was poised over
his crotch. A passing club slave, in response to the Master's command, reached
into his crotch and efficiently freed his erect penis from the leather confines
of his trousers. The Master then tore the patch from the slave's mouth and
withdrew the dildo gag. He then lowered her mouth onto his penis. She swallowed
his length completely until her lips were stretched around its thick base and
her chin rested on the tops of his tight, sap filled testicles. While the Master
settled down to enjoy his slave's avid sucking he casually squeezed and rubbing
at her rubber encased groin.

By this time my own Mistress' excitement had grown considerably and she had
unclasped her red leather G-string and drew it from her hips. While her spike
heels rested casually in my lap my adoring tongue began to lap sensuously up and
down her stiffened pole, laving her tight balls at the bottom of each languid
stroke.

The third, and final offering for that day was being prepared. This time it was
a male slave, covered completely by a full length black leather cloak,  that a
Master and Mistress was attaching to the dais. At the same time a pair of
youthful Mistresses moved up and took up seats as close to the dais as possible,
obviously interested in this latest offering.

Once the slave was firmly attached the Master removed the cloak with a flourish,
to reveal the slave he and his partner were offering. The slave was at least six
feet tall with short cropped blond hair. A large ball gag ensured his silence,
and a steel ring, two inches in diameter hung from his nose. He was naked except
for a red satin garter belt holding up the pink stockings that encased his
muscular legs. Red patent leather pumps with heels at least six inches in length
were attached to his feet.

The slave's cock was erect, and at least ten inches in length. It was encased,
from base to tip in a laced up kid leather sheath. His balls were also contained
in a pouch of the same material, and bulged lewdly at the base of his captive
cock. A leather strap, attached to the sack encasing his balls, was drawn up
through the crack between his muscular arse cheeks and attached to a thick
leather collar around his neck. His abnormally large nipples were also ringed
with steel circles.

While the slave's body slowly rotated the bidding reached $15,000 before it
began to slow. Once this happened the Mistress stopped the dais' rotation and
knelt down at the slave's widely separated feet. She quickly unlaced the pouch
containing his balls and drew it away to reveal them to the audience. The balls
were smoothly shaven and the size of turkey eggs, and were intricately tattooed
with a scene of torture. A shiny steel ring hung from the base of each of each
ball,  and the slave's thighs knotted and his chest heaved when the Mistress
hung a pair of kilogram weights from each of these rings and allowed them to
drop free.

As the bidding picked up the Master also approached the slave and began to
unlace the sheath enclosing the slave's cock. When he had removed the sheath the
slave's erect cock was fully revealed. The long thick organ was covered with
exquisite tattoos depicting scenes of cock torture, and a thick steel ring
pieced the cock through the loose folds of skin behind its thick bulging head.
The Master hooked a weight to this ring and allowed it to fall. The slave
grunted through his gag as the pain hit him, and struggled to maintain his cock
in its upstanding state. The Master chuckled scornfully at his chattel's
efforts, and added another weight to the ring. This caused the slave's tormented
cock to be pulled down from his trembling belly revealing the words tattooed on
his lower belly: I AM A SLAVE COCK - PUNISH ME FOREVER.

The bidding climaxed for this slave at $60,000. The successful bid was tendered
by the two young Mistresses much to the annoyance of the matronly Mistress who
had once again been outbid. The huge Dominatrix took out her frustration on one
of the house slaves, an equally huge black man. The slave's face was wedged
between the Mistress' enormous bottom cheeks and his tongue was avidly suckling
her piquant anal opening while she lashed at his erect cock with a viscous cock
whip.

The sellers replaced the slave's cock and ball sheaths and assisted his new
owners in unshackling him from the dais. One of the young Mistresses snapped a
leash through his nose ring while the other, having forced him down onto hands
and knees, mounted his back. As her sister led the slave from the dais she
brutally lashed his smooth arse cheeks with a supple riding whip.

The trio passed the monster Master whose new transsexual slave still knelt
between his wide spread legs with her mouth still busy on his erect cock, taking
its dripping head into her wide mouth and sucking strongly on it. The cruel
Master had clamped the slave's hard nipples, and her stiff little cock suffered
under his heavy boot heels while he savored the attentions of her adoring mouth.

Heading back to their seats the trio also passed by the young Master and his new
little latex clad slave. The Master had removed the covering from the tiny
slave's pussy and was amusing himself by casually raping her pussy with a brutal
spiked dildo while, at the same time torturing her erect clitoris with a pair of
tweezers.

With the announcement that the sales were over the assembly degenerated into an
orgy of sex and pain. Slave's were being punished throughout the room while
Masters and Mistresses were being worshipped and pleasured by them in a wide
varieties of ways.

My own Mistress had enlisted the aid of two youthful Mistress whom she was using
to punish my throbbing cock and aching balls while I sucked her fabulous penis
for all I was worth in my eternally adoring mouth.  She had me standing between
her wide flung thighs, with my own legs also spread wide and bent at the knees,
with her cock buried deeply in my working throat.

One of the young Mistresses stood behind me cruelly lashing my dancing balls
with a crop while the other squatted between my thighs and amused herself by
vigorously masturbating my long stiff cock with a sandpaper covered glove. I
thrilled to the pain being inflicted while Mistress' cock began to pulse wildly
deep in my throat as her pleasure mounted.  When she finally began to ejaculate
her issue into my mouth she called on my slave cock to cum in unison.  My
submissive brain exploded in ecstasy, as much from the exquisite pleasure that
the flooding of my mouth with her delicious cock cream brought, than the
pleasure of my own orgasmic explosion. While I savored, and swallowed the issue
of my Mistress' cock my own slave scum spat from my tormented cock onto the
floor beneath my gyrating crotch while the pitiless young Mistress squeezed and
milked every last drop from it.

Mistress and I collapsed, temporarily sated after the cataclysmic climaxes we
had each achieved. The two young Mistresses moved off to seek other scenes to
partake in. After a few minutes Mistress roused herself from her post orgasmic
stupor and announced that it was time to leave.  She commanded my to clean up my
mess and I immediately began to lap up the pool of cum from the floor. When I
had completed this demeaning task Mistress quickly attached a small chain to my
nose ring, connecting it to the heel of her boot, and strode off towards the
door. I crawled along behind her with my lips glued to the heel of her boot.

When we reached the door she spoke briefly with the Master of the house. In the
course of their conversation the Master indicated a desire to take a piss.
Mistress leant down and detached the chain from my nose ring and commanded me to
attend to the Master.  I dutifully rose up on my knees and, after submissively
kissing it,  took the head of the Master's limp, drooping cock in my mouth and
waited. While I gulped down the stream of warm salty liquid that flooded into my
mouth the Master sighed contentedly and informed my Mistress that he would make
her a considerably richer person if she were prepared to part with me. I glowed
with pleasure when Mistress informed him that she was not interested selling
such a devoted chattel.

As soon as the Master had finished relieving himself Mistress re-attached my
nose chain and we left the building and crossed the lawn to Mistress' waiting
limousine. A slave attendant waited by the car and, after submissively kissing
the toe of one of Mistress' boots, opened the door to the vehicle..

Mistress unchained me and I hurriedly crawled into the dark interior of the
vehicle and began to arrange my body into its travelling bondage.  Scrambling
onto the floor below the drivers seat I lay my head in the purpose built
indentation in the seat, face up, with my face level with the surface of the
seat. Then I awkwardly bent my legs back and attacked my ankles to shackles on
either side of the backrest of the seat. I similarly placed my wrists in another
set of shackles adjacent to the ones that now held my ankles. Mistress leaned in
and snapped the wrist shackles closed, thus I was in my travelling bondage and
eagerly awaited Mistress entering.

Mistress was assisted into the car by the attending slave and seated herself
comfortably. I thrilled with submissive delight when her gorgeous bottom split
widely and the svelte cheeks descended towards my adoring face. My nose slipped
between those cheeks and I breathed in the delightful aroma of my Mistress. Mt
long tongue shot out of my mouth and began to loving lave the piquant pout of
Mistress' glorious anus.

Mistress started the vehicle's engine and we drove off. When we reached the
freeway Mistress steered with one hand and used the other to stroke my
throbbingly erect cock. Whenever we had to stop at  traffic lights she would
wile away the time by savagely squeezing my tender balls in her gloved fist
until her attention was once again required to drive.

All through the journey home I made passionate love to the delectable asshole of
my Mistress, tonguing it tenderly, driving my tongue deeply into its humid
depths and  savored the submissive thrill of being a slave to such a beautiful,
and commanding Mistress.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hawker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





