BDSM Library - A Slave's Consensual Fun




A Slave's Consensual Fun
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tales of a slave who regularly meets with his cyber-mistress who enjoys teasing him, penetrating him and making him indulge in self-bondage.
A Slave's Consensual Fun

He had been looking forward to his mistress's visit ever since they had decided
on it.  He had never met her in the flesh before and so was quite nervous
regarding her first instruction; tying himself up ready for her arrival.  She
had specified that he should be tied spread-eagled to the bed, blindfolded, with
the door to his apartment unlocked when she arrived.  Though she had at least
said he could use handcuffs with quick-releases in case he urgently needed to
get out.

He considered getting ready but only doing the final steps when he heard someone
coming.  But she had thought of that; equipped with a video mobile phone she
told him to turn his webcam on and point it at himself so she could verify he
was ready from the time they agreed until she actually arrived.

As the time approached he turned on the webcam, stripped naked, and began tying
his feet to either bedpost.  He suddenly felt stupid for doing this, as he sat
on his bed naked with his legs tied, but it was too late to go back now...  He
put on his blindfold and snapped on the handcuffs and waited.  Time always seems
longer in the dark with nothing to do, so he had no idea how long it was before
he heard his door open.  It felt like hours but was probably twenty minutes at
most. 

"Ah well done slave," he heard her say.  "Just how I wanted you, and all excited
too."  There was no possible way to hide his erection that had come about from
the excitement of waiting for his mistress's arrival.  She quickly replaced his
handcuffs, he presumed with ones that had no quick release - he was really bound
now...

"Would my slave like some relief by any chance?" she asked innocently.

"Yes please mistress," he said in his best humble-slave voice.

"In that case I can help you, because I am a very kind mistress," she said, with
a hint of irony.  Suddenly he felt her lubed hand slide down over the end of his
dick, and he couldn't stop himself moaning.

"I'm glad you like that slave.  Does it feel all tight and wet like my pussy
would?"

"Yes, mistress, it does," he said, hoping that was the right answer.

"Good - well in that case I want you to do it what you would do to my pussy
because I'm not moving my hand until I've seen you come, slave."  He realised
that she meant it - he would have to thrust into her hand if he wanted any
pleasure.  He adjusted his legs and began to thrust upwards into her hand as
best he could.

She surveyed the naked man humping her hand with delight - she had always wanted
a man to do whatever she wanted with, and she was having good fun with this one,
enjoying the power she had over him as he thrust into her sticky lubed hand.

He was enjoying himself, much as he hated to admit it.  He know he looked stupid
but it was still pleasureable, the tight hand sliding smoothly up and down his
long shaft, and he loved being dominated.  However he couldn't quite go fast
enough or get the right angle to make him come.

"Does slave want some help?" she asked, sensing a slow-down in his movements. 
He nodded and her hand suddenly leapt into life, stroking up and down as fast as
any man could do.  He came so suddenly and violently it surprised even him, his
come spraying all over his chest and the bed.  He heard her laugh as his orgasm
subsided.

"Well, I'm very impressed!  You must have enjoyed that quite a lot.  Well now it
is time for my pleasure."  He felt her weight on the bed and then his limp cock
twitched as he felt her thighs either side of his head.  She lowered herself
down he could not only smell her wetness, but his nose was buried in her vagina
and her juices were starting to dribble on to his chin.  He could just about
breathe ok, and began licking her clitoris with his tongue as fast as he could. 
More wetness began to dribble down onto his face and he could tell from her
ragged breathing and occasional moans that she was really getting off on it.  It
wasn't long before she orgasmed, her body slumping forwards in orgasmic bliss.

"I'm very impressed slave," she told him as she turned herself round.

"What would you like me to pleasure you with now?  My mouth?" She kissed him,
running her tongue around his lips to tease him.

"My breasts?" He felt the smooth flesh of her breasts rubbing against his chest.

"My pussy?  You've already tasted that.  Or maybe because you're a man, you'd
want my ass...  I think I know what I shall do for you."  She gets off the bed
and rummages around in her bag to find the condoms.  She picked out a ribbed one
and rolled it down onto his again-hard cock.  Then she mounted him and slid
slowly down onto his hard enclosed dick.  He moaned but thankfully he hadn't
come - she was worried about the effect going inside her might have on him if he
was too turned on.  Now began the fun, teasing, part.  She sat upright on his
rock-solid penis, and began playing with herself.  She made sure to slide her
finger too far down at times onto what was still exposed of his dick so that he
would know what she was up to, pleasuring herself but not him.  Usually a dildo
and her fingers were enough but a real cock was sooo much better she thought as
she felt orgasm approaching.

He heard her moans as she orgasmed, and he realised that he would get no relief. 
"Did you want me to pleasure you as well slave?" she asked.  "Yes, yes please
mistress," he gushed, so turned on he couldn't believe it.  "I'll make you a
deal - I'll make you come if you agree to drink the condom afterwards," she said
gleefully.  He was so turned on that he didn't even register the terms, and just
cried "yes of course mistress."

He gasped out loud as she began to slowly move up and down on his hard shaft,
taking it slowly to pleasure him but never going too fast, to make sure he
didn't come too quickly.  He was having the time of his life as she sped up and
made him come in long bursts into the condom.  His arching back came to rest on
the bed again as his orgasm subsided and she got off the bed.  He felt the
condom being carefully taken off and suddenly he remembered what he had agreed
to.

"Mistress, I'm not so sure about this..." he said, his horniness replaced by a
sense of dread.

"Slave, I have you tied to a bed with no possible means of release.  Do you have
any idea what I could do to punish you if you refuse?" she said sternly.  He
knew she was right, and obeyed her "Open wide!" instruction...  He almost gagged
as the first load of his come dripped from the condom but he quickly swallowed
the salty solution and found that it wasn't actually too bad as long as he
swallowed quickly.  He couldn't believe how much he had come but finally he had
taken it all.  She looked at her helpless slave swallowing his own come with
pride - this was her dreams come true.   But she had more plans...

He had told her ages ago during their on-line chats that he had used a small
butt plug in the past, and this had given her ideas.  It was these plans she had
in mind now as she tied him so that he was on all fours on the bed, his hands
tied together to the headboard, and his legs tied apart with his ass fully
exposed.  She ballgagged him for good measure in case he made noise, put on a
latex glove, and slowly, finger by finger, inserted four fingers into his ass. 
He had cried out a little at times but he made no serious attempts to stop her. 
She enjoyed how much in control she was as she withdrew her fingers and inserted
an inflatable butt plug.  Of course he didn't realise it was inflatable until it
started getting bigger in his ass, she thought, smiling.  By the time she had
finished, his ass was so relaxed and stretched, it was still slightly open when
nothing was in it.

He finally relaxed as she stopped playing with his ass.  That had been delving
into real S&M for him, as it really had hurt at times but each time she had let
him recover so he wasn't too angry, though the ball gag prevented him telling
her what he thought about her doing it without asking.  Though he would admit to
himself that he was still enjoying himself, as being a slave was all about being
forced into kinky things you didn't want to do.  After a short while, he felt
his hands being untied and then pulled upwards.  He realised they were on some
kind of cord and too late remember her asking him to install that pulley in the
ceiling.  He suddenly found himself on his knees, with his hands bound above
him, preventing him from actually sitting on his haunches; as it was his shins
were on the bed but the rest of him was approaching vertical.

He felt her climb on the bed underneath him, and he began to envision her
sucking him off in this position, and his already erect cock twitched in the
naked air.  His body slowly slumped down as the cord holding his hands was
gradually released.  He wondered what she had planned when suddenly his ass
bumped down onto something hard.  And plastic.  It was a greased dildo and she
was lowering him down onto it... He thought of trying to miss it but she still
had him totally bound, and as he felt her prying his ass cheeks apart he knew he
had no choice.

He cried out as he slid down onto the plastic strap-on, his ass opening to
engulf the invader.  Since she had prepared him it wasn't painful, and he slid
fairly easily down to the base of her strap-on.  Just as he had settled, she
thrust upwards and he was pushed skywards.  She continued to bounce him up and
down with her thrusts, and he felt totally dominated, impaled on her strap-on,
totally bound and riding her up and down.

Suddenly he felt his hands being tugged in a different direction and before he
knew it they were fastened to the headboard, leaving him leaning forwards and
her still thrusting gently into him.  Then he felt a lubed hand slide down
around his penis.

"Remember this?" he heard her say, her first words in ages.  "You know what you
have to do."  He hated the thought of it but though he couldn't believe it, his
cock was hard again.  He started to move himself up and down on her to stimulate
himself but knew he would never be able to come.

"I think you need some encouragement," she said and suddenly his blindfold was
whipped off.  As his eyes adjusted to the light he saw her for the first time. 
She was beautiful, with long blonde flowing hair, an incredibly pretty face, and
amazing breasts and figure that he could see.  She smiled and moved her hand up
and down his penis once, and he started thrusting again, this time with renewed
vigour as he couldn't believe the beauty that was doing this to him.  Finally he
exploded all over her body, shooting come onto her perfect breasts.

She grinned as she put the blindfold back on and used the pulley mechanism again
to pull him off her.  He was still in a blissful state after his orgasm as she
tied him to the bed as she had found him, spread-eagled with his original
handcuffs.

"You'll be able to pull yourself free now, but if you do it before I ring your
phone in about 5 minutes time I'll see as I've put the webcam back on.  And my
punishment for that would be not coming back next week," she said with a
flourish as she turned and left, leaving him unable to wait until next week...

To be continued???...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





