BDSM Library - The Initiation of Alexis




The Initiation of Alexis
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mistress Darcy explains what is expected of her new Sub prior to taking ownership by marking her charge with a golden shower.
The Initiation of Alexis





"I like you. But understand, you are my bitch." She said.

Al nodded hesitantly.

"You will lick me when I say "Lick". If I say "Eat me, bitch." You will do it
without question and without hesitation." Darcy said. "You are my bitch. I own
your tongue. I own your body. I own your mind. You will do my bidding. You are
mine, bitch."

"Yes." Said Al.

"I am kind," Darcy said. "Sometimes to a fault. It may be necessary to give you

tasks that keep humility close to your heart. A submissive is obliged to display
her willingness to grovel, her keenness to engage in the most shameful chores,
her eagerness to perform unspeakable deeds of squalor, for the merest comfort of
her Mistress. Acts deemed abhorrent or detestable in common life become rites of
veneration, testimony of the bitch's indentured surrender."



 "For instance, if I, at some time, find I have no toilet paper within easy
reach, perhaps it might take as much as five seconds to have my bitch - you
-fetch a new roll, a true submissive would rather lick my ass clean - clean do
you hear? - than to have me wait. She would eagerly relish the chance to
validate her Mistress's confidence. Are you ready to accept the privilege of
licking my ass? Are you willing to allow yourself the joy of knowing my asshole
is kept squeaky clean by becoming my human shit squeegee, bitch?

 "Yes." Said Al.

"Perhaps I am out somewhere and realize I left my money at home." Darcy mused.
"It may be necessary to sell your ass to whatever taker is in the vicinity. Say
I need a pack of gum and the only person around is a homeless beggar. You would
be obliged to take him to the alley (behind a trash container possibly) and
service his need in exchange for a portion of the loose change he has collected.
He may opt to drape you over a pile of rotting garbage and rape your asshole.
Though buried in decaying maggot infested putrefaction with the grimy prong of a
human compost heap ramming your rump, punk-humping the dearest part of you, you
will be in Bitch-paradise. You will be serving your Mistress."



"Or perhaps he prefers humping your mouth and shooting his polluted semen in
your face (possible after he raped your asshole), in which case you will be
expected to bring me the loose change before wiping his filthy rancid jism from
your smiling face. You will be smiling because you have tended to your
Mistress's needs at the mere price of desecrating your body."



"I would never allow you the humiliation of being sexually dominated by animals,
dogs and horses and such. Many Mistresses routinely amuse themselves by using
their subs in this manner (after all you are our property.). It is a legitimate
use of the slave/bitch." Darcy continued." But as I told you I am kind. I would
never allow you to desecrate your body, with a beggar or anyone else, for my
simple amusement. Your self-abasement must serve some need of the Mistress, or
it is simple sadism. Your Mistress is no sadist, far from it." 



"Of course, by the time you returned with fruits of your alley orgy I may have
decided I would rather have a candy bar in which case you would be compelled by
your sense of duty to beg the beggar to do extra service on him for the
necessary coin. After all that I may decide I should really cut back on my
sweets and not get anything, in which case I would return the decrepit creature
his money and thank him profusely for doing me the favor. You would then be
obsessed, if you have any sense of decency at all, with the hope that I change
my mind once again so you can repeat the process. You will daydream of
situations such as these for the chance to repay my kindness. My kind acceptance
of you as my servant bitch... my devoted slave. Such thoughts will consume you.
Is this not so? Speak!" 

"It is so, my Mistress."

"Bitch, I will show you things." Said Darcy. "I will educate my bitch in the
ways of pleasure. My pleasure. You, my bitch, will learn to appreciate each
waking moment that I allow you to pleasure me. Such is the Way of the Bitch. My
pleasure will acquire the aspect of higher education, of understanding and of
discernment - of art. While you are in the service of such a Mistress as I the
life of a bitch/slave will be an apprenticeship of joy.  In your servitude you
will fathom the depths of my wondrous capacity to luxuriate in sensual pleasure,
bitch, you will be privy to me wallowing in ecstasy. You will know, fully, the
pleasure of the bitch. The great accomplishment of satisfying your Mistress will
fill you, my bitch/slave, with the ultimate jewel of bitch-pride and
slave-gratification, the reflected sexual triumph of her champion Mistress's
total domination. You will experience the splendor of my overwhelming exuberance
at breaking down your puny selfish impulses. You will passively endorse my
actions in ripping the heart of "I" from your tawdry thoughts until it hurts you
to think of yourself at all, separate from pleasing me.  Does that not excite
you, my bitch?"

"Yes my beautiful Mistress." Al said.

"It should." Said Darcy. "Look at me. Delight in my beauty. Revere it. Bow down
before it and be grateful for my charity in sharing it with, you, my bitch."

Darcy held her arms out and twirled herself slowly around displaying her long,
lithe, body. From the top of her five-foot nine-inch frame to the soles of her
perfect feet she was a collection of smooth flowing lines that curved into the
contours of an artist's stylized version of modern womanly perfection.

 Any resistance was beaten down, useless, against this super human form.

Al understood she did not deserve to breathe the same air as this triumphant
lady. That she could be near to her at all, an actual part of her life, was a
miracle. She trembled at her good fortune. This was more than she bargained for
only because it was more than she had ever dreamed of. 

"Alright." Darcy said. "As a symbol of the bitch's devotion to her Mistress, a
symbol of my ownership of you, as a symbol of your adoring surrender to me, step
to the shower stall and kneel."

Al did this.

"Bitch, do you accept the shower of your Mistress's piss as a symbol of my right
to dominate your existence, your body and your being?" Darcy asked.

"Yes, my Mistress." Said Al.

 "You are my vanquished, conquered bitch, utterly given over to your Mistress."
Darcy continued. "By indulging to be anointed by the waters of my hallowed piss
you serenely acquiesce to my unconditional total domination of you, your
abdication of any rights whatsoever, is this not so, my conquered, beaten down,
servile, bitch? Do you willingly abandon all self-respect and dignity to me?"

"Yes, my Mistress." Said Al.

"For my part," said Darcy, "I will train you to love your servility, I promise,
you will glory in your submission to me, my bitch. I chose you as mine. You are
my coveted possession. All I ask is that you please me at every opportunity, at
any given moment.  You will cherish my weakest whim as your strongest desire. I
ask nothing of you, really, and you get everything in return.  You leave a
common existence of contemptible emptiness and awaken to the fullness of  a life
that places my happiness as the sole purpose for your avowed existence. For the
first time in your life you will experience true fulfillment. My pleasure is
your highest goal, your sole means of contentment; this is what you wish, is it
not? To pay any price to keep me rosy and bright?"

"Yes, my Mistress." Said Al.

"The nurturing of a slave-bitch requires total commitment on my part. I must
forgo the daily activities I hold dear so that I may cultivate in you an
expertise at your chosen avocation - the utter submission to your Mistress's
absolute sexual contentment. I could pleasure myself better than any mangy cur
such as yourself could ever hope to. With one finger I can bring myself to joy
beyond your talent to deliver. Can you understand the frustration a Mistress
feels as she surrenders her sexual treasures to the inept licks of her fledgling
submissive? Knowing the joy she could bring herself with one rub of her finger?
You are pathetic. You are wretched. You are a shabby excuse for a loathsome
slovenly wench.

Yet I feel as though fate has delivered you to me. To help you. ...to impart in
you an ideal of the highest aim and import. To awaken you to your true calling,
boundless devotion to the impeccable excellence that is I, your Mistress. I have
a weakness for hopeless, lost souls, this I confess. That I take possession of
you I do admit that you have assets to be pilfered. Though not equal to my time. 
They shall be plundered, pillaged, from you without your consent. Therefore I
will bring myself, lower myself, to taking you as my slave-bitch. Do you
recognize the enormous sacrifice I am undertaking for your well being as I lift
your paltry tattered ass out of oblivion? "

 "Yes, my Mistress." Said Al.



Darcy stood over the kneeling Al. She bent down now, taking Al's face in both
her hands, she paused looking into Al's eyes and then kissed her full on the
lips.

Darcy stood up again. Her pussy dripped with pungent evidence of her arousal at
the words she uttered. Darcy knew she could never ask Al to act out the images
she so eloquently rendered but most of the fun she anticipated in her role as
Mistress/ Domme would be verbal. To hear Al answer with unwavering, subservient
devotion, her every claim and request, stoked Darcy's soul with a flowering
intoxication.



Supreme dominion over her sovereign flunky shocked her system with the energy
born of omnipotence; omnipotence both accepted and requested by her sexual
shlep. Al's tribute shone in her eyes and lighted Darcy's need to play out the
ritual.   



"Okay." Said Darcy. "My darling submissive, Alexis, I adorn you with the piss of
your exalted Mistress. By the expressed consent of your own wishes, as my
unworthy subordinate, I honor you as my attendant slave, my devoted bitch. Any
words?"



"Please shower me with your life giving piss, my Mistress." Al asked.



Darcy began to piss on Al's head. The naked Mistress leaned back her gorgeous
form to direct her sanctifying stream against Al's forehead. The force
splattering droplets in all directions. Al leaned her head back and opened her
mouth to catch the golden warmth of Darcy's wetness.

Darcy's urine now saturated Al completely but still flowed. Darcy pulled Al's
face to her pussy filling Al's mouth with the tepid deep colored liquid as fast,
then faster, than Al could drink it down.

The flow trickled to a stop and Darcy released her bitch to a coughing fit as
she gagged on the liquid waste of her Mistress.

"Thank you, Mistress Darcy." Al said.

"Bitch, towel yourself off." Said Darcy. "But do not rinse my piss from your
body. Leave the stink of me on you for this day."

"It doesn't stink, Mistress Darcy." Al said.

"My odor then, bitch..." Darcy told her. "My scent... leave it on you, my
surrendered bitch."

"Yes, Mistress Darcy." Al said eyes bright with joy.

"Animals and beasts in the wild mark their possessions, their territory, with
their piss, my vanquished subject." Darcy told her. "You carry my mark now,
bitch. Inside and out. You are mine, totally. You have forsaken free will for
the will of your Mistress. You have come to the realization that complete
subjugation to me holds treasures beyond anything available to you on your own."



" I hold your will, your relinquished volition, in my hand. Mistress Darcy has
granted you the favor of accepting your free will, your freedom and identity,
your rubbish and refuse. Your life, such as it is, worthless and wanting, is now
transformed into an enterprise of great significance. You exist for me, through
me. The slightest act on my behalf, trimming my toenails possibly... makes pale
any deed you could possible do for your own sake. Think of the bliss I give to
you. Think of it! You will revel in my most tiny needs. If I take glee in
watching you lick my piss then you also shall pleasure in it."



"Yes, Mistress Darcy." Al said as she finished toweling herself.

"Here my, bitch." Darcy said handing Al a cotton robe. "Put this on and kneel at
my chair, bitch. You are sweet, my bitch. I will enjoy training you."



Al didn't actually remember the precise moment she realized she was to become a
slave, a possession. From the start she was intrigued at the notion of having
anything to do with Ms Darcy at all. She was so beautiful, so kind. Al's initial
thought was that she would wait on Darcy, giving pedicures or light massage, in
exchange for personal grooming tips and general mentoring. The Domme/Submissive
aspect hadn't occurred to her. She had not known of the existence of such a
relationship. Not among real normal people.



Once Al's mind grasped the fact that Darcy meant to own her... to lay claim to
her being... to possess her as a thing, as an object, then-for the first time in
her adult life - she knew true joy. She would practically be part of Darcy,
wouldn't she? She would be hers like an extension of the body. Darcy had a right
hand, a heart and now a bitch. But only she - her Bitch - chose to become part
of Darcy. Didn't that count for something? Al was Darcy's bitch. The thought of
it thrilled her.



If only Darcy would reach down between my legs right now, she thought, and feel
the drippings of my cunt. She would know the desire I have to be possessed by
her. The unvarnished need to be owned, to be used, to be made to do things in
her name that I would never do for my unworthy self even if my life depended on
it. This was the essence of meaning itself. This was true living. To be used by
this divine creature most precious, to be made into a tool for the gratification
of my Mistress Darcy.



What bliss. To exult in acts of degradation for her Mistress gave Al - Alexis -
a sense of belonging to something more, something greater than herself. She
would not be alone. Lonely no more. Her mistress gave her the first sense of
authentic being she had ever known. In her isolation and loneliness Al's
appearance had dilapidated into such a state of disrepair that she felt no
motivation to improve herself; what was the use? Why waste energy on something
nobody wanted. Until now. Now the beautiful Mistress Darcy wanted her. If only
to be used by her... to lick the shit off her asshole gave Al reason to get out
of bed in the morning. It gave her something to look forward to each day. It
gave her a reason to want to improve herself. For the sake of her Mistress.     



Could there be a higher calling?



Mistress Darcy gave birth to Bitch Alexis.



 "Here." Darcy held an ankle bracelet before Al's face. A thin gold chain
attached to a slim nameplate inscribed simply "Alexis" on the face and "Property
of Mistress Darcy" on the back.

"Let me put this on you." Darcy said. "You are to wear it at all times. It is
your slave bracelet."

Darcy clasped the chain around Al's right ankle.

"Thank you, Mistress Darcy."

"It looks lovely on you, my bitch. Wear it with pride. It is deliberately fine
and subtle. It is not necessary for others to know what it says... what it
symbolizes. WE know. It is for you and I to appreciate. Most of what we share
will have a veiled subtle quality. Our relationship will be implied for all to
see but unspoken beyond our private secluded moments."   



Al knelt dutifully at the foot of Darcy's chair. She closed her eyes as she
waited for her possessor to sit and accept the adoration of her submissive. The
smell of Darcy, the taste of her set Al's mind to racing and her body to flames.
Overcome she yielded to orgasm as it shook through her.



"Bitch," said Darcy, noticing. "Are you cumming? Are you defying my wishes and
cumming? You are to have no will of your own in my presence and yet you reject
my demands at every turn?"

"I'm sorry, Mistress Darcy." Al said. "The realization of your extraordinary
gift, allowing me to be your slave...allowing me to service your slightest need,
overwhelmed me. I know I am not worthy. I am weak.  I am disgusting."

"I will tell you what you are..." Darcy said. "You are my bitch. Period. That is
all you need concern yourself with. You are weak, I'll grant you that. But you
are far from disgusting. If that were so would I have chosen you, bitch?"

"I don't know."

"Good, you don't need to know." Darcy said. "You don't need to think. You need
only obey."

"Yes, my Mistress."

   

Darcy reclined on her chaise lounge dressed only in a cotton robe. She began
reading a novel. The thick paperback would hold her attention for several more
hours. Darcy looked forward to the titillating fiction as she relaxed casually
and, absent mindedly, fingered her own wetness.

"Bitch," she said after only a moment or two. "I need a smoothie. Have you ever
made one?"

"No." said Al.

"The instructions are on the counter." Darcy said. "You'll see the juicer. All
the ingredients you need are in the fridge. Make me a "Big Everything" that's
the recipe with the star next to it."

Al did as she was told. She was extremely competent at following instructions.
She brought her mistress the smoothie in a matter of a few minutes and assumed
her position at the foot of her Mistress.

"Darling Alexis," Darcy addressed her bitch. "This is the best smoothie I have
ever tasted you are a very good bitch indeed. Did you make one for yourself?
There should be more, isn't there?"

"I don't need anything, Mistress." Al Said. "I didn't want to be presumptuous."

"Nonsense." Said Darcy. "You are my submissive, that is true, but you need to
eat and drink. A bitch cannot live on piss and pussy juice alone. I want you to
enjoy yourself. You need nourishment. I can understand how you may have thought
that I wanted all of the smoothie for myself but if I want more you will make it
fresh for me, bitch. The Mistress does not drink anything that has been sitting
around. Not when I have a bitch like you to serve me, that's for sure."

"That's alright, Mistress."

"Go pour yourself a smoothie, I insist." Said Darcy. "By the way, I haven't
forgotten my promise to spruce you up. You are very much a project in need of
care. These drinks are healthy for you. A few of these and your skin and hair
will blossom with health. You'll lose that awful dandruff and notice your
muscles toning up too."

"Okay, Mistress."

"Don't look so glum." Darcy told her. "If I'm in the middle of a good part in
this book and I need to pee I'll use you for my toilet while I continue reading.
In any case, you'll be licking my pussy before too long, just not yet."

Al gleamed at the prospect.

"You will get to demonstrate your humility, don't worry." Darcy said. "You're
still my bitch. You will be used as such. There's no hurry. When you finish your
smoothie start kissing my feet. Ten times for each toe, then move on to the
other foot. Start at the pinky. When you get to the big toe suck on it for the
count of one hundred. That should keep you occupied for a while."

Al was beside herself with delight. Hurriedly she sucked down the smoothie in
huge gulps, loathing the fact that the taste of her Mistress's piss was now
masked by the flavor of fruit. "Maybe she'll get caught up in a good passage,"
Al thought. "Yes! I hope it's a good book. To have Mistress sit on me for a
toilet! Oh oh." Al felt the beginnings of another orgasm coming on. She made her
mind a blank.



For now she quickly knelt at her divine Mistress's toes and began kissing.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WHR2000


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





