BDSM Library - The Sheriffs Black Reward




The Sheriffs Black Reward
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two black girls on a trip are kidnapped by the Sheriff of a local town.
The Sheriffs Black Reward

Chapter 1 - The Sheriff

Ebony and Diana were ready.  They had prepared all year for this trip.  Diana
locked the doors of the house, jumped in the car and they took off on their
trip.  They drove down the road ignoring the many men that passed them blowing
the horns and waving at them.  They were used to it.  And why shouldn't they be? 
Ebony was 5'10 with brown hair, 34-DD" chest, a slim waist and as the guys
always described her "some junk in her trunk".  Diana was very different from
Ebony, she was 5'7" with long black hair, 36" chest, a tiny waist and nice hips
and even though she was missing the junk-in-her-trunk that Ebony had, she
carried a certain ambience about herself, something that said "look-at-me". 
When she walked into a room and smile, the entire room seems to light up.  You
could not say for sure what it was - it was just something about her.

The girls had been riding for a few hours and were getting tired and hungry. 
Diana said; "Ebony let's stop at the next exit and get some food and look for a
hotel."   Ebony pulled the car off at the next exit at a restaurant called
"Porky's". 

Porky's reminded you of one of the country restaurants, dirty but still clean. 
As they sat in the restaurant eating their food Ebony saw a Sheriff enter the
restaurant and decided to have a little fun.  Ebony nudged Diana and then opened
her blouse so that more of her chest was showing and said, "Diana why don't you
ask that cop if there is a hotel in the area that we can stay at tonight". 
Diana caught on to what Ebony was doing and called the officer, "Excuse me,
Sir".  The Sheriff looked over at Diana and Ebony and immediately felt his rod
getting hard.  He was not particularly fund of black people, but Ebony and Diana
were two of the prettiest black ladies he had seen in this area.  He tried to
calm himself down as he walked over to the ladies, he didn't want them to notice
his obvious excitement.

Ebony and Diana had to fight themselves to keep from laughing; they had quickly
noticed the officer's problem as he walked over to them.  Then Diana flashed her
famous smile and in her most teasing voice said, "Officer, we are not from this
area and we were hoping that you could tell a girl where she could lay her head
down to get some sleep".  She didn't have to look down to see if the cop was
getting a rise, she had used this voice so many times and knew that it drove men
crazy.  The Sheriff tried to hide his embarrassment as he told the ladies where
the hotel was.  They continued to play with the Sheriff for a while, asking him
things about the town they were in - all the while making sure that their
blouses were open enough for the Sheriff to get a good look.

After a few minutes more, they thanked him and started to leave when the Sheriff
said, "Why don't you stay and have dessert, the treat is on me." He told the
waitress to give them whatever they wanted and put it on his tab.  Then he
smiled and said goodbye to the ladies and left.  Diana and Ebony giggled and
laughed as they ate their dessert and speculated about whether it was her chest
or Diana's smile and charm that had gotten them their dessert.

After they finished eating they jumped into their car and headed to the hotel. 
The road that the Sheriff had told them to take was very dark and not well
traveled and the girls argued whether they were going in the right direction. 
Just as they were getting ready to turn around, they heard a loud BANG and they
both screamed.  They started laughing when they realized it was just the tire on
the car.  They must have hit a nail or something on this dark road.  As Ebony
pulled the car to a stop they started to get scared again.  Neither of them had
ever changed a flat tire and it was so dark they were both scared to get out of
the car. 

As they sat in the car debating on what to do, they started looking around.  The
only building they could see was an old barn sitting off the side of the road. 
Just as they were about to panic they notice the headlights of a car coming down
the road.  They were relieved when the car turned out to be the Sheriff's car. 
They quickly flagged him down and told him what happened.  He examined the tire
and told them they would have to have a new tire and the repair shop didn't open
until the morning.  He asked if they wanted a ride to the hotel, "Yes" they both
screamed at once.  He told them he would have to have their driver's license. 
When they asked why, he told them, it was policy that he do an id check before
allowing someone to get into the car.  They thought this was weird, but it was
dark and they didn't want to be left, so they gave him their Drivers license so
he could call it in.

The Sheriff got into his car and checked his computer.  Gotta love these
computers, he was able to pull up their complete history in a matter of seconds. 
It was just as he thought, neither girls showed in the database as being married
or having kids.  A good chance no-one would be looking for them soon.  The
Sheriff came back to the car after about 5 minutes and asked both ladies to step
out of the car and put their hands on the roof.  They were shocked and asked the
officer what was wrong.  He informed them they both had warrants and were being
placed under arrest.  "Officer you have made a mistake, I know we don't have any
warrants", said Diana.  The teasing in her voice now turned to stress.  The
Sheriff told them, "I'm sure we will straighten this matter out in the morning,
but for now I'll have to place you under arrest, please put your hands behind
your back". 

He handcuffed both of them and placed them in the back of the car.  He smiled as
he rode down the road.  His dick was getting hard with anticipation.  He was
somewhat proud of himself; he had captured these two black beauties real easy. 
The spike he had placed in their tire had caused the tire to go flat just when
he wanted it too.  They had been fooled by his fake phone call to place them
under arrest.  He relished the scared looks on their faces as they rode in the
back of the car.  They were no longer smug and confident, they were afraid.  He
watched Ebony as she tried to cover up her tits from his prying eyes in the
rearview mirror.

By the time he had opened the garage door and pulled the car into the house, the
girls knew something wasn't right.  They were really frantic now.  The Sheriff
had been expecting this as he took a rod out of the side of his door.  When he
opened the back door of the car, he placed the stick so that it was touching
both of the girls at the same time and pressed the button twice.  Diana and
Ebony screamed in pain as they felt the shock from the rod go through their
body.  Then the Sheriff said, "That was just a sample, if you behave we will get
along fine, if you don't - well you know what's going to happen.  NOW GET OUT
THE CAR", he ordered.  The girls quickly climbed out of the car. 

"Lean over and press your tits against the car he ordered and don't move", he
ordered.  The girls were really scared now, the Sheriff's voice was much more
demanding and his demeanor was very dominating.  Fearing the shock from the rod
they quickly did as they were told.  Ebony almost jumped out of her skin when
she felt his hands running up her legs.  She stood up to tell the Sheriff to
stop and as she did she heard Diana scream;  "Aiiiiyyeeeeeeee".

The Sheriff had shocked her with the rod.  "You better tell this bitch to hold
still because every time she doesn't obey me, I'm going to shock the shit out of
you".  Diana pleaded with Ebony, "Ebony please hold still, please do what he
wants you to, please", she begged as the tears were running down her face. 
Ebony leaned back over on the car as the Sheriff continued to run his hands up
and down her legs.  "Spread your legs bitch; I want to see what a black pussy
feels like".  Ebony hesitated spreading her legs then she heard the rod make a
clicking sound and realized he had turned it up a notch.  She spread her legs to
give the Sheriff access to her pussy.  She felt the cool air on her ass as he
raised her dress and squeezed her ass.  He rubbed his hands in-between her legs
and stroked her pussy through her panties.  Then he brought his finger back and
stuffed the tip of it into her anus, pushing her panties into her ass.  She
flinched but she held her position.

Then she felt him pulling her panties down until they were wrapped around her
ankles.  "Step out", he ordered. Ebony stepped out of her panties.  The Sheriff
picked the panties up and turned to Diana, "Open your mouth".  Diana opened her
mouth and almost gagged as he stuffed them into her mouth.  Those better not
come out, he ordered.  Then he said, "That's in case your friend here decides
not to obey, I don't want to hear a lot of screaming from you". 

Then he laughed and started to kiss and squeeze Ebony's ass.  He slid his finger
between her legs and was shocked to find her wet.  He smiled and said, "Oh you
are a little more freaky then what you are pretending, you're soaking wet down
here".  Ebony thought she would faint from embarrassment.  Then he inserted two
fingers into her pussy and fucked her slowly back and forth.  Ebony couldn't
help herself; it had been a while since she had a dick in her pussy.  She was so
horny she couldn't help but to moan.  The Sheriff laughed as he took his fingers
out and told Ebony to open her mouth.  He inserted his fingers into her mouth
and told her to suck the juices from them.  Ebony had never tasted her own pussy
juices before and was ashamed as she licked all of the juices from his fingers. 
As she sucked his fingers, she felt his arm go around her waist and he pulled
her ass tight to his groins and ground his dick into her ass.

After she had cleaned his fingers, he turned her around.  For the first time
Ebony got a good look at the Sheriff.  He was a white male, about 5'11" and
weighted about 180 pounds.  With his sandy-brown hair and freckles he wasn't all
that cute, but she could tell by looking at his body through his clothes that he
was in pretty good shape.  The Sheriff reached out and grabbed one of her tits
and began to massage it through her blouse.  "What's your name", he asked. 
"Ebony", she said.  "Ebony, I have been waiting a long time for some slaves to
add to my hoar farm, wouldn't you like to be a member"?  Ebony replied, "Please
sir, just let us go, we won't tell anyone".  Then she heard the muffled scream
from Diana as the Sheriff shocked her across the ass and said, "That's not the
answer I want to hear.  I'm going to fry your bitch friend if you don't learn to
answer better than that".  Ebony quickly changed her tone and said, "Whatever it
takes to make you happy".  "That's much better, I like you - you learn quickly";
he said. 

Then he reached up and yanked her blouse so that all of the buttons popped off. 
He leaned forward and sucked on Ebony's tits, paying special attention to her
nipples.  Ebony was about to go wild when she felt him stick his fingers into
her pussy again.  All she could do was moan as he bit, sucked and played with
her tits.  "Ooooohhh, mmmmmm, yessssss, ooohhhh, your finger feels soooo
gooood", she moaned.  She was about to cum when she felt him pull his fingers
out.  "Oh noooo, don't stop now, I'm almost there"; she moaned.  The Sheriff
laughed; it didn't take her long to get hot. 

He grabbed her by her head and pushed her down to her knees.  Then he opened his
pants and dropped them down to his knees.  "Get busy bitch and I better not feel
your teeth" he told her.  Ebony was shocked by the size of his Dick.  She was
always told that white men had small dicks.  She had only sucked a guys dick
once in her life and had not done more then put the tip of the head into her
mouth.  The sheriff's dick was about 12 inches long, almost as round as a
half-dollar.  It was huge; she would never be able to suck all of it.  The
sheriff smiled, he was used to that look.  "Get use to it bitch, by the time I'm
finished with you, you will be able to swallow the whole thing". 

Ebony didn't get much time to think about what he said as she felt him grab the
back of her head and push it forward.  She opened her mouth as wide as she could
and felt him push head of his dick into her mouth.  She began to do the best she
could and was surprised when the Sheriff pulled her head off of his dick and
slapped her across her face.  With the handcuffs on she would have fallen to the
ground if he had not been holding her up by hair.  He held the rod in the air,
clicked it up a notch and touched it on Diana's ass.  Diana screamed into the
panties with agonizing pain.  She fell against the card sobbing; her ass felt
like it was on fire.  "Bitch you better do a better job of sucking my dick or I
will stuff this thing up her" ass; he yelled. 

The Sheriff slammed her head forward and stuffed his dick back into her mouth. 
Ebony began to suck his dick again.  It was hard sucking his dick with her hands
bound but she was doing the best she could.  "Aiiyeee"; Diana screamed again
into the panties as the Sheriff let the rod down on her ass again.  "Turn
around!", the Sheriff ordered Diana.  He reached over and pulled the panties
from her mouth.  "This bitch is trying to get you fried.  You might want to tell
her how to suck my dick because she is starting to really piss me off"!

Diana was really pissed at Ebony now.  Her ass felt raw and it was all because
of Ebony.  She started yelling out instructions to Ebony; "Open your fucking
mouth and take his dick in and then suck real hard when he pulls back.  Now take
your tongue and flick it around the tip and the sides of the head."  Ebony was
trying to do what Diana was telling her too, but saliva started to run down her
chin.  As she started to stop, Diana heard the click on the rod.  "Don't stop,
use more spit, let it run out of your mouth"; she ordered.  Ebony did as she was
told and Diana was glad to see the Sheriff put the rod down and grab Ebony's
head with both hands and began to fuck her in the mouth.  "Hum while you are
sucking it", Diana told her.  "Oh yeahhh, much better he moaned" as he enjoyed
the head job Ebony was giving him.  He had never had one hum, it felt like a
vibrator on his dick!

While Ebony continued to suck his dick, the sheriff reached over and put his
hand between Diana's legs and fingered her pussy through her panties.  He pulled
her panties aside and slid his fingers in until he felt her clit.  He rolled her
clit between his fingers until he felt the juices from her pussy start to run
down his hand.  He slid his fingers into her pussy and was reward with a
"Ahhhhhh" from Diana.  The Sheriff removed the two fingers he had in Diana's
pussy and inserted them into her mouth.  "Clean it"; he ordered.  Diana began
licking his fingers.  She fought back the urge to vomit.  She had never imagined
she would have her own juices in her mouth. 

After she had cleaned his fingers he ordered her to turn back around.  The
Sheriff pulled up Diana's skirt and began to massage her ass.  Diana didn't
offer any resistance, even when she felt him pulling down her panties.  She felt
her panties drop to her ankles and without being told, immediately stepped out
of them.  The Sheriff smile, this was going better than he thought.  He had
always dreamed of doing something like this but never had.  Now he could tell
that this was only the beginning.

He kept Ebony by her hair and continued to pump her head back and forth on his
rod.  She had gotten to where she could get half of it in.  He smiled, later
she'll learn to get it all in he thought.  He leaned over and spit into Diana's
asshole and then inserted his finger into her anus all the way down to his
knuckle.  "Aiiyyyyee" Diana screamed.  Diana had never dreamed of letting a man
touch her asshole let alone stick his finger in it.  It hurt like hell and the
Sheriff could tell she didn't like it but he could tell the rod had done its
job.  Instead of trying to deny him, Diana wiggled and sobbed but she didn't
pull away.  "Good girl", said the sheriff, "I just knew I was going to have to
spank you".

Ebony was really working on his rod now and the sheriff was caught between
cumming in her pussy or her mouth.  Then he thought about it - it doesn't
matter, he has plenty of time.  He took his fingers out of Diana's ass and
stuffed them into her pussy and fingered-fucked her hard.  Diana moaned as the
Sheriffs fingers slammed into her pussy.  Though she still felt violated she was
grateful to have his finger out of her ass.  She couldn't believe that she was
excited and wet as the Sheriff stuffed his fingers into her pussy.  Her mind
wanted to say no, but her pussy was burning with desire and she began to grind
it against his fingers.  Before she knew it she was meeting him thrust for
thrust as he pounded her pussy with his fingers.

At the same time the Sheriff grabbed the back of Ebony's head with his other
hand and started slamming his dick into her mouth real hard.  Ebony had never
allowed a man to cum inside of her mouth, but there was nothing she could do to
stop the sheriff.  She braced herself as she felt him pick up the pace and slam
her head harder and harder onto his dick.  Diana was starting to moan and was
ready to cum when the Sheriff pulled his hand out of her pussy.  "Hold still";
he ordered her.  He didn't want her to cum. 

The Sheriff grabbed both sides of Ebony's head and slammed his dick into her
mouth and held it as he shot his load into her mouth.  "SWALLOW IT BITCH, I
BETTER NOT SEE A DROP RUN DOWN YOUR FACE!", he yelled.  Ebony struggled but she
managed to swallow his entire load.  She was glad to feel him getting soft, her
mouth was sore from having his big dick in her mouth.  Ebony pulled her mouth
away and let his dick fall out of her mouth.  That was a mistake; he grabbed her
hair and pulled, "BITCH YOU DON'T STOP SUCKING UNTIL I TELL YOU TOO!"  Ebony let
out a loud scream, but quickly took his dick back into her mouth and started
sucking.  She was surprised when she felt it getting hard.  The Sheriff just
looked down at her and grinned.

The sheriff pulled his dick out her mouth and stood back and looked at both the
girls.  "Damn, I sure was lucky to find you girls.  I'm going to enjoy fucking
you, I just hope you don't do nothing stupid and make me kill you like I had to
do them other girls".  He smiled as he saw the look of fear on their faces; he
knew giving them some fear of death would get more obedience from them.




Chapter 2 - The Collar

The Sheriff had both girls stand; he opened the door to the house and led them
into the house.  Ebony and Diana were shocked at how nice the house was.  They
had expected to see a run-down shack this deep into the woods.  The Sheriff knew
what they were thinking, he had had other guests here and they were always
amazed at the grandeur of his "home in the forest" as he called it.  He always
told his guess that he kept it ugly on the outside to stop folks from being too
nosy. 

The Sheriff led the girls around the house showing them each room.  Then after
they had seen all but the bedroom, he turned to them and said, "I saved the best
three rooms for last, but I think you're going to like them", he grinned.  Diana
and Ebony knew that one of the rooms was the bedroom, but they wondered what the
other two rooms were.  He took them to the first room and the girls almost
fainted when they seen it.  It was the bathroom.  It was 20 times the size of a
large bathroom and had a huge pool and a tub that looked like it might have been
a smaller swimming pool.  There were mirrors and sinks, with candles and lights
everywhere.  There were various types of beds and chairs along the walls. 
Almost like small rooms, except there were no walls between the rooms.  The
entire room appeared to be able to accommodate 100 people easily.

The Sheriff led the girls over to a bed in one of the rooms and made them both
bend over and lay their heads on the bed.  They were afraid but they knew what
would happen if they disobeyed.  The Sheriff walked behind them and pulled their
skirts up.  First he went to Ebony and made her close her eyes.  Ebony thought
he was getting ready to fuck her again, but nearly jumped ten feet in the air
when his hand came down on her ass with a loud; Crack!  When she started to say
something, the Sheriff quickly yelled; "Bitch don't you speak unless I ask you a
question, now get your ass back down into the position I ordered you too!" 
Ebony's ass was stinging like hell but she put her head back down onto the bed,
closed her eyes and prepared herself for another slap.

Instead the Sheriff went over to Diana, raised her skirt and then pulled her
panties so that they wedged between her ass cheeks and made it look like she was
wearing a thong.  Diana was already sobbing in anticipation of what was yet to
come.  The Sheriff did not disappoint her.  He swung his hand down across both
of her ass cheeks with another loud; Crack!  Diana stood straight up just as
Ebony had and said; "Please Master No-More!"  The Sheriff replied; "What's your
name?"  "Diana"; she replied.  Diana I'm going to bend you over and slap your
ass harder then I did before, if you let out so much as a yelp, you will get 5
more licks for each yelp, do you understand me?  Diana started crying and shook
her head.  The Sheriff knew she was falling apart and wanted to proceed slowly,
he didn't want to push her to fast, didn't want her to go over the edge.  He
grabbed her by her hair and turned her face so she was looking into his eyes and
said; "Diana you seemed to be in the habit of hesitating when I ask you a
question, for that Ebony has earned 5 licks".

Ebony's heart almost stopped and fear struck her entire body as she realized
what he said.  She wanted to beg him not to but she could tell by the look in
his eyes that this would only get her in more trouble.  Realizing her position,
she laid her head down on the bed and raised her ass in the air.  The Sheriff
was impressed and wanted to reward Ebony for her obedience but it would have
messed up his plans for later.  He needed the girls to turn against each other;
this would make them a lot easier to control.

Ebony took his temporary hesitation as a reprieve.  She was not to be so lucky. 
Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack.  Ebony's ass was on fire and nearly jumped
for joy when the Sheriff told her to walk down the few steps of the tub until it
covered her waist.  She was amazed at how good the cool water felt on her ass
and let out a small sigh of relief.  As her ass cooled, her anger for Diana
heated up.  She had taken 5 licks on her ass and Diana was standing over there
sobbing like she had taken the licks.

The Sheriff turned his attention back to Diana.  "Shut Up Bitch"; he ordered. 
Diana tried to stop but still kept whimpering.  The Sheriff was getting a little
pissed, but at the same time he was glad, it made his job a bit easier.  "Ebony,
get your ass back over here, this bitch likes seeing you get your ass slapped". 
Ebony couldn't believe it, she was going to have to take more licks and with her
ass wet!  She thought the Sheriff was being nice to her when he sent her to the
tub, but now she realized why he had allowed her to get into the water.  A wet
ass hurts a lot worse.

"Hurry Up", I don't like to be kept waiting he yelled.  Ebony climbed out of the
tub quickly and came over to the Sheriff.  Turn around put your head on the bed
and spread your legs; he ordered.  Ebony did as she was told.  Swhack!  Ebony
couldn't help herself; she had to scream out in pain, the pain of the slap on
her wet ass went through her entire body.  That just earned you another lick. 
Swhack!  Ebony fought screaming with every ounce of strength in her body and as
the tears rolled down her face; her anger at Diana was beginning to turn to
hatred.

"Are you ready to take yours now" he said to Diana?  Diana said; "Yes Master"
and bent over and placed her head on the bed.  Whack!  Diana stood up but this
time did not say anything.  The Sheriff was pleased, she was learning, but he
was not going to let her get off that easy.  "Bend over bitch, you got another
one coming for making me wait for satisfaction.  Diana bent back over and was
rewarded with another slap, this one harder than before.  Diana stood up again,
but did not say anything.  The Sheriff said; "Good, you are learning quickly,
now come with me!"

The girls hurried behind him as quickly as possible.  They were amazed at how
fast he could walk and how hard it was to walk with handcuffs on.  Sit down and
look straight ahead ordered the Sheriff.  Both girls quickly sat down.  The
Sheriff went over to a safe that was turned with its back facing the girls, this
way he could look at them while he opened the safe to see if they were obeying -
they were.

The Sheriff opened the safe, reached in and pulled out 2 gold chains, and then
he closed the safe and walked back over to the girls.  They looked down at the
gold chains and did not know what to say, was he rewarding them for being his
slaves.  The Sheriff said nothing but proceeded to fasten a gold chain around
each of their necks.  Stand up and turn around, he ordered.  The girls did as
they were told and were even more shocked when he took their handcuffs off.  It
has been 2 hours and their wrists had gotten very sore, they were glad to be out
of the handcuffs.

Then they watched as the Sheriff took off his gun belt and laid the gun and the
bullets on the tray by the safe.  Then he turned to the girls.  "Take your
clothes off"; he ordered.  The girls began to undress when the phone rang.  The
Sheriff proceeded to go across the room to answer the phone.  Diana and Ebony
looked at each other and then looked down at the gun.  Had he forgotten?  Diana
wasn't going to wait to find out, she ran for the gun.  When her hand touched
the gun both she and Ebony screamed out in pain.  It felt like her entire body
was on fire.  After about 10 seconds the pain went away and when they looked up,
they saw the Sheriff coming towards them with a grin on his face.

Oh, I'm sorry I forgot to tell you about my obedience collar.  When you disobey
you will be punished by the collar.  As you learn to be more obedient the
punishment for disobedience will be more painful and longer.  The collar also
has a boundary if you try to escape by going outside of the boundary the shock
will be so great it will kill you and the same thing applies if you try to take
it off, so be careful of how far you wonder.  In-a-way you are responsible for
your own amount of pain the collar gives you.

To be continued ....




Chapter 3 - The Training

"Now your real training begins"; the Sheriff said.  The girls looked at each
other and then at him, not sure what he meant by this.  Your lives belong
completely to me.  I will make every decision for you during the rest of your
life.  If you please me, then you will be allowed to remain in this house with
me.  If you don't then you will be drugged and sent to one of my whore houses in
another country, it's your decision. 

I want you to get into the tub and take a bathe; however, there are some rules. 
You are to bathe each other; you are not allowed to touch yourself or use
anything but your hands.  There are no exceptions, if you need anything done on
your body, then you must ask the other person to do it for you.  You will spend
1 hour bathing each other.  Diana you will go first, using your first 15 minutes
cleaning every part of Ebony's body except her breast, pussy and ass.  You will
spend the next 15 minutes cleaning nothing but her breast, pussy and ass.  Then
you will change positions and Ebony will do the same to you.  An alarm will
sound every 15 minutes telling you to change.

When your bathe is complete, you will go over to the massage table and repeat
the same procedure using the oils that are on the table.  Finally you will go
into the bedroom and pick out clothes for each other to wear.  There are cameras
around the entire house so ladies when I look into the cameras, I hope I am not
disappointed by what I see, then he left the room.

The girls looked at each other and then entered into the water.  The water was
warm and soothing and Diana moved over to the soap dispenser and put some soap
in her hand.  She had never touched another naked woman and certainly did not
want to do it while being watched, but she remembered the collar and knew what
would happen if she didn't.

She had almost forgotten what the Sheriff had said, 15 minutes on Ebony's pussy,
ass and breasts, but they had to be last.  Diana began rubbing the soap onto
Ebony's arms.  She worked up a good lather on her arms, her stomach and her
back.  When she started to do Ebony's legs she was shocked when she heard Ebony
moan.  She looked up at Ebony's eyes and they were closed shut and Diana could
tell by the look on her face that she was enjoying the bath Diana was giving
her. 

Diana had just finished washing Ebony's second leg when she heard the buzzer go
off.  Diana started rubbing the soap onto Ebony's breast and Ebony's breathing
started to breath real heavy.  Diana would never admit it, but she was starting
to get wet herself.  She was actually enjoying bathing Ebony.  She took Ebony's
nipples between her fingers and began to pinch them softly as she cleaned them. 
"Aaaah, that feels good"; moaned Ebony. 

Diana was really enjoying massaging Ebony's nipples but remembered she had two
more areas to wash.  She was still a little nervous about touching another
woman's pussy so she thought she would wash Ebony's ass first.  Diana turned
Ebony around and had her bend over at the waste.  As soon as she did it she
thought about the fact that the Sheriff had said he would be watching.  She knew
washing Ebony's ass meant sticking her finger in her ass. 

The Sheriff smiled as he watched Diana in the camera.  He couldn't help but pull
his dick out and start stroking it.  He had gotten rock hard just watching the
two girls on the camera.  It took everything he had to resist running out of the
room, grabbing Diana and slamming his dick up her tight black asshole.

But he fought back the feeling, he had told the girls about the cameras, but he
hadn't told them that they were actually being taped.  These tapes were going to
make for some great videos.  He knew that they would sale well on the black
market. Competitors would pay high prices for virgin lesbians, especially the
good ole boys back in the woods.  Many of them dreamed of having some black
pussy.  Maybe he might even throw in a bonus and let some of them fuck his black
fuck toys.

Diana started massaging Ebony's asscheeks and then slowly worked her fingers
around until they were right at the door of her ass.  She slowly slid her middle
finger into Ebony's ass.  She heard Ebony moan, "Please don't hurt me".  Diana
said; "Just stay bent over and it won't be so bad".   Diana was surprised just
how easy her finger slid in and out of Ebony's ass, she figured it must have
been because of the soap that she was using.  She had to admit she was kind of
enjoying it as she eased her finger into Ebony's ass.  "Owwww"; screamed Ebony
as Diana inserted her index finger all the down to her knuckle.  She quickly
pulled her finger out.  She had gotten into it so much she had actually
forgotten that this was her first time.  Then she grinned and shoved her finger
back in again making Ebony moan in pain. 

"We have to make this look good or the Sheriff will punish us" she told Ebony. 
Deep inside her she knew that wasn't the reason.  She was trying to pay Ebony
back for some of the pain she had caused her from not obeying the Sheriff.

Diana pulled her finger out of Ebony's ass and slid it into her pussy.  Ebony
was soaking wet.  "Oh yes" moaned Ebony.  "That feels good, please don't stop". 
Diana pushed on Ebony's back, bending her over a little more.  She inserted two
fingers into Ebony's pussy and started fucking her harder and faster.  Ebony was
moving her ass stroke for stroke with Diana's fingers.  Diana's pussy was so
wet, her juices were running down her legs.  She wanted to stick her fingers in
her own pussy and stroke it until she came.  She knew the Sheriff said she
couldn't touch herself, but she reasoned that didn't include rubbing her legs
together.  Diana rubbed her legs together, trying her best to stroke her pussy
at the same time she was fingering Ebony's pussy.  Diana took her other hand and
slid her middle finger into Ebony's asshole.  "I'm ready to cum, don't stop, I'm
almost there"; screamed Ebony. 

Rinnnggg.  The sound of the alarm startled both girls as Ebony removed her
fingers. "Nooooo, I was so close", moaned Diana.  The Sheriff had been watching
the video.  He had ended the session early.  Ebony was too close too cumming and
he did not want her to cum until he was ready.

The Sheriff couldn't take it anymore.  His dick was so hard he was about to blow
up in his hands.  As he walked backed in the room, he held his rock-hard dick in
his hands and was stroking it back and forth.  Ebony and Diana didn't care about
being embarrassed any more.  Their pussy was so hot that they were both hoping
that they were going to be the one that the Sheriff fucked. 

The Sheriff walked over to the girls and reached out and grabbed both of their
titties and massaged them.  They moaned in ecstasy.  Take your hands and massage
my ball and dick, commanded the Sheriff.  The girls did as they were told.  The
Sheriff moved his hands from the girls' titties down to their pussy's and back
to their titties.  Both of their pussies were dripping wet.  Turn around Diana,
he ordered.  Diana let out a little squeal for joy.  She was glad that she was
going to be the one that was going to be fucked.

The Sheriff wasted no time and slammed his dick into her pussy all the way down
to the balls.  "AAAAAhhhh", moaned Diana.  "Yes Master, fuck this black bitch
with your big dick".  Diana hoped by talking this way to the Sheriff that he
would not stop fucking her.  The Sheriff almost obliged her as he grabbed her by
the hips and started pounding her pussy as hard as he could.  Just when Diana
thought she was going to cum, the Sheriff pulled his dick out.

"Noooooo"; moaned Diana.  That was a mistake.  She was immediately greeted with
a loud slap on the ass.  "Ayeiiiiii"; screamed Diana.  "You still haven't learn
have you bitch"; scowled the Sheriff.  Diana quickly started apologizing. 
"Shut-up"; screamed the Sheriff.  "Get behind me and lick my asshole", he
ordered.  Diana couldn't believe what he was telling her to do.  She got on her
knees behind the Sheriff, looked into his ass and started crying.

The Sheriff turned around so quickly that his dick slapped Diana in the face. 
You just refuse to learn, don't you.  I am going to teach you a real lesson. 
Diana's face dropped in complete fear.  "Suck my did", he ordered.  She tried
taking his dick into her mouth and deep-throating as much as she could, thinking
this would please him.  The Sheriff watched as she bobbed her head back and
forth.  He grabbed her by the back of her head and pulled her head forward at
the same time he slammed his dick forward with all of his might.  She put her
hands on his hips and pushed away.  The Sheriff had rammed his dick so far in
her mouth it had went down her throat and touched her tonsils. 

The Sheriff laughed.  Maybe now you will listen to me and do what I tell you to
do, not what you want to do.  He held her head on his dick.  Diana was fighting
to pull away with all of her might.  He was chocking her, she felt like she was
about to pass out.  When she had stopped fighting, the Sheriff pulled his dick
out of her mouth.  Diana fell to the floor, gasping for breath.  When I turn my
ass back around, you are to part my asscheeks and stick your tongue into my
asshole, do you understand bitch?  Diana started crying, but she shook her head
yes and then quickly caught herself; "Yes Master", she uttered.

She had never imagined he would make her do anything like that.  But a quick
look in his eyes told her that he was not playing.  She reached her hands out
and placed them on his ass cheeks and slowly pulled them apart.  She had to
fight the urge to throw-up.  "Hurry-up bitch, I don't have all day", ordered the
Sheriff.  Diana leaned forward and stuck her tongue into his asshole.  The
Sheriff reached around in back of her head and slammed her face into his ass. 
"I said lick", he screamed.  Diana almost gagged on the taste of his ass, but
she kept licking.   "Much better said the Sheriff".

The Sheriff turned his attention back to Ebony.  "Suck my dick", he ordered. 
Ebony dropped down on her knees and began to suck his dick like she had never
sucked a dick before.  She tried to take his entire dick into her mouth but she
could not, but that didn't stop her from trying.  The Sheriff began to moan as
he enjoyed the sensation.  Ebony was sucking his dick while she stroked his
balls.  Every now and then she would reach around to the Sheriff's asshole and
push Dianas face out of the way and stick her finger into his asshole. Everytime
she would do this the Sheriff would let out a loud moan.

I see I got at least one good bitch.  Diana heard the Sheriff and was hurt.  She
couldn't believe that she was competing for the Sheriff's affection and
disappointed because she was losing.  Diana bring your ass around here and lay
on the bed.  Diana, glad to stop licking his ass quickly got up on the table. 
Then the Sheriff had Ebony straddle her in a 69 position.  The Sheriff got up on
the bed behind Ebony and stuck his dick into Diana's mouth.  After a minute, he
pulled it out and slid it into Ebony's pussy.  Ebony moaned as the Sheriff slid
his entire dick into her pussy.  "Lick my balls', he ordered Diana.  As Diana
started licking his balls, the Sheriff begin fucking Ebony.  Ebony moaned and
started grinding her ass onto his dick.

The Sheriff started pounding Ebony's pussy. "Fuck me master, thank you master. 
Put all of your dick into my pussy", moaned Ebony.  Diana was having a hard time
licking the Sheriffs balls as he and Ebony picked up the pace.  Ebony was
screaming and yelling, she had never been fucked this way in all of her life. 
She was slamming her ass against his dick as hard as she could and the Sheriff
was retuning the pleasure.  Then Ebony started to scream, "I'm cumming, I'm
cumming, oh yes, yes, yess, yesssss, yesssssssssss", she screamed as her orgasm
took over.  The Sheriff kept pounding her and Ebony couldn't believe it.  She
had heard of it, but she had never experienced it.  As the Sheriff continued to
fuck her, she felt herself starting to cum again,  "Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuckkk,
fuck me master, fuck me master, I'm cumming again, here I come, I'm cumming,
yes, yessssss", she screamed as she came again.  This time the Sheriff was right
with her.  "Ahhhh, yess, move that ass bitch.  "Get ready here it comes", he
screamed.

Ebony felt like a hot volcano of cum was flooding her pussy as the Sheriff shot
his load into her pussy.  The Sheriff shot so much cum into her pussy that it
started to drip out onto Diana's face.  The Sheriff pulled his dick out of
Ebony's pussy and stuffed it into Diana's mouth.  Ebony collapsed on top of
Diana as the Sheriff laid down on to of her.  Diana felt like she was
suffocating with the weight of Ebony and the Sheriff on top of her, but she kept
sucking.

After a few minutes the Sheriff rolled off of Ebony and onto the bed.  Diana was
relieved to feel his dick come out of her mouth and some of the weight being
removed from her body.  "You cleaned me off, clean her out too", the Sheriff
ordered.  Diana wanted to throw up as she looked at Ebony's pussy that was
stretched wide open in her face with the Sheriff's cum dripping out of it.  She
reluctantly stuck her tongue into Ebony pussy and started to clean her pussy
out.  The Sheriff said, "Don't disappoint me Diana, when I look in her pussy, I
better not see any of my stuff in there".  Diana began to eat Ebony's pussy in
earnest.  She stuck her tongue into Ebony's pussy as far as it would go and
opened her entire mouth until it completely covered Ebony's pussy.  She lapped
up as much of the Sheriff's and Ebony's juice as she could. 

Ebony started grinding her hips onto Diana's mouth.  Even though she had just
came, Diana's pussy-licking was turning her on.  She started to moan and then
setup in the bed so that her pussy was grounded down onto Diana's mouth.  She
covered Diana's mouth and her nose.  Diana began to twist her head from side to
side as she fought to get her nose free so she could breathe.  Ebony seemed to
be oblivious to Diana's problem as she ground her pussy on her mouth harder and
harder.

The Sheriff smiled to himself, everything was moving alone just fine.  As he
drifted off to sleep he heard Ebony commanding Diana, "move your tongue bitch,
don't stop".  Ebony was becoming quite the tyrant.  Then he heard Ebony scream,
"That's it bitch, here I cummmmmmm", as she came in Ebony's mouth.  Ebony fell
on top of Diana with her mouth in front of Diana's pussy.  Diana continued to
lick Ebony's pussy after she came.  The Sheriff and Ebony drifted off to sleep. 
Diana lay their wiggling and squirming in frustration, her pussy still yearned
to have a dick, finger, tongue, anything stuck in it that would allow her to
cum.  She moved her finger down to her pussy and slid two fingers in.  It felt
so gooood.  If she kept real quiet, maybe, just maybe.  Just then she heard the
Sheriff stir in the bed.  She quickly pulled her fingers away, scared she might
get caught.  She finally drifted off to a tormented sleep.




Chapter 4 - The Slave

"Time to wake up", commanded the Sheriff.  The Sheriff had gotten up early in
the morning and moved the girl's car.  He had placed the girl's car in the old
barn, covered with hay and old wooden planks.  Even if someone looked in the
barn the car would not be seen.  The Sheriff had hurried back to the house; he
didn't want the girls to know he had left.

Before Diana and Ebony could wipe the sleep from their eyes, the Sheriff walked
over to them and placed his dick in front of their faces.  He then grabbed them
by the back of their heads and they instinctively opened their mouths and
started licking and sucking his dick.  This was the life; the Sheriff couldn't
believe that he had taken so long to put his plan into action.  He was really
proud of himself as he watched the two black girls trading places on his dick. 
One would take it in her mouth and suck and lick on his head, while the other
girl would lean down in-between his legs and suck on his balls.

The girls were shocked when the Sheriff pulled away.  He went over to the bed
and laid on his back.  The girls immediately came over to him and resumed
sucking on his dick.  The Sheriff started to moan as the girls began to lick up
and down the side of his dick together.  Their tongues met at the tip of his
dick and they kissed each other and then went back down on his dick.  Diana
proceeded to move up the Sheriffs body until she was at his lips, at the same
time Ebony took the Sheriff's dick into her mouth and swallowed almost the
entire length.  With her free hand she massaged and caressed his balls.

Diana reached down and slid her finger onto Ebony's clitoris and stroked her
until she was wet.  Ebony moaned and reached her hand over and caressed Diana's
titty.  Diana slid her finger into Ebony's pussy.  "Ooohhhh, yessss", Ebony
moaned.  Diana stroked Ebony's pussy a few times and then pulled her finger out
and slid it into the Sheriff's asshole.  As Ebony sucked his balls, Diana slid
the Sheriff's cock into her mouth and started bobbing up and down on the
Sheriff's head faster and faster at the same time she was pumping her finger
into his ass.  "Good girl"; moaned the Sheriff as he shot his load into Diana's
mouth.  As the Sheriff started to cum, Ebony moved her mouth up to the tip of
the Sheriff's dick.  Her and Diana went back and forth draining the cum out of
his dick.

The Sheriff laid back on the bed.  These girls were learning faster then he had
thought they would.  It seemed they were actually enjoying themselves, as he
watched them tongue kissing and trading his cum back and forth from one mouth to
the other.  He knew that Diana hadn't cum yet and he wanted to make sure that
when she came it was with his dick buried deep in her pussy.  "OK girls, we have
some unfinished work to do", he told the girls. 

Ebony gave Diana a last kiss and then turned to see what the Sheriff wanted.  I
have some errands I need to get done.  You will need to bathe me.  Come with me. 
The girls got up and followed the Sheriff as he led them back into the bathe. 
He stepped down into the water and the girls followed behind him.  The water was
very warm and the girls enjoyed the warmth.  The Sheriff turned and looked at
the girls and then he sat on a stone bench that was in the water.  The girls
immediately came over to him and reached onto the shelf and placed some soap on
their hands.  They looked around for some type of rag, but saw only towels, so
they figured they were supposed to use their hands. They began to rub the soap
over his entire body.  They were impressed by the physical shape the Sheriff was
in.  His stomach muscles were tight and rippled down from his steel hard chest. 
They both took turns massaging his nipples and then rinsing them off and sucking
them. 

As they sucked his nipples, they ran their hands down his body and between his
legs.  They grabbed his dick and massaged it up and down.  They could not
believe his stamina.  No matter how many times he came, he was always hard again
in minutes.  The girls started to pump his dick to get it harder.  The Sheriff
stood up and said girls you are trying to get me hard and you are suppose to be
bathing me.  Don't forget what you are supposed to be doing.  They returned to
soaping and lathering his body.  Ebony stood in front of him and was rubbing him
from the front, while Diana stood in back of him and massaged his shoulders and
ass.

After he was all lathered up the girls sandwiched his body between theirs and
ground their pussys into his ass and dick.  They mashed their chest into his
back and chest and they ground against them.  The Sheriff had to stop them
again; damn they were horny.  He had them rinse him off and then dry him down. 
Once he was completely dry he sent Ebony downstairs in the Kitchen to cook his
breakfast and clean the house.

He took Diana with him back to the bedroom.  "I have a special surprise for
you", he told her.  Diana's heart was pounding.  A special treat - was it good
or bad, was he going to finally allow her to cum.  The Sheriff turned Diana
around so that she was facing him; then he placed his finger between her legs
and started fingering her pussy.  Diana moaned, "Master please let me cum".  "I
believe you have earned it, so I am going to fuck you until you cum and then I
will give you your bonus gift", he told her.  Diana didn't care about the bonus,
she just wanted to cum.

She leaned over and kissed him fully on the mouth, "Thank You Master".  He had
Diana get on the bed and turn around doggy-style.  He placed his dick at the
door of her pussy and inserted part of it and then pulled it out.  Diana moaned
as he played with her pussy.  Diana was gasping for breath, never in her life
had a dick felt so good.  Without warning the Sheriff slammed his entire dick
into her pussy.  "Aiiyyyyyee"; Diana screamed.  She swore she could feel his
dick buried in her stomach.  The Sheriff started fucking her in rhythm.  He
would pull this dick out until only the head was in her, stick it back in until
half his dick was in her pussy, pull out until only the head was in and then
grab her hips tight and slam his dick forward as hard as he could.

Diana's pussy was soaking wet and all she could do was scream and moan in
pleasure.  "Fuck Me, Master please cum in my pussy, fuck me harder, harder"; she
moaned.  He slammed his dick into her pussy as hard as he could.  Diana couldn't
believe it; she was finally going too cum. 

The Sheriff was really pounding Diana's pussy; he was quickly reaching the point
of no return.  Ebony could hear them from downstairs in the kitchen.  She knew
she shouldn't be, but she couldn't help but to be jealous as she heard the
Sheriff fucking Diana.  For some reason she thought that he was hers and she
should be the one upstairs with his big dick in her pussy.  She was startled
when she heard Diana scream, "Yesssss, aaaaahh, yessss, master, fuck me, fuck
meeeeeeeee".  "Hear it cums bitch", screamed the Sheriff, as he shot his load
into Diana's pussy.  The Sheriffs orgasm triggered the long-awaited orgasm for
Diana and she screamed at the top of her lungs, "I'm - I'm - I'm cummmmmming". 

Diana and the Sheriff fell down on the bed, covered in sweat and exhausted. 
Diana couldn't believe how good his dick had felt in her pussy.  Never in her
life had she came like that.  Diana turned around and reached down and grabbed
the Sheriffs dick and started stroking it.  The Sheriff was in shock, surely she
didn't expect him to get hard again that fast!  He wanted to fuck her again, but
he needed a few minutes to gain his strength.  To his amazement Diana stroked
his dick until it was semi-hard, she then took it and inserted it into her
pussy.  Pulled her body close to his, put her arms around his neck and gave him
the deepest, most passionate kiss she had ever given a man.  Then she laid her
head on his shoulders and drifted off to a blissful sleep.  The Sheriff grinned.




Chapter 5 - Starting A Family

The Sheriff woke after a brief nap and looked down at Diana, still laying on the
bed.  He had started to roll her over and fuck her in the ass, but he decided to
let her sleep for now and he would fuck her ass later.  He proceeded downstairs
to find Ebony in the Kitchen.  She had cleaned the entire downstairs, finished
breakfast and had just taken the biscuits out of the oven and sat them on the
stove.

Ste was startled when she turned to see the Sheriff standing in back of her. 
She started to get wet between her legs when she looked down and seen his dick
was hard as a rock.  She immediately came over to it and dropped down on her
knees and started licking and sucking it.  She stroked his balls as she bobbed
her head up and down on his dick.  The Sheriff pulled her up and turned her
around.  She quickly turned, leaned over on the chair and stuck her ass into the
air.  As much as the Sheriff liked fucking Diana, he really loved slamming his
dick into Ebony's big ass.  He loved the feeling of her big ass pressing against
his body when he shot his load into Ebony's pussy.

This time, though, he decided he wanted to cum in her ass.  He didn't say a
word, walked up behind Ebony and stuck his dick deep into her pussy.  She was so
wet that his dick slid all the way in with no problem.  Ebony moaned and bucked
her ass backwards against his dick.  After about 15 minutes Ebony was starting
to get to the edge and was ready to cum.  She started moaning, "That's it
Master, fuck this bitch's pussy".  The Sheriff obliged her and slammed into her
pussy.  "Yessssss", was all Ebony could scream as she came and coated his dick
with her juices.

That was what the Sheriff had been waiting for.  He pulled his dick out of her
pussy, took his hands and pulled her ass cheeks apart.  He placed his dick at
the door of her ass and pressed forward.  Ebony moaned as the Sheriff pushed his
dick into her tiny ass.  His dick was big and Ebony felt like it was tearing her
ass apart.  Just as the Sheriff got half of his dick in, he pulled it out. 
Ebony was relieved, but only for a moment.  The Sheriff stuffed two fingers into
her pussy and with his finger coated with her juices, he stuffed them into her
ass. "Mmmm, ohhhh", moaned Ebony.  She didn't want to let the Sheriff know that
he was hurting her, not that it would have made any difference to the Sheriff. 

The Sheriff parted her cheeks and pushed his dick back into her ass again. 
Ebony lied, "That feels good Master".  The Sheriff pushed until his entire dick
was buried in her ass.  With his dick buried in her ass, the Sheriff leaned over
and grabbed Ebony's titties.  "Moved your ass slowly"; he told her.  Ebony
started grinding her ass in a slow gyration on the Sheriffs dick. With his dick
still in her ass, he pulled her up and they kind of waddled and walked until
they were in the living room.  He pushed her down on her knees and then had her
lay flat on the carpet, never taking his dick out of her ass.

He started grinding his hips with her motion and started to slowly fuck her in
the ass.  As Ebony's ass started to adjust to his dick Ebony actually started to
enjoy it.  The Sheriff was startled when he felt his asshole and his balls being
stroked.  He looked back to see Diana smiling, while she continued to stroke
him.  The Sheriff smiled back at her and started pumping Ebony's ass faster and
faster.  "Lay still", he ordered Ebony as he pounded her ass.  Diana knew he was
ready to cum, she pulled her finger out of his ass and slammed two fingers into
Ebony's pussy.  Ebony moaned with pleasure and the Sheriff slammed into her
harder.  Diana's fingering of Ebony's pussy was making her tighten and loosen
her asshole.  The Sheriffs dick felt like it was caught in a vice. 
"Aaaaaaahhhh"; Ebony and the Sheriff screamed as they both came in unison.

The Sheriff fell on top of Ebony and just laid their grinding his hips on
Ebony's ass while Diana stroked his balls.  Eventually the Sheriff rolled over
on his back and the girls immediately climbed over beside him, kissed him,
kissed each other and laid their heads down on his chest.

The Sheriff wanted to stay home and fuck the girls all day, but he knew he had
to complete his training today.  The girls and the Sheriff got up and ate the
breakfast that Ebony had cooked.  The Sheriff was impressed, it was a very good
breakfast and he complimented Ebony on her cooking.  The Sheriff told the girls
that he was going to have to go into the office and was going to leave them by
themselves for a while.  He reminded them about the collar and warned them if
they went outside not to go too far.  The girls nodded their heads in
compliance; the thought of leaving had not even entered their heads.

Ebony was disappointed when he told her to clean up in the kitchen while Diana
came upstairs to help him get cleaned up.  "But Master", she started to say. 
She quickly caught herself when the Sheriff snapped his head around to look at
her.  The Sheriff and Diana proceeded upstairs to the bathe house.  The Sheriff
stepped into the bathe and Diana placed soap on her hands and started to bathe
him.  She noticed his dick was getting hard again as she took a handful of soap
and began to stroke him back and forth.  She rinsed his dick with some water and
took it into her mouth and sucked it.  She was able to get 3/4 of it into her
mouth but had to pull back less she choke.  Diana started to take his dick into
her mouth again, but the Sheriff stopped her and made her stand.

"I'm going to leave you in charge while I am away and there are some things I
want you to do while I am gone"; he told her.  Just as the Sheriff had completed
explaining what he wanted her to do, Ebony walked into the room.  Both girls
bathed the Sheriff, dried him off and then helped him put his uniform on.  While
I am gone, Diana will be in charge.  Ebony really couldn't believe it, she had
done everything he had asked of her and Diana was the one who seemed like she
was getting all of the spoils.  The Sheriff could sense Ebony's disappointment
and knew he had to do something to reassure her.  He turned to her, put his
finger under her chin and lifted her head up.  "Don't worry baby, you are going
to get a special night with me later, okay?"  Ebony couldn't believe it; he
called her baby, not bitch, but baby.

Her face lit up like she was a child and it was Christmas.  The Sheriff pulled
her to him, rapped his arms around her and gave her a long passionate kiss.  He
pulled her away and held her titties in his hand.  He took each nipple one by
one and sucked them into his mouth while he flicked his tongue over them, making
Ebony shutter with joy.  He then took his hand and reached down between her legs
and inserted his finger into her pussy.  Just as he had hoped, it was soaking
wet.

The Sheriff pulled away and kissed her on her lips.  That's my girl, now go and
take a bath and remember to do as you are told while I am gone, he said.  "Yes
Master"; Ebony cooed, as she hurried to the bath.  The Sheriff was pleased, he
had pulled Ebony in nicely, she was right where he wanted her to be.   He turned
to Diana, and pulled her to him, put his arms around her waist and gave her a
passionate kiss that completely blew away the kiss that he had given Ebony. 
That was part of the reason he had sent her to the bath, he did not want her to
see what he was doing to Diana.  He put his tongue in Diana's mouth and put his
arms around Diana, squeezing her body close to his. 

Diana responded by greeting his tongue with her tongue as they shared a
passionate kiss.  The Sheriff pulled his mouth away from her and kissed her on
her cheeks, on her ears, the side of her face and then back to her lips.  This
time Diana shot her tongue into his mouth and let her tongue explore the inside
of mouth.  She slid her leg in-between his legs and ground her pussy into his
dick.  He grabbed her ass and ground his dick into her pussy.  "I'm really going
to miss you, you keep this stuff fresh until I get back and don't forget to do
the things I told you too do"; he told her.  "Yes Master"; Diana said, as she
ran her hand down between his legs and squeezed his dick.  The Sheriff gave her
one more kiss and then pulled away.  He didn't have to feel her pussy, he knew
she was soaking wet.




Chapter 6 - Sisters

Diana closed the door as the Sheriff walked out and then headed to the bathe. 
She stopped by the bedroom and reached in the drawer and pulled out the ball gag
the Sheriff had told her about.  She went into the bathe room where Ebony was
and stepped down into the tub with Ebony.  Ebony was smiling when Diana walked
into her room, but her smile disappeared as she noticed the sinister grin on
Diana's face.  Diana came over to Ebony.  "You will refer to me as Mistress from
now on, now turn around and open your mouth wide"; she ordered.  Ebony was
shaken by the sound of her voice, but turned around obediently and opened her
mouth.  Diana reached around and stuffed the ball gag into her mouth.  Ebony
started to struggle, "Don't make me call the Sheriff"; Diana said.  Ebony
stopped struggling and Diana fastened the ball tightly in the back of her head
and secured it with a small lock.

Diana turned Ebony around and smiled at her.  You had your fun yesterday when
you thought you were going to be in charge.  Well guess what, I'm in charge now
and payback is a bitch!!  She reached out and grabbed Ebony's titty and gave it
a hard twist.  "Ummmhh", was all Ebony could get out through the gag.  She
reached her hands up to pull Diana's hands away from her breast.  Diana smacked
them away and laughed.  "If you do anything without me telling you to again I
will put you in handcuffs, do you understand"; Diana said.  Ebony remembered
what it was like in the handcuffs and knew she didn't want those back on again. 
She started to sob as she shook her head; "ymm ymyyses".  Diana started twisting
her nipples again, watching Ebony's hands to see if they moved.  Ebony moaned in
pain, but did nothing.  After a few minutes, Diana started caressing Ebony's
breast as she twisted her nipples.  Diana reached down and took Ebony's nipple
in her mouth and started flicking her tongue across the nipple.  Back and forth
she went from one nipple to the other.

"mmmmmmm"; Ebony moaned through her gag.  Diana took her hand and placed it
between Ebony's legs.  Ebony quickly spread her legs so that Diana's fingers had
full access to her pussy.  The Sheriff was right, thought Diana, Ebony's pussy
was soaking wet.  She slid two fingers into Ebony's pussy and fucked her with
them at the same time she took her thumb and massaged her clit.  Ebony took her
hand and slid it between Diana's legs and fingered her pussy the same way. 
"Ooooooohh", that feels good Ebony, she said. 

Diana wanted to keep going, but the Sheriff had given her specific orders to
follow and she didn't intend on being disobedient.  Diana grabbed Ebony's hand
and pulled her out of the tub dripping wet.  She took her over to the bed and
placed a pillow on the floor.  Diana told Ebony to get down on the floor and
place her knees on the pillow, lay her head on the bed and don't move.  Ebony
was not sure what Diana was doing, but her pussy was so hot that she was willing
to do anything as long as she got to come.

Diana was doing something in back of her, but she was standing off to the side
and Diana had conveniently placed pillows in front of her face so that she could
not see in the mirrors.  Ebony heard Diana's footsteps coming as she walked up
behind her.  Diana kicked Ebony's legs apart to further expose her pussy.  She
moaned as Diana stuffed her fingers into her pussy to make sure Ebony's pussy
was still wet.  Satisfied that her pussy was still wet, she stepped in front of
Ebony so that Diana could the see the hand whip and the black dildo that she had
strapped on.  "Wouldn't listen to me when I told you not to do anything unless I
told you, huh?"  Ebony was in shock, she thought Diana had enjoyed it when she
had placed her fingers between her legs.  She tried to apologize through her
gag, but all that came out was, "ummmh umhhh ummmh".  "Shut UP Bitch, I didn't
give you permission to speak"; Diana yelled.

"Do you want it in the pussy or the ass", Diana asked?  "Umssy, immstr", was all
Ebony could say.  I tell you what, I'm going to take your gag off and let you
eat my pussy.  You are not to talk or ask any questions.  If you can make me cum
in fifteen minutes, I will fuck your pussy, otherwise I'll gag you and stuff it
up your ass, you understand?  Ebony shook her head yes.

Diana unlocked the ball gag and took it out of Ebony's mouth and then she
unhooked the dildo and set down on the bed in front of Ebony.  "Well what are
you waiting for, the clock is ticking"; she said.  Ebony quickly moved between
Diana's legs and stuck her tongue in Diana's pussy.  She licked up her juices
and pulled her tongue back and took Diana's clit into her mouth and sucked on
it.  "Oooohhh bitch you got a hot tongue", Diana said.  Diana grabbed Ebony's by
the back of the head and pulled it away and then slammed it back down on her
pussy and ground her pussy into Ebony's mouth.  Diana repeated this rhythm over
and over, building her climax up and then letting it down.

"Eat me bitch, move your damn tongue"; she ordered.  Ebony looked over at the
clock out of the corner of her eyes.   Five minutes left.  She could tell Diana
was getting closer to cumming because she pulled her head away for shorter and
shorter periods.  Ebony took her middle finger and eased it into Diana's ass and
fucked her back and forth.  Diana was enjoying Ebony's finger in her ass, but
she did not want Ebony to be in control.  With one hand she ground Ebony's head
onto her pussy as hard as she could.  With the other hand she took the whip,
"Crack", across Ebony's ass.  Ebony pulled her finger out of Diana's ass and
tried to pull her head away.  "Keep eating bitch and keep your finger out of my
ass.  I told you to eat pussy and eating pussy is all you should be doing";
Diana yelled.

Ebony started to cry again but she continued to eat Diana's pussy.  One minute
left, Diana grabbed Ebony on both sides of her head and humped her pussy into
her mouth.  Ebony grabbed Diana's clit in her mouth and stabbed at it with her
tongue.  "AAaaaahhh, yess"; Diana moaned, as she went over the top with her
climax.  Ebony looked over at the clock, ten seconds to spare.

As Diana came down from her climax, she heard the clock go off.  "Not bad bitch,
now get back on the pillow"; she ordered.  Ebony did as she was told.  Diana
reconnected the dildo and got down on her knees behind Ebony.  Diana stuck her
fingers between Ebony's legs and played with her pussy until she felt Ebony's
juices starting to flow.  Once Ebony was good and wet, she took the dildo and
eased it into her pussy. "mmmmmm"; Ebony moaned.  Diana started fucking Ebony
like the Master had fucked her.  She had never fucked a woman with a strapon
before.  As she fucked her from behind, she began to understand why men liked
this position so much, it was a position of dominance. 

As Diana was pumping Ebony's pussy, she reached around and grabbed her titties
and began massaging them.  Ebony started moaning more and more as she neared her
orgasm and slammed her ass back toward Diana.  "Don't you cum until I tell you
too bitch", Diana ordered.  "Yes Mistress"; said Ebony.  Diana enjoyed teasing
Ebony's pussy.  She would insert the dildo halfway into her pussy and rock it
back and forth.  Other times she would slam the entire dildo into her pussy and
grind her hips onto Ebony's ass while she would reach around her and stroke her
clit. 

Ebony was so wet, her juices ran down Diana's legs.  Every time she got close to
cumming Diana would reach up and squeeze her nipples as hard as she could,
making Ebony scream out in pain.  Diana had her lay flat on her stomach and
spread her legs wide.  She layed on top of her with the dildo inserted deep into
Ebony's pussy and humped on Ebony's ass.  She also could see why the Sheriff
liked laying on Ebony's ass.  As she ground the dildo into Ebony's pussy, her
clit was rubbing against Ebony's ass, the feeling was sensational.  Diana,
knowing that Ebony was getting closer to cumming and that she couldn't whole out
much longer herself said' "Bitch, beg me to allow you to cum".  Ebony wasted no
time begging, "Oh mistress please let your slave slut cum".

"On your knees bitch"; Diana ordered.  Ebony scampered to her knees and Diana
rewarded her by grabbing her hips and pounding her pussy until Ebony screamed as
she reached her climax.  "Oooooh, yesssss, oooooh, yesssss, fuck me mistress,
fuck my pussy mistress,  fuck mmeeeeee, fuck meeeeeee, aiiiiiiiyyyyyy"; Ebony
moaned as her climaxed racked her body.  She had never imagine a woman could
make her cum like that, she was floating on the top of the world.  Diana was
totally amazed as she pulled the dildo out of Ebony's pussy, Ebony had passed
out!!

Diana took this time to complete the rest of the Sheriffs instructions.  She
went into the bedroom and opened the envelope he had left for her.  There were
three letters inside of the envelope.  The first one read, "Read Me First". 
Then there was a "Slave" and a "Forgive" envelope.  Diana opened the "Read Me
First" envelope.

You punished Ebony for the pain that she made you feel, now you get to choose
whether you want to keep her as your slave or if you want to forgive her for
what she did to you.  The choice is completely yours.  If you choose to keep her
as your slave, open the "slave" envelope; otherwise open the "forgive" envelope. 
Keep in mind that whichever decision you make does not guarantee that she would
have made the same decision for you or will return the favor if things should
change.  After you make your decision you must complete the instructions in the
envelope you have chosen by the time I get home at six, otherwise your positions
will be reversed.

Diana thought about the choice she had been given.  It was noon time.  She was
going to have to think awhile on this one.  She went down to the Kitchen to have
some coffee.




Chapter 7 - The Choice

Diana finished her coffee and went back upstairs.  Ebony was still sleeping on
the floor.  Diana reached over and caressed her ass.  She slid her finger into
Ebony's pussy and stroked it back and forth.  "Mmmmmm, that feels good
mistress".  Call me Diana she told Ebony.  Ebony turned and looked at Diana. 
The evil grin had left her face and she was smiling at Ebony.  Without another
word, Diana straddled her head in a 69 position and set her pussy down on
Ebony's lips.  Ebony was not sure what was going on, but she knew what to do
with her pussy.  Ebony stuck her tongue in Diana's pussy and ate her juices. 
Diana moaned with pleasure as she ground her hips on Ebony's tongue.  She leaned
forward, spread Ebony's legs apart and stuck her finger back into her pussy. 
She took her clit into her mouth, sucked on it and teased with her tongue.  At
the same time, she slid her finger into Ebony's ass and finger fucked her ass. 
Ebony gyrated her hips and moaned in pleasure, then she took her finger and slid
it into Diana's ass.  After about 30 minutes, but girls screamed as their
orgasms came at the same time.

Both girls lay on the bed in each others arms, kissing each others lips and
massaging their breast.  Diana told Ebony that she had been given a choice, she
could continue to punish her for causing her to get punished the day before or
she could remember what good friends they were and forgive her.  Depending on
which option she chooses, she was to open one of the two cards in her hand and
do what the card instructed her.  Diana held up the two cards, "I decided to
forgive you"; she said.  Diana opened the card that read "Forgive" and read the
instructions.  Ebony waited in anticipation.

Diana smiled at Ebony, "the card says that I should make love to you, very
tenderly".  Diana reached over and kissed Ebony's lips.  She kissed them soft
and passionately and then ran her tongue all around her lips.  She couldn't
believe how much she was enjoying the kiss.  Ebony was enjoying it too because
she was returning Diana's kiss very affectionately.  Ebony placed her hand on
Diana's breast and squeezed it.  She took the nipple between her fingers and
massaged it between her fingers.  "Ooooh, yess Ebony that feels so goooood";
Diana said.

Ebony pulled Diana's body close to hers.  She took her breast and rubbed them
against Diana's and at the same time put her arms around Diana's neck and stuck
her tongue deep in Diana's mouth.  Diana took her hand and wrapped them around
Ebony's waist and then let them drop down to Ebony's ass.  She squeezed and
massaged her ass and rubbed her nipples back and forth against Ebony's.  Ebony
took one hand from around Diana's neck and placed it between her legs.  Diana's
pussy was wet and Ebony slid another finger and worked them back and forth.  She
grabbed Diana's clit and massaged it between he fingers.  "Fuck Me, please", was
all Diana could say.

Ebony pushed Diana away and had her lay down on the bed on her stomach.  "Let me
give you pleasure first", Ebony said.  Ebony started at Diana's toes; she
massaged her foot while she sucked her toes.  Diana had heard of this but had
never had it done to her before.  She marveled at how good it felt.  Ebony
continued her massage and worked her way up Ebony's legs.   She kissed the
inside of Diana's thighs and then slid her tongue between Diana's legs.  She
kissed all around her pussy but did not put her tongue in.  She slid her finger
into Diana's pussy but stopped when she only had the tip in her pussy.  She
wiggled it back and forth and then flicked her clit one time.  "Put it in, I
need to feel it inside of me", Diana moaned.

"Not yet", Ebony said.  She started kissing and massaging her ass and repeated
the same procedure with her asshole that she had done with her pussy.  She
continued up her body massaging her back, arms and shoulders.  "Do you like that
baby", Ebony asked Diana?  "Yeessss', Diana moaned.  Ebony laid down on top of
Diana and ground her pussy into Diana's ass.  Diana could tell that Ebony was
soaking wet too because she could feel Ebony's juices on her ass.  Ebony stood
up on her knees and kissed Diana back down her body.  Again, stopping to play
with her asshole and pussy before getting up.

"Turn over", she told Diana.  Diana quickly rolled over, her pussy was so wet,
she didn't care how Ebony made her cum as long as she made her cum.  Ebony laid
on top of Diana and ground her pussy onto her pussy at the same time their
nipples met and she ground them into Diana's.  She kissed Diana on her neck and
on her ear.  Diana started to wrap her arms around Ebony, but Ebony grabbed them
and intertwined their fingers and held her hands out to the side of her.  Diana
thought she was finally going to cum but then Ebony started moving down her
body.  She kissed and massaged her breasts.  Licking them and playing with her
nipples.  Diana was grinding her hips against any part of Ebony's body she could
touch.  Her pussy was so hot she thought she was going to explode.

Ebony moved down Diana's body, stopping to play with her navel, while her
fingers danced all around Diana's pussy.  She moved down between Diana's legs
and stuck her tongue deep into her pussy so that she could taste her juices. 
"Aaaaaaahhhh", Diana moaned.  She grabbed the back of Ebony's head and ground
her pussy onto her lips.  Ebony pulled her hands away and continued to kiss down
Diana's body.  She kissed back and forth on the inside of Diana's thighs causing
Diana to buck her hips in passion.  She went back down to her toes and sucked
and played with each toe before returning back to Diana's pussy.

Suddenly Diana grabbed Ebony and through her over on the bed.  "It's my turn
now", she said.  Diana returned the favor to Ebony and teased and played with
her that exact same way she had done Diana.  "Eat Me Diana, I'm ready", Ebony
told Diana.  Diana smiled, "You ready to have your pussy fucked", she said. 
"Yessssss"; said Ebony.  "Turn around and get on your knees, I'm going to give
you a special treat", Diana said.  Ebony wasn't sure what she meant by this but
her pussy was so hot; she didn't care as long as she was fucked.

The Sheriff had left instructions for Diana to use a special dildo, one that was
different from the other one she had been using.  Diana looked at the dildo. 
The only difference she could see was this one had gel balls and a little short
part that would stick into her pussy once she strapped it on.  It looked like
the part that went into her pussy was too short to give her any pleasure, so she
figured it would do something special for Ebony.

She strapped it on and kneeled behind Ebony.  Ebony's pussy was so wet, Diana
didn't need any lubrication.  She slid the dildo into Ebony's pussy.  "Aaaahhhhh
yessssss, fuck meeeeee", Ebony moaned.  Two strokes in, grind your hips, pull
out and then slam in as hard as she could.  Diana was not sure why, but this is
what the instructions the Sheriff had left said to do.  It must be working Diana
thought because Ebony was moaning with joy.  Suddenly Ebony felt something
between her legs.  The part of the dildo that she had inserted into her pussy
was starting to vibrate!  It was vibrating against her clit and was driving her
wild!!!  She began to follow the rhythm the Sheriff had given her faster.  Two
strokes in, grind your hips, pull out and then slam in as hard as she could.

The faster she went the faster the vibration in her pussy.  Diana grabbed
Ebony's hips and started fucking her as fast and as hard as she could.  
"AAhhhhhhh, yeesssss, fuck meee, don't stop, I'm cumming, fuck me harder,
harder, ysssssss", Ebony moaned.  "Get ready Ebony, I'm almost theree", Diana
told her.  She was fucking Ebony like crazy, pounding her pussy.   The buzzer in
Diana's pussy was driving her wild; she couldn't take it any more.  She slammed
the dildo into Ebony pussy one last time, "I'm cummminnnnggg"; she yelled, as
the best orgasm she had ever had shot through her entire body.  At the same time
Diana's orgasm triggered the gel sacs on the dildo and they shot warms sticky
juices into Ebony's pussy.  That was all Ebony needed; "aiiiiiyyyyeeyyyy"; she
screamed as her orgasm took over her body.

The girls collapsed on the bed with the dildo still buried in their pussy's. 
They lay their panting as Ebony continued to grind her ass into Ebony's pussy,
trying to drain every bit of juice out of the dildos.  They both fell to sleep.




Chapter 8 - The Sheriff Returns

Unknown to the girls, the Sheriff had been watching them the entire day.  He had
pulled his dick out of his pants several times and stroked it.  He was close to
cumming each time but had resisted the urge.  He was saving it all for when he
got home.  This had been the final test.  He had hoped that Diana's friendship
for Ebony would overtake her anger and the two would become lovers.  Though he
enjoyed watching them dominate each other, they were to be the first in his
harem and he needed them to work together to control the other girls.

The Sheriff stood over the girls looking at them.  They were so exhausted they
didn't even wake when he walked in the door.  The Sheriff left them sleeping,
went to the Kitchen and poured a glass of wine and then went to the bathe.  He
took off his clothes and sat down in warm water and soaked while he sipped on
his wine.  He pulled out his cock and stroked it in his hands.  It was rock hard
in a few minutes.  He smiled, he couldn't wait to fuck his play toys, but first
he wanted to finish his wine.  He finished his glass of wine and laid his head
down to rest, he was going to need plenty of energy.  He woke 15 minutes later
when he heard the door open and Ebony and Diana walked in the room.  His dick
immediately started getting hard when he seen them. The girls walked toward him
smiling, hand-in-hand.  "Master we did not hear you come in", they said.  "You
were sleep and I thought I would let you get some rest before you came to do
something about this", he replied, while he was holding his dick in his hand and
pointing it at the girls.

The girls entered the water and wasted no time in pleasuring the Sheriff.  Diana
wrapped her lips around the Sheriffs dick and massaged and stroked his balls. 
Ebony sat down in front of him and placed one of her breast at his lips.  The
Sheriff took it in his mouth and sucked and played with her nipples.  He grabbed
her breast with his hand and squeezed them.  "Oooooh", Ebony moaned.  The three
of them got out of the bathe and went into the bedroom.  The Sheriff laid on his
back and Diana turned around backward and sat on his dick.  She lowered and
raised her pussy on his dick like a hot piston.  Slamming her pussy down as hard
as she could so that the Sheriff's cock went as deep as it could.  Ebony
straddled the Sheriffs head and lowered her pussy down onto his mouth.  The
Sheriff stuck his tongue deep in her pussy and licked at her juices, he grabbed
her breast with his hands, squeezing and massaging them while he ate her pussy.

Ebony was enjoying the Sheriffs mouth but then she remembered the climax Diana
had with the new dildo Diana used.  She reluctantly pulled her pussy off the
Sheriffs mouth and before he could complain, she said, "Wait-a-minute", I have a
surprise.  The Sheriff let her go and began to concentrate on the fucking Diana
was giving his cock.  With her back to him, he had a clear view of her asshole. 
He reached down and stuck his finger into her ass.  "Oooooh yyesss"; Diana
moaned as the Sheriff fingered her ass.  The two were getting into a nice rhythm
when Ebony walked back into the room.  The Sheriff looked over and saw that she
had the strap-on that he had told Diana to fuck her with and wondered what she
was up to.

Ebony told Diana to turn around and fuck the Sheriff.  Diana turned around and
was startled for a minute when she seen Ebony with the strap-on.  She lowered
her pussy back down onto the Sheriff's dick and then leaned forward so her chest
ground into his.  She opened her mouth and gave the Sheriff a long passionate
kiss while she ground her pussy onto his dick.  Just as she had thought, she
felt Ebony kneeling behind her.  Ebony grabbed some oil that was on the shelf
and covered the dildo with it and then parted Diana's cheeks and poured the oil
into her asshole.  She stuck her finger in her ass and fingered her asshole
while the Sheriff fucked her.  Diana was moaning in pleasure, "fuck me, fuck me
now, I wanted to feel you fucking my ass".  Ebony pulled her finger out of
Diana's ass and poured some more oil in her ass.  Then she reached down and
pulled Diana's cheeks apart and pushed the head of the dildo into her ass. 
"Ohhh, that's a big dick, fuck me in my ass and make me scream", she told Ebony.

Ebony kept easing the dick forward until the entire dick was in Diana's ass.  
She leaned forward and laid still on Diana's ass while the Sheriff continued to
slam his dick up into her pussy.  Slowly Diana's ass started to adjust for the
size of the dildo in her ass.  "Fuck me slow", Diana said to Ebony.  Ebony
started to do just that.  The Sheriff held still while Ebony slowly eased the
dick in and out of Diana's ass.  After a few minutes, Diana started to get use
to it, she looked down at the Sheriff and said, "Master my pussy needs to feel
that big dick  you have".  The Sheriff didn't need to be asked twice, he resumed
his pounding of her pussy.

"Two strokes in, grind your hips, pull out and then slam in as hard as you can";
Diana told Ebony.  Ebony thought this was a bit unusual, but she did as Diana
asked.  She received the same shock that Diana received when the dildo started
vibrating in her pussy.  As the dildo vibrated more Ebony increased her tempo
more.  "Aaaahaaaahh, oooooooo,  yessssssss, ffuccck, oohhh", was all Diana could
say.  Now both the Sheriff and Ebony were pounding full speed into Diana.  "Move
your ass, that's it keep it going, don't stop", the Sheriff yelled.   "Ohh,
Diana, your ass feels so damn good, I want to cum in your ass", Ebony moaned.

The Sheriff reached around Diana and grabbed Ebony's breast and squeezed and
massaged her nipples.  Ebony, in turn, reached around and grabbed Diana's breast
in her hands and twisted, squeezed and massaged them as she fucked her ass. 
Then she grabbed both of Diana's breast, and held on tight and slammed the dildo
in her ass as fast and as hard as she could.  They were all screaming, moaning
and bucking their hips and then it happened.  The Sheriff was the first to go. 
He grabbed Diana's ass and yelled; "Here I cummmmmmm"; as he shot his load into
her pussy.  Ebony followed, the vibrator in her pussy was more than she could
stand.  She grabbed Ebony's breast and with one last big thrust, she came. 
"aiiiiiyyeeeessss, oh shit, here I cummmm"; she screamed.  As she came the gel
balls released their load and the juices shot into Diana's ass.  That triggered
Diana's climax.  "Yesssssssssss, here I - I - I - cummmmmm"; she screamed. 
Diana's climax seemed to go on forever.  The Sheriff continued fucking her in
her pussy while Ebony was grinding the dildo in her ass.

Finally they all fell over on the bed exhausted.  This was working out far
better than the Sheriff had ever imagined.  He couldn't wait to recruit more
girls, but for now he was content with fucking Diana and Ebony and looked
forward toward many more exciting nights.  The Sheriff had been lying on the bed
for about 20 minutes and was starting to drift off to sleep when he look down
and felt Ebony lips wrap around his dick and started pumping.



Here we go again .....



THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Boomer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





