BDSM Library - Jennifer's First Day as a Camp Slut




Jennifer's First Day as a Camp Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl goes on vacation and gets more than she bargained for when she's kidnapped and turned into a cum loving slut.
Jennifer's First Day
as a Camp Slut

Jennifer was enjoying her vacation at the beach. She'd been working hard on one
of the major advertising projects her company was doing and she badly needed the
relaxation that the woods and lake brought to her. She had brought along two of
her best friends with her for the week she planned to camp on the beach. They'd
been having a great time since they arrived and were roasting marshmallows over
the dying fire, telling jokes and discussing their sex lives, or lack there of
as it was in Jennifer's case.

They all slept in until late morning the next day. Her two friends planned on
going for a hike through one of the trails that had been worn throughout the
years of people camping in the area. She decided to stay and relax in the warm
sunshine and lake. Knowing her friends would be gone for at least three hours
and that it was still a little early in the season for other campers to be out,
she decided to go for a swim and "even out her tan." She did a quick double
check of the area around the small lake for any other campers and then stripped
her clothes off and let her long hair down. She walked ankle deep into the water
to test the temperature, shivered at the still spring cool water but enjoyed the
refreshing feel of it. She walked in slowly, gasping as the water licked at her
pussy, and then dove in all at once, feeling the cool refreshing water over her
naked body as she surfaced. She loved the freedom of swimming naked, feeling her
C-cup breasts float free in the water, her pink nipples hard and erect from the
cold. She moved her hands up and down her body, as she floated on her back
kicking lightly towards the middle of the small lake. She massaged her breasts
and pinched her nipples before she moved her hands down to her trimmed pussy
feeling the warmth radiating from it. She grumbled as she thought of how long it
had been since she last had a cock buried deep inside her cunt. She turned over
and dove under the water to clear her head and get the frustrating thoughts out
of her mind.

As she surfaced she suddenly felt a large hand grab a handful of her hair and
push her under as she let out a scream. The hand pulled her up above the surface
as she coughed and sputtered, her hands flying up to try to escape. Her heart
was racing when she saw a large man sitting in raft boat with her hair wrapped
in his hand. She desperately tried to cover her naked body with her hands when
he growled and plunged her under the water again. She flailed up grabbing the
small boat trying to pull herself up to the surface against his strength. He
pulled her back up and spoke sternly to her. "You swim about with your naked
body showing off and now you want to cover it? Do NOT do it again. Clasp your
hands behind your back NOW and keep them there." She did as she was told for
fear of being plunged under the water again. She closed her eyes in humiliation
as her breasts jutted out in front of her, floating in the water. The man pawed
at her breasts with his other hand, squeezing them hard and pinching her nipples
between his fingers. "Nice tits you got, hard nipples... you're a horny slut
aren't you? Now how about that pussy," he reached down to her pussy and shoved
his fingers between her lips, "trimmed, but still hairy... that's ok though it
will easily be fixed... nice pussy though, good and tight. Yes, you'll make a
perfect little camp slut for me." He looked into her tear filled eyes and
grinned menacingly. She pleaded with him, "ple.. please, let me go, please don't
hurt me, my friends will be back any minute," it was a lie but she figured she
had nothing to lose. He snickered "I won't hurt you more than I have to as long
as you behave like a good little slave girl... GOT IT!" She winced at his
powerful voice and without thinking, nodded.

He pulled up roughly from the water and dropped her into the boat on her
stomach. He pawed at her ass, giving it a hard slap and pulled her cheeks apart
to look at her little hole. He grunted in approval and then picked up the rope
on the bottom of the boat tying her wrists tightly together behind her. He
rolled her over and tied her legs together and to the rope around the edge of
the boat. "Now, we have a little trip to go on before we get to camp where we'll
start your training." She whimpered and squirmed in protest, to which she was
met with a slap across her breasts. She bit her lip to keep from screaming.
After what seemed like forever but what was probably only fifteen minutes, she
felt the boat scrape against the bottom of the lake and watched as the man got
out and pulled it up onto the shore. He untied her legs and pulled her to her
feet tossing his extra pair of sandals to the ground. "Put them on without a
word from that mouth" he barked. She slipped her small feet into them... they
were way too big for her but they were better than her bare feet. He wrapped
some rope around her waist and then between her legs and pulled it tight so it
pushed up into her slit and ass crack. Before she knew it he was pulling on the
other end of the rope forcing her to follow him like a puppy in a harness. She
whimpered and cried out as she tried to keep up with him without tripping and
falling in the sandals. He turned around suddenly and twisted a nipple hard
between his fingers causing her to scream. "I said I did NOT want to hear a
noise come from your mouth now SHUT UP or I will take a stick and whip your ass
until it's covered in welts." She felt tears slide down her cheeks as she nodded
in fear.

Two hours later, after 7 stumbles and rope tightened about her waist and crotch
every time he yanked on it, she saw a clearing with a tent and fire pit next to
a stream. He pulled her to a bench near the pit and untied the rope around her
wrists and waist. She rubbed at her raw wrists when they were free and felt
tempted to try to get away but just as she thought about it, the thought went
away, knowing she would never succeed. "Sit down and don't move.  I'll be back"
he growled, and she knew she would, as much as she wanted to get away, she
didn't know where they were or how to get back. He turned and went to his tent.
He walked back with a towel in his hand, a bucket, some soap, and a razor. He
walked to the stream and filled the bucket half full of water and then walked
back to her. He put the towel down on the rough bench, "lie down on this and
spread your legs wide" he ordered. She tried to move quickly even though she was
shaking like a leaf. She had a feeling that she knew he was going to shave her
pussy. She had never had a bald pussy since she was a little girl and was not
looking forward to a stranger taking a sharp object to it. She winced but again
bit her lip so's not to make a noise for fear of what he would do with that
razor in his hand. "Now, we'll make your pussy look like a proper slave pussy
before we make you one." He doused her pussy with the cold water and rubbed the
soap over the entire surface. She jumped when she felt the razor against her
skin, he snickered to himself at her skittishness, and gasped when she felt the
air against her newly shaved pussy. He worked slowly and carefully to make sure
it was smooth and perfect. After a short time, he was done and wiped her dry
with a corner of the towel. She started crying softly at her new humiliation,
her most private spot made completely public.

He smiled at his work and pulled her up by her arm so she was again standing. He
pinched her nipple again just for the sake of seeing her wince. "Now we'll start
your training. First of course I need to find out how you perform. Get on your
knees NOW slut" She dropped down to her knees dreading what was about to come.
He opened his jeans and pulled his half hard cock out right in front of her
face. "I want you to beg for my cock. I want you to make me want you to suck on
it. I want to know that you crave my cum. Now beg for it" he snorted at her.
"Please... don't... I don't like to... please don't make me do it," she cried,
her tears streaming down her cheeks as she looked at him pleadingly. She was met
by a slap across her cheek which caused her to fall to the ground. He roughly
pulled her up and leaned her over the bench. He slapped her ass hard with his
hand, causing her to scream in pain. He slapped her over and over, watching as
her ass turned red before his eyes. He stopped and turned her around, "if you
don't want that again, tell me what I want to hear" he growled through clenched
teeth. She cried as she looked at his fat cock, debating on how to handle her
situation. She new she had no choice and so looked up at him "please Sir...
please allow me to suck on your cock. Please use my mouth to please you. I need
to taste your cum, please please Sir allow me to suck your cum from your cock,"
she begged, hoping he would be satisfied. He felt his cock jump to attention as
he listened to her beg for his cock. He grabbed her head in his hands and forced
his cock into her open mouth, surprising her and causing her to gag on his fat
meat. He pulled it out and then pushed it back in, holding onto her head pushing
it towards him as he fucked her mouth. "Yeah that's it baby suck on that cock.
You'll worship it soon enough, beg for it every moment you get. Yeah, that's
right swallow it bitch," he shoved his cock deep into her throat feeling her
swallow it down trying hard to please him so she wouldn't receive another
beating. She forced herself to relax as he used her mouth as if it were only
made to shove his cock in and out of. Her eyes bulged open as he suddenly shot
his hot load into her mouth causing her to cough and gag. "BITCH, look at the
mess you've made you little SLUT!" he bellowed as he quickly wiped the cum from
her chin and tits and shoved his fingers in her mouth "clean them off you slut,
you will never spit my cum out, you will always take it as though it is the most
wanted gift you could receive, UNDERSTAND!?" She nodded quickly and stammered
"y..y..yes S..Sir."

He pulled her to her feet and forced a kiss on her lips, moving down to her
breasts sucking and biting her nipples. "For something you don't like doing,
you're damn good at giving a blowjob," he smirked at her as his hand moved down
between her legs and fondled with her bald pussy lips. "Now to test the
usefulness of your other holes." "Holes Sir?" "Yes holes, slut... you do have
two others which have not been tested yet." Her eyes widened when she realized
what he was talking about. Her hand instinctively covered her ass protectively.
"Oh, hahaha, you don't want it up the ass? Well tough luck bitch, you are my
little slave slut and you don't have a choice now bend over the bench," he
barked at her. She whimpered and just couldn't force herself to subject to his
order. She had never had anything up her asshole before and she had always
planned to keep it that way. When she didn't comply he whipped her around and
slapped her ass hard, over and over again, causing her to scream and squirm. "DO
NOT hesitate when I give you and order! For that you will now wish you had done
as you were told. I was going to go nice and slow since obviously your asshole
is virginal... now you've caused yourself to get a good ass raping." She
screamed and tried to get away but didn't get very far when he grabbed her and
pinned her against the bench. He reached around her and grabbed the small bottle
of oil sitting with his cooking things and poured some onto his free hand. He
rubbed it over his already hard cock and rubbed the rest at her opening. He
pushed his finger inside her, causing her to squirm, and then slapped her ass
hard, leaving a hand print. He held her down and positioned his cockhead at her
tight hole. He pushed it into her hole feeling it stretch open and then pop as
his head moved past her tight sphincter. She sobbed as she felt her ass split
open by his fat cockhead. She tried hard to relax her muscles so as to ease the
pain as much as possible. He grabbed her hips and with one hard, fast thrust he
plunged his entire fat hard cock inside her tiny little hole. She screamed in
pain and squirmed under him "oh god! please take it out! please oh please it
hurts so much, please please take it out." "What was that slut? You like it? You
want more... ok here you go," he taunted her as he pulled his cock out of her
and then plunged back in. She felt like she was being split in two. He moved in
and out of her holding back his urge to shoot his load... he wanted to make sure
she was nice and loosened up before he filled her ass up. After a few minutes of
him thrusting in and out of her ass, hard, then slow and deep, alternating, she
felt her muscles relaxing and the pain starting to go away. He reached around
her and flicked her clit with his fingers, pinching it and then started circling
it with his finger causing her to body to betray her and become aroused. She bit
back a small moan when her cunt started juicing over his fingers. "My my bitch,
you really do like this don't you. Beg me to cum in your ass." "Yes Sir, please
fuck my ass and shoot your load inside my hole. I am just a slave slut Sir,
please use me as one and cum deep inside my tight hole" she begged
humiliatingly. He couldn't hold back any longer after hearing her beg like a
perfect little slave girl and slammed his cock deep inside her ass as he shot
his second load into her. "MMMMMmmmmm ohhhhh yeahhh that's right my little
slut.... your ass is so good UNNNGGGGGHHH AGGHHH," he groaned as he pumped spurt
after spurt of hot cum into her ass. He kept his cock inside her until it
softened and slipped out. "Ahhhh that was great, you have a perfect slutty
asshole my bitch. I'll get lots of use out of that. Now I'm hungry, go make
dinner." He got up and went about chopping some wood for the fire that night.
She stayed on her knees crying and wallowing in her misery, feeling completely
violated and angry at herself for letting her body betray her. He walked past
her and slapped her ass again "get moving slave." She slowly got to her feet and
carefully moved about preparing the meal for the two of them.

Near the end of the meal, it started getting dark and she shivered as the air
cooled around her naked body. She clung near to the fire while the man finished
his meal. She was glad he liked it..she didn't want to think about what would
happen if he hadn't. When he placed his plate on the bench she got up without
being asked and took both plates to the stream to wash them. She figured she'd
be told to do it anyway, she'd rather do something to please him and perhaps it
would award her some brownie points and he'd give her a break. Just as she
finished, he came up behind her and spoke "come on slut, you still have one hole
left to be used, and I have a certain thing in mind to do it." Her heart jumped
into her throat at all the horrible thoughts suddenly racing through her mind.
She stood and looked at him with a pleading look hoping he wouldn't hurt her. He
grabbed her arms and dragged her over to a large tree with a jutting wide
branch. He wrapped rope around her wrists and pulled them up to the branch. She
stood up on her toes to ease the tension on her arms. He stepped back and looked
at her with a satisfied smile on her face. He pulled a leather flogger from his
belt and slapped it against his hand while he looked at her. He pulled a
blindfold from his pocket and quickly put it over her eyes, to her immediate
protests. "No please! Let me see! Please Sir, I beg you, take the blindfold
off." "Not this time slut, you've mostly been a good girl today but I need to
give you a proper punishment so that you will keep yourself in line. Besides I
love watching a naked slave twist and groan and squirm when she's being
punished." He pawed her breasts with his hands, squeezing and rubbing them....
rolling her nipples between his fingers. "Damn you have perfect tits... firm and
perky, a nice handful to play with." He suddenly became very quiet, the only
thing she could hear was the night crickets. Then she heard a fast WHOOSH and
felt the sting of small leather pieces biting her skin. She squealed and jerked
away, causing her breasts to bounce with her movement. Then next blow came
quickly, and then the next and the next one after another, criss crossing
against her back and ass. She squirmed and cried out with every bite of the
leather, feeling her skin heat up and poke out in small welts. He moved to the
front of her and whipped hard at her breasts with the flogger, watching it cause
her breasts to bounce and become striped, listening to her whimpers and groans
causing his cock to become rock hard once again. He said nothing to her, despite
her plea's for him to stop. He pushed her legs open wide and brought the flogger
upwards against her bald pussy. She screamed loudly and jumped away as she felt
the leather bite into her tender pussy flesh and wrap around to her ass,
snapping at her sore asshole. She jumped and screamed as she whipped her 5 more
times in the same fashion.

By the time he was done, her body was pleasantly dotted with tiny red welts and
long criss crosses. "Now for the best part... but you need to tell me what you
want slut and you better say it well or you'll get more of the flogger." She
sobbed and sniffled, her tears rolling down her cheeks onto her breasts. She
knew what he wanted her to do and she hated the idea of begging him to, once
again fuck her and cum inside her. And to her horror she feared of what would
happen after having his sperm pumped into her cunt. She must have thought too
long because she suddenly felt another bunch of tiny stings on her breasts, one
landing directly on her nipple. She jumped and quickly started blabbering the
things she thought he'd want to hear. "Sir, I would love it if you would use
your slave's slutty cunt hole for your cock's pleasure. My holes are here for
your use to please yourself and shoot your hot cum load into. My cunt is craving
your fat cock to fill it up and feed with your cum. Please Sir, please rape this
slut's wet cunt." He smiled, pleased with her ability to make him just about
spurt his cum on her right there. He stepped forward and lifted her legs up
around his waist. He positioned his hard, fat cock at her opening, which he did
notice was dripping wet. "So what is it you want me to do again slut?" "Please
Sir, fuck my ... I mean your slut's cunt so that your cock is pleased. Please
slam it hard into me and force your slut's cunt to take it all." He moaned at
her words and slammed his cock deep inside her cunt, shocked at how tight it
was. She wasn't a virgin, he could tell that... but she certainly felt like one.
He groaned and held her by her ass and hips and pulled her towards him as he
pushed into her moving faster and faster. He thrust harder into her with every
stroke, feeling his cockhead push up into her cervix and then pulled out all the
way, and then slammed back into her deep and hard. She gasped and moaned as she
felt him push up so deep inside her. "Ohhh god my slut, you are one good fuck. I
guess that's a good thing since that's all you're good for... just to provide
three slutty fuck holes for my cock's pleasure. UNNNGGHH YEAHHH," he groaned and
thrust into her harder, watching her breasts bounce at the force, he lowered his
head and sucked her nipples, biting and nibbling on them as he used her cunt. He
reached under her ass with one hand and roughly pushed a finger up her sore
asshole and finger fucked it while he slammed in and out of her hot slippery
cunt. "MMMMM yeah ... oh yeah bitch you are good. Now what do you want me to do?
You said you wanted me to fuck you... you said something else too but I think I
need my memory refreshed" She groaned and started begging him again "please Sir,
please shoot your hot creamy load deep, so deep inside your slut's cunt. Use
your slut's fuck hole and feed it with your cum." He groaned and shoved his cock
deep into her, up through her cervix and felt his cock spasm as he shot his hot
load deep inside her. She could feel his cock shoot load after load of cum
inside her. She tightened her cunt muscles around his cock hoping he would enjoy
it. "OH yes slut... that's right, milk my cock with your cunt... that's right
UNNGHHHH YEAHHH AGGGGHHHH UNGH UNGH" he groaned and grunted as she shot the last
bit of his load into her. He let his cock slid out of her and quickly dove down
to give her pussy a quick lick. "Good girl... if you're good tomorrow you'll get
some more of this," he said in a low voice as she lapped at her pussy and
sucking on her clit before standing up and untying her arms. He took her to the
stream and washed her body with the cold water so she would be clean and ready
for use the next day. He led her to the tent and handcuffed her to him, just in
case, and waited until she was asleep before allowing himself to fall asleep.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  destiny


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





