BDSM Library - Graduation Day




Graduation Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After putting in years of working at the University, Glenn finally graduates and gets to to do whatever he wants to a friend.
Graduation Day Part 1.

Well today was the big day.  Glenn was graduating and I was putting the final
touches to the graduation party arrangements.  Soon all was ready and I was
greeting people at the door.  George, Glenn's upstairs neighbor, had volunteered
his place for the party since it was bigger.  Glen arrived with George and soon
the party was in full swing.  It became very apparent very soon that I found
myself the only female in the room.  Now this didn't seem too surprising since
George was gay, but since it was GLENN's party, it also didn't seem right.

It was a typical college party.  This, of course, meant that there was too much
drinking and too little eating.  A lot of the guests were pairing up and soon I
was starting to get pretty uncomfortable.  Seeking out George, I made my excuses
and headed down to Glenn's apartment.  George had assured me that he would tell
Glenn his present was waiting for him in his apartment.  He chuckled since he
knew that I was Glenn's present.  It was a promise I had made years ago and
thought Glenn had forgotten.  I had told him that he could do what he wanted
with me for a graduation present.  This promise was made during an all night
telephone call where Glenn confessed that he wasn't sure he could finish getting
his degree.  He said it would give him incentive. 

As I lay naked on Glenn's king size bed, I found myself starting to doze.  What
was keeping Glenn so long?  It was also about this time that I heard the door
open.  I kept my eyes closed to try and add some excitement.  Soon I felt the
sides of the bed give in a bit and a feather boa was being trailed down my naked
body.  I gasped as the sensation of the boa made my nipples immediately go rock
hard and the rest of my body reacted to the teasing. "Shh." I heard Glenn's
familiar voice say.  "Raise your head up a bit."  Wondering what this was all
about, I did as asked.  After all I had promised.

Much to my surprise, I found that Glenn had taken some silk material and used it
as a blindfold. I was about to protest when I heard, once again.  "Shhh.  You
did say I could do what I wanted, didn't you?  You trust me don't you?" 
"Ah...sure...I guess", I stammered.  He could hear the tremor in my voice and it
was apparent that I was no longer in control of the situation.  "Here, stand
up."  Glenn continued.  "Hold out your hands."  I obeyed, guessing what was
going to happen next.  I felt something cold go around my wrists and soon heard
a "click".  He had used handcuffs.  I tried to say something about that, but
when I opened my mouth, Glenn shoved a ball gag into my mouth.  Where had he
gotten this stuff?  I'd been at Glenn's apartment lots of times but had never
seen any of this stuff.  Now I couldn't say anything, see anything or move my
arms.

As I was contemplating what would happen next, I heard a cough from behind me. 
I jerked my head around, but forgot that I couldn't see anything.  My head was
jerked back roughly when Glenn caught my hair and said, "NO!  Whomever is back
there isn't your concern.  YOU pay attention to me."  I had never heard that
tone of voice with him before.  Usually he wasn't so dominant and I had to admit
t was kinda nice.  "There will be punishments and rewards tonight.  If you do as
I say, you will be rewarded.  If you don't, you will be punished.  Is that
clear?"  What else could I do?  I was in the middle of a room, tied up and
naked.  I really wasn't in a position to argue.  Glenn let loose of my hair long
enough for me to nod.  "Good.  Now my guest and I wish to have a light snack and
you are going to be the table.  Lay down."  I laid down on the carpet and soon
could feel food being put on my stomach.  'Care for any fruit George?"  GEORGE? 
My stomach contracted when I heard his name.  The knowledge of who the other
person was caused me to contract my stomach muscles and I could feel liquid
spill over my body.

"Now see what you've done?"  Glenn firmly admonished.  "We can't eat off a dirty
table.  We'll have to clean it up."  The next thing I knew, I felt two tongues
starting to lick up the spilt liquid.  "Hey Glenn.   Your table is wobbly." 
George chuckled at his own joke about my inability to lie still during the
tonguing.  "Here George, maybe this will help."  Without any more warning, I
felt something being shoved up my cunt.  A small cry escaped and Glenn gave a
malicious chuckle.  "No George.  You have to screw in the table legs."  "This
better Glenn?"

Oh the sweet torture of it.  The table leg which had been jerked back out only
to be "screwed" back in had been a dildo.  It felt enormous and I couldn't even
guess at its diameter.  It had stretched me out going in and there had been some
pain during the removal.  Then it had begun again as the screwing motion caused
it to turn against my inner walls.

"Nope, it still seems to be uneven.  Maybe we had better turn it over and see if
something else should be done."  I was picked up in one swoop (had to have been
George, because Glenn couldn't have done it) and draped over the back of Glenn's
couch.  I could recognize the feel of the brocade so, at least, had an idea
which was up.  'Ok Glenn, I'll hold the table steady and you see about that
other leg."  The next thing I knew my hair was being pulled back and another
dildo was being inserted into my ass.  "George, got a free hand?  I can't see. 
Open up the drapes some so we get some light in here.  It's dangerous to be
doing repairs without light you know."

~Light?  Oh God, No.~  Glenn's apartment was in the sunken (lower) level, and
his couch faced a big double window at street level.  Anybody who walked by had
a chance to see right in.  If they parked their cars in front of his apa5rtment
they had an even better view. 

My mute plead went unheard though as I heard the drapes being pulled open just
enough to let light shine on my face.  "That better Glenn?"  "Yep, it should do
the trick."

I felt a hand in the small of my back to hold me in place while the two men took
turns "screwing" in the table legs.  Soon my whole body started to shake in a
pre-orgasmic spasm.  Immediately the two fake cocks were yanked out.  Glenn's
voice spoke in my ear.  "I told you.  You would be punished if you didn't do
what we asked.  Did we ask you to spill the wine?  Did we give you permission to
come yet?  NO!!!  I couldn't help it; my butt was trying to keep hold of the
smaller dildo but to no avail.  They let the dildos come out and teased my body
with them.  First trailing up and down my legs, then around my clit.   Touching,
but retreating at the fist sign that I wanted more.  The trail led the "legs" to
my nose where I was ordered to sniff them.  They disappeared again.

"Hey Glenn, maybe you need some glue to keep the legs in?  What do you think?" 
"Hmmm, maybe George.  Do you have any?"  I could hear the laughter in their
voices as the dialogue continued.  Soon I heard the zip of pants falling and
heard "Ah, found it.  Let me apply some to this leg and see if it will hold
more."  George had, indeed, found his glue.  With his cock fully engorged and
ready for action, he plunged into my wet pussy and started to fuck me like there
was no tomorrow.   His big hands had to have been on the window sill since I
heard the window pane creak every once in awhile.  This position didn't appease
him though.  Soon he withdrew and asked Glenn's help to move the couch.  They
pulled it out a bit and I was thrust down towards the floor at an angle.   With
the blood draining to my head, George's cock setting up a hard punishing rhythm,
I felt Glenn's dildo re emerge in my ass.  First George, then Glenn, then
George.  The rotation was endless.  The only sounds in the apartment were all
three of us breathing heavily and grunts from George.  Soon he made a final
plunge and came within me.  "Quick George, here's your leg.  Stuff it in to see
if it will hold."  A quick impersonal withdrawal and once again the massive
dildo was inserted.  This time it didn't hurt though.  As big as this one had
felt earlier, after George's pounding, there was plenty of room. 

"Hmm, I think it will hold, but I'd better hold it in place for a bit.  Try
yours Glenn".  Glenn re positioned me so that his cock would slam into my ass. 
Soon I could feel George chuckle at how red by face was.  He was making little
comments about how good this glue was.  Maybe it will hold all evening.   It
just spurred Glenn on even faster.  I felt his heavy balls slamming into me. 
Heard his quickened breathing and felt his release deep in my ass.  Then
nothing.  He pulled out and quickly inserted his leg.  "Yep, I think this might
work.  After the glue dries we'll need to wash down the table.  It will hold
better." 




Graduation Day Part 2.

I wanted my release also but they kept stopping right before I could cum.  My
whole body was on flames, not knowing when it could finally rest.  It was
torture, but sweet torture.  I had never explored this side of me before, and I
was thinking I might like it.

"Well, Glen, do you think it's dry yet?"

"I don't think so, but it's starting to get dark in here.  I think we need to
light a candle.  Hey, why don't we watch a porno while we wait for it to dry? 
Here's one.  "Junkyard Dykes." A friend of mine said it was kinda hilarious but
made good use of tools.  Pop it in George and I'll light a candle."

Soon I felt something being put on my ass and heard the sound of a match.  Glenn
leaned in towards me and once again reminded me if I ever wanted to get off, I'd
better do exactly as they said.  I whimpered but otherwise kept quiet.  Then I
felt it. The drip of wax on my ass cheek.  Glenn had dropped some wax to act as
a holder for the candle.  Soon he had enough wax to hold up the candle so he
could anchor it.  I could feel the wax first burning then solidifying.  I could
also feel the heat from the flame.  That HAD to have been a short candle.  When
will they put it out?  How long can it "safely" burn?  My thighs were trembling
by now and my whole body was tense.  I didn't want the candle to spill and burn
me (or cause a fire in the apartment).  Then I heard the movie.  I was the one
who told Glenn about this movie.  It wasn't my normal type of movie, but it
intrigued me.  The junkyard owner was a woman who turned her power tools into
toys for her and her employees.  The power drill had been converted into a power
driven dildo, the chains hooked up to, not cars, but people, etc.  Glenn knew I
would hear and could also follow the story line since I had already seen it.  I
could hear the moans, the gasps, and the slutty words that the movie provided as
a backdrop.  I could hear Glenn and George discuss various parts and even back
up to watch a part or two over again.

 All I could do was listen, wait, and hope I wouldn't come.  When I came, I knew
it wouldn't be a quiet release.  My legs were already burning from the effort to
hold back.  I had to clench my ass because by now the candle had started to drip
onto my abused flesh.  Each drip caused a brief moment of pain and then quickly
subsided soon to be followed by another drip.  The movie had ended, but not
before I heard Glenn and George get off.  How can they have anything left?  When
is it my turn?  How much more do I have to suffer?

Soon the guys came over by my side again.

"Hmmm.  Doesn't this look a little dry?  I think we need to wax it before we
clean it up."  Glenn?  George?  In my heightened state, I was never sure which
one spoke.  I heard the tone, I heard the voice so I knew where they were, but
the voices became indistinguishable.

"Maybe.  I have some wax close by!"  They both laughed at their ingenuity and
soon I felt the candle being lifted.  Finally.  I was worrying that it would
burn down and I'd get burned. They had, of course, other plans.  They picked up
the candle and as one moved the candle around my body, the other would rub it
into my skin.  There wasn't any part of my skin that seemed to be safe. They
started at my neck and first laid down a trail of wax down my spine.  They must
have changed candles because this one burned hotter.  Drip by drip, they
continued this torture.  Then they came to my ass.  I could feel somebody's
finger inserted into my ass.  It might have felt good if it had been lubricated,
but not this time.  The finger intruded and started to twist and turn trying to
wide the hole.  Soon another finger was inserted and I felt myself being
stretched to the limits.  I tried to cry out, but the ball gag was still in
place.  I tried to move away from the offending fingers, but I was firmly held
in place.  The fingers started to separate into a "v" and I bucked.  I couldn't
help it.  My ass wasn't used to this treatment.  I wanted the fingers out.  But,
once again, I was reminded that what I wanted didn't matter tonight.  Yes, the
fingers were removed but only to be soon replaced with the candle.  Not slowly,
like it should have been, but all in one swoop.  I suppose that they burned out
the flame, but I wasn't sure.  I felt the pain, I saw a blind light go off
inside my head and I must have blacked out.

When I came to, they were still at it.  This time, they were using the candle as
a dildo.  Someone must have gotten jealous or bored, because all of a sudden
somebody's hands were inside my cunt.  No pretending, not much gentleness, just
pure lust.  I must have moved because I heard "Ok, she's back with us".  Then
the SERIOUS fucking began.  The candle kept up a rhythm that the hand seemed to
match.  First a couple of fingers in my cunt, then before I knew it, a whole
first was in.  It's a good thing the ball gag was in, because I screamed.  I
know I did, I could hear myself.  But the only thing that came out was a squeak. 
"Oh man, look at this.  I'm inserted up past my wrist.  Unlock the cuffs, man, I
want some hand action."  "Ok, but here, keep up the candle."

I felt a moment of release as the handcuffs were removed and then the pain as
blood flowed back through my arms and hands.  "Come o bitch, put those hands to
good use."  I felt my hands being guided to a cock and knew it was George's. 
Soon Glenn picked up my other hand and put it on his cock. "Ok, here's the deal. 
You set the pace.  We'll allow you to come, but we'll only move the candle or
fist in your cunt when you move your hands on our cocks.  When we come, you can
come.  If you come before we do...."  He never did finish that sentence. He
didn't have too.  I didn't want to think what would be the punishment.

Soon I was pulling on their cocks trying to get them to bring me off.  When I
pulled hard, the fist was shoved into my cunt.  When I slowed down, they
stopped.  I couldn't stand it anymore.  I pulled on their cocks trying to set up
a rhythm.  Soon my hands were like pistons going up and down on their cocks. 
Faster and faster. I knew that I was close to coming, but I had to bring them
off first. They were hard but not ready yet.  Time to just work their heads. 
Maybe that would help.  Taking my hand, I worked my way up the shaft to just the
head.  Then I used my fingers to roll around the head, covering it up, pulling
on just the head, then down the shaft again.  !Yes, that's it.  Keep working it. 
Pull harder now.  Harder!  Let them feel the pain of what you are going
through.~  As I was fisting them, they were fisting me.  A vicious fist fest. 
All of our breathing was ragged, we were all close.  Then they finally came. 
Great big shooting spurts of cum that landed on my naked body.  I don't know
which covered me more, the wax that was earlier spread on me or their cum. 
Either way, I was covered in white!

We all stayed where we were for a couple of minutes.  My hands still on their
cocks, afraid to move them in case I choose wrong.  After they got their breaths
back, I felt two sets of lips give ma gentle kiss on the cheek and my ball gag
was removed.  "Thanks friend."  I heard Glenn whisper in my ear, "Not much more,
hand in there."  I moved my jaws but didn't make any sound.  I was afraid to
speak, to even nod.  This was as close to freedom as I had gotten all day.  I
was afraid to jeopardize it.

Glenn and George got up first.  Then they helped me to my feet.  I think we all
needed a break by then because they were very gentle with me.  I could hardly
move and each movement caused me pain.  Not a lot of it, but I knew that I would
be bruised and feel this for days to come.  I heard the shower turn on and hoped
(dare I hope?) that I would get cleaned off.  They helped me into the shower and
soon I was being soaped and lathered up.  It was my turn to be treated but even
then the threat had its drawback.  With the warm water running down my back, it
felt better but between the massaging hands and suds, my body was started to
respond again.

Can somebody die from sex?  I didn't know but figured I might be the first to
find out.  My cunt lips were enflamed yet and sore, my ass was so stretched out
I thought I'd be able to fit a horse up it and yeti was aroused.  My nipples
stood out, my breathing was starting to be affected and I'm sure, if we weren't
in the shower, they'd know that my juices were starting to flow.  Then I was
joined in the shower by a body.  I was told to use my body as the sponge and
clean the person.  I didn't need the blindfold off since sponges didn't have
eyes.

Soap was put into my hands and I started to soap up my hands.  Where was I to
hold the soap while I cleaned whomever?  They helped me with my dilemma. 
Somebody took the soap out of my hands (after they were soapy enough) and
inserted it into my cunt.  I should say my dry cunt, because that is what it
was.  Being in the water dried me out even though deep inside I was still moist. 
Soon I was soaping up the chest of George.  It had to be George because I knew
what Glenn felt like. Glenn wasn't this ripped. I took a great deal of pleasure
in fingering George.  I was like blind man learning Braille. There wasn't a
crevice I left unshaped.  With his hands on my shoulders, he forced me to the
floor of the shower and towards his manhood. I soaped it like I had the rest of
the body but before the water could wash it off; he pulled my head towards his
cock.  "I said I needed it cleaned, bitch>"  Taking a big sigh, I started once
again to administer a blowjob.  My jaw ached, my body ached, and I still had to
keep the soap inside my cunt.

My mouth worked its wonder all along his shaft.  This time however, I didn't
take any joy in giving a blowjob.  I just wanted to sleep.  I had reached my
limits earlier but they wouldn't let me.  I had to take his cock, which was
growing larger by the minute, into my mouth..soap and all.  Glenn thought he was
helping me (I think) when he brought me to my knees and inserted his cock into
my ass.  "Come on, you're almost done. Clean him off and then you can clean me
off...then rest."  I heard the words but they didn't register.  All I knew was
that Glenn acted as the piston for my blowjob to George.  Every time that Glenn
slammed into me, I was forced to take George's cock all the way into my throat. 
When he pulled back he took hold of my hips and George's cock withdrew from my
mouth.  I had to hold onto George so that I wouldn't fall down.  In and out, in
and out.  Each stroke causing pain until he finally came.  I swallowed by
instinct and collapsed onto the shower floor.  Glenn was soon coming in my mass. 
With a swift hard spank on my ass, Glenn got up and changed places with George. 
George helped me to my feet and took out the soap from my cunt.  "Here you go
bitch.  Do this right and you can rest."  I knew the routine by now.  It had
been played out time and time again tonight.  Almost without any conscious
thought on my part, my hands picked up the soap and start5ed in on Glenn's body. 
First the chest, then the hips, then insert my mouth over his dick.  I had
become an automaton.  When I had made my way to Glenn's cock,  George had
positioned himself over my abuse ass and inserted his fingers into my bruised
cunt.  George pulled out and Glenn's cock withdrew from my mouth.  George
slammed into me and his fingers and my mouth slammed forward.

Soon it became apparent that George couldn't use his cock and his hands to fuck
me and keep himself standing at the same time.  Reluctantly he took his hands
out of my cunt to steady himself better and slammed me even harder into Glenn. 
That's all it took for Glenn and George to come.  I was too sore to come and
just wanted to collapse.  I wasn't the only one.  Still leaving the shower on,
Glenn and George got out and all three of us made it to the bed.  All three of
us collapsed upon it and immediately fell into the sleep of the exhausted.

Sometime during the night George must have gotten up and went up to his
apartment.  When Glenn and I woke, Glenn made it to the shower to turn it off
and came back to bed.  I couldn't move and had to stay in his bed for 4 days
while my body healed. He took care of me and kept thanking him for the most
memorable graduation present (nay, the most memorable present ever) anybody had
given him.

I think he wants a repeat sometime, but next time I'll be better prepared. 
Maybe I should reverse the roles for my birthday a couple of months down the
road. I've heard that revenge can be sweet....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Baroness


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





