BDSM Library - The Homecoming




The Homecoming
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ellie swore she would never return home again, until her mother's death brings her back. It isn't long before she finds a number of very strange things about her former home town, and her sister seems involved in most of it. What can the secret be, and will Ellie survive investigating it?
The Homecoming

F/f, F+/f, slavery, BDSM, incest, mc, heavy, interracial,

Beneath her, the young girl was squirming and writhing. The headboard her hands
were bound to was banging against the wall. Danielle thought about giving her a
slap, but she enjoyed it more then they were still fighting it like this.

She threw her head back wildly, shaking back her long hair. The girl had really
learned how to lick pussy in the last few weeks. Of course, the beatings must
have helped. Danielle remembered what the girl has been like to start with -
just dreadful, crying and struggling and calling out for someone to help her.

She seemed to have accepted that by now, just as well, but it did mean the fun
was starting to go out of this. Perhaps Danielle would have to spice things up a
little. She could use the subliminal recordings, but they weren't supposed to be
for personal use...

The sound of the phone ringing disrupted her, and she turned to look at it
angrily. She was tempted not to answer it, and thrust herself down on her
writhing slave's face one more time, enjoying the squirming lapping at her
pussy.

But with another ring she hopped down from her mount and picked up the phone.
This could be important. It could be very important.

And if it wasn't, the she'd find the person responsible and see if they liked it
replacing the sobbing girl still tied to the bed.

Fortunately it was important.

"Miss Grenier," said the elegant, refined tones of her lawyer. "Your sister has
just arrived for her appointment."

Danielle swore silently. Just like Ellie, always getting in the way of her fun.
Still, it wasn't as if she didn't know this was coming. Almost time to make very
good use of it.

"All right. How long will you be?" It wasn't a secure line, hence the formality
on the other end. Danielle bet Stephanie didn't have a writhing girl tied up
just waiting to be abused.

But then knowing Stephanie...

"Not long. Half an hour or so, and then round to your house to view the video."

"Fine. I'll be ready." Danielle hung up and looked back at the sobbing girl on
the bed. Eighteen years old. Asian-American. Beautiful breasts, delicate
features, full of stamina, still just vulnerable enough to cry some times, naked
save for the hard iron chastity belt locked around her groin. She had been a
gift from her... business partners, for services rendered.

Half an hour, maybe thirty-five minutes. She could have a shower, get dressed
and look appropriately sombre for the video...

Or she could finish riding her little pet.

Fuck Ellie. Make the sanctimonious little bitch wait.

Danielle walked back towards the bed.

-----------

"Do you know why you're here?" asked the beautiful lawer.

Ellie was tired. She didn't travel well, and it had been a very long journey.
All those miles she had wanted to put between herself and this place had worked
against her now. It was just as far going back, but then she had never intended
on going back, had she?

"Just the letter you sent me." She shook her head. "I'm sorry, just a little...
jet lag. Something about a... will."

"Would you care for some coffee?"

"No, thank you."

The lawyer nodded. "Well, seeing as how you are tired, I'll get down to
business. My name is Stephanie Berlinger, and..."

"I'm sorry. You're the one who wrote to me?" Ellie had assumed she was a
paralegal or something.

"Why, yes? Were you expecting someone a little older perhaps?"

"Yes..." Stephanie looked no older than twenty-five, and very attractive. A
slightly Latino cast to her features, lustrously long dark hair, tanned skin.
Her clothing was a little skimpier than Ellie had seen from lawyers back in the
UK, but then it was certainly warmer here in Texas.

Texas. Just the place she had been trying to get away from.

Do this quickly, and get it over with.

She had a life in Britain. She had a boyfriend she liked, a job with prospects.
She had spent years putting this place behind her. She wouldn't have come back,
if not... Oh, to hell with it. Things were tight at the moment. She had just put
down a deposit on a new house, and the prospect of getting anything in her
mother's will, however unlikely that was, was worth exploring.

"I was just thinking of Mister Peterson," she asked. The kindly old man had been
one of her few pleasant memories of this place. He had encouraged her, which is
more than anyone else. He had given her mother a job here, and, so she had
heard, Danielle as well, for a while. She doubted that had lasted long. Danielle
and honest work did not seem to mix well.

"He retired a good few years ago."

"And the other partners?" Peterson, Willis and Greig had always been a fairly
small firm.

"Mister Willis died in a tragic accident, and Mister Greig moved to a new
position out-of-state."

"What about his daughter, Jean?" She had been one of Ellie's childhood friends,
at least for as long as she had been allowed friends. The last Ellie had heard,
she was working here.

"She disappeared. It was very... unusual. I'm afraid things have changed a lot
since you were here. We're really only keeping the name for tradition. Now, to
the point... You are aware of the recent death of your mother."

"Yes," Ellie replied. "It was in your letter." She hesitated. "I'm... sorry I
didn't arrive in time for the funeral."

"It wasn't easy for us to locate you. You did a very good job of hiding your
tracks."

She wasn't criticising, but it didn't seem worth the effort of correcting her.
"Um... how did... how did she die?"

"A long illness. It had been expected for some time. Your sister nursed her
through the final days." Ellie raised an eyebrow. She had never known Danielle
do anything selfless before. "Your mother left a video will, and she wanted you
to hear it before it was played. That's a little... unusual, but we have done as
she asked. We will be playing it at your house now, if you want to come over and
watch it."

"Yes..." she sighed. "Yes." Going home again. She hadn't been there for seven
years, not since she had been eighteen. She had left as soon as she could, going
to stay with her father's relatives in England. She had swore to herself she
would never come back.

And now she had.

"Yes, let's get this over with."

----------

The house hadn't changed from how she remembered it. Large, old, a haunted air
about it. Her family had been here for centuries, before there had even been a
Texas, back in the frontier days. They had been rich enough back east, and had
come here to get richer still.

Ellie knew the old history, how they had increased their wealth by fighting
Indians and later the Mexicans, and by selling those they captured into slavery.
Indians and Mexicans worked as well in the cotton fields as Africans did.
Danielle had told her all that, a gleam in her eye as she did so.

A servant was there to greet them as they entered, a young, pretty Latino girl.
She nodded her head lots, and spoke very quickly. She clearly recognised
Stephanie and addressed all her remarks to her.

Ellie looked up as her sister came down the stairs.

Danielle. Fifteen months, two weeks and four days older than Ellie, and she had
never let Ellie forget it. She had always been the beautiful one, and that
beauty had not faded in the last seven years. In fact, it had become more
pronounced. Long, full blonde hair. Soft, tanned skin. A figure such as men
would die for - enhanced, Ellie suspected, by a little cosmetic surgery, but
only a little.

The expression was still the same. Arrogant. Commanding. The queen of all she
surveyed. Danielle had mastered that look since she was five. Even then, she had
made it very plain to Ellie just how superior to her she was.

Everything Ellie wanted, Danielle took. Her toys, her books, her clothes, and
later, her friends and lovers. Ellie had given up protesting early, and had just
accepted it, preparing to leave as early as she could.

It wasn't that Ellie was unattractive herself, and some people might call her
Danielle's match, or even more so, but she had been a late bloomer, and by the
time she had truly developed, Danielle's looks were legendary. Ellie's own hair
was dark, tied back conservatively. Her figure was trim and athletic, her
breasts a nicely rounded B-cup, rather than the DDs Danielle now sported. Ellie
was 5'3", a good four inches shorter than her sister. Where Danielle was sultry
and seductive, Ellie was pretty and friendly. Where Danielle dressed to show off
her body, Ellie was more restrained. Where Danielle was tanned, Ellie was pale,
almost porcelain.

"So good of you to finally arrive," Danielle said, imperiously. "You missed our
mother's funeral, but I shouldn't have expected you to be here."

"Good to see you too," Ellie muttered. "Let's get this over with."

"Can't get to pick mother's bones, you mean? Everything's set up ready. Would
you care for a drink?"

Ellie was ready to say no, but she was thirsty, and so she nodded. She realised
she was shaking as she took a glass of fruit juice from the maid. There was a
strange expression on the young girl's face, a warning perhaps, or maybe pity?
Whatever it was, Ellie paid it no mind, and she drained the glass quickly. It
tasted good. Cool, refreshing. She asked for another, and the maid left to fetch
one.

It was with some shock that she found she was shaking. Coming back to this place
had upset her more than she had realised.

Oh well, watch the video, get whatever she had been left, and get out of here as
soon as possible.

She was still shaking as she had the second glass of juice.

----------

"She's very pretty," Stephanie noted, after the video had been seen.

"If you like that sort of thing," Danielle snorted. Her dislike for her sister
aside, she had to admit that Ellie was pretty. She had always looked more like
their father than mother, and she had just enough English features to attract
certain groups of people.

The video had not said anything unexpected - why would it, when the two of them,
with some other help, had arranged everything in it months ago? Danielle had
inherited the house of course, and most of the money. Elle had been left just
enough to keep her around for a while, not that she would ever get to spend any
of it.

"So, when is the coming out party going to be?"

"Tomorrow night. Maybe the night after."

"Taking your time."

"I want this one to be... special. Very special. I want her as well trained as
she can be."

Stephanie shrugged. "If you say so. I've told her that processing all the
paperwork and forms will take a couple of weeks. She'll not want to be leaving
any time soon."

Danielle smiled.

Both of them turned to look at her sister. Ellie was asleep on the couch,
looking peaceful and innocent, utterly lost to the world.

-----------

Ellie woke to find her muscles aching and her head pounding. She must have
fallen asleep on the couch. Oh, she felt terrible, a musty taste in her mouth.
No sooner had she gotten up, brushing her hair out of her eyes, then the servant
was there.

"What time is it?" she asked sleepily.

"Half past twelve, Mistress," said the girl.

"What?" Ellie looked around. There was a faint hint of sunlight coming through
the windows. "I slept all day? Wow, I must have been tired."

"Yes, Mistress."

Ellie looked at her. There was something strange in the girl's bearing. Granted,
Danielle had been something of a tyrant even when they were children, and
working for her could not be pleasant, but the girl looked terrified.

She was about to ask what was wrong, when Danielle entered the room, looking as
if she intended everyone to kneel when she did.

As it was, the servant did bow very low.

"Awake at last," Danielle sniffed. "Good of you to join us."

"Jet lag," Ellie replied, before reminding herself she did not have to explain
anything to her. She was not a child any more, and she had no intention of
staying here any longer than she had to.

"I see. Well, by all means, make yourself at home. I have some business to take
care of. Rita! Come with me!"

A look of complete terror crossed the girl's face, but she followed, bowing and
scraping all the way, trying to stammer out an apology. A sudden chill ran
through Ellie's body. The sooner she was out of here the better.

But she was stuck here for now, while Miss Berlinger prepared and filed all the
legal documents. It would take several days, maybe a week or two. Ellie had no
intention of spending all that time in this place. She planned to be as far away
from this house as possible.

A quick shower and change later, and she was heading out. Just being in that
place after so many years gave her the shivers.

Ths house may not have changed much, but the town of Fort Point had. Ellie
hadn't had much time to see it yesterday, and in her determination to be away
from the house, she would take time to see it.

Most of the places she had known as a child were gone, or changed. The diner was
under new management, the launderette had closed down, most of the shops were
different. There were very few people she recognised, and of those she did, no
one wanted to talk to her.

One thing that hadn't changed was the heat, and that was something she cursed
herself for forgetting about. It had been bearable enough yesterday, but with
all the walking around she was doing, she was soon dripping with sweat, her
clothes sticking to her terribly.

The last place she decided to visit was the Mexican area of town, about a third
of a mile away from anywhere else. When she had be here it had been a rundown
area called the Hollow. Her mother had not liked her coming here, but she had
anyway. There had been an elderly woman called Sancha who had been one of
Ellie's greatest friends.

The Hollow had changed as well, and not for the better. It had always been poor
and rundown, but there had been an element of community there. There were plenty
of people around, and most of them had been happy to talk to her.

Not now. Half the houses were boarded up, several more than collapsed or been
demolished. No one looked at her, and she actually saw one man pull his children
in from the streets as she walked past.

Things really had gotten bad here. The Hollow had never been prosperous, but
this...

She turned around to head back, and saw a sheriff's patrol car just parked on
the corner. An athletic young black woman got out and headed towards her.

A young black female sheriff? Well, that was another change, although more
positive than most Ellie had seen.

"You'd be Danielle's sister," the sheriff said. "I'd heard you were in town."

"Ah... yes. My name's Ellie."

"Cindy Daggett. Sheriff Cindy Daggett. You shouldn't be wandering around here.
It's not a very safe part of town."

"It used to be fine."

"Well, things have changed since you were last here."

"Yes, I can see. Tell me, there was a woman who lived around here. Her name was
Sancha Villarez. Do you know what...?"

"She died. Couple of years back."

"Oh, God... What happened? Was it an accident?"

"Her house burned down in the middle of the night. Some sort of dispute. Her
neighbour is doing twelve years for it. You'd better be heading back. I can give
you a lift."

"Yes," Ellie said cautiously, looking around. There was a strong atmosphere in
the air, a very uncomfortable feeling. She got into the back of the car, and the
sheriff closed the door. Oddly enough, the uncomfortable feeling intensified
with the closing of the door.

It was only when she got back to the house that she realised what it was she had
seen that felt so wrong.

There had been no young women in the Hollow. Old women, and children, but no
young women.

Not one.

-----------

Rita was trembling as she was admitted into Mistress Danielle's private attic
bedroom. She had never been here before. Mistress Danielle had her own private
servant whose job it was to clean these quarters. Rita had never seen that
servant, and she had a very good idea as to why.

She would have to be blind to not know what was happening here, but what could
she do about it? She had to obey, even if that meant drugging Mistress
Danielle's pretty young sister, and setting up the machinery.

She had no idea how it worked, but its results were clear enough.

"Close the door," Mistress Danielle ordered, and Rita obeyed.

Why had she been called up here? Did Mistress Danielle know? How could she? But
what if she did...? Rita tried to stop herself shaking, but it was just too
difficult. She had never known anyone with as much power as the arrogant, blond
woman.

She shouldn't have done it. She had been terrified, but she had gone ahead and
done it anyway. There was just enough time, if she was quick and careful, and
this opportunity would not come around again.

What if Mistress Danielle knew?

"You've been with me for several months now, haven't you?"

"Six, Mistress."

"And how old are you? Nineteen?"

"Eighteen, Mistress."

"Ah, yes. Your sister was here before you, wasn't she? I remember her. She
proved to be... disloyal, not to mention disappointing."

Rita went cold all over.

"You won't disappoint me, will you?"

"No, Mistress."

"Good. Everything was set up properly with my sister, wasn't it?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Because I checked the equipment myself, and it seemed to be on too low a
setting."

"I'm... sorry, Mistress."

Mistress Danielle gave her a patronising smile. "It's all right. You can't help
being stupid. I fixed it, set it up higher, in fact. Everything should be ready
for the first testing tomorrow night."

"Yes, Mistress."

"I'll fix the machinery for tonight myself. I wouldn't want any more...
mistakes. You might be wondering why I called you here."

"Yes, Mistress."

"I wanted to show you something, what happens to those who upset me. Let me show
you..."

She went over to a cupboard that was strangely, bolted from this side. She
opened it.

Rita almost cried out at the sight of what was inside.

There was a young, Asian woman, clearly no older than twenty. The look on her
face was one of absolute agony. The only reason she wasn't screaming was the
thick, barbed gag that filled her small mouth, but her eyes told the pain she
must be in.

Sharp, tight clamps were fixed to her nipples, long wire running from them,
hooked to the ceiling. Her legs were bound together with tight wire, cutting
deep into her golden skin, and she was balancing on her tiptoes, her leg muscles
shaking with the effort. Similar wire held her arms behind her back. Rita could
just make out the sign of a vibrator buried deep inside her body, and there was
the smell of intense arousal, thick liquid running down the inside of her
thighs.

Rita wanted to scream, to sob, to shake at the thought of something so horrific
happening to her. It took all her willpower to resist the urge to run. Soon,
soon she would be able to escape. She stumbled back, and was about to collapse
onto the bed.

"I didn't give you permission to sit down," warned Mistress Danielle sternly.
Rita remained standing.

"Now, I want you to watch this..."

Rita did not scream once over the next hour. It took all her effort to not do
so. The Asian woman did, and the sound chilled Rita to the very bone.

-----------

Ellie returned to the house to find a room set aside for her, although the young
Latino girl was not around. The best she could find out was that she was busy
elsewhere.

As Ellie began to pack up her clothes, she found a strange note hidden
underneath her pillow. It read:

Tomorrow night. Seven. Just outside the Hollow. Important.

-----------

Danielle waited until she was sure her sister was fast asleep. She would be. The
drug was very strong, and totally reliable. It had never failed. Ellie would be
asleep for at least fourteen hours, if not longer.

Danielle folded her arms under her full breasts as she looked down at the
moaning body of her sister. Ellie had kicked the blankets away in her dreams,
and her T-shirt had rolled up her body, revealing her toned, pale belly. Well,
Ellie certainly hadn't been doing much sunbathing in England. Fair enough, a lot
of her customers liked pale-skinned beauties.

The headphone plugs were securely fitted inside Ellie's ears. The feed was
perfect, the batteries new, no problems whatsoever with any part of the
machinery. Danielle had used them before on unwilling guests, but nothing had
been this important.

For years, Danielle had wanted Ellie like this. Years. When Ellie had run off to
England, she thought that was the end of it, but Danielle had always been
patient. That was how she had gotten so rich and so influential. She knew her
day would come. When their mother died, finally succumbing to that poison,
Danielle knew it had at last.

Little Ellie. Always their father's favourite. Their mother's as well. Plain and
simple and with no ambition. Dear, little Ellie.

Danielle smiled as Ellie moaned loudly. This last session should be enough. The
dosage and strength had been double what Danelle had given to even the most
strong-willed person. This would have to be perfect.

Ellie's body arched as she moaned again, her breasts pushing up against the
faded fabric of her T-shirt.

And it would be perfect. Just as she had imagined for all these years.

------------

For the second day in a row, Ellie woke up late, feeling groggy and tired. It
took a long time to find her watch and find the time. Gone four in the
afternoon. She should have gotten up and done something, but instead she sank
back into her bed.

She must have been dreaming all night. She couldn't think of any other reason
why she would be sleeping for so long and still be so tired. Not surprising,
given her return here. The sooner she was gone, the better. Back in the UK, she
had never had any problem sleeping. Seven and a half hours each night, and she
was up at dawn, ready to act.

The next few hours passed lazily in bed. Every so often, Ellie thought about
getting up, but she just could not find the energy. This was so unlike her. It
was the thought of that mysterious note that finally galvanised her into action.
Something felt very wrong about all of this, and if that note offered some
information, then she would have to take it.

The shower did a lot to wake her up, and she dressed quickly. Remembering how
hot it had been yesterday, she decided to dress a little skimpier today. As much
as she disliked Danielle's habit of flaunting her body, Ellie had to admit that
style of clothing was more practical in this sort of climate. She settled on an
open white blouse and the shortest skirt she had with her, which still went down
to just above her knees. For footwear she picked her shin-high black boots,
comfortable to walk in, and protective against snake bites.

Strangely, she didn't feel that hungry, but she decided on something to eat
before she went out anyway. Going to the kitchen, she found a servant there. At
first, she thought it was Rita, but then she realised it was someone else.
Another young, pretty, Latino girl.

Maybe that was where all the young women from the Hollow were - working here.
Ellie smiled, although that joke did little to remove the mystery around the
town where she had grown up.

"Where's Rita?" she asked.

The girl looked terrified, and stared around frantically. "Busy, Mistress," she
said, in very heavily accented English. She did not seem to understand any of
the rest of Ellie's questions, but she fixed a meal quickly enough.

With that, and a cup of coffee, Ellie was feeling much better as she set off to
her mysterious rendez-vous.

----------

She was reconsidering the wisdom of this after waiting there for almost twenty
minutes. It was cooler than it had been yesterday, but it was still hot, and she
was beginning to wonder if the whole thing was just some joke. Some trick of
Danielle's, perhaps. Except that this didn't match Danielle's sense of humour,
which was much crueller than this.

There was something wrong here - Ellie could feel it. There was just an
atmosphere about the whole town, and especially in the house. All the servants
she had seen there were terrified out of their wits, and all of them were pretty
young women. The Hollow was practically deserted, so much had changed...

And hadn't that creep lawyer said something about Jean Greig disappearing. Ellie
had a feeling that wasn't the only disappearance.

Maybe she should just leave. Abandon this place, forget about her inheritance,
just get out of here.

"Miss Grenier," said a Mexican accent, and she turned. A man was approaching.

"Yes, and you are?"

"No names. My life is at risk here."

"What?" Okay, something weird was going on here, but this wasn't some spy
serial. "Fine... what did you want to talk to me about?"

"What is happening here. What your sister and her allies are doing."

That settled it. Ellie had to stay here and listen. "Go on..."

"Slavery, Miss Grenier. Your sister is running a slave ring. The young women of
this village are disappearing, being sold abroad, as slaves."

Ellie didn't want to believe this, but there was something in the man's voice.
He was sincere in what he was saying, and, as absurd as it sounded, it did
explain the lack of young women in the Hollow.

"And not just the people here. Travellers, tourists, the homeless, they are all
being abducted. Your sister has become rich off the backs of slavery."

Just as their family had, two centuries ago. Ellie remembered that glint in
Danielle's eye whenever she had spoken of their family's past.

"Surely someone must have tried to do something, tell the sheriff, the FBI,
someone?"

"Oh, we tried, Miss Grenier, but who to tell? Our sheriff is involved. Your
sister had her elected, and she is as deeply involved in this as anyone. Still,
we tried. My aunt went to a friend, and told her what was happening. Things were
more secretive then. We hoped there would be justice..."

"And? What happened?"

"My aunt's home was burned down, and she was killed. Her friend was sold into
slavery as well. She was rich and white and influential, and we thought your
sister would not dare do anything to her, but she did. Her friend is now working
as a whore in Japan, or Columbia or Mexico."

A chill ran through Ellie's body. "Your aunt was Sancha Villarez?"

"Yes."

"And her friend... she was Jean Greig?"

"Yes."

Ellie felt sick. She had always known Danielle was ruthless and ambitious, not
to mention cruel, but this... Involvement in murder, in slavery. Danielle had
had Sancha killed, and Jean... sold. Jean had been one of Ellie's few true
friends. To think of her trapped into being a prostitute somewhere...

"Why... why are you telling me?"

"Who else can we tell? Your FBI will not believe one such as me, not with the
sheriff and your sister, and her lawyer all speaking against me. And then, I
will die, and my remaining daughter will be a slave herself, like her two
sisters. But you, you are white, and rich. You, they may listen to."

"Your daughter's Rita?"

"Yes. I worry for her, daily, to think that any day now she may be sold away,
reduced to a whore for the sake of a few dollar's profit. She risked enough by
leaving that note for you. My ancestors came here to be free, and now my
children are slaves again. You must do something."

"I..." Ellie was reeling, her head spinning. "Yes. I'll do what I can."

"Good. You are our last hope, Miss Grenier. You are the last hope for all of
us."

With that, he turned and left, abandoning Ellie to her thoughts, and her fears
of what was to come.

----------

By the time she returned to the house, Ellie's thoughts had crystallised.
Everything Rita's father had said to her made sense. It was outlandish, but it
did make sense, given all she had observed.

Just thinking about Jean being sold into slavery, of Sancha dying in a fire...

She would confront Danielle about this. Sister or not, what Danielle had done
was monstrous. Ellie would confront her, and contact the FBI and bust this all
open. Maybe, maybe they might be able to find where Jean had ben sold to, and
get her back.

Not that that would help Sancha, of course.

The house lights were switched off when she returned, which on any other day she
would notice as odd. Danielle was often up late, and if she wasn't, the servants
would be. Entering, she noticed that the lights in the grand hall were on.

Gritting her teeth, Ellie stormed into the room, slamming the door open and
striding in. She could not believe this... To thionk her own sister would be
capable of such...

She stopped, surprised.

Danielle was there, reclining on a long sofa, a knowing smile on her face. Also
present were Stephanie Berlinger, Sheriff Cindy Daggett and a middle-aged
Oriental woman Ellie did not know. All of them seemed to be expecting her.

And all of them were dressed...

The Oriental woman was dressed the most plainly of the four. She wore a short,
low-cut dress of black latex, and simple, high-heeled shoes on stocking'd feet.
She seemed to be in her mid-thirties at least, maybe slightly older. In her
hands she was flexing a riding crop, and when she looked at Ellie it was with an
uncomfortable air of... appraisal.

The sheriff was wearing garments of the same material - jet black, with a shiny
gleam to them. They were little more than underwear, one piece forming an
exceptionably low cut bra, the other a very short skirt. From the way she was
sitting, it was very obvious she was wearing nothing beneath the skirt. Her
boots came all the way up to her thighs, and were of the same material.

Stephanie was wearing very similar boots, and very little else. There was a
combination of leather straps, framing her full breasts, criss-crossing her
belly, and running around her waist. Her face was immaculately made-up, and she
gave Ellie a sweet smile with her full, senuous, richly painted lips.

Danielle was the only one not dressed in latex. She wore a rich blue corset, cut
below her breasts, pushing her already voluptuous cleavage up and out. Her
nipples were sharp and pink. The corset ended just above her waist, and she was
wearing nothing below, revealing her shaven pussy. Her boots came up to just
below her knees, and had very high heels, adding a good six inches to Danielle's
already tall frame. Her hair was piled up on top of her head, and she was made
up as if going to a social ball.

"Danielle," Ellie began. "What is the...?"

"Oh, be quiet," she said, playfully. "Do what I say, Eleanor dear."

Ellie was about to say something, especially that no one had called her by that
name in years, but she couldn't. She couln't open her mouth, couldn't make a
sound.

Danielle smiled. "Take your clothes off."

What was that about? Ellie was still struggling to be able to speak when her
hands began to undo the buttons of her blouse. She tried to stop, but she
couldn't. She could just stare at these four women watching her undress.

Her blouse fell, revealing her plain white bra and, to her horror, she did not
stop there. She undid her bra and dropped it casually to the floor, revealing
her breasts to these women.

"Keep going," Danielle said.

And she did. (What was happening to her?) She unbuckled her skirt, and stepped
out of it.

(This was crazy, crazy.)

She slid her panties down her legs and stepped out of them.

(Why couldn't she stop?)

She began to remove her boots, when Danielle stopped her. "Leave them, Eleanor.
I like the look of them."

Ellie stopped, her hands by her side, straining to move, struggling against some
wall in her mind that would not let her do anything, that had forced her to
remain silent as she stripped naked.

"Well girls," Danielle said. "What do you think?"

"Yum," purred Stephanie, picking up a glass of red wine and sipping at it, not
taking her eyes from Ellie's own.

"Very marketable," said the Oriental woman approvingly. "She will have to be
tested, of course, but from appearances, she will be very easy to sell. Japanese
men and women prefer smaller built women, not your large-breasted cows."

"Really?" said Danielle, leaning forward and folding her arms to increase the
size of her own massive cleavage. "How about that, sister? You've finally found
a group of men that might find you attractive. I bet you wish you'd known that
several years ago."

Ellie still couldn't talk. A bead of sweat began to trickle down her cheek.

"You're no doubt wondering why you're standing there like a mannequin in a
window? Subliminal coding. A combination of drugs and dream-inducement
technology. Very expensive, and not worth doing for every piece of merchandise,
but in your case, sister dear, I felt the expense was justified."

She paused.

"Say, 'I'm a worthless fuck whore,' Eleanor dear."

"I'm a worthless fuck whore," she said automatically. The instant the words left
her mouth, she had no idea why she had said them.

(Oh God, this couldn't be true. Brainwashing? Oh, God, no.)

"Oh, I forget something. You are to address all of us as 'Mistress', or
'Mistress Danielle', 'Mistress Stephanie', 'Mistress Cindy'. The woman you don't
recognise is Madame Chen. She represents an organisation that run most of the
very expensive brothels and dancing clubs in Japan, Hong Kong, Thailand, and so
on. She'll be appraising you. It's in your best interests to make her happy,
sister. If you do, you might find yourself some rich businessman's little
geisha. If you don't then you might end up sucking cocks in a filthy bar in
Columbia. Do you understand, Eleanor?"

Instantly, she replied. "Yes, Mistress Danielle."

Danielle turned to the others. "You see. Perfect. Training isn't complete, of
course, and there will be a lot more mundane - not to mention enjoyable -
aspects of her training before she can be sold, but there's no doubt, that
technology is wonderful. Well worth every cent I paid to the Russian Mafia."

Ellie was standing there, absolutely still, as the four women ran their eyes
lasciviously over her naked body. She had never been naked before a woman
before, and she had never been sexually aroused by women either. She had a
boyfriend!

(This can't be happening. This can't be happening.)

"So you see, it's really in your best interests to put on a good show here
tonight. With that in mind... we had some preparations made. You see that pole
over there, Eleanor?"

She turned. Yes, there was a long metal pole fixed to both floor and ceiling,
about an inch and a half in radius.

"Yes, Mistress Danielle," she intoned helplessly.

"Go over to it and dance. Show us how you move that body of yours."

Ellie started to make her way over there. She had gone three steps before she
realised the compulsion was gone. She was free! She turned back. Their drugs had
worn off, or something had gone wrong. She could...

"Do as I said, Eleanor!" Danielle snapped.

Instantly, she turned back to the pole. There were tears in her eyes by the time
she got there.

"Wait a moment, Eleanor." Ellie stopped. Danielle picked up something from
beside the couch she was sitting at, and began walking over to the helpless
girl. "No servants tonight. This is a private performance, and besides, Rita has
been a very bad girl. She confessed everything."

"She was very predictible," Stephanie noted.

"So were you," added Cindy.

Danielle stopped directly in front of the stock still Ellie. In her high heels
she was much taller than the trembling girl, and so she looked down into Ellie's
eyes.

"Ask me what we are going to do with you, Eleanor."

"What are you going to do with me, Mistress?"

Danielle smiled. "I'm glad you asked." She held up the object she was carrying -
a metal collar. In one smooth motion, she clipped it around Ellie's neck. A
shudder went through the girl's body when she heard the metal click together.

A slave trade. Sold abroad. Slaves. Sold. Owned. Collar.

Danielle was her sister. However cruel and evil she had become, she wouldn't
sell her own sister into slavery.

Would she?

Would she?

Danielle sat back down, lounging as if watching a film on television. Not taking
her eyes from Ellie's, she said; "We're going to fuck you. We're going to
humiliate you, beat you, rape you, make you scream and cry and make you tell us
all what a slut you are. Then, when we're done with you, and when you've been
properly trained so that you don't need the drugs and the treatment to be a
little fuck whore, then we'll sell you."

Tears rose in the helpless girl's eyes, at hearing her fate so cruelly and
matter-of-factly pronounced.

"Now, Eleanor, dance, girl. Dance!"

Horrifyingly, helplessly, unable to stop herself, she obeyed, twisting and
gyrating and flaunting herself to these women. She whirled around the pole,
caressing it, wrapping her body around it. Compelled by this force, she became
something different - a sleazy lap dancer, showing her body of for the salacious
pleasure of others.

But the worst part was, that she knew what she was doing. She knew - and she
could not stop herself. She watched these four women watching her, and she was
helpless to do anything about it.

We're going to fuck you.

She bent her body back, her breasts rising up into the air, one leg hooked
around the pole.

We're going to humiliate you...

She shook her hair out of her eyes and slid down to her knees.

beat you...

She rose up high on her knees, twining her arms behind the pole.

rape you...

She thrust her groin up into the air...

make you scream...

and again...

and cry...

and again.

and make you tell us all what a slut you are.

She slid up slowly, spreading her feet backwards around the pole, as if they
were chained together there. Clinging to the pole, she writhed slowly, in a
parody of sexual heat.

Then, when we're done with you...

(What was she doing? How did she know all these things? She had never been a
dancer, never known even how to dance properly, let alone like this.)

then we'll sell you.

She was panting rhythmically now, her body exhausted by her efforts, even for
the few minutes she had been dancing. Her muscles were trembling, and breathing
was becoming difficult. She was not in the best of shape. She wanted to rest.

But she couldn't. However much she wanted to stop, she could not, not without
permission. She continued dancing, flaunting and displaying herself.

She had always had such contempt for lap dancers and prostitutes and strippers.
She felt they betrayed women by flaunting themselves for the pleasures of men,
by pandering to the sordid lusts of others. She had never even worn sexy
lingerie for her boyfriend, never put on a show for him, never agreed to
anything kinky in bed. To do any of those things would make her no better than a
slut.

And now she had been turned into one. Unable to control herself, forced to obey
the obscene whims of her sister.

She remembered doubting earlier, just how evil Danielle had become. There was no
doubt any longer. Danielle was evil, a monster.

And it was too late to do anything about it.

She gripped the pole, pulling herself up it, rubbing her groin against it. The
metal felt cold against her skin. Her arms began to tremble.

She tilted herself back, and her arms gave way with the exertion. She fell
backwards, her head striking the floor. For a moment, she was dizzy, bright
lights flashing before her vision.

Then, to her horror, she stood up awkwardly and continued to dance.

"That's enough, Eleanor," Danielle said. "Stop now. To your knees."

Weakly, Ellie sank down to a kneeling position.

"Hands on your thighs, Eleanor. Knees wider apart." She obeyed, gasping for
breath, trying to stem the flood of tears that rolled down her face. "Wider."
Again, she obeyed. "Wider." And again.

"Well," she heard Danielle say, "what do you think?"

Stephanie only made a purring sound, but it was Madame Chen who spoke first.
"She shows some talent, although her stamina is hopelessly lacking. The girls at
my clubs have to dance like that for hours on end."

"That we can work on," said Danielle. "Fitness training, more drugs to improve
her endurance, without sacrificing her femininity."

"She did dance well. More subliminal coding, I imagine?"

"You don't think she learned to do that by herself?" Danielle snorted. "No, that
was all the training. Her mind knew what to do, even if her body didn't. I'm
actually impressed myself. She almost looked hot out there."

Stephanie continued purring.

Danielle got up, and picked up something, walking over towards Ellie. The
sobbing girl looked up, to find her sister holding a camera.

"Just for the advertising, sister dear. Smile, Eleanor."

She did, forcing an expression of happiness on her face, despite the horrors she
had endured, despite her exhaustion.

Danielle took a picture, and then stepped back. "Not like that, Eleanor. A
fuck-me smile. A bimbo smile. Vacant and brainless."

She tried her best, continuing to force a smile as Danielle took pictures of her
in that submissive position, looking like a slave, looking like some slut.

"I think she looks better innocent and vulnerable," Madame Chen noted. "There
are plenty of bimbos available, but a girl who looks truly terrified sells
better, at least initially. The tears are a nice touch."

Danielle shrugged as she took back her seat. Stephanie was slowly sliding her
hand into her pussy, biting her lower lip coquetteishly, staring at Ellie
through half-lidded eyes. Cindy was simply glaring at the poor girl.

"You see, sister, we had something of a competition while you were out. Oh, we
knew you would return. Always so predictible, so righteous, that you would have
to come back and confront your slave trading sister, rather than, say, try and
leave town and get help."

"She wouldn't have gotten anywhere," snapped the sheriff. "We had roadblocks
everywhere."

"And while we were waiting," Danielle continued, as if she had not been
interrupted, "we did a small bit of gambling, working out which one of us would
get to, ah, test drive you first. All four of us will have our fun with you -
part of the privileges of being partners in this business. It's just a matter of
who goes first.

"Tell us how much you're looking forward to being raped, Eleanor."

"I am looking forward to being raped, Mistress," she said, tonelessly, her voice
plain, despite the sobs that racked her frame.

"Isn't that good to hear. Do you want to know who won, and who gets to go first?
You might consider this lucky. Stephanie... make her scream."

That sultry smile on her face, the lawyer stood up and walked slowly,
seductively towards the sobbing slave-in-training.

"One more thing, Eleanor," Danielle called out. "Before we start, you will obey
each of these women exactly as you would me. Whatever they order you to do,
Eleanor, you will obey. Tell me you understand."

"I understand, Mistress Danielle."

"Good." Danielle picked up the camera again. "Well, Stephanie, let the
entertainment begin." She paused. "Or continue, rather."

Ellie looked up as the nearly naked lawyer stood over her, running her gaze
slowly up and down. "You have a beautiful body," she whispered, huskily. "Thank
me for that."

"Thank you, Mistress Stephanie," she whispered.

"And to think I get to play with you first. Isn't that lucky of me? Stand up,
Eleanor."

She obeyed, standing still on shaky legs. Stephanie was taller than she was,
especially in her high-heeled boots. Stephanie idly caressed her own body,
chewing on her lower lips again.

"Tell me I'm sexy, Eleanor."

"You are sexy, Mistress Stephanie."

"Put more feeling into it."

"You are sexy, Mistress Stephanie."

Stephanie slapped her. It was not a hard blow, but it stung, and rocked the
crying young girl. Ellie simply stared at her through tear-filled eyes.

"Tell me that as if I'm the most sexy person you've ever seen. Tell me you love
me. Tell me you want me to touch you and fuck you. Tell me like you mean it,
Eleanor!"

Before that last word, Ellie was simply too scared, too terrified to say
anything, but then the trigger clicked in her mind, and she found the words
leaving her mouth, as she spoke with an unwilling passion.

"You are the sexiest person I've ever seen, Mistress," she panted. "I love you,
Mistress. I want you to touch me, Mistress." She was panting now. "I want you to
fuck me, Mistress!" she wailed.

The lawyer stepped forward and grabbed her, pressing Ellie's body close to her
own, trapping her mouth in a passionate and furious kiss. Ellie felt Stephanie's
breasts press hard against hers, and the studs on her leather straps poke into
her soft skin. She did not respond to the fury of Stephanie's kiss. She could
not.

She had never kissed a woman before, never wanted to kiss a woman before.

She was going to be raped.

Oh, God, no...

It was Stephanie who broke the kiss, panting softly. Her hands in Elie's hair,
she guided the helpless young woman's head down to her breasts. "Kiss me," she
ordered.

Ellie obeyed, kissing the lawyer's breasts, licking up the rivulets of sweat,
sucking the dark nipples. The sweat on Stephanie's body mingled with her own
tears, and she licked it all obediently, helpless to defy her commanding
Mistress.

Stephanie suddenly and furiously pushed her away. Ellie fell backwards, down to
the ground. The lawyer, her ample chest heaving, stood above her.

She then stepped forward, grabbing a handful of Ellie's long, dark hair, forcing
her head upwards. Ellie closed her eyes as she was forced next to Stephanie's
groin.

"Lick me!" she cried. Ellie hesitated. "Lick me, Eleanor!"

She opened her mouth and extended her tongue, brushing it tentatively against
Stephanie's pussy lips. It was the first time she had ever done such, and she
was unprepared for how hot and wet it was. The smell of arousal was intense.

Ellie's tongue found the lawyer's clit, hard and rigid. No sooner had she
brushed it lightly, than Stephanie came out with new commands.

"Suck my clit," she moaned. "Harder. Do you hear me, Eleanor? Harder!"

Ellie licked and sucked at the hard nub, precisely as ordered. Stephanie's
arousal became stronger and thicker, and Ellie's head began to swim with the
strange sensation.

She was going to be raped.

There were three more women after this, and one of them was her sister. The
other three would be worse.

She would be sold as a slave.

Oh, God, no!

"Oh, yes!" Stephanie moaned. "Harder, slut! More! Oh, yes! Yes!"

Her hands curled in Ellie's hair, pulling sharply at it. Had her mouth been
free, the kneeling woman would have cried out in pain.

"Yes!" Stephanie yelled. "Yes! Yes! Oh, God, YES!"

With a shudder, she stepped back, and pushed Ellie away. For a long time, the
two of them simply stayed where they were: the beautiful and sexy lawyer
standing there, panting for breath, signs of her arousal still trickling down
her thighs; and the lovely and helpless slave girl, kneeling, sobbing, the taste
of her ordeal still in her mouth.

"Sounds like she was good," observed Danielle dryly.

"Okay," panted the lawyer. She smiled. "She'll be better with training."

"Something for us to work on, then."

Stephanie took her seat back on the couch, flopping down, exhausted. She did not
protest when Cindy began toying with her protruding nipples.

Madame Chen rose, flexing her riding crop, and she made her way, slowly,
inexorably, towards Ellie. Hanging from her belt, where Ellie had not been able
to notice before, was a pair of handcuffs.

The stern-faced Oriental woman lashed up at the ceiling with her riding crop,
and a length of chain fell down from the ceiling where it had been coiled.
Without a word, Madame Chen grabbed Ellie's wrists and pulled them up, clicking
one shackle around her wrist, looping the handcuffs around the chain, and
securing her other hand.

She manipulated the length of the chain slightly, leaving it eventually in a
position where Ellie was squatting, her knees spread wide apart, balancing
awkwardly on her tiptoes. Her wrists were too high for her to kneel or sit, and
too low for her to stand. She knew that her legs would begin to ache terribly
before long. She also knew there would be worse torments for her than that.

"This is not for my amusement," Madame Chen said, humourlessly. "This is
business, and I take nothing more seriously. I need to test your endurance, your
reaction to pain, your obedience. Your testing will not be easy for you, but
believe me when I say it is in your interests to perform well. Do so, and you
may be sold to a rich and prosperous man who will treat you as an object of
value."

She paused, and looked deeply into Ellie's eyes, red from crying.

"Perform badly, and you will find yourself in a cheap brothel, fucked by any man
or woman with a handful of coins to their name, or even worse. I have sold men
and women to labour gangs, to torturers to test their skills on, even to
murderers, if the price was right."

Ellie cried out in terror.

"There will be no mind games from me, and no mental control." She flexed the
whip. "There will just be pain. You will not cry out, or make a single sound.
That is not keyed to your mental commands. There is no keyword. It is simply my
wish, as a free woman with power over you, and a whip.

"Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress," Ellie whispered.

"And you are not to close your eyes."

She swished her crop through the air. Ellie shuddered, and tried to brace
herself for the onslaught that would follow.

The first blow was squarely on her right breast. The second, a mere fraction of
an instant later, to her left. Initially, there was nothing, but then, a second
later, the pain registered in Ellie's mind, and it was only the quickest of
thinking that enabled her to bit her lip and not cry out in shock.

Blows rained down in a sudden and terrible flurry upon her upper body, striking
her breasts, lasing her nipples. There was no mercy in Madame Chen's strikes.
They were furious and swift, with no pause for breath, no rhythm. Beforehand,
Ellie's tears had been of shame and terror; now they were of pain. Ordered not
to scream, she had no other recourse but to cry, and to whimper pathetically.

Finally, there was a pause, and Ellie dared believe it was over. Her head fell
and she sucked in gasping breaths of air, her red and tender breasts rising and
falling. Madame Chen walked a slow and deliberate circle around her body. And
then another.

"I know a man in China," she said. "He needs labour to irrigate some farmland.
It is hot and difficult work, for hours on end. If the labourers have no
clothes, then none will be provided for them. By day's end, their skin will be
baked raw with the fury of the sun, and hardened by the elements. There are
women in the labour groups - not many of them - and at night they are all raped
mercilessly by the male members."

There was a sudden blow on Ellie's back, and she yelped.

"It would be a terrible shame if such beauty was consigned to such a fate."

Madame Chen walked around to Ellie's front. "It would be such a shame if you
consigned yourself to such a place because you could not learn discipline."

The next blow was down across Ellie's thigh, already straining from the effort
of holding herself like this. She did not scream, but she did give out a muffled
whimper.

More and more blows followed, Madame Chen shifting arms without a break - or a
reduction in the strength of the blows.

"This is a simple riding crop," the Oriental woman said, after that flurry had
ended. "One of the lightest I have. There are whips that are the size of a
strong man's wrist, that are made from the strongest of ox hide, that are tipped
with barbs. I have seen all the flesh of a man's back whipped away from him by a
handful of blows, his ribs and muscles exposed.

"There are many worse instruments of torture than this. If you are
insufficiently obedient, then you may learn them."

Again, the slow and repeated circle, anti-clockwise this time.

"Torturers need to be trained after all. It is a skill like any other. How to
maim without killing, how much blood can be lost, how to make a victim talk
while remaining coherent. An untrained torturer has to practice his art. It
cannot be learned through theory alone. And if there is a shortage of expendable
victims for this teaching, then well... they come to me.

"Young women are a particular attraction for such people. The psychology and
physical and emotional effects of rape are matters that are important to learn."

Ellie did not even try to stop herself from screaming as the next blows lashed
across her back, raining upon her shoulder blades and upper back. She closed her
eyes and cried out, pleading for mercy, rambling incoherently, praying even.

She returned to her senses when she was being raised up, the chains that held
her wrists being lifted up. She was raised until only the tips of her toes
touched the ground. Her arms burned with the weight of her body.

Danielle was watching her, a triumphant and hateful smile on her face. Stephanie
was oblivious to everything, with Cindy's hands inside her pussy.

But Madame Chen was directly before her.

"You are a stupid and disobedient girl," she snapped. "Rich men do not want
stupid or disobedient girls, however beautiful they are. You are only of average
beauty compared to most slave girls. I do not think you will sell well. I think
it may have to b a brothel for you."

She flexed the riding crop again.

"A final blow," she said.

The lash came from between her legs, and struck her on the very tip of her
pussy. Ellie threw her head back and screamed, a high-pitched, anguished cry of
utter agony.

She had never... Oh, God! Never known such pain...

Madame Chen snorted, and walked back to her seat, picking up a glass and sipping
at it.

Cindy disentangled herself from Stephanie and stood up, stretching. Bending
down, she picked up something from the floor by the side of the couch, and
fiddled around with it for a moment, lifting up her skirt and looping something
around her waist. What was it...?

Ellie moaned loudly when she saw what it was.

A long, thick, black dildo jutted from between Cindy's legs. The sheriff stroked
it slowly as she walked towards the hanging girl. Ellie would not take her eyes
off it. She had never seen a strap-on before. That thing was massive, far larger
than any man's cock would be.

Wordlessly, Cindy released her from the handcuffs and tossed them back to Madame
Chen. Ellie's knees gave way and she fell forward, slmped againt Cindy's body.
Not ungently, the sheriff lowered her down to a kneeling position, so that
Ellie's head was level with her groin and with the...

thing

jutting out from it.

"Suck it," Cindy ordered.

Ellie hesitated, shaking. She could disobey. The clicking in her mind wasn't
there. The keyword hadn't been given. She did not have to take that... thing
into her mouth.

Cindy grabbed a handful of her hair. "Suck it, Eleanor!" she spat.

Ellie leaned forward, taking as much of it in her mouth as she could. She
gagged, nausea rising up from her stomach, but she could not pull back. The
order aside, Cindy's hands were locked in her hair.

Her mouth was dry, her throat sore from so much screaming. Just keeping the
thing in her mouth was hard enough. She had never given a blow-job before,
although her boyfriend had asked for one this one night when he had been
slightly drunk. She thought such an act was degenerate.

"Suck it hard, girl," said Cindy, laughing the filthiest laugh Ellie had ever
heard. "It'll be in your ass soon, so the better lubricated the better."

Ellie's eyes widened, and she began to struggle.

No! No! That couldn't be...

Oh no, God no, not that...

Not...

Cindy laughed again, that foul, dirty laugh, as if she had just told a
disgusting joke. Lights began to flash before Ellie's eyes. She couldn't
breathe. She found herself hoping she would pass out. At least she would be
unconscious while these disgusting things were done to her.

But no, Cindy pushed her head back, and threw her roughly face down to the
floor. Ellie lay there, stunned and sprawling for a moment. Then she felt
Cindy's body fall down upon hers, and she began to struggle.

"No!" she called out, frantically. "No! Help me! Mistress Danielle! Please!"
Even in her terror, she could not shake the induced order to address them all as
'Mistress'.

"Noooooo!"

Danielle smiled and shook her head, raising the camera she had - as Ellie was
finding out - been using ever since her ordeal had begun. She took a picture of
Ellie screaming, Cindy above her.

"No can do, sweetling," she purred. "We agreed, she can do whatever she likes as
long as she doesn't mark you, or impair your worth.

"If I were you, I'd drag this out as long as you can. I'm next, remember."

Ellie continued screaming, and writhing, Cindy laughing above her.

"God," muttered Stephanie, disgusted, one hand caressing her pussy. "She's never
had anal before either? I thought you said she'd had some boyfriends."

"She has," Danielle shrugged. "She mustn't have let them get very far. Frigid
bitch."

Ellie was still struggling, when the tip of the dildo touched her tight
sphincter. Cindy grunted, and forced it in. The writhing girl stopped her
frantic struggles, and then squealed loudly.

"Crying again," noted Stephanie.

"She does it very well," Danielle added, taking another photo.

"Stop struggling, bitch," Cindy snapped. "Listen to me, Eleanor. Lie there and
enjoy it."

She stopped instantly, lying there still. Cindy began to thrust into her, harder
and harder. She could not struggle, but she could scream, and scream she did,
loudly and agonisingly.

"Having some trouble there, Cindy," Danielle said.

"Tight," grunted the sheriff. "Very tight." She grabbed Ellie's hair and pulled
her head up. "Aren't you, slut? Ever been done up the ass before? Well,
Eleanor?"

"No, Mistress Cindy," she panted, in between screams.

"Well... now you... know what... it's like..."

Another thrust, and this one seemed to bury at least half the dildo in her arse.

"Slut," Cindy panted. "Tell me you're a... slut... Eleanor!"

"I'm a slut, Mistress Cindy," she sobbed, struggling for breath.

"Bitch... fucking... bitch..."

Cindy released Ellie's hair and slid one arm around her neck, grappling her, and
yanking her head back even further. Ellie could not scream now, not cry out, not
even moan. She could simply pant, and continue to cry.

Suddenly, Ellie found herself lifted up into the air. Cindy rolled back, fell
into a seated position, and pulled Ellie onto her lap, all in one smooth motion.
The phallus continued its violation of her arse.

"That's... better..." Cindy panted, still gripping Ellie around the neck, and
still thrusting upwards. Her other hand began grping and squeezing Ellie's
breasts - already sore and tender.

"Tell me you're a whore," Cindy snapped, quickly.

"I'm a... whore, Mistress!" Ellie cried out.

"A white whore. A white whore bitch. Ugh! Say it... Eleanor!"

"I'm a... white... whore... bitch... Mistress!"

Ellie could not take any more. She could hardly breathe. Her breasts were being
crushed by the black woman's merciless grip. Her arse was burning with the
violent thrusts, growing quicker and quicker.

Cindy released her grip around Ellie's neck, and her hand slid down across
Ellie's belly, forcing its way into her pussy. She was every bit as rough there
as she still was at Ellie's breast.

Cindy's grunts became more rhythmic and savage. "Bitch!" she panted. "Whore!
Slut! Fucking... whore! Slut! Bitch! Ugh! Ugh!"

With one more furious thrust, she buried the whole of the massive phallus into
Ellie's brutalised body. Despite the lack of air in her lungs, the poor girl let
out a terrified scream, louder and more intense than any previous.

Cindy withdrew swiftly, and tossed Ellie aside with a casual brutality. She
stood above the prone body of the weeping, pathetic young woman, and spat down
on her.

"Whore," she said, finally, before running to the couch.

"Doesn't like them big, does she," said Stephanie, running her hands across the
dildo.

"I know someone who does," came the reply.

But Ellie didn't pay attention to any of that. She simply lay there, sobbing.
She had always considered herself to be a strong-willed woman. She had no truck
with men who tried to be patronising or sexist towards her. She had a strong
moral attitude and, while she would have sex before marriage, there were some
things she regarded as simply wrong: oral sex, anal sex, lesbianism, bondage...

And now she had been forced to participate in all of the above. She had been
reduced to a screaming, sobbing girl, crying her eyes out at the feet of the
four woman who had forced her to this.

There was no hope for her. No mercy would be shown to her. This was only the
beginning.

No one would come to rescue her. She had been chosen as the last hope of this
town, the only one available to free this place from her sister's evil. She
could have tried to leave, to call for some help. Instead, she had come to
confront Danielle, confident her sister would not dare do anything to her,
confident in her own invincibility.

She had been wrong, terribly, terribly wrong.

There was a prodding at her side. Terrified, knowing what she would see, she
looked up.

Danielle smiled. "My turn now, sweetie," she purred.

-----------

Even from where she was held, Rita could hear the screaming. She knew what that
meant: she had failed. Ellie had failed.

Rita would have cried if she could, but her tears had been beaten and forced out
of her a long time ago.

She would have to leave the crying to Ellie.

Still, she was afraid. She knew that she would be punished as well, even more so
than she already had been. Soon enough, she would be the one screaming.

----------

"I've been waiting for this for so long," Danielle said, walking slowly around
Ellie's body. "Every slave I ever sold, every slave I ever broke... in my mind
they were all you. You took from me the only thing I ever wanted, and I swore, I
swore to myself, that I would one day take everything of yours."

She grabbed Ellie's hair and pulled her up. "The moment he first saw you, Dad
loved you best. His golden girl, his special one. How do you think he would
react now, seeing you like this?"

Ellie said nothing, and Danielle let her head fall.

"On your knees, Eleanor."

Unable to resist, Ellie forced her weary and battered body up, adopting the
kneeling position she had before. She ached, she burned with pain, she cried
from the shame and humiliation of what she had been forced to do.

Danielle knelt down beside her, looking deep into her eyes. Danielle was
beautiful, every man's fantasy, a sultry and sexy face, full lips pursed in a
knowing smile. She curled her hand around Ellie's head and pulled her closer.

No, no, no no no...

Danielle kissed her, a full, intimate, passionate kiss, her tongue brushing
Ellie's lips, her mouth, Danielle's teeth nibbling at her.

Nooooooooooo...

Danielle kissed her cheek, licking up her tears. She kissed above her eyes, she
kissed the bridge of her nose, she rained kisses on her neck, she licked and
sucked and kissed at her breasts.

No...

"Stephanie thinks you have a lovely body," Danielle whispered huskily, in her
ear. "She is very taken with you. Did you enjoy licking her? Tell me you did,
Eleanor."

"I enjoyed licking her, Mistress Danielle."

"Tell me that again." Danielle's breath was warm.

"I enjoyed licking her, Mistress Danielle." Only then did Ellie realise there
had been no compulsion that time, that the words had left her mouth by her own
will alone.

"The mind control equipment was very expensive," her sister whispered, holding
her close. "It's only ever a beginning, though. The greatest training is to make
the slave do as you order without them being forced to. They obey, because they
are a slave, and that is all."

Her hand trailed down Ellie's front, caressing and squeezing her nipples, still
tender from Madame Chen's whipping.

nononononono...

"Not that it wasn't worth it, because it was. I wouldn't trade that look on your
face as you took your clothes off for all the money in the world."

Her hand slid lower. She kissed Ellie's ear. Her hand ran below Ellie's waist.
She kissed her neck. Her hand touched the edges of her sweat-soaked pubic hair.

"You will obey me in time without any control. You will do it because you are a
slave, and I am a Mistress. Isn't that right?"

"Yes, Mistress Danielle."

Danielle let her fall backwards, although Ellie kept her kneeling position.
Danielle stepped away and walked back towards the couch.

Was that it? Was it over now? Please, God, let it be over now.

Stephanie was on her hands and knees in front of the couch, Cindy thrusting the
dildo repeatedly into her from behind. The lawyer was moaning and crying. Madame
Chen was simply watching, her arms folded under her ample bosom.

"Fuck me!" moaned the lawyer. "Harder! Harder! Oh, yes!"

"Look at me, Eleanor," Danielle commanded and, helpless to resist, Ellie did so.
Danielle was holding something in her hand. "Do you know what this is?" She
flicked a switch. It began to hum and throb.

A vibrator.

"Spread your legs wide, Eleanor. Nice and wide for me."

She obeyed, and Danielle advanced, kneeling down beside her. Ellie could not
take her eyes off the throbbing device in her sister's hands. She had never seen
one of those before either, although she had heard of them. It was smaller than
Cindy's strap-on, but it still looked large, certainly larger than her
boyfriend's...

Ellie moaned loudly as Danielle touched it gently to the inside of her thigh.

"Impressive, isn't it? I make a point of buying only the best. Don't worry yet,
sweetie, it's on the lowest setting."

Ellie stared at it, wide-eyed. If that was the lowest setting...

No. No. No. No no no no no...

The device touched her again, higher, almost at the lowest edge of her pussy
hair. The inside of her thighs were covered with a thin residue of sweat.
Danielle trailed the tool up Ellie's leg. Gently, with the artistry of a fine
painter, Danielle ran the vibrating tip around her pussy lips.

No! No! No!

Please... no!

Suddenly, sharply, Danielle thrust the vibrator into Ellie, pushing it in and
out, sliding it this way and that, letting the vibrations run through Ellie's
entire body.

Oh, no... not this, not this...

To be humiliated, and beaten, and insulted, and raped, and now to have to endure
this as well. To be degraded still further, as if what had happened to her
already was not enough.

Ellie doubted any tears remained in her, but still, she continued to cry.

With a smile, Danielle flicked the setting up a notch. Ellie actually cried out
with shock at the sudden change in the sensation.

"Keep your position, Eleanor," came the order, and Ellie struggled to do so. She
was shaking and trembling, panting desperately for breath.

"Oh, yes!" came Stephanie's loud moans. "Fuck me harder! Harder!"

Danielle flicked another notch.

Ellie threw her head back and screamed. A tingling was spreading across her
body. She wanted to shake, to thrust her fingers inside her, to...

Was this what this was meant to be like? She had thought, during sex with her
boyfriend that... but never like this... never known anything like...

"Harder!" roared Stephanie.

"Loud, isn't she?"

"Yes, Mistress Danielle," Ellie moaned, her breath in gasps.

"Tell me to fuck you harder, just like she is." Ellie hesitated. No, not that...
Danielle was her sister... she couldn't say those things... she couldn't...

Danielle smiled. "Do it, Eleanor."

"Fuck me, Mistress Danielle," she cried, a bitter core of shame sinking in her
heart. "Harder, Mistress Danielle!" Another notch. Ellie felt as though her
heart would stop.

"Harder, Mistress Danielle!" she shrieked.

"Harder!"

"No," Danielle said calmly, withdrawing the vibrator from Ellie's trembling body
and switching it off. She stepped back. Desperately, Ellie reached for her
pussy, to complete what had been started.

"Stay in position, Eleanor!" Danielle barked. Weeping, Ellie obeyed.

In the background, Stephanie was making howling noises.

Danielle held up the vibrator, now still, to Ellie's mouth. "Lick it clean."

Without even trying to resist, Ellie took it in her mouth. She did close her
eyes - her one attempt at defiance. She did not think she would be able to bear
the hateful and triumphant look on her sister's face.

Her own pussy juice tasted weaker than Stephanie's had, but the experience was
vastly more humiliating. A droplet trickled down her chin, but she continued to
lick it clean until Danielle was satisfied.

"Look at me, Eleanor, and do not dare close your eyes."

Danielle flicked the vibrator to its maximum setting, and slid it inside
herself. In no time at all, she was rocking and moaning with the intensity of
her own coming orgasm. She threw her head back, shaking her long mane of blond
hair wildly. Her cries even overpowered Stephanie's.

Danielle was free, and Ellie was not. Ellie knew she would never be free again.
She would be a slave from now on, and Danielle was only making one of what Ellie
knew would be many points in that lesson.

Danielle put the vibrator down, and she smiled.

-----------

All in all, Danielle thought later, the night had gone very well. Poor little
Ellie, to be so mistreated. Well, if she thought that was bad, she had not seen
anything yet. Time for her to see what happened to those who would not be sold
on as slaves.

It would be a shame to have to part with Ellie, but while she was here, there
was always the possibility of something going wrong. No, Danielle would have to
get rid of her. That would be the final part of her ultimate triumph, knowing
Ellie was just another slave somewhere.

She would have to talk to Madame Chen about it later. They had gotten several
good pictures, and would be able to compare notes about what further training
little Ellie needed.

But for now, another demonstration.

Ellie was following her wearily upstairs, to her private quarters, still naked
except for the boots and the collar. Danielle really liked that look on her.

Danielle led her inside the attic room, the special place where Danielle had her
private fun. Downstairs was for exhibitions and public affairs, but this... this
was hers.

Ellie did not struggle as she was spreadeagled on the bed, and cuffed to all
four corners. She did moan a bit when the large ball gag was pushed into her
mouth, distending her jaw.

When it was done, Danielle looked down at her helpless sister. Ellie was still
crying. She looked gorgeous when she did, so helpless and vulnerable. She leaned
down, and licked up a single tear, enjoying the way Ellie shuddered at that.

"See you later, sweetie," she said. "I have business matters to discuss, such as
where we're going to sell you to. But first, there's something I want you to
see."

At the other side of the room was a high partition, shielding off a corner.
Danielle whipped it aside dramatically.

Ellie's eyes widened as she took in the sight of Rita, and the young Asian girl.
Danielle was very impressed with that particular display of bondage. It had
taken almost half an hour to do right.

The two of them were bound facing each other. Fortunately they were of similar
heights; it was alwas harder when there was a disparity. A large, ribbed,
double-ended dildo filled each of their pussies, and a similar one was strapped
into their mouths as a gag. Both of their tight little asses were filled by
thick plugs. They were dangling from the ceiling, their arms pulled just far
enough above their heads that they could not reach the ground.

But the best bit was the means of their bondage together. Danielle had disdained
simple rope for thin, strong wire. It wrapped around the two of them tightly,
pressing them hard against each other. Blood was trickling from where it sliced
into the soft parts of their bodies. Rita's fleshy ass, in particular, must be
hurting.

Danielle smacked Rita on the ass, and was rewarded by muffled moans.

"See you later, sis," she said, leaving Ellie alone to that image, and the
lesson it brought with it.

----------

"Have Cindy and Stephanie finished?" Danielle asked downstairs, on seeing that
the lawyer and the sheriff were gone.

"Hardly," Madame Chen said, disapprovingly. "I suggested that if they were not
willing to discuss business, they should go to a room."

"They're not really involved in the business side of things anyway. Their main
job is keeping this operation secret, and making sure there isn't any unwanted
interference. That, and a little quality control."

"Hmm." Madame Chen did not sound impressed. She took another sip of her wine.

"So?"

"Very impressive. Once training is complete, I should be able to sell her as a
concubine to several prominent businessmen. Japanese men like pale-skinned
girls, not too tall or big-breasted. I will start looking around when I return."

Danielle paused, thinking. "No," she said. "I don't want her sold to a rich
businessman. Sell her to something lower than that. Much lower."

"The price of the sale will be much less..."

"I know. I'll pay you full commission. In fact, I'll pay more. This isn't about
business. This is..." she smiled, thinking of darling Ellie. "Personal."

"What did you have in mind? The labour gangs?"

"No. A brothel. The cheapest, filthiest, dirtiest brothel you can find. I want
men fucking her for a few cents a pop."

"A waste, but if you insist. She would make an adequate geisha, with training."

"I don't want her as a geisha. I want her as a whore."

"Fine. I know some places, and they are always on the lookout for girls."

"How much training will she need?"

"To be a whore? None."

"I'm going to train her anyway, as a concubine. I want her to think that's her
fate - a rich businessman's geisha. Until she gets to where she's going."

"You are too cruel," Madame Chen observed. "And I think it is a waste, but if
you will pay full commission, then what do I care? Let me know when you are
willing to move her."

"Oh," Danielle said, smiling, "I think I want her company for a good few months
yet."

----------

The man jingled the handful of coins in his pocket just to make sure they were
still there as he ran. He had been lucky to find a rich tourist who was careless
with his wallet. Enough money for a week's worth of food, a lot of drinks, and
two, maybe three sessions with his favourite whore.

And if there hadn't been that much money, he would have made sure at least one
session would have been at the top of his list.

The brothel was like one of many in the area, different only in that it was
dirtier and cheaper than most. Some brothels made an effort to seem upmarket,
with fancy decor and posh pictures, but not this one. This one was simple - it
was a place men went to fuck women and nothing else.

Not that most of the women were worth fucking except by the lowest of the low,
the most degenerate, the most poor, the most pathetic. Most were diseased, or
ill, or looked twenty years older than they were.

Except for the one.

He could not believe a woman like that had found her way to a place like this.
She was not the usual drug-addled slut who had gotten herself in too deep with
local loan sharks and been forced into this as a method of repayment. She was...
different. And special.

Two of the usual bouncers were on the door. "Oh," said one of them. "You again."

"Is she free?"

"She's free. Just finished a few minutes ago."

Excitedly, he handed over his payment. A handful of coins. A nothing. He would
pay ten times as much for one time with this girl. His friends agreed. He had
told them all about her, and all of them had come here. They all thought the
same. She was worth far more than the pittance that was being charged, but none
of them complained.

He found the alcove easily, pushing aside the curtain and stepping in. There
were not even rooms here, just little alcoves containing a cot. She looked up as
he entered. He was certain there was a gleam in her eyes for him. She did not
speak to him - she didn't to anyone, and apparently she only spoke English
anyway - but he was convinced she liked him more than anyone else. He was one of
her special clients.

She had a lovely body, even marked as it was. Pale skin, perfectly shapely
breasts, a pretty, vulnerable face. She was naked except for strange boots and a
metal collar, from which ran the chain fixing her to the wall. That was all she
had arrived wearing.

There was a scratch on her face, and a trace of blood on her cheek. A drop of
semen was still trickling down her breast. She was covered with marks, some
fresh, some old. The men who came here usually did not bother with the health of
the whores, and the management made no effort to stop any brutality. There were
always plenty more whores.

Not this man, though. He was always kind to her. She was special.

He rolled down his trousers, and his cock, hardened even by the anticipation of
seeing her, came forth. She shuffled forward awkwardly and bowed her head,
taking him in her mouth. All her teeth had been knocked out.

She was crying as she did it. She always cried. The tears just made her
prettier.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sarijak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





