BDSM Library - Acting out her Fantacy




Acting out her Fantacy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: For His newest addition to His household, a Master decides to enact one of her most secret fantacies as a welcome without her knowledge...
Her Fantacy

It was a hot and sticky night, she was overheated and slick with sweat, as a
bead of sweat slowly caressed the soft curve of her breast, she shivered with
anticipation... Nothing was on television, she wasnt interested in sitting all
night on the computer, so she opened the house up and grabbed a glass of wine,
her cigarettes, and a book to go outside and read a bit.  It was summer, and
while she had a patio that was protected from prying eyes she wasn't wearing too
many clothes.

As she was sitting there in a tank top and short flimsy skirt, a cool breeze
lifted the hem of her skirt and flipped it up above her navel.  Heaving a
breathy sigh, she reaches down to arrange her clothing, and becomes mesmerized
by the sight of her newly shaved pubis... it looked like she did before she hit
puberty.  Feeling deliciously naughty, she reached down to see if it was as
smooth as it looked for like the hundreth time tonight.  Running her fingers
over the sensitive skin, little sparks of recognition and rememberance skitter
over the flesh to find a home in the very center of her pleasure. 

Since meeting her Owner, she has become aware of just how highly sexed a person
could get.  Just the mere thought of hearing His voice would send her into
proxims of pleasure.  Her breasts would plump with the anticipation of His
touch, and her pussy would engorge and prepare itself for His invasion. Her
bottom would tingle where He would spank it.

These newly aroused feelings had her in such a warm daze that she decided to
indulge her urge to play for the umteenth time. His parting instructions to her
was to play as often as she felt the need, with the punch line of not being able
to cum unless expressly directed to by Him, and to tell Him her most secret dark
fantacy... for the freedom to touch herself, she agreed having no intention of
following the no cumming rule.

Continuing to run her fingers lightly up and down her now engorged pussy lips,
she feels the early lubrication and spreads it around getting hornier by the
moment... lightly caressing the lips and gently grazing her aching clit, and
moaning in pleasure she closed her eyes and drops herself into her favorite
fantacy, not noticing the Man standing in her kitchen watching her play, and
caressing the bulge in his pants as his eyes devoured her with a hunger that was
almost physical.  His eyes could almost feel the heat radiating off her body as
she worked at herself, driving that hungry pussy insane with her imaginings and
busy, frenzied fingers. He licked his lips and released his member stroking the
aching tool, lightly caressing to prolong the sweet agony of being rock hard
with no warm wet hole to satisfy its craving. He watched the beautiful woman
play, and remembered his day "bird watching".

As he passed the house earlier that day, he noticed her outside working in the
front garden of her house, bending over at the waist her long legs were exposed
up to the curve of her ass cheek, catching a glimpse of pink inner thigh... with
her free hand she was caressing her pussy through her cut-offs. Curiosity
peaked, he decided to watch his target in her natural environment.  He drove the
car around the corner, parked where he could see her clearly, got out his long
range glasses, sat and watched her work all afternoon dreaming of the ways he
could abuse and use that gorgious body.

At sunset while she drowsed in the patio lounge, leaving his cock in the open
air gently swaying with the movement of his body, he quietly stalked through the
house and entered the garage.  Locating a couple 5 foot lengths of rope, an old
bandana that has been used in the past to clean an oil dipstick, and a golf ball
and wad of twine to gag her with.  Quietly walking back into the kitchen to see
where she was in her "playtime", she appeared to be in a perfect position to tie
her down... but he waited until she was done with her play time and collapsed in
an exhausted heap after her forbidden orgasm... which he marked for later.

While she was sleeping, he placed a cotton wad against her nose that was soaked
in chloral hydrate that he had recieved along with his payment for this job...
She was his to play with until tomorrow afternoon when the Man would be replaced
by her boyfriend... Lucky Man. He was given explicit instructions, not to
seriously damage this girl, and paid extremely well... this was going to be a
cake walk.

After tying her hands above her head securing her to the chair she was lounging
on, he tied her feet apart to the outside bottom corners of the same chair. 
After rolling up her skirt he, stood there admiring his handy work and caressing
himself.  The rhythem of her breathing was starting to regulate, he had little
time to get the little bitch completely dressed for her ordeal. The intruder
placed the blindfold over her eyes, tied it on the side of her head so she could
not work it off, and coaxed her mouth open by gently holding her nose closed. 
Dropping the rubber squash ball into her mouth and securing it in her mouth by a
rope tied to the back of her neck.  Chuckling softly to himself, he got a bucket
of ice water prepaired and while screaming at her to wake up, unceremoniously
dumped it on her chest effectively rendering her white tank top transparent, and
granting his first upclose view of the round mounds of flesh all puckered with
cold and indignation at thier violation... all in all looking absolutely
perfect.

Shocked out of her drug induced sleep, she fought her bonds, and tried to scream
only succeeding in choking on the water that had splashed into her mouth. She
could not see and she was shaking with terror.

"Good Morning sleeping beauty... now unplug those ears and listen carefully. Do
you realize how dangerous it is to wander about at night with your windows and
doors open, playing with yourself?  Why you are just inviting someone like Me to
come in here and take advantage of the playground you are just begging Me to
play in... you stay quiet and do just as I ask and I wont hurt you too much..."

Taking a knife he had brought from the kitchen while he was waiting for her to
wake up, drew it across her nipples light enough he wouldnt cut her, yet with
just enough of a heavy hand that she knew she was in peril of getting her
nipples cut off.

She sucked in a terrified breath, trembling uncontrollably, she couldnt move a
muscle as long as she felt that blade. Dispite her terror, her body was
betraying her, she was getting unbelievably hot, and whined in the back of her
throat with her frustration.

She felt him dragging the tip of the blade down her vulnerable stomach, strangly
not afraid he would kill her, her pussy started purring, and to hide that fact
she was so hot, she pressed her bottom into the seat as if to cover herself.

WHACK! white hot searing pain envelopes her right breast, her face flushes
bright red with the pressure of her trying to scream through her gag.

"Naughty girl!  Never try to cover up... for that matter do not move unless I
tell you to do so."

Another ringing slap catches her other breast when she did not answer...

"Correct answer is a nod of your head... telling me yes... understood?"

She nods.

"Now lift your hips and show me that pussy." He punctuated that order with a
savage twist of her nipples. "Good girl... keep that up and you just might enjoy
this as much as I will."

Blushing a rich red with the humiliation of having to obey his commands, she
lifted her throbbing pussy up for his inspection, straining to keep it still,
she waves her hips gently from left to right.

He reaches down and lightly runs a finger up and down her soaked snatch, she
cant help the violent lunge her hips do as he nears her clit...

"Oh! what a hot little bitch you are... you are actually enjoying this arent you
cunt?" He says.

When you dont answer him, your hips slam down to the Lounge chair following the
stinging slap delivered to the upraised pulsing cunny lips.

"I dont want to remind you why we are here... answer me when I ask a
question.... or do you need a reminder?"

Shaking her head violently back and forth and whining loudly, she cant hold her
bladder and in her terror discraces herself in front of her captor.

With the evidence of her terror running down her legs to her ankles and to the
floor through the seat of her chair, he grins and begins to caress her and calm
her down.  Playing with her nipples, and making her writhe to his tune, He sits
down on a chair next to hers to see just how far she would go to get a glimmer
of even enjoying the beginnings of an orgasm.

He took his hands away from her body and watched her writhe uncontrollably, all
the while whimpering for release. Once again he takes the knife out and caresses
her throat with the tip, made her kiss the blade that was now going to fuck her,
telling her to lie quietly and absolutely still, or she would get cut. He
flicked the sharp tip against her clit and she moaned as loud as she could while
gagged and opened her legs for more since she could not get away she figured she
may as well enjoy.

He is entranced by her calm acceptance, and instead of using the sharp blade he
had planned on using, he took a butter knife out of the kitchen, you know the
ones, the ones that couldnt cut hot butter??? He took that knife and used it,
tracing lines and circles all over her body.  Watching the muscular quivers as
she fought to control her movements so she would not get cut. She felt her clit
being flicked back and forth and almost urinated with her fear, but was again
being defeated by her disloyal body... she was hovering on the brink of orgasm.

He inserted the cold metal blade of the knife, to the music of her sharp gasp at
the invasion, god is she fighting for it he thought... He fucked her with the
knife using it like a dildo, and roughly stimulated her ultra sensitive clit for
more than pleasure, he was really digging at the clit, sparks of pure pain were
convulsing her body, jabbing the knife into the delicate folds of her pussy, he
squirted warm water making her think she was cut and bleeding.  He walked away
and watched her squirm and try to check if she was alright... she was just to
wet, so hot she was almost feral, and just scared enough not to care.

He released her legs and they hung limply, after thinking she was stabbed, she
passed out.  He released her hands, and gently placed her unresisting hands in
her lap, and took the gag out so she could breath. Using a fireman's hold he
picked her up and carried her to the dining room table, and laid her face down
spread eagled.  He went to the bedroom in search for a belt and a pillow to tuck
under her bottom so he had an unimpeded swat zone.

As he stepped back and took the sights, he just had to relieve himself.  He
stepped forward and stroked his cock, almost exploding with the pleasure shocks
coursing up and down his spine, he slapped her ass and the next move was to
impale her on his huge ramming pole. 

He fucked her savagely, not caring if he was hurting or pleasuring her.  She on
the other hand realized she was in a totally different position, and was getting
her ripped and torn pussy fucked screamed for all she was worth, only to get
another cock shoved into her mouth, a familiar hand wrapped its fingers in her
long auburn hair, roughly pulling and twisting. She heard "you may cum"
whisper/growled into her ear, and her world exploded... yet again she passed
out.

Her Master paid the intruder what was owed and wished him well on his travels,
never thinking he may see this guy again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lady Gayla


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





