BDSM Library - Puppet-Girl




Puppet-Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young supervisor's lesbian employees take matters firmly in hand.
Puppet-girl
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com 

(FF, reluctant)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2003 Couture

***********

When I graduated college, I was lucky enough to get a 
job as a manager for Advertis.  It was a great job, 
with good pay.  Even the hours were good.  However, 
there was only one little problem.  Well. . . there 
were two problems really, and their names were Deb and 
Sam.  You see, the problem was . . . well, they are 
homosexual.  

With Deb, you wouldn't know, unless you *knew*.  But, 
with Sam . . . anyone who met her would immediately 
know she was gay.  And I know this isn't politically 
correct, but when I first met her, I thought, now that 
is what a butch dyke is.  Okay, I shouldn't have said 
that, but it's true.  Her hair, her mannerisms, and 
the way she talked were about as feminine as one of 
those wrestlers you see on T.V. sometimes.  Not that I 
watch wrestling.  I mean it's like *so fake*.   But 
anyway, she reminds me exactly of one of those 
wrestler people.  And when Sam shook my hand the first 
time, I thought she was going to crush it or 
something!  

Well, them being homosexuals and all, it sort of made 
me a tiny bit uncomfortable, but it wasn't the real 
problem though.  See, we had homosexuals in school.  
One sat next to me in Sociology and she was really 
sweet.  But the problem with Sam and Deb, was they 
were like really smart and always gave me a hard time, 
as if they had something to take out on me.  Hey, it 
wasn't my fault she's was a big butch woman!  Maybe if 
she lost some weight and put on a little makeup, she 
could get a promotion.  It's not all about how smart 
you are, you know.  I learned that little lesson in my 
sorority and it happened to have paid off very well 
since then.  I was like never on the dean's list, but 
hey, did you know that the human resources manager for 
Advertis just happened to be a sister?  So let that be 
a lesson, it's not what you know, it's who you know.

Well, anyway, here I have this sweet job, except for 
these two malcontents.  So what do I do?  I made peace 
with Deb.  She's the more ladylike, so I figured I 
could get to Sam through her and you know what?  It 
worked.  Sam was no longer hostile, although she 
wasn't really friendly either.  I did have to pretend 
to be Deb's friend, which was easier said than done.  
Usually, it was okay, but sometimes . . . well 
sometimes she would talk about things that made me 
feel really uncomfortable - icky yucky sexual things 
that happened between her and Sam.

Things like this. . .

*************

"Wow, we had so much fun this weekend Laura, I can't 
wait to tell you what happened!" Deb said.

"What happened?" I asked.  Did I really want to know?  
No way!  But this was all part of my plan to turn 
these two malcontents to my side so I had to appear 
interested.  And I guess it was sort of interesting 
the way the way things must be interesting to one of 
those poor missionaries who go to try to help out the 
poor people in Africa.  

"We had us a cream puff," she said.  "God, I get so 
wet just thinking about it.  Mmmm. . . that poor girl 
came so many times she was begging Sam to stop.  Oh, 
that sweet little girl.  The poor thing probably can't 
even walk today."

"Oh that's nice," I said, pretending I was hip and 
relaxed.  "I'm glad you two had a fun weekend.  Do you 
want to know what I did?  I went to see. . ."  I tried 
to change the subject, but that bitch kept on like I 
didn't even speak.

"Oh Laura, you would have liked her.  She was so young 
and pretty - reminded me of you.  And she had the 
tightest little blonde pussy.  Fuck, but it wasn't 
very tight when Sam was done with it."

You know, I could listen to some things Deb talked 
about and either ignore them or not get too grossed 
out about it.  It was all sort of distant and faraway.  
Sort of like passing a livestock truck on the highway.  
But, whenever Deb talked about these young girls they 
did things to over the weekend, well . . . I don't 
know how to say this, but, instead of repulsing me . . 
. 

It sort of . . . it kind of turned me on.

I have no idea why.   I have a boyfriend and all that.  
I've always had boyfriends and I've never *ever* 
thought about myself with another woman.  Not until 
recently.  Not until hearing Deb's stories.  And now, 
I can't seem to get these fantasies out of my mind.  
Fantasies about Sam.  Of Sam making me do things.  
Dirty things.  Forbidden things.  Things like she did 
to those girls Deb talked about.  

I listened as Deb finished her tale and tried not to 
say anything.  Afraid maybe I would give myself away.  
By the time she was finished, I couldn't even think 
straight and I prayed she had no idea how aroused I 
was.  

But this time, for some reason, I don't know possessed 
me.  Instead of keeping my mouth shut.  I blurted, 
"Like maybe we could hang out some weekend?"   I could 
feel my face grow hot as I blushed.  

I felt Deb's gaze penetrate my defenses.  Her knowing 
smile said she saw through my ploy.  She walked behind 
me.  Her hands settled on my hips, causing a shiver to 
roll down my spine.  Her hot breath was in my ear.  "I 
would love to play with you, but it's not up to me.  
It's up to Sam.  She's the one you have to ask."

My knees grew weak, and I held tightly to the counter 
to keep from falling.  Yet, I still felt like I was 
falling deeper and deeper.  "I just meant - you know - 
hang out - as friends."

"Sure you did," Deb said, as if to say, 'Yeah right.'.  
"Ask Sam when you're ready."

Despite telling Deb I only wanted to be friends, she 
took it to mean much more than that.  After that, she 
took every opportunity to touch me . . . on my back, 
just where my ass begins, on my arm, my hand, even my 
thigh.  Nothing really inappropriate, but enough to 
make me feel like really uncomfortable.  And she 
continued to tell me sexual stories much more openly.  
She said I was cool.  She said I was pretty.  She 
asked when was I going to ask Sam?  

I'm not like that, just friends, a drink or something, 
I would always reply.   And yet, maybe I was.  My 
dreams and fantasies were of Sam and Deb.  I knew it 
would be a stupid stupid idea.  I was their supervisor 
for christsakes.  Supervisors don't fraternize with 
their subordinates.  It's just not done.  It would be 
like a senior girl hanging out with the pledges.  
However no matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't 
seem to get the idea through to my body and eventually 
I waited until I was alone with Sam.

"Sam," I asked.  "Maybe I could hang out with you and 
Deb one weekend?

"Sorry," she said.  "We've got plans for the weekend.  
Just me, Deb and a *friend*.  We don't have room for a 
supervisor."

My face burned.  "Oh okay," I said, stupidly.  "Well 
have a good time then."  Damn it, I wanted to kick 
myself.  You are such a chicken shit Laura.  But, 
really, maybe it was for the best.

And later, Deb was no help at all.

"You asked?" Deb said, placing a hand on either side 
of my hips.

God, why did she like coming up behind me like that?  
She stood there behind me, spooning against me, and in 
general making it difficult to think about anything 
but the heat of our bodies.  "Yes," I said.  "But she 
said no."  God, I prayed she would just leave me 
alone.

"What did you ask?" she said and I told her.  

"You know what you need to do," she said, and then 
drew near my ear and told me, her voice barely a 
whisper.  What she told me sent a shiver down my 
spine.  

"But I don't want to be a Creampuff," I answered, 
blushing.  "I already told you I just wanted to hang 
out or something."

"Look," Deb explained patiently.  "No matter what you 
say, you'll still be her supervisor.  Being a 
creampuff doesn't mean anything real.  It's just a 
name.  Besides, you've never had sex with a woman 
before, have you?"

"No."

"But maybe you are curious about the lifestyle?"

I blushed and bit my lip.  God, was I that obvious?

"Then you my dear, are a creampuff," she said and left 
me standing there.

****

It took me until Friday at 4:50 before I screwed up my 
courage.

"Sam, I was wondering if you'd like to do something 
this weekend."

"Laura, I already told you." she said.  "Just me, Deb 
and a friend."

I was sweating and my knees were weak.  I felt like I 
had to pee my panties.  I hated myself for being so 
weak.  Weak for being afraid to ask.  And weak for 
asking when I knew I shouldn't..  "Sam, wait . . ." I 
said.  "I'll uh - " whew so hard to say it.  "I want 
to be a . . . I want to be a cream-puff."

Her eyes zeroed in on me.  I knew what a mouse feels 
when it sees a hawk that last second.  "Are you sure," 
she asked.  "Do you know what you are asking?"

"Yes."  Okay, for sure, I didn't know.  I did know one 
thing, knowing that I was going to be her cream-puff, 
whatever that meant, had me creaming my panties.  

She looked at me hard, as if appraising me anew.  
"Come by our apartment at seven tonight and wear 
something sexy."  She stepped in close and tilted my 
chin up.  She was so close I could feel her breath on 
my lips.  "Creampuff. . ."

Me, I was trembling and my panties were wet.  Oh God, 
what had I gotten myself into?

************

I modeled my outfit in front of the mirror.  I was 
wearing a short summer dress, white with a red rose 
print.  My legs were bare and freshly shaved.  I had 
on my favorite pair of sandals.  There was only one 
thing that was bothering me.  I raised the hem of my 
skirt to check out my cotton Hanes panties.  I was 
debating between them or a skimpy thong.  

I didn't want to give her the wrong idea, and yet, and 
yet, she said to wear something sexy.  And who was to 
say she would see my panties anyway.  My mind replayed 
the afternoon over again.  How she called me 
Creampuff.  I wondered if I should even show up at 
all.  God, I was scared of these feelings I was 
having.  Get a hold of yourself girl, I told myself.  
It wasn't like anything was going to happen at all.  
There was something about her that I found compelling, 
but I couldn't see myself kissing her or any woman in 
that way.  I took off the plain boring panties, put 
the sexy thong on, just because I wanted to, and for 
no other reason.  Then I picked up my keys and drove 
to Sam and Deb's apartment.

I drove by twice before I finally stopped and walked 
to the door.  Sam opened it and showed me in.  I 
looked around for Deb.  In a way I wanted privacy, but 
in another, I longed for her comforting presence to 
counteract Sam's hungry stare.

"Come with me," Sam ordered in a matter of fact tone, 
taking me by the hand, leading me to the living room 
and maneuvering me so that the arm of the sofa was in 
front of me, while she hemmed me in from behind.  

"Ah, where's Deb?" I asked, trying to buy a little 
time as things were moving a little too fast for my 
taste.

"Cream puffs don't speak unless spoken to."  Sam's 
strong arms encircled my waist and went straight for 
my crotch.  Her mouth pressed tightly against my neck.  
Instead of kissing me, she sucked hard at my tender 
skin, even biting me.

I was too caught up with the multiple liberties she 
took with me to mount an adequate defense.  I muttered 
unintelligibly, "Wait- don't - it will show."  Just 
what I needed for work . . . bite marks and a hickey.

She ignored me, pushing me over the arm of the chair.  
I was even more helpless than before as she flipped 
the hem of my sundress over my back.  "My what long 
legs you have cream-puff."

"Stop it Sam," I pleaded.  "Listen . . ."

Sam was going much too fast for my benefit.  I 
expected more courtship and flirting, and then maybe 
after that I could decide whether I wanted things to 
go any further.   "And what sexy hot panties you have, 
*slut* panties," she continued, ignoring my protests.  
Worse, she must not have thought too highly of my 
panties, because she was rapidly divesting me of their 
modest protection.

"Sam," I begged, but she never stopped.  Her fingers 
delved into the lips of my sex.  There was no way I 
could hide my growing arousal.  "Oh Sam!"

"And what a tight wet cream puff pussy."  

Sam had defeated me in less that a minute.  I was so 
ashamed.  Her fingers sought out my delicate charms, 
but were stopped short from reaching my clitoris due 
to my position against the couch and my tightly 
clenched thighs.  But Lord her sure touch felt so 
good, I was forced to surrender even more of my 
dignity and spread my thighs.  

Sam chuckled, making my burn in shame.  "You 
Creampuffs are all the same.  You say no, but in the 
end, it always comes down to the same thing.  Do you 
still want me to stop, Creampuff?"

I ignored her crude jibe, refusing to answer.  She 
circled my clit with her fingers, slid back and 
circled my opening before repeating the process, 
teasing me, frustrating me.  

"Want me to stop?" she taunted.

"No."

"Want to be my puppet?"  Her finger probed my opening.  
Oh God, I wanted her inside.  I pushed back to impale 
myself.  "Huh, want to be my little cream-puff puppet 
girl?"

"Yes," I admitted.  My sex was on fire with desire.  
It melted for her touch.  And the things she said.  
They were so crude and domineering.  They seduced me, 
turning me into a moaning squirming wreck.

"Are you sure?" she asked, stroking me, teasing me.  
"There's no going back.  No more creampuff, only 
puppet.  Still want to be my puppet?"

". . .yes," I gasped, more in response to her fingers 
than her question.

"Beg me," she said.  "Beg to be my sweet puppet girl."

I was defeated by her fingers and by her power.  There 
would be no truce.  With her it would only be 
submission.  My submission.  "Please - oh Gawd."  I 
was rewarded by a swift thrusting stab of her finger.  
Fucking me.  Encouraged, I begged.  "Please - ugh - 
let me - oh - be your - ugh -  sw- sweet - puppet 
girl."

She added another finger and I was in heaven.  "Such a 
tight little puppet pussy," she said.  "Keep begging.  
I love hearing you creampuffs when you beg for it."

And beg her I did.  I told what a good little puppet 
girl I would be.  I told her I would do anything to be 
her puppet girl.   I begged oblivious to everything 
but the sensation of her fingers taking sweet 
liberties with my sex.  I begged until I felt a sharp 
pain in my sex and realized she was stretching my 
opening further than it was meant to go, and then, 
suddenly, I was begging her to stop.  I opened my eyes 
and I was greeted by a further shock.  There was Deb, 
clad in only in her panties, one hand masturbating 
herself as she looked on.  In the other hand, she held 
a video camera.  

"Wait - stop!"  I squealed.  I tried to struggle, but 
not only was I trapped, sharp pains shot from my 
overtaxed sex the more I struggled.

"Just relax Puppet," Sam said.  "You're only going to 
hurt yourself."

I obeyed.  I didn't want to, but I was helpless to do 
anything about it.  "But you're hurting me," I whined 
and then I started to cry.  

"Just relax and everything is gonna be okay little 
Puppet," Sam said.  "Just be my good little puppet 
girl and Sam will take care of everything."  Her 
fingers backed off a bit, her other hand slipped in 
front of my hips, her fingers finding my clit.  "Isn't 
this better?"

"No," I blubbered.  It didn't hurt.  Matter of fact, 
it felt very sensual, but I wasn't going to give her 
the pleasure of knowing it.

"Then tell us what it feels like."   It was Deb with 
her goddamn video camera in my face."

"Fuck you!" I spat, knowing the two of them had 
somehow tricked me from the beginning, and pain 
abruptly exploded in my cunt.  God, it was 
unbelievable.  My vision was blotted with flashes of 
darkness.  It felt like I was going to be ruined.  

"The puppet will be respectful at all times.  And she 
*will* answer the question," Sam ordered.

"Fuck, oh, it hurts.  It hurts.  Mercy Sam!  Oh please 
you're splitting me apart."  I bawled.

"Keep going," Deb said.  "And look in the camera and 
tell Deb what it feels like."

"Her hand is too big.  Oh God, and she's putting it in 
further.  Please Deb, have mercy.  Make her stop.  
Please.  You're a woman.   Please."

"How far does it feel like it's in?" Deb asked, her 
voice thick with passion.  The fingers in her panties 
danced.  The bitch!  She was getting off on my 
distress and humiliation.

"All the way.  Oh God, I think I feel it in my womb."  
Thank God it didn't hurt as much now that the largest 
part had cleared my opening.

"Are you in all the way," Deb asked Sam.

"Pretty much," Sam said.  "Come take a look."

Deb took the camera and they humiliated me further by 
documenting my stretched surrender.  "Wow, it looks 
huge in her."

"It's because she's so small," said Sam, parting the 
cheeks of my bottom.  "And look at her adorable little 
asshole.  Can you imagine what it will look like when 
it's red and gaping?"

"Oh fuck," Deb groaned.  "I'm so close baby.   Can I 
have her now?"

"Sure," Sam said.  "Be my guest."

Deb knelt down beside the couch and held the camera 
right in my face.  "Here's the deal Creampuff," she 
said.  "Sam can take her hand out and you can go home 
or you can agree to be our little puppet girl."

It was an easy choice.  "I want to go home," I 
pleaded.  This wasn't what I wanted.  Not even close.  
Just then Same tried to pull out her hand, but it 
stopped at my opening.  It was too big and it felt 
like it would kill me if it was pulled out.  All of a 
sudden being a puppet didn't sound quite so bad.  
"Wait - wait.  Ow ouch.  I want to be - I want to be 
your puppet girl."  

"Are you sure?"  That bitch was grinning.  She knew!  
There was never a choice.  It was all part of their 
cruel game.

"Yes, oh please."  Anything to stop the pain.

"Puppet girls obey."

"Yes . . . yes."

"Puppet girls give pleasure." 

"Yes. . . anything."

"Puppet girls kiss." Deb stuck out her tongue and 
wiggled it in front of my lips.

I gave in and kissed her.  The pain in my sex lessened 
immediately.  What were they doing to me?  I didn't 
even have time to wonder that I was kissing a girl.

She pulled away.  "Nice," she said.  "But puppet girls 
are more submissive.  Just accept my kiss.  I'm the 
aggressor.  Pretend you are giving my tongue a 
blowjob."

She kissed me again.  This time I realized I was 
kissing a girl.  She explored my mouth and I suckled 
at her tongue like it was a cock, just like she had 
asked.  It was humiliating, but God it set my loins on 
fire.

When she pulled away, I was sorry it was over.  "How 
was puppet's first time kissing a girl?" she asked, 
pointing the camcorder at me again.

"Okay I guess," I replied blushing.  

"Just okay," she said.  To Sam:  "She said it was okay 
she guessed."

Deb grinned; her smile fit for any crocodile.  She got 
up and placed the camcorder on a stand, pointing it at 
me.  When she returned to the couch, she knelt on it 
in front of me, but as I was bent over the arm of the 
chair this put her higher than me.  She captured my 
head between her hands, tilted it up, and ravaged me 
with her kiss, all the while Sam plundered my sex from 
behind.  I was so dazed and breathless, I didn't even 
realize she had finished.

"Did puppet like that kiss better?" Deb teased.  "Did 
it make her little puppet pussy hot?"

"Oh yeah it did baby, you should feel it," Sam replied 
from behind.  "This is one wet pussy.  She's 
positively soaked."

Deb still had my head between her hands.  She pointed 
me so that I faced the camcorder.  "Answer me puppet."

The camera lens stared straight into my soul.  "I 
liked it," I admitted.

"There is no 'I' in puppet," Deb said.  "When I ask if 
puppet likes, then puppet says, Puppet likes it, 
ma'am.  Now, does puppet like?"

"Ugh God yes ma'am puppet likes!"  I groaned.  Now, I 
don't want you to think that all of a sudden I had a 
change of heart due to the kiss and decided to 
humiliate myself in front of my two subordinates and 
God knows who else, with the tape and all.  My 
eagerness was a direct result of the fist in my sex 
battering against my womb.  I would have said anything 
to make her stop.

"Now my breasts," Deb ordered.

Her breasts were large and full, as were her areoles.  
I kissed them and tongued her stiffening nipples.  
"That's nice," Deb said.  "Does that make puppet's 
pussy hot and bothered?"

Again she pointed my head so that I faced the camera.  
This time I have to admit that I was enjoying it.  The 
combination of what Sam was doing below and what Deb 
was making me do had me dripping wet.  "Yes, puppet's 
pussy is hot and bothered. . . ma'am, I added.  

Deb smiled knowingly, slid down her panties, and 
stepped out of them before positioniing herself face 
up on the sofa with her legs spread wide.  "But it's 
time for the real thing."

Deb's musky scent filled the air.  Her thick patch of 
pubic hair was damp.  My mind shouted out that this 
wasn't right - it wasn't what I wanted - it wasn't who 
I wanted.  But the fist inside my body pushed, pulled, 
and twisted.  I had no choice; I was truly a puppet - 
her puppet.

I kissed it at first.  First along her mons and then 
along the lips of her sex.  

"Oh, she's a little teaser puppet, this one," Deb said 
to Sam.  

The hand in my pussy pressed in filling me completely 
- stuffing me like a Thanksgiving turkey.  With a 
groan as the air in my lungs was forced out from the 
inside, I began to lick albeit with trepidation.  To 
be honest; I had fantasized about doing this for Sam 
and Deb.  The fantasies turned me on, but at the same 
time they were frightening.  I worried that I wouldn't 
be good at it and I worried even more that what if I 
didn't like it.  I mean, how do you tell someone, 
sorry, but my curiosity has been satisfied.  See you 
around.

Well, that wasn't an option now.  I was helpless to do 
other than these two women wanted and right now what 
they wanted was for me to lick; which wasn't so bad, 
except for being taped and treated like I was like 
some kind of slave or something.

"That's it puppet, work my clit," Deb cooed.  "But 
back up a bit and look at the camera."

I tried to refuse, but she just hissed, "Do it bitch," 
Grabbed me by the ear and pulled and twisted until she 
was satisfied with my position.  

"Keep licking."  That was from Sam, still having her 
way deep inside of my helpless body.  I obeyed, 
snaking my tongue up and down long the folds of her 
sex.  I had gone from daddy's girl, to college girl, 
to sorority girl, all the way up to management girl.  
And now, in the span of minutes, because of one 
stupid, stupid decision, I was now porn star girl.   
Oh God, what would daddy do if he ever found out?

"Smile baby," Deb said sweetly, running her hands 
through my hair and up and down my back.

It didn't take me long to realize that there was an 
easy way and a hard way whenever I was asked to do 
something.  Either way, I would end up doing it.  I 
gazed up at Deb, plastering a fake smile on my lips, 
then another for the camera, and returned to licking 
her sex.

"Oh you should see her smile Sam," Deb said.  "She 
just loves pussy this little puppet does.  Don't you 
puppet?"

"Yes ma'am.," I answered.  She twisted my ear until I 
remembered to add.  "Puppet loves pussy."  About this 
time, the circumstances, the camcorder, the fist in my 
sex, and even the domination overpowered the remainder 
of my will.  I surrendered body and mind.  I became an 
animal. . . a puppet.

Deb must have read my expression.  "It feels good, 
doesn't it, puppet girl?  Doesn't it feel good being 
our little puppet?"

"Does puppet want to be our little lipstick lezzie 
girl?"  Deb asked, tilting my head toward the camera 
again.

"Yes," I groaned.  "Ah, ah fuck.  Puppet wants to be 
your ah - ah little lipstick lezzie girl.  Oh God your 
hand Sam!  Oh!  OH!" I dove back down, pressing my 
face deeply into Deb's sex.  She was moving faster, 
humping my face.  I just let my lower body totally 
relax.  Giving myself up to Sam's hand.  Letting her 
have her way with me.

Deb tilted my head to the camera again, only this time 
she held my cheek tightly against her sex, while she 
continued to hump her hips.  "Tell me about Sam's 
hand.  Tell me what it's doing to puppet pussy."

Her hand was in me.  Pushing, pulling, twisting, 
banging against my womb.  Oh she was a cruel woman . . 
.a beast, but a beast that owned me.  "Oh God, she's 
raping me.  Raping puppet's pussy.  Oh-oh-oh it hurts.  
Please make her stop."

Debs hips moved faster still.  Her wiry pubic hair was 
beginning to burn my cheek.  "But, you love it, don't 
you puppet?"

"No. . .. oh oh God, yes. . .."  It came out as a sob.  
"God help me I do.  I lay still between them, allowing 
them to use me.  I felt a familiar tingling in my 
extremities.  Oh, how I tried to will it away, but the 
feeling was relentless.  It would not be denied.  

"Going to cum for us now puppet?" Deb asked.  "You do 
love it, don't you?  Give us a cum.  Show us, show 
everyone, show us how much you love it."

"Oh God - oh God - ohhhhh-" I groaned.  It was 
happening.   I was coming.  I spread my legs wide, 
giving my soul to Sam's hand.  Deb pushed my face back 
in her sex, and I licked for all I was worth.  Sam 
drove me on.  Plowing me.  Exploring me.  Punishing me 
with her hand.  I came three more times before finally 
Deb's fingernails cut into my ears as she pulled my 
tightly to her sex.  

"Oh puppet, here it comes.  Don't stop.  Don't you 
dare stop!"  Deb cried.  I didn't.  I attacked her 
clit with renewed vigor.  "Oh -oh -OH FUCK!"  She 
bucked several times, before finally releasing my head 
from her thighs.  

Deb got to her feet and stretched languidly.  "God, 
but that was good!"  She kissed Sam on the lips, which 
turned into a long deep kiss.  "Thank you lover," she 
beamed, totally ignoring me, the person who had given 
her the pleasure.  Then she took the camcorder off the 
tripod.

Meanwhile, I was still held fast by Sam's hand.  

"Just try to relax," Sam said, and then she began to 
work her hand free.  

Now that the flames of my desires had cooled, the 
pleasure from before, when I was coming, well the 
pleasure was gone and now it felt like mostly pain.  
My pussy was raw and stretched.  It had been 
traumatized.  Probably ruined.  But, thank God, Sam 
was gentle removed it as tenderly as possible.  I 
cried out when it finally pulled free and the shock of 
cold air hitting my insides burned my delicate 
linings.  Oh God, I was truly ruined.  I could no 
longer close my sex.  My hole was now a HOLE.  How was 
I going to explain this at the hospital?  I slipped 
and fell?

"Don't move," Deb warned.  There was no need to warn.  
In my state . . . I was in no hurry.

All of a sudden, the feeling of cold plastic touching 
my sex, caused me to gasp in shock.  Dear Lord, it was 
the lens of the camera.

"Close your puppet pussy," Deb said.

I tried, but it was useless.  Oh God, I prayed I 
wasn't ruined forever.

"What's wrong," Deb asked.

"I c-can't," I cried, and then I cried even louder 
when my labia was tugged sharply.

":Puppet can't," Deb corrected.

I had prayed that things would start to return to 
normal after they had been satisfied, but clearly they 
hadn't.  "Puppet can't."  I corrected.

"Get on your knees, puppet," Sam said.

I did so.  But they weren't satisfied until I knelt 
before them, with my legs spread wide and my fingers 
laced behind my neck.  All the while, the camera 
continued to film my humiliation.

"You know something puppet," Deb said.  "All the other 
Creampuffs we've turned into little hand puppets 
decided to run off after the first night.  Oh sure, 
we've got memories."  She pointed to the tapes around 
the TV.  There were around thirty of them.  All with a 
girl's name and date.  "But memories can only go so 
far."

Sam continued where Deb left off.  "And then Deb came 
to me with the best idea.  There was this cute little 
cream-puff, who we just so happened to work for.  I 
said, Deb, what are you trying to do lover, get us 
fired?"

Deb said, "And I said, hell no.  Once she gets the 
puppet treatment, who's she going to tell with this 
tape floating around?  A tape like this would ruin her 
little cream puff world.  What would mommy and daddy 
think?  What about her friends or co-workers?  Hmmm, 
to hear the little sweet Cream-puff begging to be our 
little hand puppet?"

Tears welled in my eyes and began to fall.  There was 
no way I could let the tape get out, yet the 
alternative was even worse.  I was ruined . . . 
sexually and socially.

Sam said, "So, what's it gonna be puppet?  You gonna 
be our permanent puppet girl?   Or does the tape go 
out?"

The price was too high to pay.  "The tape goes out," I 
sobbed.  I was blubbering.  My life was over.

"There- there, puppet," Deb pressed in close, running 
her hands through my long hair.  A nice gesture if she 
hadn't been naked and my face wasn't pressed into her 
crotch.  "Don't worry about her," she said.  To Sam:  
"See, I told you she wouldn't go for it."

My heart leapt, even as she pulled me in tighter to 
her crotch.  I allowed her, and strangely, I could 
feel myself getting turned on again.  

"Okay puppet," Deb said.  "Here's my very last offer.  
You come over here every Saturday at five o'clock.  
You do everything we say.  When we are done with you, 
just like tonight, you can leave.   How's that sound, 
puppet?"

One night a week?  To be totally owned for one night 
out of seven in exchange for my social standing.  I 
could keep my job.  I wouldn't have to explain to my 
friends or family.  I could even keep my boyfriend.

"Yes, ma'am," I answered.  "Puppet will do it."

"That's my puppet," Deb cooed.  "Now, give your lovers 
a kiss to seal the deal."

I tried to stand, but she held me down with a hand to 
my shoulder.  

"No," Deb said.  "We're lovers."  She pointed to 
herself and then to Sam.  And then they kissed very 
lovingly.  I felt a twinge of jealousy.  

"These are your lovers."  Deb smiled wickedly, and 
then pointed to her lush bush and to Sam's sticky 
hand.  "And you better convince them you mean it."

I burned with humiliation.  Even more so since my 
degradation was still being filmed.  But, I knew that 
I had no choice.  I had to do it . . . and be 
believable.  So I kissed each joint of Sam's knuckles 
and sucked on her thumb and index finger.  I should 
have been completely mortified, but I found myself 
growing decidedly aroused.  Then, I reached my hands 
around Deb and grabbed her soft bottom.  I pretended I 
was kissing my boyfriend and kissed her plump sex like 
my long lost lover.  

"Enough, puppet," Deb said.

Sam tossed my dress and heels.  "Get dressed puppet, 
we need some privacy."

"But-" I needed my underwear.  I needed a shower.

"But?" Deb raised her eyebrows.  "Okay, *but* we are 
also going to play with you at work sometimes.  Any 
other buts?"

"No ma'am," I answered hurriedly, quickly putting on 
my dress and heels.  "Puppet understands." 

********

I was driving home, keeping the car under the speed 
limit.  No way, I wanted to be stopped in the state I 
was in.  

I understood what Deb had said.  I understood all to 
well.  And further disobedience or procrastination on 
my end would change the deal and the deal was bad 
enough as it was. I dreaded the thought of what they 
had in mind to do to me at work.  Why didn't I just 
leave and keep my big mouth shut?  And just keep 
things with one day a week at their apartment.  What 
would they do?  Would they call me puppet in front of 
the other employees?  What would they do when my 
boyfriend came to visit?  

Oh Lord, I should have been mortified, yet instead I 
was growing hot.  My cunt was sore.  It hurt to sit, 
much less walk.  I pushed my skirt to my hips and 
touched my aching flesh.  God, what had she done to 
me?  Well, at least my opening had closed back up.  
Mostly.   Oh, it would surely hurt too much to 
masturbate, or would it?

The end

*******

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





