BDSM Library - Stalked




Stalked
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lea finds out that one man's obsession with her will bring her more pain than she ever imagined.
Stalked

She knew that it would not end. It always happened this way. Months of silence
and security broken with a single incident. As long as the bastard drew breath
he would hunt her, this she knew and accepted. Since the moment, he entered her
life he has found ways to destroy her.

She met James when she was still young and naive enough to think that people
were always honest and truthful about their intentions and that everyone had a
good side to them. She never knew that this very sentiment would be her
downfall. She saw him as a guy who had never been cared for or nurtured. She
tried time after time to show him compassion but it never worked. It always
ended up with her in danger.

He was a very cold and callous man. He enjoyed making others suffer, as he
delusionally believed he had suffered. Anyone who tried to get close to him
would only be fed a diet of venomous words and harsh threats. She had felt his
wrath many times. The only thing that saved her was the distance between them.

It had been several months since she had heard from him in any form. The silence
was always welcomed. It was on a beautiful autumn day that it all came crashing
down. She was leaving work early, getting ready for a long trip to see her
cousin and the newest addition to the family.

She walked through the parking lot thinking about all the things she had to
finish before she left that night. She opened her car door and noticed something
unusual.

She saw a dozen roses and a box on the driver's seat. A card was attached to
them. She stood there staring at her car, lost in thought. Suddenly she jumped
as she felt a hand upon her left shoulder. She pulled away as she turned to see
who it was.

There stood Cathy looking almost as startled as she was. "What's wrong?" Lea
just stood there shaking for a moment as she calmed down.

"I came out and found roses on the seat... She pointed at the flowers. She could
not imagine who would do such a thing. An icy cold chill gripped her. "Could it
be....? James...." she thought to herself. Suddenly she had to know. She reached
in and took the card.

She stood there in horror reading the words written inside. "Roses are
red...Violets are blue... Say your prays slut... I am coming to get you." She
dropped the card to the ground as tears began to stream down her cheeks. She
knew in her heart it was him.

Cathy picked up the card and read it over. She pulled out her cell phone and
handed it to Lea. "Oh my god Lea you better call the cops. Do you know who this
is from?" Lea just stood there shaking. She was too terrified to even say his
name. She looked around the parking lot. He had to be close by, but nothing
looked unusual.

She reached in the car and grabbed the package. She cautiously opened the box.
Inside were photographs of her taken over the past few days. She was terrified.
She dropped the box on the ground. She stood there with tears running down her
cheeks. She knew he was very close.

Cathy took the phone back and called the police department. Lea did not say much
as they waited for them to arrive. Cathy tried to keep her calm but nothing was
working. Lea knew in her heart this time he was going to make good on all the
promises he had made in the past.

Lea filled out a report while Cathy waited for her to finish. She offered to
follow her home but Lea told her to go on. It was a typical reaction for her to
try not to drag others in on these things.

She pulled into the driveway. Things looked normal. She pulled the mace from her
purse before getting out of the car. Thinking to herself that she would gather
up her things and quickly head out again.

On the way to the door she tripped, landing on the dampened ground next to the
flowers that lined the front of the house. Now she had to shower and change
before she could go. She sighed and went into the house, locking the door behind
her.

Everything seemed to be in its place. It was a relief. Maybe this was just a
prank by someone other than James. She went to the kitchen and poured herself a
glass of chilled red wine before going to her room. Quickly she grabbed the
remote, turned on the stereo, and entered the bathroom leaving the door open.

She sat the wine glass on the edge of the sink and began to undress. She tossed
her clothing into the hamper and walked to the tub. Humming to the music, she
leaned over and turned the water on, sticking her hand under the running water
to test the temperature. Then the lavender crystals were added, making the room
smell sweet.

Before she could stand up again she heard the wine glass break. Within seconds,
her head was plunged into the water. She gasped and struggled for air. Her
flailing did not seem to help her. Her head was quickly yanked back from the
tub. She gasped and sputtered as she coughed up the water. Still within the
grasp of her unseen attacker. She tried to scream but his hand quickly went for
her throat, closing off her airways.

His voice was calm but firm as he spoke to her. "Listen to me Lea and you won't
get hurt nearly as bad. Don't get me wrong you will still feel a lot of pain...
but the more you anger me the worse it will be.

His fingers tightened further around her throat. Her naked, trembling body soon
fell limp in his arms. He drug her to the bed and duct taped her mouth shut.

He returned to the bathroom to turn off the water. When he walked back in she
was still out cold. He undressed, never taking his eyes off her. His thick 9 1/2
inch cock stood erect. He had waited so long for this moment to come.

He parted her legs. The soft skin felt so good against his rough palm. He stared
at the unconscious beauty before him. He had to wait. He wanted her to feel the
full joy of his touch as he made her completely his.

He pulled the smelling salts from his jacket and knelt on the bed between her
legs. He yanked her head up by her hair and shoved them under held them under
her nose. Groggy and confused she slowly opened her eyes. They widened as they
came into focus and she saw him looming over her. She tried to scream but the
tape gag stifled it.

She could feel his stiff manhood prodding at the warm flesh. She was terrified.
His words suddenly echoed in her head. She knew to try to resist would only make
matters worse. He was much stronger than she was and would easily overpower her.

She stared up into his cold dark eyes. She could see the evil gleam as he glared
down at her, licking his lips. He loved the fear that she displayed for him as
the tears ran down her cheeks. It would just heighten his enjoyment of the
evening's activities.

"Don't you fucking move you fucking whore?" He sat up. His throbbing cock in his
left hand. The right planted firmly on her stomach. He lined the head up with
her velvety slit and forced his entire length into her in a single stroke.

Her body jerked as she tried to pull away from him but his hand held her down.
He dug his fingers into her soft skin. The shriek she let out only made him want
more.

He placed his hands above her shoulders to keep her from moving forward. He had
her trapped beneath him as he violently began to thrust into her. Her eyes
widened as each move made her wince. He was tearing her apart. Her shoulders
slammed against his arms as he forced himself deep inside.

She could feel the blood flowing as he broke deeper inside her. She twisted and
jerked from the intense pain. He could feel her entire body shaking. This just
made him thrust harder and faster. He loved watching her like this, to see the
fear and pain reflected in her eyes. He gripped her shoulders and pushed her
down into his bucking hips. Each thrust lifted her ass from the bed.

He was not done. Not by a long shot. He wanted her completely broken. He pulled
out roughly. She lay there shaking and sobbing.

He reached over to the nightstand. The drawer was filled with her toys. He took
the largest of the bunch, a 10 inch long 2 inch thick hard plastic viberator and
the next largest, a 8 1/2 inch 2 1/2 inch thick blue jelly vibrator and tossed
them on the bed.

He watched her tense. She would fight this. They both knew it. He reached for
the handcuffs. She squirmed as he pinned her down with his knee. She groaned
loudly.

The metal bracelets quickly were secured around her wrists so tight they were
digging into her skin. She was at his mercy now. He yanked her arms up to the
bedpost and slipped the cuffs over it, leaving her helpless to struggle.

His blood stained cock throbbed. He grabbed the black vibe. She felt the head of
it pressing hard against her tight dark hole. With a very brutal thrust it was
embedded about 2/3 of the way inside her. She let out a blood-curdling scream
into the tape gag.

He forced her legs further apart and turned the vibe on high. He then proceeded
to slam it deep inside her. She tried to pull away but it was futile. He picked
up the thick jelly vibe and turned it on high before ramming it into her cunt.

She yelped and squirmed. Her tight hole feeling as if it was being ripped open.
His cock was aching now. He jammed his fingers into her, pushing the vibe deeper
in before he began to prod her with the bloodstained head of his cock.

She wanted to beg, to stop him from this insanity. It was too late. He began to
force himself in. The vibe and his cock filling her past her limits. The pain
coursing through her, causing her to shake. He moaned loudly as a steady stream
of obscenities rushed from him.

"Awe yeah that's it. Take it you fucking whore. Moan bitch. You know you like
it. You cock sucking slut. Oh fuck yes. You are such a fucking whore you know
you love this" He jammed her head against the headboard repeatedly.

Tears streamed down her cheeks. Both holes were already a bloody mess. He didn't
care. He pulled out and looked at his drenched shaft, then to her face. No pity,
No remorse. Only completely sadistic lust gleamed in his eyes.

He slipped a hand over to the stand again, picking up the razor sharp knife he
placed there earlier. He had shown it to her for a moment before he grabbed her
by the hair. She began to panic. Her first thoughts were that he was going to
slit her throat.

He sliced through the tape and her lower lip. He had split it wide open.  He
licked the blood from the cold steel blade before he tossed it aside.

She begged him to stop only for a second before his massive shaft was plunged
into her throat. She choked around it. Its girth closing off her throat so she
could not breathe. She struggled as he began to rape her mouth. The metallic
tang of the blood on his cock made her feel as if she would throw up. He yanked
her hair brutally as he fucked her mouth, the blood from her lip lubricating his
cock.

She was twitching, her body aching from the abuse he had been inflicting on her.
She soon felt as if she would black out. He saw her eyes closing and pulled out,
slapping her hard across the face. She came to quickly and began to scream. His
cock filling her open mouth. She nearly threw up.

He savagely thrust into her mouth a few more times before he pulled out and shot
his load over her face. Laughing as he milked his cock over her. "Oh no bitch
this isn't over yet. Don't get excited. I am going to cum in every hole a few
times"

He let her pass out while he went in and took a hot shower. He came back in with
a fresh towel around his waist. She was still out cold. He didn't try to wake
her. He just scooped her up in his arms and walked into the bathroom, returning
to the tub he filled with cold water before he went to get her.

He removed the vibes from her before he dropped her into the tub, laying her so
her head would quickly slip into the cold water. She awoke sputtering and
coughing as she sat up. The cold water stinging her warm body and the cuts on
it.

He crouched down and uncuffed her hands. He then tossed the body wash at her. He
loomed over her and watched as she shivered. She glared up at him for a moment
before he drew back his hand, ready to backhand her as he growled, "clean
yourself off you fucking whore. If you don't do a good enough job you will get
much worse than what you have already had."

She began to wash herself. She cleaned herself as best she could as she suffered
from the cold water. He watched her, showing the first signs of compassion ever.
He smiled and started to drain the water out. He helped her up and walked her to
the shower. He turned on the warm water so she could wash her hair, which was
matted with blood from her lip. He dropped the towel and got in with her.

She was numb emotionally and did not respond very much. He poured the shampoo
onto her hair and began to wash it for her. He was so gentle as he noticed how
she did not resist him now. She was broken and he could see it. He helped her
rinse off and she turned the water off when he finished. He got out and toweled
himself off. She dried off without a word and stood there. Tears began to stream
down her cheeks. She did not say a word or make a sound.

He saw this and was quickly angered. This was not acceptable. She was his now.
She would accept it and do so without resistance or objection. He walked over
and backhanded her as hard as he could. She felt the blood from her nose running
down her face. She fell to the floor, her knees buckling as she sits there. She
grabs the towel and holds her head back.

The blood soaked into the towel as she sat there for a moment. She finally got
it to stop. He growled at her as he yanked her to her feet. "Why do you have to
be so bad slut? Do you think I like hitting you like this?"

She just shook her head as her gaze dropped. He drug her back to the bedroom
where he pushed her face down against the bed. She did not have a chance to move
when he pounced on her. He stretched her arms out behind her and cuffed her. She
laid there helpless.

He slipped his arm under her waist and lifted her hips. His cock was already
painfully hard. The head of it jabbed at her hole as he positioned her. Her face
was forced into the pillow. She could barely breathe as he began to violently
thrust deep inside her.

She loudly yelped as he once again began to tear her open. She tried to inch
forward, to keep him from driving so deep. He just pulled her back brutally as
he grunted. His fingers dug into her as he fucked her pussy with all his might.

His cock slick with her blood slipped from her wet hole and moved to her ass.
The resistance was weak at best, as he forced in with a single thrust. He loved
the tight warmth of her ass. He began to brutally slam into her. She gasped for
air as he would pull back, giving her a moment to get enough air to sustain her.

He reached down and pulled her up by the throat. Her body was beginning to go
limp in his embrace. His fingers tightly wrapped around her throat, cutting off
the air supply slowly. He groans in her ear, "Mmmm that's it bitch don't fight
it, just relax and let me fuck you like the worthless slut you are"

Nearly losing consciousness, she tries to speak, to beg him, only a hushed
whisper escapes "Jamessssss...." Her eyes close as he releases his grip on her
throat. She gasps loudly and draws in a deep breath. He rips his cock from her
ass and pushes her down on the bed. His fingers digging into her shoulder as he
rolls her onto her back.

She gazes up at him pleadingly. Her eyes focusing once again upon him. She
parted her lips to speak, but the back of his hand connected with her cheek
before anything could be said. He shoved his cock deep into her cunt with a
single stroke. She felt as if she was being torn apart from his animalistic
strokes.

He growled at her "Bitch I am going to make sure everyone knows what a nasty
little slut you are...." He grunted as he drove his cock deeper. She felt him
throbbing inside her. Once again, He was going to make her bleed.

She closed her eyes only to be slapped again across the face. "Keep it up bitch
and I will leave you with more than just the bruises and scars from this" She
looked at him with wide-eyed curiosity. He couldn't mean what she thought he
did. He shoved his cock deep inside her as he shot another sticky warm load into
her cunt.

"Mmmm a few more times of that and we both know what will happen don't we." He
pulled out of her. As she opened her mouth to speak, he shoved his half-limp
cock into her mouth. "Now suck it clean slut. You know you love it. You can't
get enough cock. We both know it."

She closed her eyes and sucked hesitantly. She knew his patience was wearing
thin with her already. Once he felt she had done enough he got up, leaving her
lay on her back. The metal cuffs digging into her wrists as well as her back
from the position he left her in.

She laid there sobbing as she wondered what he planned next. She was terrified
to think, but the thought that scared her most was the thought of him
impregnating her. He returned after what seemed like an eternity with a glass of
water.

He rolled her over onto her side and uncuffed her hands just long enough to move
her arms. Quickly she was cuffed to the headboard once again. He lifted her head
and held the glass to her lips. "Drink it. I don't want you getting dehydrated
on me. I still have a lot of plans for you"

She swallowed some of the water down before he pulled it away and dropped her
head. He kissed her on the forehead and set the glass down on the stand next to
the bed. He then lay down next to her, his hand upon her breast as he moved
closer. The sick bastard held her as he fell asleep.

In the morning when He awoke, he was ready to go for a third round of cruel sex.
He forced her legs apart as he abruptly awakened her. She gasped loudly,
startled by the vile intrusion as his cock ripped into her pussy once again. It
still ached from the pounding it took hours before.

He moaned loudly as he relentlessly fucked her. He threw her legs up on his
shoulders and forced her to take him as deep as he could go. Soon his cock was
lubricated again with her blood. He moaned as he looked down watching his blood
streaked cock push into her.

He occasionally looked at her face. Seeing the horror and pain on her face just
aroused him more. He could not get enough of her terror. He soon lost control
and filled her cunt with another blast of his potent seed.

He pulled out of her once again. She could feel the cum and blood seeping out of
her. She closed her eyes, praying for death to take her before he could continue
the sick game of his. He walked over to the dresser and picked up a candle, lit
it and walked back to her.

He held it inches above her breasts and tilted it. The hot wax soon flowed onto
her skin, causing her to jump and cry out. He laughed at her pain and poured
more wax onto her chest. He trailed it down her body... over her stomach, down
to her abused pussy. "OH GOD NO" she cried out as he moved the candle less than
an inch from her shaved pussy.

"Shut the fuck up bitch" he hissed as he positioned her and tilted the candle
sending a painful surge through her as the wax covered her clit. She screamed
loudly. "Don't make me hold the flame to it... now shut the fuck up."

Each drip of the wax on the abused flesh made her bite down hard on her lower
lip to keep herself from screaming. The sadistic fuck began to finger her pussy.
He pressed up on her inner walls as he curled his fingers. His cock was already
starting to grow hard again.

He sat the candle on the stand and picked up the knife. The cold steel blade was
soon against her skin. He meticulously peeled the wax off her with its razor
sharp edge. Every once in a while purposely nicking her skin, especially her
clit.

When he finished he uncuffed her and drug her to the bathroom. "We can't have
you getting infected now can we slut." He pushed her down onto the floor, went
to the medicine cabinet, and retrieved the bottle of rubbing alcohol.

He opened the bottle as he stood over her. He dumped some of the cold liquid on
her. "Rub it in bitch.... NOW" Her hands moved over her body, tears streaming
down her cheeks. He then splashed some on her clit. He didn't wait for her hand
to move there. He poured some more into his palm and held it on her clit,
rubbing it hard and fast.

She could not hold it in any longer. Her entire body jerking as she screamed
loudly. He threw the bottle at her and quickly grabbed her by the throat as he
lifted her off the floor. He stared coldly into her eyes. "That's it bitch I had
been nice until now."

He forced her back to the bed, cuffing her to it, he then went to her closet. He
returned to her with a couple of belts in his hand. Using them around her
ankles, he secured them to the headboard above her head in a very painful
position. He then climbed back onto the bed, the knife in his hand.

Her eyes widened as she tensed up, unsure of his next move. Suddenly she felt
the cold steel at the opening of her cunt. He started to push it in slowly at
first, he had stretched her with his cock enough to not cut her on the initial
insertion. He began to pick up speed. His eyes fixed on the site of her torn
apart fuck hole swallowing the blade.

He started to twist the knife, letting it scrape her sides. Blood poured out of
her as he withdrew the knife. He then slid his throbbing cock inside her and
began to fuck her vigorously. She tried not to make a sound but the pain was
intense.

He was soon feeling his balls tightening. It was better than he imagined. He
couldn't hold back very long before he filled her with his cum again. He
collapsed against her, panting and sweating. He grabbed her hair and pulled her
head up. His tongue forced into her mouth as he kissed her passionately. His
cock still buried to the hilt inside her.

"No one is ever gonna fuck you like I do. You should have just given me what I
wanted and I wouldn't have had to hurt you like this." He pulled out untied her,
carrying her to the bathroom to clean her up again, whispering in her ear "Now
next time baby you are going to fuck me back without fighting me aren't you."

She didn't answer. She was in shock that he did this to her. The blood and cum
was leaking out of her still when he shoved her in the shower. "Clean up bitch.
I am not done with you... and if you don't get that cunt clean enough I will
dump the rest of that bottle of alcohol in it"

She scrubbed as best she could but she was starting to feel light headed. He
waited in the bedroom to hear her turn off the water. He walked back in, made
her put one foot up on the side of the tub, and spread herself open in front of
him so he could see if she was clean enough. She stared at the floor completely
ashamed.

He ordered her back to the bed. He lay on his back and smiled at her. The knife
lay beside him, within easy reach. His cock was once again standing erect as he
waited for her. "Climb on you are going to ride me like a good slut aren't you"

He had finally broken her completely. She knew he would kill her. Deep down she
wondered if it would be better if he did. He held the base of his cock while she
straddled him. Once the head was inside, he grabbed her sides and roughly pulled
her down, impaling her on his cock. She whimpered loudly.

"You better show me you enjoy it bitch or I am going to fist your ass." She
stared at him in disbelief. He had just raped and beaten her repeatedly and now
she was expected to enjoy it. She tried her hardest to pretend but she was so
dizzy she nearly fell over on top of him a few times. He was growing angry by
it. His cock was once again coated in her blood as her body moved like a rag
doll, being jolted and forced up and down on his cock.

Soon it went black. She awoke sometime later to the sound of a monitor beeping.
She tried to focus but the bright light made her squint. Her eyes adjusted and
she saw she was in a hospital bed. The nurse smiled at her reassuringly as she
whispered "Don't worry dear you are safe now. Your boyfriend found you and
brought you here. He is waiting in the hall... let me go get him" As the nurse
left she watched in terror as James walked in and boldly said "Oh sweetheart I
was so worried I was going to lose you......"

It had seemed like it was all a bad dream. The entire time she was in the
hospital Lea felt that false security in the change that James had shown. He
seemed to genuinely care for her now. He played the role of the loving boyfriend
so well in front of others. She didn't dare tell anyone that he was the one who
brutalized her. She knew it would only result in her death.

Finally, the faithful day came when she was released from the hospital and into
his care. On the way home, she could see the facade slipping away quickly as he
drove toward her house.

"Now maybe you will learn that you are truly mine you stupid fucking cunt" he
hissed.

Her heart nearly stopped as the words hung in the air. She just lowered her head
and nodded. He grabbed her by the back of the neck. His fingers squeezed tightly
as she squeaked.

His voice was so stern, so hate driven as he snarled "Answer me you fucking
whore"

"Yes... James" she whispered.

 She knew not to fight him in this. He would only harm her worse if she did. He
passed the exit and kept on driving without a word. He finally released her
neck, shoving her forward hard as he could. She threw her hands up to shield
face but she wasn't quick enough. Her face slammed into the dashboard with a
loud thud. Silently tears streamed down her face as she sat back.

 "Whore... didn't you learn anything?" He pulled the car onto the highway, still
firmly gripping her. He laughed as he looked over at her as he saw the trickle
of blood was flowing from her lip. She wiped it with the back of her hand, not
daring to make a sound. Mile after mile of scenery went past as she stares out
the window.


She had no idea where he was taking her but she knew it couldn't be good.
Finally after about 2 hours he pulled off the highway and into a small secluded
little town reminiscent of an old Andy Griffith episode. He coldly said, "I need
to get gas... so keep your fucking mouth shut or I swear I will kill you where
you sit".

Lea just nodded silently. Her hair hung down in front of her face, hiding the
reminder of the horrors she had already endured. He reached over and put his
hand on the back of her head. She flinched, figuring it was another brutal shove
into the dash, instead he stroked her hair lovingly.

 He turned into a little full service gas station near the railroad tracks. A
very kind looking middle-aged man came to his window. James rolled the window
down the rest of the way and spoke to the man.

"Fill it up please," James said with a smile.

"Ok Sir." the attendant replied as he quickly made his way around to the pump.



James turned to Lea and hushly whispered. "I am going in to get us both
something to drink. You better not say a word to him or I will make you wish you
never born my dear."

He turned her face toward his to look into her eyes. He could see his words
registering as she cowered in the seat. The man grabbed the squeegee and walked
around to wash the windshield.

James knew the importance of keeping up the facade. He leaned in and softly
kissed her on the lips, nipping the battered lower one. James went inside. Every
few minutes he would look out at the car to make sure she wasn't about to
disobey. The attendant noted the strange behavior in both of them. There had to
be a reason she acted so terrified of this guy.

As he moved around to her side of the car, he softly asked, "Are you ok Ma'am"

She looked up at him and nodded silently. Her hair fell back from her face
revealing her split lip and other various marks that hadn't quite disappeared.
His eyes widened as he studied her face. He could see the fear in her eyes as
she heard the tinkle of the bells on the door. She quickly looked away again.
James grew angry but choked back his reaction. There would be time for that
later.

He walked over to the window and held out a bottle of Aquafina. He knew that was
the only kind she drank. He knew just about everything there was to know about
her likes and dislikes. In his mind, he loved her in a way no one else ever
could.

He smiled confidently at the guy, looking at the nametag on his shirt he said
"Well George how much do I owe you? I know she's anxious to get out by the lake
and relax after all she's been through."

He stepped back and spoke in a more hushed concerned tone as he told him "She
has been through so much since she got attacked. I thought a change of scenery
would help her recover. The doctor said it may help"

George just nodded and looked over at the pump. "That will be $17.50 please"

James paid the man and walked around the car. He opened the door. "Have a nice
day George" he casually remarked as he climbed into the car.

 He didn't even look at Lea until he had pulled away from the station. He was
eerily calm in her opinion. She sipped her water and glanced over at him from
time to time. The car came to a stop at a lonely intersection. "So what did you
tell him you fucking cock sucking whore... hmmm?"

She looked at him in terror. Lea stammered "I... I... Swear James... I didn't
say... anything" She looked at him pleadingly. It was all she could do not to
break down and start sobbing.

She knew he would never believe her. He could see she was truly scared. James
knew she could tell he wasn't bluffing. He reached out to her. His hand landed
against her cheek as he stared into her eyes. She froze, looking like a scolded
child hoping to appease an angry parent.

He lightly slapped her cheek as he shook his head.  He knew deep down she had
not betrayed him.  Her mind could not help but wander. Was he leading her off to
her death? Was that the final chance she had to escape and live through this
ordeal. She wanted to beg for his leniency.

He looked over at her, relishing the fearful

pensive look that crossed her face. She possessed such an anguished beauty. He
knew that only he could release this side of her. It was so pure... so delicate.
Only he could truly appreciate it.

It was nearly dark when the car rolled to a stop in front of a small cottage in
a desolate little clearing amongst the pines. She could hear the water lapping
at the pier just a few yards from where he parked. Here no one would hear her
screams.


He shut off the ignition and looked at her. The fading sunlight illuminated her
just enough for him to admire the subtleties of her form. He sat there and
studied her for a moment. His mind was filled with devilish plans to use her.


He slipped out of the car. The door closed with a loud slam that echoed into the
darkness that was closing in. Soon... he thought... soon that silence would be
broken with the rise and fall of her sweet voice.

He opened her car door. Lea reluctantly slid out of the car and stood beside
him. She dared not speak. She followed him, staying no more than a few footsteps
behind him as they approached the door. He opened the door and she followed him
in.
         

It was a quaint little place. She could tell it was a vacation rental from the
sparse decorations inside. He turned on the lights on his way through to the
living room. She continued to follow him, checking out her new surroundings.

He pointed over at the large blue chair near the massive stone fireplace.
Obediently she sat there as he went out the sliding glass side door. James
returned with a large armful of wood and began to build a fire. It was   
almost romantic in a sick twisted way.
         

Once he had a roaring fire crackling in the fireplace he went out to the car.
When he returned, he had two very large duffel bags and a few plastic grocery
bags as well.
         

She knew better than to say a word or ask anything. He remanded her to "Make
herself presentable" as she was ushered toward the bathroom door. She knew deep
down even if she pleased him, his warped sense of love would lead her to her
ultimate demise.
         

She lingered in the shower. The hot water splashing down on her skin gave her a
sense of peace. She closed her eyes and daydreamed of home. It was all brought
to a screeching halt when suddenly the warm caress of water turned to a stinging
bite of pure ice-cold water.

She cried out, startled by it. He laughed     cruelly as he watched her. His
thick cock jutted out obscenely in his pants. She quickly finished rinsing the
soap residue from her willowy body.
         

"Let me see if you cleaned yourself properly you worthless slut." He yanked her
from the shower stall. "Now one foot up on the sink and spread your pussy open"

She obeyed in hopes he would hurt her less. His rough fingertip brushed over her
moist flesh before he raised it to his lips.  The scent of fear and her sex was
completely intoxicating to him.
         

"Now dry off and get back into the living room." He abruptly replied before
exiting the bathroom.

She dried off and wrapped the thick red cotton towel around her body.  Her
clothes that she had taken off had disappeared from the bathroom floor. She
could only assume he moved them.

He snatched it off her naked body when he saw her. She could see the rage
flaring in his eyes as he glared coldly at her. She was so frightened she could
not move.
         

"Did I tell you to cover up you stupid fucking bitch?....Did I?" He drew his
hand back.
         

"N...no." she murmured quietly as she braced herself.


His hand connected with her cheek turning her head as he struck.  "Unless I tell
you otherwise you are to stay naked you cock sucker." He growled as he grabbed
her by the hair. He shoved her toward the kitchen. She fell onto the cold tile
floor with a loud thud. He stepped over her as she gathered herself up and tried
to stand.

He pushed her back to her knees. She sighed softly and knelt there at his feet.
The bulge in his pants still quite obvious as he stood before her. He barked out
"Suck me NOW"

Her hands shook as they unfastened his pants. She quickly freed his cock and
wrapped her lips around its angry red head. She began to suck on him as she
inched his engorged shaft into her mouth. His hands quickly moved to grip the
back of her head as he forced into her. She whimpered loudly as he smashed into
her battered lips.

Her lip split open again. The blood trickled from the gash, lubricating his cock
with a thin red streak and dripping down her chin. She flinched from the pain of
it. Her soft wet sobs and gags only made him fuck her mouth harder. His eyes
closed as he thrust in hard and fast.

He grunted and groaned as he felt her struggle to pull back slightly. The
thought of swiftly punishing her for resisting made him throb in her mouth. The
bloody saliva mixture made his cock so slick as her lips massaged it. He pushed
her hard, sending her flying back and hitting her head on the cabinets behind
her.


She laid there motionless as he laughed. He pulled his pants down and stepped
out of them. His hands landed on either side of her as he knelt between her
legs. His eyes, dull and cold, as he peered into hers. She was pinned painfully
at an angle with the cabinet handle jabbing into her neck. He moved his face
closer to hers. Lea could feel his hot breath on her skin as he spoke

"Now you are going to feel only a little of the pain a slut like you deserves...
next time you will learn to obey bitch"

He picked her legs up and put them against his chest. Her body bent in half as
he reached down and jammed the length of his cock into her cunt as hard as he
could. She bit down hard on her lower lip to keep from screaming.

It muffled the sound some but succeeded also in making her lip bleed even more.
With each brutal thrust, her body was jolted back into the cabinets. Tears
rolled down her cheeks as she sobbed. He pounded her even harder. His steady
assault on her bruised cunt made it ache.

The pointy metal hardware on the cabinets dug into her back, leaving red streaks
all along her back. Her body limply banged into the doors each time he bore deep
into her. They clattered loudly behind her. She dared not look at him. If he saw
the fear in her eyes, it would only infuriate him further.

He loved the way she looked to him, so full of lust and torment. Her face was
contorted with pain. In her eyes, he could see the pleasure she tried so hard to
suppress. He swore that she loved it. He vowed to himself she would admit it
freely if it was the last thing she did. With each ragged, sobbing breath she
released he heard a moan.

He knew she loved it. In his delusional mind, she only did this to make him fuck
her harder. That was what she wanted. It was what all of them wanted but would
never openly admit.

To him all women were whores who liked to be treated like it. For her to deny
him that was unforgivable. If she wouldn't give into him, she would give into
her own dark lusts and cum for him one way or another.

She whimpered loudly. He seemed to ignore the pain he inflicted with each
animalistic thrust of hips. The sound of her voice, so weak yet so seductive to
him, drove him to fuck her harder.

Suddenly he felt her body begin to twitch. He did not know it was from the cuts
on her back. He thought to himself that it has finally happened. She had finally
started to give in to him. He groaned as he felt his balls begin to tighten.

James thrust in deep a final time. His cock twitched inside her as he deposited
another load of his thick seed deep inside her. She silently prayed that it
would not bring about creation, knowing it would only make matters worse.

He pulled out of her. She awaited the usual command to suck him clean but was
surprised when he just stared at her silently. Was he waiting for her obedience?

James cocked his head as he saw the blood splattered on the tiles around her
firm round ass. He extended his hand to her. Lea resistant accepted his help and
stood up on wobbly legs. He spun her around and nearly knocked her off balance.

He looked at the blood streaks that painted her back. He shook his head for a
moment. She did not move, knowing that it would quickly bring his mood back to
cruel. He grabbed her hand roughly and led her to the bedroom without saying a
word.

Part of her harbored a deep dread, thinking that he was going to chain her up
and prepare her for more torture.

"Lay on your stomach." He requested in a tone much gentler than he had displayed
all night.

She quickly obeyed him and lay upon the bed. Lea closed her eyes and prepared
herself for the worse. She heard him leave the room momentarily. She trembled in
fear as she awaited his return.

He sat down on the edge of the bed next to way she laid. She felt the soft damp
washcloth dabbing the sore tears in her flesh. He was so gentle and loving as he
cleaned up the blood.

She remained motionless as his hand then moved down her body. He slipped it
between her legs and began to wipe away the leaking seminal fluids. She did not
resist his touch. Her legs spread slowly for him. He watched with growing
interest as she presented her abused pussy to him.

He disappeared back into the bathroom for a couple minutes to rinse out the
cloth before continuing. Once again, he tenderly began to clean her delicate
flesh. He noticed how her body reacted to the softness of his touch.

Her body could not help but succumb to the caress of the warm cloth. It was so
soothing and almost arousing. He continued as he noticed her hips lifting
slightly from the bed. James could tell she was enjoying it. He laid the washrag
aside and began to trace his fingertip over her vaginal lips.

They bloomed for him for the first time. He could feel her arousal growing as
the heat emanated from her tender hole. Her clit was beginning to poke out
slightly, signaling her submission to his touch. He gently strummed his finger
over it.

Lea tried to stop herself but the feeling spread slowly through her and infected
her entire body. The complacentness quickly washed away some of the anger and
fear that he had instilled in her.

He manipulated the little nub with his thumb as the tip of his finger traced up
and down her lips, feeling them grow wetter as he stroked them.

Lea continued to struggle to maintain control over her body. It was getting hard
to by the minute. She bit down hard on her lip as she tried to stifle a moan
that tried to break free but she was too late.

Hearing her sent him into a frenzy of desire. He knew if he continued he would
make her cum for him just as he had desired. He began to push two fingers in and
out of her, curving them to hit all the right spots.

Her body began to move every so slightly. He could feel her heating up as he
picked up the pace. It didn't take long before he could feel her juices seeping
out of her as his fingers moved in and out.

He was getting so hard watching her body accept his touch in such a way. He had
never before seen her so aroused. Finally, a small tremor of pleasure shook her
to her core.

"On your back now." He said as he moved back slightly.

She rolled over and looked up at him. It was a mixture of pure fear and lust in
her eyes. The orgasm had confused her. How someone who hurt her so bad could
have made her feel so good.

He moved to place his hand between her legs once again. This time she flinched.
The rage quickly boiled inside him.

"You fucking slut. Haven't you learned yet that you are mine completely?" He
struck her hard across the face.

She put her hands up to shield her face in reaction to it. James quickly climbed
on top of her. His fingers gripped her throat and began to squeeze. Lea
struggled for every breath as he stared down at her coldly. This time he
released her again before she blacked out.

"Don't you fucking move." he snarled as he climbed off her.

He left the room for a moment returning with an empty beer bottle. He stood by
the door holding the neck of it. He then smashed it against the frame.

Lea jumped at the sound. Her eyes were widened and panic struck her deeply. He
then leaned down and picked up a big piece of the shattered glass.

She shrunk back on the bed as he approached. He held the jagged piece of glass
in one hand, the neck of the broken bottle in the other. He stared coldly at
her.

"You have a fucking choice bitch. Either you lay still and don't fucking piss me
off worse while I do this... or you move and you find out what this bottle feels
like in your cunt..."

She froze in terror. He sat the broken bottle down on the mattress and spread
her legs.  Her body was rigid with fear. She let out a loud whimper as he put
shard of glass to her inner thigh just below her pussy.

She didn't dare to move as he pressed down and began to slice into her skin. He
made sure the cuts were deep enough to leave scares. She didn't look but she
could tell what he was doing.

J...A.... He continued to carve the letters into her. Tears streamed down her
cheeks as she sobbed. She tried to hold it all in but there was no way she
could. It hurt excessively much.

M...E...S She nearly passed out as he finished his handiwork. The blood streamed
down her leg and pooled on the mattress.

He laughed cruelly at her as he slapped his hand hard over the bloody letters.
She flinched as his hand connected. He went deadly silent in a flash as he
reached for the bottle.

"Oh god no please James. I am so sorry." She sobbed trying to show repentance
for her action.

He did not care. He jammed the jagged glass into her pussy lips and began to
slowly twist. He shredded the puffy pink little flaps and tore into her clit.
The intensity of it was too much for her and she soon slipped back into the
realm of unconsciousness to try to escape the reality of life.

James was not finished with her yet, not by a long shot. He discarded the bottle
fragment in the small trashcan by the bed. Her body appeared lifeless as it
limply lay on the large bed. He watched the slight rise and fall of her chest
with each breath. He climbed back onto the bed. The bright red blood poured from
the slashes.

The essence stained the bed and his knees where he knelt. He looked down at her
with great disdain. He slapped her face with all his might. Her cheek reddened
instantly where the strike landed but she did not even flinch. He drew back
again. His hand cruelly landed against her face once again. This time she began
to stir.

"Wake up you filthy fucking whore," He muttered as he grabbed her by the
shoulders and shook her like a rag doll.

She opened her eyes slowly. He drew back his clenched fist and punched her hard
in the face. Not a sound from her. He glared coldly at her. It was almost as if
she had completely given up any will she had left to live. Her eye began to
swell quickly as the bruise formed. She just dropped her head, weeping silently
as he released his grip on her shoulder

James then stood up and grabbed her by the wrist. She fell to the floor as he
yanked her out of bed. Lea stumbled to her feet and followed behind him as he
dragged her into the living room once more. The cuts on her thighs still ached
as she moved as a constant reminder of his twisted sense of love.  He flung her
down against the cold hard floor in front of the fireplace.

Her instincts to flee kicked in. She rolled onto her knees and tried to crawl
away as he turned his back to her. He was rummaging for something by the corner
of the fireplace where the poker and shovel rested. She made it half way to the
side door when he turned and saw her. Swiftly he came behind her and brought his
heel down on her spine as hard as he could. She landed against the floor as she
felt the sharp pain shoot through her body.

He crouched down and grabbed her by the ankles, dragging her face down across
the floor to the spot she previously laid.  He dug his heal into her lower back
as he picked up the handle to the tool he had searched for and shoved the metal
end into the flames. He then knelt down and rolled her over onto her back. She
was certain that he would kill her now. She had never seen him quite this angry.

He spread her legs as widely as he could and stared down at the blood that was
beginning to dry over her thighs and pussy. He then looked into her eyes. He
showed no real emotion other than a frenzied anger as he placed his balled up
fist against her opening and began to push forward as hard as he could. She bit
down on her lip to keep from screaming but it did not help. As the widest part
of his fist split her pussy open, she let out a loud shriek.

"Shut the fuck up you stupid cunt. This is what you want. You must like it when
I treat you like the whore you are. You always do something to make me hurt you
like this." he scolded her.

She tried to quiet herself but she continued to whimper which quickly brought
his hand crashing down against her cheek.  He continued to lurch forward until
he was buried past his wrist inside her warm cunt. He began to twist his hand as
he tried to open it, painfully stretching her open. She sobbed as he punched
into her pussy hard and deep.  The wet mixture of her natural lubricating juices
and blood dripped off him as he plunged in and out of her.

Her entire body trembled with fear. He laughed cruelly as he pumped his fist in
and out of her. Once he had ripped her apart to his liking he slid his hand out
of her abused hole and held it up. The bloody concoction that covered his skin
glistened in the firelight.

"Now let's open that ass up," he hissed.

"Oh god no James....please...I'll do anything you want... just please no more,"
she spat out between sobs.

"Oh believe me bitch you will do whatever I want regardless of what happens
next. If you don't like that too fucking bad. There is nothing you can do."

He mercilessly crammed three fingers into her clenched little ass. She stiffened
immediately as tears streamed down her face. She closed her eyes tight as her
face contorted in pain. He began to hammer in hard and fast as he watched the
tiny opening stretch around his thick digits. His cock once again began to
awaken.

"On your fucking knees whore...NOW," he commanded as he tore his fingers out of
her ass.

She reluctantly obeyed and rolled over onto her hands and knees. He immediately
grabbed her head and slammed it downward against the floor. She let out a groan
as it hit. Her nose began to ooze blood as she remained in that position, her
forehead resting on the floor and ass high in the air. He then reached down and
pried her thighs apart, making sure to dig his fingers into the marred flesh.
The tip of his cock rudely poked at the bloody entrance to her womanhood. It
slipped in without any resistance. The warm crimson juices coated him as he
began to thrust brutally into her.

His fingers once again found her battered ass and began to probe it roughly.
This time he managed to fit four fingers inside. Her sloppy cunt providing the
lubricant for it once again. He alternated thrusts, curving his fingers inside
her and using them to pull her back into his cock. She buried her head against
her forearms and tried to stifle the screams of agony as he continued to angrily
abuse her body.

He grunted as he pushed all four fingers completely into her ass.  She felt
incredibly tight as he pounded away uncaring about her feelings. He pulled his
fingers almost out of her ass, leaving just the tips in as he positioned his
thumb and began to push again. This forced a sharp scream from her as he ripped
the once tight ring of muscle to shreds.

He continued to prod both holes as hard as he could, glancing occasionally at
the handle sticking out of the fireplace. Luckily, for her, she had no idea what
final act of cruelty was in store for her yet. He finally forced his hand in up
to his wrist and let out a triumphant moan. Blood now dripped from her ass as
well as her pussy and face.  His other hand gripped her hip tightly as he dug
his nails into her flesh.

His cock began to twitch inside her stretched hole as he felt his balls begin to
tighten. He closed his eyes as he tried to hold out. He didn't want the moment
to end just yet. He slipped his bloodstained hand out of her ass as his pace
slowed slightly in an effort to last longer. It prolonged him for several
minutes longer as he focused on what would come next. Suddenly his hand forced
back into her ass roughly.

She screamed again, which triggered him to release thick pearly ropes of cum
into her womb. He pushed his fist in as far as he could as she tried to pull
away. He pinned her in place as he emptied his semen inside her destroyed
opening. James panted as he held still for what seemed to her like an eternity.
Painfully he pulled completely free of her body, leaving her laying face down
and trembling. He reached down and rolled her onto her back.  He pulled her up
by the hair and crudely smeared his cock over her face, letting the blood and
pussy secretions cover her face before pushing her back down.

She did not open her eyes. She knew that it wouldn't matter if she did or not
because the horror was not about to stop. He grabbed the long handle, pulled the
metal rod from the fire, and looked down at her. With his free hand, he reached
down and slapped her across the face.

"Look at me you stupid whore," he growled.

She opened her eyes and was terrified at the site in front of her. In his hand
was a long slender metal rod with a wooden handle. The end of the rod was bent
metal forming the initials JM. She began to sob again immediately. He smiled
with a sinful glee sparkling in his eyes as he turned the handle, holding it in
both hands and guiding the white-hot tip toward her breast. First, he went for
the right nipple. The searing pain shot through her body and caused her to jerk
and scream. The smell of burnt flesh wafted through the cabin. He again plunged
the metal into the fire, admiring his handiwork for a moment while it reheated.
Again pulling it from the flames, he proceeded to scar the left nipple as well.
Another bloodcurdling scream rang through the house. He laughed and tossed it
back into the fire. She laid there writhing in agony as he stood straddling her
body.

She looked up at him pleadingly. He held his limp cock in his hand aiming it
toward her disfigured nipples and a stream of piss began to shoot forth. He
watched it splash over her breasts as he moved it from one to the other,
covering both in the acrid liquid.  He then aimed higher, covering her face in
the golden fluid. He could not help but laugh at her and her predicament. Her
body laid there bloody and broken, reeking of his urine.

He calmly walked into the bathroom and turned on the water in the tub. Without
saying a word, he walked back in and scooped her up in his arms. James then
carried her to the bathroom and cruelly dropped her into the large metal bathtub
as it continued to fill with pure cold water.

The icy reddening water stung her warm, torn up flesh as she submerged herself
into the tub. She could not scream any more. Something inside her had broken
finally. She knew now that she would never truly be able to please him and make
the pain stop.  It was a lost cause as she thought her hope of survival was.

Lea stared up at James. The soft warm glow now cold and dead. She finally
accepted what she was to him. Her scarred body, covered still with dark bruises
and cuts, trembled in the cold bath. He said nothing as he extended his hand,
holding out a bar of soap to her.

Her hand inched forward and took it from him. She broke eye contact quickly and
began to wash herself with the tainted water. He could see it all change before
his very eyes. She was dead inside now. He had finally torn away everything and
left her empty.

"When you finish go to bed..." he said as he laid a towel on the chair and
walked out of the bathroom.

She slipped out of the frigid water and dried herself off. When she went back to
the bedroom, there was a fresh set of sheets laying on the dresser as well as a
t-shirt. She slipped the shirt over her head, and then proceeded to strip the
soiled sheets from the bed. She took her time changing them, making sure she did
a flawless job, assuming he would see it. She crawled into bed, sleeping on the
side where her blood had stained the mattress, knowing that is what he would
have wanted.

He never did enter the bedroom that night. In the morning, she awoke and went to
the bathroom to pee. She found her clothing along with a package of ready to use
douches, a fresh towel and bar of soap laying there. She showered and groomed
herself to look presentable. Her body ached as she moved. She tried to push past
the pain and speedily return to him.

He just looked at her and walked to the door. She followed him hesitantly as he
went to the car. The entire journey home was spent in completely silence. She
dared not speak without him first speaking to her. She knew it would anger him
severely. He pulled into the driveway at her house in the middle of the
afternoon. He put the car in park but did not shut it off as he opened the door
and climbed out. She was puzzled as to what was going on. Lea did not move until
he opened the door for her. She got out and stood there by the car, staring down
at the pavement below her feet. The door slammed shut causing her to jump. She
flinched as she awaited a strike from him, but none came.

Then he walked back around to his side of the car, reaching in and pulling out
her bag and setting it down next to the car. His door slammed shut and he peeled
out of the driveway, not giving her a second glance. She watched in sheer and
utter shock as he drove away. She broke down and fell to her knees in a crumpled
pile in the middle of the driveway as he disappeared from sight.

A neighbor found her sobbing uncontrollably in a huddled mass and called the
cops. Lea never pressed charges or would divulge any information about the
identity of the man who had so brutally attacked her and  resisted  the
attempts to force her to seek medical attention until after she knew there was
no way to collect a usable DNA sample.

Now she sits in the chair by the front window staring out emotionlessly. Nothing
has replaced what died inside her that day in the cabin. Some say it was the
rape. Other say it was the trauma of the nearly deadly miscarriage she suffered
a couple months later. The fact of the matter is she is just a shell of a human
being now, a frail reminder of his cruelty and a living testament to the
insanity that took over her life.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  NightmarePrincess


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





