BDSM Library - Your Bitch




Your Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story of husband becoming wifes little bitch.
Your Bitch

	This is the story of me being your bitch.  It begins with you joking
around the house about how I am your bitch and you rule me.  I play it off like
always but secretly desire this to come true.  I have always said I would do
anything for you no matter what, because I love you and love pleasing you.  You
tell me that a good bitch would have all her chores done and dinner ready when
her master arrives home from work.  I decide to show you that I can be a good
bitch. 

	I plan everything for a Friday night when you are taking Katelyn to
grannies for the weekend.  You are leaving for a while so I have time to get
ready for your return.  You tell me you are working tonight so I better stay out
of trouble, and not go wasting money.  I decide to get into character for my
bitch duties.  I am feeling a bit randy so I decide I should look the part of a
good little bitch.  I get out all the kinky things I can find and begin to get
dressed.  I put on those lace panties so I can feel more feminine.  Then I
decide to put on some stockings and my (your) dress.  I don't have any shoes so
I decide to go without.  I begin to clean the kitchen; I find that I enjoy the
feeling of the sheer stockings rubbing against the little dress.  Each time I
bend over I can feel the little lace panties riding higher in my ass.  I have to
continually pull my dress down because it keeps sliding up exposing my ass.  I
am very worried that someone might drop by unexpectedly and see me like this.  I
know your out but you have seen me like this before, and it turns me on when I
get this way for you.  I am just afraid one of the guys might stop by; they
would think I was gay or something, when really I just like the way it all
feels.  As I finish the kitchen I decide to stop to get something to eat.  I am
feeling pretty frisky by now and decide to go out for a bite.  I take off the
dress but decide to keep the stockings and panties on.  I put on some jeans and
a shirt and head out.  I decide to surprise you and show up at the club you are
working at.  When I get there I find a seat away from everyone and wait.  After
a while I see you on stage.   I found myself totally hard just watching you
dancing so erotically on the stage.  After you were done you got dressed and
came over to see me.  I was almost embarrassed for some reason but got over it
quickly.  You asked what I was doing there and I said I was horny and decided to
come see you.  I started to tell you how I had tried to stay home and clean the
house but got hungry and left.  You told me a good bitch would do all of her
chores before going out for any reason.  You asked me if I had forgotten that I
was your bitch.  I said no and revealed my undergarments to you.  You told me to
be a good little bitch and go get my house perfect for you when you returned. 
You wanted a nice hot bath when you got home and something to eat when you
arrived.  You told me to be ready for my punishment when you got out of the
bath.  I said yes maam and left the club.  I returned home driving with a bulge
in my pants the whole way.  You knew what I wanted and you were happy to oblige. 
I felt so good knowing you understood my fetish and being willing to fulfill my
fantasies that I cleaned the house in no time.  I had plenty of time so I
decided to experiment with some other feminine items.  First I shaved all the
important parts that you like.  Next I took a good long shower so I would be
clean for your return.  I decided to try on some make-up, knowing it would be
silly with my facial hair but I knew better than to shave it.  First I tried eye
make-up until I was satisfied then some blush, next I dug in the drawer for the
brightest red lipstick I could find.  When I was happy with the whorish make-up
job I had done I began to get dressed for you.  I put on the silkiest suspender
stocking I could find.  Then I put my lacy panties on over my engorged ...  then
I put on a new outfit I had bought at Pricilla's hoping you would approve.  When
I was done I had just enough time to fix you something to eat.  I got the tub
ready and put some candles around for you.  Then I got the bag of toys, just in
case you wanted something for after. 

	When you arrived you were somewhat taken by my appearance but caught on
quickly.  You asked if I had been a good bitch and got everything done you
asked, I replied yes mistress.  You said good and went to the bathroom.  You
instructed me to have your dinner ready when you came out.  I had your dinner
waiting on the coffee table when you entered wearing your corset and the big
black strap-on.  I was a bit unprepared but excited as well.  You sat down and
turned the TV on and began to eat.  You told me to be a good little bitch and
suck your big cock while you ate your dinner.  I proceeded to kneel in front of
you and kissed the tip of your cock.  You forced my head down and said to suck
your cock, be a good little bitch slut and suck it.  I took the head into my
mouth and began to suck it, sliding my head up and down the long shaft.  You
told me not to stop, that I needed to learn what it was like to give a good
blowjob.  I took my mouth off the cock and began to lick the entire length like
I had seen you do.  Then I licked and sucked on your balls and gently stroked
your shaft.  I continued to suck your cock until you were done.  When you were
satisfied you told me to get up and turn around, you wanted to see how good your
little bitch looked tonight.  I did as instructed; you began to caress my legs
and forced them farther apart.  You told me to bend over the table and relax. 
You continued to gently brush your hands over my body and moved up to my ass. 
You flipped my dress up onto my back and put some lube on your fingers.  You
slowly began to work them into my ass while calling me a good bitch.  You told
me you were going to fuck me good and give me your big black cock.  You asked me
if I wanted your cock in my tight little ass, I replied yes mistress.  You
continued to work two, then three fingers into my ass while occasionally
grabbing my cock and giving it a light squeeze.  Then you told me to go upstairs
and wait on the bed.  You came upstairs with the tripod for the video camera in
your hand and some new toys in the other.  I was not expecting this at all.  You
got out the camera and set it up on one side of the bed and started recording,
then came over to me and told me to get your cock ready for you.  I began to
lick and suck your cock while you lay on the bed.  You told me to lie down and
raise my legs to expose my ass for you.  I did and you tied my legs to the
bedpost using some new straps.  Next you tied my arms up over my head so I was
totally secured.  You told me this way you could have full access to me in any
way that you wanted.  I was a little worried now with the camera recording
everything going on and was not sure what to think.  Many things were running
through my head.  I decided to go with it and see what would take place.  You
began to tell me to suck your big cock like a good little bitch and to make it
good and hard so you could fuck me with it.  You placed the big cock at my mouth
and started to insert it and fuck my mouth.  I had never heard you talk like
this and began to get very hard.  You teased my nipples and began to lube up my
ass with your fingers.  You were saying things like, your sweet ass is getting
ready for your big cock to fuck me like a dirty bitch.    I was extremely hard
by now and you told me to tell you to fuck me, tell me how you want me to fuck
your ass with my big black cock.  I hesitated and you gave me a little slap on
the ass, I knew I better do as instructed and told you I wanted you to fuck me
good with your big cock.  You responded good, that's what I want to hear you
dirty slut.  Now you began to insert the big cock into my ass.  You worked it in
slowly with a lot of lube.  You slowly inched it all the way in and rested
there, asking me how it felt to have such a big cock in my ass.  I said I loved
it; I love it when you fuck me with your big cock.  You began to work the cock
into me and almost all the way out before thrusting back in all the way.  I
could feel the heat from your body resting against my flesh with every thrust. 
I wanted to grab my cock and cum but was restrained.  You told me how much you
liked to fuck me and that this is what you expect from your bitch. You asked me
if I liked being your bitch and I responded honestly, Yes Mistress.  You
continued to fuck me until I was really getting into it then you stopped.  You
pulled your big cock out and replaced it with my butt -plug and told me not to
move unless instructed.  Slowly you freed my legs and removed your strap-on. 
Then you told me to make you cum, and you climbed on my face. I began to lick
and kiss your sweet pussy as well as I could.  You kept urging me saying how
good it felt to have your bitch please you like this and how you liked to have
your pussy licked by such a good little bitch.  You kept teasing my nipples and
commenting about how hard this bitches nipples are and how she liked to have
them played with.  I just groaned in response and kept burying my tongue as deep
as I could into your wet pussy.  You began grinding your wet pussy into my face
and really started to get into it.  I was very hard by now but you were focused
on making your nipples hard, telling me to drive my tongue deeper into you.  I
worked my tongue as deep as I could into your pussy and you told me to keep it
there.  You began to slowly grind around on my tongue and moaning how good it
felt.  After you were thoroughly satisfied you told me to remain still while you
used me for more of your pleasure.  You climbed off my face and grabbed a dildo
and stuck it in my mouth.  You told me to suck that cock while I fuck you.  Next
you slid down onto my very erect dick and began to grind hard against me.  You
were playing with your clit and your nipples while telling me what a good bitch
I was becoming.  You told me not to cum until you told me to and if I did I
would pay for it.  This made it harder for me to last, watching you making
yourself cum on top of me and I exploded inside you.  You were mad and told me
that now I had to pay for disobeying you.  You took the dildo out of my mouth
and turned it around so the head was pointing out and stuck it back in my mouth. 
You wiped up the cum that had spilled onto your thigh and rubbed it across my
lips, then you mounted the rubber dick and started fucking it.  You told me this
would be good punishment for Cumming too soon.  You told me this would force all
my cum out of you and all over my face, making me a real slut.  You said I
should get used to my cum all over my face because that would be my punishment
until I could learn to control myself.  You slowly slid up and down the dildo
and the cum, mixed with your juices kept running out of your pussy all over my
face.  I did not want it in my mouth so I kept my lips wrapped tightly around
the dildo.  You made it a point to cum a couple of times before climbing off the
dick in my mouth.  When you climbed off you immediately pulled it out of my
mouth and rubbed the cum covered dick all over my face saying "that's a good
little bitch, now I have something else in mind. Now I'm going to fuck your ass
with this dick covered in your own cum".  You told me to raise my legs nice and
high for you so you could fuck me good.  You put a rubber ring on my cock
telling me this would help me to control myself.  Then you pulled the butt-plug
out and placed the dildo all the way in.  You asked me if it felt good, I said
yes mistress.  With one hand you started fucking my ass and brought your other
hand to my face.  You began rubbing the cum all over my face then brought your
fingers to my lips.  You told me to suck them clean like a good bitch.  I
hesitated and you shoved the dildo deep in my ass and I opened my mouth to gasp
and you shoved your fingers in.  I had never tasted cum before and you told me
to suck them clean for you.  I began to work my tongue all over your fingers and
clean them for you.  I was suddenly becoming aroused again and you told me to
start stroking my cock.  You squirted a lot of lube on my dick and hand and told
me to please my mistress by stroking my cock for you.  You continued to fuck my
ass and play with my nipples while I began to stroke my dick with long hard
strokes.  You started talking dirty again saying how your slut likes to be
fucked and treated like a whore.  Telling me I would always be your bitch.  By
now I had forgotten all about the video camera and began to respond to your
comments, telling you how much I loved being your bitch and how I liked it when
you treated me like a dirty slut.  You kept encouraging me to say how I was your
slut and your bitch.  When you noticed that I was getting close again you told
me to stop, I did and you began to stroke my cock for me with one hand while
working the dick into my ass with the other.  You started into a rhythm with
both hands working together, when I would get close you would take your hand off
my cock and rub my balls to calm me down again.  You did this many times until I
was begging for you to let me cum.  You finally agreed and stroked me very fast
while shoving the cock deep into my ass.  I came all over my self and you began
to rub it into me telling me that I was a good little slut for you tonight and
that we would continue training me later.  You told me to go get cleaned up and
I thanked you and showered.

	The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jeff Sparco


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





