BDSM Library - This Month It's Her Treat - Damn-it




This Month It's Her Treat - Damn-it
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: They found their common interest and this month it's her treat.
THIS MONTH IT'S HER TREAT - DAMMIT!
By
ANNE GRAY

The restrained moans and air whistling through her nostrils said it all.  I was
on the highway with my leather-clad housemate in the passenger seat and all I
could think of was I wished it were me in her situation.

We had met just over a year ago in, believe it or not, a leather clothing store. 
They were having a spring sale to clear merchandise before the hot weather and I
was trying on skirts while, nearby, she was trying to pick a light jacket.

As our eyes met there was an instantaneous spark.  I suggested that the royal
blue leather jacket seemed to suit her more than the black and she, in turn said
I should look for a skirt a bit longer with the kick pleat at the front and wear
it with heeled knee boots.

For obvious reasons, the sales lady agreed with both of us and we left the store
together with our purchases.  Outside she asked if I would join her for lunch
and a chat and I agreed.  Over lunch we found out that we were both single; I
lived in the large house my parents left when they passed away in a traffic
accident two years earlier, and she lived in an apartment on a month-to-month
lease.

We were both in our late twenties and we obviously loved leather clothing.  We
each had good jobs five days a week from 9 to 5.  It wasn't until we had met
several more times that we became comfortable enough to open up to each other
and agree that leather was more of a lifestyle and strong fetish than just
something to keep out the weather and look good in.  It was inevitable that I
invited her to share my house with me and she moved in three weeks later.

Besides leather we also found a common interest in bondage in all of the forms
that did not cause harm.  Neither of us were a complete Dom' or Sub'; we both
enjoyed going either way.





Over the months we came up with a fun idea to spice things up.  On alternate
months one Saturday would be set-aside for one of us to surprise the other with
a "scene".  This month was her treat from me - and I was jealous.

As we finished breakfast this morning I had stated "Scene starts".  That was her
cue to submit to anything I told her to do or did to her without question for
the next twelve hours.

I told her to go upstairs and use the bathroom then go to the "playroom", strip
completely and grab hold of the spreader bar suspended from the ceiling.  I
followed upstairs slowly to give her a chance to get ready and walked into the
room to see her on tiptoe holding onto the bar.  She was naked and looked at me
with a "so do your worst" expression on her face.  I think, by the time I
finished, I had surprised her.

A boned leather corset fitted around her waist and I pulled on the laces until
the two halves met in the middle of her back.  Two soft- toothed clamps, with
fine wires running from them, went on her nipples before the leather bra snapped
closed at her back.

Next I had her push her feet into a pair of 6" heeled thigh boots and hold still
while it took me over fifteen minutes to lace them closed.  I buckled a strap
around each leg at mid thigh; they had small D rings on the inside of the leg
for later use.

I told her to rest her weight on the boots and hold her right arm out straight
in front of her.  From the pile of supplies I had made ready the night before I
selected a kid leather, shoulder length glove, which I knew, was at least one
size too small for her.  With a little effort I soon had it on her hand and arm. 
I used the laces on the last 6" to tighten it up to her armpit.  Reversing her
hands on the overhead bar, the left arm got similar treatment.






While she held her left arm out I added a very tight and pointed stiff leather
mitten over her hand and laced it down to her wrist.  Now she could not longer
grab the bar with that hand so I let her stand quietly as I did the right hand
in a similar manner.  Each mitten had a small metal ring at its point.

Now for the interesting part - I had her walk over to a padded bench with its
surface about 3' off the floor and lay back on it.  With her legs spread wide
everything was available to me.  Pulling on a pair of latex gloves I spread a
good helping of KY on the 5" butt plug; the 7" dildo didn't need any
lubrication.  Maybe I had hit a nerve?  From the base of the dildo hung a very
short piece of wire with another soft clamp at the end.  That went on her
clitoris drawing a sharp intake a breath from her.

As I pulled a pair of tight latex panties up her legs, they would protect the
rest of the outfit from any moisture that might occur, I adjusted the wires from
the inserts so they came up through the waistband.  There was a thin connector
panel attached to the corset with velcro and the pin jacks on the end of the
wires slipped into sockets on it, followed by the ones from the nipple clamps. 
Just two wires left the panel.

I had her slip her arms through a heavy long sleeved latex blouse with four
buttons at each wrist and a full zip closing at the back.   Next I worked a pair
of tight black kid slacks over the boots and up to her waist.  The wires from
the panel fed down inside the left leg of the slacks and I fitted the ends into
a small connector that taped to the outside of her left boot.  The blouse tucked
in and I fastened a special wide leather belt through the loops on the slacks
and cinched it as tight as it would go.

From a D ring at the front of the belt I ran a 2" wide strap through her legs
and up to the back of the belt and cinched that one too.  Dead center over her
crotch was another small metal ring.

As she stood teetering on the high-heeled boots I held a full-length leather
trench coat out behind her so she could slip her arms into the sleeves, then I
settled it on her shoulders.


Inside the slash pockets of the coat I had slit the base of the pockets and sewn
in zippers.  I fed her hands into and through the pockets and slipped the clasp
of a small padlock through the fingertip D rings and the one over her vagina. 
It locked with a sharp click. 

A 3" strap connected the D rings on the thigh straps limiting her to small steps
just as if she was wearing a tight skirt.

I closed the sleek leather across her body and buttoned it before buckling the
wide belt around her waist.  Now her hands were completely restrained I had no
trouble packing a large leather pear into her mouth.  A neat strip of surgical
tape sealed her lips and then I installed a wide leather gag strap over the tape
and buckled it at the back of her head.

At this point I went to my own bedroom to get dressed; she followed slowly, not
just because of the thigh strap but the inserts would be causing some
interesting sensations, and stood in the doorway watching as I pulled my
selections from the closet.

Matching bra and panty set then dark nylons attached to a suspender belt.  My
favorite long sleeved black leather dress fitted me like a glove from the high
collar to just below the knees and closed down the back with a zip from just
above my buttocks to the neck.  Knee high leather boots with a nice comfortable
stacked 3" heel were next.

I brushed out my hair and put on some low-key makeup then used some of it to do
a job on her eyes.

I tucked the large left lapel of her coat in under the right side and then
buttoned the right lapel just under her left collarbone.  The storm flap came
down over it and buttoned just to the left of her breastbone, a couple of inches
from the false right storm flap.






Reaching behind her neck I raised the collar of the coat; the wig-tips of the
collar had a concealed snap fastener and when I pushed the two halves together
in front of her nose her collar was held in place covering the lower half of her
face.  This hid the fact that she was very efficiently gagged.

Stepping back and checking her over, I tucked the ends of her coat sleeves
inside the pockets.  She looked now as if she was just naturally bundled up
against the late fall blustery weather, which was occurring outside

My own coat was a calf length leather wrap around with a tie belt and large
shawl collar that could be raised into a hood if needed.  I steadied her as we
made our way to the inside entrance to the garage.

Opening the passenger side door of my car, I helped her sit down and lifted her
legs inside.  Having her brace her shoulders against the back of the seat and
raise her rear-end, I smoothed the coat under her and let her settle back into
the seat.  A neat strap went around her ankles and I pulled them back and
attached the strap around the bar joining the front legs of the seat.

Having her lean forward I raised the hood of her coat until the soft leather
framed her face.  There was a closing under her chin and now all that could be
seen were the top of her nose and carefully made up eyes.  I must admit that by
now the eyes contained a slight look of trepidation.

Pushing her shoulders back into the seat I snapped the combination lap and
shoulder harness seat belt in place and pulled it taunt.  Opening the back door
I adjusted the headrest to the right height and buckled a small strap attached
to the back of the neck of the coat around the post of the headrest.  Now she
was completely incapacitated, covered from head to toe in sleek leather and
ready for her treat.





Reaching down from the driver's seat I fed a single wire into the connector at
her heel and up to another small control panel that I had taped to the center
console.  It had a knob with five settings and a single wire that ended in a
plug I fitted into the socket of the cigarette lighter.

Heading back into the house, I pulled on a pair of tight kid leather gloves,
grabbed my handbag and returned to the car.  I dropped my bag in her lap, hit
the garage door remote, started the car and headed for a nearby mall.

Once underway I turned the control knob to the first setting.  This sent a
slight tingle to her nipples and clit.  It also started the vibrators in her at
their lowest level.  I pulled into the mall and parked facing the main entrance.

Telling my friend that she better remain completely still and not draw attention
to herself while I went shopping for half an hour or so; I turned the control to
2, got out and locked the door.  Standing in front and looking through the
windshield I could see her quite clearly.  She gave the impression of someone
dressed for the cold but there was no indication of how well she was restrained.

The higher setting now stimulating her body would gradually build while I was
away and added to that the fact that she was in plain sight of all the people
walking by should be enough for some interesting emotions.   I window-shopped
for thirty minutes before returning and getting back in the car.  The apparatus
had been running off the battery but did not draw enough to deplete its charge. 
There was a film of sweat on her forehead, which I dabbed at with a tissue, and
she started grunting at me, which I ignored.

Heading out of the parking lot I drove towards the highway and, as we entered
the on-ramp I turned the control to 3.  Once we were cruising at the speed
limit, I turned it to 4.  By now the stimulation would be intense and the
vibrators working hard inside her.  From the corner of my eye I saw her body
tense as it tried to arch against the seat harness; then she moaned through the
gag and relaxed.



It seemed the system worked just as planned and I turned it down to 2 to let her
recover.  Ten minutes later I set it back up to 4 and the cycle started all over
again.

I drove out of town for over an hour before turning around and headed back for
home.  Just when I'm sure she thought she was completely drained, I turned the
control to 5.  At this point the moans and air panting through her nostrils
became almost continuous.

As we finally pulled into the garage she was like a rag doll held in place by
the seat belts.  I disconnected the wire from her heel then went around and
opened the passenger door.  Releasing her ankles, neck strap and the seatbelt I
eased her legs around and helped her stand.

Steadying her as we made it into the house, she lent back against the wall while
I undid the coat, disconnected the mitt rings and pulled each arm out of the
pockets.  I unlaced and removed the mitts then removed the gag.  At this point,
even though it was no-where near the twelve hours, I said "Scene over".  She
looked blankly at me and then staggered off towards her room.

I removed my own coat and then followed her.  She was fast asleep lying on her
bed and hadn't even taken off the coat.

There were marks left by the gag strap across the lower half of her face but
even they could not disguise the distinctly contented smile on her lips!

Next month was my turn and I could only hope her imagination was up to it!!


This story is copywrited by the author and may not be reposted without
permission.  Constructive criticism or comments are appreciated and may be sent
to anngray@rogers.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anne Gray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





