BDSM Library - Click




Click
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A beautiful woman asks him to take pictures of her while she's tied up. His female assistant disapproves, but soon things have gone beyond his control.
     CLICK

     By Fidelis Blue

    

     'So, do you think you could take some pictures of me?'

     She was sitting in the tiny office next to my studio. Our chairs were so
close together that her foot was brushing my leg. It was summer and she was
wearing open-toed white sandals with very high heels. The nails were varnished
scarlet, matching the colour of the short, tight skirt she wore. Her legs were
bare and I could see a lot of them.

     'What kind of pictures?' I asked.

     'Are you a broad-minded man, Mr Crawford?' She uncrossed her legs, then
crossed them the other way. Her skirt rode even further up her thighs.

     'Call me Joe,' I replied. 'Well, I guess so. What did you have in mind?'

     'I've seen some of your pictures, from the club scene. They're very good.'

     I inclined my head in acknowledgement of the compliment. I'd done a bit of
fetish stuff, girls in latex and leather. Nothing too raw.

     'I figured you wouldn't be shocked,' she said. 'Perhaps you'd be willing to
experiment a little.'

     She told me what she wanted, in detail. She said the pictures were a
birthday present for a friend. I thought he must be a very special friend. I
wasn't shocked, exactly, but I was, well, surprised. There was nothing sleazy
about her. She was class, a natural blonde, her hair expensively cut,
fashionably short. Her blue eyes looked at me with an appealing frankness.

     'What do you say?'

      'I could set it up but I'd need my assistant present to click the
shutter,' I replied. 'Are you comfortable with that?'

     'Is he?'

     'It's a she,' I said.

     'Let's call her in,' she proposed.

     Hannah was in the dark room. I asked her to come through.

     'This is Cordelia,' I said.

     They shook hands. Cordelia explained again what she proposed.

     'You want to do this?' Hannah asked me.

     I could never tell just what she was thinking. It always seemed she felt I
ought to know already, which put me at a disadvantage.

     'It's different,' I replied.

     'Fine,' said Hannah. She wasn't giving anything away. She'd been working
for me for six months. We'd had sex, quite a lot of it, but I still wasn't sure
if we were in a relationship or not. If I ever asked her about such things she'd
turn it round.

     'What do you want, Joe?' she'd ask.

     The problem was, I didn't know. I liked the sex, I liked it very well.
Hannah had a strong, compact body. Her love-making was vigorous, direct, but
curiously unemotional. But maybe she was right to sense I was wary of getting
involved. I excused my lack of commitment by telling myself she was too young
for me anyway. I hadn't told her about Evelyn and how wounded I was, how shy of
getting hurt again.

     'Let's give it a try,' I said to Cordelia.

     We went into the studio. I fixed up some lights. Hannah gave Cordelia a
silk robe to change into and she went behind a screen. She came out with the bag
she'd brought with her. From it she produced some lengths of white rope.

     'I want to be tied with this,' she said.

     When she took off her robe I saw she had a slender, graceful body, lightly
tanned all over. There were no bikini marks; evidently she sunbathed naked. Her
breasts were small, but sharp and pointed. Her nipples were surprisingly large,
cylindrical in shape, flat not round at the tip. For some reason I found that
very erotic.

     I set a tall wooden stool in front of the lights. Cordelia bent over it and
I began to tie her wrists to the stool. With two more pieces of the rope I tied
her ankles, her legs slightly apart. She was still wearing the white sandals.

     'In the bag you'll find the cane,' she said.

     I took it out. It was about three feet long, very thin and flexible. I
swished it once or twice. Hannah was looking through the viewfinder. She moved
the camera back a bit.

     'We're OK,' she said. I looked back at Hannah, but she didn't return my
gaze.

     'Look,' I said to Cordelia, 'I'm not sure how real this is supposed to be.
I mean, I don't want to hurt you.'

     'That's the whole point, isn't it?' she answered. 'I'll let you know if
it's too much.'

     I raised the cane above my shoulder and brought it down across her rump,
stretched taut over the stool. I winced as it struck her. I heard her catch her
breath, but she said nothing. I raised the cane again. Hannah clicked away.
Cordelia had said she wanted a variety of shots, but especially some of the cane
actually striking her. Technically it was a difficult thing to do. I looked
across to see Hannah concentrating hard. I raised the cane again. I'd only done
something like this to a woman once before, that time with a leather belt, and
definitely with no observers. I remembered the feelings I'd got, so disturbing
I'd never tried it again.

     'Harder,' said Cordelia after the third stroke. She'd told me to lay down a
pattern of parallel lines across the centre of her bottom, but I was afraid if I
used too much force I'd lose accuracy. Or that I might really damage her. But
she seemed to know what she wanted. I struck her several more times. She gasped
as each blow landed, raising a red welt on her flawless skin.

     'OK,' she said at last. 'That's enough.'

     Hannah moved in and took close-ups of Cordelia's ass. I moved the lights so
you could see clearly the ridges the cane had raised on the smooth flesh. I
untied Cordelia. She rubbed her behind ruefully.

     'Gee,' she said 'I didn't think you'd be so enthusiastic.'

     She got dressed. I went in the office to attend to some business. When I
came out Hannah and Cordelia were chatting. When Cordelia had gone Hannah asked
me if I'd been excited.

     'I guess. Maybe a little.'

     'I thought so,' she said enigmatically.

     A month later Cordelia turned up at the studio one afternoon. Hannah was
out somewhere. Cordelia told me her friend had loved the pictures.

     'Adored them,' she said. 'Now he wants more.'

     'More?'

     'He wants pictures of someone fucking me.'

     'Well, I don't know,' I said. 'That's a bit extreme. Who, anyway?'

     She gave me a slow smile. 'Who do you think?'

     'Oh, no,' I said firmly. 'I don't fuck for money. There's a word for that.'

     'Don't think of it that way,' she said. 'You'd be doing it for art. Maybe
even for pleasure.'

     She smiled again. I was silent.

     'Don't I appeal to you?' she asked. She was wearing a blue silk dress. It
kind of slithered around her thighs as she crossed her legs. In case I had any
doubt about her question, the blood pounding in my cock gave me the answer.

     'I don't think Hannah would agree to that.'

     'She already did,' Cordelia replied.

     I must have looked stunned.

     'We had a drink the other night. She thinks it would be interesting.'

     'I don't know,' I answered. 'I'd have to think about it.'

     The next day I asked Hannah what was going on.

     'Going on?'

     'Are you setting me up for something?'

     'It's quite straightforward,' she said. 'Do you want to fuck her or not?'

     'It's not straightforward at all,' I snapped. 'Not in the least.'

     'If you don't want to, don't.'

     But I did want to. And I wanted Hannah to say it was OK. But that wasn't
her way. I had to intuit what she thought. What if I got it wrong? Did I want to
fuck Cordelia enough to take the risk of losing Hannah? I didn't like the idea
that there was some collusion between the two of them. On the other hand, if
there was, presumably Hannah was agreeable to Cordelia's idea.

     I asked Cordelia if I could meet her, away from the studio, and of course
away from Hannah. I suggested a little wine bar I knew, down a back alley just
off the centre of town. She arrived in a dress, of some flimsy material with
flowers on it. She looked ravishing. I don't think she was wearing a bra. As
usual, her skirt was short. She knew her legs were good. And I'd seen the rest.
It was all good.

     I asked her to tell me exactly what she had in mind. She described in a
matter-of-fact way the various acts she intended, the precise positions. By the
time she had finished I had crossed my legs, in apparent imitation of her own
position but in reality to disguise what had grown in my trousers.

     At the session I had a momentary fear I wouldn't be able to get it up, that
I'd be inhibited by the two women staring at me. I needn't have worried.
Cordelia was natural and relaxed, and Hannah made herself all but invisible
behind the camera. Cordelia performed fellatio, then we had intercourse in four
or five different positions while Hannah took the shots. Cordelia had a couple
of orgasms, and when I came Hannah got some pictures of my face. They were the
only ones that embarrassed me when I came to look at them the next day.

     I heard nothing for a couple more months. Things had changed between Hannah
and me. We didn't have sex any more. In the studio we were polite, even
friendly. But I felt less and less that I knew her.

     One day I got a call from Cordelia. She wanted to come in to see me. She
arrived in a pink cashmere sweater and tight black trousers, very well cut. She
had an expensive pair of brown leather boots on.

     'My friend has suggested something special for his Christmas present,' she
said.

     'More photos?' I smiled.

     She smiled back. 'I wonder this time if you could come to my apartment? We
might want to shoot in the bathroom.'

     'Who with?' I said.

     'Let's make it a surprise,' she said. 'Come on your own.'

     We arranged a time for a week later. I didn't tell Hannah. I thought since
she'd lost interest in me she wouldn't care. Though I still felt obscurely that
she didn't approve. That troubled me, but I didn't know how to do anything about
it.

     Cordelia's apartment was at the smart end of town. Inside it was all chrome
and steel. Not very lived-in, but elegant. I asked her what she did for a
living. She just smiled and said, 'all sorts of things'. We sat on a sofa and
talked for a while. I wondered what she had in mind. Then the bell rang. She
went to the door. It was Hannah.

     'I'd like you to shoot a little encounter,' Cordelia said to me. 'Hannah
and I have worked it all out.'

     I bet you have, I thought. A few things started to fall into place.

     Cordelia started undressing Hannah. I could see it wasn't the first time.
When the two of them were naked they went into the bathroom. Cordelia said she'd
like me to take shots of them washing each other under the shower. I set the
lights up and off they went, splashing and giggling while I did my best to
capture the slippery, glistening bodies. Cordelia's hands were all over Hannah,
squeezing her firm breasts, reaching between her sturdy thighs. They got out and
rubbed each other down with towels. They went into the bedroom and I reset the
lights. They lay on the bed, kissing and fondling. Cordelia pushed Hannah's legs
apart and licked her sex until she came. Then she opened a cupboard and brought
out a big black strap-on dildo. She fastened it between her legs. Hannah knelt
on the bed while Cordelia fucked her from behind. I continued shooting. Hannah
had another orgasm, and I think Cordelia did too, thought there was so much
panting and groaning it was hard to tell.

     At last they were finished. I went in the other room and started packing up
my gear. Hannah came out. She was still naked.

     'I won't be coming back,' she said. 'Cordelia's found me a job, on one of
the magazines her friend owns.'

     'That's great,' I said.

     'You aren't sore, are you?' she asked.

     'It's OK,' I replied. 'I think I get the picture.'

     'Good old Joe,' she said. 'Always the merry quip.'




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fidelis Blue


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





