BDSM Library - Sara's Punishment




Sara's Punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slutty wife gets more than she bargains for after a night on the town.
HUBBIE'S REVENGE



It had been an ordinary Friday night for Sara she had been to her local
nightclub  and was on her way home walking the short distance back to her house
in the  nearby village, she glanced at her watch as she walked and made a mental
note of the time it was almost exactly 1.30 in the morning, great she thought to
herself I will be home by 2am and my hubby will not suspect a thing.

An ordinary night for Sara allways included getting a fuck in the alley behind
the night club, she was an attractive woman in her early thirties who had no
problem getting a man to give her what she wanted and tonight was no exception,
as she walked she could feel the sperm leaking from her vagina and moistening
the the crutch of her panties, she flicked her shoulder length brown hair back
and took in the cool early  morning breeze as it gently carressed her face and
enjoyed the feeling of wetness between her legs, the man she had pulled that
night was no ordinary lover he had fucked her three times in succsession without
taking his cock out and had deposited three heavy loads of his hot spunk deep
inside her love tunnel.

As she walked she daydreamed and wished that he had taken her up the arse at
least once she loved the feeling of a mans hard cock buried deep in her bowels
and never failed to orgasm when the man shot his load deep in her stomach as she
rubbed her clitoris and pushed  at least two fingers into her very wet vagina, a
little shudder passed through her as she thought of this and as it did her pussy
contracted and emptied a little more of its recently aquired load into her
knickers, she could feel her large brown nipples  hardening under her loose
summer dress as she continued to think of her dirty daydreams and even
considered getting her hubby to do her in the arse when she got home but decided 
against it as he would certainly notice the cum dripping from her well used cunt
,she decided that tommorow night one way or another she would get fucked in her
arse even if she had to  do it herself with her trusty old vibrator.

As she walked she heard a car approaching from behind it slowed as it pulled
level with her she looked across it was a black Aston Martin and as she looked
the drivers window slid smoothly down with a gentle hum and the guy she had
fucked earlier looked at her from within the plush leather interior   " hey Sara
"

he shouted i thought it was you

" care for a lift home" ?

 she sauntered over to the car trying not to look impressed but deep inside her
was a heart that was doing overtime in the beating department, there was no way
he could  have known that an Aston Martin was Sara's dream car they hadnt spoke
more than a dozen words in the night club three of which where her invite to
fuck her outside in the alley she walked round the front of the car and slowly
opened the passenger side door she looked in and said "yeah that would be great"
and without another word slid seductively into the cream leather seat, it
wrapped itself round her well formed bottom  like a favourite armchair and she
leaned out and closed the door with the gentle click that came with a car of
this  quality, the engine purred and they moved off into the night without
another word being spoken.

Gary the owner of the car was a businessman on a weekend stay at a local hotel
he was well  built and must have weighed in at about 18 stone without an ounce
of fat on him and a cock that would not have looked bad on a small horse, Sara
thought back and remembered how she had felt it trying to push its way past her
cervix as he had fucked her up against the wall in the alley,  they had driven
about half a mile when she said "you need to turn left here I live just down
there" he smiled at her and said " i thought you might fancy a little more fun"

maybe I will get it in my arse tonight after all she thought to herself and
while bent over the bonnet of this car if I get my way,  she smiled back and
said "sure that would be nice where shall we go ? " he looked back at her and
said " I have a friend who lives nearby and he has invited me round for a late
night drink fancy that ? " what the hell she thought to herself her hubby would
probably be asleep by the time she got home anyway  "ok that sounds good" she
said Gary hit the accelorater and the car shot forward into the darkness.

Ten minutes later they pulled up outside a luxurious looking mansion Gary
switched off the engine and they both jumped out and made for the front door he
rang the bell and a middle aged man opened the door and greeted them with a warm
smile " hey Gary" he said " I didnt think you where going to make it and who's
your friend ?" Gary introduced Sara and they stepped into the front hall and
made there way through to the back lounge where about twenty other people where
having a drink and laughing and joking amongst themselves.

Sara was an instant hit with most of the men there and chatted freely amongst
the guests for about twenty minutes until Gary came over and approached her from
behind he wrapped his arms around her waist and gently nibbled the nape of her
neck sending shivers up and down her spine he whispered in her ear " how about
that extra fun right now honey" she turned still in his arms smiled at him and
simply said "lead the way loverboy" they walked hand in hand up the long winding
staircase and along the landing undil they reached a door at the far end  Gary
leant forward and opened it, as Sara looked through she could see very little
inside but walked in and waited for her eyes to get accustomed to the darkness.

Once she could see a little she could make out a huge bed up against one wall
and a large cupboard just to the left of it, she moved towards the bed making
her ass wriggle as sexily as she could and flopped down onto the soft mattress
on her back and layed there waiting for Gary to join her, Gary turned pushed the
door shut and wandered towards the bed "mmmmmmmm you look good enough" to eat he
said to her and flopped down next to her on the bed, they started to kiss and as
they did Gary undid the first two or three buttons on the front of her dress and
slid his hand inside to fondle her ample breast.

Her nipple hardened allmost instantly and she started to breath in short jerky
breaths as  he tweaked and played with one nipple whilst sucking on the other
one, Sara was proud of her boobs and the hard nipples that topped them off and
one of her great pleasures in life was being able to wear a dress or blouse
without the constrictions of a bra to hamper her  prospective lovers progress.

Gary stopped for a second and looked up at Sara and said " how do you fancy
getting a little kinky ?"

hmmmm depends what you have in mind she replied

ever been tied up and fucked hard ? he asked

"nope but theres allways a first time" she replied

Gary slipped from the bed and went to the cupboard he rummaged around for a few
seconds and then returned with a piece of red rope about three feet long,

Sara smiled and said

"what position do you want me in"

"stay on your back and put your hands above your head" he replied

he moved to her head and put the rope round both wrists and then lashed it
securely to the head of the bed, moving back to the cupboard he produced another
two pieces of rope and used one on each ankle to secure her legs wide apart to
the bedposts at the bottom of the bed,

you are one kinky fucker she laughed out and closed her eyes and waited to feel
his body on top of hers and that huge prick driving deep into her cunt again,
but what happened next didnt exactly fit in with the way she thought things
should be happening, Gary had grabbed her dress at the shoulders and with one
swift movement had torn it from her body leaving her laying there in her little
white panties

"YOU CRAZY FUCKER" she shouted what the hell am i going to wear to go home in
now ?

Gary smiled and said "oh dont worry about that we will sort something out"

with that he switched on the lights in the room walked over to the door and went
to open it just before he did he turned to her and spoke, his voice now had
changed from the gentle sexy tones she new from before to allmost a harsh growl

correct me if i'm wrong Sara but your a buyer at that large manufacturing
company in the centre of town arent you ?

"yes" she replied "but what the hells that got to do with all this" ?

maybe you should have awarded that big contract for just over 5 million to my
company but instead you gave it to my rivals and all because you wanted to fuck
one of the bosses  there !

Sara didnt like the way this was going and asked to be released from her bonds,
her request fell on deaf ears and Gary exited the room laughing to himself as he
went.

Not more than a couple of minutes had passed when he returned with another man
who Sara guessed was about mid fifties " this is Dr King" he said.

Sara was now seriously worried and figured that if she could get away with
fucking the pair of them then maybe things wouldnt be so bad after all, she
wanted to laugh and make a bit of a  joke of it but her throat had dried and the
words wouldnt come out.

The doctor kneeled down and pulled a case from under the bed and placed it on
the bed between her legs sara lifted her head and looked anxiously down to see
the doctor pulling a syringe and a bottle from the case

this time she screamed and forced the noise from her throat

"WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON "

"LET ME GO NOW YOU PERVERTED BASTARDS"

Gary grinned a big wide grin flashing his white teeth at her and snarled back at
her

"oh no Sara this time its my turn to call the shots"

she started to plead with them to let her go but she may as well ahve been
talking to a  brick wall as they gave no response to her pleas

please let me go she wailed tears now streaming from her eyes

" i'll do anything you want me to do for you no matter how kinky it is"

"fucking right you will bitch" Gary replied and slapped her so hard across the
face that her head spun to the side and slapped against the crisp white pillow
that supported it

"OK doc lets get started" Gary said and with that the doctor stuck the syringe
into her stomach and injected the fluid into her flesh just above her panty line

he then took a pair of scissors from the case and cut away the the panties from
her hips as he did looked at her and said " your lucky at least you wont feel to
much of this"

Sara was now in panic and was sobbing for all she was worth and pleading to be
released from the bed, the doctor took a cut throat razor from the case and a
tin of shaving foam and applied a thick coat to the hair of her vagina and
started to shave away the light  brown pubic hairs that covered it, when he had
removed every last hair he took some wet wipes from a tub and wiped the area
leaving her completely bald between her legs.

The doctor turned to Gary " would you pass me the stainless steel bowl from
under the bed please" he said

Gary bent and pulled out a bowl about the size of a washing up bowl and passed
it to the doctor the doctor then took a scalpel from the case and unwrapped it
from its sterile packet

Sara was beyond screaming now and had lost her voice completely she could only
watch as the doctor made a deep incision in her stomach thankfully the injection
had worked and  she was numb in that area and couldnt feel a thing.

The doctor worked quickly and skillfully removing her stomach and sewing up the
ends of the bowels then repeating the operation and removing her uterus and
sewing up the tubes as he went along, soon the bowl was full of her non
essential parts and Sara lay there with a big space where half an hour ago her
innards had been

"how long will she live like that" Gary asked

"oh an hour maybe two" the doctor replied

"better move quickly then" Gary said

he went out of the room again and returned in less than 30 seconds with a long
stainless steel pole about eight feet in length

" I think you are forgetting something" the doctor said

Gary dissapeared again and this time returned with another bowl he passed it to
the doctor who started to take handfulls of the mixture and packed it into the
cavity that he had just  created in the womans stomach

"mmm this smells good what is it" the doctor asked

"wild mushrooms, garlic, herbs, butter and breadcrumbs" Gary said

the doctor packed the cavity full and started to sew the incision up in her
stomach, when he  had finished he looked down at his handywork and smiled "that
should do the trick" he said

Now for my favorite part Gary thought to himself he took a handfull of butter
out of a bowl and started to grease the pole from top to bottom, at the same
time the doctor undone Sara's legs and pushed them up towards her chest and held
them there, Sara was now to weak to struggle  and was easily manipulated into
any position that the men wanted her in.

In this position her freshly shaven vagina and anus where fully exposed to view
and she felt something cold pressing at her brown puckered hole then a blinding
pain shot through her as the two inch diameter pole entered her arse, Gary
pushed harder and watched as inch by inch pole slid into her body

" dont hit any of the upper organs" the doctor said

"we want her alive for at least another half hour"

slowly the pole slid deeper and deeper and deeper as it passed through her body
until eventually the tip pushed up and out through Sara's mouth, Gary continued
pushing until she was impaled exactly half way along the pole

"ok release her hands" he said and the doctor cut away the bindings on her
wrists and retied her hands at her sides and  tied her feet to the pole the two
men then lifted an end of the pole each and carried her downstairs.

There was a loud cheer as they entered the room with the barely concious girl on
the pole the host of the party came over and pushed a finger into Sara's cunt

"my god she is wet" he said

"this is going to be a real nice one"

they walked her out into the garden and through the haze Sara managed to see a
pit full of hot coals "please let this be over quickly" she thought to herself

as she was placed over the hot coals the intense heat hit her back and started
to burn her tender flesh she wriggled as best she could but in her own mind she
new it was all over and that she was going to die here and now, Gary flicked a
switch on the box at the end of pit and the spit started to rotate Sara felt the
heat move around her body and her skin starting to tighten as the heat took
effect, the last thing she remembered was a woman's voice

"Gary i really dont know how you get all these girls to volunteer for this "

Gary just smiled and took another slurp from the glass of wine he had been
passed

Two hours later and Sara was cooked through, the buttery stuffing in her gut had
worked nicely and basted the flesh as it turned as she was now a light crispy
golden brown from head to foot

They removed her from the fire and withdrew the pole from her body, the juices
that ran from  her told the chef that she was done to a turn

"right wheres our special guest" the host called out

a man stepped forward and was given a large carving knife and a sharpening steel
he stropped the knife two or three times on the steel then turned to face the
body on the table, the knife passed easily through the tender flesh of Sara's
breast and he removed a whole breast with one stroke of the knife, he bit into
the meat and chewed and swallowed

"mmm delicious" he proclaimed

" i hope you all have a nice meal BON APPETITE "

he turned once more to the body and looked at it

"FUCKING BITCH" he snarled

"YOU'LL NEVER CHEAT ON ME AGAIN"





controller0 @ hotmail.com



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dog breath


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





