BDSM Library - Lilli and Jona's Night In




Lilli and Jona's Night In
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sub Lilli and her friend Jona spend the night in when a surprise visitor turns up.
Lilli and Jona's Night In



"Have some more wine," Lilli said and poured another glass for her friend Jona.
They had been working together and both quit their job on the same day, and
tonight they had been out celebrating their last day of work.

They were lounging on the sofa, giggling. "I think I'm getting drunk," Jona
laughed. "Don't worry," Lilli replied, "you know you can stay here for the
night, my bed's big enough." They laughed again and knowingly smiled at each
other. Last time Jona was staying for the night they were a bit naughty up in
the bedroom. There were four of them having some fun, but tonight there was just
the two of them.



Lilli yawned "I think I'm quite tired now," and snuggled up on the sofa next to
Jona. "Yeah," Jona replied, "me too," and put her arm around Lilli.

"Thanks for the nice evening, sweetheart." "Yeah, it was great fun." They both
smiled at each other.

"So...," Jona started, "to return to our earlier topic of conversation... You've
had two foursomes but have never been with just another woman, have you?" "No,
that's right. Never with a woman alone." Jona smiled and mustered Lilli, with
her long golden blond hair, lovely small breasts and nice slim figure.  "Me
neither," Jona said, stroking Lilli's arm, "but there's always a first time for
everything, isn't there?"

Lilli was wearing a short jeans skirt that showed her long pretty legs. For some
bizarre reason, Jona found herself excited by lying next to such a gorgeous
girl. She had never fancied women but always loved men, but now she did not know
what was happening. She wanted nothing more than to touch Lilli's leg and let
her hand glide up her thigh.

Jona swallowed, reached for her glass of wine and finished it in one go.

Softly, Jona whispered "I don't normally do this but.... I really really want
you right now..." Nervously she waited for Lilli's response, and when there was
none but a smile Jona placed her right hand on Lilli's tanned thigh and softly
stroked it.

Lilli didn't seem to mind at all, in return she started stroking Jona's arm. How
different a woman felt compared to a man. Everything's so soft and gentle.

The girls looked at each other and slowly their faces moved towards each other.
They were both rather nervous. Like in slow motion they placed a gentle kiss on
each other's lips. How soft even a woman's lips were! Another kiss followed and
soon their lips were locked and the tips of their tongues started teasing each
other. As soon as their tongues touched it was as if a bolt of electricity went
through Jona's body.

Their kiss became more passionate, and the longer they kissed, the more
confident they became.



It was so exciting to kiss another girl, and so deliciously forbidden. That made
it even more arousing. They were both really hot right now and did not care that
they were still in the living room where any of Lilli's flat mates could have
come in and surprised them at any moment.



Jona could not help herself anymore,... her hand started moving up Lilli's soft
thigh.... Higher and higher, under the jeans skirt... Lilli gasped a little in
anticipation. Jona looked in Lilli's eyes and let her hand move over Lilli's
hips... She could feel her little panties. Her hand moved towards the front and
right in between Lilli's legs. Lilli moaned a little and opened her legs some
more. At the same time she started fondling Jona's breasts. First over her
shirt, then her hands moved under the fabric, pushing the bra aside, touching
Jona's skin.



By now they were both breathing harder. There was none of the initial shyness
left. Jona stroked Lilli's pussy through her panties and she could already feel
her wetness.

She could feel Lilli's tender fingers playing with her nipples that were already
hard. Jona wanted to feel Lilli, wanted to tease and please her and drive her
crazy with pleasure.... She pushed the panties aside and slid one finger
underneath, feeling Lilli's soft pussy lips. Moaning, Lilli's hand started
moving all over Jona's body as well, slowly reaching in between her legs,
stroking Jona's cunt with slight pressure. When Jona moaned, obviously very
aroused by just that slight touch, Lilli opened the zipper of Jona's jeans...
"Oh yes..." Jona whispered.

Lilli's hand reached inside and stroked her friend's pussy, feeling the wet spot
on her panties.



They kissed again, passionately, then separated as Lilli bent and pulled Jona's
jeans and panties off in one go. At the same time, Jona pulled    Lilli's skirt
and panties down. They smiled at each other again and then pulled off their
t-shirts as well. All that was left now was their bras, but not for much longer,
as they both reached for the other one's, opened them and ripped them off. As
soon as the clothes had gone, so had the inhibitions. They were all over each
other, kissing, stroking, their tongues exploring the other one's body.



Both were really wet now, their hands were stroking each other's cunts, their
tongues were playing with the other one's nipples, it was just wild passion...
Both girls were moaning and breathing hard, completely forgetting where they
were. Jona slid a finger in between Lilli's cunt lips, feeling her moistness,
exploring the strange yet familiar feeling of a woman's pussy. Lilli moaned and
Jona rammed the finger up Lilli's cunt. Mmmmm.... It was so wet, and she could
feel Lilli thrusting her hips towards that finger. Jona started fucking Lilli
with one finger, then two, the three. She pushed her back on the sofa, and moved
her face closer to Lilli's cunt when the door opened.

The girls were so hot and focused, they did not even realize that someone
entered the room and silently closed the door again.



Jona's tongue flickered over Lilli's clit, while her fingers were still fucking
her friend. Lilli had closed her eyes and was moaning louder and louder. Jona
tasted her friends juices and was extremely aroused by this completely new
experience. She had never gone down on a woman before, but this seemed so
natural. She loved how Lilli seemed to enjoy it, being finger-fucked by a girl,
and this turned Jona on immensely as well.



Jona's tongue explored Lilli's cunt lips, wetness and teased her clit again and
again. There were sounds of wetness as her fingers still slammed in and out of
Lilli at the same time. Just when Lilli started saying "Mmm... I think I'm gonna
cum," there was a dark voice saying "Ok, that's enough you little sluts!"

In shock both girls opened their eyes wide and turned around, startled. "Oh my
god," Jona whispered... She immediately recognized the man standing in the
middle of the room. "You seem surprised to see me here, slave slut," he said,
thoroughly enjoying the situation. Both girls hastily tried to grab their
clothes to cover themselves up, but he sternly said: "Don't even think about it,
whores! You will stay exactly as you are!" Jona looked down, knowing they had no
choice. "Yes, Sir, she said. Her Master walked over to the sofa. "I can see you
weren't expecting me," he laughed. "I did not tell you I would be in town on a
business trip, and when you told me you'd be out with Lilli tonight, I couldn't
resist surprising you. I knew you'd be up to no good. And, just as I had
suspected, what do I see as I walk in here? Two naked sluts, being all over each
other, fucking each other's cunts.... Typical!"

Both girls looked down. That was certainly an interesting twist to the evening.



"So tell me, has anyone cum yet?" he demanded. Both girls shook their heads, and
Jona answered "No, Sir." "Good," he nodded, "I'm not sure if I will allow you to
cum at all tonight. Now.... Slave Jona knows me very well, Lilli, and you will
certainly get to know me too by the end of the evening," he grinned. Jona looked
over to Lilli... She wasn't sure how Lilli would react. Jona has always been a
sub, and Master D. had owned her for 6 years, and even though Lilli sometimes
hinted that she liked being submissive, this was a bit surprising after all.

Lilli was not protesting though. She seemed curious as to what He had in store
for them. Jona smiled at Master D. as if to say "See, I told you so."

"Very well," he ordered, "on your knees."



Immediately Jona moved into her well-known position, and Lilli quickly followed
suit. Master D. sat down in the middle of the sofa, the girls were kneeling in
front of him, looking down. He silently studied them for a while. Now one but
two dirty sluts at His feet. One as naughty and submissive as the other,
apparently. He smiled to Himself.

"Now how about entertaining me...," he told them, "lean back and spread those
legs." Without hesitation, the girls leaned back, resting on their hands behind
them and spread their legs a little. "Further!" he demanded, I wanna see those
wet cunts." Both girls obeyed, spreading their legs further and further, their
lower thighs touching. "That's better," they could hear Him say. That was quite
a sight. Two young sluts, sitting in front of Him with spread legs, both horny
as hell. He studied their cunts closely. Jona's completely shaven, as always,
and Lilli's with a nicely  trimmed golden triangle. He was very please with what
he saw.



"Actually, I think I need to get something out of my bag. Stay just like that,
don't move an inch!" With that, He walked back to the door where He had left his
black bag. He brought it back to the sofa with Him and took out a camera. "Oh
no," Jona thought, "not on tape."

He leaned back on the sofa, switching on the camera. The red light came on, and
both girls were turned on by the thought of being on camera. But whether they
liked it or not, there was nothing they could do about it anyway.



He zoomed in on their private parts... "And now introduce yourselves, sluts!"
Jona could not believe it. She was staring right into the camera, her cunt was
dripping wet from this embarrassing situation. "I'm slave Jona, Sir. Your fuck
property, and Yours to please You, Sir." "Are you horny, slut?" "Yes, Sir, Your
slut is very horny, Sir." "Yes, what else could you expect of a cheap little
whore.... Now you!" he said turning to Lilli. "I'm slut Lilli, I'm a horny whore
too,...... Sir" she softly said.

He laughed out loud... "Of course you are, little one. Well, then you better get
started with the show! Jona, put a finger in Lilli's cunt, and you Lilli, you
will finger-fuck Jona... I want to see you horny, close to cumming but don't you
dare cum without my permission!"



Without thinking or hesitating, the girls obeyed. Lilli's finger explored Jona's
pussy, in and out, in and out. And Jona started fucking her friend's wet cunt
again, just like before. "Mmmmm...." Moan after moan escaped the girl's lips.
"Yes, you cunts.. fuck yourselves harder!" he ordered. Harder and harder with
more and more fingers they were fucking each other, with Him filming everything.
"Now, I've also brought my little sluts a toy," he said, reaching into his bag
again. Out came a double dildo, with a head on each end. "That should make for
some great viewing, huh?!" he laughed and threw it at them. "I want you two to
fuck yourselves properly now! Hard and good. And you better be good or I'll need
to give you a good lesson. And remember: No fucking cumming!"

"Oh my god," Jona thought. She couldn't believe it. Lilli looked startled as
well. After a few seconds Jona reached for the toy. She was familiar with
strap-ons but this thing was something she only knew from films. The girls
positioned themselves facing each other... Lilli took the dildo from Jona's
hands and leaned forward. She teased Jona's clit with it, moving it around it in
circles before placing the head on Jona's cunt hole. Slowly Lilli pushed it in,
all the way.... Half the double dildo was buried in Jona, the other half with
the second head was sticking out of her cunt. Jona leaned back on her hands,
loving the feeling of being filled, and spread her legs further. Lilli put on of
her legs on either side of Jona, climbed on top of the dildo and placed her cut
on the head. With one sudden shove she let it slide in all the way till their
hips met. Both were now completely filled by the huge dildo. And both were
loving it... "Now that's a lovely sight, I have to say," Master D. chuckled.
"And now fuck yourselves... I want to see some good fucking here, or else..."
The girls didn't need to be asked twice. Both started fucking the dildo, moving
back and forth, thrusting their hips towards each other. Both knew the feeling
of fucking themselves with dildos, but having another girl fuck back was so very 
horny. It turned them both on so incredibly much.... Lilli was moaning and
moaning, and Jona's breathing got harder and harder... Every once in a while one
of the girls looked at the camera, which made them even hornier.



"Remember, no cumming!" he sternly reminded them. Lilli, however, was already on
the edge. "But I need to cum, please, please, let me cum," she begged. "I don't
remember having giving you permission to beg to cum, you fucking whore" she
replied. "Please, Sir, pleeeaaaeee..." Lilli begged again, her hips bucking
wildly... Master D. put the camera away. "Enough of that, slut! You will learn
to listen to me! For now however, I have something else in mind."

He pointed at his crotch. "Suck me off, sluts, quickly." Both girls smiled at
each other and crawled towards Him. Jona opened the zipper and pulled out his
already hard cock. Immediately Lilli started licking the head, her tongue
flicking round and round and over the top again and again. Jona fondled His
balls and licked the shaft up and down. After a while they switched around, and
Jona started sucking Him off. His cock sliding in and out of her mouth, in and
out... When He groaned, both girls changed to licking His cock at the same time,
both tongues pleasing His hot hard cock, licking and sucking all over it in
turns. "Mmmm....," he moaned, fucking their mouths in turns. After a little
while he grabbed their hair and pulled their heads back.



"Get on the sofa," he demanded, "next to each other, and spread those legs!" The
girls did as they were told, laid down next to each other and spread their legs
wide. He got up, knelt down in front of the sofa and put two fingers in each
cunt. His right hand fucked Jona, His left hand fucked Lilli at the same time.
Their wetness made wet fucking sounds as He slammed His fingers in and out of
His slave's cunts. They were so horny and right on the edge of cumming.... Just
when they thought they couldn't take it anymore, he pulled out His fingers. Jona
moaned in frustration, so desperately wanting to cum.  Master D. moved closer,
His hard dripping cock looking ready and hot. "I will fuck you both now, in
turns, I will use you like that piece of fuck property you are." With that, He
shoved His cock up Lilli's cunt, that was just inches away from Jona's. He
started taking her hard, pumping harder and harder. Lilli moaned harder with
every thrust, and even Jona moaned, watching every move. After two minutes He
pulled out of Lilli and quickly slid His now wet cock into Jona's eager cunt.
"MMmm...." Moan after moan escaped her lips. His hard cock fucking her, then
Lilli again, then Jona again, changing between them all the time. After one last
hard thrust, He pulled out His cock just in time before his hot cum came
shooting out, covering them all over both their cunts, stomachs, legs,
everywere.



As soon as He recovered, He placed his fingers between their legs again. One
finger of each hand on each clit, rubbing them hard. He told them "You may beg
permission to cum, sluts!" Immediately Jona started begging "Please, Sir, please
may I cum for You Sir, please make me cum..." And Lilli just said "Please,
please" all over again... "You may cum for Your Master!" he replied, and no
sooner had He said that, when both girl started bucking their hips and moaned
loudly "mmmm" and both exploded into intense orgasms, His fingers still firmly
between their legs.

It took ages for them to settle down again and come to their senses. He placed
one hand on each of their mouths, and Lilli had to lick Jona's juices off His
right hand, while Jona was licking Lilli's juices of His left hand.



"Well, well, well, girls, Your Master is very pleased with your behaviour
tonight. I'm going to leave now. Enjoy the rest of the evening, and I shall be
dropping in again one day, be sure of that!"










"Have some more wine," Lilli said and poured another glass for her friend Jona. They had been working together and both quit their job on the same day, and tonight they had been out celebrating their last day of work. They were lounging on the sofa, giggling. "I think I'm getting drunk," Jona laughed. "Don't worry," Lilli replied, "you know you can stay here for the night, my bed's big enough." They laughed again and knowingly smiled at each other. Last time Jona was staying for the night they were a bit naughty up in the bedroom. There were four of them having some fun, but tonight there was just the two of them. Lilli yawned "I think I'm quite tired now," and snuggled up on the sofa next to Jona. "Yeah," Jona replied, "me too," and put her arm around Lilli. "Thanks for the nice evening, sweetheart." "Yeah, it was great fun." They both smiled at each other. "So...," Jona started, "to return to our earlier topic of conversation... You've had two foursomes but have never been with just another woman, have you?" "No, that&#8217;s right. Never with a woman alone." Jona smiled and mustered Lilli, with her long golden blond hair, lovely small breasts and nice slim figure. "Me neither," Jona said, stroking Lilli's arm, "but there's always a first time for everything, isn't there?" Lilli was wearing a short jeans skirt that showed her long pretty legs. For some bizarre reason, Jona found herself excited by lying next to such a gorgeous girl. She had never fancied women but always loved men, but now she did not know what was happening. She wanted nothing more than to touch Lilli's leg and let her hand glide up her thigh. Jona swallowed, reached for her glass of wine and finished it in one go. Softly, Jona whispered "I don't normally do this but.... I really really want you right now..." Nervously she waited for Lilli's response, and when there was none but a smile Jona placed her right hand on Lilli's tanned thigh and softly stroked it. Lilli didn't seem to mind at all, in return she started stroking Jona's arm. How different a woman felt compared to a man. Everything's so soft and gentle. The girls looked at each other and slowly their faces moved towards each other. They were both rather nervous. Like in slow motion they placed a gentle kiss on each other's lips. How soft even a woman's lips were! Another kiss followed and soon their lips were locked and the tips of their tongues started teasing each other. As soon as their tongues touched it was as if a bolt of electricity went through Jona's body. Their kiss became more passionate, and the longer they kissed, the more confident they became. It was so exciting to kiss another girl, and so deliciously forbidden. That made it even more arousing. They were both really hot right now and did not care that they were still in the living room where any of Lilli's flat mates could have come in and surprised them at any moment. Jona could not help herself anymore,... her hand started moving up Lilli's soft thigh.... Higher and higher, under the jeans skirt... Lilli gasped a little in anticipation. Jona looked in Lilli's eyes and let her hand move over Lilli's hips... She could feel her little panties. Her hand moved towards the front and right in between Lilli's legs. Lilli moaned a little and opened her legs some more. At the same time she started fondling Jona's breasts. First over her shirt, then her hands moved under the fabric, pushing the bra aside, touching Jona's skin. By now they were both breathing harder. There was none of the initial shyness left. Jona stroked Lilli's pussy through her panties and she could already feel her wetness. She could feel Lilli's tender fingers playing with her nipples that were already hard. Jona wanted to feel Lilli, wanted to tease and please her and drive her crazy with pleasure.... She pushed the panties aside and slid one finger underneath, feeling Lilli's soft pussy lips. Moaning, Lilli's hand started moving all over Jona's body as well, slowly reaching in between her legs, stroking Jona's cunt with slight pressure. When Jona moaned, obviously very aroused by just that slight touch, Lilli opened the zipper of Jona's jeans..."Oh yes..." Jona whispered. Lilli's hand reached inside and stroked her friend's pussy, feeling the wet spot on her panties. They kissed again, passionately, and then separated as Lilli bent and pulled Jona's jeans and panties off in one go. At the same time, Jona pulled Lilli's skirt and panties down. They smiled at each other again and then pulled off their t-shirts as well. All that was left now was their bras, but not for much longer, as they both reached for the other one's, opened them and ripped them off. As soon as the clothes had gone, so had the inhibitions. They were all over each other, kissing, stroking, their tongues exploring the other one's body. Both were really wet now, their hands were stroking each other's cunts, their tongues were playing with the other one's nipples, it was just wild passion... Both girls were moaning and breathing hard, completely forgetting where they were. Jona slid a finger in between Lilli's cunt lips, feeling her moistness, exploring the strange yet familiar feeling of a woman's pussy. Lilli moaned and Jona rammed the finger up Lilli's cunt. Mmmmm.... It was so wet, and she could feel Lilli thrusting her hips towards that finger. Jona started fucking Lilli with one finger, then two, the three. She pushed her back on the sofa, and moved her face closer to Lilli's cunt when the door opened. The girls were so hot and focused, they did not even realize that someone entered the room and silently closed the door again. Jona's tongue flickered over Lilli's clit, while her fingers were still fucking her friend. Lilli had closed her eyes and was moaning louder and louder. Jona tasted her friends juices and was extremely aroused by this completely new experience. She had never gone down on a woman before, but this seemed so natural. She loved how Lilli seemed to enjoy it, being finger-fucked by a girl, and this turned Jona on immensely as well. Jona's tongue explored Lilli's cunt lips, wetness and teased her clit again and again. There were sounds of wetness as her fingers still slammed in and out of Lilli at the same time. Just when Lilli started saying "Mmm... I think I'm gonna cum," there was a dark voice saying "Ok, that's enough you little sluts!" In shock both girls opened their eyes wide and turned around, startled. "Oh my god," Jona whispered... She immediately recognized the man standing in the middle of the room. "You seem surprised to see me here, slave slut," he said, thoroughly enjoying the situation. Both girls hastily tried to grab their clothes to cover themselves up, but he sternly said: "Don't even think about it, whores! You will stay exactly as you are!" Jona looked down, knowing they had no choice. "Yes, Sir, she said. Her Master walked over to the sofa. "I can see you weren't expecting me," he laughed. "I did not tell you I would be in town on a business trip, and when you told me you'd be out with Lilli tonight, I couldn't resist surprising you. I knew you'd be up to no good. And, just as I had suspected, what do I see as I walk in here? Two naked sluts, being all over each other, fucking each other's cunts.... Typical!" Both girls looked down. That was certainly an interesting twist to the evening. "So tell me, has anyone cum yet?" he demanded. Both girls shook their heads, and Jona answered "No, Sir." "Good," he nodded, "I'm not sure if I will allow you to cum at all tonight. Now.... Slave Jona knows me very well, Lilli, and you will certainly get to know me too by the end of the evening," he grinned. Jona looked over to Lilli... She wasn't sure how Lilli would react. Jona has always been a sub, and Master D. had owned her for 6 years, and even though Lilli sometimes hinted that she liked being submissive, this was a bit surprising after all. Lilli was not protesting though. She seemed curious as to what He had in store for them. Jona smiled at Master D. as if to say "See, I told you so." "Very well," he ordered, "on your knees." Immediately Jona moved into her well-known position, and Lilli quickly followed suit. Master D. sat down in the middle of the sofa, the girls were kneeling in front of him, looking down. He silently studied them for a while. Now one but two dirty sluts at His feet. One as naughty and submissive as the other, apparently. He smiled to Himself. �Now how about entertaining me...," he told them, "lean back and spread those legs." Without hesitation, the girls leaned back, resting on their hands behind them and spread their legs a little. "Further!" he demanded, I wanna see those wet cunts." Both girls obeyed, spreading their legs further and further, their lower thighs touching. "That's better," they could hear Him say. That was quite a sight. Two young sluts, sitting in front of Him with spread legs, both horny as hell. He studied their cunts closely. Jona's completely shaven, as always, and Lilli's with a nicely trimmed golden triangle. He was very please with what he saw. �Actually, I think I need to get something out of my bag. Stay just like that, don&#8217;t move an inch!" With that, He walked back to the door where He had left his black bag. He brought it back to the sofa with Him and took out a camera. "Oh no," Jona thought, "not on tape. �He leaned back on the sofa, switching on the camera. The red light came on, and both girls were turned on by the thought of being on camera. But whether they liked it or not, there was nothing they could do about it anyway. He zoomed in on their private parts... "And now introduce yourselves, sluts!" Jona could not believe it. She was staring right into the camera, her cunt was dripping wet from this embarrassing situation. "I'm slave Jona, Sir. Your fuck property, and Yours to please You, Sir." "Are you horny, slut?" "Yes, Sir, Your slut is very horny, Sir." "Yes, what else could you expect of a cheap little whore.... Now you!" he said turning to Lilli. "I'm slut Lilli, I'm a horny whore too,...... Sir" she softly said. He laughed out loud... "Of course you are, little one. Well, then you better get started with the show! Jona, put a finger in Lilli's cunt, and you Lilli, you will finger-fuck Jona... I want to see you horny, close to cumming but don't you dare cum without my permission!" Without thinking or hesitating, the girls obeyed. Lilli's finger explored Jona's pussy, in and out, in and out. And Jona started fucking her friend's wet cunt again, just like before. "Mmmmm...." Moan after moan escaped the girl's lips. "Yes, you cunts.. fuck yourselves harder!" he ordered. Harder and harder with more and more fingers they were fucking each other, with Him filming everything. "Now, I've also brought my little sluts a toy," he said, reaching into his bag again. Out came a double dildo, with a head on each end. "That should make for some great viewing, huh?!" he laughed and threw it at them. "I want you two to fuck yourselves properly now! Hard and good. And you better be good or I'll need to give you a good lesson. And remember: No fucking cumming!" "Oh my god," Jona thought. She couldn't believe it. Lilli looked startled as well. After a few seconds Jona reached for the toy. She was familiar with strap-ons but this thing was something she only knew from films. The girls positioned themselves facing each other... Lilli took the dildo from Jona's hands and leaned forward. She teased Jona's clit with it, moving it around it in circles before placing the head on Jona's cunt hole. Slowly Lilli pushed it in, all the way.... Half the double dildo was buried in Jona, the other half with the second head was sticking out of her cunt. Jona leaned back on her hands, loving the feeling of being filled, and spread her legs further. Lilli put on of her legs on either side of Jona, climbed on top of the dildo and placed her cunt on the head. With one sudden shove she let it slide in all the way till their hips met. Both were now completely filled by the huge dildo. And both were loving it... "Now that's a lovely sight, I have to say," Master D. chuckled. "And now fuck yourselves... I want to see some good fucking here, or else..."The girls didn't need to be asked twice. Both started fucking the dildo, moving back and forth, thrusting their hips towards each other. Both knew the feeling of fucking themselves with dildos, but having another girl fuck back was so very horny. It turned them both on so incredibly much.... Lilli was moaning and moaning, and Jona's breathing got harder and harder... Every once in a while one of the girls looked at the camera, which made them even hornier. "Remember, no cumming!" he sternly reminded them. Lilli, however, was already on the edge. "But I need to cum, please, please, let me cum," she begged. "I don't remember having giving you permission to beg to cum, you fucking whore" he replied. "Please, Sir, pleeeaaaseee..." Lilli begged again, her hips bucking wildly... Master D. put the camera away. "Enough of that, slut! You will learn to listen to me! For now however, I have something else in mind. "He pointed at his crotch. "Suck me off, sluts, quickly." Both girls smiled at each other and crawled towards Him. Jona opened the zipper and pulled out his already hard cock. Immediately Lilli started licking the head, her tongue flicking round and round and over the top again and again. Jona fondled His balls and licked the shaft up and down. After a while they switched around, and Jona started sucking Him off. His cock sliding in and out of her mouth, in and out... When He groaned, both girls changed to licking His cock at the same time, both tongues pleasing His hot hard cock, licking and sucking all over it in turns. "Mmmm....," he moaned, fucking their mouths in turns. After a little while he grabbed their hair and pulled their heads back. "Get on the sofa," he demanded, "next to each other, and spread those legs!" The girls did as they were told, laid down next to each other and spread their legs wide. He got up, knelt down in front of the sofa and put two fingers in each cunt. His right hand fucked Jona, His left hand fucked Lilli at the same time. Their wetness made wet fucking sounds as He slammed His fingers in and out of His slave's cunts. They were so horny and right on the edge of cumming.... Just when they thought they couldn't take it anymore, he pulled out His fingers. Jona moaned in frustration, so desperately wanting to cum. Master D. moved closer, His hard dripping cock looking ready and hot. "I will fuck you both now, in turns, I will use you like that piece of fuck property you are." With that, He shoved His cock up Lilli's cunt that was just inches away from Jona's. He started taking her hard, pumping harder and harder. Lilli moaned harder with every thrust, and even Jona moaned, watching every move. After two minutes He pulled out of Lilli and quickly slid His now wet cock into Jona's eager cunt. "MMmm...." Moan after moan escaped her lips. His hard cock fucking her, then Lilli again, then Jona again, changing between them all the time. After one last hard thrust, He pulled out His cock just in time before his hot cum came shooting out, covering them all over both their cunts, stomachs, legs, everywhere. As soon as He recovered, He placed his fingers between their legs again. One finger of each hand on each clit, rubbing them hard. He told them "You may beg permission to cum, sluts!" Immediately Jona started begging "Please, Sir, please may I cum for You Sir, please make me cum..." And Lilli just said "Please, please" all over again... "You may cum for Your Master!" he replied, and no sooner had He said that, when both girl started bucking their hips and moaned loudly "mmmm" and both exploded into intense orgasms, His fingers still firmly between their legs. It took ages for them to settle down again and come to their senses. He placed one hand on each of their mouths, and Lilli had to lick Jona's juices off His right hand, while Jona was licking Lilli's juices of His left hand. "Well, well, well, girls, Your Master is very pleased with your behaviour tonight. I'm going to leave now. Enjoy the rest of the evening, and I shall be dropping in again one day, be sure of that!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jona


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





