BDSM Library - Tracey




Tracey
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A reunion between ex-lovers after 12 years.
Tracey

"I should kidnap you."

Her sharp intake of breath was all I needed to hear.

"Where's your coat?" She pointed to the corridor. "One question. Limits?"

"None but the old ones."

"Good. Now, you will go and find your coat and then go to the end of the hall.
Take off your bra and wait for me. Say any good-byes you need to and if anyone
asks, say you are being kidnapped, taken away and being tied up for the next
couple of days. You have two minutes to complete this complex task. Each
additional minute will be punished by one hour. Go."

"Yes, Master!" I love those words. I checked my watch and sat back to observe
her progress. She stopped several times to say good bye. I saw one somewhat
surprised expression and a few lustful ones. Tracey was a delectable morsel,
especially since the surgery. She stood about five foot three inches in her
stocking feet and I considered her painfully thin. She was a natural redhead
with thick flowing tresses that reached just past her ass. Unusually, she had no
freckles, but she shied away from the sun as her alabaster skin burned at the
slightest exposure.

We had been parted for about 12 years and in that time she had done something
about the one aspect of her body that bothered her. Actually, there were two
things. She constantly thought she was fat, which is not true, but she'd had an
absolute idiot of a boyfriend who nicknamed her "fatty". Moron. The heaviest she
had ever been was 110 lb. Now she weighed an even 100. And she had a nice new
pair of tits, 'C's if I am a judge. She used to be 'AA' and on the small side of
that, but had very nice sensitive nipples. She told me, as we sat cuddled on the
couch in the common room that she had had them pierced and was hoping she would
run into me to tell me about that, just to see my reaction. That was when I
suggested kidnapping.

Other details are relatively unimportant but I will fill you in regardless.

As I said, we had been parted for about 12 years and she had found this moron to
take my place. He was not the original replacement. No. She had chosen another
jerk, Bruce, who decided she was trash and treated her as such.

This other idiot, the moron who called this skinny creature fat was relatively
well off. She stayed with him for about 8 years and had said she was happy. I
knew she wasn't but kept out of it. I had put my suit of armour in mothballs. In
a large trunk. I had buried that trunk in the backyard. On another continent.

Anyway. She stayed with the moron. He complained about her tiny tits. In fact,
he complained about everything about her, but her tits were just one thing that
she caught him up on. "If you don't like my teeny boobies, buy me some big
ones!"

He did. And she left him about a year later. The surgeon seemed to have inserted
some self-confidence with the saline.

That was a year ago and the nipple rings were about the same age. Nicely healed
she told me. Sensitive? She gave me a wide eyed expression.

Her progress was not that quick. She got down the end of the coat aisle after
four minutes. I followed her and grabbed my coat as I passed it. I used to be a
boy scout and was always prepared. In my pocket was a hank of good white nylon
rope about 15 feet long. Boy scout? Two hanks of rope!! I pulled one out as I
approached her. She looked slightly nervous. And excited. I found the middle of
the rope and doubled it. I told her to turn around.

"Yes, Master."

"Have you been trained?"

"Yes, Master. I have had one master and two mistresses."

"I shall have to hear some details about those last two. Are you going to make
it easy? Or shall I have to force it out of you?"

"Do whatever you want to me but I shall tell you nothing! Just don't throw me
into the briar patch!"

"Once I have you tied up, I won't be throwing you into anything but my bed... or
dungeon!"

As we spoke I was tying her elbows tightly together and cinching it in the
middle. She had always been very flexible. I then lashed her hands together in
the same fashion. That used up all of the first piece of rope. I fished the
other length out of my coat, doubled it and began to wrap it around her waist. I
tied it off in the front and let the remaining three feet dangle in front of her
crotch.

"Guess what this is for." She grinned, turned and moved her ankles 18 inches
apart. I reached under and brought the rope between her legs and began to attach
the loose ends to her wrist bindings.

She turned around just as someone came looking for their coat. My back was to
the intruder so Tracey was hidden from view. I took her in my arms and began to
kiss her deeply. She responded passionately, thrusting her breasts into my belly
and moaning into my mouth. She struggled slightly, getting a feel for her bonds.
I had tied her well. She was well and truly bound.

A few minutes after our visitor had left, I pulled away. I looked down at my
prisoner. She looked back. "Naughty." I grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled
her head back. Her eyes closed. I ran my free hand down the front of her,
feeling the large breasts pressing against the fabric of her white blouse. Her
nipples pushed against the material and the rings were clearly outlined. I
pulled lightly at the rope that vanished into the crotch of her jeans. She
gasped.

"Master?"

"Yes my slave."

"I am sorry I am not wearing a skirt and stockings for you."

"That's all right. We can rectify that at my place. Well, half of it anyway."
She looked slightly puzzled for a moment and then realized I meant just the
stockings, but without the skirt.

I draped her coat over her shoulders. The coat was long and almost fell closed
in front. The crotch rope showed only to those who were looking for it.

We made it down the stairs and out the door without any encounters and we turned
towards my car which was a couple of blocks away.

"I would imagine you are finding the crotch-rope somewhat entertaining."

"Yes, Master. I have suffered worse though."

"Oh? Do tell."

"Ben-wa balls and butt plug without any underwear."

"Interesting."

"Yes, Master. The butt plug was not a problem, but the balls wanted to slip out.
You know how wet I get."

"Oh yeah! Extra juicy, that's you. I am surprised about the butt plug, though.
New explorations?"

"A very firm Mistress. She introduced me to the concept of anal sex without
asking first. Probably the best way for me at the time. We were getting into S&M
and she, like you, was into gags. I still hate them."

"But they aren't 'safe-word' material?"

"Of course not! They still get me hot."

"I created a monster all those years ago, didn't I?"

"Yes, Master. And I will never forgive you for it!"

"All those things you thought you wouldn't like, eh? Bondage. Lingerie. Women.
And here were are, reunited for all of an hour and you are already tightly tied
and about to be more so. Isn't life interesting?"

"Yes, Master. More so, you say?"

"Yes. This is my car. Trunk? Hog-tied in the back seat?"

"Please. Not the trunk. It's so impersonal."

"Briar patch? This is a kidnapping, after all." I opened up the trunk and began
to rummage. She was beginning to think I was clearing some room for her in the
chaos. I found what I was looking for.

"Open wide, slave." She obeyed instantly and I popped the red rubber ball behind
her teeth and proceeded to buckle the strap. I grabbed some more rope and shut
the trunk. I opened the passenger side door and had her sit with her legs on the
curb. I tied her knees together and cinched them tight. I crossed her ankles and
tied them, leaving a two foot tail of rope. I turned her in the seat and tied
the two foot section of rope to the seat mounting. I buckled her seat-belt as
she seemed unable to do so at the moment. I pushed her hips back into the seat
and made sure the lap-belt was tight.

"Comfortable?" She shook her head no. "Good." I could see her eyes smile.

It was just over an hour's drive to my home. Every now and then she would squirm
in her bonds and I could hear her breathing getting heavier. Between major
squirms, I could see the crotch-rope being pulled tight from behind.

I turned into the drive and I heard a sharp intake of breath next to me. She was
staring at my house. It was a big one. She turned to look at me, unable to speak
for obvious reasons.

"Lottery. Nice, eh?"

I pulled in to the garage and triggered the closer. I shut off the engine and
turned to her. She had a face that looked great in a gag. Some faces, the eyes
get pulled down at the corners. I think this spoils the effect of a good
gagging. The slave looks so sad. Tracey didn't have this, particularly when she
was excited, like now. Her eyes brightened and lust stared back at you.

I pushed the button on her seatbelt and got out of the car. I opened her side,
turned her and helped her stand. I bent, heaved her over my shoulder and carried
her into my home. I could feel her head swiveling around trying to see as she
was carried in. I took her directly upstairs and into the huge walk-in closet.
It was more of an ante room between the bathroom and bedroom. I placed her on
her feet, keeping a hand on her to keep her steady as her ankles were crossed.

"So, what brings you here? An appliance dolly?" Her eyes said, "Ha. Ha." I
chuckled and opened a drawer beside her. "Pink tonight." I pulled out a delicate
pink garter-belt, white seamed stockings and a quarter-cup bra that matched the
garter-belt. I placed these items on top of the bureau. I pointed to a
collection of shoes at the back of the room. I began to untie her after gently
seating her on a stool. I started with her ankles and worked my way up until
finally her elbows were freed. The last item was the ball-gag.

"You have 30 minutes. There is the bathroom. You will find everything you need
to make yourself even more beautiful. You will wear this." I pointed to the
lingerie and then to a silk kimono hanging near the door. "The shower is an
excellent one, please enjoy it. Towels aplenty in the closet in there. There is
a shower cap in the cabinet. I am going to smoke a joint. There is stuff here.
Don't, if you don't want to. When you are ready in 30 minutes, enter this door
and kneel in the light, eyes down. I will satisfy your curiosity about this
place after I have satisfied mine with your body. That should only take a few
hours. Don't be late. You already have a two hour punishment coming. Any
questions?"

"No Master."

"Good! You look like you will clean up nicely. I want you primed when you enter,
but you are not allowed to cum until so ordered. There is a nice vibrator in the
medicine cabinet, if you need it. There is a clock in the bathroom. There will
be a two minute warning. Later, slave." I gave her a kiss and left her only
slightly bewildered.

I left by the same door we had entered and turned to fetch several items from
other rooms. I had somewhat less that 30 minutes to get ready and far more to do
to be prepared. After gathering all the necessary equipment from seemingly the
furthest reaches on my estate and setting up, I was finally able to have my own
shower with only ten minutes to spare.

I decided to dress for the occasion. Leather chaps, codpiece and white shirt
open to the crotch with full pleated sleeves. I also chose a black satin mask
that covered my face down to the upper lip. Add riding boots with spurs and I
was ready and horny beyond belief! I sat down in a leather club chair and lit up
a joint. Beside the chair was a portable PC that was wired to the entire house,
controlling such niceties as heat, air conditioning, lighting and the sound
system. Enya was called for, followed by Clannad, Loreena McKinnett. We might
get into the Black Sabbath and Beethoven a little later.

The room was pitch dark except for a single shaft of light about 10 feet away
from my chair. The light fell on a cushion on which my all too willing victim
will place herself in just three minutes. My codpiece was getting uncomfortable
containing my now throbbing erection. The smoke was just starting to creep up on
me when she entered.

She could follow orders, I gave her that. She was a stunning vision to an old
pervert like me. She entered the room, turned and closed the door behind her
without looking up. Truth be told, the light from the change room had spoiled
the effect, but she didn't look up. She understood the game and the melodrama it
entailed. The lingering smoke from my joint drifted into the shaft of light,
enhancing its effect. She came directly to the cushion and knelt down in the
light.

Years ago, she would have done the same thing but her posture would have been
different. She would have slouched, her shoulders forward creating almost a
hollow of her chest. Now she sat with pride, her chest out, shoulders back and
her hands resting lightly on her thighs. Her knees were parted about six inches,
her head was up and her eyes down. I sat and drank her in letting her submission
and beauty wash over me along with the pot. Her posture was perfect but I had to
put my own stamp on it. She had been trained to kneel this way. There were
probably several other positions she was trained for including fingers laced
behind her head, gripping her elbows behind her back and wrists crossed. She had
chosen a very neutral position and probably knew I would direct her to another.

"Hands behind you, slave. The backs of your hands against each cheek." She
shifted instantly.

"Who trained you, slave?"

"My Mistress, Master. She is a very beautiful woman. Very dominant. She owns me
still."

"Do you like the taste of pussy, slave?"

"Yes, Master. I love the taste of my mistress."

"Only your mistress?"

"Yes, Master."

"Not other women?"

"No Master. I am not allowed to be with other women, only my mistress."

"What about men? What about me?"

"I am not allowed to be with new men, Master. I have permission from my mistress
to be only with men I have already been with. There is only you that I would
want to be with and Mistress knows this. Also, my mistress gives me to other
women occasionally as a punishment."

"Your mistress knows about me?"

"Yes, Master. She knows all about you. She knows about tonight."

"Eh?! How could she? Wait. Was she at the meeting tonight?"

"Yes, Master."

"Do I know her?"

"Yes, Master."

"Who is she?"

"I cannot tell you Master."

"Stand, slave. You will tell me what I want to know."

I stood up and approached her and she saw me for the first time in my finery. I
grabbed a leather harness from off of a coat-hook as I passed.

I reached down and plunged my hand between her legs. She gasped and staggered
slightly. I thrust two fingers deep into her. She was soaking. I noted that her
nether lips were shaved but she retained a neatly trimmed bush above. Good, I
thought. I hate for a woman to look like a child down there. Besides, I liked it
when the hairs tickled my nose, but I loved the feel of smooth, hairless pussy
on my lips. The best of both worlds!

I brought my hand up and licked a little juice of off one finger. I then held it
out to her.

"Lick it clean, slave." This she did with enthusiasm, greedily sucking my
fingers and making the codpiece more uncomfortable. After I had her stop I began
to put the leather harness on her lovely body. It was very like a full ponygirl
harness but with few attachments. After the harness had her flesh bulging in the
right places I began to apply a single sleeve. This drew her elbows tight
together and made her arms into a single, useless limb. It took some time to
apply as it was a lace-up type and not the simpler zipper variety. This added
more leather straps to her torso and added further tension to her shoulders. But
she did not complain. She knew that she would not get a whipping or a spanking
from me and this was her torment. She didn't know how long she was to be bound
thus and also knew that there was more to come.

I grabbed an 18 inch spreader bar with cuffs attached and put it to use on her
slim, well defined ankles. I ran my hands up her legs which had begun to tremble
slightly. I love the junction of stocking top and thigh and lingered there for
several moments.

I held up a high posture collar and three small padlocks.

"With this collar, I make you my slave. I will not remove this collar until I am
finished with you this weekend. In fact, the keys are out in the garden, in the
dark. I won't be able to find them until morning and neither will you. Are you
willing to submit completely, slave?"

"Yes Master." Her voice was soft and compelling. She had changed much in the
years. I liked this one.

"Bend over." She bent over at the waist and I pushed her long red hair over the
top of her head so I had unrestricted access to her neck. The collar was very
high, rigid and inhibiting. Very little movement was possible when properly
applied. The three padlocks fit into the grommets of buckles and locked it
irrevocably into place. I wasn't kidding about the keys. If she was in severe
distress, I could cut the collar off, but only in an emergency.

I had her stand straight again and brushed her hair out of her face. The effect
was electric! She was stunning. Lust shone out of her eyes and I couldn't take
it anymore.

"Kneel slave and suck your masters cock!"

She dropped to her knees and opened her mouth, waiting for me to impale her
face. I shoved the codpiece aside and fed my dick into her waiting mouth. She
attacked my cock with gusto. I couldn't believe it! Twelve years ago she
couldn't make me cum orally. She was just too gentle. Granted, it was wonderful
to watch that sweet face making slow gentle love to my root, but face it, she
was a lousy cock-sucker. Now she was sucking until her cheeks hollowed and I
could feel her tongue dancing all over my hard cock. She rocked back and forth
on her knees, riding my hardness with her face. I couldn't help it!

I came.

My seed gushed out of me and splashed the back of her throat. She slowed her
rhythm and took my whole length into her mouth. I was cumming and jerking about
like a fish on a hook and could feel her throat massaging the helmut of my cock.
I tried to pull back but she sucked harder, keeping me in her mouth. She knew
how sensitive I became after orgasm and she was milking my cock deliberately,
causing almost unbearable sensation. I pulled out of her mouth forcefully and
due to her bondage, she could not follow.

I staggered to my chair and sat down to gather my thoughts.

I was very stoned and my cock was singing. I looked down at it. It lay against
my thigh entirely flaccid. It would be hours before It would get back up. I
looked at her. In as much as an exotically clad and very tightly bound woman can
look it, she managed to look sweet, demure and innocent. Yeah, she knew what she
was doing.

"That, my dear, was truly amazing. But I am going to have to punish you for it."

"Thank you, Master." She said quietly, her eyes down. She glanced up at me. I
saw her eyes were red. So, she had smoked as well. Cool!

I reached for my most severe gag; a combination harness ball-gag with too many
straps and a built-in blind-fold. She looked at it with trepidation but opened
her mouth to accept her punishment. It took several minutes to put it on her.

"Well that took some time. I hope you like it because you will be wearing it for
a while. Punishment time. A few hours at least."

I sat back down and watched her for a few minutes. Her helplessness was very
nearly complete. She looked great, but I knew she could look greater! I had a
plan...



End of Part 1

Lord Zaphod




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lord Zaphod


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





