BDSM Library - The Beginning




The Beginning
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story about slave's use one evening for her Master and Master's friends.
The Beginning

The slave knelt on the floor in the middle of the room.  Plugged in both arse
and cunt.  Her nipples and clit clamped.  Wearing her collar and wrist cuffs and
her arms linked behind her head. She had been waiting for what seemed ages.  The
text message had told her how to present herself and to kneel and wait for her
Master to arrive.

She heard the car arrive and felt the rush of excitement.  She heard the door
open and felt the cold breeze on her back.  Nothing was said and she had been
warned not to turn or speak.  A blindfold was placed over her eyes and the world
was plunged into darkness.  The clamps were removed from her nipples and clit,
the pain causing her to moan, she went to move her arms to rub the sore areas
but her hands were stopped.  She was pushed forward so her head was touching the
ground and her arse and cunt exposed to view.  The plug and the dildo were
removed; leaving her felt empty and cold.

She was raised to her feet and her arms placed down by her side.  Still not a
word had been spoken.  She felt her arms being pulled out and attached to the
beam that rang across the ceiling; the ropes were pulled tight stretching her
body.  Once standing on tip toes her legs were moved further apart and kept that
way by the 3ft spreader bar.

She couldn't move more than an inch in any direction.  She was left alone again
not quite sure where Master had gone. 

She felt the light brush of the whip on her back, the strokes landing at regular
intervals and on different points of her body.  Her back moving down to her
buttocks and back up again.  The whip snaking around her body at time striking
her breasts and stomach and cunt. 

The strokes became harder and every so often Master would stop and pinch her
nipples running his finger between her legs feeling the wetness dripping down
her cunt lips.

After what seemed an eternity the whipping stopped and she was released from the
ropes that held her taught.  She was pushed down to her knees.  She felt
something resting against her breasts and her nipple rings being pulled taught
even when they were released they remained extended.  She knew what it was; she
had seen a picture once and had always wanted to try, to see how it felt.  Her
nipples now stood a good inch and a half from her body.  She felt very sexy. 
The lead was attached to her collar and she was pulled to her feet. 

She was moved around the room stopping at certain points.  She felt that there
must have been someone else there. 

She was returned to the centre of the room and a chain placed around her waist. 
The chain had two lengths attached to it these were attached to her wrist cuffs
giving a certain amount of movement but not a lot.  Ankle cuffs were also
attached and then two further lengths of rope attached to the chain around her
waist and from there to the ankle cuffs.  Her movements were very restricted. 
The blindfold was removed from her eyes and after her eyes adjusted to the room. 
She saw that the room was full of men at least ten. 

Master spoke for the first time and turned to her and said introduce yourself.

Good evening Sirs my name is slave elle and I am the Master's whore.  I am a
three hole slut.  My cunt, arse and mouth are all fuck holes to be used without
consideration or mercy.  It is my job and pleasure to please you in whatever
manner you require.  I have no rights and no limits save those given to me by
Master.

And do you do this of your own free will.

Yes Master

Stand in front of each of our guests and allow them to inspect you.

I walked and stood in front of the first guest as he felt my cunt and body. 
Once he was satisfied he moved me onto the next.  They all touched and felt my
body.  Once finished Master returned me to the centre of the room.  Now I want
you to crawl around the room and suck each cock until it is hard.  I moved to
the first taking the cock into my mouth and began to lick the head and the
shaft, taking it in turns to lick and then suck it deep into my mouth.  As soon
as it was hard I moved onto the next and repeated the same procedure until all
the cocks in the room had been serviced.  Master had me go round the round three
times sucking each cock for at least five minutes at a time.  I wanted to be
fucked now; I needed to feel cocks in my holes and to be fucked. 

Right whore now its time to fuck these kind gentlemen - you will go to each one
and ask which hole they wish to use and you will then beg them to fuck you in
that hole.  Unless they feel that you have begged in a correct and respectful
manner they will refuse and they will be entitled to punish you for insulting
them.

I crawled to the first guest and asked which hole he would like to fuck.  He
replied your cunt.  Please Sir I would love you to fuck my cunt with your
wonderful cock.

Whore it doesn't matter to me what you would love or not.  Bend over and raise
your arse.  I bent over and placed my head on the floor and raised my arse high
in the air.  He slapped my arse five times on each cheek; I could feel the
redness and heat from his hand.  Get up on your knees whore and ask again.  I
got up on my knees and as I did I received a slap across the face from the
guest.  Don't ever insult me again.

No Sir.  Please Sir fuck this whore cunt and allow me to try and please your
wonderful cock by milking it dry and taking all your cum.

Stand up and bend over the chair.  I stood and bent over and without any wasting
of time, he fucked his cock into my cunt with one stroke, he then began to fuck
me hard pounding his cock deep inside me.  After ten minutes he stopped and
pushed me onto the next man.  I was surprised because I knew that he hadn't
come.

Please Sir which of this whore's holes would you like to fuck.  Cunt he replied.

Please Sir fuck this whore's cunt with your wonderful cock so that it may please
and excite you.

Why would it excite me to fuck a worthless whore like you?  Bend over and assume
the punishment position.  I did as I was told and again I was slapped five times
on each cheek and when I knelt up once more across the face.  I knew then that
no matter how I asked I would be punished in this way by all of the guests. 

It continued with some fucking my cunt, others my arse and others my mouth. 
Once I had serviced all the guest once, Master asked if any would like to try
double or triple penetration.

A couple wanted to try double, so I lowered myself onto one cock and the other
either used my mouth or my arse.

Some wanted to try triple and again all three holes were used.  Being fucked
hard without mercy.  Once everyone had had enough.  Master had me kneel in the
middle of the room and they stood around me, their cocks standing out hard and
firm.  Master ordered me to keep going around the circle licking and sucking
them until they had all cum.  I began my task spending only a couple of licks on
each and once I had finished they were all stroking their cocks.  Waiting until
it was their turn again.  They were all so hard and beginning to breathe deeply
I knew that they would start to cum at any moment,  The first cum hit me in the
face and I was told to open my mouth wide and take as much as I could into my
mouth.  I turn around the room trying to catch as much cum as I could be there
was so much that my body and face were covered in cum.  Once everyone had
finished Master ordered me to clean their cocks.  I did so and afterwards knelt
in the middle of the room waiting for instructions.

Thank our guests for using you.

Sir this whore thanks you for using me and I hope that I pleased you.  If there
is anything else that you require please do not hesitate to ask.

I would like to see the whore being fisted. 

Lie down on your back and open your legs wide Master said and with that he began
to push his hand inside my cunt - I was so wet that it slipped in easily. 
Master fucked my cunt with his fist withdrawing completely and then fucking his
fist back in.  Please Master may I cum I begged.

No whore you may not - not until your arse has been fisted as well.  Get on your
hands and knees.

I got up on my hands and knees and Master began to push his fist into my arse,
his fist was very wet with all my cunt juice and slowly began to spread my anus
allowing his fist to slip inside for the first time.

One of the other guests came up and began to finger my cunt; the feeling was
unbelievable he then began to push his fist inside as well.  Now both my cunt
and arse were full and being pounded without mercy.

Please Master may I cum, please I beg you.  Clean the cum from your body, drink
it and when you have done then you may cum.

I cleaned the cum from my body with both hands stuffing it into my mouth
greedily until my body and face were clear.

Cum now my whore cum for the Master.  I came so hard and for so long I thought I
would pass out but eventually the feeling passed.  Both hands were withdrawn and
again my holes felt empty and cold.

Kneel Whore

I knelt in the middle of the room.

The cunt still looks messy said one of the guests.  I think she needs to be
hosed down.

Master pulled me up and led me outside to the garden, which was very secluded
and hidden from view.  Kneel down cunt.

I knelt in the garden and Master approached with a mouth ring, a devise designed
to keep the mouth open.  Your mouth will need to be cleaned also - I wondered
how they were going to do that as we didn't have a garden hose.  The guests
stood around me and began to piss on me hitting my body all over and aiming for
my mouth, feeling it with piss.  Once they had finished my body was covered in
piss, my hair, face, mouth and body.

Stand up cunt

I stood up and waited.  After what seemed age's Master spoke.

I am sure that you are also in need of relief.  You may go to the toilet.  I
started to walk away.

Where are you going?

To the bathroom Master

You are my cunt, my whore and my pet and as my pet you will be treated as one. 
Now stand still, open your legs and piss.

Yes Master

I stood in the garden, opened my legs and tried to pee but I couldn't.  I think
the cunt needs a bit of persuasion gentlemen I heard Master say.

If one of you will go and get the whip.

Please Master I am trying.

Too late you will take one stroke of the whip from each of the guest and thank
them in turn until I say stop.

Yes Master

The guest had returned with the whip and the whipping began.  I was trying to
force myself to go but each time the whip struck the pain pushing the feeling
away.  The strokes were getting harder but I now found it easier to block out
the feeling and suddenly I could feel and hear the piss, the steam rising from
the ground as the hot stream hit the cold earth. 

Good pet Master said.  The whipping will stop now.

Gentlemen let us retire into the house.  Cunt go to the bathroom and shower and
then return to us.  You have three minutes.

I entered the house and began heading for the bathroom. 

Crawl pet

I dropped to my knees and crawled though the rooms and into the bathroom.  I
showered as quickly as I could and dried my body. Making my way back to the
front room, as I approached I heard an alarm going off.

Oh dear Master said it appears my pet can't tell the time.

I crawled into the room.

You're late

I'm sorry Master I was as quick as possible please forgive me.

And what about our guests they have been kept waiting as well.

Sirs please forgive me for being tardy and keeping you waiting.  I apologise.

You have kept my cock waiting apologise to it also. 

Cock I am sorry to have kept you waiting

No come over here and look at it, take it in your hand and apologise and then
kiss it.

I crawled over to the cock, looking at it - I am sorry cock that I kept you
waiting please forgive me - I then kissed it.

And this cock too the next guest said.  I crawled over to him and looking at his
cock repeated - I am sorry cock that I kept you waiting please forgive me - I
then kissed it also.

All the cocks in the room wanted apologies so I crawled around the room
apologising to the cocks.

Once I had finished Master had me serve drinks to his guests.  Once everyone had
been served Master instructed me to carry on with my duties, which was to ensure
that every cock in the room was hard.

I crawled around the room sucking each cock for a number of minutes and then
moving on until all were hard again.

There was a knock at the door.  Master told me to go and open it.

I crawled over to the door and opened it. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slave elle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





