BDSM Library - Lisa's Lesson




Lisa's Lesson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A pretty girl gets humiliated and degraded as punishment for the way she treated her tormentor.  She won't make the same mistake again.
Lisa's Lesson

Fully clothed (for the moment), Lisa Snow hung by her wrists from the ceiling of
the dank and cold basement.  Clad only in a flimsy white shirt, black knee
length skirt and bra and panties, her head still aching from the chloroform, she
was only barely aware of her surroundings.

As her eyes became slowly accustomed to the dim light in the basement, she tried
to focus on how she had got here.  She remembered leaving the office, walking to
her car in the parking lot and fumbling in her purse for her keys.  She
remembered movement behind her, a shadow enveloping her, turning to see who was
behind her, then a dim recollection of being grabbed and a rag containing
something overpowering being forced over her nose and mouth.  Chloroform no
doubt.  Then it all became hazy.   Images of being bundled into the back of a
van, her hands being tied behind her back, her coat and boots being removed,
then ..... nothing until she awoke here, dangling from the ceiling, her arms
painfully stretched above her head.

As her mind came to terms with what had happened, she began to focus on her
present predicament.  She was aware that she was gagged with what appeared to be
a ballgag.  Lisa could feel the leather strap around her head and could taste
the rubber of the gag in her mouth.  Looking up, she could see her hands tied
together above her head secured to the ceiling by a chain dangling from a beam. 
Casting her eyes down, she could see her ankles firmly secured to rings built
into the floor, pulling her legs an uncomfortable distance apart.  She was
helpless, bound tightly in the middle of the room.  There was nothing she could
do but wait.

Lisa became aware of a noise behind her.  It sounded like a chair moving on the
stone floor.  She strained her ears to see if she could hear more but there was
no sound other than that of her own heavy breathing behind the ballgag.  She was
unable to move her head to look behind her.  Lisa swung there for a moment,
unsure what was happening although she now had this uncomfortable feeling that
there was someone else in the room with her, watching, waiting, drinking in her
torment.

And what a sight she must make, she thought.  Her body was stretched taut
against her bonds, her hard lithe body sharply defined against her clothes.

She heard a noise again and this time heard footsteps behind her.  She tensed
her body, helpless to resist what was to come.  Someone stepped in front of her. 
She looked up.  Standing in front of her was someone she knew.  A man she had
once worked with, someone who she had used for her own devices and then dropped
when his usefulness to her had ended.  Lisa tried to speak but the gag muffled
her words. 

The man watched as she squirmed against her bonds and a smile flickered across
his face.  The tables were now most definitely turned.  Now was the time he
would get his revenge - and revenge would be so sweet.  He'd teach her to treat
him like that.  Now it was she was going to be used until he had finished with
her.

Stepping towards her, he looked into her eyes.  Lisa bowed her head, avoiding
his gaze.  The man lifted her chin up with his finger, forcing her to look
directly at him.  Her hair fell across her face.  The man revelled in the fear
in her eyes, drinking it in, staring blank faced at her.  Looking into his eyes,
Lisa suddenly had a vision of what was to happen to her.  She saw her naked
body, her face dripping with semen, her breasts bruised from handling , her
pussy sore and used.  She saw her nude form writhing under the force of a hard
cock thrust deep into her unyielding cunt, a cock jutting up between her
breasts, jetting cum over her and then forced into her mouth.  She tasted the
salty tang of cum, saw her hair matted with semen, her back and buttocks covered
with stripes from whippings and spankings.  She saw herself as a sex slave, as
something to be used and abused, a plaything to be fucked whenever her master
wanted, to be humiliated and treated like a dog.

Letting her head drop, the man stepped back and admired the helpless woman.  He
had seen the realisation of what was going to happen to her well up into her
eyes.  She knew there was nothing he couldn't and wouldn't do with her.  The man
laughed and pushed her body, making her swing gently.  Looking at her, head
hanging in shame, swaying, he knew he couldn't wait any longer.  It was time for
Lisa's first lesson.

He did not speak.  He simply stepped forward and slowly began to unbutton her
shirt.  One by one, he opened the buttons, each one exposing more of her body. 
As he did so, the man looked up into her face.  Was that a tear in her eye?  He
certainly hoped so.

Lisa trembled as his hands brushed against her skin.  Soon her shirt was fully
unbuttoned and hung limp around her body, falling open revealing her lightly
tanned torso and white lacy bra.  The man reached in and caressed her bare hips. 
Involuntarily, she tried to pull away from his caresses but her bonds held her
firm.  His hands ran over her hips and tummy, feeling her tremble beneath his
palms.

The man stepped back and looked her up and down.  How sexy and helpless she
looked like that.  Still saying nothing, he walked behind her.  Lisa strained to
hear what he was doing but to no avail.

Seconds later, he was back in front of her, holding a large pair of dressmakers'
scissors.  Lisa's eyes widened with fear as the scissors glinted in the dull
glow of the one lightbulb illuminating the basement.  Slowly he stepped towards
her, lifting the scissors bringing them close to her body.  She moaned behind
the gag, "No pleeeease" but her words were unintelligible.

"You won't need any clothes from now on," the man said.  They were the first
words he had spoken.  There was a sense of purpose, of menace, of anticipation
in his voice.  She felt the blades of the scissors slip between the shirt and
her skin.  Deftly, the man cut the thin fabric of the shirt around her shoulders
and the remnants of the shirt slipped to the floor.  Without dropping the
scissors, the man reached down and unclipped her skirt and that too fell away
round her ankles.

The man bent down and picked up the discarded clothing and stepped back to look
at Lisa, hanging there clad only in her bra and panties.  The tautness of her
bonds accentuated the curves of her body, her 36C cleavage standing out proudly
as her back arched in order to try to keep her balance.

Slowly the man walked round her, admiring her breasts, her ass, her legs.  He
was eager to get her stripped but he wanted to make her wait.  God, her body was
fantastic: he was looking forward to doing all manner of perverted things to
her.

Soon enough, the man was before her again and the scissors flashed in the
half-light once more.  She felt the cold blades against her skin as the scissors
slipped under her bra strap.  Two snips and her bra fell away, leaving her
magnificent breasts exposed to his gaze.

There was something strange, something undefinable about being stripped,
physically stripped against her will for Lisa.  Even to have been given the
option of removing her clothes herself would have been less humiliating, less
degrading.  But to be forcibly stripped naked - as she was sure was going to
happen in a very short time - and a stranger as well made the nakedness worse. 
Her nakedness would be total, absolute.

The man stood back to admire his handiwork.  Lisa tried not to look in his face
and involuntarily her head hung down.  As it did so, she caught a glimpse of his
crotch.  There was an unmistakable bulge in his jeans.  Suddenly she felt her
hair being grabbed and her head pulled back.  She was staring straight into his
eyes.  The man grabbed her face in one hand, pushing her cheeks together as he
stared into her eyes.  With his other hand, he stroked her tanned and exposed
skin, running his hand down her body, over her breasts and down into her
panties.

"Bitch" he said and spat in her face.  The globule of saliva struck Lisa on the
nose and dribbled down her face.  Almost simultaneously, the man stepped back
and in one swift movement ripped her flimsy white panties from her body.  She
flinched as the cotton fabric of the panties burned against her skin, leaving
behind a bright red weal.  Flinging the useless ripped panties into a corner of
the room, the man stepped back to feast his eyes on the helpless naked girl.

Lisa hung stark naked before him, her hands tied above her head, her legs
splayed out and firmly tied to the floor.  She must have hung there for five,
ten minutes, the man walking silently around her, drinking in her humiliation,
feasting his eyes on her body.  Her bondage really showed her body off to
perfection: her firm rounded breasts, her perfect peachy ass, and her soft
pussy.

She heard him laughing, revelling in her helplessness.  Then his hands were on,
feeling her all over.  Helplessly, she hung there as his hands roamed over her
body, probing her, fondling her breasts, tweaking her nipples, then down between
her legs, rubbing his fingers on her pussy lips.

After a short time, the fondling stopped and Lisa swayed once more before the
man, her breathing heavy and laboured, moaning behind her ball gag.  A thin
trail of drool trickled down her chin from behind the gag. 

After a little while, the man disappeared behind her.  What now?   Then he
reappeared, holding a collar and leash.  "Good doggie," he laughed as he clipped
the leather collar around Lisa's neck, leaving the leash hanging down between
her breasts.  Then he stepped behind her again and out of sight.

Lisa felt the tension on the rope holding her arms lessening.  But there was to
be no respite.  She felt the man's hand on the back of her head, forcing her
head downwards, bending her over even as her arms stayed tied straight up in the
air and her legs stayed tied far apart.  Then he was in front of her, attaching
the end of the leash to another ring in the floor, forcing Lisa to stay bent
over in this position.  She was now bending forward, legs spread-eagled, her
arms behind her and up in the air, her buttocks sticking out behind her, her
breasts hanging down.  The pain in her arms turned from a dull throb to an ache.

There was a moment of stillness whilst the man drank in the sight of the exposed
girl.  His hands ran over her full round buttocks, kneading them.  Then lightly
he rested his right hand against the left buttock, his left hand resting on
Lisa's back.  Gently he tapped her buttock with his fingers.  Then smiling he
lifted his hand high above Lisa and brought it down sharply on her ass cheek.

THWACK!  The sound of the slap echoed around the basement.  Once, twice, three
times, the man spanked each buttock in turn.  Lisa would have yelped in pain but
the gag was too tight, and animal moans only escaped from the tight restrictions
of the ballgag.  Again and again, his hand slapped her on her buttocks.  Lisa
thrashed against her bonds, wriggling and gyrating with each blow, her breasts
swinging uncomfortably with each blow, her ass cheeks stinging.  Soon the
stinging pain from her ass eclipsed the pain in her outstretched arms and open
thighs.  Her whole body ached.

Soon the man's arm tired and he stepped back, smiling as he examined Lisa's
burning red ass cheeks.  She looked so helpless, so beautiful - so fuckable.  He
couldn't wait any longer and began to pull his own clothes off.  Trembling, Lisa
heard the unmistakable sound of the man taking his clothes off and braced
herself for the inevitable violation.

Soon he was naked, his hard 9 inch cock erect and dripping.  The man stepped in
front of her and grabbed Lisa's hair, painfully lifting her face up so she was
looking directly at his cock.  "You want some of this, bitch," he hissed, " You
want some?  Huh?"

Taking his cock in his free hand, he slapped the shaft across her cheek.  SLAP! 
The sound of the man's cock slapping against Lisa's face echoed around the room. 
Again and again the man cockslapped her, laughing, first one side of her face,
then the other.  Streaks of precum smeared across her pretty face.  Eventually
he was done.  Stepping back, he bent down, hissed "You fucking slut" into her
face and let her head drop.

The man walked behind her.  Lisa felt the man's hands on her sore ass cheeks,
kneading them, teasing them apart.  His hands ran over her buttocks and down her
hips.  She shivered.  Lisa felt the tip of his cock stroking her pussy lips and
then easing into her.  She moaned as she felt his hard cock slide into her.  The
man began to pump into her and she whimpered as his cock rammed into her.  Lisa
felt the coarseness of his pubic hair against her ass.  His hands moved onto her
breasts and he began to pull and tweak her nipples as he pumped into her,
thrusting his cock in and out of her cunt in a steady easy motion.

He began to moan, "Slut.  Bitch.  Whore".  She began to swing on the rope, her
nude body rocking backward and forward with each thrust of his cock.  Drool
poured from behind her gag.  Lisa could tell the man was nearing climax as his
moans increased and the pumping into her increased in speed.

Suddenly the man squeezed her breasts so hard an involuntary moan cum scream
escaped from the gag.  He came!  Lisa felt the man's red-hot semen pumping into
her.  Three, four, five, six times, he pumped away, expelling every globule of
cum into her in this climatic burst.

The man stayed within her for a minute or so, his breathing loud and deep.  Then
slowly he withdrew.  As he did so, Lisa felt a warm stream of cum trickling out
of her sore pussy and running down her legs.  She felt the man wipe his cock on
her buttocks, leaving a few warm drops of cum glistening on her perfect ass. 
She felt soiled and used.

The man stepped around in front of her and unclipped the leash from the floor
and removed the collar.  Then Lisa felt the rope being tightened and her body
hoisted back into its original position.  The man stood before her, his cock
still erect.  Who could not fail to be aroused by the sight of this used slut
tied and helpless before them?

Lisa looked at him, watching for some sign of what was to come next.  The man
said nothing, smiling as he looked forward to Lisa's next ordeal.  And anyway,
he didn't feel he needed to explain himself.  She was his - his to do with as he
pleased.  And he was far from over.  Her body lay exposed and naked before him
and he has months, years of frustration and her bitchy ways to revenge before
her ordeal would be over.

The man moved towards her and untied Lisa's ankles from the floor.  She was so
grateful she did not lash out and kick the man - even though that would have
been pointless in any event.  Instead she hung there, flexing her legs.  But her
respite was short lived.  Lisa felt the rope slacken and the man's hands on her
shoulders, forcing her to her knees.  She now knelt on the floor, her legs
folded underneath her still aching buttocks.  The man bent over and pulled her
knees apart, swiftly binding the calves of each leg to her thigh, then securing
the splayed knees with ropes to rings in the floor.  Lisa now knelt before the
man, her hands tied securely above her head, kneeling with her legs tied apart
on the floor.

Bending over, the man looked straight into her eyes and spoke, "I'm going to
take this gag off, bitch.  Don't you dare make a sound.  Understand?"  Lisa
nodded.  The man slapped her hard across her face, "UNDERSTAND BITCH" he hissed. 
Lisa nodded again, more forcefully.  "Good," the man said and removed the ball
gag.  Lisa whimpered and moaned but said nothing, grateful that the gag had been
removed.

Lisa looked up and saw the man approaching her once more, holding his erect
penis before him, its head red and engorged, dripping sticky fluid.  Slowly,
deliberately, he began to wipe the tip of his cock over the helpless girl's
face, running it over her cheeks and across her lips.  Slapping it across her
face, the man ordered Lisa to suck his cock.

The tip of his cock slipped between her lips and he began to pump into Lisa's
mouth.  Grabbing her hair with one hand, he forced her head down on his swollen
cock, making her gag.  Another slap across her cheek: "Suck it bitch."  The
shaft filled her mouth and she felt his crotch ramming against her face.

Suddenly the man pulled out and Lisa found herself looking straight into the eye
of his cock.  And then he came.

His semen jetted into her face.  Lisa tried to move away but the man's hand
holding her hair held her firm.  The cum pumped over her.  It was hot and sticky
and it seemed inconceivable that his balls could hold so much.  After all, he
had just fucked her and here he was, pumping another load into her face.  The
cum poured over her, striking her on the bridge of her nose and splattering over
her cheeks.  She coughed and spluttered as the cum dribbled down her face,
dripping down her chin onto her breasts.  A thick white film of viscous cum
coated Lisa's pretty face.

Lisa knelt there, bound and helpless, her face dripping cum, her eyeliner
running, her lipstick smeared across her face.  Globules of semen dripped from
her nose, from her chin, from her breasts, matting her hair.  Lisa felt
humiliated and degraded.

Whimpering like a spanked puppy, Lisa felt the ropes on her legs being cut.  She
was then hauled up in a standing position once more and her legs fastened
tightly to the rings in the floor.  Lisa was now back in the position she had
originally found herself - except this time she was hanging there, naked and
covered in cum.

"It's not over for you yet, bitch," the man hissed, "I've got a lot of other
very special things to do with you."  Then he laughed, turned and walked away
through the door in front of her.  The lights went off and Lisa was alone -
naked, cold, humiliated, helpless, alone with her thoughts and with cum slowly
drying on her lightly tanned skin.




Lisa's Lesson (Part 2)

Lisa hung there in the basement, naked and humiliated, for what seemed an
eternity.  Her whole body ached.  Bound and helpless, her arms tied above her,
her legs tied wide apart, there was no respite.  Completely unable to move, she
hung there, head lowered, her hair falling over her cum-stained face.

Lisa had absolutely no sense of time, no idea how long she had been hanging
there.  It may have been minutes, hours or even as much as a day.  She didn't
know where she was or what time it was, not even whether it was night or day. 
All she knew was this room and the self-contained universe her captor had
created for her.

Despite the pain, she slept fitfully, five or ten minutes at a time, drifting in
and out of sleep.  But her dreams gave no escape from her torment.  Her dreams
were full of images of whippings, humiliation and degradation, sexual slavery,
and of semen pouring onto her upturned face.  Her mouth was dry and parched,
every fibre of her body ached.  She was cold, tired and hungry.  Her mind and
body begged for release from the torment.

After what seemed like hours but was probably no more than 30 minutes, the man
was back.  Slowly he walked round the helpless slut, his hand trailing against
her skin, running over her back and belly.  She watched him silently, eyes wide,
not daring to speak even though she was not gagged.  Lisa longed to plead with
him and beg for release - but of course, she knew it would be futile and would
no doubt just spur him on to even more heights of depravity. 

He stood before her, looking into her eyes.  Stroking her cheek gently, there
was almost a tender quality to his gaze of the sort an owner might give to a
prize animal.  "Are you thirsty, slut?" he asked, "I want to keep you in good
condition, you know. Don't want you passing out on me now."

"Y..yes," Lisa stammered quietly, "Yes, I'm very thirsty."

Anger flashed in the man's eyes and he slapped Lisa across the cheek, causing
her to squeal in surprise and pain.  "Your first lesson, slut" snapped the man,
almost spitting out the word 'slut', "is to learn a little respect.  You will
always address me as 'Sir' or 'Master'.  Is that clear?"

"Y..yes Sir," the chastened girl replied, her cheek still stinging from the
slap, "S...sorry, Sir."

The man smiled.  However, this did not stop him from slapping the helpless
beauty across the other cheek with his hand.  "And your second lesson, slut, is
that you will never refer to yourself as 'I'.  You have no identity.  You are my
property now.  Therefore you will always refer to yourself in the third person
and by some suitable name such as 'slut', 'whore', 'cumslut', 'puppy' or the
like.  Understand?"

"Y ...yes S...Sir."

"Tell me you understand, bitch," hissed the man, raising his hand to slap her
again.

"Yes Sir," mumbled the humiliated slut, "This whore understands."

"Louder, cunt."

"Yes Sir," she said, louder and more forcefully, "This whore understands."

"Good," said the man, nodding his head, " Now are you thirsty?  Would you like
some water?"

"Yes Sir.  This filthy slut is very thirsty and would like some water."

"That's better."  The man turned and disappeared through the door.  A few
minutes later, he reappeared carrying two large bottles of water.  Placing one
bottle on the floor beside her, the man unscrewed the top of the other bottle
and lifted it to his slave's lips, ordering her to lean her head back. 
Gratefully, Lisa felt the cool water pouring down her parched throat and
dribbling down her chin.  Hungrily, she gulped the water down, feeling small
rivulets of cold water running down her breasts and belly. 

Soon the bottle was empty.  The man smiled as he bent down to pick up the other
bottle.  How stupid his slave looked, hungrily wolfing the water down.  He began
to pour the contents of the second bottle down Lisa's throat.  Coughing and
spluttering, she drank it down and soon the bottle was drained.

"Better now, slut?"

"Yes Sir," gasped Lisa, the cooling water refreshing her, cleansing her, "Thank
you, Sir."

"Good," smiled her master, stepping towards the helpless girl and forcing the
ballgag back into her mouth, "Now don't go away, slut.  I'll be back very soon." 
Then he turned and walked away, leaving Lisa hanging helplessly, unable to move
or make a sound.  Once more, Lisa was left alone with her thoughts.

Time passed once more.  The refreshment afforded to Lisa by the cool water soon
faded and the aching from her stretched and bound limbs returned.  For the first
time, as her eyes became more accustomed to the gloom of the basement, she
noticed out of the corner of her eyes two video cameras either side of her, and
above her, another camera.  Lisa realised with a shudder that the cameras had
probably been running during the course of her previous abuse.  The realisation
made her previous abasement worse, now that she knew her humiliation had been
recorded so that her tormentor could enjoy her degradation time and time again
for his own pleasure.

As Lisa hung there, she became aware with some trepidation of another ache
welling up in her: a desire to urinate.  The two large bottles of water that she
had consumed had worked through her system and filled her bladder.  Soon the
helpless little whore was desperate to pee.  Unable to cross her legs to prevent
the urge welling through her, she began to writhe and wriggle against her bonds,
swaying in the middle of the room.  Moans of discomfort slipped from behind the
gag.

So intense was the discomfort from the almost irresistible desire to pee, that
Lisa was unaware that the man had returned and was watching her squirming with
undisguised pleasure.  It was only when her master's laughter at her distress
began to echo round the chamber that she became aware of his presence.

"Does my slut want a piss?" he laughed.  Whimpers came from behind the gag as
Lisa begged to be allowed to relieve herself.  How humiliating it was for her to
have to beg for such a basic thing as a piss.

"I'll take that as a yes," said Lisa's master, stepping into a corner of a room
and producing a large metal bucket that he placed on the floor under his slave's
crotch.  "There you are, slut," he said, "You can pee into that like the animal
you are.  And make sure you get it all into the bucket or you'll regret it."

Reluctantly, Lisa began to pee, the stream of yellow piss jetting into the
bucket.  The sound of the piss hitting the metal of the bucket echoed around the
basement.  Her master stepped back to admire his handiwork.  Lisa began to blush
and tremble with embarrassment, completely humiliated and degraded by the
experience.  More and more piss poured into the bucket.

Soon the bucket was about three-quarters full of slutpiss and Lisa was spent. 
She hung there, avoiding her master's gaze, not wanting him to enjoy the
humiliation burning on her face.  Lisa's master stepped forward, lifting her
head up: "Finished, you dirty little slut."  She moaned from behind her gag.

Bending down, her master picked up the bucket, heavy with piss, and moved it
into a corner out of the way.  Returning to her, he began to walk slowly round
his possession, eyeing her hungrily, looking forward to the next stage of her
degradation.   Lisa simply hung there, powerless and vulnerable, exhausted from
the mental and physical abuse.

Her master once more stood before her.  "Look at me, bitch," he ordered.  Lisa
wearily lifted her head up, her face a picture of humiliation and submission.

"Today, we're going to make a video," he explained, "A video so everyone knows
what you are, a video so that you know what you are.  And when we're finished,
maybe I'll broadcast it on the web, maybe I'll sell it in porn shops.  Maybe
I'll post a copy to your friends.  Would you like that, slut?"

"Noooooooo" whimpered Lisa from behind her gag but her pleading only gave her
master greater pleasure.  And with that, her master approached her and began to
remove the gag. 

The next three or four hours passed in a blur.  There were orders - do this, do
that.  Lisa was forced to do things, then do them again - only this time, enjoy
them bitch - forced to do things for the camera until her master was happy.  In
the days to come, her humiliating treatment would be etched on her mind, not
just from the experience itself but from the repeated viewings of the video she
was forced to endure.

-----------------------

Opening title: a shot of Lisa's head, shoulders and bare breasts.  A cardboard
sign is hanging round her neck on a rope.  The sign reads "LISA SNOW", then
underneath it, "SLUT".

Fade to a frontal shot of Lisa tied stark naked in a standing spread-eagled
position, her arms stretched in a V shape above her head, her legs tied far
apart. All over her naked body, her master has written obscenities and
humiliating words in some sort of paint or marker.  The word SLUT is written in
bright white letters across her belly, WHORE down her right thigh, and CUMSLUT
down her left thigh.  The words FUCK ME HERE and an arrow are scrawled in marker
pen beneath her navel.  Across her breasts is scrawled I NEED COCK in bright red
lettering.  On her top lip, CUMHOLE has been written in eyeliner pencil, with
SLUT and PUPPY written on Lisa's left and right cheeks.  The camera moves slowly
over her face and body, lingering on Lisa's face, her total humiliation and
degradation at the body writing plain to see.

The camera pulls back, revealing her naked soiled body.  Her master steps behind
her, holding a crop.  Raising his arm, he brings the whip down hard on her
exposed buttocks.  The slut yelps and her body bucks against her bonds.  "Thank
you, Master," she squeals.

Again and again, her master whips her.  Five times, ten times, twenty times. 
And with each blow, his slut expresses her gratitude.

Lisa's master steps out of shot and the slave hangs there, panting, breathless,
whining like a whipped puppy.  The scene fades .....

 ..... into a shot of Lisa sitting naked, legs wide on a wooden chair, her hands
on her head, her body still covered in writing.  Her master speaks from off
camera:

"Name?"  "I have no name, Master.  I am your slut, sir."

"Why are you here?"  "Because I'm an unworthy good for nothing whore, master,
and I need to be treated like the dirty filthy little piece of meat that I am>"

"What are you good for, slut."  Lisa's voice trembles as she speaks, "I deserve
to be treated like the slut I am.  I need to be covered in your cum, to be
whipped, spanked, humiliated, degraded, made to do whatever you want."

"Then beg me, slut.  Beg me to treat you like the worthless whore you are." 
"Pleeeease, sir, pleeeease use me as your fucktoy.  Your cumpuppy needs to be
used.  Pleeeease do whatever you want with me.  Pleeeeeeease."

"Very well, slut."

Her master steps into shot and hands Lisa a thick black 12" dildo.  She begins
to rub the tip of the dildo up and down her exposed slit.  As she does so, her
master stands to one side of her, his erect cock level with her face.  Lisa
begins to flick her tongue in the hole, running her tongue round and round the
engorged scarlet head.  The cock begins to twitch.  Lisa is simultaneously
easing the enormous dildo into her pussy, stretching it.  She moans like a bitch
on heat as it slides in, rubbing against her swollen clit.

Lisa lowers her head down over the cock, bobbing her head back and forth, her
body being rocked from the dildo moving in and out of her pussy.  Animal moans
begin to escape from her slutty lips, drool running down her chin.  Her master
begins to visibly tense as he approaches orgasm.  Sensing this, Lisa slides her
mouth off his cock.  It is wet and glistening with spit.  A string of saliva
hangs between the tip of her master's cock and her tongue.  By now, the dildo is
pushed into Lisa's slutty hole as far as it will go.  Rubbing it furiously
against her clit, the dirty whore desperately tries to cum.

Lisa leans across to the cock and gives a quick flick of the tongue to the
sensitive base of the glans.  Almost instantaneously, her master cums.  His
spunk jets into his slut's face, almost shooting up her nose and into her mouth,
splashing over her hair.  Leaving the dildo wedged in her wet hole, Lisa grabs
her master's cock, squeezing the bottom of the shaft to force every last drop of
cum out onto her slutty face.  Hungrily, she licks at the cum streaming down her
face and oozing from the cock.

Then slowly, Lisa turns to the camera, licks her lips seductively and moans,
"Mmmmmmmmm, I just lurrrrvvvve the taste of cum."

From behind the camera, her master clicks his fingers.  Instantly, Lisa places
her hands back on her head.  The camera lingers on her, her face plastered in
spunk, the dildo still protruding from her hole.  The messy spunk dribbles down
her, smearing the writing on her face.  Desperate to cum, the slut wriggles in
discomfort on her chair, hands on head, trying to rub the dildo against her
swollen and inflamed clit - but to no avail.  She moans and snivels, the orgasm
she so desperately needs denied to her.

The camera gazes on her discomfort for a minute or so and then the screen fades
to black.

--------------------------

"Well," smiled her master, "Did you enjoy that, slutty cunt?" 

He waited for a reply but got none.  It was not surprising that Lisa did not
reply.  Following her ordeal, her master had taken her used and exhausted body
and tied her back in the position she had been in previously: tied standing
naked and spread-eagled, arms and legs stretched to the limits of her endurance. 
The only difference this time was Lisa's semen plastered face, the obscenities
still scrawled across her beautiful tanned skin, and the dildo still wedged in
her cunt.

"But my, " laughed her master, " What a mess you look.  All covered in cum.  I
think we should clean you off don't you, whore."

Lisa hung her head in shame.  What new humiliation was her master to visit upon
her now?

"Mmmmm," pondered her master, "But what shall we use to clean you up with.  I
don't think you deserve clean water, do you?  So what else is there?"  He paused
and smiled.

Lisa's eyes grew wide as she realised what her master intended to do.  She began
to moan behind her gag, to plead for mercy,  to do anything to her but that. 
Her master enjoyed Lisa's muffled pleadings for a short while and then turned
and slowly walked into the corner of the room, and picked up the now stone cold
bucket of piss.

Helplessly, Lisa watched as he ran a rope through a block and tackle hanging
above her head, tying one end to the handle of the bucket.  Stepping behind the
bound prisoner, her master slowly and carefully raised the bucket into the air,
securing the rope to a hook on the floor, leaving it hanging precariously above
Lisa's head, slowly swinging on the rope. 

Lisa looked up and could see the bucket hanging there, just a few inches above
her head.  For the first time, Lisa noticed that the base of the bucket had a
small hole in it, stoppered with a cork.  She began to writhe and wriggle
against her bonds, trying to move from under the hole, but it was no use.  She
was much too tightly bound.

The man stepped in front of her and looked her up and down.  "I hope you enjoy
your cold piss shower, slut," he said.  Shivering, Lisa braced herself.  All
around her, she heard the cameras whirring.

Reaching up, the man removed the cork.  Instantly a light stream of ice cold pee
trickled down onto the top of her head.  Lisa felt the piss begin to run down
her face, into her eyes, and down between her breasts.  She began to wriggle as
the pee poured over her, trickling behind the gag into her mouth, making her
cough and splutter.  Her face was a mask of pee and cum.  Streams of piss
dripped from her erect nipples.  Soon her hair was soaked and dripping wet,
yellow rivers of pee running down her belly, soaking her crotch, dripping in
pools on the floor.

Soon the bucket was empty and Lisa hung there, completely and utterly humiliated
and degraded by her piss shower.  Soaking wet, shivering, piss and cum trickling
off her, the only sound was the steady drip of pee on the floor and the sound of
her master's laughter in her ears.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  fireball


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





