BDSM Library - The Leather Twins




The Leather Twins
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Identical twin sisters "aquire" and train two bondage playmates.
Authors note: This is a work of fiction; the author in no way promotes or
condones any activity that is not entirely consensual!




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
 Anne Gray

Chapter 1 - First of the Set!

I was waiting in the car outside the entrance to the mall just after 9:00 p.m.
for Karen to do her part in our new adventure.  She timed it perfectly and was
behind Susan as she pushed through the doors and fiddled with her umbrella.

The rain was getting heavier and I saw my sister point towards the car to offer
a ride.  We had been in the store, owned by the girl's parents, several times
and she knew us as good customers, that along with the rain obviously helped her
decide to accept the invitation.

We knew from our research she didn't drive and that when her twin sister Amy was
at night school she took the bus home after closing the store.  The parents were
away in Hong Kong on vacation.

They both ducked against the weather and ran to the car where Karen arranged for
Susan to get in the front passenger seat.  Closing the door she thanked me and
asked how we liked our walking suits.  My sister and I were both wearing leather
outfits we had bought in their store and they had not been cheap.  The tailored
leather slacks were matched by hip length belted jackets; mine was light blue
and Karen's pale green.

I reminded them both to do up their seat belts and pulled out of the parking
lot.  The windows of the five-year-old car were heavily tinted but it didn't
matter since nobody was there to see us leave.  I told her that I remembered her
telling me in the store where she lived and we had to deliver a package nearby
so it would not be going out of our way to drop her off.

There was a small strip mall on the way that closed at 6:00 p.m. and, while the
stores faced the street, the parking was at the back and shielded by the blank
face of a hi-rise apartment building.  I pulled in and parked, shut off the
engine and undid my seat belt before turning to Karen and asking if she had the
package ready.






That was the cue and immediately her arms came over each side of the passenger
seat with a 3" elastic strap between her hands.  It settled under Susan's
breasts and trapped her arms to her sides as Karen snapped the ends together in
back of the seat.

As the girl's mouth opened in surprise I had the leather ball gag out of my
pocket and jammed it between her teeth.  Karen grabbed a handful of hair to hold
her head while I tightened the gag strap and then slipped a blindfold over
Susan's eyes.  There must have been Caucasian blood in the family because her
eyes did not have the really pronounced Asian almond shape.

Catching her left arm I forced it down between the front seats to give Karen a
chance to get the handcuff on; a short chain attached it to the seat leg.
Quickly getting out of the car and around to the passenger side I helped Karen
snare the right arm, twisted it backwards and held it while she snapped on
another cuff attached to the other seat post.

Her legs had no place to go as I got some cord around her ankles, pulled them
together and tied it off to the seat bracket.  While I was doing that Karen got
a dog collar around Susan's neck.  She released the strap around the seat and
pushed down on the girl's back and I ran a cord from the D ring on the collar,
under her knees and pulled on it so that between us we forced her head down
below the dashboard.  I tied off the cord.

A light blanket covered our unwilling passenger.  She was ours and the whole
thing took less than two minutes.

When we got home fifteen minutes later the garage door closed automatically
behind the car and Karen got out and opened the front passenger door.  Still in
my seat I held Susan's left arm and Karen held her right as we reached around to
undo the cuffs.  We reconnected her wrists behind her back with a set that had
no chain between them, then the neck and ankle cords came off and we undid the
lap belt so we could pull her from the car and through into the house and then
the "playroom".

We tied her in an anchored chair, took off our jackets and gloves, and went to
work on her head.  Karen replaced the blindfold with eye pads that were held in
place with surgical tape.  The gag strap came off and I covered her mouth with
more tape.  Plugs went in her ears and then I piled her beautiful long black
hair on top of her head as Karen pulled a tight latex cap over it.

We tucked in the loose hair and ran more tape completely around her head over
the ball gag.  Hollow stiff leather inserts went in each nostril and Karen
fitted a black kid leather discipline helmet over Susan's face and laced it down
the back until it was like a second skin.


A matching leather gag strap buckled behind her head.  Pulling her to her feet
we removed the handcuffs and each held a wrist as we undressed her.  She was
wearing a full-length red vinyl raincoat over a silk blouse and white leather
mini skirt.

When she was naked, except from the neck up, we tied her ankles together then
positioned her standing between two floor to ceiling posts and tied her left arm
to one of them.  A further cord from the D ring in the top of the helmet to a
ceiling hook straightened her until she was almost on her toes.  While I held
the right arm Karen eased a tight kid leather glove over the fingers.  We had
done this to each other so many times but now with two of us it was so much
easier.

The glove laced to the elbow and then we tied that wrist to the other post and
did the other arm.  I slipped a clear plastic throw away glove over each hand to
protect the leather and held her thumbs across the palms as Karen bound them
tightly with black 2" tape.  Heavy leather mitts, with rings at the points of
the fingers, went on, were laced and then straps buckled around her wrists.

The long leather corset was heavily boned and laced down the back from the high
neck to just above her hipbones.  The sleeves reached down her arms to the top
of the gloves.  We settled it on her upper body and then tied the finger rings
to the posts to hold her arms out of the way.

As Karen laced the garment down the back Susan's nipples poked out through the
2" diameter holes in the bra cups.  I busied myself connecting the top of the
gloves to the sleeves and the neckband to the helmet.  That done I joined my
sister and between us we got the corset completely closed and tied off the
laces.

Now we forced the girl's arms up between her shoulder blades and hooked the
finger rings to a neck strap.  This strap went from the back of the neck across
each shoulder then down between her bulging breasts to the waist belt of the
corset.

We untied the helmet cord and lowered her face down on the floor.  Blind, unable
to hear anything and severely gagged she had no way to resist the two of us.  We
knelt on each side of her, joined the two pieces of a strap from each side of
the waist belt over her elbows, then each pushed inwards, gradually tightening
the strap until her forearms met and touched down the middle of her back and we
closed the buckle of the strap.







Untying her ankles we flipped her on her stomach, pulled her legs wide apart and
attached them to floor rings at the ankle and knee.  Karen knelt in front of the
helpless form and, gripping her head between her knees, pushed forward forcing
Susan's buttocks to rise.  I was ready.

Karen used her fingers to spread the girl's ass cheeks and I dipped the 6" butt
plug in a jar of lubricant gel and slowly twisted it into the puckered, pink
rosebud that presented itself.  She forced a groan past the gag and head bondage
and managed to weakly buck against Karen's hold but to no avail.  The invasion
was soon complete.

Pulling her back up into my arms I held her while my sister took the 7" dildo
and worked it up until it was buried in Susan's vagina.  Releasing her legs we
pulled on tight latex panties and covered them with skintight leather pants that
laced down the back from just above her knees to the ankles.  Stirrup straps
under the instep kept them taunt and the waist attached to the bottom of the
corset.

We attached a crotch strap to the waist belt and pulled it as tightly as
possible between her legs to hold everything in place.  The neck strap could now
be pulled in another notch to take the last ounce of play in her arms.  Straps
went around her legs above and below the knees, and at the ankles.

The thigh length double leg boot needed teamwork to get on.  The heel was so
high it took both of us to get her feet settled in the shoe so we could start
the lacing.  Once done it was very even and very, very tight.

She was now encased from head to toe in gleaming black leather except for her
nipples and tops of her breasts that bulged through the bra holes.  As she lay
helpless on the floor we each took a nipple and rolled it between our fingers
until they reacted then tied them with thin leather ribbons in neat bows.

The whole process had taken some time and it was close to midnight when we
lifted her onto a narrow leather padded table and strapped her down.  Karen and
I were identical twins and so were Susan and her sister - it was time to
complete the set!




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
Anne Gray

Chapter 2 - Completing the Set!

Knowing it was going to be a long night we had rested during the day but both
hoped the next stage would go as smoothly as the first.  Going through Susan's
handbag we found her key ring, grabbed our pre-packed bag of supplies, put on
our leather jackets and gloves and headed out.

Driving straight to their home I cut the lights before pulling in and parking in
the driveway.  At 1:00 a.m. the quiet residential street was deserted.  It only
took two keys before Karen found the one for the side door and we were in the
kitchen.

There was enough natural light for us to avoid furniture as we moved through the
bungalow.  The master bedroom was empty, as was a smaller room part way down the
hall.  Moving slowly so the leather we were wearing did not rustle I gently
pushed on a partly open door at the end of the hall and could make out Amy fast
asleep on her stomach.

I didn't waste time in case she sensed we were there and in a moment I was on
the bed with my legs on either side of her body so the bedclothes were pulled
tightly against her arms.  My gloved left hand went over her eyes and as I
pulled back on her head my right hand gripped her lower jaw and Karen, who had
flipped on the light, forced in the large leather ball gag she had ready.

The first item out of our bag was a blindfold that slipped over her eyes
followed by a roll of tape that Karen used to lock the ball in Amy's mouth. Now
Amy was bucking and struggling against my weight on her back.  As I jumped off
the bed Karen peeled back the covers and we each grabbed a wrist, twisted them
behind her back, and snapped on a pair of handcuffs.

Taking an ankle each we tied them wide apart to the short posts at the bottom of
the bed.  Now she was under control and Karen went through the house to bring
our car into the garage beside their family car.  While she was doing that I
installed earplugs in Amy's ears and covered her head with a latex cap.  Karen
came back and we tucked any loose hair inside the cap and wrapped 2" tape two or
three times around her head and over her mouth.

Nostril inserts were followed by a black leather helmet with openings only under
the nose.  As Karen laced it down the back I smoothed it to take out any
wrinkles.  A gag strap fastened behind her head.





Each holding a wrist we took off the cuffs and stripped the nightdress over her
head.    Karen produced a leather straitjacket from the bag and we worked it
over Amy's arms until her hands slipped into the mitt pockets.  I held her arms
while Karen laced it down the back.

Folding her arms behind her I pushed on the elbows as Karen buckled the straps
from the ends of the mitts under her breasts.  While she was lacing the helmet
to the neck of the jacket I went to have a look around the house.  From what I
found in the closets they had been their own best customers at the store.

Leather and suede garments hung everywhere and we knew they would fit us because
the girls had modeled our outfits for us before we bought them.  That was one of
the main reasons we had developed our plans around them over the last few
months.  The best of both worlds was ours with two beautiful Chinese girls who
would fit into all our bondage outfits and a chance to clean out the store. 
They carried everything from formal evening dresses in suede and leather to
motorcycle gear.

From Amy's closet I selected a pair of fitted leather slacks and knee high
boots.  The heels were not that high but would do to get her home.  First we had
a couple of toys to put in place.  Her legs were still tied wide apart to the
bedposts so it was easy to pull her up on her knees and then force her to bend
at the waist.  Karen locked the girl's head between her knees making her
buttocks readily available.

We had forgotten the gel but I found some Vaseline in the bathroom that worked
just as well.  The butt plug slid in as I twisted it but, even bound as she was,
Karen had to work to hold Amy still for me as the plug disappeared.  Pulling her
back and up I got a similar reaction to the next intrusion as Karen inserted the
big dildo.

Releasing her ankles we pulled on a pair of latex panties from the bag and then
fitted the leather slacks.  Once these were on I pulled a strap from the bottom
of the straight jacket up between her legs and fastened it in the small of her
back.  We tucked the slacks into the boots, tied her ankles together and left
her on the bed.

Moving through the house we gathered all of the leather clothing from the
bedroom closets and the front hall one which was full of heavier outerwear.  I
went down into the basement for some suitcases and found a small office set up
in the corner.  I used their computer to produce a memo on some store letterhead
from the desk drawer.




It wasn't easy typing with gloves on but the printer gave me what I wanted and
it went in my pocket.  We loaded everything into the car except for a beautiful
black leather cape that I could not resist.  Releasing Amy's ankles we pulled
her to her feet and I draped the cape around her shoulders.  It closed with
several large glossy leather covered buttons down the front that did up to her
chin.  I put my hands in through the arm slots and adjusted the half belt before
tying it at her waist.

The hood came up over her leather-encased head and I fastened it under her chin. 
We pulled her through to the car and loaded her in the back seat tying her
ankles to the front seat bracket.  Once we had double checked the house, made
Amy's bed and turned off all the lights, we took the license plates off their
car and locked up.

I don't think Amy enjoyed the ride home but I did.  I had pulled her over so her
leather-covered head rested in my lap and spent the ride gently squeezing her
breasts through the supple kid.

By the time we had Amy fitted into an outfit that matched her sister and
strapped down beside her it was getting close to 4:00 a.m.  We were both tired
and we had filled the set, but there was still a lot to do.         

While I changed into Susan's clothes Karen fitted their license plates on our
non-descript van.  I wasn't comfortable in the low-heeled pumps but it would not
be for long.  I had a black wig covering my blonde hair.  The red raincoat was
necessary because it was still raining and also, because of a couple of all
night restaurants the mall entrance doors were never locked, hopefully, if
anyone saw me they would remember the coat.

Karen dropped me at the mall entrance and then drove around to the store's
delivery door.  With the coat hood up I went straight to the store and used
Susan's key to get in.  When we were negotiating for our suits I had followed
her in one morning and, as a result of her carelessness, now went to the wall
pad and used the code to shut down the security system.

Closing the front window drapes and door blinds I went through and opened up the
back door for Karen.  Rapidly going through the place we loaded anything we saw
in our size into the van.  Slacks, jackets, coats, boots and dresses, leather
and suede and combinations of them - it all went in.







I locked the back door as Karen pulled the van away.  It had an inside deadlock
and so I had to go out the other way.  Once again in the red vinyl coat I posted
the memo I had typed so it could be read through the front door glass, reset the
security and walked out through the mall to meet the van.  The memo just stated
that due to illness the store would be closed for a few days.

We drove home and pulled into the garage just as dawn was breaking.  I checked
our matched set of guests who, obviously, had not budged an inch but were
breathing evenly through their noses then Karen and I got some rest.




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
Anne Gray

Chapter 3 - The Initiation of Amy.

After a few hours sleep Karen and I met in the kitchen for coffee and breakfast. 
Then, dressed in tight one-piece black vinyl swimsuits and matching knee boots,
we went through to the playroom.  Our house is a sprawling ranch bungalow on
four acres of land.  It has a three-car garage and the playroom is behind the
garage through a door hidden in the back of a spare bedroom closet.  The design
is such that unless you know where to look, or are looking down from directly
above, the windowless addition is not readily noticeable.

Susan had been immobilized the longest so we started with her.  At the first
touch of our hands she started moaning through the gag and head covering and
continued to make plaintive noises as we removed the leather items restraining
her body.

When she was completely naked from the neck down we strapped her wrists together
behind her back and pulled her over to the washroom area.  I forced her to sit
on the toilet while Karen pulled on a disposable plastic glove and reached in
the remove the butt plug and dildo.  When Susan finished emptying her bladder we
moved her over to stand in the oversized shower area and used plastic ties to
fix her wrists to chrome rings on opposite walls and her ankles, legs about two
feet apart, to floor rings.

Only now did we take off the gag strap, unlace the helmet, remove the tape
around her mouth and pull out the gag.  As the blindfold came off she blinked at
the light, saw the glass of water in my hand and drank as I held it for her. 
When it was nearly empty Karen surprised her by forcing a plastic ball gag
between her teeth and fastening it behind her head.

The fun began when we each donned soft mitts, turned on the shower, and started
to soap her body.  It was hard to resist spending extra time with my fingers
around her crotch so I didn't and she writhed trying to escape them.  When Karen
finished washing our captive's long black hair I rinsed off the soap and we used
heavy towels to dry her.

With the gag still in we dressed her in a soft terry cloth robe, tied her firmly
into one of our special wheelchairs, and went repeat the entire process with
Amy.

Since neither knew the other had also been "acquired" it was funny to see the
surprised look on Susan's face as Amy's helmet came off and she recognized her
sister.  Amy's reaction a few moments later was just as good.




When we finished Amy's cleanup we wheeled them through to the kitchen and warned
them that when the gags were removed it was only so they could eat the light
breakfast we had prepared; any talking would be severely punished.  Despite the
warning Amy had only taken a few mouthfuls when she started to scream at us and
the gag was promptly reinserted.  Susan was sobbing quietly but also had a
plastic ball forced between her teeth.

Wheeling them back to the playroom we let them sit while we changed.  Seeing us
coming back into the room in matching black kid leather cat suits and high-
heeled leather boots made their eyes go wide.  Our long blonde hair was held in
ponytails with black leather ribbons.

Everything we needed was readily at hand and we left Susan for the time being
and both approached Amy.  First a blindfold so she could not see what was coming
then I released her right arm and twisted it out sideways so Karen could put an
elbow length kid glove on it.   Amy decided to co-operate with the process after
I grabbed a handful of hair to hold her head still while Karen covered her
gagged mouth with tape.

Then we told her the choice was simple - do as you are told or else and pinched
her nostrils together.  After 30 seconds I let go of her nose and she
straightened her fingers so the glove went on smoothly.  Karen laced the glove
tightly to the elbow, pulled a short disposable plastic glove over the hand to
protect the leather and, squeezing Amy's fingers together over her thumb, taped
it from wrist to fingertips.

A tight pointed leather mitt with a metal ring at the tip completed the process. 
Attaching the ring to the arm of the chair we moved around and did the same to
her left hand.  Pulling her from the chair we worked her into a leather jacket
that had a high neck, 2" diameter holes in each bra cup and sleeves down to the
elbow.   It closed down the back and we forced her face down on the floor
attached the finger rings to floor bolts and pulled on the laces until the edges
met.

Once the back was closed and her breasts forced out through the bra holes we
each laced one of the sleeves to the gloves.  A short strap started at the nape
of Amy's neck, split to cross her shoulders and then came together again and
went down between her breasts to attach to the jackets waist belt.  The end at
the back of her neck held a small snap hook and we each took one of her arms and
forced them up her back so we could slip the finger rings on to the hook.






With her arms between her shoulder blades we ran a wide strap around her elbows
and pulled on it until her forearms were touching for their full length.  Since
we had forced them in the same position for the overnight hours we knew she was
flexible enough to handle the strain.  The effect was to force even more of her
breasts to bulge through the holes and we tightened laces around the base of
each cup.

We pulled her over to a leather covered doctor's examining table we had spent a
lot of time modifying.  Once we had her back down on the table we fitted and
then strapped her feet into metal stirrups at the end of hinged metal rods and
adjusted them so her legs were bent but held wide apart.  Straps across her
waist and upper chest kept the rest of her body still.

Before taking the next step we wheeled Susan over so she had a front row seat to
see her sister's treatment.  The table was made with hinged flaps at either end
and we dropped the one at Amy's feet to allow us to get close in between her
legs.  As Karen worked a plastic sheet under Amy's buttocks I went to the sink
for a bowl of warm water and the shaving equipment.

Karen started the job with a small pair of scissors and then I took over and
carefully shaved her crotch area.  A little astringent when I finished, being
sure not to get any in her vagina, and we were ready to continue.

Talking softly to her I told Amy to think about who had the upper hand as I
gently slid the lubricated butt plug into her puckered rosebud.  Twisting it as
I did so I moved it in and out a few times just for fun.  Now Karen had her turn
with a 7" dildo and she wasn't quite as gentle which drew loud grunts from the
recipient.  Later Amy would get another surprise since both items now inside her
were remote controlled vibrators loaded with fresh batteries.

Handling her easily we pulled on a pair of latex panties followed by kid leather
toreador pants that laced down the back of each leg from knee to ankle.  She was
ready for the thigh boots with 7" heels.  It took both of us to start the boots
over each foot and they stretched her insteps into straining arches.  They had
to be laced up their full length and we each did one, taking our time and making
sure the laces were tight, smooth and even. There was a D ring on the outside of
each knee.

We pulled her off the table and fitted another wide belt around her waist and
under the points of her bound elbows.  Both of us pulled at it to get it as
tight as possible.  There were reinforced fastening points around the belt and
the first thing we used them for was to pull a crotch strap between her legs and
buckle it front and back.


There were two vertical poles 30" apart on one side of the room.  They were
bolted to the floor and ceiling and we moved Amy over to stand between them. 
Short chains went from D rings on each side of the waist belt to brackets just
above waist height on the poles.  Two additional ones went to brackets just
above shoulder height from the heavy epaulettes on her jacket.

I clamped a small diameter bar between the poles just above the back of the
girl's knees.  Standing behind her we each grabbed an ankle and, pulling her
legs off the ground, bent them up around the bar.  We crossed them at the ankle
and used strong cord to bind them together.  More cord went through the rings at
the toe of each boot and was pulled tight to each side of the waist belt.

Still using cord through the rings at her knees we pulled and tied her legs wide
apart to the poles.  Her tightly bound leather encased body was now suspended
between the poles and we went to work on her head.  She was crying after we
removed the ball gag and blindfold and her sister was sobbing through her gag as
she watched us complete Amy's outfit.

Rubber plugs filled her ears and then a tight rubber bathing cap went over her
head and we tucked in her hair before pulling the chin strap tightly across and
fastening it under her left ear.  She tried to resist me filling her mouth with
a large gag that had grooves top and bottom for her teeth but a quick twist on a
nipple by Karen caused her to open wide and I pushed it in.  Karen wrapped two
or three turns of tape across Amy's mouth and around her head to seal the gag in
place.

Hollow leather inserts slid into her nostrils and then we fitted the black kid
leather helmet over her head and Karen laced it down the back as I smoothed out
any wrinkles.  The neck of the helmet laced to the collar of the jacket and now
just her eyes and the tops of her breasts were free of a leather second skin.

The wide gag strap buckled firmly over her mouth and had D rings on each side
just under her ears.  Cord from the rings to the side poles held her head facing
forwards and another ring in the top of the helmet allowed us to attach a strap
through it and over a cross bar just above her head.

Taking two narrow pieces of leather ribbon we each rolled one of her nipples
between our fingers until they reacted and we knotted the ribbons tightly, in
neat bows, around their bases.

Amy had been initiated into our leather and bondage lifestyle.




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
Anne Gray

Chapter 4 - Susan Joins the Club!

Now we turned our attention to Susan and, without bothering with a blindfold, we
worked her into a duplicate of the first part of Amy's costume to the point
where she was strapped face up on the table with her arms locked tightly between
her shoulder blades.

Her legs were bent and held wide apart in the stirrups.  I looked over at Amy
and saw she had her eyes closed so I went over and tapped her on the cheek. 
When she opened her eyes I signaled her to keep them open or I would tape the
lids apart.  We wanted her to watch what happened to her sister.

During the process of shaving Susan's bush Karen mentioned that she was getting
a little worked up and I admitted to similar feelings.  We decided to use Susan
and get some relief.

I pulled out the plastic ball gag and replaced it with a threaded ring gag that
strapped around her head and held her jaws wide apart.  Karen then gathered the
girl's hair into two ponytails one above each ear.  I screwed the base of a
dildo into the ring gag and then lowered the table to just above knee height.

Karen stripped off her boots and cat suit while I buckled a strap-on in position
at my crotch. My sister climbed on the table and settled with her knees on
either side of Susan's shoulders.  She gripped a ponytail in each hand and
gradually pulled the girl's head up off the table while lowering herself on the
mouth-mounted dildo.

I moved to kneel between our victim's legs and inserted, first a lubricated
battery powered butt plug in her rosebud which I turned on, and then my strap-on
into her vagina. Slowly pumping my hips I reached my arms around and gently
massaged Karen's swollen breasts.  It wasn't long before my sister's breathing
became faster.  She had her head back as she rode the dildo in and out. 
Sometimes when it was fully buried she held it for a moment so the girl's
breath, panting out through her nose, caressed Karen's clitoris.

A few minutes more of this action and Karen let out a yell and sagged in relief. 
She let Susan's head fall back on the table and when this happened I pulled out
of the girl, stripped off my clothes, and changed places with Karen.  It was
marvelous.






By the time I was satisfied Susan was crying hysterically around the gag and
Amy's eyes were wide with shock at what she had seen.  While I was recovering
Karen picked up the remote control, pointed it at Amy, and turned on the
vibrators buried inside her.  Even with all the restraints holding her she still
jerked about on the chains as the vibrators came on.  We let them run only while
we got dressed again then shut them off and returned to complete Susan's outfit.

We unscrewed the dildo and replaced it with a penis gag for now.  The butt plug
was still imbedded up Susan's rear end so I turned it off and replaced the
batteries while Karen pushed a 7" dildo deeply into the girl's vagina.  In short
order we added latex panties, the skintight leather toreador pants and stilt
heeled knee boots.

After lacing the boots we pulled her off the table and to her feet then
tightened a crotch strap in place.  She could barely walk as we moved her over
to a special item we had designed and had made by a local ironworker.  He
thought it was some sort of garden hanger for plants but after we modified the
basic unit it became part of our bondage equipment.

A strong 1/2" diameter steel rod was set in a deep floor socket.  About 8" above
floor level two short bars jutted out sideways.  The rest of the rod was
straight to crotch height where it was welded to a 2" wide flat piece of metal
that then bent back and up to follow the curve of a persons buttocks.  It then
shaped to the small of the back before splitting into rods that formed a V on
either side of the arm pouch.

Also at crotch height another strip of metal came forwards, then up and split to
end at the hipbones.  What we had was a narrow metal saddle.  Needless to say
Susan tried to struggle as we lifted her and worked her into the saddle.  When
her weight was on the crotch piece we settled the arching insteps of her boots
on the short bars.  The rod then adjusted until her legs were taking some of the
weight and we strapped her legs to it just above the knee.

Using a decorative strap with a buckle on either side to hold her ankles firmly
against the vertical rod made it look like they were part of the boot design
instead of a restraint.  The soles and heels of the boots were barely 1/2" off
the floor.  We fastened straps through slots in the bars at the small of her
back around to the front and pulled them tight to the ones at the hipbones.  A
further strap went from the top of the V rods on either side of her doubled up
arms across her chest just above her breasts and was fastened securely.






Her body, from the neck down, was now held so rigidly that the only motion was
the rise and fall of her chest as she breathed.  Gradually we were turning her
into an armless store mannequin.

The next step was a beautiful knee length black leather dress that Karen fetched
from the closet.  To get it on I stood behind Susan and bent down slightly to
wrap my arms around her at hip level.  Straightening my legs I lifted up until
the rod came out of the floor socket.  Karen slipped the dress up over the
booted feet until it was clear and I let the girl settle back in place.

The dress opened down the front and had extra wide lapel like flaps up to a high
collar.  We worked the garment up until the skirt was snug around her legs and
pulled it the rest of the way to fit over her shoulders.  A pouch for her arms
was designed into the back.

Partially closing one zipper to just above her waist, it ran from the lower end
of the front opening to over her right breast, we added a wide matching belt. 
Now we went to work on her head.  Removing the gag and ignoring her pleas to
stop we plugged her ears and again covered her hair with a tight rubber bathing
cap that fastened under her left ear.

A new gag filled her mouth holding her jaws wide apart and, like Amy's, it had
grooves for her teeth.  Two or three turns of tape sealed it in place and we
slid in the hollow nostril inserts.  I smoothed out any wrinkles as Karen laced
on the kid leather discipline helmet until it formed like a second skin to her
face and head.  Additional laces attached the neck of the helmet to the collar
of the jacket.

We knotted thin leather ribbons around her nipples and then tucked the left
lapel across under the right one and closed the inside zip all the way.  Another
wide designer zipper now closed the right lapel to just under her left
collarbone.  I lifted the high collar of the dress to allow Karen to fit a wide
leather choker band around Susan's throat and do up the three decorative buckles
at the front.

The top of the dress collar now folded down over the band with the buckles
visible under her chin and the wing tips fastened down with fancy clasps.  Her
head was thereby held firmly; chin up, facing straight ahead.  I visited the
closet for a black pageboy style wig and waited while my sister finished
tightening the gag strap that matched the helmet before settling it in place on
Susan's head.








Once it was brushed out to frame the girl's leather encased face we pulled in
the waist belt another notch and stepped back to study our beautiful statue clad
in sleek black leather.

There were lots of items laying around the playroom that needed to be cleaned or
put away and the van still had to be emptied.  We decided to have lunch before
we started but I couldn't resist picking up the cape we had bought Amy home in
and draping over Susan's shoulders.  Closing the full-length zipper I reached in
through the arm slots to adjust the half belt and knotted it firmly in a neat
bow centered on her waist.

Her eyes were pleading with me as I stood in front of her and lifted the hood to
frame her face.  We then left the two sisters with nowhere to look except at
each other, covered in gleaming leather, restrained unmercifully and went for
lunch.  They were identical twins and we, a few years older, were also
identical.

In both cases you could refer to us as "THE LEATHER TWINS".




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
Anne Gray

Chapter 5 - The First Day Continues!

Taking time for a leisurely meal and after relaxing for an hour we visited our
new playthings again before we tidied up.  Both had their eyes closed and didn't
know we were back until they felt our hands on their leather covered cheeks.

Unable to struggle in the severe bondage they could, and did, moan at us through
the gags however we were not finished with them in their current outfits.  Karen
fitted a leather blindfold over Amy's eyes and tightened the strap behind her
head while I removed the beautiful cape from Susan followed by the wig then also
blindfolded her.

Karen, after removing the leather ribbons from them, took one of Amy's nipples
and gently rolled it between her fingers.  Bending down she took the other one
in her mouth and turned on the vibrators.  Susan's chest was completely covered
with the dress and under jacket but I was still able to take one of her breasts
in each hand and massage them after I turned on her vibrators.

Despite themselves their bodies began to obviously react to our efforts and they
started panting through their nostrils which were held wide open by the hollow
inserts under the leather helmets.  As soon as we judged them to be thoroughly
aroused we stopped, shut off the vibrators and went about putting away some of
the items laying around from the morning.

After fifteen minutes we were back at them again only this time I worked on Amy. 
In this manner we had them up and down for the next two hours.  We had the room
cleaned up and they must have been at a stage of complete frustration.  At this
point we knew the batteries would not last much longer and so we kept at the
girls until, almost together, they stiffened against their restraints and then
went as limp as their outfits and positions would allow.

We allowed them ten minutes and then started to give them further relief, this
time from the stringent bondage.  Releasing Amy from between the poles her
outfit came off a lot faster than it went on and we soon had her spread-eagled
to four floor rings and naked except for the helmet, gag and blindfold.

Removing the butt plug and dildo we replaced them with soft tampon like inserts
that we had soaked in a soothing gel.  These would help comfort her violated
orifices.  The latex panties went back on.  While her legs were untied we pushed
her feet into the legs and stirrups of a tight one piece leather cat suit.






Tying her ankles back to the floor rings we undid one arm at a time and bent it
back until we could work her hands down the sleeves and into the attached
gloves.  When both arms were in we stretched it a little until her shoulders
popped in place inside the leather.  Heavy-duty zippers closed the suit from
crotch to neck and the sleeves from elbow to wrist.

Now we worked her gloved fingers into individual leather pouches that were built
into the suit on the outside of each thigh.  Leather thongs knotted just above
each knuckle to hold them in place along with a tight strap at the wrist.  When
both hands were finished I buckled a wide belt around her waist.

A crotch strap held everything firmly up inside her and was followed by a pair
of high-heeled boots that laced to the knee.  Two leather covered recliner
boards mounted on brackets were near one wall of the room and we pulled Amy to
her feet and over to one of them.  Backing her against the board we tied cord
from the rings on each side of her waist belt to attachment points at the edges
of the board.

We tied her ankles together and to the bottom of the board.  She was almost
upright on the high heels and fairly comfortable compared to some of the
positions she had tasted over the last twelve hours or so.  We removed the
blindfold so she could watch us work on her sister but left the helmet and gag
in place as we went over to Susan.

It took time to get her out of the leather dress and off the crotch pole but
eventually we had her dressed, inside and out, just like Amy and attached to the
other board.  Then we removed her blindfold.  Karen worked on Amy and I handled
Susan.  We removed the gag straps and unlaced their helmets.  The surgical tape
was peeled off their mouths and the nostril inserts came out.

After we pulled out the gags they started to work their jaws but immediately
found themselves the recipients of a deep French kiss.  We then offered them a
glass of water that they drained before suddenly realizing that, for the first
time since the abruptly terminated breakfast, they were not gagged.  So the
pleading and questions started with Susan doing the pleading and Amy asking the
questions.

We told them to just do as they were told and we would all get along; of course,
they didn't have much choice in the matter.  We fed them a high-energy bar and
some more water before ordering them to open their mouths.  Susan complied and I
pushed in a leather gag that was attached to a boxer mouthpiece that fitted over
her teeth; a short piece of wide tape covered her mouth.


Amy refused so Karen clamped a hand over her mouth and I pushed in first one
then another nostril plug.  Amy immediately found that these were not hollow and
she was not getting any air.

After thirty seconds Karen took her hand away and asked the girl if she would
obey. In response she clamped her lips tightly together and found them
immediately covered again by Karen's hand.  This time we waited almost a minute
before tears started to roll down Amy's cheeks and she nodded her head up and
down.  Karen's hand came away and the mouth opened.  In went the gag to be
covered with tape; being a bitch I waited a few moments before pulling out the
nostril plugs.

Gag straps covered the tape and then we took time to brush out their hair before
buckling the collars of their cat suits and using cord through rings on the
collars to each side of the boards.  A further strap across the chest just above
their breasts immobilized them completely.  Tilting the boards to a level
position we told them to enjoy some quiet time and relax until we had finished
our chores.

Unloading the van took some time and we carefully hung up the additions to our
wardrobes in the huge cedar lined walk-in closets off our bedrooms.  Karen and I
often wore matching outfits and since Amy and Susan were the same size as us
they would also be wearing some of the beautiful leather and suede. 
Unfortunately for them they would also now be modeling the bondage collection we
had previously only had a chance to use on each other.




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
Anne Gray

Chapter 6 - Sleepy Time Girls!

It was time to get them ready for the night and Amy would again go first for her
disobedience.  We actually had to wake Susan but Amy's eyes just glared at us.

Leaving Susan where she was we added a blindfold so she would be able to hear
but not see what we were doing to her sister.  Releasing Amy from the board we
stripped her naked except for the gag.  After tying her wrists together behind
her back we took her to the washroom area and sat her on the toilet with her
ankles tied to each side of the base.

The soft inserts came out and we told her to do her business or we would help
things along with an enema.  After she had relieved herself we cleaned her up
and dragged her across the room and lashed her into a straight-backed chair that
was anchored to the floor.  Karen removed the gag strap but left the gag and
tape where they were for the time being.

I soaked a small ball of cotton wool in light medical oil and used the blunt end
of a pencil to push it deeply into her right ear.  Being soft it molded to the
inside of the ear against the drum and I followed it with a rubber plug that
filled the rest of the cavity.  The left ear got the same treatment and she was
completely deaf.

Just to make absolutely sure we pulled on the heavy rubber swim cap and as we
tucked in her hair I settled foam pads over each ear to be held in place by the
tightly stretched rubber.  The chinstrap was pulled firmly across to fasten
under her left ear with Velcro.

Removing her gag we replaced it with a large penis gag that had grooves top and
bottom for her teeth.  Wide tape went around her head and over her mouth two or
three times and I smoothed out any wrinkles.  Karen held her head while I fitted
the hollow inserts in Amy's nostrils and taped soft pads over her eyes.  The
leather helmet molded snugly over her face as Karen laced it tightly down the
back of her head.

Releasing her arms from the chair we worked her into an heavy leather upper body
jacket that had a lightly boned torso, built in bra cups slightly smaller than
Amy's breasts and long sleeves.  When it was tightly laced down the back we
laced the sleeves from elbow to wrist and added specially designed gloves. 
While they had individual fingers these were fixed together along their length
holding the fingers tightly against each other.   Narrow webbing held the thumbs
to the forefingers.



The collar of the jacket laced to the neck of the helmet and then we put a
three-part leather harness around her neck.  The wide choker band held her chin
up and attached to it were a gag strap for over her mouth and, with short
connecting pieces running up each side of her nose, another strap that buckled
tightly around her head and over her eye area.

The last two straps fed through slits in a leather fringe built into the helmet
that followed the hairline from ear to ear.  There were eyelets every 1/2"
around the fringe.  Holding her arms in front of her we strapped the wrists
tightly so the hands were palm to palm and then pulled them up and over her
head.  While I held the helpless girl's head forward Karen bound her elbows;
pulling on the strap until they touched and her head was trapped in front of
them.

I took a leather ball and fitted it into the cup of Amy's hands and slipped a
light plastic bag over them to protect the leather.  Karen held the hands in
position while I taped the fingers immovably in place around the ball.  The next
step involved a version of the double arm sheath that we worked down her arms
until the ball of her hands fitted in the tight pocket at the end.  The sheath
laced down her forearms, flared out at the elbow and the laces continued until
they reached her shoulders.

Now we used the fringe of eyelets framing the helmet to fasten her head tightly
back to a matching fringe on the sheath.  Straps hung from the bottom of the
sheath and would follow the curve of her torso before being attached later to a
waist belt.

Pulling her from the chair and over to the table, with her arms locked rigidly
over and behind her head, we positioned her on her back and forced her legs into
the stirrups. As I started working in a large butt plug only a low moan got past
her gag.

The dildo also went in smoothly and we released her legs and got her into a pair
of very tight latex panties.  Skintight leather pants meant we had to flip her
on her stomach to do up the laces from knee to ankle.  We deliberately chatted
as we worked knowing that our conversation was probably scaring the hell out of
Susan who could hear but not see what we were doing.

When the pants had been attached to the waist of the jacket we stood her up just
long enough to install a very tight crotch strap then got her back down on the
table again and strapped her legs together above and below the knees and at the
ankles.





Getting her feet into the shoe part of the ultra high heeled double leg boot was
a real struggle but we soon had them in and the laces done up to the ankle.  We
added a strong ankle strap and hooked a rope from the ceiling pulley through its
ring.  The pulley made it easy for us to haul her up until the ball of her bound
hands was clear of the floor and we tied off the rope to a wall bracket.

The boot had some very special features that now came into play.  It extended
into a heavily boned corset that reached to just under Amy's breasts.  The sides
of the knees were also solidly boned and, as we laced the heavy leather down its
length, the legs became rigid.  Having her upside down we could get even more
pressure on the laces to pull the edges firmly together.  When we lowered her to
the floor she was held completely motionless.

The boning at the waist allowed no play at all and after we fitted a wide belt
around her we attached the straps from the arm sheath to it.  One of the ceiling
ropes came into use again but this time at the other end of our victim.  We
buckled a strap around her wrists with another short strap on it that came over
the ball of her hands and ended with a swivel ring.

Hooking the ceiling rope through the ring we pulled her upright.  There was not
the slightest bend in her body as we pulled her up which proved just how well
she was secured in her leather bondage.  Once her feet cleared the floor by
about a foot the rope was tied off and we stepped back to admire our handiwork. 
Amy turned gently on the swivel, completely deaf, blind, gagged and helpless. 
In fact the only sense she had left was the smell of all the beautiful leather
that encased her so tightly.

We were trying for complete sensory deprivation and this was as close as we
could come.

Standing on either side of Susan we watched her reaction when we removed the
blindfold.  Her eyes went wide when she saw the leather covered figure hanging
from the ceiling.  Of course we knew from personal experience that after the
first few moments in this outfit you were not that uncomfortable.

Completely helpless with no outside sensations and with your weight evenly
distributed down the length of your body by the straps from the arm sheath to
the waist and heavily boned corset and boot, the mind started to drift.  It
became pleasant in there, a feeling we had both experienced many times.

Susan could not know this - she fainted!





This just made it that much easier to get her into a duplicate of Amy's bondage. 
The only thing we skipped was the bathroom bit.  We considered an enema but
decided that since she had not eaten much lately she could wait until morning. 
She started to come around as she was hanging upside down while we laced the
combination boot and corset.  In short order we were pulling her booted feet
clear of the floor to hang beside her sister.

Under the instep of the boots was embedded a metal ring.  To these we attached
short elastic straps that then snapped to a ring on the floor under each girl. 
Before leaving them for the night we attached a breathing alarm to each of them. 
These would sound at our bedsides if either of them got into serious trouble
while we were sleeping.

They were beautiful packages so helplessly encased in gleaming leather and they
were ours.  In the morning we would see if they had started to learn how to
behave as our bondage twins.




THE LEATHER TWINS

Chapter 7 - The Next Step

Over the next few days we had a wonderful time trying them in several outfits
and positions; gradually they almost resigned against the inevitable.  Even so
we never gave either of them the slightest chance to resist or try to retaliate
against us.  While we worked on them for those first days only one arm or leg
would be free from restraint at any given time.  We agreed that Susan was the
most compliant to our ministrations while Amy still had a defiant look in her
eyes.

At the end of the first week it was time for the next step in our program and we
had Susan tightly gagged and naked.  She was strapped face up on the table with
her legs apart and a strap across her forehead.  We had put a sandbag on each
side of her head and the strap now kept it immobile.  Her sister, also gagged,
sat tied into a chair where she could see what we were going to do. 

It was nearly two years since we had decided that to satisfy our bondage hobby
we needed to acquire other bodies than ourselves and had started planning.  One
of the things we had done was take an extensive course in cosmetic body
piercing.  The course had lasted over two months, two nights a week, and had
spent almost as much time on the safety and hygiene aspects as the actual
mechanics of the skill.

For example piercing the tongue had to be handled very carefully not only
because of the blood vessels but also because they tended to swell and had to be
monitored until they returned to normal.   I had done Karen's ears with two more
piercings above the one she had done in her early teens, a small diamond stud in
her left nostril and her navel ring; she had done the same for me.  Now we were
going to put our knowledge to a more extensive test.

Making sure our equipment was sterile Karen first did each side of Susan's
nostrils with keeper studs and then the center cartilage with a small ring. 
Nipple rings followed.  Tears streamed down the sides of the girl's face and she
even managed a low scream as she felt me reach for her crotch.  I pierced the
lips of her pussy eight times on either side and installed studs.  In addition
to antiseptic cream we covered the area with a heavy grease to protect it from
urine while it healed.

We released her from the table and tied her in a full spread-eagle against the
wall then put on an adult diaper.  She now watched as we repeated the process
with Amy.







It took just over a week for everything to heal nicely as twice a day we treated
the piercings and turned the keepers.  They had some relief from the more
stringent bondage but were none the less securely restrained at all times.  Now
we were going to get creative with the results of our skill.

Taking Amy first, they were both gagged as usual; we tied her by the waist and
legs into a chair with its back against a workbench.  Pulling her arms straight
out behind her we strapped her wrists to the bench with the back of her hands
against the surface.  Two small metal racks screwed to the table over her hands. 
These held her fingers slightly apart and immobile.  Her elbows were tied to
each side of the chair back and we were ready to begin.

Using an electric drill I punched small holes through her fingernails just a
fraction of an inch away from the skin of her fingertips.  Turning her hands
over and again holding them in place with the racks, we affixed bright red,
pre-drilled, artificial acrylic nails on top of her real ones.  We moved Susan
to the other end of the workbench and did the same to her.

Tying Amy's wrists behind her back we released her from the chair and pulled her
over to the middle of the room and forced her to her knees.  Tying her ankles  
2' apart to a couple of floor rings I then knelt in front of her and pulled her
by the hair until I could clamp her head between my knees and hold her while
Karen lubricated and then pushed in one of our largest butt plugs and taped it
over.

We next fitted her into a one-piece leather cat suit with a boned waist, high
neck and cut outs for her nipples.  It had another cut out at the vagina and the
built in gloves stopped about one inch from the fingertips.  We added a pair of
stiletto high-heeled boots that forced her feet in to incredible arches.

 With her now flat on her back Karen tied her left wrist to a floor ring while I
held her right arm so her hand was near her crotch.  Karen had the small gold
rings ready and as I held each finger in position she fed a ring through the
hole in the fingernail and then one of the holes in the right lip of her vagina. 
Since there were four fingers we used every other hole; the thumb was left free
for the moment.  The holes in between just got a ring.

Changing positions we did the left hand the same way and then overlapped her
thumbnails and installed a very short dumbbell stud through the holes.  A 7"
dildo went in all the way and as Karen held her wrists still I took a blunt
needle and a length of thin leather thong and used the rings to lace her closed
over the end of the dildo.  Lifting her to her feet Karen ran a strap around her
elbows and pulled it tight across her back and I closed the neck of the cat suit
with wide, stiff leather choker collar.



Pulling her hair back into a tight ponytail we changed the gag for a large
leather pear and a strap across her mouth that matched the suit.  Gold studs
with short gold chains attached went in each nostril and draped across her
cheeks to one of the holes in her ears and a larger gold ring went through the
hole in her septum.  The collar kept her looking straight ahead but we
reinforced it by running a leather thong from her ponytail to the strap around
her elbows.

Snapping on a pair of gold nipple clamps we ran a taunt gold chain from one up
through the nose ring and down to the other.  I applied makeup to Amy's eyes,
added a lovely pair of dangling gold earrings and we hobbled her with a gold
ankle chain before telling her to walk across the room.  She wobbled on the high
heels and groaned at the movement of the inserts but did as she was told.  The
contrast between the black leather, gold rings and chains and the bright red
nails made a lovely sight.

Susan received a matching outfit and between them they made an outstanding pair
of bondage twins.  We kept them as they were for the rest of the day and even
allowed them through into the dining room where we fed them supper that evening. 
After the meal I sat and cuddled with a gagged again Susan as we watched some
bondage tapes.  Karen and Amy were on the other couch and from the muffled
noises Karen was doing a bit more than just cuddling; I know I was!




THE LEATHER TWINS

Chapter 8 - More of the Same!

Now that we had them completely under control it was time to get a little more
ambitious with the piercing kit.  Yet again Amy was first.  She was laced into a
leather crotch-less body suit, arms doubled up between her shoulder blades and
elbows strapped together so that her forearms touch along their length.

Positioned on her back on the table, strapped down at the waist and across the
chest above her bulging breasts, with her feet tied into the stirrups at the end
of the metal arms which themselves were locked wide apart; she was completely
venerable.  Karen strapped Amy into a stiff posture collar and, after putting a
rolled cushion under her neck, we ran straps from each side of the collar to the
table and a further strap across her forehead to keep her head absolutely still.

I pulled the ball gag partially out of her mouth until it was still holding her
teeth apart and this allowed Karen to fit the rubber covered grooves of a metal
clamp over her top and bottom teeth near the side of her mouth.  Turning the
screw on the clamp caused the brace to open until the ball just popped out and,
a few turns later, her jaws were held at maximum stretch.

After inserting one of our largest butt plugs I held the skin around her rosebud
while Karen went to work.  Now it was my turn and I mounted a metal bridge to
the table so its horizontal bar crossed about 6" above Amy's mouth.  I fitted a
dentist's rubber debris dam in her mouth to stop anything going down her throat
and then, while Karen peeled back the girl's lips I clamped a small electric
drill to the bar of the bridge and drilled holes through the four front teeth;
two top and two bottom.

The diamond bit went through easily and I positioned the holes so they were
close enough to the ends to miss the nerves but in far enough to avoid chipping. 
Now I used a pair of padded tongs to capture Amy's tongue and hold it while
Karen installed stainless steel barbell studs halfway back on either side and at
the tip.  We finished the job with four rings through her top lip and the same
in the bottom one.

By this time they were both sobbing uncontrollably, Amy because of what we had
done and Susan because she knew she was next.  She was right.

The only problem over the next few days as things healed was we could not gag
them properly so we settled for feeding thin wire through the tooth holes and
clamping their jaws shut with it.





Ever since we had "acquired" the twins we had occasionally left them completely
helpless in one form of bondage or another while we did our shopping or ran
errands.  One day we decided to visit the mall and see what we could find out. 
The parents were back and we actually went into the store wearing our leather
pant suits as an excuse to start a conversation.

Asking after the girls so we could tell them how much we liked the outfits
started the mother crying and the father explained that they had completely
disappeared. The police had not been able to help and, since the only
merchandise missing from the store was clothing in the size their daughters wore
and there was no sign of a break in or foul play, they seemed to take the
attitude that it was a family squabble.

We left wishing them good luck in finding the girls and once we were well away
from the place let the satisfied grins take over our faces.




THE LEATHER TWINS
By ANNE GRAY

Chapter 9 - The Sisters Embrace!

We had initiated Susan and Amy into individual bondage, but over a cocktail last
night, we had come up with the idea of melding them into a single tableau. 
After a couple of hours discussion, during which the girls stared at us in
horror, Karen and I had things planned to the last detail.

This was going to take some time so we started right after their breakfast had a
chance to settle.  This time we started with Susan while Amy sat, almost
comfortably bound and gagged, where she could watch.

A heavily boned wasp waisted corset started the outfit and that was followed,
after we gloved and taped her fingers together, by a leather bondage jacket that
we laced down the back just as tightly as possible.  A wide leather belt went
around her waist.

Her arms went up her back in the reverse prayer position and attached to the
collar strap.  The breast cups were laced until only her nipples stuck out and
the arm pouch was tightened down to the point of her elbows.  From shoulders to
waist she was immobile.

On the table, with the stirrups holding her legs apart, I pushed a large butt
plug in to its full length and held it there while Karen laced her rosebud shut. 
We did the same to her vagina after installing a very large dildo and then taped
over both to prevent any leakage.

Latex panties provided additional protection for the skin-tight kid leather
pants we laced on her legs.  The crotch strap was pulled very firmly in place
and buckled.

Now we strapped her legs together at several points and worked them into a
single leg ballet boot.  We took turns pulling on the laces until the edges
touched and there was not a wrinkle in sight in the leather.  Bending her legs
at the knee I put my weight on them so that Karen could take all the slack out
of a strap from the boot toe ring to buckle in the small of her back.  Another
strap went around her upper thighs pulling the calves of her legs flush against
the thighs.

All this time she had been grunting and groaning at the pressures we imposed on
her body and, as we started to work on her head and the gag came out, she was
pleading for us to stop.  Of course, we didn't!






Earplugs went in place and the heavy rubber cap covered her hair; I wedged her
mouth open with a brace.  I held her tongue still with the tongs while Karen
used a blunt needle to thread fishing line around the three bar bell studs in it
and lace them to the inside of her lower teeth.  There was just enough play left
in her tongue for her to swallow her saliva.

I filled her mouth with a large leather gag and Karen again used more fishing
line, fed through the holes in her teeth, to lock her jaws together over the
gag.  A piece of soft leather went in to cover the teeth and I held her lips as
Karen, this time using thin leather stands laced them together.  A wide piece of
tape covered the job.

We inserted the hollow nostril plugs and laced on a kid leather discipline
helmet with opening only at the eyes and under the nostrils.  The collar laced
to the top of the body garment and a gag strap went over the mouth area to be
buckled at the back of her head.

There was another process in Susan's bondage before she was ready for the final
position but before we did that we needed to get Amy to the same point.  We
lifted Susan to the floor and went for her sister.  Having already done it once,
we soon had Amy just as tightly bound and, just as helpless.

Since Amy was on the table we went ahead with the next step.  Using some small
coloured needlework beads and tweezers, we fed them on to several of her
eyelashes and then used a second small hole in each one to lace her eyelids to
the eyeholes of the helmet.

Susan's eyes got the same treatment and as we continued with their bondage we
occasionally gave the eyes a squirt of very finely misted spray to keep them
lubricate because they were unable to blink.

We had fitted a metal bar between the two floor to ceiling posts and we moved
Amy over to it.  There was a leather pad on the floor and we positioned her
knees on that and strapped her to the bar that was at her waist level.  Susan
joined her on the other side of the bar.

A wide strap went around their doubled up legs melding the front of their
leather-covered thighs together.  We fed a ring through Amy's right nipple and
joined it to Susan's left; the other two were also connected.  Another strap
around their upper bodies crushed their chests together.





We had to use needle nosed pliers but managed to get two small gold rings
through the holes in the sides of their nostrils so the tips of their noses were
touching.  Another strap ran from the back of Susan's collar, over their heads
and buckled at the nape of Amy's neck.

Another squirt of moisture for their eyes and the video camera recorded this
classic piece of leather bondage.  As their bodies adjusted we tightened any
strap that showed even a tiny bit of play.

Tongues attached to their teeth, mouths full of leather, lips laced closed and
taped; they were bound, strapped and held as tightly as we could conceive.

Not wishing to risk damage to their eyes, after the video record was made, we
released their heads enough to tilt them back and remove the beads.  This was
managed without damaging their eyelashes and, as they closed their eyes in
relief, we strapped on padded leather blindfolds.  Pushing their heads forwards
so their chins were resting on the others left shoulder we ran straps around at
eye level and over their gags, locking the heads together.

It was hard to believe that we would be able to top this display but, given
enough thought, anything was possible.




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
Anne Gray
Chapter 10 - A Nice Walk and a Wild Ride!

Early in the morning, after we had them showered and fed, we dressed Amy fairly
comfortably albeit with inserts front and back.  A crotch strap held them in
place and she also wore a leather bra and tightly laced corset.  High-heeled
thigh boots matched the skintight, high-necked red leather dress and its wide
belt but were mostly covered by the hobble skirt.

Tight gloves kid covered her hands and forearms and we simply strapped each
wrist to the sides of her belt.  A temporary gag completed this stage and we sat
her on the couch where she could watch us getting Susan into a matching outfit.

Side by side on the couch we brushed their hair until it shone then, while I
held Amy's head, Karen forced a rubber-covered 5" long bit in her mouth and used
the holes in her teeth to wire them so they clamped on the bit.  We did the same
to Susan and then finished their faces with lipstick and eye makeup.

Big, gold dangling earrings and gold studs in each side of their nostrils made
them very attractive and we fitted wide brimmed red leather hats on their heads
tying the ribbons snugly under their chins.

Making them stand side by side we released Susan's right wrist and locked it to
the right side of Amy's belt.  Amy's left wrist went to the left side of Susan's
waist.  A short gold chain joined Susan's left wrist to Amy's right behind their
backs.  They stood there looking just like a pair of loving sisters.

Living as we did on a large, secluded piece of land, their treat for the day was
going to be some fresh air.  We hooked a pair of reins to each bit, one set for
me and one for Karen, then prodded them towards the patio doors and out into the
gardens.

There was some moaning around the bits as they had their first walk of any
length in the ultra high heels and, of course, the inserts were working inside
them.  Strolling behind them Karen and I kept them moving with an occasional
touch of the crops we carried and directed them with the reins.

The sleek leather dresses rippled as they walked and they made a beautiful
sight.  Karen had brought the video camera to record the outing and used it as
we moved around the garden path.  There were a couple of trees that might be fun
to use one day but for the time being we took them twice around before directing
them back to the house to get ready lunch.




Strapping them into their own chairs we removed the tooth wires and bits to feed
them as we ate our own meal.  Karen explained to them that as they had just
"enjoyed" a pleasant morning their afternoon would be spent in a much more
active form of activity.  In fact we were going to see how often we could get
them to orgasm.

Susan looked almost hopeful but Amy got sullen and then started to swear at us. 
That resulted in them both being severely gagged.  Naturally we took Amy first
and stripped her naked, even removing the inserts.  The beautiful dress was
carefully hung away and then we laced her into a neck to waist leather jacket.

Forcing her arms up between her shoulder blades we strapped them in place and
then laced the arm pocket shut.  A large butt plug was installed and we taped it
over before working her legs into a pair of skintight leather pants with an
opening at the crotch.

Lacing on a pair of high-heeled boots we led her over to one of two grocery
store rocking horses we had found at auction and adapted for our use.  With one
of us on each side we each grabbed an ankle, wrapped our arms around her waist,
and lifted her into the saddle.

This saddle had two horns.  The regular one, plus a large leather dildo that we
had attached at just the right angle to slide halfway inside her.  We settled
her in place and used straps across each thigh to hold her in place as we locked
her feet in to the stirrups.  We had the bar of the stirrups under the instep of
the boot, not at the toe, and she was taking some of her weight on them to stop
the second "horn" going in for its full length.

Now we worked on her head until there was a proper gag in her mouth along with
earplugs, nostril inserts and a tightly laced leather discipline helmet
connected to the head of the jacket.  We belted a light brown buckskin riding
skirt around her waist and a matching, armless fringed jacket about her upper
body.

To top off the outfit I settled a leather Stetson on her head with the strap
tight under her chin.  The gag she had earned at lunch was reinforced with an
extra strap.  She was struggling to hold herself off the dildo with her legs but
then her eyes went wide as she saw what was in my hand.

I slowly put the 25c coin in the slot and the machine started its familiar
motion.

With no arms to help or balance her, and with the continued rocking of the
horse, the pressure on her knees was too much and she slowly sank all the way
into the saddle.  50c later she was moving with the machine, head thrown back
and eyes closed. 


The moans were pleasure, not pain and we had found her weak spot.

Susan practically helped us get her ready for the second horse that was set up
facing her sister.  By the end of the afternoon Karen and I were out of quarters
and Amy and Susan were exhausted so it was time for all of us to go to bed!




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
Anne Gray
Chapter 11 - A Sister Sandwich

The girls might have been satiated after their ride but Karen and I were as
horny as hell.  We decided to look after that problem and then enjoy a good
night's sleep.

One of our huge king size beds was just about big enough for what we had in
mind.  We started by strapping their arms in a wrist to elbow position and
pulling leather pouches over them.  More straps across the shoulders and between
their breasts then back to the pouches locked them in place.  After what we had
done to them their arms were almost comfortable.   We pulled their hair out of
the way into tight ponytails.

We spread a sensuously soft latex sheet on the bed and positioned the girls down
the center on their sides, back-to-back and head to toe.  Both were wearing knee
high ballet boots and had threaded, hard rubber ring gags in their mouths.  For
the moment rubber penis plugs were screwed in and filled each mouth.

Around their necks they wore 4" wide stiff leather posture collars; these had a
metal socket protruding from the nape at the back.  We started with Susan.  Into
the neck socket I screwed a T shaped piece of pipe.  The cross pieces of the
unit were about 1' long and had cuffs at each end and these we locked around
Amy's ankles.  Her legs were now held apart on either side of Susan's head.  The
arms with the ankle cuffs were hinged and collapsible.

Lubing up one of our largest double butt plugs Karen worked it into Amy's
rosebud and then held Susan's feet while I guided the other end into her ass. 
When both halves were fully buried Susan's ankles were locked into the cuffs on
the T unit at Amy's neck.  Tight straps around their upper thighs and waists
held them buttock-to-buttock and strong cord from each metal unit, in Susan's
case to the foot of the bed, and Amy's to the top finished their restraints.

The only other things on their bodies were tight 1" straps around the base of
each breast.  These would increase the sensitivity of the bulging orbs.

Leaving them to wonder and our own anticipation to grow, Karen and I went
through to the living room and poured drinks.  When those were finished it was
first shower time and then bedtime!  Completely naked except for satin robes we
met again in the bedroom and helped each other to work one end of double
strap-ons in our pussies; and tighten the holding belts.

We set out satin pillows near the girls faces and a couple more of the latex
sheets within easy reach then; turning the light down to a soft glow we went to
bed.





Susan was mine and I snuggled up to her as I gradually forced the strap-on in
her waiting orifice.  Now I removed her mouth plug leaving the ring gag in
place.  I could feel the movements as Karen did the same with Amy and asked if
she was ready.  Getting an "Oh God yes!" back I reached between our captive's
buttocks and switched on the butt plugs.  Now down to my own groin and did the
same with the vibrating strap-on dildos.  Karen groaned as she followed suit.

I pushed my tongue in Susan's mouth and started a prolonged French kiss while my
hands caressed her breasts and nipples.  After a while as things started to
build I stopped just long enough to say to Karen "Now!"  We both reached an arm
out to the T units holding their ankles apart and released the spring-loaded
arms.  This snapped their legs together increasing the effects of the toys
embedded so deeply inside them.  I pulled one of the sheets across the middle of
the four of us then settled back and let nature take its course.

After my third orgasm I had just enough strength left to screw in Susan's mouth
plug and then let myself drift.  By the time the batteries died I was fast
asleep.

What a great "Sister Sandwich!"  We would do it often.




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
Anne Gray
Chapter 12 - Getting to the Point!

Susan and Amy were facing about as much distress as the human body could stand
without actual injury.  Karen and I were working on them at the same time rather
than finish one girl's outfit before starting on her sister.  That system was
good if we wanted one to watch and anticipate what was going to happen to them
next but we decided to let them find out together what was in store.

Temporary ball gags stifled their moans as we forced their arms up between their
shoulder blades.  As usual, each arm had been tightly gloved in kid leather then
the hands covered with disposable plastic gloves and the fingers taped together. 
Pointed leather mitts laced over each hand to the wrist.

Their upper bodies were in leather jackets with built in corsets that laced down
the back and had two-inch openings in each bra cup allowing their nipples and
the top of their breasts to bulge through.  We hooked the rings on the ends of
the mitts into small snap hooks on the straps at the back of their necks.  The
straps crossed the shoulders and met in front before going down between their
breasts and attaching to the waist belt of the corset.

Working together we pulled to tighten straps across their bent arms until the
elbows met in the small of the back.   This forced their chests out and we
knotted the laces threaded through eyelets at the base of each bra cup to
further trap the four swollen mammary glands.

We had attached metal brackets to the sides at the middle of the table and they
were joined across the width of the table by a 1" diameter rubber covered bar
whose height was adjustable.  The sisters were positioned on their knees facing
each other at opposite ends of the table, their knees wide apart and strapped to
the sides.  Further restraints held their ankles.



One at a time we removed the temporary gags and forced each girl to bend at the
waist and bite down on the bar.  With the bar clenched between their teeth
straps from it went around their heads, now side by side, and held them in
place.   We adjusted the height of the bar until they were looking straight
ahead.  Their rear ends were readily accessible to us at the ends of the table
and they could see what happened to each other.  They would also feel it
happening to them at the same time.

Each working on one of the sisters we started with chrome plated anus spreader
rings.  There were no sharp edges on the instruments; with a little lubrication
and firm pressure, they went in.  Each had a hollow cone that tapered down to a
1 1/2" diameter at its deepest penetration while the ring itself stretched the
lips of their rosebuds to the maximum.  Unable to stop the intrusion Susan and
Amy made it known despite the gag bar that they were not enjoying themselves.

With the spreaders in place we used thin leather thongs to lace the pierced lips
of their assholes to the small openings around the circumference of the chrome
inserts.

Our largest remote control butt plugs then slid through the top opening of the
spreaders, down through the metal cones and deep into their hind ends.  Metal
clasps on the rim of the chrome inserts snapped down over the ends of the plugs
and locked in place.

Now we adjusted the girls on the table until they were kneeling facing each end
and bent over backwards.  Forcing their heads under the bar we again made them
clamp their jaws on it, this time face up, and used the straps around their
heads to hold them in place.  Now their freshly shaved vaginas received our
attention.


The vaginal inserts were also chrome but larger and oval in shape.  Working
slowly and methodically at each end of the table Karen and I eased them into
place until the orifices were spread wide open.  Like the back ones we laced
them to the holes in the lips of our captives' vaginas.

There was a small round extension at the top of each spreader and we carefully
fitted each pierced clitoris through the opening and used small gold rings
through the tips to keep them from retreating.

The largest dildos in our collection slid into the openings and filled the
cavities to their full depth.  This invasion also did not go well with the two
helpless girls.

Removing them from the gag bar and replacing the temporary gags allowed Susan
and Amy to be pulled up into a kneeling position so we could attach narrow,
curved chrome strips to the hinge pins at the top of each vaginal spreader.  As
we fitted them between their legs the rings in their clits came through a narrow
slot and the other ends of the strips attached to the top rim of the anus
spreaders, locking into place with small pins.

Short leather straps back and front attached the chrome strip to the waist belt
of their corsets and the girls had on the ultimate in chastity belts.  Just the
tips of their clits, held in place by the gold rings, were accessible.

Lifting them off the table to the floor and laying them on their backs Karen
continued with Susan's outfit while I did Amy's.  Skintight kid toreador pants
followed the usual latex panties.    Flipping the girls on their stomachs we
laced the pant legs very tightly from knee to ankle.  Stirrup straps under the
insteps and toe loops kept the leather taught.

Even though their legs were not yet restrained the acute helplessness of their
upper torsos kept them docile.  The chrome chastity belts and the huge plugs
they held inside the girl's cavities were a further reason that negated any
struggles.

The leather crotch straps were almost just decorative considering what was
already in place but we pulled them as tight as they would go before strapping
Susan and Amy's legs together at thigh, knee and ankle.  The single leg boots
were en point and took a great deal of effort to force over their feet.



Each kneeling across one of the girls, facing their feet, Karen and I worked
side by side to lace up the thigh high boots until they molded to our captive's
legs.  Their insteps were forced in incredible arcs accented by the gleaming
black leather. 

The bonds on them were so tight that as we lifted each girl to her feet there
was hardly any bend to their bodies.  We stood them back to back, balancing on
the points of the boots, held upright by very short chains from their belts to
the waist high metal poles they were positioned between.  To further stiffen the
arrangement we used several roller buckle straps around both forms.  Ankles,
knees, thighs, waists and just above their bulging breasts the straps locked
them together.

Even though Karen and I were both wearing knee boots with substantial heels we
needed to stand on low stools to work properly on the sisters from their necks
up.  Other than the tops of their breasts bulging through the bra cup openings,
their heads were the only part of them not encased in tight kid leather bondage.

The temporary gags still in place we pushed tiny balls of cotton wool, soaked in
light oil, deeply into their ears.  Plugs then went in and filled the rest of
the ear channel.  No sound would now penetrate - yet one more step towards
complete helplessness.  Their glossy black hair was tucked into tight, heavy
rubber swim caps and the straps pulled under their chins to fastened under the
left ear.

I inserted a metal brace between Susan's teeth behind the ball gag and turned
the screw on it until her jaws were forced wide apart.  The ball popped out as I
did this and Karen was ready with the padded tongs to get a hold of the girl's
tongue.  Working carefully I installed three small gold rings through the holes
pierced at each side and the tip.  Using lightweight fishing line and a pair of
tweezers I threaded it through the left side ring and then around one of her
lower teeth and tied it off.  The other side and the tip got the same treatment.

Leaving her for the time being we got Amy along to the same stage and then Karen
continued with her while I returned to Susan.


We packed their mouths with soft leather pears and then removed the braces
holding their jaws apart.  Using the holes drilled in their front teeth several
turns of the fishing line closed their mouths over the packing.  A thin strip of
leather then went in their mouths between the cheeks and teeth and more fishing
line, threaded through blunt needles, laced their lips together.

Two or three turns of tape around their heads and smoothed across the mouth
finished that part of the gagging process and the tears flowed freely down their
cheeks.  Hollow inserts screwed up into the four nostrils allowing the girls to
breathe no matter how tight the rest of their head bondage became.

The soft black leather discipline helmets molded to their faces with just
eyeholes and small opening under the noses. As we each laced one down the back
of their heads we took care to make sure there were no creases.  When we had
laced the necks of the helmets to the jacket collars we buckled on wide leather
neckbands so that the large oblong clasps of the buckles were under their chins
like a posture collar.

Kid gag straps pulled snugly around each head and then their heads were held
tightly together with a padlock through D rings under Susan's right ear and
Amy's left.  Large gold rings were fed through the nostril holes of the helmet
and their pierced septums

 But we let them just hang resting against the top of the gagged mouths for now. 
Using blunt needles and long pieces of leather thong we started to connect the
eyelets around the opening in the bra cups.  The leather was pinched tightly
into the flesh of their swollen glands but the blunt needles allowed us to
gradually crisscross each breast, avoiding the nipples until we had a mesh of
tight leather embedded in their flesh.

Gold rings went through their pierced nipples and were then pulled through small
clamps that tightened on the jutting points.  We were almost done with our
bondage sisters but now provided a final accent to their dilemma.  Using a small
link gold chain we fed it through their nose rings and then down to the nipple
rings.

Gold painted fishing sinkers were hung from each of the nipple rings.  The
buckles under their chins and the padlock holding their heads side by side kept
them from easing the strain on the chains.  Only their shining eyes could move
along with the gentle rise and fall of the leather stretched across their
chests.  We tested the inserts and watched as their eyes went wide but their
bodies could not react.

We estimated it would be less than an hour before, their weight being completely
focused on the ends of their boots, they would be getting to the painful 
"point" of this setup.

After all the trouble we had taken, we left them as they were for two hours!




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
Anne Gray
Chapter 13 - Birthday Bonds

We had settled our girls for the night after another exhausting, for them, day
of bondage fun.  As always they were severely restrained but in such a manner
that they should be able to get some rest.  Karen and I had decided to have a
couple of drinks and discuss our plans for tomorrow.

It was our birthday and since, as identical twins, we had usually received
identical gifts it was now our habit to try and surprise each other with
something different.

Karen really got me this time; I don't remember anything after the second drink. 
When I woke up my head was clear but my mouth was full of a leather gag and my
arms and legs strapped to the edges of the table.  The end of the table was
tilted up so I was able to see the whole of the room and immediately realized
what was in store for me.

Susan and Amy were standing side by side looking at me with a grinning Karen
behind them.  They were both in one piece kid leather body suits, laced high
heeled boots and heavy waist belts.  Karen must have been working on them for
some time because they were obviously severely gagged and had their heads laced
into gleaming leather discipline helmets with straps buckled over their mouths.

Their gloved hands seemed free until I saw the metal cuff on each wrist.  Light
chains ran from each cuff to metal rings on each side of the waist belts then
down between their legs.  I watched as Karen attached the ends of the chains to
a snap hook on the rope to the ceiling pulley.  Now I knew how she could control
them.  One flick of the pulley switch in her hand would snap their wrists in
against the belts making them completely helpless.

Their ankles were hobbled with short chains.


Laughing, Karen wished me a happy birthday and said she hoped I would enjoy my
gift.  She tapped each captive girl on the cheek to get their attention,
gestured around the room at the bondage equipment and closets packed with
leather clothing, then pointed at me and waved them forward.

They didn't need a moment to think about the offer and their eyes gleamed above
the tight gag straps.  The chains to the cuffs were long enough for them to have
full use of their arms and the ankle hobbles did not restrain them much more
than the incredibly high heels on the boots.

Karen and I watched as they moved around the room picking out the bondage
equipment they intended to use.  After spending so much time in the most severe
bondage we could think of they proceeded to get their own back and I was about
to be plugged, strapped, laced, belted and birthday bound in leather until they
could think of nothing more to do to me.  So I thought!

At least Karen had remembered to remove the piercing equipment from the room and
I was confident that she would watch very carefully what went on.  Before we had
requisitioned our two captives we had only ourselves to practice our hobby on so
we each knew exactly the limits of the other as well as what turned us each on
and off.

They had certainly learned their lessons well, they worked on one of my limbs at
a time and made sure the other three were securely fastened to something.  In
this manner they soon had my arms in elbow length kid gloves, fingers taped
together and then my hands encased in a pair of pointed leather mitts with small
metal rings at the fingertips.

The leather jacket with the built in corset laced down the back and, as they
then forced my arms up between my shoulder blades, my breasts were partially
crushed as they tried to bulge through the holes in the bra cups like toothpaste
out of a tube but the holes were too small.



The rings at the fingertips were hooked to a strap running around my neck and
down to the waist belt and then with obvious glee, they both leaned all their
weight on a strap that pulled my elbows together until they touched in the small
of my back.

The strain was quite uncomfortable because, since we had been working on Susan
and Amy for the last few weeks, we had not been using the bondage equipment on
each other and my muscles had tightened up.  I was helpless to resist as they
turned me on my back, strapped me back down to the table and forced my feet into
the metal stirrups.  They tied my legs to the stirrup arms at the ankle and just
below my knees.

The butt plug that Amy none to gently rammed into me could definitely have used
a lot more lubricant and they knew it.  Susan selected a large leather dildo
and, as she pushed it in, I was lucky that my body was responding with enough
natural fluid to let it slide inside with little pain.

Working as a team they released my legs one at a time and soon had me in tight
latex panties and a pair of the skintight leather toreador pants we had so often
used on them.  Amy had a vicious look in her eyes as she tightened the crotch
strap and fixed it to my belt.  The inserts would certainly not be moving while
that was in place.

The single leg boot caused them just as much trouble to get on me as it did for
us but, once they had bound my legs and got my feet in the shoe of the boot,
they really pulled on the laces to get the edges to meet neatly.  My insteps
felt the familiar pain of being strained to the limit by the height of the
heels.

Now they had me completely encased in leather except for the top of my breasts
and my head; they didn't waste time getting to that.  They removed the strap
from around my head but left the gag in my mouth as they each forced in one of
the earplugs and then Susan pulled a rubber cap over my head and tucked in the
rest of my hair.



Amy was ready with the roll of tape and wound it tightly around my head and over
the gag in my mouth.  They didn't even offer me a glass of water first and I
hoped Karen was keeping a sharp eye on them.

They selected a beautiful armless leather dress from the closet and slid it up
my body until it settled over my shoulders with my arms in the fitted pocket
designed into the back.  They did the front closing up to just above my waist
and then really tightened the wide belt.

From the corner they dragged over a heavy straight-backed chair and, lifting
together, they moved me on to the seat then tied my booted feet back against the
front chair rung.  They used the buckles on either side of my belt to pull me
tight against the chair back.  The back did not have any cross pieces so I was
able to sit upright in spite of my bound arms.

Amy held my head still while Susan pushed in the rigid leather nostril inserts
and then the two girls fitted a leather helmet over my head and moved behind me
to lace it tightly down the back.  With the helmet done up and the collar laced
to the top of the corset they did up the rest of the dress.  Amy held a gag
strap over my mouth while Susan pulled it tight and buckled it at the back.  A
strap around my upper chest held me tight against the uprights of the chair back
and I hoped they were about done.

Then Amy made her move.  Standing in front of the chair with her back to Karen
she made as if to smooth the leather encasing my face but in actual fact moved
her gloved thumbs over the openings at my nostrils.  Unfortunately for Amy,
Karen and I had always had a "Condition Red" signal to use if we were really in
trouble and I used it now.  With the air left in my lungs I squealed deep in my
throat.

At the first sound the two girls were yanked back and almost off their feet and
I could breathe again.




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
Anne Gray

Chapter 14 - Birthday Bonds Part 2

Amy and Susan were held helpless with their wrists tight against their belts. 
The chain between their legs and connected to the ceiling pulley forced them up
on tip toe with nothing to do but await punishment.

Karen came over and looked into my eyes.  Since I could neither hear nor speak
she just raised her eyebrows in question and I, having recovered my breath,
winked back at her.  To my surprise she then disappeared behind me and I felt
her tightening every strap holding me.

There was not much give as the two girls had used all their strength on my
bondage.  Karen came in sight again smiling and holding a small gift wrapped
package.  Standing where I could see her she opened it and revealed a small
electric vibrator pad.

The skirt of the dress was very tight around my booted legs but she managed to
work the vibrator under it until it was resting against the crotch strap.  Then
she forced it down under the edge of the double boot so it was firmly in place.

Straightening the skirt she fed the wire down to an extension cord beside the
chair and plugged it in.  It was not turned on.  The smile left her face as she
turned to the two helpless girls.

My sister obviously knew that it was Amy who had initiated the attack so she
left her for later and started with Susan.  First she clamped the girl's wrists
together at the front of the belt then released just enough tension on the
ceiling pulley to allow her to force Susan into a sitting position on the floor.




Each booted ankle was strapped to floor rings about 2' apart then Karen sat on
the back of Susan's neck and forced her to bend forward until her head almost
touched the floor.  Releasing one arm at a time Karen pulled them out, under
Susan's knees, at right angles to her body and tied the wrists to handy floor
rings.

She tightened the gag strap another notch and then untied the right ankle and
pulled the leg up and over the girl's back.  Karen followed suit with the left
leg before taking a quick turn of cord around the crossed ankles to hold them in
position.

In another few moments my sister had twisted Susan's arms under each thigh and
behind her back.  She lashed them together at the wrist.  Now Susan was doubled
in half with her head between her legs but that position was soon to get worse.

Karen fixed a heavy strap with a large metal ring around the crossed ankles and
hooked the ring to the end of the ceiling pulley rope.  Starting the motor
caused the girl to be hauled off the floor and by the time she was at waist
height her own weight was trying to straighten her legs.  The back of her knees
pushing against the back of each shoulder increased the pressure bending her
body.  Karen took any slack out of the bonds.

Held immobile as I was, Karen had thoughtfully arranged things so Susan's
leather covered gagged head, locked with her chin almost touching her buttocks,
was facing me as she hung suspended from the pulley.  Only her eyes were
unrestrained and they didn't look too happy.

She was even more uncomfortable when Karen attached another strap to the one at
her crotch, ran it down to a floor ring and then took the pulley up another few
inches.

As the leather encased girl hung in her bonds I felt a sensation in my crotch
and realized that Karen had turned on the vibrator pad.  Waves of feeling
traveled through my body from the effect of the pad on the butt plug and dildo. 
Absolutely unable to move I concentrated on Susan in front of me as thing began
to build until the total effect of everything happening caused an explosion of
relief.

What a birthday present but it wasn't finished yet.

Now it was Amy's turn and, from the look on Karen's face, I didn't think she was
going to enjoy the next few hours.

The vibrator continued to run maintaining a beautiful level of sensations
throughout my body as I watched my sister punish Amy.

Unhooking the wrist chains she forced the girl face down on the floor and
proceeded to strap her arms up between her shoulder blades.

Taking a heavy upper body corset she fitted it from Amy's shoulders to waist and
used a metal levering tool to pull the edges together as she laced it closed
from top to bottom.  So tight did she get the corset that the girl's breasts
were almost flattened and her upper body rigid.  While I couldn't hear anything
I could see her nostrils working as she fought for air

Karen strapped Amy's legs together and then went to the bench for the packing
tape ratchet.  Normally used by shippers the dispenser used 1/2" nylon tape. 
Bending the legs at the knees Karen ran a loop of the tape around the girl's
ankles and upper thighs and started to squeeze the trigger on the machine.  As
she worked the tape tightened and soon had the calves squashed tightly against
the thighs.

Karen flipped the switch that sealed the ends of the tape and cut it ready for
two or three more loops around the legs just to make sure.  Now with Amy
positioned on her knees Karen pulled out a long length of the tape, ran it under
the bent legs and across the leather covered shoulders.  As the trigger did its
work Amy's chest was drawn down until it was tight against her thighs.

She ran a couple more loops around the packaged girl and then let her roll on
her side.  Two more long pieces across each shoulder and down her bent and
booted legs and Amy was an immobile package of leather.




From against the wall Karen wheeled a small, leather covered box into the center
of the room under one of the ceiling pulleys and hooked the chain from the
pulley under the straps that crossed Amy's body between the knees and the
shoulders.  Starting the motor she raised the girl until she could slide the box
under her.  The toes of the high heeled boots were level with Amy's buttocks and
as Karen lowered her into the box and pushed down on her shoulders she finally
rested on those points inside the box.

It was barely big enough to hold the girl but, with further pushing and shoving,
Karen got her all the way in until just her helmeted head was above the top
edge.  The two piece top for the box had half circles cut in their inside edges
with raised 3" arcs.  As Karen slid them in place they clamped together around
Amy's neck and the metal clasps snapped closed.

Tightening the girl's gag strap Karen ran another strap from one side of the
neck clamp, over the helmeted head to fasten at the other side.  This strap had
a roller buckle in the middle at the top of the head and as I watched Karen
leaned her weight on the two ends to tighten it down. That should give her a
headache!

She stuck a bright bow on top of the helplessly held head - another present!

Karen then left the room and when she returned she had changed into street
clothes and was buttoning her full length leather coat.  Pulling the belt tight
around her slim waist, she slipped on a pair of kid gloves before coming over to
me and stroking my leather encased cheek.  Smiling down at me she went over to
where Susan dangled from the ceiling and gave her bonds another tug.

Amy's head got a last tap and then Karen was gone.

I estimated it was over two hours before she came back in the playroom and over
to me.  The vibrator was shut off and she began to get me out of the bondage
outfit that the girls had strapped, laced and bound on so tightly.


I was very grateful that she started at my head and was finally able to pop the
gag out of my mouth and give me a long drink of water.  That made things much
more comfortable while she worked on the rest of my body.  I explained to her
what had happened with Amy and, as the last items came off and she helped me
towards the shower, she stopped in front of the leather encased, boxed and
helpless girl.

Karen handed me two solid plugs that I slowly pushed in the nostrils of the
helmeted head.  It couldn't move but her eyes showed fear as her air was
completely cut off.  After a timed one minute I removed the plugs allowing her
to breathe again and then went for a long, hot shower to recover from my
birthday surprise.

Karen was tidying up all the equipment when I came back in a pair of leather
slacks, supply kid shirt and high heeled boots.  Susan's buttocks, covered in
taunt leather were irresistible.  I picked up a thin riding crop covered in
braided leather from the wall rack and went over to where she hung by her booted
ankles.

The crop slashed across her ass cheeks a half dozen times and she moaned through
her gag at the stinging sensation caused as it hit the tight leather.  Karen
watched with a smile as I got my revenge and then we slowly started to release
our captives from their bonds.

Working as a team it still took some time until we had them standing
back-to-back, naked and spread eagled, their wrists and ankles attached to the
sides and floor of the shower stall with plastic ties.  Light raincoats
protected our leather outfits as we turned on the water and soaped them all over
using soft wash mitts.

After what they had been through there was no resistance and in half an hour we
had them tied hand and foot in chairs at the kitchen table.  It was a very late
meal and we were all tired so afterwards Karen and I worked each girl, still
bound at the wrist and ankles, into a heavy leather body bag and laced them
closed to the neck.

Gags and blindfolds followed and then we laid them side by side on the bed, tied
their feet to the bottom rail and ran straps from the epaulet loops on each
shoulder of the body bags to the head board. 

They were as comfortable as they were going to get for the rest of the night. 
There was nothing wrong with my drink this time as Karen and I relaxed and
discussed how we were going to break Amy's spirit so we could really start
enjoying ourselves.  The answer was something we agreed to try in the morning
after a good night's rest




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
ANNE GRAY

Chapter 15 - Breaking Amy!

Susan would be the static member of this set up but would still play an
important part so we started to get her ready first.  Her gloved fingers taped
and laced into leather mitts we fitted a jacket on her upper torso that had a
built in and heavily boned corset.  When that was laced down the back we bent
her arms up between her shoulder blades and strapped them tightly.

Her elbows touching in the small of her back made the tops of her breasts bulge
out of the 2" openings in the bra cups.  We would need access to them later.  A
temporary gag was keeping her quiet as we worked on her outfit and the next step
was a large butt plug that I pushed all the way in, Karen taped over the
stretched opening.

The skintight kid leather pants laced down the leg from knee to ankle; they were
crotchless with a ring of eyelets surrounding the opening at her vagina.  A
heavy leather belt had metal rings at each side of her waist and, when we had
her laced into stiletto-heeled boots, we bent the legs at the knee and used cord
through the toe rings to attach them to the belt rings.

Fitting two metal poles in sockets at one end of the table we arranged Susan
between them resting on a pad under her kneecaps. Strapping her tightly in place
we pulled her bent legs apart and tied each knee to one of the poles.  In short
order we filled her ears with rubber plugs, tucked her hair under a tight rubber
cap and replaced the temporary gag with a more substantial one that forced her
jaws wide apart.

Tape across her mouth and around her head locked the gag in place.  As Karen
laced the girl's head in a kid leather discipline helmet I had a more delicate
task.  Held upright between the posts and with her doubled over legs wide apart
she was readily accessible for me to install small gold rings in the holes
pieced around her vagina lips.

With thin leather thongs and a blunt needle I laced the rings to the eyelets in
the leather pants surrounding the opening; her vagina was held wide open!  Karen
was buckling, and then hauling, on a gag strap over the mouth area of Susan's
helmeted head as I finished my job and we both turned to Amy.

The first part of her outfit matched Susan's but after we had her upper body
laced into the corseted jacket and her arms locked up behind her back, we
installed both a large butt plug and a 7" dildo and, making sure the wires from
them were clear, pulled a pair of latex panties on her.  A crotch strap held the
inserts firmly inside the helpless girl.

The kid leather pants were followed by a single leg boot that had a extremely
high heel forcing her feet almost to the en pointe position.  Working on her
head we plugged the ears and tucked her hair under a tight rubber cap then
fitted a hollow nostril insert in each side of her nose.

A special leather helmet went on over her head; this one laced down the back but
had openings at the eyes, nostrils and mouth.  Small eyelets surrounded the
mouth opening.   Karen forced Amy's mouth open and I pushed a rubber wedge
between her teeth to hold them wide apart.

Taking some more very thin leather thong I used the blunt needle to sew her
pierced lips to the eyelets in the leather around her mouth.  We worked short,
hard rubber grooved wedges between her teeth on either side of her mouth.  They
were thinner at the ends where her back teeth slotted in the grooves then
gradually got thicker towards the side molars.  The ends facing out of her mouth
had small metal rings embedded in them.

An expanding ring gag went behind her front teeth and once it was in place Karen
twisted the set screws until Amy's jaws were locked open; small rods protruding
from the sides of the ring gag fitted in the rings on the wedges and locked
everything immovably in place.




Taking a pair of forceps Karen captured Amy's tongue and pulled it out through
the ring gag so I could install a ring through the stud hole we had pierced in
the tip.  Releasing the tongue for a minute we positioned the bound girl on her
stomach in front of Susan.  Straps across her legs held her to the table and
then as I lifted her upper torso Karen tightened a strap from the crown of the
helmet to a D ring on the crotch strap.

When that was done her wide-open mouth was almost level with Susan's vagina and
just inches away.  Taking another 7" dildo we again caught her tongue and fitted
the ring in it through a small clasp in the butt end of the toy.  Loosening the
straps across her legs, we pulled Amy along the table as I guided the dildo in
to Susan.

When it was all the way in I used my finger to push it deeper until Amy's tongue
was also buried in her sister.  Straps from D rings on either side of Amy helmet
buckled to the ones on the sides of Susan's belt held her head in place and the
size of the embedded toy stopped her from retracting her tongue.

We re-tightened the straps across Amy's body stopping any other movement and
turned our attention back to Susan.

Each of us took one of her nipples in our mouth and gently tongued them erect. 
At the same time I held a vibrator pad between her buttocks to send its message
to the butt plug and Karen reached a finger down in front of Amy's leather
covered face to manipulate Susan's clit.

With her sister's warm breath panting on her most sensitive area, and our
ministrations, slowly we aroused the bound girl until her body stiffened and
reacted with a flow of love juice.  Amy's tongue and mouth reaped the rewards of
our efforts.  I took a moment to activate the plugs buried inside her and
watched as tears of embarrassment, helplessness and, probably, hopelessness
sprang from the corners of her eyes.



Our leather bound captives were completely at our mercy, dominated by our
bondage ideas and equipment; Amy would give us no further trouble, her will to
resist had collapsed.  We brought Susan to a couple more orgasms just to drive
home our point.




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
ANNE GRAY

Chapter 16 - Revenge is Sweet!

Ever since my twin sister had surprised me on our birthday and left me to the
mercy of our unwilling houseguests I had been quietly planning my revenge. 
Yesterday had been Christmas and, after we had fed and watered our lovely
Chinese girls before leaving them securely bound, we visited friends and enjoyed
the holiday with them.

When we got home I had made a cup of tea and we sat in the living room
discussing ideas for Amy and Susan's continuing education in bondage.  Just as
she had done to me on our birthday, I had doctored Karen's drink and was ready
to catch her cup as she slipped sideways on the couch and went out like a light.

Now it was Boxing Day and I had been busy with the three of them.  Karen had
been laced into a one-piece crotchless leather cat suit with her legs in
stiletto heeled boots and then bent at the knee so her calves were locked
against her thighs.  She was gagged with a large leather pear and had her hair
tucked under a tight rubber cap before I had taped her mouth and laced her head
into a kid leather helmet.

The neck of the helmet laced to the collar of the cat suit and her arms were
locked in position up between her shoulder blades.  A tight strap over her mouth
completed her costume for now.  As I worked on her she had woken up but could do
nothing except stare at me as I smiled at her.

Susan and Amy were in identical outfits except their legs were encased in double
leg boots then also bent and strapped so their feet were clamped to their
buttocks.  The inserts and gags I had used for them were specially designed. 
Now it was time to create the tableau I had devised for them.



I moved a heavy, flat, wheeled platform into the middle of the playroom under
one of the ceiling pulleys.  It was very low to the ground and had a metal pole
bolted to the middle with soft pads around its base.

Fitting a harness around Susan's helpless body I used the pulley to lift and
swing her over the platform then lowered her until her knees settled on the pad
and the pole came up her front to just above her breasts.  A couple of straps
held her in place while I released the harness and used it to move Amy over and
on to the platform facing her sister.

Now I used 3/4" nylon shipping tape to loop over them in several places then
tighten until they were crushed together and held upright on their knees by the
pole.  I used short straps from the top of the helmets to a buckle on the waist
belts and pulled their heads back so they were looking straight up.

There was a threaded socket in each of their gags and I screwed a large butt
plug in Amy's and an equally large dildo in Susan's.  Now it was Karen's turn to
get involved.

She glared at me helplessly as I adjusted the harness around her and used the
pulley system to position her over the two girls.  Gradually I lowered her until
I could use my free hand to get the butt plug and dildo started.  The stems of
the pieces were angled slightly and they slid inside her as I continued to lower
her until the flanges on the toys were against her crotch.  I locked the pulley
and untied her legs.

Karen was helpless to resist as I buckled a metal and leather brace around each
knee to keep her booted legs from bending.  The flanges on the inserts kept the
two girl's noses clear of Karen's body so they could breathe.  I released the
straps holding their heads back and replaced them with one that went around the
back of their necks.

This forced the flanges tightly against Karen and, as I released the harness she
settled the last little bit on to her high heels and the embedded inserts.


I tied her ankles to rings in the straps holding the girls' legs.  Susan and Amy
could not budge and Karen's legs were now tight against their sides.  Tightening
the gag strap one final time I slipped a very thin, flesh coloured latex hood
over my sister's helmeted head and it formed to every curve of her face.  There
were openings for her eyes and under the nostrils and it covered the lacing
around her neck.

As she stood, unable to move, I used my makeup kit to highlight the cheeks and
draw on eyebrows and a pair of voluptuous lips that I filled I with deep red
lipstick.  Using small pieces of Velcro I attached dangling earrings to each
side of her head.  The frames of the glasses were decorated with rhinestones and
a piece of elastic around her head kept them in place on her nose.

The lenses were just plain glass but the frames disguised the edges of the
eyeholes in the helmet covering her face.  I settled a beautiful blonde pageboy
wig on her head and combed it neatly to frame her face.  It allowed the earrings
to show as if they were attached in a normal manner to her ears.

From the closet I took a small tank of oxygen and set it on the platform holding
it in place with a strap against Karen's leg.  I ran a small plastic tube to
Susan's nose and pushed the nipple on the end in one of her nostrils; a piece of
tape held it in place.  Amy got similar treatment.  I tightened leather
blindfolds over their eyes.

Going through the house to my own room I pulled two items from their hiding
place and took them back to the playroom.  Karen's eyes widened as she watched
me adjust the hoops in the skirt of a beautiful, armless, full-length black kid
leather ball gown.

I adjusted the valve on the oxygen tank to deliver a slow feed to the two bound
girls and then lifted the dress and settled it over Karen's head.  The
high-necked bodice laced down the back over her bound arms and the hooped skirt
flared out at the waist before dropping to cover the platform and brush the
floor.




Both of the girls and the platform were entirely hidden by the skirt and the
high neck covered the bottom of the flesh-toned mask.  The second item was a
matching full length leather cape that I draped over Karen's shoulders.  The
hood came up to loosely frame her face and I didn't close the front so that the
way it draped gave the impression that her arms were hidden by it rather than
being rigidly locked behind her.

I had video taped the whole process and now walked around my sister to record
the scene.  A beautifully dressed young lady standing in the middle of the room
with no sign that she was helplessly bound and unable to move.

Continuing to tape I pushed a button on one of the remote controls and, while
there was no sign of movement beneath the skirt, a low moan told me that Amy's
inserts had come to life.  Another button started those deep inside Susan and,
finally, I turned on the butt plug and dildo that were embedded inside Karen
from the mouths of our captives.

Once I was sure they all worked properly I shut them off and went to change into
one of my favorite leather suits.  Back in the playroom I closed the front of
the cape with its braided leather hoops and fastened the hood firmly at the
neck.  Pulling on my leather coat I buttoned it properly, tightened the belt and
reached for a pair of kid driving gloves.

Stroking my helpless sister's cheek I activated all the inserts again and waved
goodbye to her.  The toys were plugged in to a wall socket and the oxygen supply
was good for a few hours during which my three victims would experience the
sensations caused by the inserts but be unable to enjoy them; I had set the
levels just that little bit too low.

When I returned from shopping for Boxing Day bargains I pushed the platform,
with its immoveable passengers, through to the living room and left it so Karen
was facing the big screen TV.  Just to complete my revenge I rewound the video
and sat enjoying a drink while it played through the entire process I had used
to gain my sweet revenge.




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
ANNE GRAY

Chapter 17- Drink your milk - or Else!

Susan and Amy were facing each other their knees, almost touching, were spread
wide and held in place by cord to floor rings.  Ankles crossed and lashed to
another ring then straps around their upper thighs completed the job of holding
them to the floor.  The girl's legs were encased in kid leather thigh boots with
punishing en pointe shoes.

Showing above the tops of the boots their buttocks were covered in skintight
leather pants.  There were no crotches in the pants but before we had dressed
them we forced in long, ridged butt plugs and taped them in place.

The girl's arms were strained behind them in mono arm leather sheaths that laced
up over their tightly bound wrists and elbows almost to the shoulder.  The
points of the sheaths were tied to rings between their feet pulling them back to
sit on their ankles.  This reinforced the pressure on the butt plugs and made
the tops of their breasts push out through the 2" diameter openings in the
leather bondage bras.

Leather thongs threaded through the base of each cup were pulled tight and
knotted.  Cinched around each waist was a heavily boned corset that matched the
bras and gave them hourglass figures.

The tightly laced discipline helmets had openings at the mouth, eyes, nostrils
and ears and a stiff collar around the neck.  Amy had refused to finish her
lunch and so now both of them were reaping the punishment for her action.

They made little sound as we worked on them because large ring gags held their
jaws wide apart.  A plug had been screwed in to each ring for the time being and
we had used waterproof tape around their mouths to seal the lips.

Co-ordinating our movements, Karen and I fitted threaded nipple clamps to the
four bulging mammary glands and then screwed thin 8" metal rods in the sockets
attaching the girl's chests to each other by their nipples.  Even if there had
been some play in the arm and thigh restraints it was now gone.

We unpacked some new toys and held them for the girls to see.  The long thick
dildos were made of ridged, hard plastic, had a flared opening at the knob, were
hollow down the middle and had several holes drilled in the sides.  Flanges at
the base had small holes drilled around the edges and a 2" long rubber tube
extended out from the hollow center.  Amy and Susan were unable to do a thing
about it as we inserted the instruments deeply inside them until the flanges
were tight against their openings.

Using the holes pierced around each vagina we laced the lips over the edges of
the flanges and covered everything with waterproof tape.  The catheters, for
that is now what they had become, were sealed inside our Chinese beauties and we
moved to the next step.

Cords from the ring at the crown of each helmet and attached to the top of the
arm sheaths forced their heads back.  We unscrewed the center plugs from the
gags and replaced them with pieces of clear plastic hose.  At the ends of the
hose were small funnels and we moved chairs over to sit beside the hapless girls
while we slowly poured a jug of water into each of them.

They had no choice it was either swallow the fluid or choke.  After the second
jugs were empty we loosened the cords holding their heads back, removed the
funnels from the hoses and re-attached the ends of the hoses to the tubes
protruding from their vagina.

But - we switched them so Amy's mouth was now connected to Susan's vagina and
vice versa.  We fitted heavy gold rings into their pierced ears and used thin
gold chains to connect them to the nipple clamps of the victim opposite. That
kept their heads facing forwards and we explained to them exactly how the
punishment would work.




Sooner or later the water would work through their systems and they would have
to empty their bladders.  When they did they would then see the amber fluid
climbing inside the clear plastic tubing until it disappeared in to the mouth
opposite.

We removed the clamps closing the vagina tubes and, getting ourselves long cool
drinks to sip, we settled back to watch as they desperately tried to hold off
the inevitable.  It took over an hour before we saw liquid in the tube slowly
rising towards Amy's mouth.  She had rebelled again and would now suffer for her
trouble.

Naturally, she was breathing through her nose and we saw, even under the
leather, her neck muscles tense as she attempted to stop from swallowing the
flow into her gagged mouth.  Her eyes flinched as she got the first taste of her
sisters' effluence.  Taking a metal rod Karen used it to tap the ones connecting
their nipples.

The reaction to the pain was a sharp intake of breath and Amy lost both that
battle and the concentration on her own bladder; fluid surged up the other tube
to Susan's mouth and we had turned the two sisters into a recycling system.

We checked the seals at their mouths and vaginas and found not a dribble of
leakage.  As we left the room Karen whispered in Amy's ear that next time she
should drink her milk!




THE LEATHER TWINS
By

ANNE GRAY

Chapter 18 - "Anyone for Cards?"

Karen and I were playing cards but Susan and Amy were keeping the score!

They were each suspended between vertical poles beside the fireplace, Amy on the
left and Susan on the right.  Their heavily corseted torsos were held between
the poles by body harnesses.  The straps from the shoulder D rings and bondage
belts just increased the pressure holding their leather encased arms up between
their shoulder blades.

The tops of their breasts bulged through the 2" diameter holes in the corset's
bra cups.  Their legs, in stiletto heeled thigh boots, were bound to the poles
at the knees then doubled up and had the ankles tied to their thighs.  The
resulting V shape made them completely vulnerable.  Ring gags held their mouths
open and their lips were sealed around them with tape.  Their heads were
covered, after we had pushed in earplugs and hollow nostril inserts, with
skintight leather discipline helmets laced down the back.

In front of each helpless girl was a third pole with several attachments
arranged at different heights. Before starting our card game we had screwed into
the gags a metal sheath holding rubber penis shaped prods.  The other ends of
the sheaths were attached to the pole in front of their faces.

A foot above their mouths was a funnel also attached to the third pole, and
hoses led from them to threaded fittings in the gag sheaths. These, in turn,
were connected to the ends of the hollow prods.

Level with their breasts were short hoses with suction cups at the ends. We had
attached nipple clamps to heighten the effect and then fitted the cups over them
and laced the edges of the cups to the top hems of the bra openings. The hoses
lead to small electric pumps.

Impaler poles were bolted to the floor and further held with clamps part way up
the third pole.  Large catheter dildos protruded just an inch from their sheaths
and into the front orifices while second impalers, tipped with massive butt
plugs, barely rested at their back entrances.  Each pole had a ratchet mechanism
worked by a foot pedal.

Clear plastic hoses ran from the catheter tubes with the other ends attached to
the poles just above the funnels.  The tips of both inserts were held in place
by flanges that we had taped over until they were leak proof.

The idea was very simple. If I lost a hand then Karen had her choice of doing
something to my partner - Susan.  The choices were: - one turn of the gag screw
which pushed the prod an further half inch into her mouth; one cup of water
poured into the funnel; one click of either of the impaler mechanisms or one
notch of the pump which first started and then increased the suction.

If I won a hand then I had a similar list of choices with Karen's partner - Amy,

Dressed in incredibly soft kid leather lounging outfits, we had light music
playing in the background, a lovely flickering fire, cocktails at hand and a
great game going.

After an hour of play it was neck and neck.  Both partners had the penis shaped
prods halfway into their mouths and, through the hollow centers, had each been
forced to swallow several cups of water.  Both suction pumps were on and at one
third pressure while the dildos and butt plugs (our favorites) were almost all
the way in.

For one of us to win the others partner had to have the inserts all the way in
and tight against the flanges; suction at maximum and the gag prod screwed in
all the way while swallowing a steady stream of amber fluid flowing into the
funnel from the catheter tube.


Susan and Amy were positioned in such a way that they could see each other and
every time one of us won a hand their eyes would follow the winner as they made
the next adjustment to claim their prize.

The first game lasted nearly two hours before my partner had nothing left to
adjust and I had lost.  To reward Amy, Karen snapped an electric vibrator pad to
the flange of her dildo and adjusted it to optimum.  In turn, I unhooked the
funnel end of Susan's tube and allowed it to drain into a bucket.

I turned off the suction pump and lowered the two impaling poles then, I had
another drink while I waited for Amy to get off so we could start another game.




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
ANNE GRAY

Chapter 19 - "Wheeled Clean Outs!"

Our Chinese beauties were now tolerating harsher and more complex bondage
situations as Karen and I used all our ingenuity to train them.  Our current
project was a lead up to a masterpiece and we had spent a long time planning how
it would be done.   Early in the day they had both been fed and showered and now
sat in the playroom, bound hand and foot, watching our preparations.

Temporary ball gags kept them quiet.

We carried the sections of the wheel into the center of the room and bolted them
together.  Although very strong the wheel was light- weight and only had two
spokes in an X format.  The spokes crossed at the middle but it was a flat hub
and not designed to take an axle.

Two foot high curved bases bolted to the floor and we lifted the wheel to set it
vertically in the grooves down the middle of each base.  The outer circumference
of the wheel rim had hard plastic teeth every inch that fitted in the grooves of
the bases.

A heavy duty electric motor would rotate the wheel at various speeds.

Starting with Amy we pushed in a large remotely operated butt plug with a
flexible rubber flange that sealed against the skin around her rosebud and held
it in place with a tight crotch strap that attached to her waist belt.  The
strap ran between her buttocks then split on either side of her vagina and
buckled to the front of the belt.

After lacing her into a black leather cat suit we spread-eagled her on the
wheel, her arms and legs lined up with the spokes, and the hub tight against her
belly button.  A criss-cross of tight straps wrapped around each spoke, and her
waist, to hold her hard against the wheel.



From the shoulder to the points of her fingers, her arms were encased in heavy
leather arm sheaths and the rings at the ends of the mitts attached her to the
rim of the wheel.  Strong cords at the elbows and knees held her to the spokes
and her wide spread legs were laced into stiletto heeled boots with more cord
from the ankles to the wheel's rim.  The cat suit was crotchless allowing us
easy access to her vagina and the built in bondage bra had small openings
allowing the breasts to bulge through.

Rings through her pierced nipples were pulled to each side and attached to the
spokes with thin cord.

Amy's jaws were spread wide with a metal ring gag and her head tightly laced
into a kid leather helmet.  Hollow nostril inserts were in her nose and a
temporary plug in the gag stifled her moans. Nearly half an hour later Susan's
position matched her sister except she was upside down on the other side of the
wheel.

The adjustable impaling poles fitted into brackets on the inside rim of the
wheel between the legs of the helpless girls.  We started the knobs of the
large, ridged, dildos about an inch inside of them and locked the mechanism. 
The rods holding the gag plugs slid up (and down) the poles until level with the
mouths of our two captives and were locked in place with setscrews.

Pulling out the ball gags we adjusted the length of the rods until their mouths
were filled with the plugs that then locked in place in the ring gags.  Each
plug had a hollow channel through the middle and was held in place with straps
around their heads.

Plastic reservoirs clamped to each shaft and the hoses from them ran to the
openings of the gag plugs.  The containers held a thick, syrupy mixture of a
potent laxative.

To make sure that everything was working properly, we released the mechanism and
slowly turned the wheel until the trigger on the outside of the rim hit the
ratchet of the impaling pole's base between each girls' legs.  As it did so the
dildos moved 1/4 inch deeper.

Setting the motors at their slowest speed we turned them on and grinned as with
each revolution the inserts were driven deeper and deeper.  Once they were
buried to their full length a contact on the flanges automatically reversed the
system and they gradually retracted to their starting position.

Held rigidly against the spokes, mouths full of jaw stretching gags locked in
place by the rods of the gag plugs, we checked that each girl had sufficient
natural lubrication occurring and then engaged the secondary triggers of the set
up and re-started the wheel.  As each girl revolved the first trigger moved the
dildos and the second one a ratchet one notch.

The timing was adjusted so that just as thick penis dildo reached the top of its
stroke the second ratchet triggered a pump that shot a thick wad of the liquid
into the throat of the other girl.

We carried our lunch back to the playroom and enjoyed it as we watched Amy and
Susan being systematically violated, struggling to breathe through their noses
between the unexpected need to swallow at the same time.  In fact, every one of
their senses was on overload when we finished this part of the project by aiming
the remote control and turning on the butt plugs.

After fifteen minutes we stopped the equipment and Amy's eyes pleaded as I
refilled the reservoir then gave the wheel a half spin and refilled Susan's. 
When those were empty we again stopped the wheel but locked it so the girls were
horizontal to the floor.  That way one of them would not be upside down while
Karen and I dressed in our leather pant suits and spent a couple of hours out
shopping.

When we came back the laxative had done its job but the butt plugs were well
sealed and the results had no place to go.  We let them suffer for a little
while longer before releasing them from the wheel, moving them over to the
toilets and tying them in place before donning disposable gloves and pulling the
plugs.

I mean anyone can shove a nozzle up an ass when an enema is required but Karen
and I preferred to be a little creative - much to the distress and discomfort of
Amy and Susan!




THE LEATHER TWINS

By

ANNE GRAY

Chapter 20 - "The Masterpiece."

Susan and Amy were completely immobilized.  Laying on their backs strapped, side
by side to the table with their leather-sheathed arms belted and laced up
between their shoulder blades, their legs encased in ballet toed single leg
boots and crotch straps holding in the butt plugs and dildos.

Their heads were close together and clamped into separate leather padded vises. 
Thin wire through the holes in their top front teeth ran to metal posts at the
end of the table behind their heads and from the lower teeth to D rings on the
waist belt of the heavily boned corsets.  This kept their jaws stretched apart
just a little less than as far as they would go without dislocating.  We had
used fishing line around their tongue studs and lower teeth to lace their
tongues to the bottom of their mouths.

Karen worked on Susan and I handled Amy as we installed rubber dental dams at
the back of their mouths.  These had been purchased at a dental supply store and
were what dentists used to stop debris going down a patient's throat.  We
painted their teeth and gums with a light vegetable oil and started packing in a
fast setting plastic mixture.  It was quite amazing how much went in before
their mouths were full and we peeled back their lips to get a thick layer of the
mixture covering their teeth.

We left them breathing easily through their noses while the plastic setup.

Returning after half an hour we cut the wires and used pressure on their chins
to get their jaws to open wide enough for us to extract the moulds.  The oil
coating had stopped the mixture from sticking.  Removing the dams we left their
tongues wired to the bottom of their mouths, pushed in large ball gags and
strapped them in place.  Opening the clamps of the vises we left the girls
strapped to the table and moved through to our workshop.  The first thing we did
was scratch an A on Amy's and an S on Susan's so they would not get mixed up and
then we spent the best part of the afternoon smoothing any roughness or sharp
edges off the moulds, drilling large holes through the centers and, using a tap
drill, threaded the inside of the holes.

Impressions of tiny knots of wire we had used through their teeth allowed us to
line up the drill to punch small holes through the moulds and across the channel
made by their teeth; we threaded those as well!

We attached small D rings to each side of the moulds and, finally, used a
non-toxic paint on the outside - gold for Susan and silver for Amy.

After a light supper, that at least two of us enjoyed, we stood the girls side
by side and held them in place with tight straps at the waist to the horizontal
bar between two posts.  It took a certain amount of pressure and manipulation
but we fitted the newly made moulds in their mouths and used long set screws in
the four small holes of each one.  These went into the outer layer of the
moulds, through the holes in their teeth and continued on into the threads of
the holes behind their teeth.

In the larger center holes we pushed rubber penis shaped dildos that had a
threaded metal base.  They were long enough to tickle the backs of our captives'
throats but not long enough to choke them; over the recent weeks and months at
our tender mercies their gag reflexes were by now almost non-existent.

The base of the mouth dildo had a ring clamp welded to it and when we attached
both clamps to a metal bar across their mouths their heads were locked side by
side with absolutely no movement possible.  Straps through the D rings at the
sides of their mouths tightened at the backs of their heads and we had the most
efficient gags we had ever devised.  As a test we attached nipple clamps and
found that a sharp twist only produced low gurgles from our lovely Asian
sisters.



The mouth moulds presented us with dozens of new bondage options and positions. 
With various attachments we could easily manipulate their heads and lock them in
every conceivable pose.  They spent the night flat on their backs on a double
mattress like a pair of leather covered Siamese twins.  We left the bar between
the gagging mouth moulds and added three more joining them at waist, knee and
ankle.  Kid leather blindfolds strapped snugly around their heads and then, for
fun, we clamped vibrator pads to their crotches.

Adjusting the pads to a low setting we turned them on and left our girls for a
frustrating night. The pads would continuously have a mild effect on the dildos
embedded in them but not enough to bring them anywhere near satisfaction.

First thing the next morning I adjusted the pad settings to maximum before
joining Karen for breakfast.

Stripping the exhausted captives of all their bonds except for plastic wrist
ties holding their hands behind their backs we changed the metal mouth bar for
two short plastic ones.  They were soon finished with their toilet and standing
in the shower enclosure with the other ends of the plastic rods screwed into
sockets on the wall.  Washing them was a breeze with their heads held so rigidly
still.

It was over three hours later, after we had fed them breakfast, that Karen was
setting up the camera to record our latest, and best yet, handiwork.

Susan and Amy were bent, stretched, laced, bound and locked into a hanging
leather covered heart shape.  They were completely helpless and unrecognizable
except as leather clad female shapes.

Working in tandem on the girls we had started with neck to hip leather corsets
that allowed their nipples to protrude and then forced their gloved arms, with
the fingers taped and in leather mitts, up between their shoulder blades in a
muscle stretching reverse prayer. Straps across the elbows locked them in place
and we paid particular attention making sure the rings at the points of their
elbows were strongly attached.

Oversize butt plugs and dildos were followed in quick succession by latex
panties, skintight kid leather pants and very tight crotch straps attached to a
wide, reinforced bondage belt as did the rings at their elbows.  The single leg,
heel less boots arched their feet in an incredible ballet en pointe
configuration and the boots had heavy boning at the knee to stop their legs from
bending.

After inserting earplugs we tucked their hair under tight rubber swim caps;
fitted hollow inserts in their nostrils and covered their eyes with soft leather
pads.  Ignoring the usual whines and pleas we worked in the new moulded gags and
tightened the setscrews through their teeth.  Gleaming black kid leather
discipline helmets, with small holes at the nostrils and larger ones over the
center of the gags, laced down the back of their heads and to the collar of the
corsets.

A head harness of leather straps held a heavy metal ring in place on top of
their heads.

Now we were ready to assemble out "heart".

Arranging them back-to-back on their sides we wired the toe rings of their boots
together and added a tightly laced, ankle length leather sheath.  This created
the point of the heart.  A metal pole fitted in to the sockets on the bondage
belts at the small of their backs and we adjusted its length to push them apart.

Doing Susan first we ran a piece of strong cord through the ring at the crown of
her head down to the center of the bar and pulled on it until from her locked
knees to her shoulders her spine was curved backwards and formed one "shoulder"
of the heart.  Continuing the pressure, her head came down towards the bar and
when we finally tied off the cord her leather covered face was "looking" towards
her sister's back.

When we finished stretching Amy in the same way the girl's mouths were within
six inches of each other and we screwed in a rod to join the sockets of the gag
moulds.

Running another pole, with clamps at each end, between the two horizontal ones
effectively locked their bodies in position and we released the cords to the
crown of their heads.

Dropping a chain from the ceiling pulley we connected it to the center of the
rod between their gags and lifted them off the floor.  The vertical rod meant
that their weight was being transferred to the bar between the bondage belts and
not the one at their mouths.

We had created a gleaming leather heart shape.  Their nipples, bulging through
the leather at the "shoulders" of the heart, were the only part of them not
covered and we tied neat bright red leather bows around each one to finish the
effect.

As our lovely victims, completely helpless and unrecognizable, slowly swung
around we took several photographs and a long video record of the creation. 
Valentine's Day was in a week or so and the photographs would be used to send
greetings to our bondage friends on the cyber network.

They would probably think that the models were Karen and I and wonder just how
the hell we had done it - only Susan and Amy knew the answer to that one!




THE LEATHER TWINS

Chapter 21 - It Never Rains But It Pours!
By
Anne Gray


I was playing gentle tongue tag with Susan and gradually building towards yet
another explosive release.  As we lay facing each other on my bed I chased her
studded tongue around behind the ring gag that kept her mouth wide open for me
and fondled her erect ring pierced nipples with one hand.  My other arm was
under her neck holding her head close to me and the belt around our waists made
sure that the lower part of our bodies were snugly melded together.

I hoped Karen was having just as good a time in her own room with Amy.

The double vibrating dildo was buried inside us beautifully doing its job yet
again.  Of course I was a lot more comfortable than Susan.  The crotch strap
between our legs, in her case, also held in a very large, knobbed butt plug and
her arms were locked behind her in a tight leather arm binder.  The thigh high,
heelless ballet boots were laced smoothly up her legs that, in turn, were held
just slightly apart by the ankle spreader bar.

Compared to some of the bondage we had inflicted on her and her sister over the
last few months this was pretty mild.   Add in the fact that I had been able to
bring her to orgasm twice in the last little while and it was a bonus for her. 
Pulling her head away from mine for a moment I could see in the soft light of my
bedroom that her eyes were closed as she tried to fight uselessly against the
inevitable.

Then it happened.  It had been raining on and off most of the day but now there
was a steady beating against the window and all of a sudden a flash of
lightening followed almost immediately by a crash of thunder overhead.

Susan's head jerked against the hold I had on a handful of her lovely black
tresses; her eyes flew open filled with fear and her entire body started to
tremble.

All thought of my approaching climax left me as I reached down, pulled a blanket
up over us and, uncharacteristically, cuddled her to me as the storm raged.

The next morning I told Karen that at least one of our houseguests was petrified
of thunder and lightening.  She smiled and said they both are because virtually
the same thing had happened in her bed.  The difference was that when she
realized what was happening she just stuffed a couple of plugs in Amy's ears,
laced her into a full leather discipline helmet and picked up where she had left
off.

I should have thought of that!

Over breakfast Karen had that far away look in her eyes that told me she was
hatching a new idea to entertain our two bondage sisters.  When she finally
surfaced, reached for a pad and started making a list and then suggested we go
for a drive I knew I was right.

Still in their arm binders and boots we filled their lower openings with large
vibrating plugs; strapped them face to face and installed a double gag that had
their noses touching.  We would be gone for a few hours but the batteries were
new and they would not get much rest.

Through a cyber friend we had been advised some time ago that a new, very
discreet, fetish store had opened in a city about an hours drive away from our
home and that's where we headed.

It was a treasure chest of a store, more like a warehouse of glorious leather,
PVC, latex and everything else the heart desired.  The small staff of experts
immediately understood what we had in mind and was happy to take our money.  We
let them think that the purchases were for us and they didn't even show the
slightest smirk as they measured Karen and I.  Since Susan and Amy were the same
as size us we knew everything would fit them perfectly.

On the way back home we visited several hardware stores until we had found
everything on Karen's list and then spent a few hours each day for the next week
putting it together in the garden.

We tried Karen's set up twice but the weatherman didn't co-operate, now we were
going for number three and it looked promising.

We moved the two-foot square platforms to the middle of the playroom.  They were
only 4" off the floor with swiveling caster wheels at each corner.  Adjustable
poles were bolted to the center of each one and they were very stable; they had
to be considering what would be on them!

Each of our cast members had been securely laced and strapped into an upper
torso corset that locked their arms up in the familiar reverse prayer position
and accented their waists with boned leather.  Ball gags kept them quiet while
we worked on them.  Their legs were encased in black rubber boots that laced up
to the thigh.  The boots held their feet in the en pointe position but did have
short heels as well; these were more of a hook that would come in play later in
the set up.

We screwed the curved crotch rests on the top of each post and put a stretcher
bar on Amy to keep her legs apart.  With a harness from the ceiling pulley we
pulled her up and then with Karen at the back and me at the front we shoved a
butt plug and dildo all the way up inside her.  These were rather special in
that although they were made from hard rubber they were also studded all over
with small metal knobs.  Thin wires dropped down from them and were taped to the
outside of one ankle.  Once the flanges were firmly against her flesh I slipped
the curved hard rubber piece on to the short bolts that protruded from each one
and we swung her over the post before lowering her on the crotch rest.

The bolts came through the holes in the rest and were secured with wing nuts. 
Removing the stretcher bar we forced her legs against the post and adjusted it
until the short heels on the boots hooked over the cross bar set in it and
strapped her ankles together.

Further adjustments with the pole made sure that, since the toes of the boots
did not touch the platform, Amy was taking only a small portion of her weight on
the foot bar; all the rest was concentrated at her crotch.  Once that was done
we strapped her legs above and below the knees and started to lace on a long,
boned leather sheath that ran from her waist to below her knees.

She was immovably welded to the post up to her crotch and then the boned leather
torso corset took over and kept the rest of her stiffly upright.

We did the same to Susan.

With the two sisters completely helpless we could each work on one and that made
things go a bit faster, not that we were in any hurry when we were enjoying
ourselves!

Each girl had her personal gag installed and strapped in place and a rubber cap
pulled over her hair.   We didn't bother with earplugs because when we were
finished, while muffled, they should be able to hear what was going on.  The
goggles I fitted over Susan's eyes had extra wide rubber flanges around them so
that they reached halfway up her forehead and fitted almost to the tip of her
nose.  They were red; Amy's were black.

We screwed short rubber tubes in the threaded nostril inserts that were now a
permanent fixture on our guests and started on the helmets.  The difference from
the leather discipline helmets we usually used was just that these were rubber
and the colour of each matched the goggles.  When they were tightly laced we
noticed that the rubber seemed to form to the face even better in some ways than
leather but the gag straps tended to stretch and had to be pulled in an extra
notch.

Now it was time for the coats.  They were not capes but armless coats of medium
weight rubber, one red and one black, fashioned after the trench style but with
the addition of a hood.  I settled Susan's around her shoulders, tucked the
large left lapel up under the right one and then started buttoning it every 4"
all the way to the bottom just above the platform.

The wide belt further pulled in the already fitted waist of the coat and I moved
around her to take the small strap that hung from the triangular over cape and
attach it to the middle of the belt.  This extra layer fell seamlessly from
across the width of her shoulders to a point at the small of her back.  Once I
had it attached it disguised even further the bulge of her harshly doubled up
arms.  Around the front the two oversized storm flaps also strapped down to the
opposite sides of her waist.

Now the hoods came up and the velcro strip lining the inside edge was matched up
with its partner framing their faces on the helmets and goggles.  Once these
were firmly pressed together the seal was completed and the two girls were, well
you might say, they were waterproof!

 But we were not quite finished.

They were called sou'westers and we had to work to get them properly settled
over all the other stuff on their heads.  Once they were firmly in place we took
the overly long rubber straps that fell from the earflaps and crossed them under
the chin then back around to the front again where they were secured with a
double bow.

The last piece was a face protector.

First we lined up the nose tubes with the two holes in the center of the
protectors and then used the press-studs down each side to attach them tightly
across their faces to the edges of the hoods.  There were further studs at the
bridge of the nose and under their chins that completed the seals.   With the
brims of the sou'westers extending 3" out from their foreheads everything was
protected.

The wires from the plugs attached to a connection on the platforms.

It had been raining steadily for the last couple of hours and now we put on our
own rain gear and pushed one red statue and one black one out in to the garden.

The way our house was designed there was a roof over the patio that extended
about 15' and Karen's plan had called for us to add a half circle of paving
stones in the lawn out from the patio and then back to it. 

It had not been hard, even for us, to attach a metal collar and track around the
base of the center post holding up the patio roof and from it extended two10'
metal pipes.  Karen had even doctored the motor that rotated pipes in a circle.
I pushed Susan out to the end of the pipe in the garden while Karen did the same
for Amy under the patio.

The platforms had sockets that we pushed the end of the pipes into and locked
them in place.  I patted Susan's rubber covered cheek as the steady rain drops
started to make her rubber rainwear glisten all over and looked through the lens
of the goggles to see the fear as she realized what we had set them up for.

In the lounge Karen and I crossed our fingers that the weather forecast would
become a fact and looked through the picture window at Susan and Amy.  We were
only partway through our first glass of wine when we saw the a streak of
lightening followed after a few moments with a crash of thunder.

"Yeah, it works!"  Karen reacted as the two figures outside started to move in a
circle and Amy ended up out in the garden with Susan now under the roof.  The
secret was a sound detector that activated the motor and thunder was more than
enough to make it work.  But as they changed places the movement activated the
plugs buried deeply inside them, teasing, tormenting but not satisfying.

It was a beautiful storm that never seemed to end and our two rubber covered
victims changed positions many, many times.  After a little while we again put
on our own raincoats and with large umbrellas went out to check on the sisters.

The look in their eyes, after we wiped the lenses with a tissue, was priceless
and we knew that if they every tried to act up we would just have to say:

"Hey, it looks like rain!" 




THE LEATHER TWINS
By
Anne Gray

Chapter 22 - "MMPPFFF"

WHAPPP! MMPPFF!  "Damn it Amy at this rate we're going to lose." I moaned. The
db meter that measured sound volume was only 6" from her mouth and had hit 56 as
the leather strop landed across the tight leather covering her ass cheeks.

Karen had not held back as she swung the 2' long piece of thick 3" wide leather
from over her shoulder to cut down on an angle across Amy's buttocks.

This whole thing had started very simply when I had been surfing the net and
came across a picture of several different types of gags that I printed out to
show my sister.  Later that evening we had been discussing the pros and cons of
the various types as we watched Susan and Amy writhing on the floor of the
playroom.

An hour or so before we had fixed them up ready for bed and were letting our
playthings tire themselves out a bit before settling them down for the night. 
They were both encased in skintight leather from the toes of the thigh high
ballet boots to the top of the laced discipline helmets.  The two forms were
rolling around, bending, where their restraints allowed, and moaning through
their packed mouths; sometimes one or the other would actually arch up on her
shoulders and heels as another orgasm hit.

The vibrating dildos and butt plugs were turned to maximum and there would be
little relief for either sister until we decided to turn them off.  In the
meantime Karen and I agreed that the molded full mouth gags we had designed and
made for Susan and Amy probably could not be beaten.

Well one thing led to another and we decided it would be fun to have a gagging
contest.  Naturally the recipients of our ideas would be the two reluctant
houseguests currently struggling helplessly against their bonds on the floor.
But then, after a couple more glasses of wine, as we were stretching the
exhausted sisters on top of the bed with straps from the helmet rings to the
headboard and the boot toes to the foot rail, I had a great idea. 

And so it was that Susan and Amy were not only the recipients but also the
contestants.  We explained it to them this way.  You will have as much time as
you need to come up with an effective gag for your sister and then install it. 
We will judge the most efficient entry and the loser will spend the next
thunderstorm in the garden by themselves.

We tossed a coin and I won and therefore had first choice of which sister I
wanted to bet on.  No contest - without a second thought I pointed to Amy.  We
would give them the run of the playroom, with certain restrictions of course,
and see which one could come up with the most effective gag.  We had hidden
their personal molded gags as off limits.

Another coin toss and Susan got to go first.

We arranged Amy kneeling on the lowered table.  She was laced in a full leather
body suit with a built in corset and her arms strapped in the reverse prayer
position.  At the end of the table we installed a neck stock that had straps
around her upper body to hold her rigidly still.  We braided Amy's beautiful
long black hair and pulled it back to be fastened to the top edge of the stock.

The thin strap from a pair of nostril hooks also attached to the top edge while
a padded hook was settled over her lower front teeth and we pulled on that strap
until her mouth was wide open and buckled it to the bottom edge of the stock.

Naturally she was well plugged front and rear although the crotch strap holding
things in did have a couple of metal contacts for later use.

Susan was also in leather from head to the toes of a pair of ballet boots.  The
foot long ankle hobble allowed her to walk; her kid gloved hands were free but
straps around each arm just above the elbows and across her back restricted
their movement.
I had chosen Amy because over the last few months she had proven to be more of
the stoic than Susan who was the crier and whiner.  But it looked like I had
made a mistake because after Susan's efforts to gag her Amy was still making a
lot of noise.

When Susan indicated she was finished we had blindfolded Amy so she couldn't
brace herself or anticipate what was coming.

THWACK! MMPPFFF!  40 on the meter!  Five times the old barber's strop landed and
five times the reading was over 40.  Susan's effort was definitely not working
to my advantage.  Just to make completely sure Karen now touched a wire to the
contacts in the crotch strap and Amy reacted with a 60 on the damn meter.

Now it was Amy's turn and she had to gag Susan so the average readings would be
under 45; I didn't think she could do it.  I underestimated her!

Their positions reversed Karen and I watched as the still gagged Amy tottered on
her majestic ballet boots around the room opening drawers and looking at all our
equipment.  Susan was already moaning through her braced open mouth and I
wondered what it was going to cost me for a new outfit of my sister's choice
that was our agreement for losing.  If that happened I'd make damn sure Amy
didn't enjoy the next rain storm.

Amy made her way back to put some things on the side table and then headed off
again towards the toilet and shower area.   I was surprised when she turned and
beckoned to me with her right hand then pointed at something.

When I went over I saw her hand was near the bath sponge and she looked at me
with her eyebrows raised in an obvious question.  Karen and I agreed that we
would allow them to use anything in the room so I nodded but, since the sponge
was still wet from their morning shower, I first picked up a pair of rubber
gloves and stretched them over her kid gloved hands.

She picked up the round sponge that was at least 6" or 7" across and 2" thick
and moved over to the sink.  Turning on the water she proceeded to rinse it and
I realized that whatever she was going to do with it she was making sure it was
clean of soap residue.  Wringing it out she moved back to the table and reached
out with one hand to gently stroke her sister's cheek.  I think she was
apologizing for what she was about to do.

She took the sponge and folded it in half and I looked at Karen in disbelief. 
There was no way that thing would go in Susan's mouth - I was wrong.  It took
Amy nearly fifteen minutes of pushing and poking with her fingers but finally
the whole thing was buried with most of it behind Susan's teeth.

She unbuckled the strap holding the hook on Susan's bottom teeth then pulled off
the rubber gloves so she could pick up a piece of thin wire and thread it
through the holes in Susan's upper and lower front teeth.  With a pair of pliers
she twisted the ends together and then kept twisting as she pushed up on her
sister's jaw.

Amazingly Susan's mouth started to close over the immense packing and Amy kept
pushing in on the bits of sponge still outside.  Gradually the shortening wire
pulled the girl's teeth together and Amy cut off most of the excess then folded
the remaining bit in against the join.

Now this amazing performance continued with her pushing in a strip of rubber
between Susan's teeth and her cheeks then taping her lips closed over the whole
lot.  She still wasn't finish though.  Amy took a 2" wide leather gag strap that
was backed with a 1" thick pad and positioned it across her sister's mouth
before buckling it tightly at the back of her head.

Susan was panting through the permanent nostril tubes and tears streamed down
her face but I mopped them up before they reached the leather.

Thinking Amy was finished I patted her on the head and started putting the
blindfold on Susan.  Because of her crying I had chosen one with absorbent
padding over each eye.  As I finished strapping it in place Amy touched my arm
and shook her head.  Good Lord she wasn't finished!

Making her way on those amazing heels back to the chest of drawers she removed
something and moved back to the table.  She undid the strap holding the nostril
hooks and then untied Susan's hair from the top of the stock.  Karen and I
started laughing at this amazing turn of events because next she was arranging
the straps and fitting her sister with a full face rubber gas mask.

Karen moved the db meter in place and I waited a moment then brought the leather
strop down with a full swing of my arm.  Susan's body jerked as it hit and
everyone who could looked at the meter - 18.

THWAK! Mmppff!  Five times the strop rose and fell and the meter never got over
25.  Out of fairness to Karen I picked up the wire and touched the contacts on
Susan's crotch strap.  Wow, that got a 30 but I had won.  I knew just the
leather pant suit I had been eyeing and would now get thanks to Karen's
generosity.

Susan would be dreading the weather forecasts and when I pulled the plug from
Amy's gag tonight her reward would be a nice cold glass of wine followed by a
night in my bed.

The only reason we can think of that Amy worked so hard to win this contest is
that she just doesn't like thunderstorms!




THE LEATHER TWINS

Chapter 23 - "Teaching Teamwork."

By
Anne Gray

Amy was in the middle of a massive orgasm and as a result Susan was suffering;
in fact she was suffocating.  A few minutes before the situation had been
reversed and now Karen and I watched to see if any lessons had been learned.

Each of them was positioned on their left side laced in skintight, crotchless
leather cat suits.  They were securely bound facing each other in the classic
sixty nine position with their heads level with the others crotch.  Their legs
were encased in thigh high ballet boots then bent at the knee and strapped to
their thighs.  Their knees were held wide apart with spreader bars that were
clamped to vertical poles set in the floor.

This position left their lower orifices completely exposed and accessible.  Firm
leather cushions under each waist kept their backs straight and level with the
floor.

Leather sheaths covered their arms that were locked between their shoulder
blades in the muscle straining reverse prayer position.  Once they were lined up
to our satisfaction we had run several straps around the torsos and pulled on
them until the two bodies were almost welded together.

Under the leather straining across their chests, nipple vibrators were held in
place with clamps and thin wires ran from each pair to a contact pad.

The tightly laced leather discipline helmets had openings at the eyes, under the
nostrils and a mouth hole.  Through the mouth holes we had forced jaw stretching
penis gags with grooves top and bottom for their teeth strapping them tightly
behind their heads.

The gags were very special in that from them extended a long, hard, roughly
ribbed rubber dildo.  There was a curved metal flange on the shaft that left a
1" gap between it and the plugged mouth of each sister, plus they were hollow
with a 1/2" hole down the middle of both the rubber shaft and the mouth gagging
plugs.

Between 3" and 4" from the flange the dildos had several vents around the
circumference.



Butt plugs had been rudely shoved in and held in place with a strange crotch
strap that was tight through the crack of their ass but then split on each side
of the vagina up to the front of the waist belts and held another curved metal
piece with an opening over each love hole.

A closer observation would show that the flange on the dildo was a reverse image
of the metal vagina piece.  Karen clipped a strap to the top of Amy's helmet and
then through a D ring in the small of Susan's back.  Pulling on it with one hand
she used the other to guide the dildo through the opening in the metal piece
until the first 2" disappeared in Susan's passage and then locked the strap.  I
did the same with Susan's head so that neither of them could pull the rubber
shafts all the way out.

"Now let me explain this set up ladies."  Karen spoke as she slowly walked
around the two helpless sisters.  "In a moment we will be inserting plugs in
your nostrils making your only source of air through the vents in the dildos. 
This switch sends a tiny electric current to the flanges over your vagina and on
the dildos turning them into very, very strong magnets."

"I will flip this coin, heads for Amy and tails for Susan.  Here goes and it is
tails.  So Susan, a little pressure on the back of your head from me will start
to bury the dildo further inside Amy and as it enters the vents will be
smothered by her pussy and your air supply become non existent.  You had better
take a deep breath because once the plate's touch the magnets engage and you are
locked inside."

After our little gagging contest we had noticed that our two captive girls
attitudes towards each other seemed to change.  Before the sisters had taken any
opportunity we allowed to support each other through the bondage trials we
inflicted on them but lately it was almost as if they were concerned only about
their own problems.  We decided to see if we could teach them to again depend on
each other.

"This is the ultimate test of whether you two can learn the benefits of
co-operation and can place your absolute trust in each other.  Amy, you must
voluntarily push your own dildo in until your plates touch because only that
will release Susan's magnet and allow her to pull her head back enough to get a
breath.  I suggest that 15 to 20 seconds can be a very long time in this
situation so you two had better work together as a team."

We blindfolded the two and pushed plugs inside their nostrils then applied
pressure to the back of Susan's head until the dildo started to disappear inside
Amy.  Once it was almost all the way in the magnet engaged and snapped the two
plates together,

"OK, Amy, it's up to you now" said Karen.  Panting through the vents in her
dildo gag the girl only hesitated for a few seconds before she ducked her head
forwards plunging the rubber shaft deeply into Susan.

The two helpless sister learned very quickly to use smooth head movements that
allowed each to get a regular breath in a beautiful example of teamwork so, to
help their concentration, I turned on the butt plugs and the nipple vibrators. 
There was soon a point when it was Amy's turn to breathe but she kept her head
out as far as the helmet strap allowed gasping and panting through the air holes
in the shaft.

Karen and I each held a stopwatch and were timing the action; I watched Amy and
my sister, Susan. The ever-vigilant Karen's stopwatch was reading 30 seconds but
we had anticipated this happening.  We knew that the rubber shaft pumping in and
out along with the simulation from the buzzing butt plug and nipple toys had
sent Amy into the inescapable throes of an orgasm just as it had done to Susan
minutes before.

The idea was to teach them a lesson, not let them suffocate so she quickly
reached over to pull the plugs from Susan's nose allowing her to get some air
while her dildo lifeline was buried in the convulsing leather covered form of
her sister.

Amy groaned as the spasms of her climax lessened and she realized how long she
had been in the throes of her orgasm; her head immediately ducked forwards in an
action she thought would allow her sister to breathe.  Susan's nose plugs were
replaced and we congratulated ourselves as we watched the two heads bobbing in a
regular rhythm.  It seemed as if our lesson in teamwork was a success.

We allowed them to recover by finally pulling out the nose plugs then pushing on
the back of their heads until both dildos were buried and the magnets locked
together.  We tightened the straps from the top of their helmets taking out any
last possibility of head movement.  The gag flanges being 1" or so away from
their mouths allowed them to breathe through their noses but that was about all
they could do.

The butt plugs were still buzzing away and the nipple clamps doing their job so
I plugged two more small wires into the control pad, flipped the switch that
turned the buried dildos into vibrators and turned it to maximum.

Settling back in comfortable chairs we watched to see how long it took for the
inevitable orgasms to overcome the leather bound sisters.



THE LEATHER TWINS  
By  
Anne Gray  
Chapter 24 &ndash; The Piebald Pair  
Karen and I were down at the pond situated at the very back of our property.
  Behind the house was a large, fenced formal garden then a further half section
  that was fairly heavily wooded with a path through it to the pond that marked
  the back boundary.  
Amy and Susan were not with us; actually they were hanging around in the
  garage, literally. After a breakfast that they had probably not enjoyed since,
  as we fed them, their arms were laced in reverse prayer leather binders and
  their feet in the ballet boots that seldom came off these days, we had put
  them in storage.  
Our two lovely Asian bondage toys had been on their stands beside us at the
  table while we ate. The stands were low, wheeled platforms each with a 3' upright
  post in the middle that had a metal rest partway up and a horizontal bar across
  the top.  
We simply installed a spreader bar with a cuff at each end on the girls just
  above the knees, bent their legs, strapped their ankles to their thighs then
  lifted them on to their own stand; letting the center of the bar fit in the
  rest to take their weight. Short straps from each shoulder to the ends of the
  top bar held them upright. After feeding them we installed their personal mouth
  filling gags, taped over the lips and laced on leather discipline helmets.  
Pulling gag straps as tight as they would go we wheeled them in the garage
  to wait for us. Their lower two orifices had been well plugged since the morning
  shower.  
A few months ago we had arranged for a contractor to bring in a crew, clear
  out the dead wood and thin a number of the unneeded trees. The contract included
  splitting any useable logs but that was all so we were looking at several piles
  of weathered firewood we needed to get up to the house for use next winter.  
As we strolled around the shore of the pond discussing what had to be done
  Karen got that look in her eyes and I stopped talking to let her concentrate
  on whatever it was she was thinking about. I had a feeling that Amy and Susan
  were going to be involved with yet another of Karen's brainwaves!  
I was right!  
Two days later Karen, with me pretending to be her sub', were back at the
  fetish store where we had bought some of the supplies for the thunderstorm
  scenario. I had a little difficulty holding my tongue while being poked, prodded
  and measured but was proud that, for a few minutes, I was able to get my arms
  in the necessary position for some of the measurements. I was also satisfied
  that I would be getting my own back for the humiliation. Karen ordered two
  sets of the items she picked, paid and a couple of weeks later we went back
  to collect them.  
We also made stops at the hardware and garden stores.  
Starting with Amy, naked except for her arms locked in the reverse prayer
  position and a large ball gag, we worked her legs in to the skintight black
  and white leather cat suit. Stretching it over her shoulders we laced it down
  the middle of her the back forming a pouch over her arms then to the waist.
  There was a flap to cover the laces that closed with Velcro so the coloration
  was not interrupted.  
The suit had two strategic openings at the crotch and small, reinforced,
  nipple holes. A custom-made 3" wide metal belt locked around her waist and
  we flipped her down on her back to install the footwear.  
We didn't anticipate any problems with the transition from ballet to pony
  boots, and there wasn't. In fact, over the months the tendons in the back of
  the sisters' ankles had atrophied to the point where neither could come even
  close to getting a foot flat on the floor.  
The heavily boned leather boots were soon laced and locked on to just above
  Amy's ankles forcing her feet in almost a straight line with her shins. They
  ended in a metal 2" thick toe platform to which was riveted a 4" wide horseshoe.
  The arms of the hooves extended back another 4" to provide balance while, since
  there were no heels, a shaped flat metal bar supported the underside of her
  foot from the platform to under each heel.  
Around the join of the pony boot and leather covering her legs we wrapped
  leather bands from which hung 6" long black fetlock horsehair. Standing her
  up again I took off the strap holding the ball gag and we worked a matching
  leather open-face hood over her head and neck. The ball in her mouth stayed
  put because of its size. Karen fed Amy's long black hair out through an opening
  at the top of her head while I laced the hood down the back and covered the
  laces with a flap.  
Standing her with her back to the wall I ran two short chains from Amy's
  nose ring to hooks on each side of her head so she had to keep her weight on
  the pony hooves and watch while we worked on Susan.  
When we had Susan in a matching outfit and against the wall beside her sister,
  Karen screwed a metal pipe in the socket on the right side of her metal belt
  while I held it in position at the left side of Amy's waist. This locked the
  two together side-by-side with just a couple of inches between their shoulders.  
The bit bar was long enough to extend 4" on either side and after working
  the balls out of their mouths we immediately replaced them by forcing in the
  large spade bits on the bar and fastening them in with the straps of a head
  harness. Now the sisters' heads were also locked facing straight ahead but,
  for effect, a set of 3" square stiff black leather blinders attached to the
  harness beside their eyes.  
Pulling them away from the wall Karen fixed Amy's hair in a short leather
  sleeve so that it stood straight up before flowing down the back of her head
  in a plume. I did the same to Susan and then attached a lead rein to each end
  of the bit bar and pulled them to the center of the floor.  
The butt plugs were attached to the short arm of a J shaped metal piece and
  we worked them up inside each girl, locking the top end in the middle of their
  waist belts. Just above where the metal split their ass cheeks was a large,
  plumed black tail. The dildoes slid smoothly through the openings in the cat
  suits and we laced their vaginas closed with the small gold rings down each
  side to hold them in.  
We finished the effect with leather crotch straps covered in bright metal
  studs to match the waist belt and bit bar. So did the small metal bells we
  attached to each nipple ring.  
They managed the pony shoes quite well but were shuffling which was not acceptable.
  We explained what we wanted them to do and, after a few turns around the garage
  and more than a few shots with the riding crops we carried, they improved the
  knee lifts somewhat but not to our satisfaction.  
Karen left for a few minutes to return with her laptop. She had called up
  a site that had high stepping pony girls moving on the front page. Holding
  it up in front of each girl so they could see she told them that was what we
  wanted &ndash; or else.  
While she did this I pulled one of our other purchases up behind the two.
  It was a three-wheeled garden container that had taken over from the old wheelbarrow.
  The fairly large bin was nearly 2' deep but didn't need to be lifted to move
  the load because of the extra wheels.  
I had adapted it by removing the handle and replacing it with a hinged single
  shaft. The end of the shaft fitted to the middle of the metal bar joining the
  girls' waists with a shackle.  
Karen and I were wearing jeans, sweaters and comfortable working boots and
  now we led our team out in the garden, then down towards the woods.  
At the first pile of logs we pulled on gloves and filled the barrow then
  made Amy and Susan pull it back to the house; high stepping all the way, so
  we could unload and stack it.  
They worked hard that day but we only managed to clear about half of the
  wood. Rather than completely undress them then have to do it all again in the
  morning we just unhooked the barrow and had them move sideways through the
  door into the house where we could remove the bit bar and feed them.  
One at a time we let them relieve themselves then replaced the butt plugs
  but unscrewed the tails so they could lie on their backs on an air mattress.
  A couple a straps around each girls legs and a nice large ball gag settled
  them in for the night on the floor of the playroom.  
Soon after lunch the next day we finished clearing all the firewood and stacking
  it under cover ready for use; thanks to the efforts of our team of pony girls.  
Now it was my turn to start thinking as I watched Karen lead them through
  the garden to the house after the final trip.  
I told my sister what I had in mind then, after she stopped laughing, we
  hitched them to the wall of the garage while we went inside to shower and change.  
The best way to describe our dresses was "Southern Belle"; high necked tight
  bodices then ankle length skirts flaring out below the sashes around our waists
  allowed our feet in their high heels to peak out. Wide brimmed hats, elbow
  length gloves and a fan completed the outfits.  
Karen's was made of the finest white leather with the hat, sash, gloves and
  shoes in black patent leather. Mine was rose coloured leather with the accessories
  in white.  
We had "acquired" the dresses from their parents' leather fashion store the
  same night we requisitioned Amy and Susan but never worn them until now. It
  was the perfect setting in the garden with the sun shining and I pulled on
  the reins to get the ponies positioned while Karen set up the tripod and camera.  
Standing on each side of the team we flipped our fans open to look coyly
  over them at the lens as the timer triggered the camera. That would be our
  Christmas card for cyber friends in the several BDSM and leather groups we
  belonged to.  
Karen and I looked at each other, then at our leather encased piebald ponies,
  and both said the same thing &ndash; "We need a buggy!"  











v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
o\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
w\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
.shape {behavior:url(#default#VML);}


 

 
  Gray
  Normal
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-02-03T00:31:00Z
  2006-02-03T00:31:00Z
  1
  1845
  10518
  87
  24
  12339
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}









 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 

 


&nbsp;

Silver Laurel

&nbsp;

THE
LEATHER TWINS

By

Anne Gray

&nbsp;

Chapter 25
� �Childs Play�

&nbsp;

It was a
beautiful, bright, crisp autumn day that my sister and I were enjoying as we
strolled through the small town about 25 miles from home.�� That morning we had paid a visit to our
favourite fetish store, made a few purchases and then stopped on the way home
to do some window shopping.

&nbsp;

As we stood side
by side in front of a large display window I studied our reflections and smiled
as other pedestrians passed behind us and I thought to myself - if they only
knew.� Karen must have seen my grin
because she turned her head and winked at me.

&nbsp;

As we got ready
this morning we had decided to emphasize, as we did occasionally, the fact that
we were identical twins.� Consequently
the two figures reflected in the window were of equal height because the heels
on our boots were the same, comfortable, three and a half inches.� The hairstyles and understated makeup were
the same and our coats, although different colours, matched.

&nbsp;

The coats,
naturally, were soft leather and they were buttoned almost to the silk scarves
around our neck, snugly belted, then falling to just below our knees; they were
just right for the slight chill in the air.�
Karen�s was a light dusty rose and mine pale leaf green.� The reason we were chuckling to ourselves was
that under the coats, what the passer-by�s couldn�t see, were that the stylish
black boots continued up our legs to thigh height.� There they joined the edges of tight black
leather bustier body suits.� The thin kid
gloves, also black, disappeared into the sleeves of the coats and actually
extended well up our arms almost to the shoulder.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

In fact, without
the coats, we were in full Domme mode.�
The only other two people who knew what was hidden by the perfectly
fashionable and publicly acceptable outerwear were Susan and Amy.� They had seen the outfits as we laced their
heads in tight leather discipline helmets and tightened the gag straps.� Then we had buttoned and belted our coats
before strapping blindfolds in place on the helplessly bound girls and
departing for our outing.

&nbsp;

I adjusted the
shoulder strap on my purse as we turned to continue our walk.� Several minutes later I realised the Karen
was no longer at my side and turned to look for her.� A little way back we had passed a junior
school and Karen was standing at the fence staring into the playground.

&nbsp;

I went back to
her and she looked at me, with that far away gaze in her eyes, then turned back
again to look at the kids.

&nbsp;

�Just look at all
the equipment they�ve got; they are having so much fun on it I wonder����� Her voice trailed off as I studied the
playing children.� I didn�t know what was
going through Karen�s mind but, somehow, I just knew it did not bode well for
Amy and Susan�s comfort.

&nbsp;

Boy, was I right!

&nbsp;

After we got home
Karen headed straight for the computer leaving me to look after our two
houseguests.� I checked on the two
leather bound forms and adjusted their headgear by replacing the gags with
smaller ones that had built in feeding tubes they could suck on.� Those allowed me to attach supply hoses from
bags of the combination fluid and nutrient mix I hung over their heads.

&nbsp;

Adjusting the
flow to one that they could easily handle, I tightened the odd strap here and
there to make them even more immoveable.�
After removing the blindfolds so that they could see the level in the
bags, I made sure each of them saw me holding up both hands.� Ten fingers meant ten minutes to empty their
lunch containers; that was a hard learned lesson and both girls started sucking
and swallowing while breathing through the stiff rubber nostril inserts.

&nbsp;

I rejoined Karen
and asked what was going on but all I got in return was a big grin and a �Wait
and see.�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

It was two weeks
before she got the message to go and pick up the contraption.� I stayed to look after Susan and Amy and when
Karen got back I made sure they were very secure before going into the living
room and watching her unpack the box.�
She reminded me of a kid with a new toy on Christmas morning sitting in
the middle of the carpet surrounded by bits and pieces of metal and pipes in
several different lengths.

&nbsp;

She seemed to
know exactly what went where and had me hold things while she locked them in
place with bolts and a wrench.� Gradually
whatever it was took shape until even stupid me could see it was a version of a
kids teeter-totter or seesaw. 

&nbsp;

The two tripods
or stands were three feet high and instead of the long plank there were two
metal pipes, about six feet long, that she bolted together until they looked
like a ladder.� Several �rungs� held them
together and the one in the middle had a large adjustable socket that fitted
over a ball jutting up from the main piece joining the two stands.

&nbsp;

Looking very
pleased with herself Karen asked me to make us a couple of drinks and then
explained what she had in mind.� I nearly
choked on my drink when she got to the part about the six dildos!

&nbsp;

The whole set up
would be marvellously diabolical but then she was my sister; I loved it.� This was going to take some planning so I got
a pad and pencil, a couple more drinks, and we started listing the things we
needed and how to introduce Susan and Amy to Karen�s idea.

&nbsp;

The day before we
planned to do the deed we made sure that both Amy and Susan ate well and were
completely hydrated because the next day, except for a little liquid and mush,
they would get nothing.� Karen asked me
to make a trip to our fetish supplier and pickup a couple of packages that
would be waiting for us.� I had to fold
down the back seat of my car to get the long, wrapped parcel to fit; the other
was just a square box. As promised, I didn�t ask what they were and resisted
having a peek.

&nbsp;

After settling
our charges for an almost comfortable night�s rest Karen and I were enjoying an
after dinner liqueur when, with a huge grin, she asked if I�d like to see the
contents of the box.

&nbsp;

Silly question!

&nbsp;

It contained the
dildos and butt plugs but, after my sister explained how she had asked them to
be adapted, I just had to experience the sensations they would cause.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

As it turned out
we both tried one of the dildos while holding on to the contraption; I went
first while Karen watched and, after just a few minutes, didn�t want to
stop.� Oh my God, it was fabulous and
Karen had to pull me off so she could try.��
After what I had been through I convinced her to let me fasten a belt
around her waist for safety�s sake.

&nbsp;

It�s lucky I did
because she completely lost her grip in the throes of one of her orgasms and,
it was also lucky the room was soundproof, our nearest neighbours were a mile
away but she would have woken them with her screams of ecstasy.

&nbsp;

I didn�t know
whether to feel envious or sorry for Susan and Amy in the morning; we could
stop when we�d had enough, they would not have that option and we had only
tried the one dildo!

&nbsp;

After breakfast,
a substantial one for us but just a small fruit yoghurt and water for the
girls, we had started to prepare them for the set up.� Nearly two hours later they were ready to �be
assembled�!

&nbsp;

The two leather
bound forms lay on their backs beside the contraption.� Well, really, they were resting mostly on
their arms that were forced in the familiar reverse prayer up between their
shoulder blades.� The leather arm binders
gave them no leeway at all especially because several straps also connected
them to the heavily boned corsets that encased them from breasts to buttocks
while leaving the crotches open.

&nbsp;

The ballet boots
were thigh high and very tightly laced.�
Karen and I had lots of practice making sure they were crease free which
took some skill with the lacing.� The
boots had also been adapted for this occasion.

&nbsp;

Severe leather
discipline helmets had gone on the two after we fitted them each with a pair of
clear goggles and their own mouth filling gags; the ones with a threaded hole
in the centre.� The helmets had the
requisite holes under the nostrils allowing them to breathe.� Instead of gag straps we laced on boned
leather neck corsets that stretched from just under the nostrils to the top of
the corsets.� This kept the head rigidly
in line with the body while protecting the throat.

&nbsp;

We moved the two
helpless forms around until their feet were about level with the others crotch
then, with a grin, Karen loaded and lubricated one of the butt plugs.� I held Susan�s legs apart while my sister
worked the plug deeply inside and used straps to the corset to hold it in
place, then I grabbed Amy�s left ankle and positioned the toe of the ballet
boot against the base of the plug.� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

A clamp we had
attached to the toe of the boot snapped into a groove around the plug and
locked them together.� After installing
Amy�s plug Susan�s left foot was placed in the same position and locked.

&nbsp;

Now came the
interesting part, we loaded and then screwed a dildo to the toe of their right
boot; there was enough give in the boots to allow the knees to bend
slightly.�� That allowed us to position
the tips of the toys at the entrances of their vaginas then, with a quick push
down on the knees, the eight inch dildos slid in to their nests.� A strap around all four legs at the knee and
we had spliced Susan and Amy together.

&nbsp;

Karen moved the
long package over and we unwrapped it to reveal a heavily stiffened leather
sleeve with lacing grommets down the full length and roller buckled straps
every eight or ten inches.

&nbsp;

Fifteen minutes
later and we had a solid black leather tube with a head sticking out each
end.� We easily lifted our parcel up and
on to the �ladder� of the contraption Karen had built.�� A few more straps and they became the plank
of our see-saw.

&nbsp;

The last two
dildos were the regular type, nicely curved, slightly nubbed and we screwed
them firmly into the threaded holes in the gags.� Making sure to keep the girls perfectly level
so as not to spoil the surprise we added the last couple of touches.

&nbsp;

Metal handholds
screwed down over their waists and then we snapped tubes in each nostril
insert.� These were hard rubber and
curved down across each leather covered cheek to under their ears where the
tubes belled open slightly.

&nbsp;

Now for the fun
part!� Karen and I stripped out of our
leather cat suits until we were naked except for our boots and carefully
straddled the dildos protruding upwards from our victims� mouths.� We were so hot there was no need for
lubrication as the dildos slid inside and we gripped the hand holds.

&nbsp;

Since we were now
sitting on their faces the nostril tubes allowed them to breathe although the
view they were getting through the goggles would not be very inviting.

&nbsp;

One, two, three �
GO!

&nbsp;

Several things
happened.� I bent my legs and put all my
weight on the dildo coming out of Susan�s gag causing Karen at the other end,
with a little push from her legs, to ride up until her boots left the floor.� She gasped as the dildo in Amy�s mouth
embedded itself even deeper in her most sensitive region.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

As Karen�s end of
the leather �plank� went up Susan�s body went down and the handful of different
sized ball bearings loaded in her hollow butt plugs and dildos rolled down to
land in the knobs.

&nbsp;

Reversing the
motion caused the same thing to happen at Amy�s end and we knew, from our
experiment last night, that the sensation as those heavy little metal balls
landed in the tips of the toys was beyond description.� And they had two each inside them.

&nbsp;

After a while
Karen reached down an unlocked the latch on the ball socket so that now� we could not only bounce up and down but also
move in circles.� And we did until we
were close to loosing our grip on the handholds; God know what Susan and Amy
were feeling or how many times they had come despite the leather
restraints.� If the frequency of my
peaking, and Karen�s screams, was any indication they should be drained.

&nbsp;

Getting off their
faces we started them turning slowly like a propeller but also with their heads
going up and down as they rotated; from the way the air was literally whistling
through the nostril tubes those ball bearings were driving them over the edge.

&nbsp;

After a while we
locked them in the horizontal position so everyone could get some rest.

&nbsp;

But the day was
young and a few hours later we were right back enjoying our �Child�s
Play�.� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anne Gray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





