BDSM Library - Anna's Awakening




Anna's Awakening
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Anna is a mousy nurse who finds the BDSM lifestyle and in the end it saves her life.
This is a product of My imagination, and any resemblence to actual persons is
purely coincidental. 


This is a work in progress, please have patience with me as I am trying to write
this and run a business... The story has many titles, including Anna's
awakening, and The awakening, I should have further instalments to this story
soon. thanks for your patience. Chanelle




Anna's Awakening

Anna had just gotten out of the shower after a wild afternoon playing in the
garden. As a bead of water from her long wet black hair slowly caressed the soft
curve of her breast, she shivered with anticipation... Her Master was coming
over tonight.

Pacing the house after washing the sweat, dirt, and mud off her body; dreaming
of her day spent fitfully weeding her garden, and remembering every time she
fingered her recently awakened and constantly voracious pussy, Anna thought of
the first time she met her Master, not to mention her boss. 

Julian St Claire was a very wealthy man whose family business owns the nursing
home, and most of the shares in the hospital where Anna was employed as the
Director of Nursing.  Having only dealt with the accountants and the hired
managers who ran the home, the first time she met Mr. St Claire Anna did not
know who he was and was ignorant of the relationship between him and her
favorite resident. As a result, she was almost deliberately rude to him when he
requested to speak to Mrs. St Claire alone.  He interrupted her caring for one
of her residents, and had the pure gall to order her out of the room and leave
him alone with her charge!  Anna had never seen this man before, and was not
about to leave Mrs. St Claire alone with a stranger without more information,
until the lady in question greeted her grandson affectionately.

"Hello My dear boy, come here and give Grandma a hug and kiss." Pursing her lips
and leaning toward this... Man.

After stepping forward, and kissing his grandmother on the cheek, Julian looked
at this rude person and raised an eyebrow at the bright red color her face had
attained.  Chuckling to himself, he asked her if he might spend some time with
his grandmother and she stammered something unintelligible and ran out of the
room in quite a hurry. Running down the hall to her office, alternately blushing
and sweating, and having chills run down her back, Anna was terrified she had
upset HIM... the faceless and ageless man who signed her paychecks.  She had
heard of Julian St Claire, and in all reports he was absolutely merciless with
gossip, strict with his values and very morally adept. No one that she had heard
talk about Mr. St Claire had anything negative to say about him... not even a
hint of scandal was left in his wake, and she had just told him that he could
not be with his Grandmother, was actually very abrupt and rude to him... Anna
was mortified, angry, and self deprecating at intervals beating herself up in
her office for most of the day after her near fatal mistake career wise, until
she thought he must have left . Like a mouse she hid her head in her most sacred
retreat, her office, her sanctuary doing busy work creating staff schedules;
revising policy manuals and chewing off her fingernails.




A little after the lunch hour had passed, Anna felt it was safe to go and get
her meal from the kitchen. Slowly walking to the door of her office, getting
rather scared and beginning to feel sick from the churning butterflies in her
stomach, Anna made her cautious way to the kitchen. She had lunch and passed the
day without further incident other than the usual incidents one has in a nursing
home, by the time she was ready to head out for a late dinner and a hot bath
only to repeat her dull and overly structured day tomorrow. Anna found herself
day-dreaming of the gorgeous and mysterious Mr. St Claire. For the moment she
allowed her dull and dreary life to take the back seat. Her day at work done,
Anna walked out to her car, not paying attention to her surroundings, but
dreaming of Mr. St Claire and his wonderfully rich and cultured voice, and his
obviously strong shoulders.  Anna thought to herself, my god girl, did you get a
look at his hands? How would his well shaped, long and slender fingers,
manicured and buffed nails, masculine musicians' hands, would feel on her body?
Heaving a sigh at how lonely her life was now that her Grandmother was gone,
Anna glanced up from her purse, still digging around to find her car keys, her
hand froze in mid dig and that sick feeling in her stomach returned when she saw
the huge black and chrome limousine blocking her car so she could not get out of
her parking space.

"Speak of the Devil and He shall appear." She thought as she gaped at the
vehicle arrogantly blocking her progress.

The chauffeur got out, put his hat on and needlessly preened for Anna's benefit,
with a slow measured walk, he came around and opened one of the back doors
saying as he did so...

"Mr. Julian St Claire sends his apologies for not being able to come and get you
himself, and would like to extend his hospitality to you this evening. I am here
to deliver you to the Manor. Please take a seat." With a flourish of his very
smart hat, and a wave of his hand, he invited her to do so.

With a stunned expression on her face and a kalidoscope of emotions ranging from
fear, anger, excitement, the helpless need to obey, and her natural curiosity,
Anna stepped forward with a shy thank you to the very gracious and polite, even
if he behaved like a rooster in a hen house, chauffeur. Quaking with fear she
sat in the spacious interior, put her seat belt on and held her purse in a white
knuckled grip sure she was going to lose her job. Anna did not notice that she
was not alone in the backseat of the limo, when she felt a cool hand on the back
of her neck and looked into the kind face of the other female occupant, she very
nearly screamed in shock and fear.  This woman was no more than 2 feet away from
her and in her overly emotional state; she had not noticed her when she got in.






Boy was she in for the shock of her life!

She came back to herself with a sigh, and silly grin thinking about how far she
had come since then...

After using all the hot water and still not able to satisfy the constant itch in
her crotch, Anna was finally well scrubbed; smelling of the summer sun, her
lean, smooth thighs gently grazed each other and caused frissons of pleasure to
find their way to her freshly denuded sex. She felt as if she were walking on a
cloud, with her head all muzzy and a giddy feeling in her stomach, Anna was
getting that certain drowsy feeling that has had her hand buried all day. Fresh
from the shower, and she was already wet again. 

She was brimming with nervous energy, with nothing to do, but twiddle her thumbs
and watch as the next 5 hours stretch slowly by until Julian arrived.  Anna
never in a million years thought she would ever find anyone to make her feel
this special; until now at the age of 28. FINALLY after 10 years of living a
lonely; solitary life, she felt wanted and desired.  She cannot believe she was
the same woman who was thinking of buying some cats to keep her company or
offing herself in silent despair. 

Six months ago, this beautiful; vivacious woman was a lonely spinster with her
hair always severely pulled back off her face in a thick chignon at the base of
her neck. Anna almost never wore more make-up beyond lipstick, a pale shade that
only slightly enhanced her lips'natural reddish hue, and never perfume.  Her
only vices were a nicely plucked and shaped brow line and her bad habit of
smoking when she is nervous-which seems to be quite often lately.  Most often
she would be found in her uniform whites, or a shapeless dress in drab solid
colors, absolutely no leggings, pants or shorts were part of her origional
wardrobe, of course her skirts covered every inch of skin.  All in all a proper
description would be the pinched faced severe head nurse, chasing the home
residents with a clipboard and thermometer. Her staff respected her, but they
never asked her to come out with them after work, almost never socialized with
her, because Anna seemed to be unapproachable.  Through no fault of her own, and
as a result of her upbringing, Anna was a social outcaste, she was just too
square for her own good.

Anna's life had centered on that damn nursing home, God, how she hated her
previous life, above all she hated the need to box her innate desires in the
expectancies of 'polite society'. For the first time that Anna could remember in
a life of suffering, she actually felt like she belonged somewhere, and her life
was a worthwhile gift from God.  Mr. Julian St. Clair had opened her eyes to a
different way of living not too long after their first meeting.  At the very
auspicious moment of that meeting, Mr. St Claire had no idea how close he had
come to having to replace his head nurse.  Anna was on the verge of committing
suicide, having given up looking for a life that did not feel like she was
living in a monotone... now she lived in Technicolor.

Having been taken advantage of in previous relationships, and molested by her
father before He and her Mother died in a particularly nasty car crash, Anna had
felt that the only one she could depend on was her, she missed those
disciplinary sessions with Daddy, no one could understand that she needed to be
punished like that, she needed to be controlled by her desire to please. No one
knew what she went through, and she liked it that way. Anna's forced solitary
existence was her own defense against hurt; and a puritanical societies
disapproval. Anna had a deep seated need to please, and be found pleasing. It
was her decision to isolate herself that was killing her verve for life and
letting her spirit stagnate. Julian had given her a new lease on life when he
had validated her needs, and praised her natural ability to submit to another's
needs that first time. Now she felt she could let go and let someone else take
the reins of her life and let Him make the decisions as to where they would go,
what she would wear or even eat for the exchange of looking after someone, and
in turn being looked after.

She had shaved her pussy tonight because Julian suggested He might like it.  The
velvety skin rubbing on her thighs was a curious feeling, she felt so
deliciously nude! Intellectually she understood why people would want to be
clean shaven down there, it felt so smooth, doubly sensitive to touch, and was
unbelievably clean, but she had never been able to think of such things without
glowing a beautiful shade of red. 


Smiling to herself, Anna thought 'If Grandmother could see me now...'

This body sculptured by the Gods, hated by her Grandmother, and until just
recently, the bane of her existence, was the reason she was constantly lectured
on the lechery of men, and warned to be ever vigilant of being seen as a
"scarlet" woman.  God forbid she should ever be lusted after by the opposite
sex! Now here she was sex slave to a very rich libertine, lusted after by all
his cronies, not to mention being used sexually by complete strangers at the
whim of Mr. St Claire. Anna had found a man to whom she could deny nothing of
herself.  From that first moment HE took control of her body and mind, Anna
finally felt free to be who she was deep down inside, no longer needing to hide
inside societies box.

[[[weather spot]]]

Anna sighed in frustration and tossed the remote control down on the table, 90
channels and not a damn thing was on television, she wasn't interested in
sitting all night on the computer, so she locked the doors, opened the windows
in the house to coax a nice cool breeze into the house, grabbed a glass of wine,
her cigarettes, and a book to go outside and read, to try to calm the
butterflies in her stomach; and cool the mounting burn in her groin.

Scantily clad in very minimal clothing using just enough material to cover her
breasts and naked loins, she moved out to the patio to get at least some relief
from the thick humid late evening air. Even with the 8 foot privacy fence
surrounding the house and grounds, she felt too vulnerable if she was completely
nude, so she wore as little as possible as she had been instructed to do.  She
crossed over to the last beam of sunlight shining on the deck, placed her glass
and book on the table.  Taking a cigarette out of the pack, Anna quickly lit it
and drew the smoke deep into her lungs, inhaling deeply, and expelling the smoke
from her lungs in a long satisfied sigh as a cool breeze caused her short flimsy
skirt to fly up and show the world her fantastically rounded and firm bottom,
and to tantalize that burning sensation deep inside her. She let her head fall
back on her shoulders, bowing her back to force her aching breasts against the
bikini material, and ran her hands up and down her firm belly, careful not to
burn herself with the cigarette, causing shivers of pleasure to race up and down
her body. Anna had a desire, a deep burning ache that she could not quench. All
day long it has built, and on each consecutive orgasm the deep down sexual
tension grew sharper and she found it harder to ignore her body's needs. Given
her meager experience in this new lifestyle, she could tell this is going to be
one night she needed a good thrashing to finally get that ultimate release. In
short, Anna felt wonderful.

She was a kept woman, never again needing to work; Julian did indeed replace his
Director of Nursing when he found out her shaky mental state. Now she saw a
psychologist weekly, she got plenty of exercise, and all he asked in return was
her obedience and submission. Having never felt so good in her life Anna could
do nothing less than she did by accepting His kind and gracious offer, going
above and beyond His expectations by falling helplessly in love with him and his
soft cultured speach and gentle mannerisms of a well adjusted Male Dominant.  He
was a gentle disciplinarian preferring to deny sexual release before using
corporal punishment.

She no longer needed to work at the home because she was to be Julian's personal
assistant after her sabbatical, and a satisfactory report from her physical
trainer and psychologist. Anna never thought that she was being groomed as a sex
slave, and she would not until it was too late for her to change her fate. For
lack of will power or want she would be hooked and sold to the highest bidder.

Standing facing the setting sun, soaking in the last rays of the day, Anna felt
an inner peace, an acceptance and flood of warmth between her legs.  God! She
was horny... even more now than when she had met Julian St Claire.  Back then
Anna could very easily go days or weeks without touching herself, but then again
she had never been so happy a day in her life before Julian appeared in her
office with his offer and her signed letter of resignation.

Anna loved and blindly trusted Julian, He had been so kind to her that she never
suspected that he could have, nor would have, paid someone to come into her
house and exchange most of the food for the same products enhanced by a hormone
that dramatically increases and enhances the body's reaction to sexual
stimulation.  After 6 months unwittingly on the drug, Anna was now so hormonally
energized; she could not have refused to respond to his touch, for that matter
anyone's touch, even if she had wanted to. Her progress and self discovery, not
to mention her indoctrination was exactly where Julian wanted it. It was very
soon that she found herself in a quandry... caught between a rock and a hard
place so to say. The hormone and chemical pleasure areas were just too strong
for her to ignore, she had to cum and she had to cum often... hence her
quandary, she was ordered to play as often as she wanted to, but not to
completion, denied that final orgasm, but her body wouldn't let her stop herself
from cumming. Virtually guaranteeing her a punishment when Julian found out she
had played to the point of orgasm, and went on to climax several times though
forbidden to do so. There was absolutely no way she could mask or cover up the
fact that she had so blatantly, and repeatedly disobeyed one of his orders.
Julian was counting on just that sort of disobedience. He wanted her so horny
she would be begging to be used, abused, and hurt for his pleasure, just on the
thought that she MAY be allowed to cum and quiet her aching pussy-Anna soon
found out there was not much hope in that unless she were to be tied down so she
could not touch herself. Even then there was no releaf to be had for her.  Anna
could not shut her brain up and kept seeing different sexual positions she had
enjoyed with Julian.  Double Whammy!

Anna finished her cigarette and planted it in the terra cotta planter by the
door, licked her full berry red lips and hugged herself tight, growling in
frustration, walked over and turned on the patio light so she could read as she
passed the time until Julian was due to arrive.

She returned to her deck lounger, straddled the chair and pulled the back of her
skirt up before sitting down so she could feel the cool material on her nude
bottom. While trying to sit comfortably with her knees spread and her feet
relaxed wide apart so the air could get to her pussy easily, a cool refreshing
breeze lifted the hem of her skirt and flipped it up above her navel. Anna
giggled with the unexpected thrill, breathed a sigh, put her book down after
reading the same two words over and over, slowly reached to arrange her
clothing, and became mesmerized by the sight of her newly shaved pubis. The
breeze had coaxed the lips to swell, and she could feel the lubricating juices
start to flow again.

Feeling deliciously naughty, Anna opened her legs wider, placed her feet on the
floor on each side of her lounge chair, then reached down to see if it was still
as smooth as it looked for the hundredth time that evening. While running her
fingers over the sensitive skin, little sparks of recognition and remembrance
skitter over the flesh to find a home in the very center of her pussy's almost
insatiable hunger. She loved the smooth feeling of her naked pussy lips; it was
such a wonderful contrast from the scratchiness of a hairy one.

Since meeting her new Master, she has had little trouble dealing with being as
highly sexed as she was these days.  Anna for the first time felt completely
alive and ready to take anything life threw at her as long as she could feel
this way forever. Just the mere thought of hearing His voice would send her into
proxims of pleasure. Her breasts would plump with the anticipation of His touch,
and her pussy would engorge and prepare itself for His invasion. Her bottom
would tingle where He would spank it. Anna just couldn't help the urge to play
to completion despite being ordered not to... she didn't have the self control.
Anna was too busy living to realize she was being very subtly trained.

Her constant arousal had her in such a warm daze that she decided to indulge her
urge to play for the umpteenth time. His parting instructions to her was to play
as often as she felt the need, with the punch line of not being able to cum
unless expressly directed to by Him, and to tell Him her most secret dark
fantasy... for the freedom to touch herself she agreed, having no intention of
following the no Cumming rule.

Continuing to run her fingers lightly up and down her now engorged pussy lips,
she played with the early lubrication of her arousal, spreading it around trying
to pinch the lips and feeling the silky skin slipping through her fingers,
tickling her grasping asshole and setting her bottom into pleasure spasms, she
was getting hornier by the moment... Anna ran her fingernails up and down her
inner thighs, and roughly pinched her tingling nipples before lightly caressing
the pouty wet lips and gently grazing her aching clit with a long well manicured
fingernail.  Anna tickled the now freely flowing wet hole relishing the
instantaneous surge of pleasure and her finger slipping easily in and our of her
completely smooth pussy lips.

Anna's dreaming mouth fell open in an aroused pout, her tongue snaked out to
moisten her full lips, a moan of pleasure escapes her when she begins panting
and trying to hold back her orgasm and stop as she was ordered to. The stopping
and starting was driving her crazy, before long Anna could no longer think
clearly with the way her body was screaming at her for climax, so she gave in,
once more, closed her eyes and dropped herself into her favorite fantasy,
oblivious to the Men standing in the kitchen gazing avidly at her wildly tossing
hair, heaving chest, erect nipples, and furiously busy hand stuffed into her
pussy glistening with her juices, while caressing the bulge in their pants as
their eyes devoured her with a hunger that was almost physical.




CHAPTER 2

Harris was entranced. If he could have seen his face in a mirror, he would have
laughed his ass off, he was standing there watching this beautiful vision
looking all buggeyed and slack jawed, with a huge bulge in his pants.

His eyes were playing tricks with his senses, he swore he could almost feel the
heat radiating off her body as she worked at herself, driving that hungry pussy
insane with her imaginings and busy, frenzied fingers. Not caring about being
seen by the other man in the room watching the show, He licked his lips and with
a soft moan, released his member and started stroking the aching tool, lightly
caressing to prolong the sweet agony of being rock hard with no warm wet hole to
satisfy its craving.

The other guy, this very lucky man, Mr. Julian St Claire, Ian Harris said to
himself "Sonofabitch, why can't I find women like this for myself? Why must I
always break them in for those bastards?" Grinning wickedly to himself, Harris
leaned back, and while stroking his cock, watching the bitch put on a show and
her "Master" getting off on him being there to abuse and rape her, chuckled and
mumbled under his breath, "Because you are a bastard, and you love your job
that's why."

While leaning on the far kitchen cabinet, and gently stroking and squeezing his
cock, he watched the beautiful woman play, and remembered his day 'bird
watching'.

Just that morning, Harris got a call from Mr St Claire's agent telling him the
job was a go, and the address of his target.  He decided to do a drive by
reconnoiter. There were few houses this far out in the sticks, with about a mile
or so between houses where the target lived. Falling back on his hard won
instinct and survival skills, Harris decided to check the lay of the land and
see where there were bolt holes should one become necessary. The house was at a
cross roads, not much traffic, but enough so one car doing something unusual was
ignored.

As Harris drove by, a tall, slim, almost nude figure caught his attention. She
was working in the front garden of her house, bending over at the waist.
Accentuating her long shapely curved legs were 3 inch platforms that lifted her
bottom higher than usual and made it more pronounced. Her legs were exposed up
to the curve of her ass cheek, so catching a glimpse of pink inner thigh...

"Man oh Man did I hit the jackpot here... oh this is one hot fucking bitch!"
Harris exclaimed to himself after confirming the address.

This was the joint. 

The target was gently swaying with the sounds of cicadas and crickets, you could
tell the exposed way she was standing was embarrassing her, and turning her on
warming that pussy well for her session that evening with him and Julian.

With her free hand she was caressing her pussy through her brand new cut-offs.
Gently sliding her finger under the small scrap of material covering the sweet
snatch, her knees almost buckled with the erotic thrill of being this naughty
outdoors. Standing up, she stretched with a dancers grace that only a severely
aroused woman can do, and placed her feet shoulder width apart.

"This is a girl that is turned on beyond belief and begging for abuse... I bet
if I went over there and grabbed her ass she would let me, and thank Me for it."
Harris thought to himself, getting uncomfortably hard and unwilling to release
the tension until he absolutely had to.  Trying not to squirm, he focused his
attention fully on his target to learn her body's responses to stimulation.

When Anna took off her top, her fully aroused breasts sprang free, gently
bouncing back and forth. Her nipples responded nicely to being freed, they stood
up about half an inch from the dark pink areola, and sent a shiver of excitement
down to her already wet and begging pussy. Anna forgot where she was, and the
threat of someone driving by while she played, she took her dirty hand and
caressed her full gently curving breasts, leaving mud and dirt streaks all over
her dusky skin. She pinched and rolled her thick rubbery nipples between her
tightly gripped thumb and forefinger sending electric shocks and shivers down
her spine making her legs grow weak. She was feeling like pure sex, and though
her fogged brain recognized the danger of being naked in the front yard, Anna
just didn't care anymore; she was so consumed with the need to orgasm that she
was not capable of rational thought anymore.

A raspy moan escaped and she collapsed to her knees. 

Harris was parked where he could see her clearly, got out his long range
glasses, sat and watched her work, and play all afternoon dreaming of the ways
he could abuse and use that gorgeous body. Toward late afternoon the target fell
asleep after she drove her pussy into an orgasmic frenzy.  Exhausted, she fell
into a deep sated slumber, handing Harris the perfect opportunity to have a poke
about the house to see what goodies it possessed for later tonight.

He was going to seriously enjoy this, and may even decide to keep this one if
she proved to be as horny as she seemed. Taking a quick look around, he found
her house to be well cared for, wall to wall carpeting so footsteps weren't a
problem, and a simple layout with plenty of hiding places for a couple of guys
bent on no good. Leaving quickly, not knowing how long she would sleep, he was
about to come out of the house and saw her getting up and dusting herself off.
Remaining nude, she got up and started coming toward the house, with the way she
was holding her shorts and top, she appeared to be heading for the shower.
Harris backed up and hid in the dining room under the large cloth covered dining
table.

Although sorely tempted to watch this vulnerable and trusting bitch in the
shower, his belly complained rather loudly. With a sigh, he hid until she was
out of sight, and he could hear the shower running.  Walking out of the house
like he belonged there, he returned to his car and drove off in search of a
shower for himself, and more importantly dinner to fuel his imagination with
thoughts of her.

Harris returned to the targets house after getting a spare key made at the local
hardware store, found it empty and used the key he was given to enter and find a
place to hide until time to begin this evening's entertainment.

Deep throaty lustful moans drew Harris out of his reverie. His eyes were drawn
to the writhing figure on the patio deck in front of him.  The patio light was
on and the house was darker than it was outside, so he ventured closer to watch
as she climaxed... so beautiful and unrestrained... Harris felt his mouth go dry
with a lust so powerful he almost spilled right there, at that moment wishing he
was to be the owner of this most exciting creature, speaking of Mr. St Claire,
he was hiding in the attic in the new media room taping the proceedings for her
file that will later accompany her to the auction block.

While she drowsed on the lounge chair, Harris left his cock out and released his
balls to the open air. His package was gently swaying with the natural grace of
his body as he quietly stalked through the house to the garage. 

Harris' mind was going double time taking in and analyzing everything he passed
on the way to the garage for its suitability in the games he was planning. He
eventually chose four five foot lengths of rope, an old bandana that has been
used in the past to clean an oil dipstick, and a rubber squash ball and length
of pantyhose to gag her with, and a special toy snagged from the kitchen at the
last moment. Anna was in for her first 'rape'.

Returning to the patio, she was in a perfect position to tie her down... Almost
reverently, Harris placed a wad of cotton against her nose that was soaked in
chloral hydrate he had received along with his payment for this job... She was
his to play with for most of the evening when he would be replaced by her
current Owner. He was given explicit instructions by his employer, not to
seriously damage this girl, and paid extremely well... this was going to be a
cake walk.

"Lucky Man, or not so lucky man, depending on where you are standing" Harris
thought to himself.

After tying her hands above her head securing her to the chair she was sleeping
on, he tied her knees to the arms of the chair, with her ankles spread wide
apart and tied to the sides of same chair, leaving her pubic area wide open for
inspection, or vulnerable to torture, whatever comes to mind.

After rolling up her skirt into the waistband, Harris stood back and admired his
handy work. The sight before him, the sleeping slut with her obviously freshly
shaved pink and puffy pussy lips unfolding and disclosing their mysteries,
leaking fragrant juices just inches from her face, the little pink bud of anus,
still pulsing with the recent orgasm, was peeking out between those full and
muscular ass cheeks, made him swell uncomfortably. Feeling slightly fuzzy
brained, Harris found his hand wrapped around his cock pumping with abandon,
bringing himself to the brink of orgasm, before he controlled and calmed himself
with long shaky deep breaths. Harris walked back to the kitchen and got the
camera and took some identifying pictures of her for her file and for his own
amusement later.

Ian reached over to the sleeping slut and ran his finger up and down her exposed
crack, and poked his finger in that grasping ass hole. Pulling it out and
pushing it in he couldn't help but to wonder what his cock would feel like
buried in that hot tight "forbidden" hole.


To soddomize and rape this innocent looking over-sexed female was bound to be
the best sexual experience Harris has had in a very long time.  Working in the
sex industry, doing the jobs he did, while it made him gross amounts of money,
sex for its own sake had lost the thrill a long time ago.  Most girls are just
targets, and pieces of fuck flesh... somehow she had caught him completely
unaware and snuck under his skin, making him angry, and anger made him extremely
horny.

The rhythm of her breathing was starting to regulate, he had little time to get
the little bitch completely dressed for her ordeal.  Once again in control of
himself, Harris placed the blindfold over her eyes, tied the knot on the side of
her head so she could not work it off, it just wouldn't do if she saw who he was
until he was ready for her to know. Then he coaxed her mouth open by gently
holding her nose closed, and waiting for her to open her mouth to breathe before
dropping the rubber squash ball into a leg of her pantyhose and placing the ball
in her mouth, securing it with the pantyhose tied to the back of her neck.

Chuckling softly to himself, with the pure wickedness of his next idea, he got a
bucket of ice water prepared.

"Wake up Bitch!" Harris yelled at her, unceremoniously dumping it on her chest
rendering her white bikini top transparent, and granting his first up close view
of the round mounds of flesh all puckered with cold and indignant at their
violation, and making sure to get most of the water on her upraised and already
pulsing pussy... all in all she was looking absolutely perfect.

Shocked out of her drug induced sleep, she fought her bonds, and turned purple
by trying to scream, only succeeding in choking on the water that had splashed
into her mouth. She could not see and she was shaking with the combination of
icy cold water cruelly tossed on her over heated flesh, and the terror of not
being able to see or move away from her attacker. Amazingly enough Anna found
she was actually becoming aroused by her vulnerability. She could feel the icy
cold water cascade down her back, and pool in her open and pulsing pussy.  A few
seconds later she felt an icecube being forced into her ass.

"Good morning sleeping beauty... unplug those ears and listen carefully. Do you
realize how dangerous it is to wander about at night with your windows and doors
open, playing with yourself? Why you are just inviting someone like me to come
in here and take advantage of the playground you are just begging me to play
in... You stay quiet and do just as I ask and I won't hurt you too much..." Anna
heard up to her right hand side, it was a deep and gravely voice, that sent
shivers of apprehension up her back and made her damp hair want to stand on end.

Tears sprung to her eyes as she realized the danger she was in... This was NOT
her Master surprising her like this.

"Oh My God! I'm about to be raped!" she screamed to herself, and froze with fear
when she felt the cold sharp object, unmistakably a knife, touch her breast. Her
stomach clenched with fear so sharply, the remainder of the icecube forced in
her anus was forced out again and went flying across the patio.

Taking one of the knives he had brought from the kitchen while he was waiting
for her to wake up, Harris drew it across the ties of her top, and set her
handsomely proportioned tits bouncing free. He then ran it across her sensitive
nipples light enough so he wouldn't cut her if she stayed still, yet with just
enough of a heavy hand that she knew she was in peril of getting her nipples cut
off.

Anna sucked in a terrified breath, trembling uncontrollably; she knew she must
not move a muscle as long as she felt that blade. Despite her terror, her body
was betraying her; she was getting unbelievably hot, and whined in the back of
her throat with her frustration, hoping this asshole took the sound for fear.
She felt him dragging the tip of the blade down her vulnerable stomach,
strangely not afraid he would kill her, her pussy started purring, and to hide
that fact she was so hot, she pressed her bottom into the seat as if to cover
herself, or withdraw from the knife as far as she could.

WHACK! White hot searing pain enveloped her right breast, her face flushed
bright red with the pressure of her trying to scream through her gag.

"You Naughty girl! Never try to cover up... for that matter do not move unless I
tell you to do so." Another ringing slap catches her other breast when she did
not attempt to answer.

"Correct answer is a nod of your head... telling me yes... understood?" Harris
growled at her.

She nods.

"Now lift your hips and show me that pussy." He punctuated that order with a
savage twist of her nipples.

"Good girl... keep that up and you just might enjoy this as much as I will, but
I sense you have been a very naughty girl, and I seriously doubt you will enjoy
this experience much." He chuckled like he knew something she didn't know.

The flustered girl blushed a rich reddish colour with the humiliation of having
to obey this stranger's commands, she lifted her throbbing pussy up for his
inspection, straining to keep it still; her hips sway gently from left to right
her body telling him just how aroused she was. With a shaking hand, Harris
lightly ran a finger up and down her soaked snatch, she can't help the violent
lunge her hips do as he nears her clit...

"Oh! What a hot little bitch you are... you are actually enjoying this aren't
you cunt?" He asks.

When Anna doesn't answer Harris, her hips suddenly slam down to the lounge chair
following the stinging slap delivered to the upraised pulsing cunt lips.

"I don't want to have to remind you why we are here... answer me when I ask a
question... or do you need a reminder?" Harris punctuated this last comment with
a savage full palm slap to her vulnerable upraised pussy, squashing the lips
flat.

Shaking her head violently back and forth and whining loudly, pain washes across
her crotch and her brain was screaming with the sensation. She can't hold her
bladder and in her terror discgraces herself in front of her captor. With the
evidence of her blind fear running down her straining bottom and streaming out
of her terrified pussy, to the floor through the seat of her chair, he grins and
begins to caress her and calm her down.

Playing with her nipples, and making her writhe to his tune, Harris sat on a
chair next to hers to see just how far she would go to get a glimmer of even
enjoying the beginnings of an orgasm. He took his hands away from her body and
watched her writhe, and thrash with her uncontrolable need, all the while
whimpering for release.

Once again he takes the knife out and caresses her throat with the tip, running
the blade that was now going to fuck her, across her full straining lips,
telling Anna to lie quietly and be absolutely still, or she would get cut. He
flicked the sharp tip against her clit to prove the point, her hips jerked
violently, and she moaned as loud as she could while gagged and opened her legs
to relax the tense muscles.

He was captivated by her calm acceptance, and instead of using the sharp blade
he made her believe he planned on using, he took a butter knife out of the
kitchen, used it, tracing lines and circles all over her body watching the
muscular quivers as she fought to control her movements so she would not get
cut.

Anna felt her clit being flicked back and forth and almost urinated again with
her fear, but was again being defeated by her disloyal body... she was hovering
on the brink of orgasm. He inserted the cold metal blade of the knife, to the
music of her sharp gasp at the invasion.

"God is she fighting for it" Harris thought.

He fucked her with the knife using it like a dildo, and roughly stimulated her
ultra sensitive clit with his callused thumb scraping and hurting her for more
than pleasure, he was really digging at the clit, sparks of pure pain, mixed
with equal ammounts of pleasure were convulsing her body, jabbing the knife into
the delicate folds of her pussy, he squirted warm water making her think she was
cut and bleeding.

Anna forgot herself and started trying to scream hysterically, "Oh My GOD... OH
MY GOD."  Anna ceased to care and decided to enjoy her last moments on this
earth.  She was ready to submit.

He walked away and watched her squirm and try to check if she was alright... she
was just so wet, so hot she was almost feral, and just scared enough not to
care. He released her legs and they hung limply, as the blood rushed back into
her numb legs, she passed out.

He released her bonds on her arms, and gently placed her unresisting hands in
her lap, and took the gag out so she could breathe. Using a fireman's hold he
picked her up and carried her to the dining room table, and tied her face down
spread eagled. He went to the bedroom in search of a belt and a pillow to tuck
under her hips so he had an unimpeded swat zone. Harris secured the woman to the
table made sure the blind fold was still in place before breaking the vial of
smelling salts under her nose.

Groaning as she came awake and found she had been moved and retied in a
different position, abruptly became aware of her tormentors position as she felt
a flash of pain across her bottom, the Sonofabitch was beating her! Screaming
and bucking and trying in vain to get rid of the belt and the offensive painful
beating, she soon tired out and had to just take the beating.  Laying there
quietly while Harris whipped her, to her immense frustration and complete
mortification her body picked that time to anticipate the whip and start to
dance to its tune. Swaying back and forth and up and down begging and wiggling
for that belt.  Harris was just amazed at how far this one had come in so short
a time.  She should have been cowering in fear instead of begging to be abused. 
This is what he had been missing, and grew more and more determined to return to
the scene of the crime later, and alone.

Ian Harris had gotten a reputation for himself by not fucking his targets, his
'victims' as they are so politically correctly put by the company. He was known
to be coldly efficient in his work, and got the job done well, whatever it was
he was contracted to do from killing to kidnapping to escorting the slaves to
auction, He did his job with a great deal of finesse.  Never before had he ever
been tempted to throw caution to the wind and just take a girl that he was
supposed to train and groom for the buyers, but this one, this natural beauty
had captured more than just his interest, she had captured his heart with her
instant submission.

[[[spanking scene]]]

When Harris stepped back and took the sights, he decided to lick the many hot
welts left by the belt and to take pictures to record what he had done. He had
the uncontrollable urge to just relieve his turgid member, by stuffing his cock
in her vulnerable ass. While he was working he had forgotten that his cock was
swinging in the breeze, as he stepped forward and stroked his cock, he almost
exploded with the pleasure shocks coursing up and down his spine, he slapped her
already welted and abused ass, reached down and caressed her drooling cunt.
Harris again stoked that arousal to a fever point by massaging her clit and ass
hole in turns, rimming her with his calloused hands, enlarging her ass with a
circling finger, roughly sticking another finger in until he had three fingers
pistoning in and out, while the other hand caressed her clit occasionally.
Harris leaned over her and growled in her ear that she did not have permission
to cum without being told to do so, and He was her punishment, so she had better
not cum until further notice unless she wanted more of the belt on her tits. His
next move was to impale her on his large rock hard cock slapping her pussy with
his large heavily aroused balls.

He fucked her savagely, used her roughly without caring if he was hurting or
pleasuring her.  Oh yes he was going to be back after tonight to properly enjoy
this ass at his leisure.

She opened her mouth to scream for all she was worth, but to her astonishment
got another cock shoved into her mouth, a familiar hand wrapped its fingers in
her long blue black hair, roughly pulling and twisting her mouth to bury her
nose in his wiry curly hair.

To Anna's dismay she heard "you may cum" whisper/growled into her ear, with a
tingle of fear, and a wave of pure climax, her world exploded... the room faded
abruptly with Anna passing out yet again.

Anna's Master paid Harris the rest of what was owed and wished him well on his
travels, never thinking to see this man again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lady Gayla


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





