BDSM Library - Bitch Mother




Bitch Mother
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Grace is determined to take Martha as her lesbian sex slave. Martha resists until her daughter commits an unforgivable sin that requires severe punishment. Punishment that only Grace could impose on the girl.
Bitch Mother
Part One

by Brenda


Father died when I was five, and the strongest memories I have of him is the
love and affection he always showed me. I was very much Daddy's little girl.
Mother was always the exact opposite - very indifferent towards me, even cold. I
never received love and affection from Mother... Bitch Mother... yet she never
so much as smacked me, nor did she punish me in other ways that a mother might
punish a child.

Perhaps I was a model child? I find that very hard to believe. Just before I
turned fifteen perhaps I rebelled against Bitch Mother's coldness... I let a
black man take my cherry pussy. I let him take me in every way a man can take a
girl. All three orifices. Maybe I confused sex with the love and affection I
never received from Mother. My indiscretion... my grave crime.. led to
pregnancy.

The gravity of my crime was such that it penetrated Mother's coldness and raised
very strong emotions. To say she was furious is putting it lightly. I was taken
to a doctor who aborted the pregnancy... then Mother severely punished me... in
Mother's own way...

I was called before Mother and Grace, Mother's closest friend and only
confidante... me quivering in fear as Mother told Grace how thoroughly I had
disgraced her, and my need for severe punishment.

"This wouldn't have happened if you had let me take you and Brenda as my lesbian
sex slaves, would it, Martha?" Grace sarcastically questioned, making Mother
blush deeply.

I was astounded by what I heard, and even more so with Mother's blushes. There
was never a hint that Grace was 'that way' and also Grace was married! Mother
and Grace were such good friends and how could Grace even think about using
Mother as a lesbian sex slave? My fear was overshadowed by my surprised
curiosity as to what kind of relationship Mother and Grace had. What stunned me
most was I had never heard anyone talk to mother in such tones - and would not
have expected Mother to meekly take it, blushes and all.

"I suppose you wish me to punish Brenda and take her as my sex slave?" Grace
asked.

My asshole tightened as Mother nodded her head mutely.

"How strange it is that you tell me this on the very day Henry has left town for
three days on business," Grace causticly remarked. "It goes without saying that
I will punish the little slut. Any self-respecting white girl would rather die a
slow and horrible death than give herself to a nigger. I am going to take a belt
to Brenda and whip her without mercy. I am also going to take her as my lesbian
sex slave and make her serve me in the absolutely lowest ways. By the time I am
finished with her she will not want any man, regardless of color. She is going
to become my very dirty lesbian sex slave, Martha. And one of these days you
will give in to my desires, and I will also use you in equally dirty ways."

Without further ado, and without a peep from Mother, Grace took my arm firmly
and led me from the house to her car.

**********

I almost wet my panties in fear during the ten minute drive to her house. Mother
was 37 and Grace appeared to be a few years older. She looked so ordinary... was
so typically upper-middle class and boring... not the type who wanted to make
Mother and I her lesbian sex slaves. Not the type who was soon going to whip me
with a belt. I had never been so much as smacked, and the thought of being
whipped that way pushed all of the other things out of my thoughts. I was
terrified!

Grace grabbed my arm again as I got out of the car and led me inside the house.
It was even larger and grander than ours, and like Mother and I, there were only
two people living there; Grace and her husband, Henry. Still firmly clutching my
arm, she led me upstairs, where there were six bedrooms. The bedroom next to the
master bedroom, Grace pointed out, was her husband's, and that he had slept
there since they were married. Grace occupied the master bedroom, of course, and
that was our destination.

"Strip naked, Brenda. I am going to give you a whipping you will never forget,"
Grace ordered in a hard voice as she pushed me further into the room. I began to
cry as she closed the door and locked it.

"Now!" Grace loudly demanded.

I obeyed, my hands trembling so much it was a struggle to disrobe. My fear
increased as she, too, began to undress. Grace was a head taller, was heavier
and stronger than I, yet I had no thought of resisting her intended punishment.
Fully dressed, as I had only seen her, she looked very plain in appearance. Not
pretty or even attractive - just plain. But as she stood imperiously...
gloriously naked... before me... a leather belt in her hand... I knew she was
going to punish me very harshly... make me hurt badly... I trembled, frightened
at the thought... yet I was seduced by her nakedness. Sexually attracted by her
firm breasts with their elongated nipples... my eyes drawn to her very thick
dark brown pubic bush... and entranced by her plump ass.

I was terrified of being whipped by her, yet Pussy was aroused and she
communicated her desires for appeasement to my mind. I was scared half to death,
yet I would not struggle or try to resist her punishment. I don't think it was a
matter of WANTING Grace's punishment... it was more like I was unable to resist
submitting totally to her. Perhaps she read the emotions and conflicts in my
face and eyes, or maybe they were irrelevant and only the pursuit of her own
lustful passions mattered.

"Did you suck cock for that nigger, Brenda," Grace said, touching her hairy
pussy with her fingers. "Did you?"

"Yes," I replied, dropping to my knees before her. My knees felt like jelly but
I think it was Pussy who drove me to my knees. On my knees before the Bitch who
was going to punish me and use me as her lesbian sex slave.

"Did he cum in  your mouth, Brenda?" she asked, her fingers brazenly caressing
her pussy, the leather belt dangling... erotically... in her other hand.

I nodded yes, my eyes watching her fingers as they teased her pussy. My mind
began to assimilate the thought of her impending whipping and being made her sex
slave. I nodded yes again when Grace asked if I swallowed George's cum.

"Did he piss down your throat, Brenda?" Grace asked, her voice husky with
aroused passion.

"No!" I replied shocked by the thought of such.

"I would have done so if I were him," Grace mused. I was expecting her to be
angry like Mother... not sexually aroused. "I shall do that. Before you leave
this room I shall piss down your throat, Brenda. Hold both hands up high over
your head and do not dare lower them!"

The warning was in a sharper tone of voice, yet it expressed sexual arousal
rather than anger. I obeyed, torn between watching her finger still at her
pussy... the pussy that was going to piss down my throat... and watching her
other arm raise... watching the leather belt as it lashed down against my
breasts.

The pain was searing yet I held the desired position for three more lashes
across my naked breasts. The last lash as devastating, causing me to scream in
pain and to go all fours on my hands and knees. I began to whimper and cry out
with each lash across my shoulders and back. It hurt yet Pussy was wet... she
WANTED this... I can't blame it all on Pussy. I was being savagely whipped by a
woman who was going to piss down my throat afterwards... and I realized I WANTED
it, too...

I cried out with a mixture of pain and sexual arousal as I crawled forward just
a little... dipping my head, I committed my first lesbian act... freely
submitted myself as Grace's sex slave... as I began to lick her toes and the top
of her foot as she lashed my back cruelly.

"You like it, don't you, Brenda?" Grace sensually purred as she lashed down with
all her strength. "I shall take your mother in the very same way. Now I shall
make you ass dance for me."

Grace moved away to stand behind me and began to lash my ass. "Ass dance for me,
Brenda," she commanded in a honeyed tone as she viciously lashed my ass. "Yes...
you know exactly what I desire... I shall have you and your mother naked
together... I will play with my pussy and watch as I make you lick each other's
pussies... The thought of lesbian incest excites me to extremes..."

Grace's intentions were shocking. Shocking... but at the same time... highly
arousing... both to my mind and to Pussy. Shamelessly, I began to twist and
writhe my ass in time and rhythm with each fierce lash. I am sure I could have
achieved orgasm if Grace had continued to whip me, but she stopped before I
could cum. Dropping the belt, she walked to her dressing table and bent over,
resting her hands on the bench.

"Come here, slave," Grace murmured as she looked around at me. "Come here and
kiss my ass."

Pussy was drooling and Miss Clit was bloated and throbbing with primeval passion
as I stared at Grace's plump, all woman ass. I whimpered and cried as I crawled
to her. Raising up to kneel behind her, I parted the soft yet firm cheeks wide
and moved my face closer. My eyes were filled with tears... my nose filled with
mucus from crying... yet I could see the dark ass-crack hairs... savored my
first smell of that strong, humid scent that all women's asses possess. I was
Grace's slave... her lesbian sex slave... in every sense of the meaning, and
wished to show it.

Miss Clit was pulsing wildly as I pressed my face between the plump cheeks of
Grace's ass. My lips touched her asshole and I fear I lost all control when I
extended my tongue and touched it against the puckered ring of muscle... as I
tasted that slightly bitter, salty taste for the first time.

"You like that, don't you Brenda? You like the taste of my ass. No need to
reply. Make me cum with you tongue. Make your tongue stiff like a little cock
and ass fuck me with it."

Grace was panting with pleasure and I was wild with submissive lust as I wormed
my stiffen tongue in her tight asshole. I WANTED to be her lesbian sex slave...
wanted to please her in any way she commanded.... wanted to be her lesbian sex
slave. Miss Clit was soaring in this first 'taste' of submissive lesbian sex as
I thought of what Grace had said... about pissing down my throat. I wanted that!

"Eat it Brenda! Eat my ass my little lesbian slave slut!" Grace moaned, her legs
trembling as my tongue in her asshole brought her to orgasm. The fact that I had
made Grace cum with my tongue at her asshole set off my own orgasm. I will never
forget the thought that was in my mind as I had my first lesbian orgasm with my
first Mistress... that I WANTED Grace to piss down my throat... that I would
even let her shit down my throat...

**********

Grace stood straight and turned around. "I have a belly full of hot lesbian
pee," she said, rubbing her lower tummy. "But first you are going to eat my
pussy. Lie on your back, slave."

I obeyed, whimpering as my heavily welted back and ass made contact with the
soft, thick carpet. Grace ordered me to lay both arms on the floor over my head,
then she stood over me, one foot on either side of the pit of my arms. Making a
deliberate show of possession of my person, Grace slowly... so erotically...
knelt over my supine body, her knees pinning my arms to the floor. I was looking
up at the cheeks of her ass but when she settled herself down my nose and mouth
were smeared with the thick milky mucus that coated the gaping lips of her
labium. Her scent was very strong... very cunty... enough to totally enslave had
I not already allowed myself to be enslaved to her person.

Grace adjusted herself against my face so that my mouth and nose were smothered
by her pussy and crotch. Only when I became desperate did she move slightly to
allow me to breathe in what little fresh air I could manage mixed with her
slippery cunt cream. As I lay gasping for breath and drowning on her effluvium,
Grace murmured about her desire to queen Mother this way with both her pussy and
her ass.

"You shall be sneezing my pussy juice from your nose quite often like this,
Brenda," Grace said when she finally sat back and allowed me to sneeze and gulp
fresh air through my mouth. I was both shocked and thrilled by the harsh way she
had totally dominated my person with her pussy in that manner, and, thanks to
Grace, have found queening to be extremely effective in breaking and taming my
own lesbian submissives much later on in my life.

Without being told to do so, I raised my head and craned my neck to passionately
lap her milky, very slippery secretions. The heady cunty scent was much stronger
than the slightly salty but otherwise almost tasteless juices and cum... it is
always that cunty scent that makes eating pussy the thrill it always is.

My tongue began to romance Grace's stiffen little clittie, and as I breathed in
her strong female scent, I knew I would forevermore be a woman's woman. Grace's
pleasure became my pleasure and I experienced for the first time a strong sense
of worthiness and self-importance. Deep inside, I think many women long for a
Bitch to sexually dominate them... to give them that sense of worth and
importance.

Grace did lovely cummies then pissed heavily in my gulping mouth. I did cummies
as I drank her salty waters... as I worshiped and adored her for giving
something so intimate... for sharing her pee to be mixed and recycled with my
own pee.

**********

That I was totally enslaved... head over heels in love... worshiped and adored
her... was obvious to Grace. She sent me downstairs to fetch a snack plate of
cheese and grapes which I fed her as she reclined against a pile of pillows on
her huge bed. She talked of her strong desire to enslave Mother and to force
Mother and I into an incestuous lesbian relationship. Her words incited my
passions and she teased me, calling me 'Mommy's little lesbian slave girl,' as
she touched and fingered my very wet pussy with three fingers. She made a show
of sniffing them, commenting on my sexy scent, then licked her fingers clean.
Grace had me shamelessly kneel over the plate and moisten each bite of cheese
and grapes with my 'girl cream' before offering it to her mouth, thus eating my
pussy by proxy.

She was my Queen... my Goddess... and she allowed me the pleasure of worshiping
her body from toe to breast with my lips... my tongue... my cheek rubbing
against her skin like a pussy cat. Grace sighed with pleasure as I tongued and
sucked her nipples till they were engorged and stiff... and squirmed in orgasm
as I licked her pussy and ate her cummies. She teased me in my repeated but vain
efforts to properly tongue her asshole while licking her pussy, making me
confess my passion... my strong desire to tongue her asshole.

"It's such a filthy thing to do... to lick a woman's asshole... where she shits
from..." she teased. "Yet you want it, perhaps for that very reason. I shall
give you your heart's desire, but only after I have shit. Will you be so eager
to lick me there after I shit, Brenda? To lick and taste me in that most dirty,
filthy way? The way that only a lesbian sex slave would lick another woman's
ass?"

GOD!!! Grace expressed in words my wildest thoughts about my new passion for
lesbian servitude to her person, and I replied by shamelessly rubbing Pussy in
front of her and begging her to let me lick and taste her shit!

"You filthy thing!" Grace exclaimed with mock disgust. Then in a voice that
revealed her excitement for my dirty passion for wanting to taste her in that
most intimate of all ways: "I'm going to train you, Brenda, to fully eat shit
for me and for your mother. Is that what you want? To be enslaved for life with
the filthy desire to eat other women's shit?"

Grace's words caused Miss Clit to swell and pulse and I shamelessly begged for
it... so carried away in deep passion that I begged her for the pleasure and
honor of shitting right in my mouth!

Grace was as sexually aroused as I, and told me to hurry and fetch several large
bath towels from the bathroom. I hastened to obey and she spread them in several
layers on the bed and had me lie with my head on them. She straddled my face
like she did when she queened and mouth-pissed me, but this time she faced my
feet and left my arms free to caress the cheeks of her plump ass. I had begged
Grace to shit right in my mouth and she was going to do just that, and it
captured my imagination... my entire being...

"I have to piss first," Grace murmured as she shifted back, taking my tongue
away from her asshole that I had already began to passionately lick in order to
pee in my mouth. The flow was not as strong or as lengthy as the first time she
used me that way. I realized she was doing what I always do every time I take a
shit... I always pee first before shitting... even if I have very recently
pissed there is ALWAYS at least a little dribble of pee before each and every
shitting. Grace was going to use my mouth as a toilet - and I WANTED IT! It was
the most intimate of all lesbian acts... that which binds a Bitch and her slut
in a way that any other submissions can not come close in comparison.

I kissed, licked and tongued Grace's tight asshole, crying with passion and
desire, swearing eternal love and devotion as her slave and personal toilet
mouth. "This is going to be the sexiest shit in my entire life," Grace said
huskily as I felt her tense and strain... as I felt her tight asshole relax...
as I felt touching the tip of my tongue that bitter tasting oily lubricant often
produced by the bowels just prior to passing shit. I swooned at that nasty
taste, but to me it was not nasty, and never has been since... it is always the
most intimate of all acts in a lesbian relationship, and that is how I try to
train my submissives to view it.

Grace's asshole expanded against my tongue and suddenly my tongue touched
against something warm and solid and very bitter tasting... at the same time my
nose was filled with the almost overpowering... and highly intoxicating scent of
her shit... It was that first time... and remains so to this day... the most
THRILLING and intimate sexual act... to taste a lover or Mistress that way... or
to bestow that thrill to a lover or submissive...

My tongue was forcefully pushed out of the way as Grace's firm, warm turd oozed
its way out. Miss Clit was throbbing in her new found shit heaven and demanded
that I open my mouth wide to fully receive that which excited her to new
extremes. The strand of shit was firm yet easily curled around the outside of my
mouth after filling my oral cavity. Grace scrambled off my prone body and
frantically began to rub her pussy as she stared down lustfully at me. "Eat it,
Brenda. Eat my shit," she repeated several times, her voice ragged with passion
as she panted in heat with high sexual passion.

I eagerly did just that, one hand petting Pussy and soothing Miss Clit as I used
the other to push Graces shit into my mouth. Now comes the difficult task which
is utterly impossible to those whose passions are bounded by the very strong
taboos normally associated with shit. The taste is bitter - very bitter... not
at all repulsive or sickening... is much more intimate than 'eating' pussy for
your lover or Mistress in that you actually ARE eating her in the most intimate
way possible. Scoff and call me a filthy perverted slut if you care, but will
change your tune when you meet Ms Right - then you will cry and beg for it, just
as I did... just as I still do... and just as I break my submissives and lead
them to that ultimate of all lesbian pleasures...

**********

So ends the first part of Bitch Mother. I DO NOT care for long stories or
stories that 'cum' in parts. Yet many readers who like my stories seem that way
inclined - wishing longer stories. I hereby grant you that request, but to get
my own back on you sillycunts, I shall string Bitch Mother out in parts.
*giggles* Serves you right for being soooooo nasty (but extremely SEXY with it).
I am not vindictive to all of my sisters... well, not most of the time.

Wonderful news to share... I have a new young lover who imagined she was a
submissive but has discovered her true passions as a 'switch.' What lovely games
we play! At the same time as Ms Angie came into my life I met a friend who is
becoming very dear to my person. There are too few sluts who write in the genre
of... hmmmm... let me contemplate... someone like Karen. But this new friend has
the potential to be much better than sad cunt Karen. My new friend has gone so
far as to hang out in the women's showers and toilet stalls of a local gym...
naked with the exception of sneakers and brown and yellow scarves around her
slender neck... waiting to see what nasty items she might find in the vacated
toilet stalls. But she stayed away from those toilet stalls and their forbidden
fruit long enough to complete her first story. I shall keep her feet to the fire
till she blossoms and outshines all who write in her genre.

I also receive queries regarding my health. Brenda is doing very well, thank you
to those who have inquired. There are others who would like to see this Primeval
Pantheress expired... well eat shit and die to you! *shit humor???* *giggles*

Part 2 will be 'cumming' shortly.




Bitch Mother

Part Two

by Brenda



Two days later Grace returned me home to Mother.

"Has she been thoroughly punished? Have you truly made Brenda your slave?"

Those were Mother's first words as we entered the comforts of the lounge. They
seated themselves in armchairs and I dutifully knelt on the floor by Grace's
legs.

"That is what you wished, wasn't it, Martha? For me to take Brenda as my
slave... my lesbian sex slave..." Grace smiled. "We will let your daughter
reply. Slave Brenda, what do you desire? Pussy? Or cock?"

"Only lesbian pussy," I suacilly replied. Oh! To be saying such in front of
Mother made Miss Clit peep out and press against the fabric of my tight fitting
panties. 

"What else do you desire, slave?" Grace questioned. "Tell us. We want to hear
it."

"I... I... " I was at a loss about what Grace wanted.

"She is shy," Grace smiled. "What do you like doing for me more than anything
else?"

I felt so dumb... so stupid! She wanted Mother to hear me say it, for Mother to
know what she would soon be doing as Grace's slave. "I... I worship and adore
your... your ass, Goddess..."

OMG! Pussy was becoming wet and weepy, and Miss Clit very agitated.

"I... I long kiss and lick your... your asshole. Goddess, I... I want to drink
every pee you do... and I... I... I want to... to eat your... your shit."

I heard a shocked gasp from Mother, but only had eyes for Grace. My pulse raced
as Grace smiled down at me and I knew I had said the right thing.

"Lie on the floor on your tummy, facing me, slave," Grace instructed. "That's
it, my obedient slut. Remove my sandals and busy yourself worshiping my feet
while your mother and I talk."

Grace had beautiful feet, and I took pleasure in letting my tongue slither
between her toes, making them wet and squishy with saliva.

"Yes, it's true, Martha," Grace purred. I raised my eyes and watched Grace pull
her dress up and move her hand inside her panties. "I get my pussy right over
slave Brenda's mouth... I pee - and she drinks."

"But surely she doesn't eat your... your..." I heard Mother stammer behind me.

"No need to look so shocked, Martha," said Grace. "You wanted me to punish her
in a way that she would never forget, didn't you... wanted me to take her as my
lesbian sex slave?"

"I... I... yes," Mother replied.

"I'm sure you have heard scandalous stories about what goes on among the girls
in private boarding schools. The stories are true, Martha," Grace mused as she
caressed her pussy.

"I was the prettiest girl, and all of the senior girls were wet in their panties
to get my pretty face in the naked crack of their ass... to hear me cry and
whimper as I pay lewd homage with my lips and tongue to their asshole. It was
called the 'scum-buss.' Pamala, the school's athlete, was the first to take me
that way during my very first week at the school. She and three of her friends
caught me in a wooded area outside the school's boundary. That was a major
crime, punishable by a harsh whipping with a leather strap, and I begged them
not to report me. They relented, on condition that I gave them each the
scum-buss."

"I was made to lay on the ground, and watched as the older girls removed their
panties. Pamala stood over me and raised her uniform skirt up around her waist.
I whimpered as I stared straight up at her naked ass."

"'I know how you feel at the thought of giving the scum-buss to another girl for
the first time, Grace,' Pamala said. 'Every girl in this school has given the
scum-buss at least once. When you become a senior girl you will find out how
much your pussy likes it when another girl gets her mouth and tongue right at
your asshole and starts licking. It makes a girl feel dreamy and cum so good.
Being the prettiest girl in school, you might as well resign yourself to the
fact that every senior girl is going to brown your tongue by demanding that you
give them the scum-buss.'"

"I whined in protest as one of the girls knelt beside me and pulled my panties
off. 'Shush!' Pamala ordered. 'Trudy is going to help break you in by making you
want to give us the scum-buss. Open your legs wide and let her lick your pussy.
I'm going to sit with my ass right in your face and smother you with it. We call
that 'queening.'"

"Saying thus, Pamala knelt over my prone body, then settled her firm ass over my
face. I whimpered and writhed as the humid scent of Pamala's ass filled my nose.
'Her pussy is already wet,' I heard Trudy giggle, then I gasped as I felt her
tongue licking me right in my pussy. Pamala settled herself more firmly over my
face and made me desperate for air. When she finally eased up a bite I
frantically drew in breath; in doing so I inhaled Pamala's ass scent much
deeper. She repeated this a dozen or more times, while Trudy continued to tease
my pussy with her tongue."

"What they were making me do was dirty and vile, yet I found myself becoming
giddy and aroused by Pamala's most intimate scent. With that came a perverse
thrill at being so thoroughly shamed by another girl. Trudy's skilled tongue at
my pussy was inflaming these passions, sexually arousing me more than I thought
possible. 'Please let me give your the scum-buss,' I finally gasped, shocking
myself by my desperate desire for it."

"'Are you begging me for it, Grace?' Pamala teased."

"'Please. I want it,' I begged. 'I want to do it for all of the senior girls.'"

"'Do it then you dirty little bitch. Lick my asshole,' Pamala said, moaning her
delight as I eagerly touched my tongue against her tight anus. The taste was a
lewd salty, bitterish mixture, and while I tongued her asshole, Pamala began to
finger her pussy."

"Pamala was very vocal in her sexual pleasure, calling me a dirty little
shit-licker, and demanding that I worm my tongue right inside her tight
shit-hole. I was eager to please her, and felt elated when she panted and moaned
in orgasm with my tongue inside her asshole."

"I was eager to oblige Donna and Marie the same way them. Trudy had stopped
licking my pussy once it was apparent that I was sexually aroused, but I found
my subservience to them in this shameful way was arousing me as much as Trudy's
tongue at my pussy."

"The other girls sniggered as Trudy, the last girl to use me, planted her ass in
my face. The strong smell of shit was overpowering and I cried out in surprised
alarm. 'Yes, I've just done a big nasty shit, and I'm going to brown your tongue
by making you lick my shitty ass clean,' she said, rubbing filthy ass against my
nose. What she wanted was so gross and unthinkable, yet I found myself
intoxicated by that strong smell of girl-shit. I wanted it... wanted to be used
in this lowest of the low manner. Thus I experienced my first real taste of
shit. The girls laughed and ridiculed me as I frantically rubbed my pussy,
calling me 'Miss Brown Tongue.'"

"Word quickly got around to all the other girls, and I was used in a similar
manner by all of the senior girls in the school. I would get a note or verbal
message from a senior girl directing me to meet her at a specific time to assist
her on the toilet and to receive a 'brown-tonguing.' Notice of such meetings
with even the less attractive senior girls would immediately make me become wet
in my panties with aroused expectations. I truly earned the name 'Miss Brown
Tongue.' When I became a senior girl myself, I used all of the pretty girls the
same way, from the youngest, to the oldest seniors. From my own personal
experiences, I knew the strong bittersweet pleasures a girl feels when she is
'made' to do something so nasty..."

"The thought of me taking your daughter as my dirty lesbian sex slave arouses
you, Martha. I can see it in your eyes," said Grace as she returned from her
musings. "Pull your skirt up and put your hand inside your panties,"

"Surely you don't suggest that I... I..." Mother stammered.

"Obey me Martha!" Grace angrily snapped.

"Obedience becomes you," Grace murmured after a long silence. "This is a most
pleasant way for two women to pass the afternoon, touching and stimulating
ourselves like this, don't you agree, Martha?"

"It is something I have never contemplated doing," Mother muttered begrudgingly,
trying to regain the pretense Mother always assumed.

"I am going to make it much more stimulating for you," Grace said. "Slave
Brenda, remove my panties."

I knelt up and eagerly obeyed.

"Is the gusset wet with pussy passion? And does the seat have nice brown
streakies made by my dirty ass?"

"Yes, Miss Grace," I replied. "They are very wet with pussy passion and have
lovely brown streakies."

"Good," Grace smiled. "Crawl over and deliver my intimately dirtied panties to
your mother."

I hastened to obey, excited and curious about Grace's intentions. Mother seemed
confused, and her face was red with embarrassment to be seen by her own daughter
with her skirt pulled up and one hand inside her panties. Unable to look me in
the eyes, Mother accepted Grace's panties with her free hand.

"Now crawl back over here, slave Brenda, and lick my pussy," Grace ordered as
she pulled her loose-fitting skirt up around her hips, completely revealing her
hairy crotch.

That Grace was as aroused as I with her lesbian seduction of Mother was obvious
by the creamy wetness of her pussy and her already bloated clit. I loved Grace
for taking me as her slave and would do anything she commanded, and licking her
pussy in front of Mother was an unimaginable reward. I was unable to see
anything, but heard everything that was said.

"Have you ever wondered how another woman in sexual heat smells, Martha?" Grace
asked in honeyed tones. "Mmmmmmmmmmmm... or have you ever imagined the
intoxicating sexual effect engendered by the scent of another woman's dirty
ass?"

"I... I... wouldn't know..." Mother stammered.

"Ah! Now is your chance. Smell my brown streakies. Go on, Martha, smell them."

"I... I... I..." Mother whined.

"Smell them! Now!" Grace demanded. "Obey me, Martha!"

I heard Mother whimper. A few moments later Grace resumed her soft honeyed tone
of voice. "Now smell my wet pussy passion. Keep your hand inside your panties
and touch your pussy as you sniff."

OMG! Mother was actually smelling Grace's dirty panties! After a long moment my
excitement grew as Grace remarked: "By the way your hand is moving in your
panties it is obvious that the dirty smell of my ass and the aroma of my pussy
passion make you want to cum. Isn't it so, Martha?"

Mother whimpered in response.

"Yes, you are quite infatuated by my dirty panties. I can see it in your eyes.
Acknowledge to me this is so. I wish to hear you say it. A mere 'yes' will
suffice, Martha."

"I... I... yes..." Mother whimpered after a long pause.

"My most intimate scents make you feel sexually submissive to my person, do they
not?" Grace purred.

"I... I can't help myself," Mother groaned.

"There's something else you wish to do with my dirty panties, is there not? I
know you are too ashamed to say it," came Grace's honeyed tones. "You wish to
cum with the most intimate taste of me in your mouth. You want it, don't you,
Martha?"

"Please, Grace. Please don't make me do it... please..." Mother pleaded.

"Ah! But that is what you want... to be made to obey," Grace purred. "You want
the dirty, sexy, taste of me in your mouth. Obey me, Martha. Let your pride
mingle with my most intimate tastes and swallow it all down."

Mother sobbed with self-pity and a short moment later Grace caressed my hair
with both hands. "Mmmmmmmmmm... What a dirty, lesbian slut you are becoming,
Martha," came Grace's sensuous voice.

Mother was actually doing it! She had Grace's dirty panties in her mouth! Miss
Clit was having a fit and Pussy was flowing like a river as I redoubled my
efforts with my lips and tongue at Grace's clittie.

"Suck hard, Martha, I wish you to remove my brown streakies," panted Miss Grace
as she worked her pussy against my mouth.

Both women began to moan and pant heavily in extreme sexual heat. Mother cummed
first, shortly followed by Grace, who gripped my head tightly and ground herself
roughly into my mouth.

"That was the most intense orgasm you have ever experienced, wasn't it, Martha?"
said Grace lazily as she basked in the afterglow of pleasure.

"I... I... yes, Grace..." Mother agreed, still breathless.

"It is Miss Grace from now on, do you understand, slave Martha?" Grace purred.

"Yes... Yes, Miss Grace..." Mother capitulated with a whimper.

"I have thoroughly enjoyed the cat and mouse game we have been playing,
Martha... your lesbian seduction and enslavement to my person. I could take you
right now as my lesbian sex slave and you would yield. But I shall make you come
begging to me in the intimacies of my own boudoir."

"I have four pairs of soiled panties in this silk bag. I often smell and suck on
my own panties when I play with my pussy. You are to keep my dirty panties under
your pillow and use them every night in bed as I myself so often use them. When
you cum, it will be with the thought of having the taste of my pussy and dirty
ass in your mouth. Do you understand, slave Martha?"

"I...I... yes. I... I will obey you, Miss Grace," Mother whimpered with shame.

That pushed me over the edge and I whimpered in orgasm.

"Hearing what a dirty lesbian slut her mother is has made slave Brenda cum,"
Grace laughed, much to Mother's humiliation. "I demand that every pussy stain...
and every brown streaky... be sucked clean before you return the panties to me,
do you understand, slave?"

"Yes... I... I understand. I... I will obey you, Miss Grace," came Mother's
shameful response.

Miss Grace gave Mother time to compose herself before she released my head from
the erotic embrace of her thighs. They began to chat as if nothing amiss had
happened, and I was sent to my room.

I stretched out in my room and urgently fingered Pussy and Miss Clit as I tried
to take in everything that had happened in the lounge. I whimpered in my
submissive arousal as I realized I wanted Mother to take me as her dirty lesbian
sex slave. I wanted it as much as I wanted to be Miss Grace's slave. But Mother
was so cold towards me. Then a thought occurred to me. Rising from the bed, I
went to the bathroom, and from the laundry hamper, I fished out three pairs of
Mother's dirty panties.

Back in my own room, my hands trembled as I looked at Mother's panties. I 
moaned with delight as I found they were nicely stained. I whimpered and moaned
as I sniffed then licked the brown streakies in the seat of her panties. My
tongue savored the salty taste of her pee and pussy stains in the crotch, and I
became lost in wild fantasies of Mother using me for the dirtiest of lesbian
pleasures.

After extreme passions abated I realized I could not tell Mother what I desired.
I could cry and beg to her, but knew Mother would refuse to use me the way I
desired to be used. But if she was sucking Miss Grace's dirty panties clean, I
would do the same with hers, and let her know by leaving them on the floor right
in front to her bedroom door. Perhaps that would anger Mother sufficiently to
severely punish me. The thought of her whipping me without mercy roused Miss
Clit again, and I quite exhausted myself with wanton pussy play.

Thus began my own cat and mouse game... with Mother.

**********

To be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





