BDSM Library - Raping Trisha




Raping Trisha
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young Trisha is lured into a basement and abused by Justing and his friends.
DISCLAIMER

This Story is Fiction, that's my story and I'm sticking to it, I didn't do it,
no one saw me do it, she was like that when I got there, you Can't prove I did
it..... It Is Intended for the enjoyment Of Men And Women Who understand the
difference between fiction and reality, if this line is unclear to you, get help
now. Rape is a serious thing. Part two will be along as soon as I write it, This
is an ALEBEARD original, it may be recopied and freely distributed as long as it
and this disclaimer are unaltered, please let me know if you plan to include
this story on any archive. I reserve all rights. If You like this story comments
are Welcome, as are flames and requests for orgies

alebeard@earthlink.net




Raping Trisha


Chapter 1

The Beginning

The first time he saw Trisha Campbell, Justin knew he was going to hurt the
little bitch mercilessly when he got the chance. He had had lots of girlfriends
that let him tie them up and abuse them, but he'd always really wanted to just
take a girl and break her down in a way you just can't do with people who enjoy
pain. Trisha moved into Justin's

neighborhood a little over 6 months ago with her grandmother and grandfather.
There was just something about her that fit all Justin's fantasy's so well. It
wasn't really the way she looked, he had fantasized about a lot of types of
girls, it was more the way she acted, like a statistic waiting to happen.

He waited just inside the open front door of the his house for Trisha to come by
on her way home from high school. He had planned this for quite a while and knew
just when she should be by. He wasn't disappointed: within a few minutes she
came strolling into view. She had medium-length reddish light brown hair that
hung in loose ringlets down just past her shoulders. A pixie-like face and
modestly thin athletic frame, her breasts were small but plainly visible
straining against her tight shirt. She possessed one of the best asses he had
ever seen, slight hips with a stunningly protruding ass that flared straight
back in a perfectly rounded bubble, it was definitely something you noticed.

"Hey Trisha, I got a package for you," Justin called out. "UPS delivered it here
by accident, something for your grandma."

"How big is it?" she asked from the walkway.

"Pretty big, I'll need some help to carry it up from the cellar."

She nodded and shrugged, following him into the house. Justin looked her up and
down. He couldn't believe what he was going to do to this girl. This was
definitely a dream come true. Trisha noticed him looking at her breasts, and
began to blush; she was never very comfortable with the way men looked at her.
Still, there was something slightly exciting at being the object of desire.

He led her to the door leading into the cellar, unlocked it and flipped on the
light. He opened the door and held it open to allow her to go in front of him.
"Why did you bring it down here?" she asked as they walked down the steps.

He waited until they were down the stairs before answering. This was the moment
of truth. After this there was no way he could back out. The nervousness he felt
was eclipse by his overwhelming desire to break and abuse this girl, to have her
begging at his feet as the little slut he knew she would become. For this, his
hesitation was brief.

"I didn't. There is no package."

She looked at Justin in confusion, the excitement of his previous examination of
her had gone. She no longer liked the way he was looking at her. "Then why....."
she started, her words cut short as he kicked her lean legs out from under her,
sending her sprawling onto the concrete floor, stunning her.

At first observation of the musty room, you would never know that he had long
ago set up the cellar as a place to take his girlfriends for their "Punishment
Sessions". A bare water-stained old mattress sat on the south west corner.

The cabinets hid his toys until time for use, and his "work tables" could easily
pass as the tool benches of a typical suburban home. Like those of the
neighboring homes, the window-less basement was sunken into the earth,
constructed with large concrete blocks. Water dripped off the exposed pipes that
ran along the walls and ceiling, providing the room with ample anchors for
securing ropes and other restraining devices. A large furnace sat along the
southern wall, growling occasionally and providing thin beams of flickering
light along the cold floor.

He straddled her long, thin frame, pinning her hands out in front of her head
with one hand and looked down into her eyes. The fear was like a fine, seductive
wine to be drunk in and savored. Any of his previous anxiousness melted away.
The little teen's body seemed made for his abuse.

"Get offfff meeee!!" She shrieked as her breath returned in short gasps. "Shut
up slut!" He delivered three hard slaps to her petulant, sexy little face raised
in defiance. Recoiling, stunned from the blows, she stared, shocked, through
tear-blurred vision.

He reached back and pulled a pair of police-style handcuffs from his back
pocket. Grabbing her slender right wrist, he locked the cuff tight, the click
resounding crisply. He slapped her again and encircled the left wrist as well,
closing it securely. "Get up" he ordered as he unstraddled her and arose,
pulling her roughly to her feet. She began to cry as he pulled her arms up,
slipping a chain between them to jerk the cuffs upward over a thick hook set
into a support beam. The hook had a second piece that snapped down closing the
hook. He locked the piece down, trapping her in place and stepped back to look
at her. She was still crying and obviously very afraid.

Justin felt a giddy rush as he reached forward and grabbed a small, pert tit in
his hand. Her tits were about the size of a large apple but very firm, with a
defiant upthrust, her small dark nipples pushing outward against the fabric of
her blouse. He could tell she wore no bra. She often didn't. He was going to
enjoy making her pay for all the nights he lay fantasizing about those ripe
little breasts.

She began to cry even harder and started to beg in broken sobs for him to stop.
Grabbing a handful of cloth he ripped the thin shirt free exposing her small
perfect tits, O god, he could hardly wait to punish her beautiful breasts.

She let out a long plaintive wail of fear and humiliation. "O God, please don't
do this to me, please!!! No!" she begged.

Justin stepped behind the terrified sixteen year old and reached around grabbing
her small cherry-like right nipple with his left hand while shoving his hand
down her shorts and panties to cup her little twat. Trisha had never known such
utter humiliation, this was only the second boy who dared ever touched her in
that place and the first one had to beg for months until she had let him get
that far. Sexuality was always something that she felt ashamed about; it wasn't
something she had been taught was normal for a girl her age.

She let out a high pitched scream, shoving her hips quickly back to escape his
rough grasping fingers, grinding her sexy ass into Justin's crotch as he
squeezed her protruding nipple hard between his fingers. Justin smiled
sadistically as her small tit exploded in pain. He held her like this for
several moments twisting and pulling roughly at the small bud of her nipple
listening to her shrill pain filled screams. He reluctantly let go of her and
moved his hands to the waistline of her small shorts, hitching his thumbs,
claw-like into the elastic. "Time for these to come off, slut," he announced.

As his meaning began to sink in she began to kick at him with her unfettered
legs. With one quick movement he yanked her shorts and panties down to her
ankles, twisting the fabric tightly about them, trapping her thin legs together,
and using the bunched clothing as a handle to lift her legs off the ground.
Grabbing her slight ankles in one hand, he jerked the garments from her ankles
with the other. It took a bit of a struggle but he finally got them off the
girl. Trisha began to really panic when her brown thatched sex was exposed to
the air, "Oh God please don't let this happen" she thought. She started
struggling and earnestly pulling at the cuffs and hook holding her, he could see
her delicate wrists beginning to chafe. He was just starting to undo his pants
when there was a knock at the cellar door upstairs.

Trisha froze, she didn't know what scared her more: the idea of being raped, or
being found in such a humiliating position. If she knew everything the boy had
planned for her, it would have been an easy decision. Before she could decide he
yelled "Come In!"

Alexis Korster, a tall, blond, cruel slut he knew and she vaguely recognized
from a tough group of older teens that roamed the neighborhood, appeared at the
top of the stairs. Her heavy heeled combat boots clunked down the stairs, Alexis
wearing only a short black skirt and lace bra. "Am I too Late?" the girl
inquired, her voice suspiciously cheery.

"Not at all," he welcomed. "We just started. Alexis, meet Trisha." Alexis smiled
sweetly and approached the girl, walked slowly around her, admiring the young
girl's body. She let out a gasp when she got around to the girls large behind.

"Oh Justin, god this bitch has one hell of an ass!" the older girl squealed with
delight.

Justin swelled proudly. "Didn't I tell you?" he responded.

Trisha blushed with renewed shame as Alexis began to fondle her high, round ass,
kneading and squeezing roughly. She reached under and slipped a red-tipped
finger into the teenager's dry virgin cunt.

"Owww, that hurts, take it out!" the she sobbed only to get two more fingers
jammed up her cunt sheath. Fresh tears of pain ran down her face as the older
girl roughly fucked the girls tight hole with her fingers.

As Alexis entertained herself with the girl's tiny twat, Justin went to a small
chest against the wall and unlocked it, pulling put a small plastic tube. He put
this aside for later. Going back to the chest he pulled out a wicked looking
whip, it came up in a single thick braid for most of its length then split into
two thinner tongues each studded with small bits of knotted leather. In ancient
times these would have been sharpened metal, a scourge, but this version only
sported slightly rough edges. "Is the bitch wet yet?" he asked, mockingly.

"A little, but not much," Alexis complained.

"Well slut, I'm going to punish you until you get that little pussy nice and
wet. We'll start with oh, say.. ten lashes?" he said, almost as if it were
negotiable. He savored the words and enjoying the expression of shock and fear
reflected in the girl's tearful eyes.

Trisha was already in a panic at the thought of being raped, especially in front
of another girl. That in itself was almost too much too bear, but the thought of
being hit with that evil-looking piece of leather was too much for the
frightened girl. All hopes of getting out of this unscathed dropped away.
"Please, nooo, I'll let you fuck me if you want but don't hit me with that
thing!". The girl sobbed.

"Shut up bitch! You've been deserving this for a long time, shaking that little
ass around like the little slut you are. Now you're going to learn what it means
to be used like a good little slut."

"Do you want me to move so you can get to her ass?" Alexis asked.

Justin considered it for a moment, realizing that this girl was totally at his
mercy. He could do with her what he wanted. Who said he had to start with her
ass? "No," he decided. "Then how can we tell if she's wet?, No I'll just have to
lash her tits."

Trisha started to sob and plead, she knew that whip would surely cut her tits to
ribbons. Justin raised his arm and looked into her pleading eyes. "No, please
don't.. I'll do anything--" her words interrupted as the whip lashed downward.
The whip struck out across her left breast, the impact sending it jerking lewdly
across her ribcage. Her pert tits bounced back, adorned with two angry thin
lines just above the small, dark nipple. The bound girl stared at him in
disbelief for a split second, her mouth hanging open. She let out a piercing
scream as the pain hit "Aeeeiiiii, Gawwwwwwwwwd."

The whip lashed down for a second time striking just above the first, caressing
the small globe with its cruel, biting fingers. Trisha let out another burst of
agonized screaming, trying to twist her torso away from the whip. Alexis held
her lower body firmly in place, with three fingers still inside her cunt, her
other hand wrapped around the teenager's waist. The girl's small hole was
becoming stretched and bruised by the insistent and prodding fingers of the
older girl as she struggled. As Trisha turned her upper body to the side, he
took aim and laid the whip across the tops of both her small tits.

Trisha opened and closed her mouth in mute shock. Justin took the opportunity to
bring the whip down across her right breast and stomach. Trisha's World exploded
into pain. She let out a quivering wail and began to shake with uneven ragged
sobbing. he brought the whip up and let it hang in the air, savoring the way her
eyes were drawn to the lash in dreadful anticipation. he laid four quick
criss-crossing stripes across her small jugs, three of the lashes hitting her
extended nipples.

The girl jumped into the air, ripping Alexis's fingers from her cunt and
knocking the blond backwards. As she came down the handcuff's bit hard into her
wrists, the only thing she could feel was the white hot agony that had once been
her tits. Justin stood back in surprise, he had never seen someone in this kind
of pain; his cock was hard enough to start causing him pain. Still he had to
take his time. He waited till her screams and gyrations calmed before resuming.
He had Alexis undo her from the beam and remove the cuffs.

Trisha collapsed onto the concrete only to be hauled up by the older girl. "Two
more bitch, stick your chest out nice and pretty for us and I'll let your
titties rest awhile," Justin offered. The girls tits were a mess of angry welts.

"Nooo, I can't, please I'll do anything."

"One last chance, stick those pretty little tits out and take another two or
I'll have Alexis put your arms back up and I'll whip your tits until my arm get
tired."

Trisha felt her face getting even hotter with shame, but she knew her tits
couldn't take much more, sobbing she stuck her chest out for the whip. Justin
raised the whip above his head, "Ready Bitch, stick those little tits far out...
farther..." He swung the lash at her right tit, aiming the blow to crash
pitilessly down across the mottled stripes. The wailing teen-ager fell to the
floor rolling and clutching her chest. Justin motioned to Alexis who hauled the
girl up again and held her arms behind her back.

"No more! Please! I can't take any more!! Please!!" she wailed out in broken
sobs.

Justin just smiled and brought the whip down across the girls breasts as hard as
he could. Trisha felt her world explode as darkness reached up to swallowed her.

When Trisha awoke she was bound with leather straps laying flat on her stomach
to a rough old wooden picnic table that had been brought down to the basement.
Holes had been drilled along the corners and the sides for the leather to pass
through and a circular hole in the table allowed her tortured tits to hang down.

"Look who's awake" Alexis taunted as she started to caress the girls sexy ass.
She let a long finger trail down to the tight bud of Trisha's asshole and
started to push.

"Noooo more, Stop!" Trisha screamed.

"Well, OK, if you don't like my finger up your ass perhaps we can find something
better to fuck into your tight little hole" Alexis said. She turned to Justin,
"Hey, Justin, looks like the little bitch doesn't think my finger is good enough
for her ass."

"Maybe this will fill it up better" laughed Justin while he unzipped his pants
to pull out the cock that had been made painfully hard by Trisha's torment.
Justin's pushed his dry cock up against the struggling teen's small asshole, he
couldn't believe he was going to get to fuck his cock into that sexy ass. The
head of his cock looked at least four times the size of her asshole and seemed
like a highly improbable fit.

"Oh God, please, I'll do whatever you want, Please don't" she cried. Her ass had
always been something she was a little self conscious of, out of proportion with
the rest of her body, she knew boys and even men liked to stare at it, she had
heard more then one boy say he would like to fuck her in the ass; the idea had
always disgusted and embarrassed her.

Trisha began to scream as Justin started pushing at her ass, "NOOOOOOO!!!!!!, O
god it hurts, Please noooooooooooooo!" It felt like someone was taking a bat and
shoving it up her ass, There's no way that thing would fit up her tiny little
ass without killing her, she thought. After a few minutes of pushing at the
wailing panicky girl, the tip of his cock-head her tiny asshole began to open up
just a tiny bit, to Trisha it felt like she was being stretched apart, Justin
pulled back a little and nodded at Alexis. Trisha was too busy worrying about
her asshole to notice Alexis crawl under the table. Suddenly she felt a mouth
clamp down hard on her battered nipples. "Oh God No" she moaned. Justin thrust
forward burying about A quarter of his massive cock in the tight shitter of the
young girl. Trisha froze for a second, her eyes grew wide, her mouth forming a
perfect "O", she was unable to believe what was happening to her tender body,
then she let out a wailing primal scream and began shaking uncontrollably.

Trisha began to thrash her body to the side as much as the tight restraints
would allow to try and escape the horrible cock tearing her apart, Justin pulled
back a little and thrust forward hard popping The rest of his cock into the
girl's obscenely stretched asshole. Trisha was beyond sanity now, Justin's cock
was at least as thick as her wrist, maybe more and the pain of having her
asshole stretched and torn that far was more then her mind could take. She
started hyperventilating in short panicky pain-filled bursts as Justin began
slowly forcing his cock slowly in and out of her tiny poop-shoot allowing his
balls to slap against her virgin cunt.

Alexis grinned evilly under the table while she kept sucking on the girls
battered and whipped dark nipples, sometimes giving a hard bite to feel Trisha's
chest jerk in shock . The pain of having this huge cock stretching out her ass
was incredible, Trisha's vision was swimming through glazed eyes as Justin
pulled back in a full long stroke. Trisha's wailing went up an octave as it felt
like her ass was being ripped from her body.

The worst thing was the terrible fullness in her ass, stretching her in ways her
young body was never meant to be stretched. Every nerve in her tiny little
shitter was on fire. Her ass spasmed and convulsed as her muscles were pulled
out of shape by the brutal invader.

Suddenly he thrust back in viciously, adjusting his angle to push upward,
stretching her asshole in a new way. Trisha almost blacked out, she was beyond
screaming, only a ragged moan passed her lips as snot ran down her nose. And she
beat her forehead into the table Justin stopped for a few seconds and then
thrust in again, changing angles to make sure the girl received the most pain he
could give her. He kept her on the edge of consciousness, when ever it seemed
she would pass out he would slow down a bit. It seemed to the girl like it went
on for hours, in reality the vicious ass-fuck went on for less then 15 minutes
before Justin could hold out no more.

"I'm gonna cum up your tiny little ass bitch, You little ass fucked whore! get
ready"! He thrust in as far as he could and filled the screaming girls ass with
wave after wave of cum, finally allowed her to pass out.

The abused little sixteen year old woke up still tied to the old picnic table
although she had been untied and turned over while she was passed out. Her ass
now hung out the hole where her tits had been, she couldn't see the old bucket
that had been placed below her. Her once virgin asshole felt like razors had
been used to tear it apart and her small tits were so sore that even the slight
movement of the air hurt.

Alexis was standing between the girls splayed open legs. "Welcome back slut,
enjoy your nap?" she crooned mockingly

"O god he's torn my ass in half," she sobbed. "Please let me go."

"Not a chance little slut! Justin left me here to watch over you while he ran
out to the store for some more party favors but don't worry, I'm gonna clean up
your shitty little asshole right now." Alexis took a small enema bag from the
chest and went over to a small bathroom in the basement. Trisha could hear her
rummaging around in the small room awhile before she returned with the enema bag
still in hand as well as a small bottle. Alexis poured the contents of the
bottle into the bag and hung it from one of the holes bore into the table before
disappearing under the table. Trisha winced as she felt the nozzle thrust into
her torn ass, but compared to the pain she had felt earlier it was quite
bearable.

Alexis went back to the bathroom and filled a rust patched old pitcher with
steaming hot water. "Don't worry, me and Justin plan to take good care of you.
We plan to have you in our little family for a long time." She looked almost
sympathetic, seemed to consider something for a few seconds. In a way she felt
almost sorry for the girl she stroked the teens brow almost lovingly while she
thought about the agony she was about to inflict on her, for a moment she almost
considered sparing her, but quickly dismissed the idea, after all, cleaning her
up was important "Now this first part may hurt a little bit, but we need to make
sure you don't get any infections don't we?" the blond cooed sweetly and
unclamped the hose allowing the bag, filled with a mix of rubbing alcohol and
peppery oil to flow into Trisha's ass.

"ARGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHGAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWDDDDDDDD!!!!!..... Hellllllllllpp
Meeeeeeeeeee!!!!!" Trisha screamed as the over-filled and tearing pain she had
experienced before was replaced with a white hot burning, searing agony, her
being turned inside out as pain became all she knew once again. The raw exposed
tissues in her ass seemed to catch fire as the alcohol hit, it took a few more
moments before the pepper oil took effect, adding a hot itching burning pain
that kept increasing in intensity. Until the whole of her being became focused
on the ball of white fire of pain that had become her ass.

After watching Trisha's sexy body shake and spasm for a few minutes Alexis
pulled the nozzle from Trisha's swollen shitter and allowed her muscles to force
the alcohol and oil violently into the bucket beneath her. Spreading her cheeks
with one hand, she replaced the nozzle. A quick look at the girl told Alexis she
was so lost in pain she hadn't even noticed the nozzle being replaced. Alexis
carefully poured the hot water in to the bag and added a little liquid hand soup
in as well, allowing it to flow into the panicked teenager and wash out the
alcohol and pepper oil, it took 4 more bags full to complete the task, the
spasming girl was beyond being aware.

Trisha was half in and half out of consciousness her abused body spasming and
jerking, Alexis thought it was the sexiest thing she had ever seen .




Chapter 2

The Humiliation of Trisha

She came to slowly, her abused asshole still sending piercing shocks of pain
through her body. Alexis had just finished re-tying her standing up, her arms
bound together starting at the elbows and pulled up the hook in the ceiling ,
her ankles also together with rough hewn hemp rope when Justin returned with not
only a bag full of new toys but with a new friend to help in the poor girl's
ongoing torture as well!

Sharon Marguez was a young Spanish Domme he had met through Alexis,. Whereas
Alexis was cruel, Sharon was just plain sadistic, enough so that even Justin had
some fears about bringing her in , but she had assured him she would stay in
control. Besides that, she brought a valuable resource to the little party he
was giving Trish.

Sharon worked after school at a local camera shop and had her own photo
equipment as well, aside from that Sharon loved to humiliate and degrade people,
although she had never had a chance quite like this.

The sexy teens asshole was fairly swollen by now and would have to be left out
of commission for awhile and her pert little tits had gotten fairly chewed up
earlier, , but her round ass cheeks were still almost untouched and her small
twat barely breached at all.

Trisha twisted her head around when Justin and Sharon entered the basement and
gave a defeated moan, feeling renewed shame at being seen in this degrading
position. She had ran into Sharon several times at school and like many people
she knew, had a natural fear of the evil looking girl.

Justin went to talk to Alexis while Sharon's attention remained focused on the
captive teen securely tied up inn front of her. This was a dream come true,, I
cant believe he really got the little bitch, god look at those tits, they look
like they took a meat grinder to her! Sharon thought.

She circled the terrified teen-ager , grabbing a handful of reddish hair roughly
in her hand and lifting Trisha's head up sharply while cupping the other hand
roughly under one of her small battered breasts and giving a vicious little
twist, drinking in the look of fear in the cute 16 year olds eyes as new pain
lanced through her. While Trisha found Alexis Frightening, the way Sharon looked
at her was completely terrifying and she wondered if she was going to escape
this abuse with her life.

Sharon Moved behind the girl, appraising her jutting ass with her hands and her
eyes while whispering into Trisha's ear. "What a pretty little ass fucked whore
we have here, you like getting you ass fucked you little slut? I hear you loved
it!"

Trisha sprang into fresh tears at the humiliating words. " No I hated it, your
sick, your all sick! Let me go!".

Sharon just smiled and pinched her ass and fondled her painfully swollen little
asshole.

Justin removed a pack of high speed film from the bag he was carrying and loaded
it into Sharon's camera.

Sharon pinched the girls sexy ass one last time and went over to grab her camera
while Justin took a position to the side of the sobbing teen with the whip.

Trisha started to panic as she saw the whip " Please no, not again, I cant take
any more, you've done enough, please let me go, I wont tell anyone!".

He waited for a few moments while Sharon took a few shots of the teen-agers
welted chest and pleading tear stained face " O we aren't done with you by a
long shot, little one, your gonna be with us a long time, won't that be nice?".

Justin raised the whip up, staring at the perfect unmarked ass for a few seconds
and listening to her pleading, then with one fluid motion brought the studded
whip he had used earlier on her tits lashing down across the tops of the girls
beautiful cheeks.

Trisha screamed and twisted as the lash seared across the tops of her ass.
Sharon snapped off several shots with the camera, mostly concentrating on the
beautiful look of agony on the young girls face as Justin brought the lash down
again across her sexy ass, he had used relatively light strokes with her tits
but felt no such need to spare her ass any pain.

"NoooooooooooAhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhEiiiiiiiiStooooooooppp!!!" Trisha screamed
hoarsely as the blows rained down on her tortured flesh

Justin switched his next blow to the creamy underside where her ass met her
thigh, evoking a long thin ragged scream from the girl.

Sharon, who was in heaven watching this bitch getting the lash, was running
through film too fast, she had to concentrate on slowing down and picking her
shots, she n got several great ones of Alexis masturbating while watching the
vicious beating.

Trisha jerked obscenely as another lash kissed her pert ass, her whole body
seemed like it was on fire.

" O god, O god, O god, no more, please, no More
AhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhNooooooooooooooooooEiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii"

Justin stopped after about 20 lashes across the girls tortured ass, the twin
strands of the whip had done a good job of covering her most prominent feature
with distinct angry read welts.

Sharon snapped a few more pictures and then helped Justin and Alexis take down
the sobbing and broken girl and lay her down on the cold concrete floor, they
kept her hands bound together but removed the bindings from her legs.

"God, That was great" Sharon exclaimed breathlessly "did you see the way she
danced when the lash hit her?"

Alexis smiled as she straddled Trisha's face "I know, she has a great voice too,
OK you little slut, were gonna give you a little reward now, your gonna lick my
cunt while Justin fucks you like the whore we all know you wanna be".

Trisha felt like puking, the last thing she wanted to do was lick the stinking
pussy of the evil blonde who had tortured her, but she was too afraid to try and
resist, her whole body was in pain and she was sure any more would kill her, she
didn't even really care about Justin fucking her as long as he didn't put that
thing up her ass again! Losing her virginity couldn't be worse than that, could
it?".

She meekly put her tongue out and ran it Alexis's swollen cunt lips, fighting
back the urge to vomit. The blond grabbed her head and pulled her up into her
crotch.

"Stick your tongue up there....that's right, eat that pussy you little piece of
shit!" she growled.

Trisha turned red from humiliation. Except for being forced to stick her tits
out to be whipped, everything that had happened to her was completely out of her
control, now here she was sucking the cunt of another woman like some kind of
whore!

Justin spread Trisha's legs painfully up and apart kneeling between them while
holding on to her calves.

Trisha let out a small pitiful whimper as she felt Justin's large cock begin to
force its way into her virgin cunt, she was amazed and embarrassed to feel that
she was wet, sometime during her brutal torture her body had began to respond. A
sharp bolt of pain shot through her and mixed with the agony her body was still
in as he pushed through her hymen.

She started to cry again, more in shame this time then pain as her mouth was
filled with cunt and her own little pussy was being violated by Justin's hated
cock. The last thing she had, her virginity was ripped from her.

Sharon circled like a vulture, getting shots of the oversized cock being forced
painfully into the girls small twat, the stripes on her small tits and her face
buried in Alexis's cunt, making sure not to get Justin or Alexis's face in the
shot.

Trisha squealed in pain and fear as Justin's large cock slammed into her cervix
causing her to twitch violently and scrape her wounded butt painfully on the
concrete. Justin continued his punishing rape of the young girl. Changing angles
to stretch and bruise her delicate cunt. He Picked up speed and force as Alexis
began to cum, soaking the crying girls face with her juices, she grabbed ahold
of Trisha's head and mopped her face back and forth on her sopping pussy, making
cure to wipe the girls nose and eyelids good.

Justin waited till Alexis finished cumming, then pulled his large cock out of
the teens ravaged cunt, fisting it his hand he straddled the girls torso

"Open your mouth slut, I'm gonna cum" He bellowed, jacking himself off

He shot his load all over Alexis's dark blond bush letting his jism flow down
into the teens trembling open mouth.

Trisha started to gag and spit some of the cum back up into the blondes cunt,
Alexis slapped her hard across the face. The terrified brunette knew right away
she had made a terrible mistake.

Alexis got up and Pulled a long Cat-O-nine style whip out of a cabinet.

"Your gonna learn to swallow what we give you bitch!" Alexis yelled

The blond grabbed two lengths of rope and roughly tied the squirming girls legs
out spread eagle. Slapping her thighs with an open hand several times, leaving
angry red palm prints.

Trisha looked at the fury in the tall girls eyes in utter panic as Alexis raised
the whip "you better learn your place fast cunt licker" Alexis said as looked
down at the frightened girl.

Alexis was over come with rage, spitting cum into her cunt, what was the little
slut trying to do? Get her pregnant?, she would pay for that. She spit into
Trishas face and brought the whip slashing right into the girls cunt!

Trisha went out of her mind, writhing around obscenely while the thin heavy
strands lashed down on her mound and cunt like fingers of white hot fire.

"You....will.......swallow........anything.......we.......give.....you....to...s
wallow........Bitch!" Alexis screamed madly punctuating each word with a vicious
stroke of the whip between the spread open legs of the poor girl.

Trisha was beyond hearing the blond however, this latest pain-filled assault on
her body was too much for her to bear, she lost all control of her mind
entirely, even when the whipping stopped the pain seemed to go on forever.
Guttural animal sounds escaped from the young girls lips as she continued to
writhe in mind numbing torture unaware of the world around her.

Sharon snapped pictures quickly, going through a whole roll during the whipping,
she couldn't believe how hot this was making her, she quickly got undressed
after putting the camera down and straddled the young girls screaming mouth. " O
yessssss" she rasped......"whip her pussy some more"!

Alexis smiled, adjusting her position so that she could deliver stinging
underhanded blows right into the tortured nether lips of the girl.

Trisha whole world was a haze of pain, still she jerked wildly every time the
whip slashed into her pussy, sending new sharp lances of pain directly to her
brain, drool and cunt juices ran from the sides of the anguished girl to form
small puddles on the ground. Lost in ecstasy, Sharon grabbed ahold of the girls
head, pulling her wailing mouth back and forth across her pussy, pumping her
cunt up and down on the little teens face.

Justin picked up the camera and attached the zoom lens, focused the camera in
and snapped a close up of the defiled girls face buried in Sharon's crotch, he
made sure he waited till there was enough space between them so that there would
be no doubt of the girl identify..

Sharon was hypnotized by the thrashing young body under her. She loved
everything about it, The screaming mouth filled with her rubbery pussy lips,
small pert welted tits, the way she convulsed around the floor when the whip cut
into her pussy, the click of the camera as it captured the whole thing,
everything.

Sharon grabbed hold of the young girls small abused juggs and as she began to
climax.

"Whip her faster" she urged the blond

Alexis brought the whip down faster, not caring about the damage she was doing
to the young girls delicate tissues. Trisha's thrashing increased in time to the
whip.

God, Sharon thought, this is incredible, I'm going to cum all over this bitches
pretty little stuck up face!

Sharon rocked back and forth as she came in great heaving waves.

She stood up on shaky legs and looked down at the abused girl, her face red tear
streaked face covered with pussy juices and cum, breasts lashed and bruised and
her cunt an angry red from the whip, she decided she was in love.

Her three tormentors untied the girl and left her alone for awhile, still lost
in pain, to discuss the next indignity they would next inflict on the girl. It
was pretty clear the girl had been through alot already and they would have to
give her some time to recover soon if she was gonna be any use the next few
days.

Trisha slowly started to return to reality, her body was a mass of pain-filled
nerve endings. Every time she moved it sent new jolts of pain through her body.
Her legs were shaking uncontrollably. She was convinced her tender pussy must be
in ribbons.

Justin stood over the tortured girl watching her become aware. "We are gonna
give you a chance to escape getting too much more pain for today, but you better
do everything we tell you, understand?". he inquired.

Trisha nodded her head quickly, anything to escape more pain.

"Get up on your knees". Alexis commanded, she picked up a riding crop and
advanced towards the girl.

Trisha quickly got to her knees, whimpering at the painful movement. Justin
pushed his cock at the girls lips. "Open your mouth slut, your gonna learn how
to give head like a pro" he said.

Trisha was able to barely stretch her lips over Justin's fat cock, tasting her
own blood and pussy, fresh tears ran down her face at this latest humiliation.
Sharon snapped several pics of the huge cock being forced into the girls mouth.
Trisha began to choke as he began to push into her throat, Justin just smiled
and pushed deeper. "Breath through your nose slut" he ordered. She found tried
and found that a little easier, still although gag reflex was hard to suppress,
she couldn't throw up past the huge cock in her windpipe! Sharon clicked off
shots as Justin slipped his cock in and out of the squirming girls throat,
capturing the panicky looks of terror as her breath was cut off and her stomach
rebelled..

Justin kept raping the teens throat for nearly a half hour, pushing his cock all
the way down until she couldn't breath and began to panic and then pulling it
free again, sometimes he would pump it in quickly, using her throat like a pussy
or making her use her tongue on him, all the time Sharon and Alexis taunted the
girl, they whispered in her ear what a slut she was, how she liked getting her
ass and pussy fucked and called her a cunt licker, all the time prodding her
with the riding crop and taking pictures.

Sharon was almost out of film so she took her shots carefully, saving a few for
the nights finale. She was going to have alot of extra work to do tonight at the
camera shop.

Justin pushed his cock all the way into the girls throat as he poured his cum
down into her stomach, causing the poor girl to choke and sputter around the
thick shaft. Finally he pulled himself free from her throat when it looked like
she was gonna pass out.

Trisha collapsed onto the floor gasping for air and gagging. Alexis waited a few
moments then slashed the crop across Trisha's hip. " Get Up!" she barked. Trisha
quickly tried to get back up but slipped and fell back, earning her a stinging
lash across her ass. Finally the girl made it to her feet.

"Turn around and stick out that ass, bitch" Sharon commanded. Trisha slowly
turned around and thrust her welted ass back towards Sharon, "farther you slutty
little whore!". Trisha winced as she pushed back even further.

Sharon took the crop and slowly worked the handle into the little teens swollen
raw asshole, causing her to gasp and try to pull back, a quick slap on the face
reminded her to hold her position. Sharon worked the whole of the handle into
the girls ass then stepped back and took a picture. She slipped the crop out
quickly and was rewarded by a sharp scream.

They made Trisha lay down with her legs open and spread her battered pussy lips
for them, then they had her stick her tongue as far as she could up Sharon's
asshole and fuck it in and out, they even made her fuck herself with a banana
while Justin jerked off one last time on her face. They took pictures of it all.

They laid the girl on top of the old mattress and handcuffed her wrists
together, looping a length of chain through the links between the cuffs and
securing it around a pipe with a padlock.

Sharon collected her film and went off to work after toying with Trisha's body a
little more.

Justin and Alexis lay on either side of the girl, still horny from the days
events, they tweaked the teens nipples while French kissing above her, sometimes
making her spread her legs so they could deliver light slaps to her abused pussy
or work a finger into her asshole.

They fell asleep hours later with Trisha between them, it took substantially
more time for the girl to fall asleep.

Sharon stayed very late in the shop that night, well past closing she was still
running the three huge developing machines, producing over two thousand full
color pictures by the time the sky began to lighten with the coming dawn and the
exhausted girl shut down the machines and locked up the shop, it would almost be
time to meet Hermit

Hermit was a local vagrant, most people in town didn't even know he existed, he
lived under the old washed out bridge just west of Market Ave.

Justin had paid him over $500 for his part in the plan and bought him a one way
bus ticket to Los Angeles, he had also been shaved and cleaned up alot., anyone
that knew him from around town would never suspect who he was.

Hermit sold copies of the pictures to several groups of local teen-agers, some
high school football players, a group of local stoners, some young gang members,
even the chess club. He met Sharon several hours later to divide the money and
board his bus, he made sure to keep a set for himself. By the next day the
pictures of Trisha's rape and abuse were the talk of the town.




Chapter 3

Breaking Trisha's Spirit

Trisha was left more or less alone for the next 6 days. The Police were
searching for the source of the pictures, which by now had made national news,
all inquiries led back to the mysterious stranger who was now safely in Los
Angeles.

Trisha had been forced to give Justin all the head he wanted as well as eat out
both Sharon and Alexis several times a day, other then a few slaps with the crop
however she hadn't been abused at all since the first day. The bruises on her
tits and ass had all but faded and her asshole was no longer swollen.

The girl awoke, tied to the table, and immediately began to cry, she had been
told repeatedly her reprieve from abuse would end today. A quick look around the
basement confirmed her fears. A new coil of rope was by the door and several
whips and a couple canes were lain out on the benches.

She laid there for nearly an hour, dreading what would happen to her. Justin,
Alexis and Sharon came down the stairs. Trisha begged them with her eyes as the
approached, but found only sadistic glee in return. Sharon carried a large bag
of camera equipment and Justin had brought a tripod which he quickly set up near
the center of the room mounting a small high tech video camera on top of it.

Trisha began to panic when she saw the device Justin brought down the stairs
next. A massive spiked hard plastic dildo was mounted on a sturdy wooden tripod.
Leather restraints attached at the bottom. "O my god, that thing will kill me"
she thought. The dildo was much thicker than Justin's cock, and that had nearly
driven her out of her mind with pain when he fucked it into her precious body.

Justin looked into the eyes of his victim just as she was beginning to cry. He
kept his eyes locked on hers as he moved the dildo down to the mouth of her tiny
pussy, holding it there while the camera caught the contrasting sizes of the
giant plastic cock and the small pink opening. Sharon took the camera off the
tripod and moved on for a closer shot as Justin twisted the pushed the head of
the dildo between the crying girls pink cunt lips.

Trisha felt like she was being torn apart as the hard unyielding head of the
dildo forced its way inside her, she thrashed around on the table as Sharon
recorded every expression on her face and panned back to capture the horrible
rape.

"Nooooo, please, ill do anything, please just fuck me, take it out! Please take
it out!" she screamed as he twisted and pushed the dildo further inside her.
"Ohhhhhhhh Gooooooddd Nooooo!" The dildo filled her up to the breaking point
while the hard spikes scoured her tender insides. Her body jerked and spasmed
uncontrollably as Justin began sawing the dildo into her with a twisting motion,
moving farther and farther insider her with each stroke.

Sharon recorded the glassy-eyed panic on the girls face as well as the
continuing screams and pleas for mercy, moving the camera to the young girls
taunt belly where the dildo could be seen underneath the skin as it bulged up,
you could even make out the spikes as they pushed her insides up.

Trisha felt like she was going to pass out as the brutal rape continued, she was
drooling and sobbing, begging Justin to stop, but he just looked into her eyes
and continued to saw the hard piece of plastic in and out of her young body,
when he finally got it all the way up her cunt, he began to move it in and out
faster. The pain was intense, even more so was the feeling of fullness and the
rough knobs scraping along the tender silken walls of her cunt. She kept
spasming and quivering lewdly as he raped her. After about 15 minutes of
excruciating torture he took the dildo out, but her body kept shaking and
spasming, Sharon make sure to get plenty of film of her raw gaping pussy.

Alexis went and retrieved a small, wicked looking quirt and the extra coil of
rope. They quickly untied her hands which up to now had been tied above her head
, pulling her arms down they yanked and stretched her arms uncomfortably under
the table, forcing her tits up and arching her back, binding her wrists as close
together as they could get them under the table. They then bound her waist to
the table with a length of rope using it like a belt and running it under the
table as well, , while her chest was thrust up, she couldn't mover her hips up
to take off any of the pressure off. They then tied her legs far apart and bent
at the knees to the holes at the side of the table.

The camera panned up the girls legs, stopping briefly at her tortured cunt
before moving up to her upthrust tits and pain-filled face, the camera zoomed in
on the face until it filled the scene, the sound of the quirt falling could be
heard as well as Trisha's screams although watching the video you could not see
where the quirt was falling. The looks on the pixie like face of Trisha were
incredible, the agony each time the quirt struck, which built for a few moments
as the pain sank in, the terror as her eyes followed the quirt off camera as it
came down, the pleading tear-streaked eyes, the screaming mouth....it was to
become the stuff of legend.

Justin lashed the girls tits with hard brutal strokes, giving each a good time
to set in and letting the girl recover a bit so that Sharon could catch her
plea's on camera when she could stop screaming and sobbing, each stroke left a
thin, raised blood-red welt on the small pale breasts of the young girl. Justin
took his time, enjoying the methodical painting of her pert little tits with
agony.

Sharon finally panned the camera down to the screaming girls chest, zooming out
some to keep her face in the shot, the effect was great, from the tops of her
tits to about an inch above her nipples the skin was a large red-purple welt.
The crop came down again on the top most part of the welted area as the now
hoarse scream of the girl rang out again, her eyes looked magnificent! Filled
with wild panic and pain, Sharon thought she had never seen anything quite like
it. The girl had lost all hope of being released from the pain, that was obvious
from the look on her face, she was lost in the pain and violation of both her
brutal rape and the vicious whipping. The crop fell like clockwork every few
moments, slowly painting a solid wall of welting down the bouncing upthrust tits
until he got to right above the nipples, of each breast, striking one, then the
other breast as she screamed and wailed in broken sobs. He then began below the
nipples, taking his time as the white skin of the undersides of her tits was
centimeter by centimeter turned into a solid purple welt with the camera
capturing the expressions on the young teens agonized face.

Sharon was amazed that the girl had not passed out yet, her tits were nearly
entirely purple bruised welts, they had swollen quite a bit larger then they
normally were. The quirt finally reached the tender under-area where her tits
met her ribcage. Justin spent a long time lashing her there until the skin broke
a bit. He then finished up by lashing the girls small nipples.

Trisha was mad with pain already, when he started with her nipples she knew she
could not stand it long, her vision was already swimming, when he was lashing
her tits she prayed to pass out, but he always gave enough time to recover so
that didn't happen, she could count inside her head for awhile to wait for the
next stroke and prepare somewhat, then she became completely lost. She could
still feel the pain in her ravaged cunt and the agony of her tits was worse she
thought because of the long methodical way he was doing it. All that changed
when he started on her nipples, striking one and then the other, quickly
building up speed until he was lashing at her small buds without pause. She felt
her world slide off to the side and go black.

Justin kept the quirt falling on her nipples till she passed out then stopped.

Trisha spent the next week locked in the master bedroom of the house, Justin had
placed safety bars on the window a few year earlier after a break-in and it had
its own bathroom. They had little need to worry about her trying to get away
though, after her last experience something inside her had broke. It would be
weeks before the bruises and swelling on her chest faded, but her mind and
spirit would take far longer to heal , if ever. Except for bringing her food and
water, which they had to threaten her into eating, they had agreed to leave her
mostly alone physically. Still they spent much of each day in the room with her,
telling her what a slut she was and having her down all fours with her pert ass
up in the air while one of them fingered her asshole or gave her a few swats on
her jutting little rear. The terror of when they would return to abusing her
filled her mind and paralyzed her, she knew they would not wait too long.

The Video was copied off and sent to those who had most enjoyed the pictures as
well as people Justin knew in New York, Los Angeles, Denver and Cincinnati. The
tape was destined to become an underground favorite, the shots of Trisha's face
in such agony would even be used on a Nightline special on Rape in America.

Once again they waited for the bruising and swelling to fade before torturing
the girl again, during the two weeks it took for her body to heal completely and
her mind to recover somewhat from the shock, the three kidnappers continued the
modification of Justin's house. The large room had been set up as the new center
for Trisha's abuse, eyehooks had been placed into studs along the ceiling, floor
and walls, a modified wooden sawhorse had been bolted to the floor, all the
whips had been hung on the walls, assorted equipment brought in as well and the
window was blacked out with heavy cloth. They didn't have to worry too much
about the noise, the outer walls were made of brick.

The young girl knew more or less what was coming as soon as they led her out to
the room, she began to cry immediately. Far from becoming sensitized to the
abuse, the long waits before each session built up her fear and loathing to peak
levels.

Justin attached handcuffs to her wrists and leg cuffs between her legs to limit
her movement.

"Get on your hands and knees little cunt" Alexis snarled. The three of them
waited expectantly while the girl decided what to do, you could almost see the
self-loathing take her over as she got down on all fours. The group laughed and
sat down in opposite corners of the room. There was no reason to rush things
anymore, the girls spirit had been broken. Sharon who was sitting closest to the
wall with the whips grabbed a long buggy whip for herself and threw a Justin a
light singletail whip and a very long lunge whip for Alexis.

Trisha felt completely lost as Alexis ordered her to crawl slowly around the
room with her ass up in the air. She began to move slowly as Sharon whipped the
buggy whip across the back of her thighs bringing out a sharp squeal and raising
a nice welt. "Get moving slut" Sharon barked at her. " Your gonna get beat
everytime you stop without permission bitch" she snarled. The young teen began
to crawl on the floor

The three of them joked and kicked back while the girl crawled around the room,
making a path around the pieces of furniture, as soon as she lowered her ass
somewhat three whips sang out to kiss her perfectly round ass.

"AHHHIIIIIIEEEEEE" Nooooooo!!!!!!" she rolled on to her back.

"Get back to crawling " Justin commanded as he snapped the singletail just above
her breasts.

She quickly got on her hands and knees again and started moving around the room,
she sobbed and cried as they mocked her and snapped their whips in the air
around her. Each time the crack of a whip went off she cringed and shook. After
a few minutes she got herself into a corner and had to turn around, Alexis
rained 5 strokes on her shoulders and back before she could get turned around
and start moving again. She was crying so hard he couldn't see when she came up
to a chair leg and stopped. Justin aimed the evil singletail at one of her small
hanging tits and popped it, catching her perfectly on the sensitive nipple.
Trisha rolled to her back and screamed. Alexis stood up and lashed her legs
while the shaking girl tried to right herself, each time she tried Alexis lashed
her legs making her fall back again. When she finally was able to Justin got
behind her and undid his pants.

Trisha started sobbing in a broken surrender as she felt him press his cock at
her poor asshole. He steadily forced his cock up her upturned perfect little
stripped ass. The young girls shitter spasmed and convulsed in agony as she was
stretched and violated again by his thick cock. She could hear the girls
laughing at her but the sounds were distant, all she could think of was the pain
and the humiliation of what she had become, nothing but a gutterslut to be
assraped for the sick amusement of these sadistic bastards. Justin was grabbing
onto her small hips and forcing her ass up and back while pushing her chest down
into the carpet, forcing inch after inch of himself into her tight little ass,
pulling out a little and then thrusting forward as he pulls her towards him.
"NoooooooooPllllllleeeeeeNNnooooooooooooSttoooppppppp!!!" she pleaded. She knew
it was useless but her mind wouldnt let her stop trying to do anything she could
to stop the cramping overfull stretching of her tiny little ass. Her body
thrashed side to side as far as she could go, which in truth only added to the
brutal raping of her ass, but she couldnt stop.

"Please no more! Your killing me!!! Please make it stop"!!!!!!" She sobbed and
yelled as he steadily sodomized her. The dreadful terror and loathing that had
haunted her the past nights filled her up along with his cock. He countinued
fucking his cock up her ass for what seemed like forever, twisting and
stretching her shitter ervyway he could, keeping her agony alive. He finally
pulled ou, her ass was in such agony she couldn't even tell if he came or not.

Her senses slowly started to return to her, she realized she was no longer being
held, but her ass was still high in the air with her asshole stretched obscenely
open. Justin and the girls sat down and made her continue walking on her hands
and knees around the room, she was unable to move very fast, her asshole felt
torn open and reamed out with a steel brush, every move hurt. She twitched and
jerked each time a lash would fall on her to urge her on, after awhile they
stopped even looking for an excuse to whip her and just lashed at her sexy body
anytime they wanted, making a lazy afternon of sitting around the room watching
the degraded young girl crawl aimlessly around the room as they whipped her
pretty ass and back, sometimes getting one of her small swaying tits as they
hung down. They let her crawl for hours, not caring how tired she got or how
hungry if she wated to drink they had her lap water from the cat bowl.

She spent a long while being made to lick the girls cunts while they twisted her
nipples and slapped her small tits until they came. Each time she thought she
was done the other girl would order her to crawl over and do it again. All
throughout they had her arch her back and keep her little ass high in the air.

After awhile Sharon and Alexis started spitting on her, seeing who could call
where they would hit. They made her kneel up facing them while they spit at her
face. She was beyond refusing anything they wanted, they had taught her that
they would do it anyway, she would simply be tied up and forced to take it. They
had her thrust her chest out while they spit on her tits then practiced hitting
her nipples, she cried and jerked when she was hit but managed to stay on her
knees, even when Sharon missed and lashed the side of her face.

They finally had to remove the leg cuffs and tie her legs apart with some rope
though when Justin wanted to practice popping the light singletail whip on her
pussy. She cried and pleaded, but still spread her legs as far as she could when
they told her to so they could tie them off to chair legs, Alexis and Sharon sat
in the chairs to give them more weight and get a good view, he tried to pop the
whip as closeas he could to the mouth of her open pussy without hitting her, he
was actually pretty good, only striking her pussy a half dozen times.

She wasn't sure which was worse, the searing pain everytime he snapped her open
pussy or the terror of being forced to lie there with her legs wide open and her
poor little pussy exposed to the cracking whip that snapped centimeters from her
time after time making her jump as the two girls cackled and placed bets as to
whether he would hit her pussy or maybe just brush the fine hairs framing her
thin slit.

After about a half hour they tired of that game and decided to untie her legs
and remove the handcuffs from her. The doors out of the house required a key to
exit, even from the inside and most all the windows had bars on them, at least
any window someone could fit through, still she didn't try to run, she couldn't,
her will was lost.

. The young girl never seemed to tire of crying, she had wept all day and into
the night, they thought it was adorable! Her body sported several long lashmarks
all over it, with a slightly heavier concentration on her tits and ass and along
the inside of her thighs, she even wore a fiery welt along the side of her cute
face where Alexis had struck her.

Justin disappeared into the kitchen for awhile to make dinner while the two
girls delighted in humiliating her further. "Come here little slut" Alexis
ordered. When she crawled over to her, Alexis started playing with her nipples,
roughly tweaking them and pinching them as Trisha moaned and sobbed, Sharon
joined in grabbing her left tit while Alexis worked on her right tit. The two
them made a competition of pulling her towards them in a game of tug of war with
her nipples, pulling her back and forth, occasionally one of them would use her
other hand to slap her across her sprite like face. "O good little girl, come
here, come here" Sharon crooned as she pulled on her nipple. "Lift your face up,
a little higher, that's it..." SLAPPPPP!!!!!! "Ohhh that was so nice, come on
one more time little slut, come here, lift. Lift". SSSSLLLAAPPPP!

Trisha was jerked between them, trying to do anything she could to please them
and make the torment and violence stop, but it only seemed to get worse. Finally
Alexis left go of her side, leaving her to Sharon for awhile.. Sharon made her
keep her head up while she slapped her face a dozen more time, even had her
count them out, then delivered two dozen slaps to her tits while she counted
those too. Alexis returned with a vicious looking pair of home-made nipple
clamps. Two curving metal plates attached together with a pin and a very strong
spring made each clamp, they lacked the professionally made look of the clamps
you could find in adult shops, but served a purpose most of those did not, these
were meant as heavy crushing implements of torture, not simple sexual aids.

"Get your chest out again" Alexis barked, sick of being outdone by Sharon she
slapped Trisha hard on her tits for a good five minutes straight while the
little brunette wailed and sobbed, she may have stopped sooner but the little
bitch made the mistake of trying to cover her tits with her arms, after she was
done and calmed down a bit, she moved a clamp over the poor girls already sore
and battered nipple and let it unceremoniously shut close.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG" Get it off me! Get it off! ITS
DESTROYING MY BOOBIE!!!!! She wailed, it felt like her nipple was crushed beyond
repair, Sharon had to hold her hands behind her back to stop her from clawing
the evil clamp off, Sharon was laughing like a madwoman while trying to hold her
still enough for Alexis to get the other clamp on. Finally Alexis got the other
clamp over her other nipple and let go as Trisha wild again, the little teen
seemed to become even more sensitive to the pain and abuse. "Get them off
Pleassssssee! Ill do anything O god get them off! You can fuck my ass again with
a dildo please!!!!!!!!!!! Take them off they are ruining me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't do this please!!!!!!!!!!!!" She begged.

Sharon handcuffed the struggling girl behind her back and then let her go so
they could watch her rolling around on the carpet trying to get the large clamps
off her, Alexis straddled her body and flicked at the clamps with her finger
causing the young teen even more pain. Sharon took the opportunity to hold the
Trisha's legs open and fuck her toes into the girls little pussy, she was amazed
to find Trisha dripping wet. "Look the little sluts enjoying it all! Justins
gonna be pissed, he wanted one who wasnt into it". Sharon said while looking
down and shaking her head.

Sometime during her torture Trisha's body was beginning to respond, she didn't
know why, she hated everything that was happening to her, the abuse was
horrible, she sobbed even more thinking about what they had made her into.

"Hey Bitch, did we tell you to get wet?' Alexis screamed. "Hold her legs open,
dont you dare try and fight her either ! Its time to punish that little slutty
pussy, from now on if your getting excited without permission this is what your
gonna get." She yelled, picking up a thin strap. Trisha was till so obsessed
with the agony in her tits she was barely aware of what was happening until the
strap came down hard on her cunt mound. The strap fell time and time again on
her splayed open wet pussy, driving the girl into a frenzy, despite the warning
she tried with all her might to free her legs from Sharon's hands as the strap
split her pouting cunt. "Hit her harder, hit her harder" Sharon egg'd her on.
The strap came down even harder as the blond put all her might into each swing,
wanting to teach the teen a lesson. After a few dozen brutal strokes the beating
ceased. When they took the clamps off her nipples Trisha expected only ruined
crushed bits of flesh, but her nipples, though flattened temporarily were
intact.

Justin stopped the fun long enough to feed himself and his two cohorts, Trisha
would receive her dinner after they were done with her. While they ate the girl
thought about the creature she had become while she knelt under the kitchen
table licking and sucking on Justin's large cock, un-cared for except for the
pleasure they could wring painfully out of her small body. All she had become
was a straining crying slut to abuse and humiliate. She had lost any vestige of
hope or defiance left in her, lost in despair and shame all she could do was
survive the horrors they inflicted on her.

After dinner Justin provided a present to the two gleeful sadistic women , a
pair of strap on dildo-harnesses, each with a pair of dildos that could be fit
into each one. One fairly large plain dildo and a second slightly smaller spiked
dildo. The best part of the event was the reaction of Trisha to seeing the strap
on devices when Alexis and Sharon put them on. Sharon choose the larger while
Alexis choose the spiked dildo for her harness. Suddenly she was facing not one
rapng cock, but three.

Trisha crossed her arms over her abused tits and began to shake again as the
three of them approached her. She had no illusions about what was going to
happen to her, there was nothing she could do to stop it. She tried to go limp
and not give them a reaction but couldnt help herself as Sharon pushed her onto
her back and kicked her legs open.

"Please go slow, please, my pussy already hurts so much from everything, Ill do
whatever you want, please, I'm not fighting you! You don't have to hurt me!" She
pleaded weakly, knowing it would do no good.

Sharon kneeled between the teens open legs, taking the Dildo in her and, pumping
it a couple times to test the small probe on the harness that rubbed against her
clit everytime the dildo was pulled forward or back. "Don't you dare move while
I rape your prissy little cunt, I don't want you getting off on this like some
little slut either". She slammed the large cold plastic tool up the small girls
cunt in one vicious thrust.

Trisha screamed and tried to pull away, a few slaps across her face reminded her
to keep her place while Sharon reamed out her sore pussy with quick strong
strokes, pulling all the way out and slamming home each time. Sharon raped her
with the Dildo for a half hour, her cunt rubbed raw by the rough plastic, and
that was just the beginning of the evening

Alexis took her turn next, forcing the studded rod up Trisha's abused shitter.
"O Gooodddd, not again" she moaned, her asshole was already so sore, when the
piece of plastic fucked its way into her she thought her ass would be ruined,
but Alexis just fucked her anyway. Justin replaced Alexis in her ass while
Sharon slapped her hanging tits and spit in her face again, she soon lost track
of what was happening to her, she became lost in the void of pain and
degradation that would become her life.

Years later when she looked on the months she spent with them, she would always
breakdown and cry, even now with them long since dead and her cleared of any
responsibilty in the killings, she could never sleep at night without waking up
screaming.

Alebeard




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alebeard


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





