BDSM Library - Family Drama




Family Drama
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Southampton's problems seem to overtake him when a customer offers him a solution. The solution is perfect but for the female part of the family.
Family drama



Mr. Bruce Southampton drove home worried and angry. It had been an horrible day
at work. The whole week looked more like a nightmare than like a week. They've
lost their best customer and now the stockholders were going to ask for
responsibilities. They've no fucking idea how much the whole team worked to keep
that contract, but it was impossible to fight against the Chinese. Half the
price and better delivery terms, it was absolutely unfair, but he knew they
would ask for some heads and his was the first to roll off. After 20 years
working in the same company his knowledge was hardly exportable and at his age
it would be difficult to get a new job, letting alone a well paid one.

He arrived lost in his thoughts. When Evelyn, his wife, saw him she immediately
knew he was in a bad mood. She was a pretty woman at her 34 years. Blonde with
short hairs and a little well shaped body, she was often referred to as
pocket-Venus. When with 16 she got pregnant, Bruce married her. He was then 27
years old, good looking and earning more money than Evelyn's parents, both
together. Now eighteen years later they've an one-family house with garden,
three cars and two kids, Amanda (17) and Dirk (16). Amanda was as pretty as her
mother but larger, with well developed breast and never ending legs. Dirk was a
typical teenager. With his face full of acne and his never satisfied sex drive
he was such a nerd as a only teen could be. His mother was tired of punishing
him for spying on them, and his sister didn't talk to him if not absolutely
necessary. To worsen things Bruce never takes this matter as serious and answers
like:" let him look, he's only a boy" or "He's not going to cut a piece out of
you" or even "It's normal, you both are pretty. I would be worried if I
discovered him spying on me".

So, that Friday afternoon, started as normal as it could be. Dirk had been
grounded for using his digital camera to get pictures from under Amanda's skirt,
Amanda was in her room involved in one of her endless phone calls and Evelyn
made dinner for her 'lovely' family.

Bruce explained the whole scenario to his family trying not to look to
desperate, but everyone knew he was and they had no solutions to offer. They sat
at the table to start dinner.

The atmosphere was dense, nobody looked up from the dish, having dinner in a
heavy silence, when the phone rung. Bruce got up and answered it. Normally he's
a dominant man and Evelyn wondered who it could be, cause Bruce's answers were
like: "Yes, mister", "Of course, sir", "No, no problem at all", "we would be
honored" and after a "thank you very much" he told his family that Mr. Steve
Rittersporn is coming to have dinner with them. Mr. Steve Rittersporn himself he
accentuated, from Rittersporn and Co. their best, now lost, customer. His mood
had changed in seconds, there still was some hope. Perhaps the Chinese have made
a mistake or Mr. Rittersporn has got some unresolved problems, problems he will
resolve, sure he will, at any price.

Steve was a middle-aged slim man with an absolutely white head. He's got a
sportive body and deep, black eyes. He came dressed in a white Brioni-suit with
small black stripes, white shoes with a black toe and he wore a black bordered
white hat. He looked more like a Mafia boss than like a gentleman. He was
greeted by an smiling Bruce in his best suit "Mr. Rittersporn, please come in.
You don't know how glad I'm you're paying us a visit" "Hi, Bruce, please, call
me Steve" he said shaking hands "as you know Rittersporn and Co. is going to
sign the contract with the Chinese on Monday if we don't avoid it, that's why I
wanted to talk to you. I prefer the money to stay in the States and I prefer to
work with people I know, with the same background and with similar believing.
And " he added with a devilish smiling " I don't like Chinese women" Both men
laughed and went into the house. Evelyn and Amanda had changed and greeted Mr.
Rittersporn standing in the living. Even Dirk had changed clothes and wore now
his new jeans with a blue T-shirt. Steve greeted Dirk shaking heavily his hand
and petting his shoulder as if he were his best friend, than he was introduced
to Evelyn, he looked at her from toes to head with a slightly approving movement
of his head. Evelyn stood there in high heels and a black night dress with a
lacy collar, the dress was long but split and showed her pretty legs. Evelyn
blushed under his gaze even the make up didn't show it. "Hello" he said in a
strange voice before looking at Amanda who was wearing a short dress and her new
red shoes. "Miss" he said with a nod.

During dinner they spoke about everything but business and drank a lot of wine.
Afterwards Bruce said: "Let's go into my office to have some privacy" "But, no"
answered Steve " with two so lovely women ready for us you are not going to tear
me away. Why don't you put on some music to dance?" he asked.

Bruce felt obliged and soon the living was a dance floor. The first pieces Steve
danced with Evelyn whilst Bruce, Amanda and Dirk just watched, but Steve asked
Dirk to join him and after looking at her Dad Amanda started to dance with Dirk
Fifteen seconds later Dirk were groping his sister's ass. Amanda trying to avoid
a scene silently fought his hands without success, faking to dance. Steve, of
course, noted it but waited to see Evelyn's reaction. When Evelyn saw it she
tried to silently advise Dirk to stop. That was the moment when Steve lowered
his hand to fondle her ass. Evelyn froze. One hundred thousand thoughts shot
through her mind: 'we've drunk too much', 'Oh, it feels good', 'don't make a
scene', 'I hope Bruce is not looking', 'he's taking advantage', 'this is the
price for the order', 'when I'm drunk I'm always horny', 'I can't permit my kids
seeing it', etc...but it was Steve who looking at Dirk said:

"Your mother has got a very nice ass, but now lets exchange partners I would
like to feel your sisters ass too" And adding action to his words he literally
pushed Evelyn into Dirk's arms while pulling at Amanda.

"I hope you don't mind, Bruce. It would be a pity, ...but I realize you know how
to keep your womenfolk in line, even it seems Amanda may need some enforcement,
Bruce, please, bring some rope." Amanda was by now in his arms and Evelyn stood
next to her son. None of them could belief their ears. What was he talking
about? What was the rope for? It was Dirk the first reacting and in the
twinkling of an eye he was back with some rope. Amanda and Evelyn had started
complaining but Bruce told them not to act stupid, they were adults and some fun
weren't going to hurt them. Whilst talking to them he intensively looked now at
them and now at Steve to make them understand to play that little game.
Reluctantly they permitted Steve to attach their wrist. He did a good job, than
he asked Dirk for some adhesive tape. Dirk, trying to hide his hard on, was back
with the scotch even before leaving. Steve knew his work and gagged both of them
very effectively and after putting a noose around their neck he slapped Amanda's
ass and said:" Well the girls are ready, let the fun begin" Bruce still
hesitated but didn't find the force to stop Mr. Rittersporn. He just stood by,
with a stupid smiling on his face. Only Dirk was in his element, he squeezed his
sister ass with one hand and weighted up her left tit with the other talking to
Mr. Rittersporn about the quality of the toys. Amanda tried to avoid her filth's
brother contact but couldn't get away attached as she was. " Bruce, I
definitively like your son, I see in him enough potential to perhaps let you
regain the contract" said Steve making both women follow him by pulling at their
neck ropes, when he went to the sofa to sit down. He sat down but asked them to
remain standing 'just to increase the ornamental effect' as he put it down.
Bruce joined him on the sofa and Dirk, very attentive, offered them some cognac
before permitting himself have a seat. "Do you know, Bruce" said Steve caressing
Evelyn's femoral muscle under her dress "when you said you would do any effort
not to lose Rittersporn and Co. I thought that perhaps it would be worth trying
it, and as I said before I don't like Chinese women and I love to do business
with people who shares my Weltanschauung" Evelyn stood there as rigid as
possible trying not to feel his warm hand caressing her. His hand had slowly
moved to upper parts and was now under her slip cupping her naked cheek. "Dirk,
please, here you are my car's keys. Would you like to bring me my suitcase while
your father strip the toys" Both women tried to get away when they heard about
stripping but they just tucked helplessly at their neck rope and after several
slaps on their asses they stood quiet. "Bruce, please, strip the bitches"
ordered Steve while fondling between Amanda's legs. Bruce didn't know what to do
seeing his family pleading eyes when Dirk came back. "Daddy, are you stupid or
what" shouted his son "didn't you here Mr. Rittersporn clearly telling you to
strip the dolls? Don't you understand that for them the Hi-luxury-life is over.
If we share Steve's believing, me and you will be well-heeled with two pretty
fucktoys" he said slapping hard his sisters ass, which looked at him, bewildered
"if not, all four of us will become some kind of serfs. But for them "he
concluded, pinching Amanda's nipple " there will be no difference or they become
our whores our other people whores. Don't you agree Mr. Rittersporn?" Steve
couldn't hide his smile. This boy's worth his weight in gold. Steve looked
carefully at Bruce and spoke: " Bruce, dear friend, I'll help you to regain
control, both at home and in the office. Till now it has always been you making
sacrifices now let them do it" he said with his hand clearly finger fucking
Evelyn. " I hope you agree that since we've given them - he pinched Evelyn's
clit who whimpered through her gag and tried to recoil- to many rights, life is
not the same for mankind. And I mean MAN-kind, you understand, I hope.

Bruce had the hardest erection of all his life, he didn't know if he agreed with
Steve or not, but seeing his family being abused was a hot experience he didn't
want to stop. Bruce started stripping Evelyn. Dirk ripped off Amanda's blouse,
but his sister frenetically moved her body making it difficult to strip her.
Dirk than took the rope neck from Steve and tightened the rope until suffocating
his sister. She, for some seconds went on battling but with her tied hands and
gagged her efforts were vain. Than she realized she was not getting any air and
stopped trying to breath, unsuccessfully. With a red head and near to tears she
looked pleading at Dirk who started groping her exposed tits. She couldn't mind
less, she needed air. The burning in her lungs grew till unknown peaks but Dirk
remained unmoved. "Dear Sis" he started "do you agree to be our fucktoy for the
rest of your life or do you prefer to fuck up your life right now, toy? Amanda
just moaned, nodding hysterically "Daddy, I think Amanda wants to say you
something" said Dirk to Bruce who was silently stripping his own wife, to be
abused by Mr. Rittersporn. "Yes?" asked Bruce looking sorrowfully at his
daughter . Amanda dropped on her knees and with everything black in front of her
she just whined. "She wants to tell you she would be happy becoming the house
pet, the family's fucktoy, our personal whore. Don't you, Sis" While saying
this, Dirk was loosening a little bit the rope not to suffocate his sister.
Amanda just nodded, she wasn't even able to think what her brother said, she
just agreed, she would agree with everything to stay alive.



Three hours later Mr. Rittersporn left the house with a face-covering smile. He
had not only thoroughly fucked and tortured the Southampton women but he had
changed their life forever. After stripping them they enjoyed making them parade
around, making them adopt each time more humiliating poses, whilst touching and
groping them. When Amanda denied to blow Dirk, he had opened his suitcase to
produce a range of torturing devices which could easily beat any specialized
sex-shop. Apart from the well known alligator-clips, rings and whips he had the
most ingenious devices to produce pain on a female body. Amanda, horrified,
discovered how painful the hi-tech nipple-thimbles could be. They consisted in
two thimbles which suck on each nipple. Once in position they emit an infrared
light on each other. The joke was that for any mm this distance changes they
discharges an proportionate electric shock and the more she cries and moves the
more she gets. Dirk couldn't stop laughing when he saw his naked sister gagged
and with her hands tied behind running through the room emitting noises like a
hunted chicken trying to get away from the pain. Her tits bounced up and down
and the thimbles shocked and shocked. When finally Dirk stopped and ungagged
her, she felt on her knees and gave him the best ( and first) blowjob of his
life. Steve, on his side, looked at the scenario slowly fucking Evelyn. She sat
on him with her hands still tied behind but instead of a gag she had a wide
opened mouth and her tongue stuck out. Steve had greased her tongue with a
special ointment. This ointment needed a certain amount of light to remain
neutral, if not it gets more and more acid till becoming sulfuric. To make
Evelyn obey nothing easier than turning the light off, as they did to make her
fuck herself on Steve's dick. It had been Bruce, standing next to the switch,
who ordered his wife to sit on Steve's cock, when she denied he just switched
the light off.

"AAAHH, aaiill dooo aaiiiittt, pliiissss, aaaiiimmm bbiirnniing. Pliiissss,
pliiissss, pliiissss" Evelyn's tongue burned like crazy. When Bruce switched the
light on she hurried over to Steve and impaled herself immediately. The next
dick Amanda sucked was her father's one. Bruce didn't know how to react but Dirk
and Steve told him to use the female, the nature put next to you; and Amanda
seemed more then willingly ... perhaps cause she wore the pain-knob. Bruce's
prick was as hard as possible and when Amanda carefully put her mouth on it he
forgot she was his daughter and face-fucked her as a common street whore. Steve
remembered how they made them participate in a bitch race, both naked, on their
fours running till the end of he garden and coming back. It had been specially
funny cause outside it was dark (Think on Evelyn's tongue) and Amanda still wore
her thimbles. Evelyn won. Perhaps cause she wanted to reach the illuminated zone
as soon as possible and Amanda just got shock after shock into her bouncing
tits. As price both got a shaven cunt, but Evelyn's was shaven by razor and
Amanda's with wax and tweezers. Evelyn got also into her crying mouth a "magic
stone" she unwillingly swallowed when she was getting her pussy shaved. This
stone, remembered Steve, is one of his favorite items cause it dissolves into
the female's system and remains there for over years making her extremely
vulnerable , cause it reacts on ultrasound, the same as produced by a dog's
whistle.  Amanda also got a PK (pain-knob) The pain-knob was like a thumbtack,
it was to be jabbed into the victims neck and operated by remote. It produces
pain, just pain, the purest possible pain, adjustable by remote... and it was
Dirk who got the remote.





That night, exhausted, the Southampton slept without further commenting the
events. It was on Saturday morning when the drama took its true dimensions.
Bruce woke up at 7 in the morning in the best mood of his life. He noted he
could think sharper and more accurate than never before and he even thought that
perhaps he's reached illumination, so he decided to dictate new regulations  for
his family. Evelyn woke and remembering her nightmare she decided to earnestly
talk to Bruce. Yesterday they've overdone things, especially between Dirk and
Amanda and it's important to settle them again. When Evelyn came down after her
shower she was greeted with two hard slaps: "Who allowed you to dress, bitch"
was the angry question she heard "haven't you learned nothing? Strip
immediately, bring your tongue-ointment  and tell your lazy puppy-bitch to
present herself immediately" Evelyn was too shocked to react and turned to
leave, when out of the blue sky she was hit by a pain, her whole body suffered
in pain, pain like nothing else, pain from nowhere and it was gone as suddenly
as it came. Bruce took the whistle out of his mouth and repeated: " I said
'strip'" Hastily, still with tears in her eyes, Evelyn stripped and naked she
run to awake Amanda. 



When Dirk came down to have breakfast he was still so slept that he didn't have
the last evening present, but entering the kitchen he awoke immediately. First
he saw his naked mother standing next to his father's chair, hands behind,
slightly opened legs, high head and outsticking tongue. His eyes glued to his
mother's bald cunt. It was quite a vision to have a full frontal sight of this
pretty naked woman. Then he saw his father having breakfast while fondling the
nude female. It was when he wanted to sit down, that he noticed his sister.
Amanda was under the table, stark naked, on her fours, wearing a dog collar,
carefully blowing Bruce.

His father greeted him warmly :"Hi, Dirk; do you want to have breakfast" when
Dirk nodded 'yes' Bruce pinched Evelyn's clit and said" Hurry up, slut. Dirk is
hungry". Caressing his daughter's head he went on talking to Dirk. "Do you know,
my son, we are going to change some rules in this house and I hope I can count
on you to help me to ensure the new rules are upheld." Dirk with a painfully
hard erection just grunted trying to reach under the table to molest his sister.
Bruce took a handwritten sheet of paper and read.



1) Only human beings are allowed to wear clothes under this roof.

2) No female is human

3) Female are not to reject any male.

4) 'No' is a forbidden word for females.

5) Any punishment is suitable to 'help' these animals to understand their
status.

6) Homebitch (previously Amanda) is to crawl on her fours and not allowed to
speak unless given permission

7) When outside they are allowed to dress only in an erotic and accessible  way.
No underwear.



"This list is open and you are free to include any rule you want" concluded
Bruce. What do you think?

"Daddy, I think it's great. Can I use my sister's other end while eating my
fried eggs"  asked Dirk slapping his mother's ass when she served him the dish.
"Dirk there exist not such a thing like a sister, but you are free to use the
homebitch when ever you feel like, or, if you prefer you can use the houseslut"
he said grinning from ear to ear.



The houseslut was ordered to do her chores whilst Dirk thoroughly fucked Amanda.
Bruce went on telling him news. Amanda couldn't believe her ears, and started
crying once more, when she heard Daddy telling Dirk they were inviting Morris to
have dinner with them. To become her family's sex-bitch had been horrible but
inviting her boyfriend was beyond her worst nightmares. She and Morris started
some months ago and the most they've reached was some kissing and petting. He
had never touched her intimately, letting alone seeing her naked. Twice she
menaced breaking the relationship when he got to bold. And this Morris was going
to see her crawling around naked. No, it couldn't be . No way. Overwhelmed by
her own thoughts and the erotic feelings building up due to the never-ending
fucking she exploded into a big orgasm crying loudly: "Pleeease, pleease Daddy
I'll be your bitch but please don't tell Morris. I'll suck you off each morning,
I'll even bark when you come home but please don't ask Morris to come." Dirk was
the first to react and slapped her face hard, once, twice, three times. "Shut
up, bitch. You are not allowed to talk" Then when she was only whimpering he
asked his Dad how to punish their stupid homebitch. "We can whip her ass or burn
her nipples" Bruce said but I do not like marks on my animals. "Why don't we try
the PK." Dirk was enthusiastic. The events couldn't develop better. Now he owned
his high-nosed sister to fuck and punish, to humiliate, to degrade, to.... He
searched the remote and found it next to his bed. When coming out of his room he
run into his mother. "Hi, houseslut" greeted Dirk cupping her bald sex and
kissing her on the mouth. For a while he abused her sex and mouth then with a
hard slap on her cunt he left telling her to keep it bald.

When Dirk went away searching the remote Bruce told Amanda to get clean and she
started to crawl towards the bathroom. "Where do you think you go?" asked Bruce
slapping her ass." I'm going to wash you in the garden with the hose" Oh, I have
to add a new rule :



8) Homebitch is not allowed in the bathroom.



He announced loudly explaining that from now on she has to use the garden to
relief herself. Then he searched a spot in the midst of the garden and in front
of the window of his living room to tell her that this is her toilet. " When you
are going to relief yourself you do it squatting down with wide opened knees,
facing the window and your hands as a begging dog." At that moment Dirk came out
with the remote and happily listened to the news. He gave his father the remote
and came back with a spade. In few min. he had buried a hole and looked
satisfied at his father. "Dad, make her piss before we start with the
punishment." But then he stopped and said: "No Dad, don't. Don't let her relief
herself till Morris is dining with us in the living. Its then when you may allow
her to use the toilet" Bruce smiled and agreed: "Son, you are a genius, now lets
wash and punish homebitch"

Amanda was terrified. She just couldn't believe her actual situation. What had
happened? Yesterday she was a normal teen and beloved daughter and today she was
crawling naked in the garden. A cold water stream remind stopped her
daydreaming. "Dad, focus her cunt, it's dirty" shouted Dirk taking Amanda's
collar and putting a chain to it. The cold water washed Amanda's sweat and
cum-rests but also made her very conscious of her need to pee, but the shame of
pissing in front of his family added to the fear of a punishment made her hold
back.

After making her run through the garden to dry herself they again explained they
were going to punish her for talking without permission. Without further ado
Dirk pressed the remote and Amanda exploded in pain. It was as if all her nerves
were put to fire at the same time, as if jabbed by 1 million needles, as if
...It was hell. For Dirk and Bruce it was a funny sight of a pretty naked woman
running and shrieking like a pig as if crazy. It seems she was dancing an erotic
ecstatic dance, it was a nice sight. After 30 sec. Dirk released the button and
the pain stopped as if never been. Amanda was in tears looking with puppy dog
eyes at Dirk and Bruce, it was a plea for mercy. But there was no mercy. Dirk
hold the remote with one hand, and looking at Amanda,  he raised his other hand
stretched out one finger to slowly press again the button. Amanda started
whimpering even before he touched it and cried out aloud when he did.

Her performance was even more erotic this time, cause due to the pain she pissed
on herself, much to Dirk's and Bruce's delight. Her cries had attracted also her
mother who was now standing, still naked, at the big window of the living. Dirk
saw her and ordered her to come. They told her why homebitch was getting
punished and ordered her to participate in her punishment or to get a PK
herself. Reluctantly she took the remote, Amanda cried and shook her head, but
Evelyn pressed the button. Dirk who was again fondling his mother's cunt told
her to held on for at least a min. Amanda was rolling on the floor when the pain
stopped. She was told to lick her mother's cunt in gratitude for her punishment.
She did. Then she was told to blow Daddy. She did. Evelyn was sucking off Dirk
and Amanda was told to lick his ass. She did. Yes, finally the PK had done it:
Amanda was a trained homebitch.



The rest of the morning was uneventfully. Amanda crawled through the rooms
helping her mother. They had lunch, the three of them sitting at the table and
Amanda eating directly out of a dog bowl in the corner.

Just after lunch Bruce told Amanda to call Morris to invite him for dinner. She
looked at him, than at Dirk who had the remote attached to his belt and knew she
had to do it.

"Morris? This is Amanda here. Yes, hello. Me too. No, I just called to ask you
if you want to have dinner with us. Today. Please..

Amanda lowered the phone and told her Dad that Morris is going to come and wants
to know when. "Tell him at eight o'clock" answered Bruce.

"Morris, yes, we expect you at eight"



At eight o'clock in the afternoon rang the bell. It was Dirk who opened. "Hi,
Morris, how do you do?

Come in, we're waiting for you" "I'm not late, Am I?" Asked Morris a little bit
worried.

 "No, don't worry, you are on time. Please, come in my dad wants to know you.

In the living room everything was ready. Bruce presented himself as the
gentleman of the house and told him to have a seat, cause he wanted to talk a
little bit. "Recently we've changed some rules in our household and I would like
to familiarize you with them, just in case you become a permanent member of this
family" Bruce went on speaking but Morris felt very uncomfortable. Perhaps
Amanda had told her Dad his advances or he was going to protect her virginity
till marriage. " ...special dress code to wear..."

Morris thought that from now on his girlfriend would be dressed up like a nun.
"Dirk, please, fetch her"

Dirk left with a smile.  Morris reclined in his chair and noticed the living. It
was big and well furnished.

To his left, through a big window, he could see the garden , in front of him, in
the corner an huge TV and on the same wall a door communicating with the rest of
the house. The door on his right he supposed lead into the dorm. 



WWWHAT? Morris couldn't believe his eyes. Dirk was back with Amanda but she was
stark naked, with a shaved bush and wearing only a dog collar. She entered the
room walking normally but with her hands behind in order not to hide anything
and lead by a chain attached to her collar. Even they had told her it was a
special favor permitting her to walk instead of crawling, the truth was they
wanted to increase the effect her full frontal nudity would cause on her
boyfriend. Amanda was utterly ashamed. Here she was naked as the day she was
born, collared and lead by a chain like an animal for her boyfriend to see her.

"As you can see Amanda is wearing the new code dress" started Bruce "she is not
allowed to talk and of course not to refuse any advance made on her" Amanda even
reddened more. "Normally she crawls around but to meet you we've allowed her to
walk. Dirk, please, give the chain to Morris and tell mom to bring in the
dinner". Morris couldn't get his mouth closed. He took the chain and slowly
stretched out his right hand touch her skin. Amanda didn't move. Slowly he moved
his hand caressing Amanda's leg. She even open slightly her legs when he arrived
her hips. Looking more at Mr. Southampton than at Amanda he put his hand on her
ass. His cock was so erect and he was so excited that the slightest touch would
made him cum. On the other hand he couldn't get his eyes and hands off. Than
came in Mrs Southampton

and Morris started to cum. He tried to hide it away but all his body contracted
rhythmically. Evelyn was naked wearing high heels and a maid cap. She was a wet
dream. Bruce noticed what had happened to Morris and shouted: "You filthy
homebitch, have you seen what you've done. Take out immediately his cock and
clean it with your lousy mouth " Amanda dropped on her knees and fumbled with
Morris zip.

Few seconds later he noted his dick swelling again in her warm mouth. Meanwhile
Bruce introduced his wife: "This is houseslut, another fucktoy" Morris didn't
know what to answer to that nude woman, mother of the other one between his
legs, blowing him. He just said 'hi' but Dirk joined them and groping his
mother's cunt he french-kissed her. Than he told Morris that this is the way he
should greet. Evelyn approached him and he timidly put his hand between her legs
and softly kissed her on the mouth. By now he was sure he was dreaming and just
tried to move slowly in order  not to awake.



Amanda was doing a great job and his prick was erect again, but this time he
told his girlfriend to stop. Houseslut had finished serving the dinner and was
standing next to her husband, with slightly opened legs, awaiting orders. Bruce
clapped once and said "lets start" starting to eat, Evelyn sat with wide spread
knees on her chair and Amanda crawled into the corner to eat out of her bowl.
Whilst eating Bruce explained Morris the house rules and after a short silence
he asked him: "Are you still interested in going out with ,......... aahh sorry,
in sometimes taking homebitch out for a walk" Morris answer couldn't be more
enthusiastic.

"I hope" went on Bruce "you'll help us in homebitch's training. Remember rule
three. I hope you'll watch her in college or when between friends." "Mr.
Southampton " started formally Morris " I will watch and punish homebitch
whenever IT is under my responsibility" Amanda, on her fours in the corner,
showing her ass and pussy knew she was definitively trapped, soon she would be
the college's slut.



After lunch Evelyn cleared the table, getting herself some slaps, and made
coffee. Amanda hadn't be to toilet the whole day and started whimpering , moving
her ass and looking at Bruce. Bruce understood and nodded, stood up, and opening
the door he switched the garden lights on. Amanda run into the garden . looked
for the hole and, as told squatted with wide spread knees to release and further
humiliate herself. Morris saw her and thought he was going to come again.
Hypnotized he observed his naked girlfriend pissing, the same girl one week ago
denied him to touch her bum or to see her tits. Suddenly he felt a warm hand
caressing his cock, it was Amanda's mother obeying her husband. Slowly he sucked
him off whist he looked at her degraded daughter.



End part one



Office 
At 11'30 the whole office expected the man of the day: Mr Bruce Southampton.
  The news he had regained the Rittersporn &amp; Co contract had spread as fire
  in a hayloft. Everybody had stopped working when his car entered the parking
  lot. Champagne was ready to be uncorked and even confetti and streamer awaited
  the hero's entrance. His co-workers were ready but their cheers, whistles and
  applauses died in their throats when Bruce came out of the lift. Not cause
  of him, but of Evelyn. The pretty 34 years old blonde was dressed to reconvert
  gay men and to make any present woman wish to grow a cock. 
White thigh high boots in stretch patent leather enhanced her natural pretty
  legs. Also white was the absolute transparent gauze which played the role of
  a mini- skirt, but showing instead of hiding her swollen pussy. The frontal
  view her husband's co-worker got permitted them to clearly see her slit, more
  protruded thanks to the 5 inch high heels. The fact her cunt was shaven didn't
  help either to hide her nether lips from avid eyes. 
From the waist band till just under her firm globes her body remained uncovered,
  not that the white tight-fitting open knitted top was hiding anything, but
  at least it could be considered clothing, even if her nipples showed through.
  Elbow long white gloves, a white choker and an also white cowgirl hat set off
  her outfit. 
The most humiliating was, nevertheless, a white nylon band attached to her
  new nose-ring; a nylon band Bruce held firmly with his left hand. 
Mrs. Evelyn Southampton was dying of shame. She new all these people, some
  of the men, who at the moment were ogling her denuded sex, had tried to flirt
  with her, unfruitful, in the past. She, the inaccessible, was now led around
  by a nose-ring and showed off like an animal. She felt the outfit robbed her
  any dignity, but the nose-ring denied her even the most elementary status of
  human being. 
Dressed like this, minus the nose-ring, she went this morning with her husband
  to Rittersporn $ Co. to sign the contract. After getting a heavy petting from
  Steve and his three managers she was made to suck Steve whilst he signed the
  contract. 
�Bruce, let the slut entertain my staff, whilst I show you some of the new
  machinery' Mr. Rittersporn had said. �The slut' it hammered in her head. She
  was, well, till Friday, she had been, the respected Mrs Southampton. Not a
  Bimbo to entertain Rittersporn's staff. Now she was. 
Rittersporn's managers, two men and a woman were far less inventive than their
  boss. The two men sandwiched Mrs Southampton on her fours between them and
  whilst one was face fucking her, the other one used her fanny. Evelyn felt
  undignified to the utmost, being used like a external sperm depot or a living
  fuck hole as Margaret said whilst abusing her tits and calling her names. 
The arousal of having such a pretty and fuckable prey made both sexagenarians
  hyperactive. 
In less than an hour both of them had used her twice, once on each end. Not
  knowing what to do with her after being exhausted they pierced her septum,
  ringed her and attached her in a standing position, almost tiptoeing, to a
  hook next to Margaret. They didn't even bother to ask her or her husband about
  the piercing, she was there to entertain them and if they wanted a pierced
  slut, they got it. 
Her pussy was swollen because Mrs Houston abused Evelyn's cunt till Bruce
  and Steve came back. First she fondled and groped it, getting it wet and sensible,
  than she started elongating her labia and pinching her clit. Evelyn's shrieks
  and whimpers only encouraged Margaret to further abuse this humiliated woman.
  Being attached by her nose-ring Evelyn could do very few to protect herself
  and underwent the debasing treatment finishing with up to 7 pens stuck into
  her cunt. 
Ten minutes after entering her husband's office nobody bothered talking to
  her. They've accepted she was the price to pay to get the contract back, so
  she was just merchandise. An item, an incentive or an object but not a friend
  or a person, let alone a respectable one. 
The fact they were not talking to her didn't stop them to grope and pinch
  her whilst congratulating Mr: Southampton. The fact Bruce did nothing to prevent
  his wife made them bolder and openly groped Evelyn's twat when shaking hands
  with Bruce. She was discussed as if absent and fingered or finger fucked without
  any trace of dignity. 
When Bruce was called into the president's office, Lily took the nose leash
  from Bruce hands and said, loudly slapping Evelyn's ass,: �Let's go, Bimbo,
  I'm going to show you the office� Evelyn who thought she had reached the bottom
  of her degradation, realized that at the bottom there was a hole and she fell
  even deeper. The youngest girl of the office was going to walk her around,
  worse than naked and attached by a ring through her nose. 
�Lily, bring her over here� called a grey-haired older man. It was Oliver,
  the same who just a month ago wanted to invite her to a dinner; a dinner she
  rejected with words like �People may start talking' or �what would people think'. 
Bruce's meeting wasn't all the smooth he expected. Of course he got congratulations
  and even a raise but Mr Bush, the president almost accused him of holding back. 
�I'm happy� he said �you involve your family to get good business, but I feel
  the company should profit first and you never brought your daughter to our
  parties, nor your wife was dressed as today� 
�Mr Bush, it wasn't my�� Bruce tried to defend his position. 
�Mr. Southampton� he was interrupted �I want your family working with us from
  now on�� 
�Well, Amanda is still�� Bruce tried again to not get overwhelmed. 
�..and I mean your WHOLE family� went on Mr. Bush, as if never interrupted. 
�Whole?� wondered Bruce. 
�As far as I know you've a younger sister and a pretty sister-in-law. Am I
  wrong?� 
Mr. Bush wasn't wrong, but how to tell him that one thing was being Bruce's
  family ( quite normal) and another very different was to be forced to dress
  and act as a cheap whore, a position he doubted any woman would freely accept. 
On the way to College 
Amanda's nightmare started as soon as she took the bus. Normally she drove
  to college but as Dirk put it 'Bitches don't drive'. He even told her to be
  grateful he didn't make her walk or even crawl all the way. Dirk himself also
  took the bus, just to make sure the bitch follows the rules. 
One rule she was for sure following: The dress code. 
Dirk had her dress like a little school girl. Bright red high heeled sandals,
  worn with white socks, a some size to small pleated skirt with the typical
  checks in red and white and a white, almost transparent, blouse. The effect
  was mind blowing for any red blooded male. The skirt was so short that Dirk
  saw his sister's puffy lips when mounting the bus some steps behind her. Well,
  he saw them and couldn't resist sticking a finger into his sister's cunt which
  made Amanda practically fell into the bus. 
The bus was crowed and nobody seemed to notice her, nobody but Mr. Yasuhiro
  Hiramatsu. This small Japanese was sitting in the middle of the bus, and his
  eyes virtually popped out when he saw Amanda stepping into the bus, he even
  noticed Dirk's hand under her skirt. He couldn't believe his luck, his erotic
  fantasy coming true. A grown up Bimbo dressed as a schoolgirl and in reach.
  Trying to hide his erection, he stood up and offered his seat to a by standing
  fat woman. Before reaching the next station he had managed to place himself
  next to Amanda. 
Amanda herself was lost in her thoughts and fears. She dealt with the humiliation
  of being dressed like a whore in a crowded bus; with the knowledge her brother
  would be inflexible when it comes to apply the rules, and the arousal of being
  nearly naked. 
Whit extreme anxiety she anticipated her immediate future at college: To become
  a fucktoy. 
This was the exact word she was thinking when she felt a warm hand brush her
  thigh. She went stiff. Dirk also noticed it and started smiling. Yasuhiro waited
  for a moment looking for a reaction. Perhaps a hand trying to block him, or
  a loud spoken word, or at least the leg trying to flee. Nothing. He got bolder.
  The brush on Amanda's leg became a soft stroking hand. �My god I'm going to
  be fondled in a crowded bus' she thought. Still no response. The caressing
  hand moved to inner and higher parts of her leg. �God stop him, pleeeaase' 
It stopped, the bus, not the hand. When the bus was in motion again Mr. Yasuhiro
  Hiramatsu was travelling with one hand on her bare ass. If Dirk had not shown
  her the remote she would have slapped this shameless molester, but instead
  she had to further open her legs. Yasuhiro was proud of his body control, twice
  he had won the endurance prize of Tokyo, but today he was just about cumming
  into his pants just like an undisciplined teenager. The bus was so full he
  could afford travelling without holding any handrail, and soon his right hand
  was also busy. 
� What am I going to do?' thought a terrible ashamed Amanda when she felt
  his hand on her ass �I can't be groped and abused in a public bus' �This has
  to stop' It didn't stop. Mr. Hiramatsu's right hand cupped her naked and bold
  sex. He came into his pants and she whimpering came on his fingers. 
�If you want she licks your fingers to clean them� offered Dirk in hushed
  tones. He wanted and Amanda had to clean Mr. Yasuhiro Hiramatsu's fingers standing
  in a public bus. Everybody pointed at them and made comments, she wanted to
  die. It was like advertising �Hey guys I'm a slut. Come and help yourselves'
  the advertising worked. Between that station and college the whole bus wanted
  to get a sampling. A finger pushed into her cunt. Both her tits were massaged,
  her nipples elongated, her clit pinched. She felt on her fours. Suddenly she
  felt a cock pressing against her mouth. �No, this not' she thought �Aaaaaahhhh
  mmmmmm pphhhffffff' Dirk had pressed the remote and the cock entered without
  problems. 
Another dick found a wet hole on her other end. She was getting the fucking
  of her life when Dirk told her he was getting off. �And don't forget to blow
  the driver before you leave� he shouted for all to hear and jumped out of the
  bus. 
Amanda arrived one hour late. She had been fucked and molested by the entire
  bus. The driver himself had insisted in getting not only his blowjob but a
  thoroughly fucking. He got it. 
On the way home 
Bruce was driving in silence. Evelyn was sitting next to him in her learned
  position: with wide spread thighs, hands behind her seat and her nose leash
  attached to the driving wheel. From time to time Bruce, mind absently, passed
  a finger through her openly showing slit. She also was silent, but perhaps
  it was due to the enormous red ball gag somebody had stuffed into her mouth. 
He was thinking about the phone calls he had been coerced to do. His sister
  Jennifer would swallow the bait, he was sure; but Sarah, Evelyn's sister, had
  been a lot more difficult. They weren't on good terms and since he tried to
  bed her, she's always been threatening him by letting Evelyn know. On the phone
  she looked surprised and suspicious about his real intentions; even she didn't
  say it straight, she hinted at it. 
His luck was Sarah's husband was jobless and her boys (Tony 12 and Sam 14)
  were keeping bad companies, the neighbourhood kids Sarah disliked most 
It had been Mr. Bush himself who gave her the reassuring argument. 
�Mrs Dimelow I believe in team work� He said �and if Mr. Southampton and his
  wife, your very sister, have been capable of wining a lost battle I'm sure
  the whole family together will be capable of almost everything, please don't
  fail us� and taking the phone Bruce finished �You can live with us and George
  will be my right hand, think it over�. 
Jennifer Harden of San Diego, Calif., 37 y/o didn't want to move with her
  daughters, aged 13 ( Naomi) and 16 (Tisha), because she believed San Diego
  was healthier for her girls. This was what she told her brother when he offered
  her a job to help her out of her actual situation. But then she heard a news
  report on the radio talking about air contamination in California. �So much
  for living healthier' she thought, �perhaps I should choose living richer'. 
It still was unclear what the job Bruce offered was about, but she was flexible
  and a quick learner. Unclearness was, anyway, Jennifer's hobby horse. Even
  her marital status was unclear. 
Her husband disappeared, simply vanished in Iraq, having signed, but not delivered
  the divorce papers. Officially he was still not dead, the insurance-lobby pressed
  this point, nor divorced, but for sure she was alone. She didn't know if she
  was married, divorced or widow. Once she commented with humour �I should ask
  for the annulment of our marriage in order to have all the possible marital
  stata' 
Bruce had even offered his home for her to live till she finds her own. Strange
  was to her how her brother reaffirmed his authority. �Meanwhile you'll life
  under my roof you'll have to bend to my rules� he said. 
Evelyn's mind was again and again thinking over the last hours. Lily had happily
  brought her over to Oliver. �You were right, Evelyn,� he said slowly passing
  a finger through her bold cunt �what would people think if they see me with
  a hooker like you� 
The office people gathered around them and smiled. She felt horrible. In none
  of the gazes was the slightest track of pity, there was hunger, cruelness or
  enjoyment, but no pity for the circus-animal she had become. 
He had ordered her to fuck herself up and down on his finger whilst talking.
  Slowly she obeyed. Apparently her pace wasn't speed enough and Lily corrected
  it flogging her once with a plastic ruler. 
The hit and her subsequent shriek were more than welcome. She speeded up impaling
  herself on her husband's employee's finger. The ruler came down again, again
  she shrieked and more the audience laughed. The spectacle was served. 
Evelyn blushed again remembering the situation. A woman dressed up like a
  porno doll, attached by a nose ring and being corrected by a teenager with
  a ruler for not fucking properly an offered finger in a public office. They
  made her cum. Digital cameras and videos on mobile phones immortalized the
  event. Different pics of her debasing herself would become the future screensavers
  for half the office. 
Lily had stopped talking to her; she was directed by the ruler. The office
  loved it. She was taught the commandos to spread her legs, to suck (cunts or
  cocks) to squat down and piss in front of everyone with hurtful slaps on her
  reddening ass. The most horrible was, whatsoever, she couldn't stop cumming
  and cumming and everybody noticing it and commenting it. 
Somebody suggested that the new pet was too loud and she got her gag. Nobody
  asked her how she felt, if she needed a rest, if she wanted them to stop. No.
  They gagged her and went on torturing and abusing her body and her mind. 
Lily took her through the whole building making her perform with that hated
  ruler. She remembered how in the account department she was forced to climb
  on a table and dance while all the males fumbled under her skirt, how she was
  laid down on the same table and almost clinically observed while being molested
  till cumming. She felt the males were more interested in sex, the women meaner,
  more interested in cause discomfort or plainly hurt her. She got both, generously. 
Lily than had brought her to the entrance. The guards' eyes menaced to pop
  out when they came out of the lift. She got embraced, French kissed and mauled
  by both of them, but the worst was when Killer, the trained German Sheppard,
  gained interest in her. 
He stuck his cold snooze direct into her hot sex and started licking. When
  she tried to push it away Lily hit her ass, twice and hard. She gave up fighting
  the dog and when Lily pointing the floor indicated her to fell on her fours,
  she did as a bitch in heat. Killer liked it and went on licking and sniffling. 
Lily made her crawl as fast as possible tugging painfully at her nose ring,
  but for Killer it was just a game to catch her. The guards applauded amused
  each time their dog licked this bitch's cunt and Killer liked applause. 
For sure the dog would have fucked her if one of the guards would not have
  smacked and fondled Lily's firm bum. Lily didn't like it and towing her by
  her nose ring they took the lift again. 
College 
Amanda waited for the class to finish and joined her classmates before the
  next class started. Immediately the boys went crazy ogling her. Whistles and
  catcalls filled the classroom. 
�Amanda� It was Morris calling her 
�Hi, Morris� she answered and went over to him. On the way somebody patted
  her ass. 
Normally she would turn around and slap the offenders face, she didn't. Her
  lack of reaction didn't pass unnoticed. Another hand tried luck, not slapping
  but feeling it up. 
She blushed and increased her speed but did not fight back. Finally she reached
  Morris who cupped her cunt with one hand and holding her neck with the other
  one French kissed her for at least one minute. 
The class cheered. After the kiss he took her hand and said: 
�Amanda you look great, let me have a look at you, turn around� Slowly she
  did. �Come on Amanda, turn but with a little bit of spirit.� She tried to do
  it without making her skirt fly� The effort was vain. He wanted her skirt flying.
  She surrendered. The third span she did it like a ballet dancer and the whole
  class went mute. The seconds her spun lasts the whole classroom admired her
  denuded cunt, her bare ass and again her slit and her bum and her nether lips� 
They were mesmerized. 
The teacher for foreign languages entered the room just when her skirt fell
  down again. The class was silent and he asked his students to sit on their
  places. They rushed. Ron Sellers was to obey, instantly. Amanda's place was
  in the first row and she had to cross the whole classroom. This time there
  was no shyness in touching her. She felt hands on her bum, under her skirt,
  caressing her legs; one hand even managed to squeeze her love lips. Finally
  she reached her sit and totally embarrassed she sat down, only to realize her
  skirt was to short to hide her sex from the teacher's view. 
Mr. Ron Sellers couldn't believe his eyes. Amanda Southampton, that's Amanda
  for sure, was not only dressed as a street hooker but permitting the whole
  class a free feel. 
Ron was a man of excesses. 7 feet high and weighting next to 400 pounds he
  stands out among any group he chooses to be. But not only were his measures
  beyond normality. 
His voice was, his tastes were and his personal live has been always non-standard. 
He could make whimper barking Dobermans by just a stern look. He gets discounts
  wherever he buys and even the director was afraid of telling him do's and don'ts. 
�Amanda� thundered his voice �to the blackboard�. 
Amanda forgot the whole class was looking at her when she met Mr. Sellers'
  gaze. He looked at her as a wolf looks at a trapped lamb. 
�Our cute Miss Southampton seems to feel like a little girl today� Ron started. �so
  let us treat her like one� 
�Mandy, on Friday I explained the Spanish verbs �ser� and �estar� could you
  please face you classmates and explain these verbs again. 
�Both mean �to be' in English, but �� Amanda was unable to think. She wondered
  if on the dais she was showing her most private parts to the first rower. The
  way they looked she was quite sure. 
�But ?� asked Ron. 
��but �ser' is for �. Unchangeable adjectives? She muttered unsure. 
�Mandy� Ron used again that hated nick �when little girls are putted into
  an awkward position they take the hem of their skirts and chew on it� 
A flush of deep humiliation brightened her cheeks. �But Mr Sellars�� she stammered 
�Sellers� he corrected her and raising his voice he added �don't tell me what's
  right or not. It's you who wants to behave like a little girl and it's you
  who obviously don't know the answer.� 
A deep silence filled the classroom. 
�Chew on your skirt, Mandy� roared again his voice and Amanda Southampton
  deadly humiliated lifted her skirt in front of all her classmates and started
  chewing on it. The sight was overwhelming. Some boys came into their pants.
  There on the dais stood a grown up woman in high heeled sandals and white socks
  offering a full frontal view of her neatly shaven cunt. The red checks of her
  skirt faded in comparison with the redness of her face. 
�How nice� commented Ron boldly running a finger through her slit �even your
  pussy is bald.� Without withdrawing his touchy finger he put another question
  on Amanda. 
�Ok, your Spanish is not good, let's see if you listened to the Chinese lessons
  or if you need a reminding spanking.� 
�Ni luo-ti-de de-shi-hou, Wo ai kan ni� Can you please translate. Of course
  Amanda was incapable. She was being publicly finger fucked with all her classmates
  witnessing it, she was close to orgasm, her teacher was molesting her; how
  on earth could she understand Chinese right now. 
�Little Mandy has earned a spanking� sentenced Ron now massaging her wet cunt
  with his enormous hand and her bare ass with the other one 
�Any volunteer?�. 
To be continued� 
Some weeks later� 
His wife's new job together with his raise would have made it possible to
  buy a new house in the residential area. But promising to bring (down) his
  own sister Jennifer and Evelyn's sister, Sarah, was enough argument for the
  company to pay the new accommodation. 
He just presented it as a matter of space. 
Mr. Southampton's household was the dream of any red blooded male. Houseslut
  was forced to dress in a way it would make blush a street hooker; and not only
  at home but also in her husband's office. 
Homebitch was to crawl around naked. Bruce and Dirk, have fitted her with
  knee pads (a clear sign they're animal lover) and a dildo-tail, she had to
  wear plugged into her ass. Her place in the new house was a big dog cage in
  the basement, or on the floor chained to Dirk's bed. 
The last weeks counted between the most horrible experiences of their lives.
  The pretty blonde housewife has been fucked by every one of her new co-worker.
  The fact she knew most of these people only added shame to the situation. They
  fucked her even, or specially, when her husband was present and in the most
  degrading way. Mr. Bush enjoyed most fucking her on his lap, both facing the
  same way, whilst meeting with Mr. Southampton. 
Bruce also loved the sight of his wife denuded cunt getting a thoroughly fucking,
  whilst poor Evelyn was hold by her nose ring, like an animal. For her it was
  utterly humiliating. 
Amanda's fate was second to none. After the bus ordeal she got her first spanking,
  the first one of a long list. When Mr. Sellers asked for volunteers the classroom's
  noise level raised so much that he feared the windows were going to break.
  They spanked her, and how. The boys mostly with their bare hands trying to
  also catch some pussy, the girls with rulers, with shoes and with every unimaginable
  items like umbrellas, belts, or even their own bras. 
The fun was indescribable and Mr. Sellers promised to correct little Mandy
  each day from know on. He, by the way, had freely fondled the young asses of
  Mandy's classmates. 
That was the first day. The next days were worse. None of the girls talked
  to her, if not directing humiliating orders she had to follow. The boys fumbled,
  patted, and fondled her to their heart content. And it's difficult to get enough
  of a pretty, young, naked and available girl when in your late teens. And at
  the end of each day, in her birthday suit she suffered the creative ideas of
  her classmate under the supervision of Mr. Sellers. 
But things were going to change; her aunt Jennifer, and her cousins Naomi
  and Tisha were arriving this weekend. And she knew, well not, she hoped, things
  were going to improve. Of course at school she was a sextoy, and for her boyfriend
  and his family she was little more than a walking cunt, an entertainment for
  the whole family. Her boyfriend, by the way, was dating another girl now. But
  at least at home things should go back to normality. The just arrived family
  would run away if they caught her crawling on her fours, with a tail in her
  ass and showing all she had to offer. 
And in fact, the weekend Jennifer arrived with her daughters; the Southampton
  looked like the typical American family. They couldn't be more standard: A
  loving, caring family with a son and a daughter who seemingly not even fought
  each other. 
When the Harden finally arrived they were tired, exhausted. But even tired
  Jennifer's looks turned heads. 5'6'' high with shiny black hair she looked
  like a movie star. Her best asset was her enormous but very well formed ass
  and her more than generous bosom. She seemed oversexed. Her smile melted ice
  blocks and she always walked as if on a catwalk. 
Naomi, her younger daughter, towered above her mother, but her body, her hairs
  and her general behaviour were unmistakeably Jennifer-like. Her passport showed
  she was only thirteen, but if driving a car no policeman would suspect she
  was a minor. 
Her older sister, Tisha, (16) looked more like her father. Short and strong,
  she won two years in a row the Californian Junior Championship in 1500 m butterfly
  swimming. She wore very, very short brown hair and looked a little bit boyish.
  Only her generous tits, a motherly gift, gave her away as a woman, a pretty
  one when looked at in the nude, but only her swim mates have had that privilege. 
Dirk immediately liked both of his cousins. They hadn't met for years and
  Dirk didn't expect such pretty women coming to live in. He was delighted. 
The Southampton had prepared a room for the Harden girls. Two new beds, a
  pink carpet and pink curtains decorated their �provisional' accommodation.
  In the next days we'll install you definitively � Bruce told them � but for
  now you'll have to sleep here. 
Both girls were delighted with the room and happily started to unpack their
  suitcases. 
Jennifer also got a room, well furnished. This one, seemingly, was not provisional. 
The weekend passed without incidents and even Monday morning was quite normal. 
Jennifer together with Bruce and Evelyn asked for her new register, as a permanent
  guest in Southampton's house, she was introduced to her new Boss, signed countless
  papers without reading them and finally considered herself as installed. 
�Well, Jenny, it seems you are to live with us now� Bruce announced smiling �and
  we've prepared a little welcome party for this evening. It's just us and our
  best customer Mr. Rittersporn.� 
�Oh, Bruce, thank you, but that was really not necessary�� Jennifer started
  but was interrupted by Evelyn 
�I think it's very necessary for you to know�to know our best customer� she
  finished unsure. 
Pet cousins 
Mr. Rittersporn arrived at nine o'clock with British punctuality and congratulated
  Bruce for his new house. He wore a jacket with bright red-brown checks, a peaked
  cup in dark orange checks and plain black wool trousers. His Italian shoes
  were brown-red. 
Smiling he looked at Jennifer and pronounced an �enchant&eacute; Madam' in
  perfect French accent. 
She smiled in her melting version but was puzzled; why was he bringing his
  briefcase to a private party? 
Not only her smiling was arousing, her outfit was on the very edge between
  professional and sluttish. She wore a red suit with a white blouse and a black
  tie. The skirt was, at least, 10 inches above the knee and her shoes were also
  bright red and with 4 inch heels. 
Naomi, her younger daughter, dressed a tight white t-shirt, a jeans skirt,
  white socks and Nike-sneakers. She looked great. 
Tisha had put on her brand new tracksuit. Dazzling white it fitted her like
  a glove and accentuated her leg muscles, underlined the firmness of her ass
  and clearly showed the forms of her most private parts. The jacket hid her
  generosity in the upper department. 
She too, wore Nike-sneakers. 
Steve nodded to both teens and went in with his new briefcase. 
It is to say that not only the briefcase was new, but most of the wonderful
  items hidden in it, were also new. The money Mr. Rittersporn spent for this
  kind of products easily topped the average cost of a luxury car, but to judge
  by the results, it was worth every penny. 
The dinner started normally, if you let aside the powder Steve ordered Evelyn
  to slip into the female's dishes, including her own. Everybody chatted happily.
  Naomi and Tisha cause they felt important, Jennifer to make a good impression
  on the company's most important customer. Dirk, who could hardly hide his joy
  faced with the prospect of reducing his cousins to pets, cheerfully took part
  in the conversation. 
Amanda and Evelyn had clear orders to look happy, Bruce felt as a King whose
  kingdom is going to expand and finally for Steve it was payday: Today his pet
  inversions were going to yield. 
After the main courses and before desserts, Steve took three small table lamps
  out of his suitcase and asked Bruce to dim the light to better perceive the
  effect. 
He ceremoniously placed the violet lamp on one end of the table and the red
  one on the other. In the middle he placed a slightly bigger black one. Then
  they called Evelyn and Amanda before asking for silence. He switched on the
  violet lamp and a very deep violet light immediately invaded the room. It felt
  warm and relaxing. The he lit the red one. The red light fought the violet
  one out of half of the room, without mixing. 
�Ohhhhhhh� it seemed like magic. Steve moved the black lamp until placing
  it exactly where both lights met, then he switched on this last lamp. 
&iquest;Have you ever seen black light? �Steve asked Dirk taking him by the
  shoulders. 
�No, I didn't know it exists� answered the Southampton boy. 
�Of course it does� laughed Steve �not seeing it is no prove for inexistence� 
The truth was that as soon as the black lamp was switched on the limits between
  the red and violet area faded till mixing into a dark violet uniform light. 
Steve gestured to both the Southampton men to follow him outside the room. 
In passing by he fondled between Tisha's legs and slapped Naomi's ass; they
  did not move, even a tear seemed to form in Jennifer's eyes, if looked at closely.
  She too got a slapped bum, when Bruce left the room. 
�Well� started Steve as soon as they had shut the door �to make it short:
  the powder in the livestock's system reacts to the wavelength of the mixed
  light. Just now their brains are unable to produce an own wave, preventing
  them from moving. But even better, we are going to permanently fix some brainwaves
  linking them to orders.� 
�Does it mean they are becoming robots?� asked Bruce not knowing if he liked
  that idea. 
�But no, my friend, it means that if your order comes into conflict with her
  own opinion, her actions would be guided by your order, but she remains free
  to inwardly think whatever she wants.� 
�Great� exclaimed Dirk �that means she strips because you told her but she's
  ashamed and aroused by her own� 
�Acu tetigisti� Answered Steve in classical Greek. �That's the point� 
The conditioning was real fun, being the final order not to remember it. 
�The pudding is coming� announced Amanda opening the door to let her mother
  in. 
Everybody stood up and applauded the entering woman with an enormous pudding. 
Dirk stood between his two cousins and whilst they were applauding, he cupped
  both their asses. Even he would rather choose Naomi; he had to recognize that
  the feeling of Tisha's bum was more appealing. It was firm and strong, but
  undoubtedly female. 
Both girls froze, not knowing how to react. If alone they had slapped his
  face (Naomi) or kicked his balls (Tisha), but with Mr. Rittersporn there they
  searched their mother's regard for advice. 
Aunt Jennifer was about to intervene when Bruce slapped her ass. She was shocked. 
�Jenny, tell your daughters to welcome Dirk advances, after all they are living
  in his house and should be happy he's pleased with them.� 
Not in a million years she was going to do such a chauvinistic statement. 
�Naomi, Trisha keep quiet for Dirk to feel you up, he's the boss of the house� 
The Harden girls couldn't believe their ears, but Jennifer herself got the
  greatest shock. 
What has she said? 
Her mother had gone nuts, they thought, we're not going to let this nerd to
  have his way; but they didn't move. Dirk, spotting a very respectable erection
  concentrated his efforts on Tisha. His left hand massaged and fondled his cousin's
  behinds, whilst his left hand was cupping and squeezing her cunt. �You should
  be happy I like you� he said �and you should open your legs to grant me a better
  access� 
He's gone crazy; she thought but opened her legs and surprisingly felt reassured. 
�I'm happy you like me� she heard herself telling him. No boy had fondled
  her, less so blatantly, let alone a public fondling, but to her own dismay
  she was permitting it�and getting wet. Dirk thanked his �training' with homebitch
  and houseslut; otherwise he would have cummed into his pants. 
Mr. Rittersporn's suitcase proved to have more things in it than just lamps.
  Perhaps the funniest items were the so called fuck-pills. They were round blue
  pills slightly bigger than a peanut. Jennifer was told to take one. Until that
  moment she has only been caressed and fondled by her brother, her nephew and
  Steve. She had lost her underwear but was still fully dressed. Together with
  the pill she got the order NOT to fuck any of the present men. �Of course not'
  she thought well aware of Dirk's hand between her legs sliding a finger into
  her wet hole �what did they think I am?' 
The pill affected directly and in an awesome manner her sex-drive. It multiplies
  it by an unknown factor somewhere in the rank of thousands. To say it converted
  a nun into a bitch in heat was a big understatement. It was so strong that
  the value scale of poor Jennifer got altered. Nor her modesty, her believing,
  the love to her kids, not even breathing occupied the first place. The first
  place (was there anything else important) was FUCKING. 
She needed a cock inside her. URGENTLY. There was no time to lose. Where to
  find a big cock? 
Ms Harden started to run up and down pressing a hand between her tights and
  whimpering. Her conditioning excluded the present males to satisfy her needs. 
These latter, on the other hand, were well served. Steve had Evelyn dressed
  in her work clothes, (White thigh high boots in stretch patent leather, white
  absolute transparent gauze &aacute; la mini- skirt, top and white elbow gloves),
  nose ring included, slowly fucking herself up and down on his respectable manhood. 
Homebitch got the not insignificant task of licking his balls, his shaft and
  her mother's cunt during the procedure. She was, of course, in her own uniform
  (naked, collared, tailed and with kneepads) and on her fours. 
Bruce was fucking a totally naked, but for her socks and sneakers, Naomi and
  Dirk was training Tisha how to suck cock. The swimmer was on her fours learning;
  Dirk lay on the floor and fondled his cousin's rear and cunt to his hearts
  content. 
The spectacle Jennifer offered was amusing. Steve commented she reminds him
  a chick with pepper in her ass. Naomi, on the very verge of her first cock-induced
  big O started laughing after her sister's suggestion to really fill mom's ass
  with pepper. The idea was welcomed but they decided to make Tisha herself fill
  her own as with pepper in another moment. Jenny was squeaking, squealing, shrieking
  and furiously rubbing herself whilst running up and down for the great enjoyment
  of all the guests. 
Finally she decided to look for a man outside and stopped the first vehicle
  on the street. 
It was the bus with the local football team. More than 20 young, strong and
  well hung men starred in disbelieve to the picture in front of them. A pretty
  woman, dressed in a red short skirt and a blouse, blatantly touching herself,
  showing her sex in the process asking if there was any man enough to cure her.
  The fact she was white and most of them blacks didn't bother anybody. With
  great ruckus they took that hot cunt and started fondling her even before she
  was inside the bus. 
�How long last these pills?� asked Bruce a little bit worried about his sister,
  whilst getting an eternal blowjob from just trained Tisha. 
�More or less 100� answered Steve whilst hurtfully depilating Naomi's twat
  with tweezers. 
�100 hours? More than four days?� Exclaimed Bruce. 
�No, 100 orgasms. Time does not affect in any way! 
Don't worry; tell Mr. Bush Mrs Harden is helping Rittersporn &amp; co. for
  this week.� Answered Steve �He can charge us her salary for this week� he finished
  smiling. 
�She's training� interjected Dirk who was using a new device on his squirming
  mother and sister. 
The device was high-Tec nano-technology. It consisted in a glove ten small �coins'
  and a remote. 
These coins immediately glued to any skin they made contact with. Amanda had
  one gluing to her clit, poor Evelyn wore one on her tongue, one on her left
  tit and one inside her cunt. They were absolutely irremovable (except with
  the remote) and their main function was to stimulate. The remote holder could
  choose if pain or pleasure, if hot or cold, if electricity or caress, the choice
  was amazing. 
Dirk was amused freezing Amanda's clit and boiling mom's cunt. Her tongue
  was getting pure pain but her tit transmitted pleasure. 
It was like playing with marionettes, they didn't even look human to him;
  just plain meat to have fun with. But that was not new. The second of the house
  rules clearly postulated that no female is human. Both had cunt ergo they were
  female and in conclusion no-human. Go ahead and enjoy. 
The evening was long and joyful; when Mr. Rittersporn finally left Bruce's
  house he was exhausted; exhausted but happy. The four female remaining in the
  house were also exhausted, just exhausted; exhausted and hurting. 
They had decided to keep the cousins naked but for they sneakers, gagged with
  a big ball gag and with their hands bound behind. They had to become decorative
  cunt-pets. It was like this they were going to live further on; and, to their
  big dismay, it was like that their other cousins (Tony 12 and Sam 14) were
  going to find them. 
Nor Naomi nor Tisha liked them. Dirk, they thought was ok (think again) but
  Tony and Sam were really nerds. 
Dirk went to bed happily remembering the events of the day. The hard on he
  got when first meeting his relatives. The tracksuit Tisha wore and how it outlined
  her forms. How he had fondled this forms, specially Tisha's wonderful ass.
  He remembered how he made Tisha ask to strip for him to have better access
  to her sluttish body. 
His worn out manhood reacted again thinking the marvellous striptease Naomi
  had performed on the table, with him heavily petting his aunt's cunt. Finally
  he fall asleep, smiling, thinking on the spanking Naomi got from her own mother
  for �wearing panties!! 
Bruce also slept well. He had both cunt-pets bedded next to him: One on each
  side, or as he put it, I've got two hands for two cunts; in which he deeply
  embedded his fingers. 
Houseslut was chained by her nose ring to a belt he wore forcing her to keep
  his cock in her mouth for the whole night. 
Amanda was again locked in her cage. Her clit-coin was still on; programmed
  to produce a slowly increasing feeling of pleasure followed by an electrical
  discharge, she didn't sleep well. Well, she didn't sleep at all. 
And Jennifer? What happened to Mrs Harden? 
To be continued� 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Woolfighter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





