BDSM Library - Bad tongued




Bad tongued
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tim is tired of his wife's sharp tongue, but soon some Mexicans improve her a lot.
Bad tongued



"Tim" said furiously his wife, not raising the voice to not awake her sleeping
daughters, "I told you half an hour ago I wanted to make a stop, we are thirsty,
hungry and, by now, angry. "I know, my dear, but I haven't found the right place
and I thought it would be better to find a nice and clean bar than to stop at
any lousy dump". "I thought, I thought" retorted ironically Samantha "don't
think and stop."

Tim had been driving through Texas for over five hours, he too was tired,
especially of his sharp-tongued wife. He had married this blond beauty 12 years
ago when her daughters, Melanie and Jennifer, were only 5 and 7 years old. He
thought than they were going to love him as a Dad but they grow up as cheeky as
their mother.

Yes, he thought, this was her only big defect: her mouth.

If in good mood she was the dream of a wife, pretty, lovely, intelligent but
when ever she got the possibility to criticize somebody she didn't miss it.

"Tim, stop daydreaming and look over there" -The Fallen Angel- strange name for
a grill-bar thought Tim. They stopped. The place was better than it seemed.
During lunch, served by a pretty Asian woman, Sam started criticizing the
manners of a group of Mexicans. Tim avoided her getting noisy and hurried up to
pay and leave. Tim's efforts to hold her back would have been successfully if
one of the Mexican's hadn't made some lewd remarks to Jennifer, the blonde and
older daughter, when passing by. She was dressed in sneakers, short jeans and a
sleeveless T-shirt. The Mexican trying to slap her ass had said something like :
"good ass for a whore in the making" Samantha immediately went back to take her
daughter's hand and said aloud: "There is nothing worse than a chauvinistic male
pig" One of the Mexicans, a very high and big guy, stood up and grasping her
wrist he calmly answered looking deep into her eyes: "Yes there is, a woman with
no fucking respect when talking" "How you dare, let me alone" shouted Samantha
struggling helpless" "Agarren las otras putitas, muchachos y vigilarme al macho"
said aloud the giant in Spanish.



Tim who had already left the bar came back to find each member of his family
hold by two men, and a revolver pointing at him. "Have a seat, amigo..." Tim
wanted to say something, but the 'click' of the revolver was very convincing.
For a moment there was nothing but silence, then Samantha asked, pitifully:
"Please, Senor, can you let me go" "No, Madam, we are going to teach you
manners, cause you've got a very dirty tongue" answered the Mexican and added "
let me see this tongue" Samantha exploded: "Let me go you dirty, filthy stunk.
I'm going to tell the police, you'll burn on the electric chair..."

"AAAAAHHHHHHHHH" it was Jennifer's voice which interrupted Sam's outburst.
Pedro, the giant, had given Juan a sign and this one had brutally pinched
Jennifer's nipple through her T-shirt. Sam looked at

her daughter when Pedro spoke: "Your manners are hurting all of us." He said
grinning, "Juan, show us what happened to the blond bitch" and Juan pinched
Jenny's nipple again, this time the left one. "Noooooooooaaah" cried Jenny. "You
bastard I'm going to kill you" shouted Sam. "Juan, tell the blond bitch to make
space for Ms. Hong to work" said Pedro and Juan told Jennifer to strip off her
T-shirt. It's true that Jenny started shouting some angry words like perverts
and bastards, but it is also true that after some more nipple-pinching she
freely agreed to strip for them. She couldn't believe it, to have to bare her
bosom in front of her family and all these men lurching at her. Once she did
Jose hold both of her arms and Juan touched and groped freely her globes. He
really enjoyed the soft, firm tits and he even kissed Jenny by doing it.
Jennifer was crying humiliated when Ms Hong appeared with a very long needle and
a kind of pliers. "You see, Madam, we are going to pierce the blonde bitch's
nipples only cause your tongue moves too much" Sam whispered: "No, please, I do
as I'm told" and demonstrative she opened her mouth and sticking out her tongue
she said "Ahh".

Tim, still sitting in his chair couldn't avoid smiling. It seemed these brutes
had got the right antidote against his wife's venom.

Very quietly Pedro started groping Samantha's ass through her skirt. Sam endured
his probing hand just whimpering, he repeatedly slapped her ass, hard, and
massaged it vigorously making approvingly noises.

Then out of nowhere he produced a blindfold and put it over her eyes. She didn't
protest. Pedro with a gentle pressure on her back bend her forwards till just
her outstretched tongue was in contact with the bar.

There she stood in black boots, short white skirt bent forwards with her tongue
touching a bar and blindfolded enduring a strange man fondling her most private
parts.

"Ignacio, the big bitch is not to move, I'm back in two minutes." Ignacio not
only watched Samantha. He also groped, molested, pinched and touched Samantha
wherever he wanted. She felt his hands as they went under her skirt and fingered
her slit through the panties. She didn't move when they went under her blouse
where he massaged her tits and he was undoing the blouse when Pedro came back
with a bag in his hand. "Muchachos lets have fun with all these bitches but the
first thing we are going to do is to nail the big bitch."

Samantha thought they were going to rape her and in order to prevent them from
raping her daughters she silently accepted her fate.

Samantha didn't dare to resist when her skirt was taken off and she just
whimpered "NOOO' when somebody cut her panties away. She felt a hand cupping her
cunt when Pedro said. "I'm going to nail this bitch and with further ado he took
a hammer and a nail out of the bag and jammed a nail into her tongue nailing her
literally to the bar. The pain came so suddenly and so unexpected that Samantha
shrieked like a pig and trying to get away from the pain she tucked and jumped
from leg to leg only causing her more pain and finally pissing on herself.

The men greatly enjoyed the show whilst groping and stripping Mel and Jenny,
these two were too shocked to resist. Sam tried with both hands to get the nail
out of her tongue but it was to well driven in and any effort was hopeless.
Pedro positioned himself next to Sam and started spanking her rhythmically. His
big hand crashed on her firm ass but his fingertips whipped also her cunt. The
group applauded and cheered and went on groping the younger women. Sam's cunt
was moistening even she denied it to herself. Mel was horrified. Hold naked
between two men she couldn't prevent them from touching her. One of them had
started finger fucking her and most to her disgust her body was getting aroused,
the other one groped her tits and ass making lewd remarks.

Jenny's fate was even worse cause her captors had taken out their tools and
whilst heavily petting her they forced her to touch them, any hesitation in this
aspect got her another nipple-pinching.

"Don't you mind, Mister" asked Pedro looking at Tim with his erect dick pointing
at Sam and without awaiting an answer he penetrated her hard and started raping
her with a rhythmic movement. He slapped her ass with his big hands whilst
liming her cunt with his enormous cock. "Bitches" grunted Pedro looking back at
the daughters "start fucking my guys or I nail you to the bar by a nipple."
Jenny, the older one started stroking one offered cock with more enthusiasm,
than she fall on the flour and opened her legs. Mel wasn't asked; she just noted
a dick from behind between her nether lips before it was deep into her.

Tim thought of himself he was the biggest, most perverted pig on earth when he
started to touch his pulsing, hard penis. How on earth could he get excited by
seeing how his whole family was getting raped?

Pedro thoroughly fucked Sam, who was still trying to get the nail out of her
tongue. Pedro's both hands mauled her tits and when he finally came the final
stroke made her come too, to her utter humiliation. Naked and nailed by her
tongue and standing in a puddles of her own piss she was coming in front of her
husband, fucked by another man. Pedro loudly offered the now vacant and leaping
hole to one of his buddies and went over to talk to Tim.

"Mister" he said you are our friend and I hope you'll let us in whenever we ring
at your door. Tim just nodded still trying to hide his erection, but Pedro saw
it and holding him by the wrist he asked him; "Which bitch do you prefer the
blonde, the black or the big one."

Tim looked at the 'bitches'. Mel was on her fours with one guy fucking her mouth
and another one her cunt. Jennifer was squatting on a naked Mexican's cock with
a standing man over them making her perform orally, and Samantha still nailed by
her tongue standing in her piss was being fucked by a fat, old guy. "No, please,
let us go, we are not going to tell..." The revolver man than aimed his crotch
and Pedro added: "You use it or you lose it" He decided to use it fucking his
wife, but he didn't use her abused sex, he fucked her into the ass, hard, with
hate. She had never agreed to it and now he took her, in front of these guys and
especially in front of her daughters. He knew that after today his marriage as
he had known it, was over, so, what the hell...

Pedro applauded his action and once he finished he ordered the blonde bitch to
crawl over and lick him clean. Jenny did as she was told and sucked on her
stepfather's dick noting he was getting excited once more. Mel wouldn't forget
this picture in her whole life; there in front of her, her nude sister was
sucking their father's penis and next to them her naked mother stood nailed by
her tongue offering her cum-dripping cunt and ass to any abuse. She herself was
on her fours getting a thoroughly fucking from a man she not even remembered his
face. Jenny was not allowed to stop and Tim realized he was going to cum into
his daughter's mouth, he tried to stop himself but the idea was so exciting that
few minutes later he took with both hands Jenny's head exploded into her mouth.



Two hours after Tim's performance, the whole group of Mexicans were exhausted.
They had fucked the three girls in every possible way.

Now it was Miss Hong's turn. Just after Tim finished she had closed the bar and
enjoyed the show slightly fingering herself. Now she was sitting in a chair with
wide spread legs, her piercing items next to her on a table and openly touching
herself.

"Big bitch, now I'm going to withdrew the nail and you are going to fall on your
fours and crawl over to Miss Hong for her to disinfect your dirty tongue and put
a nice ring into it, understood?" Pedro underlined his question with a hard slap
on her abused ass. "Iiess" answered Sam hoping her nightmare was over. Her
tongue was so sore she didn't feel nothing when the nail came out. Humiliated
and on all fours she crawled to Miss Hong where she was told to kneel with her
knees apart and once more show her tongue. Miss Hong started disinfecting her
tongue meanwhile she introduced the tip of her shoe into Sam's offered sex. Mel
and Jenny were also told to kneel in the same way and to observe what was
happening to her mother.

After finishing the disinfecting, she got a ring into her tongue than  Miss Hong
asked one of the guys to clean up the big bitch, cause she wanted to finish her
work on the younger bitches.

Twenty minutes later a showered, cunt-shaved and deeply humiliated Samantha was
led out of the restrooms by a leash attached to her new tongue-ring. The
panorama she found wasn't comforting. Jenny was naked, kneeling on a table with
wide spread knees and a coca-cola bottle deep in her sex. From her nipples hung
two small golden rings. She wore another, bigger one, through her nasal septum.

Melanie was on her fours wearing a dog collar attached by a chain. She, too, was
naked with a nose ring and even Sam couldn't see it, she  wore another new ring,
through her clit.

Tim was once more erect, but this time he didn't hide it away, he was even
looking forward to fucking them again.

The three of them looked at her mother when she was led in. It was quite a sight
the full frontal view of this big, pretty woman, naked, in black boots, with a
bald cunt and a ring through her outstretched tongue, led in by a small, dark
man holding a leash.

They made Sam stand with her hands behind and parted legs between Mel, still on
her fours, and Jenny's table.

"My dear bitches" started Pedro "I've assumed the responsibility of taming
you'll have to learn one and only one simple rule: You are no longer human! You
have no rights and no dignity and any of us or any human being at all is allowed
to make free use of you, order you around, molest you, fuck you silly or punish
and even slaughter you. You are not allowed to talk if not asked by a human and
if you dress it should enhance and not hide your bitch-in-heat-bodies. I will
tame, train and torture you today and if you learn fast perhaps I'll let you go
back home if not...... well, I wouldn't hate to slaughter you, not at all." He
said the last "you", slowly fingering Samantha's slit and deeply looking into
her eyes. Samantha knew he meant her to be slaughtered and she decided not let
it happen. The first step of taming was done.

"Black bitch, crawl to your father and ask him to fuck you" Mel didn't move.
Ssswwwapp. AAAAAAhhhhhhyyyyy. The belt fully hit her ass. Mel crawled to her
father. "No, please, pleeaaase," she whimpered" don't make me ask for it..."
Ssswwwapp. AAAAAAhhhhhhyyyyy, this time the belt came down on her back. " Daddy
can you please ...... nooo", Ssswwwapp. AAAAAAhhhhhhyyyyy. Ssswwwapp.
AAAAAAhhhhhhyyyyy "fuck me, Daddy fuck me." She cried in agony. The end of the
belt had viciously lapped her tits" Tim didn't hesitate and in the twinkling of
an eye he was on his daughter vigorously fucking her.

Pedro went on giving orders. "Big bitch lick the pussy of the blonde bitch"
Samantha knew she had to do it. Carefully she took the bottle out of her
daughter's swollen sex, than she made Jenny sit on the edge of the table and
finally she buried her face into her daughter's crotch and started licking it.
"Big bitch make her come in 3 min. or she gets a pierced clit. Sam frenziedly
tried to make her daughter come. With her ringed tongue she licked Jenny's
labia, sucked on her clit, fucked her with her tongue and nose but Jenny's cunt
was too sore to let her come. Tim was still bumping Melanie when he heard Pedro
saying the three minutes were over. "No, please, don't pierce her" cried Sam.
Ssswwwapp. AAAAAAhhhhh, the belt hit her right thigh letting a big red mark.
"Stupid bitches, you'll never learn not to talk nor to refuse. Miss Hong,
please, proceed." Four men took Jenny and forced her spread-eagled on the table.
Miss Hong stripped and ordered Sam under the table to service her "Meanwhile I
adorn your daughter, you should be grateful, you bitch" added Miss Hong. Jenny
shrieked like a dying pig when the needle passed through her most sensible spot,
Miss Hong came into Sam's mouth and so did Tim into Melanie. Pedro then ordered
Mel to suck Tim clean and Jenny and Sam to switch places. Sam came out from
under the table and in an attack of panic she tried to run away. In her mad run
she picked up a chair and threw it against a window, breaking it. Than naked
with only her boots on she run for her life along the road. Miguel y Paco the
two motorcyclists of the group also jumped out of the window and got their
vehicles. They enjoyed hunting Samantha, the sight of a naked running woman, in
boots, appealed to them. Twice a car past by and cheered and tooted the horn but
they didn't bother to stop. In the second car a teenager even got a photo out of
the rear window of a naked, bald-cunted and sweating Samantha. Miguel overtook
Sam and kicked her into the ass, she stumbled and fall on the grass, near the
road. Paco tied a rope round her neck and Miguel tied her hands with a long
shoelace, then he passed it between her legs, made it cut deep into her shaven
sex and finally knotted it to her tongue ring, painfully pulling her tongue out
and down. Like this she was forced to trot after Paco's motorbike, pulled by her
neck-rope. A bus with Japanese tourist neared from behind and all of them
cheered and took pictures of a deeply ashamed Samantha. The bus driver slowed
down and allowed his guests to admire the bizarre picture. Only when they
arrived again "The Fallen Angel" the bus tooted and drove away.

The hunting lasted 30 min. in which Tim was shown how to behave with his
bitch-daughters. When the hunters arrived with an exhausted Sam, Jennifer and
Melanie were squatting in front of Sam's husband with far apart knees and the
hands like a begging dog. Tim threw a shoe into one corner and shouted 'fetch'
and his both daughter run on their fours trying to get the shoe. It was Mel who
got it and brought it back to Tim carrying it in her mouth. Jenny got a spanking
on her purple ass. She cried and begged as Juan's hand rhythmically applied her
sanction.

Pedro grinned when he saw Sam and he took the rope from his man and ordered
Samantha to climb on a table. Then he also climbed on it and attached it to the
roof's main beam, forcing Samantha to stand on her tip toes. Jenny and Mel were
once again squatting in front of a sitting Tim who with each hand fondled their
offered cunts. He ordered them to get out his cock and start sucking and both
women literally fought for this privilege. Sam, on the other side, couldn't care
less. She looked at her husband and her performing daughters with a hurting cunt
and a painfully stretched tongue and was sure they were going to hang her.

"Mr. Tim" started Pedro "I see you have learned how to manage your younger
bitches, but I've still my doubts with the big one. I would like to offer you an
agreement. We now let you go and do not hang the big bitch. If, once home, the
big bitch performs right everything will be fine, if not, we'll have a big party
and hang the three of them. And I tell you we are going to observe and proof
your bitches and we also expect to get a regular feedback from you. Tim looked
at Sam and at his daughters and spoke freely for the first time of his married
life. "Mr. don't worry I'm sure these stupid cunts have learned their lesson and
if not I'll ask you to teach them again. The first thing I'm going to do when we
arrive home is to invite my buddies to have a party. I'll expressly tell them to
feel free of taking and touching anything they like and I'm going to record it
on video for my own pleasure, for you to see it and as a weapon to blackmail
these filthy animals. In the next days I'll buy three cages to keep them at home
and of course the big bitch is getting a pierced clit, without anesthesia. I'll
inform Jenny's and Mel's school mates of their new condition and will ask them
for reports. I'll also invite Sam's work colleagues home to explain them the
free fuck she now is. I hope they will also help me in her education and permit
me to dress her like a slut." Talking this way he was again erect and he ordered
Jenny to fuck him. Whist fucking Jenny, he played with and pulled at her still
hurting nipple rings, then he ordered Mel to search a cock cause if she wasn't
fucking in two minutes he himself would punish her. As a final kick he asked
Pedro to remove the table Sam was standing on, to see her hanging and struggling
for air. "Not to kill her, just to have fun" he said. Tim hadn't fucked so much
in one day for years. He was surprised the stamina he still had, but even so it
took him 10 minutes of fucking his 18 year old daughter to come. Ten minutes in
which Sam nearly died. She kicked and struggled and pissed on herself, but for
no good. The noose got tighter and tighter and the air become fewer and fewer.
The shoelace cut merciless her cunt and her tongue was absolutely sore.



One hour later Tim and Pedro shook hands like good friends. They had exchanged
addresses and phone numbers. Behind Tim stood his fresh showered family. Sam was
naked with only her boots on and her hands tied behind. She would ride the rest
of the journey in the trunk.

Jenny and Mel were dressed without underwear, both wearing a dog collar. Tim
ordered them to say goodbye to these gentleman and the three women were once
more fondled, kissed and molested, but this time they didn't argue. This was the
first day of their new life.

The end.    




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Woolfighter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





