BDSM Library - Pursuit of Misery




Pursuit of Misery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive woman embraces and pursues her masochism to its fullest extent, in all it forms including physically, emotionally and socially.
The following story is COPYRIGHTED. The author, CRUDEDUDE, reserves all rights
to this work. It may be freely distributed online, posted and archived
electronically, only in its entirety, including all header material. It may not
be changed or altered without the authors permission. It may not be sold in
whole or in any part, or as part of an electronic document, printed material,
voice recording or any other manner without proper copyright clearances being
obtained from the author.


This story was actually written about a year ago as a rough draft for an s&m
novel. However I am a busy man and lack the time, patience and motivation to
write a novel. I realize that the are spelling and grammatical errors that my
spell check did not weed out. Deal with it. I am in the process of writing my
second story and would like a female sub or slave to start proofreading my work.
Those subs or slaves that are interested should email me, as should anyone with
comments or feedback. Enjoy perverts.




Pursuit of Misery

Prologue of a Masochist

Michelle was a pure masochist. She's been that way as long as she could
remember. When she was young she would play with cuts and bruises trying to make
them hurt worse. She would tear her scabs off healing wounds, and try to get
them infected. She'd walk barefoot on hot sand and pavement and scorch the
bottoms of her feet. As she reached her pubescent years she entered a new level
of depravity in her self inflictions. She was attractive and intelligent, and
she never quite understood why, but she had a constant desire to be in pain, or
discomfort. As she approached her late teens she made sure that desire was
filled everyday, usually by her own infliction. She tried a multitude of
tortures on herself. She pulled her own hair, and then proceeded to pluck hairs
from her head one by one. She spent hours keeping her twat hairless, by plucking
each hair with tweezers. She would bite her lip until it bled. She would slap
her own face, tits, ass and cunt. She would pinch her nipples and clit, twisting
, turning and digging in her nails often until they bled. She hated herself and
she punished herself daily because of it. No one ever realized she had, a
problem, not teachers or counselors, and certainly not her neglectful parents.
But she was smart, and she knew how to hide her injuries and self punishments.
So when she cut herself with razors and knifes, no one saw the cuts on her
thighs, tits, pussy, and even the bottoms of her feet. No one knew that her cunt
and ass were bleeding and raw from having fucked herself with large rough
objects like broom handles. She was convinced she has splinters up both her
holes, so she became a little more carful in what she fucked herself with, not
for herself, but because  she thought guys might  hurt their dicks if she had
too many broken off splinters in her holes. But Michelle came to a point in her
life where physical suffering wasn't enough. She hated herself and wanted to 
suffer abject misery. She wanted her life to be a living hell. She was a much an
emotional and social masochist as much as she was a physical one. She didn't
have any friends and didn't deserve any. The girls she hung around with in
school were arrogant selfish birches that took advantage of her. She would do
their homework for them, give them her lunch money, and run errands for them.
They talked down to her and generally treated her like shit, especially when it
became clear that shw wasn't going to do a thing about it. The boys she sought
out were no different . There were no nice guys for Michele. She never really
had a boyfriend in high school, just a slew of guys that knew they could take
advantage of her. A couple of the guys even figured out that the worse they
treated her, the more she gave back. These were her favorites. She did their
home work, wrote their papers, sucked their dicks and took cock or whatever else
they stuck in her holes, all without complaint or reciprocation of any kind.
They didn't get her off and never tried. Even so there were a few occasions when
being roughly fucked, that out of pure sexual build up and frustration she
almost came. In those situations she would pull her legs back in a painful
manner, or try in someway to increase her pain and discomfort until the pending
orgasm passed. The thug on top of her drilling her fuckholes, had no idea the
effort she went through to deny herself any pleasure from the fucking. They were
all one sided relationships, she did all the giving and they did all the taking,
and she wouldn't have wanted it any other way. After reaching puberty she and
gotten herself off a couple times by masturbation. Since then she hasn't allowed
herself any relief. She will still masturbate, usually in some painful degrading
way, but she never allows herself to orgasm. It is one of her favorite forms of
self denial. You see to michelle its important that she denies herself all the
pleasure life has to offer. And She is compulsively obsessive about finding even
small ways to hurt herself or deny herself pleasures. It started somewhat
innocently, she'd pick out the itchy sweater or panties to wear. Uncomfortable
bras and shoes became a daily event. She pull her hair back in a tight ponytail
that gave her a headache. She's choose bras that didn't fit right, and were too
small and very uncomfortable. Panties were itchy and ran up her crack. People in
shoe stores might have thought she was an typical ordinary bitch trying on
dozens of heels. Little did they know that the only reason she spent so much
time there was not to find shoes, she like, but rather ones she didn't , SO she
tried on 40 pairs of high heels at 5 different stores and only choose the ones
that were the most uncomfortable to walk and stand in. Then she would buy them a
couple of sizes too small. Usually they were also the most expensive. If they
were on sale she would come back later and pay full price. Michelle didn't want
discounts, or special treatment of any kind. Shw wanted to be taken advantage
of, in every way. So when she was offered a discount for spending so much, she
declined it. When she was told something was going on sale next week, she buy
them now. If a salesperson, was rude to her she make sure and seek out that one
everytime. If a waitress or waiter was rude and did a poor job, she's leave an
extra big tip. And so it became that by the time she reached college, there's
was no decision Michelle made that wasn't designed in some way to deny herself
pleasure or cause pain and discomfort.



It was important to realize that michelle dint tell people about her desires or
self loathing. They simply thought she was a shy naive bitch who didn't know how
to stand up for herself. Instead she sought out manipulators and abusers. She
was actually excellent at spotting and finding both men and women who would take
advantage of her. And then she would slowly and subtlety manipulate them into
treating her like shit. Because that's what she wanted. She didn't want respect
of appreciation or kindness, and she certainly didn't want to be loved. She knew
how to pick out the macho assholes cheating on their wives and girlfriends, the
ones that didn't have any respect for women and some that down right hated them.
These are the men that she gave herself too and slaved for. These were the men
that actually got bored of using and degrading her, so low was their opinion of
her that they dumped her when they tired of her.




Chapter 1

A Shitty New Job



Michelle was in college now. Unlike most people who go to college to better
themselves, or to have a good time, michelle had only enrolled to further
increase her misery. She had no grandiose plans of getting a degree landing some
six figure job, and living a life of luxury. She fully intended to work bull
shit minimum wags jobs the rest of her pathetic life. She simply wanted to make
sure that she was saddled with expensive loans that she would spend the rest of
her miserable life paying back. She researched the classes and professors, only
to make sure she enrolled in the toughest classes with the most demanding
professors. She had no intention of finishing any degree, only to rack up as
much debt ad possible, then she would drop out. Even now as she applied for her
bullshit waitress job, she didn't even mention that she was in college. She had
several job interviews of course only so she could pick the job, she would hate
most to work at. That job, ended up being, in shitty part of town just a few
miles off the college campus. Joes it was called. She had heard a rumor that the
owner was a real jerk, so she went to apply there. It was a dive with a crappy
menu of overpriced garbage. The patrons were the kind of people you'd expect to
find in a dive like this on the shit side of town. Michelle cunt wetted  at
thought of slaving 40 or 50 hours a week in a shithole like this. Joe himself
lived up to his reputation.

"Hey Joe some bitch here wants to see you", the idiot waiter called to Joe,
thinking michelle out of ear shot.

What's she want?"

"I don't know, she's kind of hot though"

With that Joe came out of the kitchen His 45yr old fat greasy bossy looked all
the more so with his dirty food and grease stained apron.

Whatcha want little girl"

Please sir, I need a job, I was hoping I could work here.

Huh, you gots any waitress experience?"

No sir, but I'm a real hard worker and I'm willing to do whatever it takes to
work here. It was a lie, she had waitressed before but she thought it better for
them to take advantage of her if they thought she was desperate and lacked any
experience.

Hmph, alright, go talk to beetrice, she's the office manager. She does all the
hiring and firing.

Michelle stood waiting  15 minutes in her uncomfortable high heels.  for the
bitch beetrice to come interview her.

Beetrice appeared to be in her mid thirties, and short black hair and permanent
frown and gave off an instant aura of bitchiness.

"Can I help you"

"Yes maam I here to apply for a job"

"were night hiring right now.

"Oh, please I and heard you were and I really need a job. Please, I'm a very
hard worker.



"Hmph, come this way." Beetrice took michelle into an office room.

"Do you have any serving experience. Michelle laughed in her mind. She had been
serving others her whole life.

No Maam, but I'm a real hard worker and I'm willing to do whatever it takes to
work here? I"ll even work free for a little while to show you I can do a good
job.

Beetrice eyebrows raised at this. Then she looked down at began writing on the
papers she was holding. Beetrice had been trying to find ways to cut costs at
the diner, especially labor costs.

"Alright I'll make you a deal. You waitress here for a week for no pay, and if
you do a good job, I"ll talk to joe about hiring you on.

Oh thank you miss beetrice. Please can I work for two weeks, I want o make sure
I can prove myself to you..

Beetrice again raised her eyebrows and began writing. "All right then two weeks,
no pay. Keep in mind I'm not promising you a job, afterwards, that will depend
on your performance. If I decide to give you a job. Standard pay is two dollars
and hour. You make the rest off your tips. DO you understand?

"Yes maam"

"Good" We do pay, current college students an extra 50 cents an hours, but I
don't presume your one of them."

"michelle crotch wettend as the bitch talked down to her. It was perfect she
already thought poorly of her and was giving her shit. "No maam, I'm not bright
enough to go to college" But please maam I"ll even work for a dollar fifty if
you give me a chance.

The bitch beetrice seemed to nod in agreement. She continued writing wordlessly
for a couple of minuted ignoring michelle.

Alright her is your employment contract. I assume you can read, so do it and if
you have no questions sign the bottom.

Micelle read the simple work agreement. It stated that she would work for two
weeks no pay so that they could appraise her performance. After which it would
be their decision whether or not to keep her on. If they did extend her
employment she would be pain a dollar fifty an hour. She would remain on
probation indefinitely and could be fired at any time for any reason. There were
no benefits dental, medical or otherwise. She would get no sick  or vacation
days. And she would work a 50 hour work week, her schedule to be determined a
week in advance. Lastly she had to give a month's notice before quitting or they
would keep any outstanding paychecks

Michelle began signing the agreement. "oh thank miss beetrice I wont let you
don't.

Beetrice grabbed the contract form Michele. Alright you start monday morning be
here at 8"00

"yes maam"




Chapter 2

The Shitty Apartment





As Michelle walked home from her successful job interview she thought about her
life. Here she was a 19yr old pathetic whore whose only passion in life was to
make her self miserable. All future goals or plans revolved around that. No
decisions were mad without first making sure they cause or difficulty or at the
very least inconvenience. This new job would cause her lots of problems. She
would miss many of her classes because of it, making school that much harder.
She smiled to herself thinking about how much her feet already hurt. Anyone's
would simply standing in these four inch stiletto heels that were uncomfortable
by design, and doubly so since michelle had gotten them two sizes two small. She
had too walk three miles to her job, and now had another three back. And She
would be making this trip almost everyday. Compound that with having o waitress
for 10 hours in them. Michelle denied herself the privilege of a car. She was
just a cunt and should have to walk everywhere she goes. If ever she had to go
really far, she would to find another way, which was also fine, since she
enjoyed having problems. She smiled to herself as she thought about how most
people would make sure to wear comfy shoes in her situations. She of course
wouldn't and purposely had none. All she wore was stiletto high heels, all
minimum three inches, all uncomfortable to simply stand in let alone walk in. In
fact none of her clothes were comfortable. She had made appoint a couple years
ago to throw out anything comfy or slightest bit enjoyable to wear. Her entire
wardrobe, which was pretty, small since she didn't feel she really deserved one,
was chosen for its discomfort. This is not always easy to do in clothes, as most
clothes are designed to well and feel good. But with some creativity, she
managed to buy incorrect sizes, and materials that were cheap or irritating to
her skin to complete her wardrobe. And if anything looked too good on her she
wouldn't get. Only clothes that looked cheap and trashy were acceptable. She
wanted people, especially guys to look at her and think fucktoy. It was
important that they never had respect for her, that they thought poorly of her
from the start. She would of course do her part to encourage them to degrade her
anyway, but the more things about her that said "whore" the more likely she
would attract guys who would  trat her like one. You see michelle decided a bout
a year ago that one of her primary goals was to find a truly self centered
egotistical arrogant unfaithful, womanizing, woman hating  stupid ugly son of
bitch with nothing to offer who she could completely devout herself too and in
return her he would use and abuse her, take advantage of her any every way
possible and otherwise treat her worse then dog shit on the bottom of his shoe.
This was her dream man. Until Mr awful came along she would have to be just be
content being used by anyone that wanted her.

As michelle approached her apartment she could see the decrepit building a few
blocks away. When she first came down to college she searched hard to find the
crappiest apartment. Many of the tenants were from HUD and paid nothing or only
a nominal rent. Michelle pays 600 a month. The rent was only 400  but she
pleaded how bad she wanted to stay there, and the landlord was only to nice to
increase her rent to 500, and then , he bumped it up a couple more times as she
continued to assure him how much sh loved the place. To any ones standards but a
hobos, it was a dump. There was no air conditioning and the place sweltered and
stunk in the summer. She found out in the winter that the heat didn't always
work either. On the initial walkthrough she had noticed a musty stench
throughout the apartment. By the time she walked though the living area into the
bedroom, she saw a couple of roaches, several spiders an webs, and one mouse.
There was mold in serval places ,especially in the bathroom. Nobody had bothered
to even try and clean this place for a showing. It was dark and decrepit. And It
was perfect for her. She deserved to live in filth and pay a premium price for
it. She had signed the lease that day.



She walked up the dimly lit three flights of stairs to her apartment. Several
babies could be heard crying from various apartments. She went into her
apartment near exhaustion. She felt like collapsing on the floor and sleeping
for a couple of years. OF course even though she had nothing to do she wouldn't
allow herself.




Chapter  3

Exercising for Pain





Michelle walked through her apartment towards her bathroom. She also most
tripped a few times in her heels on the uneven and cracked wooden floor boards.
There was a fine layer of dust of much or the floor and walls. The apartment was
kept bare. Michelle didn't allow herself any entertainment. Belongings had to be
absolute necessity or had to be something that would further her debasement or
misery. Someone just visiting the apartment might think michelle was just moving
in or out given the lack of furnishings. The living room had nothing but an old
couch and a tv/vcr combo. The bedroom had a small dresser and a mattress on the
floor. The bathroom had a cabinet that contained michelle makeup and hygiene
products. She stumbled her way to the bathroom to reapply her make up> she
wasn't planning on going anywhere, but she was a whore, and her face should
always painted like one. It didn't take long, cause she didn't actually wear
allot. What she did wear was ti make her look cheap and trashy. She looked into
her cabinet mirror with the large crack running through it and began putting on
her bright red lipstick. The lipstick had a horrible flavor to it which is the
other reason she wore it. She ran it across her tongue a few times before
bathing her lips in it. Next was eyeshadow. A bright tartish blue all around her
eyes. This brand was chosen because it irritated her eyes mor then the other
brands. She stuck the brush into each corner of her eye when done. Her eyes
Immediately began to sting and water. Teary eyed sh put on a fine layer of
mascara. She had been delighted when she found that this brand caused her face
to itch after a period of time. It was now her favorite mascara. Looking like a
whore who quickly applied make up between johns, she then went into her living
room to begin exercises on the hard wooden floor. She exercised at least once
every day, often times more. 100 squats, 100 situps, 100 crunches, 100 leg lifts
each leg, 50 push ups, an I full hour of stretching that included leg splits,
Chinese and American, back bends, and a few other painful stretches. She's
practice putting her wrists together up behind her back, and putting both her
legs behind her head, and various other painful poses she's seen in bondage
magazines and videos. Finally she was ready for her aerobic exercises. No fancy
gyms or parks for michelle. She wen into her bedroom and stripped off her blouse
and bra, then stripped off her skirt and panties. The large dildo that had been
buried in her cunt this whole time finally had to come out. But the equally
large butt plug could stay in. Finally she sat down and took off her heals. She
tried running in them before and just couldn't keep from falling, so now she
only ran barefoot. She attached mouse traps to each or her nipples, twat lips
and clit. Then 3 larger mouse traps wit one pounds weights were attached to
various places in her long golden blond hair. Each trap had a  one pound weight
hanging from it. She then walked barefoot across the rough wooden floor to the 
spot with the most cracks and began her 200 jumping jacks. It was an awkward and
painful procedure with the traps and weights. Michelle nipples and cunt felt
like they were going to be ripped off after only 20. The mousetraps to her hair
was a recent addition she had thought up to make aerobic exercise more difficult
and painful. Her head was being yanked by her hair and different directions each
time she jumped. The huge butt plug in her ass hardly fazed her anymore, so use
to it she had become. But she couldn't seem to get used to having a full
bladder. And jumping up and down when you have to piss is a torture michelle
loved. She had to piss since she got up this morning, but she only allowed
herself to shit an piss once a day. And for michelle that was at night right
before bed and not a moment sooner. Each day michelle, all day long michelle
felt that burning need to piss. She reminded herself how bad it was for her
kidneys as she jumped. She woke up most mornings having to piss anyway, but
michelle decide to make sure that she'd always carry around a full bladder. She
drank to four  full glasses of water right before bed, and another  four as soon
as she got up.

After about 70 jumping jacks she snagged her barefoot on the floor, it her stung
terribly everytime she jumped down on it, but when wasn't about to stop now.
Only 130 more jumps and then a half hour of running in place then she would be
done. This wasn't the first time she'd cut her foot here or gotten splinters, in
fact its why she always did her aerobic exercises that part of the floor .
Finally she was done and walked over to the bathroom mirror to view herself. She
looked like a whore who's just been beat up. She had a bruise on her left cheek
from one of the weights, her makeup was all smeared, she had tear marks down her
face, her nipples and cunt were blue, and her foot was bleeding. She took all
the mouse traps off , the ones in hair, always manger to rake some hair with
them. Pain shot threw her tits and cunt and the blood rushed back in. She cupped
her crotch and put her arm against her tits, in reaction to the wincing pain,
but would provide her self no rubbing relief. She sat her bare ass down on her
filthy cold toilet to look at her foot, there was a jagged splinter a half an
inch long sticking out of her heel. Were it smaller she would have left, but she
couldn't realistically walk around with this sticking out of her foot. She
thought about breaking ir off in her foot and decide that's what shed do. She
pull up on the splinter and snapped back leaving part of it in her foot. If it
caused to much pain or got too infected she would just have to dig it out with a
needle she told herself.




Chapter 4

The Worst Boyfriend









Michelle finally removed her butt plug and used the toilet. She was at first
somewhat concerned about stretching out her ass, by always wearing a plug, but
then she liked the idea of ruining her body, especially one of her fuck holes.
It made it easier for guys to fuck her there, and she would just have to
apologize for being too loose and try and make it up to them. The piss was one
of the very few pleasures michelle allowed herself, and she really only did that
out of necessity. It took her almost a full minute to empty her bladder. She
rarely had a bowl movement, mainly cause barely ate. Anorexia was an important
part of her lifestyle. Most guys wanted a skinny bitch and it was her job to
starve herself for them. She only ate every couple days, and barely anything
when she did. The lack of nutrition kept her tired and fatigued all the time,
but the only thing that mattered to her was that she maintained the kind of body
guys wanted to fuck. The constant hunger pains weren't as bad as when she
started starving three years ago, but remained nevertheless. She forbade herself
to actually eat anything she liked. No more pizza, tacos, cheeseburgers, or any
of the numerous tasty foods she had when she was younger. She only ate things
that made her want to retch, spinach, raw foods, nasty smelling cheeses, even
slightly spoiled or molded foods. At best the food should provide no flavor, if
not an unpleasant one. She made sure that she took no pleasure from eating, it
was to be in fact another way that she could punish herself. This of course made
her anorexia much easier. She was 5,9" and 112lbs. Her ideal weight she decided
was 90lbs. She new she could not reach that weight, and that was the point. She
had a narrow waist and her body was slender throughout. She had flirted with the
idea of corseting her already narrow waist down  even further, but hadn't got to
it yet. Her tits were actually a nice b cup. They had been a c cup when she was
a more normal weight, but that was the price she had to pay. She apologized to
every guy that fucked her for having small tits. She fully intended to subject
herself to large implants dd's or larger, but was wanting for that special dick
that would force her to get them. Until then she would just have to keep
apologizing and  make it up to guys in other ways. After finishing on the toilet
she dushed both her holes, something she did every night, and gargled. She then
turned the knob on the shower all the way, cold of course. She immediately
stepped into the forceful freezing stream and began shuddering. She made no
attempt to cross her arms and instead made sure that the water hit every of her
body. Her showers were to last at least 15 minutes and she never allowed herself
anything other then a hard forceful stream of cold water. After letting her skin
suffer for a few minutes she began washing her hair, and then grabbed the brillo
pad of the back of the toilet, dumped some dishwashing detergent on it  and
began vigoursly scrubbing her body, paying extra attention to her fact, tits,
and cunt. By the time she stepped out her skin was raw, red and cold all over.
No towel, she always air dried. The only time she ever took a warm shower, was
when she was with a guy. And that was purely so she could wash and suck him, and
so he could fuck her. Cold, sore, tired and hungry, she waddled to the kitchen.
She took a dirty glass and drank four full glasses of the nasty tap water. God
knows what was in ti to make it taste that bad, but then again that's why liked
it. She plopped herself down onto her dirty twin mattress and grabbed her
paddle. One day she would have a sadistic man to discipline her like this, but
right now it was up to her. 50 swats hard swats on her tits, ass, and cunt. More
if she felt she deserved it. Each one hurt, but she never let up on herself. In
truth she was probably meaner and harder on herself then anyone else. The
inflicted parts were red and quite sore with some mild bruising., just as they
should be. She looked at the clock and began reaching for her penis gag, when
she heard pounding at her door. Naked she got up and went into the living room.
The pounding continued, "let me in bitch". It was Tom. Tom was her "boyfriend".
Well not really, he already had a girlfriend, but its  long story. She had met
him at a dance bar. She dresses like a slut and goes and struts on the dance
floor, not to have fun really, but to put on a show for the men. It also
provides her for an opportunity to get groped and harassed, and to in general
meet men that will use her. That's how she met Tom. He was heavily drunk and
kept grabbing her tits and ass and saying dirty things to her many of which
didn't even make sense. In many cases his behavior  it would have gotten him
thrown out, but in this case it got him a blow job in the back alley behind the
joint. Michelle knelt bare kneed in the dirty alley as he grabbed her hair and
fucked her face, all the while telling her what a slut and whore she was.. By
the hair he held her in close as he came gaging her while he shot his load down
her throat. He pushed her of him laughing and zipping himself up. She had
swallowed most of his cum as she should, but some had gotten on her face and
shirt. She made no attempt to wipe it off. "Was that good sir"? "yea bitch it
was ok. Well, I gotta get going, later, he said backing and turning to walk
away. Wait" she yelled, can I please have your number? Yea, I guess. She had
called him the next day, telling him hoe much fun she had, and hoping he would
consider being with her again. Realizing what a ho, she was he quickly began
taking advantage of her. Their next "date" involved her walking to hi place wear
he brutally fucked all her holes. She sucked his dick several times, and licked
his balls, feet and ass. She gave him a massage afterwards and he whipped her
ass with his belt after she suggested that she wasn't trying hard enough to
please him. The "date ended with her cleaning up his apartment and walking home.
She opened the door for him and he barged in shutting the door behind him.. What
the fuck took you so long cunt? I'm sorry sir. What a fucking a dumb, he said
looking around. In point of fact he said that every time he came here. She
wasn't sure if he didn't remember or he just like telling her. He turned to her
with one of his sadistic cocky grins and with one hand grabbed her face and
slammed her head against the wall. One of his dirty fingers was shoved  in her
mouth and she began sucking on it. It tasted of grease and dirt, so she worked
to clean it. What the fuck you doing tonight bitch? "nothing sir she murmured
around his finger. Slamming her head against the wall gain he removed his hand
and glared at her naked body. Yea, how come your naked then slut? I was just
about to got to bed sir? Yea? He grabbed her with one hand by the throat and
tilted her back and he shoved his mouth to hers. She opened wide for him as he
shoved his tongue into her mouth. He reeked of alcohols as he almost always did.
She was pretty sure he did some drugs too, but it wasn't her place to ask him.
He tongued her mouth for about her minute all the while holding her throat and
then grabbing , squeezing and twisting her tits. She moaned into his mouth. He
pulled away from her, grabbed her hair and pulled her to her knees in front of
him. He held her by  a fist full of hair as she dutifully undid his pants and
pulled out his cock and balls. She began licking, but it was never long before
he began face fucking her. This seemed to be his preferred method of oral. She
arched her throat back to give him maximum entrance as she choked on his dick.
She crossed her hands behind her back as he fucked her throat she they wouldn't
get in the way, and so she wouldn't inadvertently try to slow the pace. He was
brutal with her and not very coordinated probably cause he was usually drunk.
She did what she could to make it easier for him . He sent the pace and
completely controlled the activities. All pleasure was centered around him, and
it was her job to please ans satisfy him. He seemed to generally like to hurt
and degrade her and of course this suited her just fine. He really like to shove
his cock all the way in so her lips were pressed against his sweaty matt of
hair. He sometimes held her like that for what seemed like minutes. She almost
passed out more then once, nit that he noticed or cared. What was important was
that she never stopped thinking of his pleasure. Even while he choked her She
tried to use her throat, tongue and lips to massage and suck his dick. She would
even try to slip her tongue out and lick at his balls. It was important that she
only think of him and never herself. She reminded herself over and over that she
didn't deserve pleasure, and in fact she deserved to be treated like shit. After
fucking her face for several minutes he pushed her off hard enough that she feel
over. He grabbed a fistful of hair and he dragged her towards the bedroom. She
knew better then to walk, so she  tried crawling after him, but he was moving to
fast and so she was mostly dragged towards the bedroom scraping her knees and
hands on the hard wooden floor along the way. He gave her hair and extra hard
pull as he tried to slip her on the mattress. immediately she got into position
for him. She got on her sore knees, spread them wide, and used her hand to
spread her ass cheeks for him. Within seconds he took his hard cock covered in
her saliva and slammed it into her ass. She groaned and grunted in pain, and he
slammed into several times. She didn't' let go of her ass cheeks until he had
fully penetrated her, then she grabbed her golden blond hair into a ponytail
with one hand and held it behind her for him to grab. He yanked her head back
almost immediately and hard enough to make her dizzy. He held her that way as he
continued to saw in and out of her ass. She started squeezing and twisting her
tits and nipples, making sure to dig her nails in. She was carful not to support
herself with either arm, instead allowing her entire upper body to be supported
by her hair. IF he let go she would fall face first into the mattress and stay
that way until he yanked her up again. With one hand on her waist and the other
in her hair he drilled her for several minutes telling her what a stupid cunt
she was. She kept apologizing and telling him she would try harder to please
him. She tried to move her ass back equally hard to meet each trust. The pain
was immense and she was thankful for that. She was a cunt and a whore and she
deserved pain, especially during sex. Sex was for a man's pleasure and she
should take absolutely no pleasure from it. Just as he was entirely focused on
his pleasure so was she. He drilled her ass for 10 to 15 minutes before emptying
his load to the tune of "fucking bitch whore". He fell on top of her crushing
her and lay there for a few minutes. When her rolled off her onto his back he
barked at her to clean his cock. He didn't have to she always did after he used
her. She quickly nestled her face in his crotch and began to lick and suck his
cock  clean. There was blood  again this time. As always she licked his balls
and ass too, until he slapped her head and told her enough. "Yes sir" Is there
anything else your cunt can do for you" No bitch I'm trough with you for now. He
got up and did up his pants. And started walking towards her door. She crawled
as quickly as she could behind him. What time does Miss Stacey want me there
tomorrow sir" I don't know bitch ask her. What the fuck do I care? He slammed
the door behind her leaving her bleeding and bruised on the floor.




Chapter  5

Learning to be Docile







She was lucky, it was only 11:30. She might get a full nights sleep tonight. She
only allowed herself to sleep from 12:00-4:00. She was only half a person and so
only deserved half a nights reset. She kept herself perpetually exhausted from
lack of sleep. She only slept during those hours, so if she was out late or
couldn't sleep, that was tough, she would have to wait to sleep until the next
night. She had no idea Tom was coming by, and it didn't matter. If he kept her
up until 2:00 then she would only sleep from 2:00-4:00 This by far is one of the
hardest things she inflicts on herself, and it took great practice to get down
to four hours a night and still function. At first she would only deprived
herself an hour, then it was two, and so on. The point was a good nights rest
was just another pleasure in life that she forbade herself. She never woke
feeling refreshed or energized. Instead she always woke with a headache, feeling
sore and wanting desperately to go back to sleep. A few times she inadvertently
fell back asleep, and she punished herself severely for that. The alarm
announcing 4:00 always felt like an arrow riffling through her head. She lay for
a few seconds letting the alarm pound at her head. She sat up and looked int
other mirror next her mattress. Her face was bloated, her head arched back
slightly, a small bulge was visible I her throat. Her face was wet with her own
saliva. She unstrapped the penis gag from her head. And grabbed her dildo. It
was time for whore training. She covered the large dildo in her burning hot
pepper irritant, and slammed it into her cunt. It was not masturbation, that was
for pleasure. This was whore training. She crudely fucked the large piece of
rubber in and out of cunt, for 20 minutes. The point was to make sure that her
cunt was fucked and stretched every day. Her ass was next for another 20
minutes, then her throat again for 20. When she finished all 3 of her fuck holes
were sore and burning, and would remain that way over the next hour until the
irritant wore off. She drank her four glasses of icky water and then got out her
bdsm tapes and magazines. These were the only for form "entertainment michelle
allowed herself to have. There were no girly magazines or videos, she didn't
watch popular sitcoms or movies, just hardcore bdsm magazines and videos. They
were all very violent and degrading to women. The pictures and videos were all
of women being beaten, raped and tortured Michelle viewed them intently trying
to learn want men like and looking for new ways to inflict pain on herself
especially during sex. The articles discussed way to trick and take advantage of
women, how to cheat and not get caught, how to get your bitch to do everything
you want, etc. Michelle favorite mag preached extreme male superiority. It
taught that women were inferior bitches, here to be used and abused by men.
Michelle couldn't have agreed more. It provided tips for men, how to rape and
get away with it, how to sexually harass a woman, how to get her to do
everything for you and expect nothing back. The magazine always had a small page
for bitches that read the mag. Michelle was sure she was probably only one of a
few, cunts that read this magazine. The cunt corner provided instructions to
cunts on ways to submit themselves to their men. The topics ran the gambit and
included things like financial control, sexual control, activity control, etc. 
The articles gave instructions how women should behave and what the are required
to do for their man. There were also write in letters, Dear Ann type letters
supposedly from women. Michelle assumed they were fake, but they were her
favorite part anyway. One write in told her how she married a man who had date
raped her. She didn't love him and was never really even interested in him, but
thought that her chile should have a father. So she proposed to him. He refused
at first, and then only  after sexually abusing her several more times he greed
to it if she signed a prenuptial leaving him everything. She agreed. For the
next three years she waited on him hand and foot, and let him do anything he
wanted to her. She did everything she could to please him sexually, doing
everything he wanted anytime he wanted no matter how painful or degrading. He
cheated on her all the time and she never gave him any lip. She worked a full
time job and did all the housework, cooking, cleaning, while he sat on his ass
all day and spent her money on himself and other women. All her income was
deposited into his account and he didn't provide her any spending money, except
a small stipend for groceries. After slaving for him for three years he decided
that he was tired of her and could do better , and he told her that. She cried
and pleaded and begged him to stay, saying she try harder. He gave her two weeks
to shape up. The bitch was asking the magazine for advice on how to better
please and serve her man, and if she should just give up and find a new man to
serve cause she wasn't really happy with him. She complained that he never
showed her any kindness, never did anything nice for her, and never  showed her
any appreciation. . She new that women were weak inferior cunts, and deserved to
be taken advantage of, but she honestly didn't know what else she could do for
him. Even things like mowing the lawn, and shoveling the walk were her
responsibility. She tried to be understanding of all his needs, especially his
need to fuck other cunts. She just wishes he would occasionally utter her a kind
word, or to be a little lees violent and mean during sex, or not be so demanding
that she keep the house immaculate for him. The article was harsh with her and
quick to point out that she could not leave him. "A bitch never leaves her man
and will  serve him through any hardship. He however can dump her on a whim, and
when he demands her back, she must crawl back to him. If he does leave her it is
entirely her fault and she should only blame herself. The letter when on to
point out that she was right to blame herself. She was being selfish, her
happiness didn't matter in the slightest, only his did, and if he wasn't happy
with her, then she wasn't doing enough for him. The article demanded that she
try harder to do everything she could to please him for the next two weeks, It
reminded her that she was just a worthless fuckhole and lucky to have him. The
letter called her a whiny bitch and how dare she even complain. She should be
eternally grateful if he even sneezes in her direction. Michelle read the letter
roughly rubbing her clit and listening to the sounds of some screaming snatch
being beaten in one of her videos. She felt that building desire throughout her
whole body, the feeling of that wonder orgasm about to explode and end her long
endured sexual frustration. Just before the point of no return, she grabbed her
clit with her nails and pinched hard pulling and twisting until she screamed out
loud in pain. Another orgasm successfully denied. The frustration remained, her
sopping wet cunt, a testimony to her arousal. One of these days she was going to
take her self past the point of no return and accidently orgasm. She would have
to severely punish herself if that happened. Clit removal was something she
thought about regularly, but opted to keep it to further her desire and
frustration. Plus it was one of her favorite bitch parts to torture. Still she
dreamed of the day when some sadistic bastard would make her remove it. Blood
dripped from clit as she rubbed in the hot pepper sauce causing her to emit
another scream.




Chapter  6

Meeting Miss Stacey





Michelle was starving. She felt it more this morning then unusual. It was now
her forth day without eating. The scale flashed the results of 108. Not bad for
5'9" 1/2. She  never counted the extra half though. She stumbled her way to the
kitchen. Today's meal like always would be simple. There was a molding piece of
cheese, she didn't know or care what kind, and  a rotting piece of lettuce. She
grabbed the lettuce and began eating it. It tasted rancid. When finished she
grabbed the cheese and began choosing. This tasted far worse, and began to make
her feel sick. The urge to vomit grew as she took bites and chewed the hard
molded cheese. When  Michelle finished her meal she reached for the warm glass
of expired milk, that she had placed out last night. It had that going bad
flavor, which was only amplified by its warmth and the meal she had just eaten.
She gagged and she gulped down the nasty milk. It does a body good, she kept
telling herself, between gags. Finally she vomited a little into her hand. She
caught herself though and swallowed the rest back down. She dumped the puke in
her hand into the milk. She chocked down the remaining milk, with some
difficulty. Almost every gulp caused her to gag and almost retch. Michelle never
allowed herself to vomit, and when she did she forced herself to lick it up.
This was particularly difficult when she got sick. One time she had the flew for
about week and must of puked a dozen times. After trying She found herself to
sick to eat the puke, so she collected it in a bucket. The next week when she
felt better, she downed the entire bucket. There wasn't that much because she
had little in her stomach to begin with, but to her surprise it was much more
difficult to down cold puke. But she managed. After finishing her meal she went
to get dressed. She put in her butt plug, put on a shot skirt and tight top, and
5 inch heels. Today she would also wear a g string and her tack bra. It was a
tight bra lined with sandpaper and filled with a large number of tacks inside.
It was very uncomfortable  but not really painful because very few of the tacks
would pierce her skin, unless of course someone squeezed her tits. Today was
Saturday, and as such she was to spend her entire day at Miss Stacey's. When she
finished dressing she applied her makeup and when she felt she looked enough
cheap enough, she left her apartment, carful to leave the door unlocked. The
reason was too fold. First it provided her  no security, so that anyone with the
will could enter her apartment. The second was a more practical reason. She had
no place to put the keys. Her outfits never had pockets and she didn't carry a
purse. She forbad herself to carry any money, because it would leave her more
helpless in desperate situations. So there was no reason to carry a purse. Today
though, money would be an exception She tucked a fifty into her bra, carful to
stick in the side strap so it wouldn't offer her any protection from the tacks.
The fifty would be given to Miss Stacey so she could enjoy a day or night out.
Mis Stacey was Tom's girlfriend. Well, she was more his girlfriend then Michelle
was. She new full well that Tom was fucking other women, but she didn't actually
meet Miss Stacey until her fourth or fifth date with Tom. He had just got done
using her and she was cleaning his dick with her mouth when Miss Stacey walked
in the bedroom. The dumb drunk had apparently given her a key to his apartment.

What the fuck! You bitch

Stacey grabbed michelle's hair and pulled her to her feet. She began slapping
and punching her calling her a cheap fucking whore.

I'm sorry Miss" Michelle kept repeating while simultaneously careful not to
avoid any of the blows. Stacey was a little hesitant at first but when it but
when it became clear that she wasn't offering any resistance and was in fact
apologetic, she quickly took advantage of the situation. Besides although
Michelle was 3 or 4 inches taller, Stacey while not fat had a clear weight
advantage. Michelle stood naked with her arms at her side while and her head
bent to the side as Stacey held her blond hair with a fist. Finally she turned
her anger on Tom. Who the fuck is this whore huh? Tom was laughing, the whole
incident amusing him. Relax baby she just a ho, she don't mean nothing. She
cleans my apartment for me.

And your dick too?

Well fuck since she's here.

You bastard.

Please miss don't be mad at him, he's right I am nothing. I am a whore and I
seduced him. Please take you anger out on me.

Fuck you bitch, Stacey said shaking her michelle's head by the hair. Fuck your
skanky ass.



Yea, Tom said take it out on her she deserves it.

Fuck you too Tom. I;'m tired of your shit.

Aby it aint my fault the bitch seduced me.

Stacey still visibly upset gave finally let go of michelle's hair, but gave her
another hard slap to the face.

Fuck the both of you.

Stacey marched out of the apartment. Tom was grinning from ear to ear.

Get over here bitch and finish.

Yes Sir.

Michelle wasn't around for th makeup conversation, and doesn't know what lies
Tom told Stacey, but apparently they had reconciled. Tom was apparently
successful in convincing Stacey that the incident was all Michelle's fault, and
that she had no reason to be jealous, because Michelle didn't mean anything to
him. A few weeks later. Michelle found Stacey standing in the middle of her
apartment.

What a fucking shithole!

Apparently Tom had told her that she didn't keep her door locked. Tom always
knocked though for some reason. The look on Stacey's face told Michelle that Tom
had told her allot more. Her look of contempt, disgust and hate was blinding
obvious.

Michelle was dressed only in a bra and panties, stood and waited for Stacey to
speak. Instead she walked around the apartment ignoring Michelle and checking
out the place.

She then walked back and stood in front of Michelle.

This is the biggest shithole I've ever seen.

I'm sorry Miss.

No bitch, but you will be. Nobody comes between me and my man.

I'm very sorry Miss, Please forgive me.

Fuck you cunt. You aren't worth forgiveness. You aren't shit.

Yes Maam.

I'm sorry I'm such a whore, please let me make it up to you.

Tom says you clean well, but after seeing this dump I don't believe it.

I do clean others places well. Please give me a chance to make it up too.

Fine cunt, come over my place tomorrow. I want the place cleaned spic and span.

Yes Miss

That Miss Stacey whore

Yes Miss Stacey.

And so every saturday after that Michelle walked her way to Miss Stacey's
apartment to clean it for her. The job got progressively tougher as Miss Stacey
obviously began to stop doing any housework, instead waiting for the weekend for
Michelle to come.




Chapter 7

She can do no right





It was at the first visit to the apartment that Michelle found out that Stacey
had a child. It was a one year old girl. Michelle didn't know if it was tom's or
someone elses and that answer was never provided to her. As the weeks continued
it became clear that Miss Stacey was impossible to please. The place was never
cleaned well enough for her, even though it was immaculate in comparison to
before. She never uttered any appreciation or thanks to Michelle and in fact
seemed to get meaner the more Michelle sis for her. After awhile michelle began
leaving lists of things she expected done, if they weren't already obvious. Her
normal duties included, sweeping, vacuuming mopping, dusting, washing dishes and
clothes, ironing folding, picking up items, and cleaning the sinks, toilets, and
tub. She also had to feed the baby and change its diapers. Despite all she did 
Stacy was never satisfied. She made clear to michelle that she would never be
forgiven and her debt would never be paid. Michelle said she understood and
agreed. One day after berating Michelle for several minutes, michelle asked if
there was anything else she could do to please her.

A little drunk she said, lick my pussy bitch.

She sat down on the couch and spread her legs wide revealing that she wore no
underwear  today. Michelle immediately got on her knees and began lapping ,
licking and sucking Stacey cunt. Now it was expected everytime. Stacey would
usually have to or three orgasms off michelle tongue. Once she licked for an
hour and half, while Stacey watched Tv and ate chocolates. The only attention
she seemed to pay to Michelle was when she slapped the back of her head, telling
her to lick faster. Or harder. Michelle's tongue was always very sore
afterwards. Sometimes it was even difficult to speak, so worn out was her mouth.
The only difference today was that Stacey was on her period. Michelle still
licked and sucked with the same enthusiasm . While she didn't have an innate
desire to please women the way she did men, she allowed her masochism to take
her as low as she could go. She actually did a very good job, especially since
she had never been eaten out herself. Though she could only assume such because
of the orgasms, since Stacy never offered any compliments. After three orgasms
and 45 minutes of licking, michelle waited for stacy to push her head away. Take
it in your mouth now cunt. Michelle knew this to mean that she was to pull out
Stacy's tampon with her teeth and take it in her mouth. She did as instructed.
The soiled tampon would remain in her mouth until Miss Stacy returned and gave
her permission to remove it.

You got my money whore.

Yes Miss Stacey., she said taking it out of her bra. Last week, michelle heard
stacy bitching on the phone about being too short of money to go out. Michelle
was quick to offer her money to do so. Not it seems as if that were to be become
a routine as well. So after being eaten out Stacey left to go out and have a
good time on Michelle's money, while michelle, would stay there and clean her
apartment. Before leaving she gave michelle's tits a couple of nasty squeezes.
She had ordered Michelle to wear the tack bra and new full well what se was
doing. Michelle kept her hands at her side as stacy squeezed and pushed the
tacks into her tits. With a final slap to michelle face stacy left to have a
good time. Michelle's tack bra had gone from uncomfortable to painful, though
she forbid herself to take it off or even adjust it until she got home, which
could be several hours. It was going to be a long day. So with tacks in her
tits, a used tampon in her mouth, a plug in her ass, she tottered around on five
inch heels cleaning Miss Stacy's apartment while she was out having good time on
her money. She had left at 11Am and dint arrive back until 1am in the morning.
She was holding a shopping bag, and apparently had bought some clothes.  Stacy
was visibly drunk and had michelle suck her cunt again, something she usually
doesn't do upon her return.

What should I do with the tampon Maam?

Swallow it slut.



Michelle had never swallowed a tampon before and it proved to be quite difficult
to get down, because of its bulk, but she managed. She then licked stacy to
another two orgasms before being told to get the fuck out. So her face covered
in stacy's's cunt slobber, michelle walked the seven mile home to her apartment.
She got home at three in the morning. So tonight she would only sleep for an
hour. Michelle wasn't sure if it was from clogging or just lack or real food,
but the tampon apparently was causing her abdominal pain, and did so through the
next day.




Chapter 8

Working Hard for Nothing



Monday was Michelle's first day at her new job. It went as badly as she had
anticipated. Everyone was rude to her especially Miss Beatrice. The men all
seemed to leer at her and made no secret of checking her out. If they only new
they could touch and fondle her at will many of them would have been all over
her. The customers were rude and tipped badly. Still after working 10 hours she
managed to collect 37.50 in tips. AT the end of the day Michelle took the money
to Miss Beatrice, and explained that since she was supposed to be working for
free it wouldn't be right of her to keep the money. Miss Beatrice raised an eye
brow probably in surprise but otherwise didn't hesitate to take and pocket
michelle's money. After a couple of days, she even had the gall to go up to
michelle and demand her tip money. Michelle made absolutely nothing the first
month she worked there. Miss Beatrice had extended her free work period for
another two weeks as she wasn't yet sure of michelle's work competence. Finally
after a month, she started earning a paycheck and could keep her tips, which was
good cause she no money left. She couldn't even give Miss Stacey her fifty last
week, which provoked a rage, and for the first time Miss stacy savagely beat her
with a belt. As bad as work was, michelle still found a few ways to make it
worse. Her feet were sore and blistered every day, but she found they would hurt
worse if she sprinkled some hard uncooked rice into her heels. One of the
waitresses named Jenny, had a t4endancy to try and steel michelle's tips.
Michelle of course never complained or even confronted jenny. On days when she
worked with jenny, she would make about the half the money she should do to her
stealing. One Tuesday evening Michelle heard one of the waitress bitching to
another  about a customer. Chauvinistic prick they called him. Can't satisfy
him" Should spit in his food., were among some of the complaints she overheard.
Her cunt wettened at those words. She approached and butted in, I can take him
if he's too much trouble Sandra. Sandra looked at her puzzled why she would
volunteer.

Ok sure whatever.

Michelle, approached the table and got her first look at him. He was hideous
ugly, or at least michelle thought so. He had a receding hairline, and appeared
to be balding. His face had acne, and  when he opened his mouth produced yellow,
and even some black teeth.

Hello sir can I help you.?

What happened to the other bitch?

She's getting off work sir, so I taking over for her. Hi can I help you?

You can take this shit back, it sucks, I'm sorry sir, Is there something else I
can get you?



Michelle ended up serving him three more meals none of which he claimed to be
satisfied with. He whined and complained the entire 45 minutes she waited on
him, sending her back to kitchen numerous times. Michelle noticed He did eat
from several of the meals though. The kitchen was upset, and Miss Beatrice told
Michelle to charge him for all the meals. But josh had other plans.

I'm not paying for any of this shit bitch, all this crap stunk, as your did your
service.

I'm very sorry sir.

You should be.

Well sir I am very sorry for my poor service, and I take full responsibility for
the food as well.

Fine then you should pay for it. And you aint getting no tip either.

Yes sir I will take care of the bill for you. Again I'm very sorry and I wish
there was a way I could make it up for you.

Either he somehow sensed her submissiveness or he was just a complete ass, cause
he grabbed her ass, as she bent over to clean the table.

You got a bony ass bitch.

Yes sir, I'm sorry, its not to your liking.

I think I'd still like to fuck it though.

I'm honored sir that would consider it.



Yea well my standards have been kind of low lately.

Well then I'm very lucky to have met you now sir.

Yea bitch you are.

He took the pen and wrote his number on the check. Call me tomorrow

Yes sir.

Michelle finished cleaning up the table, and then paid the entire $45 bill out
of her wages.




Chapter 9

A wet Dream



Josh turned out to be a complete and total asshole. There was nothing even
remotely pleasant about him. He was ugly and turned out to be very stupid. He
had a criminal record, though Michelle never found out how bad, just that he was
continually on probation. The rest of his body was as bad a face. He was flabby
with pasty skin, and nice big gut. His body odor and breath would have offended
almost anyone. But it was his personality that was the worst. He mean,
condescending and perpetually rude. He never had a nice thing to say about
anyone or anything. Especially michelle Michelle's's masochistic cunt was in
heaven. He was what she was looking for. Her mind became made up , when she
asked him his views on women.

You mean bitches? You are all nothing but useless whores, worthless fucktoys,
put here to serve men. Michelle told him she agreed whole heartedly.

Yea? Finally a slut that knows her place? How bad you want to serve me whore?

 More then anything sir. I will do anything and everything to please you. I will
devote my entire life to your pleasure.



Josh couldn't have known at that time that she was serious. At the point he just
figured her another kinky slut to use. But her true devotion to him would soon
be made apparent over time. He made her drop out of school, and instead she
would come over every three days to clean his apartment or otherwise at his
whim.  Even though he was dumb, it eventually did dawn on him, that she would do
everything he asked of her. As always sex or fucking as he called it, revolved
totally around  his pleasure. They both a greed that she should get no pleasure
and that sex should also be a degrading and painful  experience. He wasn't very
creative in the beginning, but her did take great pains to hurt her when he
fucked her. After a month and half of "dating", Josh was the first person she
explained all her masochistic desires too. He while jerking off, listened
intently while Michele explained her desires and beliefs, and massaged his feet.
She told him almost everything, except, that she found him ugly. After a couple
hours of talking, josh reached several conclusions and laid down some rules.

1st -Josh made clear that he didn't love, respect or appreciate michelle or
anything she did for him, and he never would. In fact like all women, he hated
and despised her. To him she was a worthless fucktoy, there solely for his
pleasure and amusement. He would continue to see and fuck other bitches at his
whim, and michelle would even be required to help him score with other whores.
From this point on, she was to remain completely faithful land devoted to him,
although he also made clear she was going to be whored out and loaned.

2nd-She was going to be a complete and total slave with no rights. She could
never leave the "relationship" and she could never ask for anything, or even
offer her  opinions. He would make all the decisions. She would never say no and
obey all orders without hesitation. Her body was to be used, abused, altered,
modified and eventually ruined, and she would have no say in any of it. As his
slave she would be responsible for cleaning his apartment, cooking his meals,
and pleasing him in all ways. She would continue to work and turn over all her
money to him. She moved in with him, and was given a bare closet to put her
meager belongings in and to sleep in. She would stop "seeing Tom", but was to
continue serving Miss Stacy once a week.



Over the next couple weeks Josh whored her to his friends. Solo fucks at first,
but then two three and even four at a time. Josh was always brutal with her, but
his friends needed some encouragement. Not that they were ever gentle, just that
they  should have been treating much harsher and with more contempt. Josh made
clear every time he whored that they were not to eat her out, massage or caress
her, get her off or do anything to bring her the slightest bit of pleasure.
Michelle was getting fucked and abused every day. An outsider might of thought
she was a captive be continually raped and tortured. Her body and even face
carried bruises and welts, from being punched and slapped and beaten. The abuse
was real Her hair was pulled and ripped out her. Her face and body were punched
and kicked. She was spit on and pissed on. Her holes were brutally fucked by
cocks and large objects. Rarely did fucking end, were one or more of her holes
weren't bleeding. Every day michelle was sore and bruised. Josh's friends became
increasing brutal at his encouragement. They beat her with belts, hangers,
canes, and anything within reach. Michelle never knew how much Josh was charging
for her, but hoped it was a very cheap amount. One day while michelle was
licking the fungus between josh toes as he sat on his couch, and getting her
bleeding ass drilled by one of his friends,  josh discussed making permanent
changes to her body with his friend. Although she was there, she was never
brought into the conversation.  They discussed her anorexia first.

The bitch is skinny, but still too fat.

How much she weigh now?

I've been starving her, but she still weighs 105, and she's not quite 5'10"

Fuck, how low you want her to go.

I don't know, I just want her body to suffer and hurt. I want her body to be
eating itself to stay alive. I want the bitch to look like she dying of cancer.

She should be no more then ninety I think.

Bitch from now one, you are to live on nothing but, piss, cum and shit.

Yes sir, michelle's murmured, her mouth being full with his toes.

She's not going stay healthy on that.

I don't care about her health, I want her to suffer and I want her starving.

Whatever man she's your ho.

What else you want to do to her.

I want her surgically altered, but I don't know how to do that.

Dude, I know that Doctor who was in the paper. You know the one that lost his
license fr molesting patients. He's like a distant relative, I bet he'd operate
on her.

Fuck yea, I want to speak to him, set it up.




Chapter 10

Life Changes







The nest month was hell for Michelle even, by her standards. Josh decided to
enforce many of her own punishments on herself, and added his own. Cum was her
only meal, other then serving as Josh's toilet. He was the first person who made
her eat shit, and not she had to do it every day. He usually pissed directly
into her mouth, but he would shit in the toilet and require her to stick her
face in and eat his waste. Ironically it was her most nourishing meal each day.
She had felt weak before, but after month of living on waste she felt incredibly
weak, and sick, as if she had a perpetual flu. She was pale and skin and skin
and bones at 102. Josh also enforced her 4 hour sleep rule, which he purposely
ruined time and again for her, so she got even less. She was perpetually
exhausted, and felt as though she was on the verge of collapse. Though like a
good slave, she never once complained. She took her fucking and beatings like a
pro, concerning herself only with her user's pleasure, even as they humiliated,
insulted and ravaged her broken and battered body. Other new changes were made.
Michelle was forced to wear 7 inch stiletto heels permanently, only to be
removed when she was washed. After a discussion with Josh he decided on her most
uncomfortable pair in a 7 inch heal. He had her try on several pairs to make
sure these were the worst. The were then bought three sizes too small, and then
has sandpaper glued into them, After michelle feet were crammed into them. Tacks
were pounded into the bottom. This way she would be perpetually walking on
tacks. The shoes were hideously uncomfortable and her toes were crushed and
crumpled up at the front of the shoe. Standing in these was painful, let alone
when she had to stand for hours, and god forbid walk in them. The worst was
walking to work or Miss Stacy's. But like a good slave, Michelle learned to
suffer what Josh wanted her too, and soon managed to become mobile in the shoes.
Her ass was also to be continuously plugged by her new monstrous but plug. She
could only remove it for fucking and shitting. Usually though it was for
fucking. Everytime she replaced it she had to coat it in burning pepper sauce.
The plug was 8inches long and  three inches wide at the widest point., the idea
was to permanently stretch out and ruin her ass. Michelle was actually excited
abut being made to wear a corset. It was a torture she had really wanted to
bear. However, like everything for michelle, she got no say it how it was done.
Her waist uncorseted was a slim 22inches. Josh picked out a cheap hard corset,
and closed it all the way on her from the start. She didn't deserve a proper
fitting custom corset, as one not tailored to her would be more uncomfortable.
The corset proved to be almost unbearably painful as her waist was immediately
squeezed down to 16 inches, There was no waist training for michelle, just
painful results. The corset only came off for washing, and to make it worse Josh
lines the corset with sandpaper and applied itching powder. This was to be
reapplied everytime she put it on. As Michelle was prohibited from giving
herself any relief, including scratching itches, the corset provide to be very
distracting. Not that she could have scratched an itch while wearing it, but she
wasn't even permitted to try. When allowed bras, she only permitted tack bras.
One night while laying in her closet, she read through her porno magazines. It
was 5 in the morning, so her sleeping hours were over, however she had to stay
in her closet until Josh got up so she didn't disturb his rest. Michelle was so
exhausted she actually slept well curled up on the dirty hard wooden floor of
the closet. The comfort of even a filthy mattress, was now a thing of the past,
at least for sleeping. She was even allowed a pillow or blanket anymore. So
every night she curled u naked on the floor of  her cramped little closet, until
her alarm went off, telling her, she was to get up. This was her only free t
time but she was to remain in the closet and keep silent, so they only thing she
could do was look at her porn under the harsh glare of a single light bulb. It
was her only free time, and michelle hated it. She didn't want free to time, she
wanted to be serving constantly. She was too tired to think. Yet she was
forbidden to go back to sleep, she could touch herself, but never cum. In fact
Josh made clear she was to never cum again. Of course Josh would never know if
she used this private time to cum or catch a little more sleep then she was
allowed, but she never did, nor would she. She watched as a mosquito that had
been bugging her all night landed in the middle of a large bruise on her breast
and began sucking. Such mild pain, compared t what she was used to now. Shw was
careful to slowly turn the pages of her magazine so as to not bother the
mosquito. Today was a little more interesting, because, she had a new issue of
her favorite magazine. Josh controlled all her money now, and only allowed her a
few new porno magazines. At first he resisted, but when he saw the mags she was
reading, he thought them a good idea. This issue had a follow up story to the
woman that had wrote in last time concerning her husband being unhappy with her.
She had written in a followup response. The woman stated that she did everything
in her power  during the two weeks to try and please her husband, but she had
failed. She simply wasn't good enough for him, as he put it, so he properly
divorced her so he could get with a younger better cunt more easily. She was
devastated and still is, but found after some though found some comfort in the
fact that he would be happier, and after all it was his happiness that mattered.
She had come to realize that his leaving her was entirely her fault. And she
realized that her last letter ironically was the proof of it. Cause even though
she tried to give and allow him anything he wanted, she harbored the slightest
amount of resentment or hurtfulness about the way she he brutally used her,
about his infidelity, about the way he slept around , about him not working and
spending the money she made, and etc. Even though she never once complained to
him or ask anything of him, she new it was her fault for feeling these things at
all. She should have been completely and utterly focused on him and his
pleasure, at complete disregard to her own. So she concluded he was right to
dump her. The divorce went smoothly she didn't get any attorney and cooperated
fully with his. The prenuptial was enforced and she was left with absolutely
nothing. Further she was to pay him alimony and child support, in sums that
totaled roughly 90% of her paycheck. He would keep the car house and everything
else. He even kept most of her clothes. He was also given full custody of the
kid, and she was denied even visitation. Most divorces are no fault now a days,
however hers was a fault based divorce and was blamed squarely on her, for
numerous reasons, such as infidelity, failing her sin her spousal duties, etc.
In the end she even paid all his attorney fees. She apologized gratuitously for
failing him, but he offered her no forgiveness. After the divorce several side
agreements were worked out. She would also continue to pay the mortgage and car
payments for him. Plus, she would come over everyday after her work, to clean
his house and cook him and his new young cunt dinner. In a way things hadn't
changed all that much, she was just no longer how wife, and now lived in shack
instead of with him. Plus she had to get another part time job to cover the huge
amount taken out of her paycheck. But she was grateful that he allowed to still
serve him, even in this reduced capacity. Michelle pinched and twisted her clit
to stem off another orgasm. It would be another four or five hours before Josh
got up and began using her.




Chapter 11

The Bad Doctor

Dr Swanson had his license suspended for at east three months for sexual
criminal acts on patients. But he still had access to some tools and
medications, ans thus he was good enough to perform michelle's modifications.
The modifications that were to be done were not discussed with michelle
directly, but she overheard bits and pieces of what was coming. Though exhausted
she cleaned josh's apartment with extra zeal today, knowing that her first big
modification was coming tonight, and then she was to undergo some kind of
surgery. Josh gave her the usual morning beating , but while using her holes, he
made several comments about looking forward to ruining her whorish body, and
that he hoped she really suffers tonight. When he came home later in the
evening, he brought three of his friends with him, all of which had used her
before and an older man, whom she deduced to be the Doctor. She was ignored
accept for being ordered to lie on the hard table which she had cleaned off
earlier. She wore only her 6 inch heels, corset and her butt plug. Michelle was
frightened but also intensely excited. She knew the point of no return was
approaching for her. The men mumbled to themselves about what was going to be
done first and the conversations grew loader as they circled around her table.

"I want it to hurt her real bad Doc, and I don't want her having pleasure ever
again.

But I also want her to be horny and frustrated all the time.



This will considerably reduce her any pleasure she can receive and make it
virtually impossible for her to ever orgasm again. However it wont do that much
to reduce her sex drive, but to be sure I will keep her pumped full of hormones
that will make sure she thinks of nothing but being used.

You there that bitch, you're gonna be one frustrated and desperate whore. Worse
then you are now.

Spread em cunt.

That meant she was to pull her legs all the way back and out, so that the tops
of her feet were flat on the table several inches from her head. This provided
great exposure to her holes. Her head hung off the table in between her feet.
The Doc set his bag down and began rummaging through it. Josh was handed a pair
of pliers and walked between her legs.

Today your clit comes off bitch. I know it's a big event for you, so I hope you
really suffer during it. Don't worry I', going to make it last as long as
possible. Don't even think of cumming you understand you filthy fuckhole?

Yes sir.

This will be really painful, she should be gagged.

Right Tim. you take care of it.

Tim walked around to her head and unzipped, whipped out his dick and shoved down
her wide open and waiting throat.



unceremoniously he began throat fucking her mauling both her tits while he did
so. Her head hit the back of the table each time he thrusted. Josh was
assembling  various tools between michelle's wide spread legs, but she couldn't
see anything but Tim balls slapping her face. The men continued to talk about
the shit that was going to be done to her but michelle wasn't even really
listening. It didn't matter and she didn't need  to know, they could do whatever
they wanted, and she shouldn't have a say or even be consulted, even though the
word permanent kept being used. Josh went to work on pussy. He began shoving
thick needles though her labia, pinching, twisting and crudely jabbing needles
through her flesh. He was anything bu gentle about it. Several needles were
stuck through her cunt flaps, then he grabbed her clit and stated sticking
needles through it. Masochist though she was, the pain was intense and michelle
cried around the dick, though she was carful no to let it distract her from
pleasing the cock in her throat.  He as her body was being mutilated she was
only concerned with two things holding her legs back and apart like she was
told, and most importantly using her tongue mouth and throat to provide the
maximum pleasure for the dick using it. Not that the guy rudely fucking her
throat knew or cared at all that she was trying so hard to make it even better
for him. While she thought and concentrated only on his pleasure he did the
same, but did try to hurt her as he sawed in and out of her throat and tortured
her tits, squeezing twisting, pulling and slapping them. Josh in the meantime
had taken a belt and started whipping her cunt and lower thighs hard. The other
men were all talking about her like a piece of meat, and using very degrading
terms as they watched her defilement. Michelle could barely breathe, the pain
was causing her to gasp and moan, when she should be trying to get a breathe,
the cock was relentless and seldom pulled back far enough for her to even try to
take a breath. Plus the tight corset only allowed her to take very small breaths
then she did breathe. Still breathing wasn't michelle's's main concern, it was
incidental to pleasing the cock that used her. SO her main focus was on licking
the shaft, contracting her  throat muscles and lips, keeping her mouth wide open
and her aligned to help provide maximum depth. The cock in her throat began to
spasm and then burst a load of cum some of which went  down her windpipe causing
her to gag and cough around the organ which sat in her throat buried to the
balls. While the guy relaxed. He thighs and cunt were red blue and swollen. They
would hurt simply by being caressed let alone the brutal whipping she was
enduring. Her face was turning blue and she couldn't breathe, but she never
pulled her head back or tried to push him off, nor did she ever take her hands
from her ankles or try in the slightest to close her legs. She was there to be
used by men, and they could do whatever they wanted with her. Her feelings
pleasure, consideration, and pain and comfort didn't matter in the slightest,
nor should they. Tim finally pulled out of her throat, and slapped her face
several times before the next guy brought his prick over. Michelle had coughed
some cum out of her lungs, swallowed it back down and took and took the biggest
shallow breath her corset would allow before the next cock plunged down her
windpipe. Her cunt was a bruised and bloodied mess, by the time Josh took the
pliers, grabbed a cunt flap and started crushing it. Michelle screamed around
the cock in her throat, Josh laughed as her whole body shaked. He regripped
crushing new skin, and  twisted the pliers, pulling and twisting, and then
regripping on fresh skin. When he finally gripped and started crushing her
needle ridden clit, michelle was almost out of tears, were there not a cock
buried in her throat she wouldn't be able to stop screaming, which is something
she usually forced herself to do. Over the next three and half hours michelle
had her throat fucked about two dozen times. Everyone including the doc took a
few turns at her mouth, while josh contented himself with torturing and
mutilating her cunt. Her labia and clit were ripped and crushed, and hurt worse
then anything michelle had experienced . Josh was surprised at how resilient her
skin was, and hoe hard he had to pull and twist to get it ti rip off. But after
enough pulling twisting and crushing, he managed to rip off her labia lips and
then finally her clit. Michelle passed out from the pain when her clit came off.




Chapter 12

A New Body







When michelle woke up she was in a daze. She immediately felt pain in several
places. The first thing she noticed is that her mouth was s full of blood, She
was strapped to a table and couldn't move. The bitch is coming too. Michelle was
groggy and wasn't entirely sure if she was dreaming. It was the pain that
convinced she was awake. It was the Dr standing over her smirking down at her.
listen up slut, I'm going t tell you about the changes made to your body. I
don't intend to repeat myself, so pay attention. I used your fainting as an
opportunity to further drug, you so these surgeries could be performed. Ed
wanted you awake for them, but that would have been impossible even for a
worthless pain whore like you. you have been given no pain killer, so the pain
will get even worse when your grogginess wears off. I am only telling you what's
been done so you can be fully appreciative to ed for the mutilations he's had
done to you. Yes sir. You tits have implants now. heavy ones, they have been
weighted and are at least five times heavier then normal implants, we made them
as big as they would go in this one setting, stretching your skin as much as
possible. you will feel their weight always when you stand. Michelle already
felt their weight laying they on the table it felt as though to heavy weights
had been laid o her chest, but she new she would carry these weights around for
the rest of her life. what you will also feel is burning and itching. the
implants are coated with a fiberglass which will inflame and irritate the skin
its touches, but that not all cunt, you'll be happy to hear that each implant is
full or an irritant, that slowly over time leaks out through the membrane of the
implant, causing further itching, burning, and inflamation. thus your tits will
constantly be irritated from the inside out, with no relief possible. the best
part is that the irritant can be refilled. it should only be necessary about
every year, but ed has already informed me he wants them refilled much more
often. the implants are also covered in small jagged, spikes, which I'm sure you
feel every time your tits are mauled. they are also much more durable then
normal implants, so don't they think anyone needs ro be carful with your tits.
Anyway if the rupture its your problem, and they will simply be replaced. You
also have an implant in your cunt, the jagged end is inserted into your uterus
and will somewhat hold it in place, quite painfully I might add. its bigger and
heavier  then the ones in your tits, but otherwise the same, containing the same
covering and spikes on the outside and the same irritant in the inside. Thus
your cunt will always be inflamed as well. For the rest of your life you are
going to walk around feeling as though you are pregnant with a baby the burns
and rips your insides. we filled this implant as much as possible with your
corset on m you will have a noticeable bulge when you don't wear your corset.
your cunt has been stitched and sewn up with thick shoelace wire. black. this
will not be removed. your cunt will no longer be used, your will have only your
ass and mouth available now to please men. so you are gonna have to work extra
hard, to make up for the lost hole. a thorny Catheter was inserted in your
urethra. this will remain there for the rest of your life, and only ed will
decide when yo can piss. your floating ribs were broke, and not removed, but
bent inward, so that your corset could be tightened more. you are now sixteen
inches,. We could have closed it more if we had removed tour ribs, but it was
decided that simply breaking them and pushing them in against your organs would
be more painful for you, and anyway we got it closed almost as much. your
archils tendons were cut and shortened, when you are able to walk again, it wont
be in anything but 6-7inch heels. though you will be made to walk barefoot from
time to time I;'m told, which should be quite painful. as you know your clit and
labia were ripped off, that was mostly to reduce any pleasure you might get
while being used. I have I also have give ed a series of medications, to be
routinely used on you. the first works the opposite of a pain killer, causing
you to feel pain more intensely the you normally would. the other heightens your
sex, drive and the last is to decrease your ability to have an orgasm. assuming
these work like they are supposed it will be nearly impossible for you to haven
orgasm even if you had your clit. yes you will remain constantly aroused, even
more then before bitch, ed tells me more mutilations are to come in the future
especially as he tires of you. do you have any questions bitch. yes sir, why
does my face hurt? Oh, yea, Fred, felt your teeth on his dick when you passed
out, so he punched your face several times. you were already out though. Oh my
god, I didn't hurt him did I? No cunt, you just grazed him. He expects you to
make u to him though. O h I will sir. He broke your nose and knocked two of your
teeth lose. you also have a black eye. We decided none of it will be treated
though. your nose is slightly crooked now, and those tooth teeth may eventually
fall out, but that will be your problem of course. yes sir. thank you for taking
apart in my torture and mutilation . fuck you bitch, show me your gratitude with
your throat. yes sir. when you are done I will undo your restraints then you
will crawl into the next room and begin serving ed and his friends. I informed
them you should be given more time to heal, but ed made it clear he is
completely unconcerned for your well being. yes sir. when the Dr. was done
raping her throat and she was done choking on his cum, he let her and she
crawled int the next room to begin her service with her new body.

Michele was sleep deprived, mal nourished, starved, exhausted, and in an amount
of pain unknown to most she was surrounded by people who hated her, and expected
her to give them everything, why they tormented her. there was no end to her
pain and suffering, It had been so long since she felt pleasure, her life now
being only degrees of pain she was in a hell most would find utterly intolerable
and certainly one that only the most evil deserved. from the time she opened her
eyes, to the moment she closes them, she is in some form of misery. And perhaps
the sickest thing of all, is that she would have it no other way.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  CRUDEDUDE


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





