BDSM Library - How My Life Changed




How My Life Changed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The Story of how my life was drastically changed when my wife took a lover wh became my master.
This is the story of how my life changed drastically when my wife took a lover
who became my master.  It is meant for the reading pleasure of adults over the
legal age in their area.  Please send any comments on this story to
4playd@comcast.net.




                                              How My Life Changed
	by mwmsissy

Chapter 1
     My wife Mary and I had been married for over eight years and I thought our
life was very good.  She was an attorney for an important law firm and rapidly
rising towards a partnership. She made a lot more money than I did in my job as
a fast food worker.  That didn't bother me as much as it might have many men. 
We had a nice house and lived well.  Mary is 28, 5'6", 120 pounds and had 38D
breasts.  She is a beautiful brunette with brown eyes.  I am 5'8", 140 pounds
and used to taking orders from the people I work for.  As my wife gained more
power in her career, she began to demand that I do more of the household chores. 
I naturally took those demands as a threat to my manhood.  My mother had handled
all of the housework and damn it if that was good enough for her, it should be
good enough for Mary!  I told her so in no uncertain terms too.  She kept her
resentment to herself, so I didn't know that she begun planning to change things
in our household.

     She started talking about having sex with another man, while we were making
love.  I still didn't realize that she was serious, since during sex I had told
her of some of my fantasies too. It seemed to add some spice to the experience. 
I thought I was a good lover as she always told me our sex was good.  I knew
that I was not the best hung man around, having a 5" cock, but had no idea that
she had never been satisfied by my three minute efforts.

     One night she brought up the idea of having a threesome.  " Great", I
thought, " That's every man's fantasy, to have two women in bed with him."  I
encouraged her saying, " Sure thing sweetie, do you want to select our new
partner, or should I?"  She replied, " I'd better do it, I know the kind of
person I would be comfortable with.  As you know, I am rather shy."  In my naive
mind, I was thinking of a small orgy with me as the star of the show.  " Go
ahead dear, you find the new partner and I will be happy with your choice."


     Mary had been working late for a few weeks on a major case, she said, and
since her money was the major part of our income I understood that it was
necessary.  Then it happened!  She came home about 11pm on a Friday night and
brought someone with her.  She introduced me to him by saying, " Carl this is my
choice for a threesome partner.  This is James."   James is a 6'3" 250 pound
black man.  All I could do is say, " Welcome to our home James."  Mary smiled at
my obvious surprise and told me, " Fetch James a Drink while I slip into
something more comfortable dear."  In my stunned state, I asked James what he
preferred.  He told me to make him a gin and tonic.  I told him that
unfortunately we didn't have any gin, nor tonic.  He looked menacingly at me and
then told me, " Next time I come here, you better have some!  Get me a beer for
now."  For some reason I responded, " Yes Sir, coming right up."  I hurried to
get him a cold beer from the refrigerator.  He took a swig from it and looked me
over closely.  He seemed to sense that I was afraid of him so he smiled and
said, " This should be a fun night boy."  I resented his use of the word boy in
reference to me, but held my tongue.

     Mary came back to the living room wearing a short black, lacy nightie and
nothing else.  I could see that she was already turned on as her erect nipples
were clearly visible through the sheer fabric of her garment.  She looked at
James with lust in her eyes, then said , " Let's get this party started men." 
She took him by the hand and led him to our bedroom, with me following unsurely
behind.  This was not my idea of a threesome at all, but, I knew that I was
powerless to stop it from happening now and followed meekly behind them.  Once
in the bedroom Mary kissed James deeply. He slipped her nightie over her head
leaving her standing there completely naked.  He then stripped off his clothes
revealing a very solid muscular body.  His cock had to be 10" long and quite
thick even though not totally erect yet.  Mary cooed her admiration of his
equipment.  He turned to me and said, " You wife told me that you wanted a
threesome, this is it.  Get naked now boy."  After seeing him naked I felt like
a boy. I took off my clothes and heard him laugh at my naked body, which didn't
help my confidence any.  He declared, " You aren't much of a man are you Carl? 
I couldn't meet look into his eyes, I just looked down at the floor and
answered, " No Sir, I'm not."  He handed me Mary's nightie and told me, " Put
this on Carla, it suits your physique better."  I looked at him in shock. I
couldn't wear that!  He advanced menacingly towards me and said, " Do it now
Carla or I will spank your bare ass with my belt!" I was really afraid of him
now, so I slipped it over my head and stood there feeling very defeated.  "
That's a good girl Carla, just do as you're told and we'll get along fine.  Now
sit there in the chair by the bed and watch a real man make love to a fine
woman."  I meekly replied, " Yes Sir." and sat down trying to cover my genitals
with the nightie.

     James laid her down on the bed, and began to make slow loving sex to her. 
He was a sex machine, he made love to her in many positions for probably two
hours, although sitting there watching, it seemed much longer to me.  She moaned
and screamed with delight like I had never heard coming from her before.  By the
time he finished up, her hair was soaking wet and she was exhausted.  James
pulled out of her and looked at me for the first time in quite awhile.  He
ordered me, " Carla get over here and lick her pussy clean like a good girl."  I
slowly shook my head no and he got up, grabbed me by my hair and led me to the
bed and shoved my face down between her legs.  " Bitch, when I tell you to do
something, you better do it and quickly."  He slapped my bare ass hard and
asked, " Do you understand?"  I was too humiliated to answer immediately, so he
slapped my other ass cheek I got the idea after that and answered, "Yes James, I
understand."  He hollered, " Listen Carla, if you don't want me to beat you
senseless, you will call me Master James, or just Master."  I meekly responded
by saying, " Yes Master." Mary said, " Oh Jimmy, I love how masterful you are." 
He was enjoying his power over me and told me, " Get to licking Carla, get it
all clean."  I put my lips to her sweaty pussy and used my tongue to lap up all
of the mighty load he had deposited there.  By the time I was finished my face
was covered with slime and my mouth tasted bad. 


     James smiled and said, " Now lick me clean too Carla baby."  I looked at
him, my eyes pleading for mercy, but he was enjoying his power trip too much for
that to affect him.  " Do it bitch!", he commanded.  Having no choice, I licked
the pussy juices off his cock, up and down the length of it.  I never imagined
myself being even close to another man's cock and here I was licking away like a
slut whore.  Mary encouraged my efforts by saying, " That's a good girl Carla,
get that magnificent cock all clean."  That shook me up, it was bad enough that
he had me intimidated, but even my wife was calling me Carla.  How had I got
into this mess?  When he was finished, he said, " Good job dearie, now fetch me
a beer."  Mary added, " Bring me a glass of wine too Carla."  I went to the
refrigerator and got both the beer and a glass of chilled white wine. 

     When I handed them their drinks, they were talking about me.  James was
saying, " I think that Carla has real potential as a maid, she certainly isn't
much use as a man."  To my surprise, Mary agreed, " The paltry amount of money
from his crummy job won't be missed, and it would be nice to have a maid to do
the housework."  Master assured her, " Oh don't worry, I will make sure that she
learns to do a good job for you."  He looked at me and asked, " You will do a
good job for her won't you dear?"  What could I say to that?  I had been
humiliated beyond belief already and was really scared of him. I meekly said, "
Yes Master, if it pleases you."  Mary clapped showing her joy and told me, "
Carla you make me so happy when you are sweet like now."  I blushed, standing
there in her nightie with my bare bottom handing out.  " Now dearie, you go
sleep in the guest room, we'll call you if we need you again.  What the hell was
this? I was sure that when he had satisfied himself with her, he'd just go home. 
Obviously that was not his plan at all.  Seeing no other option, I went into the
guest bedroom and went to bed still wearing the nightie.

     I couldn't sleep, thinking about the night's events.  Master James was
turning me into a sissy maid!  How could this be happening to me?  I tossed and
turned until about 4am when I heard them going at it again.  Her moans were
evidence of her enjoyment of sex with him.  At around sunup I heard Master call,
" Carla get your ass in here."  I got up and went to their room.  Their room, it
used to be our room just a few hours ago!  " Yes Master James, how can I serve
you?"  He told me, " It's time for your cleanup duties.  Get to it."  My spirit
had been broken and I just went to Mary's soggy pussy and sucked his second load
from her.  She stoked my hair lovingly as I did so saying, " That's a good girl
Carla, you feel so nice down there."  I was glad that she was happy.  When she
was satisfied, Master motioned me down to his cock.  " This time take it into
your mouth and suck it clean."  I was beyond resistance by now and merely
obeyed.  Here I was with his cock in my mouth and wearing a short nightie, being
called Carla. 

     " Carla dear, you look so natural sucking on my cock, we'll have to make
this a part of your duties." James said.  Now that he had exerted his power by
having me sucking on his cock, he decided that it was time for breakfast.  "
Carla, that's enough for now, go put on the coffee and start breakfast, I'll
have three eggs over easy, toast and coffee.  What will you have Mary dear?" She
thought for a second and then said," The same for me, but only one egg."  I got
up off my knees and padded barefooted to the kitchen.  James remarked to Mary as
I left, " Carla still walks like a man, I think some high heels would change
that nicely."  She chuckled at that idea and praised him saying, " Oh Jimmy you
are so clever, what a great idea!"  He smiled and told her, " I'm just getting
started dear, I have many things already planned to make Carla more docile and
feminine.  Your life is going to be much more pleasant from now on. 
Unfortunately I can't say the same for Carla's future."


     As soon as breakfast was ready, I went to their room and announced, "
Breakfast is served Master James."  He politely replied, " Very good Carla." 
They went into the dining room and sat at the table. I served them their food
and stood there waiting for more orders. James told me, " that will be all for
now Carla, you may fix yourself something to eat now."  I could only reply, "
Yes Master James."  I sat at the kitchen table and had a bowl of cold cereal,
but could hear them chatting away like lovers.  I didn't like being treated like
a servant in my own home, but saw no option but to go along with things for now. 
Just as I finished my meager meal, Master called for more coffee.  I hurried in
there with the coffee pot and refilled their cups.  James told me to set the pot
down and take off the nightie. I did that with relief, maybe this Carla thing
was over.  He stared at my naked body, then said, " That body hair has to go,
that is for men.  You can shave it off while Mary and I take a nap.  If it's
still there when we wake up, I will yank it out myself."  I gasped at that
threat and replied, " Yes Master, I will do it myself."  " Make sure you get it
all cleaned off Carla." , he added.  My wife was impressed with his control over
me and just smiled her approval when I looked to her for a reprieve.  

     They left the table holding hands and went off to the bedroom.  I quickly
cleared off the table, and cleaned up the kitchen.  I went to the basement
shower with a pair of scissors, my razor and a can of shaving cream.  I had
never done this before, but feared his wrath if I didn't do a good job the first
time.  I put some foam under my arm and shaved the area smooth, then repeated
this with the other armpit.  I shaved my legs next.  Taking the scissors I
clipped my pubic hair very short.  Then I sprayed myself with the foam and
shaved it smooth as well.  Shaving my own balls was difficult and I had to use a
mirror to get rid of the hairs by my ass.  When I was hairless from the neck
down, I took a nice warm shower.  I had never been a hairy man, but even so, my
body looked strange to me with no hair at all. 

     After my shower I felt better about wearing the nightie, at least it
covered up my boyish looking body somewhat.  I went back upstairs to be ready
when they finished their nap.  I had dozed off for a bit when I heard James
calling me.  I got up and went into their room.  He told me to get naked for
inspection.  I took off the nightie and stood there naked before them.  He ran
his hands over my legs, looked at my underarms, then had me turn around and
spread my ass cheeks.  " You did a good job girl." he praised me.  My wife said,
" Carla I am so proud of you, the way you follow orders shows how much you love
me."  I blushed like a schoolgirl then said, " Thanks Mary."  Master grabbed my
by my balls and shouted, " Listen bitch, she is now Mistress Mary to you.  " Got
it?"  He had lifted me to where I stood on tiptoes to enforce his words.  " Yes
Master James.", was all I could say.  My wife smiled at my quick submission to
his will, then grabbed a tube of red lipstick from her bedside table.  She
handed it to me and told me, " Put this on dear, it will make you look nicer for
your Master and Mistress.  I took the cap off, responded, " Yes Mistress Mary." 
And then applied a heavy coat to both lips.  James looked at me and said, " That
is a big improvement, from now on whenever I am here, you will wear that shade
of lipstick." 


     He relaxed his grip on my balls so I was able to stand flat on the floor
again.  Mary reached over, caressed my smooth skin and remarked, " Hmmm, smooth
as a baby's butt."  Then she handed me a bottle of red nail polish and told me
to paint my fingernails and toenails with it. I went to my room and applied a
coat to each of my nails.  They were serious about making me more feminine, and
there was nothing I could do to change that.  When my nails were dry, I returned
to their room.  James stood up and ordered, " Kneel in front of me, it's time
you pleasured me.  I'm going to make you a cock sucking slut now."  I sank to my
knees in front of him, his cock scant inches from my face.  His strong hands
held my head in position as he ordered, " Come on be a good girl, kiss the head
for me."  I knew I was unable to avoid it, so I took his cock in my hands and
kissed the head.  I was stuck by the contrast between my white hands with their
red painted nails and his black cock " Now take it in your mouth.", he
commanded.  I took it into my mouth immediately noticing the it's soft texture. 
" Look up in my eyes while you suck me off." , he now demanded.  I tilted my
head back so I was looking him in the eyes.  " That's right bitch, don't look
away, just keep sucking.", he warned me.  I slavishly sucked away and felt him
grow huge in my mouth. I choked and gagged as he began to thrust himself deeper
into my throat. Tears came into my eyes, but he held me firmly and continued his
thrusts.  Mary was elated to see me being ravished orally and said, " That's the
way Carla, take it like you used to have me do to you.  Take it all!"  With my
head tilted back, he was trying to fuck my throat.  I could barely breath and
was sure I would die.  Just when I was sure I would die I felt him spasm and
shoot his load at the back of my throat.  He came a lot of semen and some of it
dribbled down my chin.  Most of it was in my mouth however.  " Now swallow it
you cocksucker.", he ordered.  I did.  " Good girl," he patted me on the head. 
Mary said, " You were wonderful Carla." She handed me a tissue to wipe away my
tears.

     James ordered, " Fetch me a beer and a glass of wine for Mistress."  I had
barely recovered, but got up ad got them drinks.  When I returned, James
commented, " You weren't much good as a man, but you do have definite
possibilities as Carla."  Mary added her voice saying, " James is right, you
were a failure as a man, but you will make an excellent submissive sissy."  Mary
took her hands and pinched my nipples.  She turned me to face her a she sat on
the bed.  " You know that we are right, don't you?" she asked.  I stared at her
in a surprised stupor.  Suddenly I realized that she had planned all this ahead
of time.  She had used James as a tool, but once she had sex with him, he turned
out to be just what she was looking for.  He was big, muscular, well hung, and
knew how to drive her wild sexually.  He was everything I was not.  Stay here
and be treated like a maid or leave her and walk away were my only choices. 
Mary tugged on my nipples and asked, " Don't you agree dear?"  I nodded my head
yes, knowing it was a surrender of my manhood.  " Great," she exclaimed, "
You'll see, it won't be so bad, you won't have to go to that lousy job anymore. 
Just learn to keep house and serve James and me and everything will run smooth
around here."  I answered, " Yes Mistress Mary, I will try hard to make you
happy."  James patted me lightly on the fanny and said, " That's the spirit
Carla."  I knew that I had just left my old life behind and faced an uncertain
future.

     Mary told me, " You play with your nipples dear, I'll see that you have
some fun too."  My hands caressed my nipples and she began milking my " clit". 
After all the humiliation I had suffered recently, the pleasure of her stroking
was delicious and it wasn't very long before I was ready to spurt.  " Catch your
cum in your left hand dear." Mary commanded.  Automatically my left hand
appeared under the head of my dick just in time to shoot my load into it.  Mary
asked, " Does that make you feel better Carla?"  " Yes Mistress, it sure does."
was my response.  " Good, now lick it up and swallow it.  It will mix with
Jimmy's to bring you closer to him."  James added, " You might as well get to
like the taste as soon as you can."  I licked my hand and swallowed my own
semen.

     " That's a good girl.", James said. He reached into his wallet and handed
me a twenty dollar bill saying, " Take a break from cooking tonight, as a reward
I'll let you order a pizza, make it with everything on it.  Get yourself a glass
of wine while you wait for the delivery."  As I left the room, Mary called out,
" Better put on one of my robes before you answer the door dearie."  She was
right, I had forgotten that I was naked.  It wouldn't do to have the delivery
boy see my naked, hairless body.

     Once I had called the pizza place, I poured me a glass of wine and took a
big swig.  It did help to get rid of the bad taste in my mouth.  I went and got
a robe from the closet, trying to find the least feminine one available.  Then I
looked down at my fingernails and remembered the red lipstick I was wearing and
decided what the hell. I chose a pink soft nightie with a furry white collar. 
If I was forced to be Carla, then I might as well do it right.  I also choose a
pair of matching slippers and slipped them on my feet.  I sat in the living room
sipping my wine until the doorbell rang, then opened it and handed the boy the
twenty saying keep the change.  He looked at me strangely and said, " Thank you
Madam."  I closed the door and took the pizza to the table.  I went to the
bedroom where they were still talking with each other and announced, " Supper is
ready Master."  James nodded and they followed me back to the dining room.  I
refilled Mary's wine glass and brought James another beer.  He looked at me and
said, " Sit down Carla, you may eat with us tonight."  I thanked him and sat
down at the table.  As we ate, they explained my new duties to me and assured
that they would buy me some other things to wear, pretty things.  Mary
especially was trying to reassure that it would be pleasant for me to serve
them.  " Just be sweet and cheerful as you do the housework.  After all when I
had to do those same chores, that's what you expected from me."  She said,
making it sound entirely reasonable.  I had to admit that she was right about
that, that was what I expected from her.  If those chores weren't too demeaning
for her, how could I say that they were below me?  By the time we finished
eating, they had me convinced that being a maid was a step up from my minimum
wage job. 

     I cleared off the table while they chatted like the lovers they were. 
James took her by the hand and told me, " Come on Carla, I'm in the mood for a
threesome."  I followed them down the hall to the bedroom.  Once there, Mary sat
naked on the bed with her legs apart.  James told me to lick her pussy to get
her ready for him.  I knelt between her legs and started licking away.  She lay
back and lifted her legs over my shoulders to give me better access.  While I
was licking her clit, James reached over my back, grabbed my nipples and
squeezed them. He encouraged my efforts saying, " That's the way girl, lick her
to orgasm to get her warmed up for a man."   He tugged my nipples to keep me
working and I found my ' clitty' getting hard.  When Mary reached her orgasm,
James turned me around and ordered, " Now suck me hard slut."  I  looked up at
him with pleading eyes,  but, he assured me, " Don't worry, I won't come in your
mouth this time."  I took his cock in my mouth and sucked it until it was once
again rock hard.  The he pushed me aside and got onto the bed.  " Now take my
cock and guide it into Mary's pussy." he commanded.  I took that massive erect
cock and steered it into Mary's waiting pussy.  Mary took my other hand and held
it tight as he rode her to several orgasms.  When he finally reached his own
climax, he rolled off of her and told me, " It's cleanup time Carla."  I knew
what was expected of me and licked his semen from her sweaty pussy. It reeked of
sweat and his semen, but I dutifully licked and sucked it clean.  James
remarked, " That is my idea of a threesome."  He then added, " Shut off the
light and crawl into bed with us, this is a special treat for you Carla."  I
said, " Thank you Master." and turned off the light.  Mary was on her side of
the bed, James was in the middle, so I crawled in on the other side. 


     They kissed and cuddled for a while and then Mary turned over and went to
sleep.  James then ran his hands over my body.  He whispered to me, " You feel
so smooth Carla, I will make you into a good slut for my pleasure."  His hands
found their way down to my shaved privates.  He fondled my balls and stoked me
to an erection.  Once he had me hard and anticipating an orgasm, he rolled over
and left me panting.  Soon he was snoring away and I was left to wonder what I
had gotten myself into.  It was quite awhile before my erection went down and I
also went to sleep. 

     The next thing I knew it was light in the room and James was fondling my
wife, who was absolutely cooing with delight.  I heard her say, " Oh Jimmy, you
sure know how to turn a lady on." I just laid there quietly listening as he
brought her to orgasm with his hands.  When he noticed that I was awake, he
directed me to get up and put on the coffee.  " Yes Master James." was my reply. 
I got out of bed, went to the kitchen naked, put on the coffee and delivered a
glass of orange juice to each of them.  James reached over her and fondled my
breast, paused a bit and then told Mary, " You know, maybe some breast implants
would look good on Carla."  Mary replied, " Maybe, but let's wait a bit on that
to see if she's worth the expenditure." She then added," I can get some estrogen
pills that will accomplish the same goal much cheaper." James agreed that it was
a wise alternative.  He then ordered me, " Get us breakfast Carla, I'm in the
mood for pancakes this morning."  " Yes Master James.", was my response. 

     I went to the kitchen, got out a box of pancake mix, then following the
directions mixed up a batch of batter.  While the griddle heated up, I decided
that an apron would protect me from any spatters and put on a lacy one.  The
coffee was done by then so I delivered each of them a steaming cup of fresh
brewed coffee.  Mary said, " Oh thank you Carla." as she accepted the proffered
cup. I curtsied and went back to my cooking.  When breakfast was ready and the
table set, I summoned them.  They sat naked at the dinning room table, while I
ate in the kitchen.  I hadn't been invited to join them this morning.  They ate
and chatted, summoning me occasionally to refill their coffee, while I sat
pouting in the kitchen.  When they finished their coffee and chat, they got up
and went back to the bedroom and I cleared off the table and cleaned up the
kitchen.  Just as I was finishing up my cleanup tasks, Master James called out,
" Carla come in here."  I went to their bedroom immediately.  James was telling
Mary, " I had a great time this weekend darling, but I have to be in Lincoln
early in the morning."  He continued, " I'd better get home and packed."  Mary
told him she didn't want to see him go, but he reassured her saying, " I'll be
back in two weeks dear, in the meantime you can take Carla shopping for some new
things to wear."  She nodded then kissed him.  He looked at me menacingly and
asked, " Carla you will obey your mistress like a good girl won't you?"  His
manner made it clear that there would be dire consequences if I didn't, so I
responded, " Yes Master James."  My quick response gratified him enough to bring
a smile to his face.  He quickly got dressed, gave Mary a hug, patted me on my
bare ass and left the house.


     As soon as he drove away, I asked my wife, " Is this really what you want? 
Do you want me to be your maid?"  Mary was still beaming with the joy from her
delightful weekend and nodded yes.  She told me, " You were never much of a man
anyway dear, and as Carla you will be of much more value to me.  You can quit
that low-paying job and keep the house nice."  " But dear," I protested, " Do I
have to dress and act like a woman to do that?"  She barked back at me, " That's
Mistress to you Carla. Is that small detail too much to ask you to do for me?" 
I cast my eyes down and said, " No mistress, that's not too much to ask."  She
patted me on the shoulder and said, " That's a good girl."   She lifted up my
apron, gazed at my genitals for a minute, then said," I like your new look
dearie, men have body hair, but we girls stay clean shaven, Don't we?"  Although
she had seen me nude many times over the years, this time I really felt
embarrassed having her examine me.  I managed to mumble, " No Mistress, we don't
have body hair."  " Be sure that you keep it that way from now on Carla." , she
added.  " Yes Mistress." was all I could say.  She was delighted by my
acceptance of her power over me.  She tried to assuage my hurt feelings by
assuring me, " It will be fun having another lady in the house, you can still
service me orally but my pussy is reserved for Jimmy's magnificent cock."   She
looked at me lovingly and asked, " You understand the reason for that don't
you?"  I nodded my head feeling shame that I wasn't able to please her in bed
like James could. 

     Mary told me, " I'm going to take a shower now, you'd better start planning
what you're cooking for supper. There are cookbooks on the shelf in the kitchen,
start reading some of those to learn to make more than simple dishes."  I
responded, "Yes Mistress." and turned to leave.  She stopped me saying, " Don't
you think a nice curtsy would be a respectful gesture when leaving your
Mistress?"  I was taken off guard by this question, and automatically responded,
" Yes Mistress."  She smiled sweetly and ordered, " Let's see you do that now." 
I gave my best imitation of a ladylike curtsy, but holding the hem of my apron
wasn't the same as holding a skirt.  "Very nice sissy, let's make that  required
from now on.", she stated firmly.  I repeated the curtsy and left to start
learning how to cook.

     The rest of the day went by smoothly, she sat by the pool reading, while I
read in the kitchen. I fixed and served her a nice supper which she ate alone. 
After she finished eating, she went back to her reading while I cleaned up.  She
watched a little television and then went to bed early.  As she left for her
bedroom, she told me, " You'd better set the alarm so you will have breakfast
ready before I leave for work."  I assured her that it would be ready and went
to my room.  I set the alarm clock to go off earlier than usual, so I  would
have time to make myself presentable before she woke up.  Thinking over the
things that had happened to me this weekend and wondering about my future kept
me awake for quite awhile before I drifted off to sleep.  




Chapter 2


     The alarm clock buzzing aroused me from a fitful slumber.  I jumped out of
bed and went to the basement shower.  The shower refreshed me as I soaped up my
hairless body and rinsed it off.  I checked my nails and decided that they were
still painted nicely.  I slipped into the nightie, reapplied my lipstick and
headed up to the kitchen.  By the time that Mary came out of her room, the
coffee was ready along with a bowl of cereal and toast.  " Good morning
Mistress." I greeted her cheerfully.  " Good morning Carla."  She replied.  She
ate her breakfast in silence, then got dressed for work. As she did her makeup,
she told me, " You'll have to learn to do this for yourself too, we girls have
to look pretty.  When I get home tonight, we can start your instruction."   I
had decided to make the best of my situation and replied, " Yes Mistress, that
will be nice of you."  She looked beautiful all dressed to go to court today.  I
knew that I could never leave her, better to serve her as a maid than to be
without her.  She told me, " Today is laundry day, be sure you change the sheets
on my bed too."  I assured her that I would do a good job and that supper would
be ready when she came home.  She patted me on the head saying, " That's a good
girl, I know you will do your best for me."  She grabbed her brief case and
walked out the door.  I poured myself a cup of coffee, then called my boss and
told him that I was quitting and wouldn't be coming in again.  He made threats
that he would make sure that I didn't get another job in this city, but I just
laughed and hung up.  I already had another job! 

     The day went by surprisingly fast.  I changed the bed linen, did all the
laundry and by the time  I had put all the clean clothes away, it was time to
start supper.  I brushed out my long hair and tried to look my best for when
Mary came home.  She walked in looking tired and gladly took the glass of white
wine I handed her.  " Thanks Carla, I had a rough day.", she said.  She sipped
her wine and tried to unwind. When her glass was empty, she went to her room and
got undressed and slipped into her robe.  She went to the dining room and sat
down at the table where I had set a place for her.  As I served her food, she
told me, " Bring your food in here sissy, you may eat with me tonight."  " Yes
Mistress, thank you." was my immediate reply.  She told me that the trial was
going well, and that it would probably be over in a few days.  " Then I can take
some time off to get you something else to wear."  She looked at me and said, "
You're probably getting tired of that nightie by now."  I looked down at the
short pink garment and nodded.  " Just be a little patient for a few more days
and I'll buy you some lovely things to wear."  she assured me.  I knew that she
would get me some other things to wear, but still worried about dressing as a
woman all the time.  We finished our meal making small talk, then I cleared off
the table and cleaned up the kitchen and she handed me a pill to take.  " Take
your vitamin pill sissy, you must keep healthy." she directed me. I suspected
that it was not a vitamin, but female hormone pill. Never the less, I swallowed
it and washed it down with a glass of water.  She went of to her bedroom to get
prepared for the next day in court.

     Before she went to bed, she took me into the bathroom where she plucked my
eyebrows into a nice feminine arch and showed me how to use the eyebrow pencil
to darken them.  She also had me apply mascara to my eyelashes.  " Do you see
how this makes your eyes come alive?" she asked.  I responded, " Oh yes
Mistress, it sure does."  She ordered, " Make this a part of your daily routine
dearie."  She took me by the hand and led me to her bedroom.  Her bedroom, it
used to be our bedroom.  Taking off her robe, she pulled down the covers and sat
on the edge of the bed with her legs spread.  " Come here sissy, please your
mistress.", she commanded.  I knelt in front of her and kissed her pussy lips. 
She lifted her legs to rest them on my shoulders, then pulled my head to her
crotch.  She had me lick her to several orgasms, before she let me quit.  When I
stood up, she lightly fondled my balls saying, " These are cute little things. 
Now I need to get some sleep, goodnight."

     " Goodnight Mistress, sleep well." I replied and went to my room.




Chapter 3

     The rest of the week went on about the same, she would go to court, I would
do the household chores.  The trial ended on Thursday afternoon, Mary had won
her case.  She came home elated.  "I won!", she announced as she walked in the
door.  " That's wonderful Mistress." I said.  I was so proud of her.  She
exclaimed joyfully, " Tomorrow I have the day off, we can finally go shopping."

As much as I was looking forward to having something to wear besides this same
old nightie, I had reservations about going shopping for women's clothes.  With
my eye makeup, lipstick and painted nails, I would look like a freak to everyone
who saw me.  It was bad enough in the safety of home, but in public, it would be
much worse.

     Mary allowed me to join her in having a glass of wine.  She chatted happily
about how she had won her case.  She told me, " You know with you taking care of
things at home, I was free to concentrate all my energies.  You really helped me
to be victorious."  I beamed with pride at her praise.  Maybe I was better at
being a maid than I was as a man.  After several glasses of wine, I cleaned up
the kitchen and loaded the dishwasher.  Mary told me. " Come here my sissy girl,
I 'm in the mood to play tonight and James isn't here."  I stood in front of her
and she removed my nightie, then began fondling my nipples.  My little cock got
hard as she sucked on each of my nipples in turn.  She took my cock in her hand
and led me to her bedroom.  She stripped off her clothes, pulled me to her and
kissed me hard. Her tongue invaded my mouth. She asked, " Do you want to fuck
sissy?"  I eagerly said, " Oh yes Mistress, very much so."  She leered at me and
said, " Very well, I'm going to show you how two girls can fuck."  She went to
her closet and came back out wearing a strap-on dildo.  It was black and had to
be 8" long.  " Get down on all fours sissy, I'm going to show you how it feels
to get fucked.", she ordered.  I got down on all fours, she knelt behind me and
I felt her rubbing some kind of lubricant on my asshole and even shoving some
inside me with her finger.  Then I felt the head of that cock shoving it's way
into me.  " Oooh, Mistress, it hurts." I protested.  " Nonsense, Carla, I am
being gentle and you will get used to it soon." she said in a soothing voice.  "
Remember, you used to request that I let you screw me in the ass, this will show
you why I always refused.", she stated flatly.  It was true, I had in the past
asked her to let me fuck her in the ass.  She eased in slowly until it was in to
the hilt.  I moaned, but she ordered. " Take it all like a good bitch."  She
began stroking it in and out and reached around to pinch my nipples.  Holding
them firmly she pulled me back to meet her thrusts.  " Come on baby, wiggle that
cute ass for me.", she demanded.  She was riding me hard now, ramming that dildo
deep on each thrust of her hips.  When I climaxed, spurting on the carpet she
stopped her motion, slapped me on the ass and pulled out.  I was weak, exhausted
and spent.  She announced, " Now you are a woman Carla."  She pointed to the
semen on the floor and ordered, " Clean that up before it stains the carpet."  I
got up on wobbly knees and got a Kleenex from the night stand and wiped it up. 
Mary stood up, unstrapped the dildo and got in bed.  " Goodnight sissy, see you
in the morning." she said, dismissing me.  I curtsied and left for my own room. 
My ass hurt, my nipples throbbed and I felt totally used.  I cried myself to
sleep.

     The next morning I was up, had showered, put on my eye makeup and lipstick
and nightie before Mary awoke.  She walked into the kitchen wearing her robe and
I poured her a cup of coffee.  " Good morning Mistress." I greeted her.  She
patted me on the ass and sat down at the kitchen table.  She smiled at me and
said, " I had fun last night sissy, the power of being the one doing the fucking
is quite stimulating."  I thought to myself, yes it sure was nice to be doing
the fucking.  She continued, " I suppose I should ask if you enjoyed it, but
then you never cared if I enjoyed the sex, so it doesn't matter if you did or
not."  I merely blushed, realizing that she was right about that.  I used to
roll over and go to sleep after my climax, not thinking that she hadn't been
satisfied.  She ate her breakfast alone, then went to shower and get dressed. 
She handed me a pair of her white shorts and a pink blouse.  " You can wear
these and a pair of sandals while we go shopping.", she told me. 

     When she was ready to go she called to me, " Come here sissy, let's see how
you look."  I sheepishly went to her.  She told me, " Not too bad, but you still
look more like a sissy than a woman, but we'll buy you some pretty things
today."  She went into the garage with me following behind.  She got behind the
driver's seat and I sat on the passenger side.  She drove us downtown and parked
in front of a store.  She knew where she was heading all along.  She led the way
into what turned out to be a store that catered to transsexuals and
transvestites.  The owner came up to her and greeted her, " Hello Mary, glad you
came back to see us.  Is this the new lady?"  Mary answered him, " Yes, this is
Carla, see what you can do to make her more like a lady."  He looked at me and
told Mary, " Certainly, that's our specialty, follow me."  He led us to the
clothes racks where they had me try on many outfits.  The first things were a
couple of maid outfits, one with a short black skirt and the other had a short
red skirt. They both had white blouses, a lacy white apron and a little lacy
white hat.  She also selected a black leather miniskirt and a see through blouse
as another outfit.  A couple of short lacy nighties were also added to our pile. 
Next we went over to the lingerie section where she selected a corset, several
bra's and some silicone breast forms to fill them out nicely.  Next I was led to
the shoe section where I tried on different styles of high heeled shoes. Mary
picked out six pairs all with 4" heels.  A pair of wigs was the next purchase,
one long blonde one and a short brunette pixie cut.  As we headed towards the
check out counter, she spied a pair of pink slacks and after checking the size,
added them to our stack.  Mary handed me one of the bra's and told me to take it
to the changing room and put it on with the silicone forms inside.  I went to
the room and took off my blouse, donned the bra, stuffed the forms inside and
put the blouse back on.  When I came back to the counter, the owner whistled a
wolf whistle at me.  Mary smiled, and said," Very sexy Carla, take off those
sandals and slip on your new heels.  I did as she ordered and walked behind her
carrying our purchases to the car.

     When we got home she had me carry my new clothes into the house and hang
them in my closet.   She told me, " Change into the red maid outfit with the
matching heels and come back here."  I went to my room, now known as the maid's
quarters to change.  I left the stuffed bra on which filled out the front of my
blouse nicely.  The short skirt barely covered my ass, and the red stockings
slid easily up my shaved legs.  When I put the shoes on, I thought I looked good
in the full length mirror.  At the last moment, I put on the long blonde wig and
brushed it out. Putting on the little lacy hat completed the outfit.  I walked
proudly out to show Mary how I looked.  She said, " Oh Carla, you look darling." 
I blushed and thanked her for her praise. 

     "Come on dearie, we have to pack up all your old male clothes since you
won't be needing them anymore."  We spent the next hour putting all my socks,
underwear, jeans, shirts and even my suit into plastic garbage bags.  All these
bags we took to the car.  Mary told me, " You'd better start supper, I'll be
back in a bit.  I watched as she backed the car into the street and drove away
with the last traces of my manhood.  There was no turning back now, even if I
wanted to leave, the only things I had to wear were slutty looking. Where would
I go dressed like that?  Resigned to my new life, I started cooking supper. 


     Mary came back before the meal was ready and I served her a glass of wine. 
She told me. " The Goodwill store was happy to receive your generous donation." 
I acknowledged her statement and went back to stirring the hot dish I was
making.  After a few hours in heels, my feet were sore and my calves ached.  I
had a new respect for what women endure to look sexy.  Despite my discomfort I
set a place at the dining room table for her and served up her supper.  She ate
quietly reading the paper. I ate alone in the kitchen and took my vitamin pill.
She watched television for a couple of hours and then went to bed  alone.  I
went to my room and read one of my cookbooks before putting on one of my new
nighties and going to sleep.

     Saturday morning I woke at my usual time, showered, painted my nails again,
did my eyes and  shaved my body again.  All of this preparation was quite a
change for a guy who used to roll out of bed, slip on jeans and a shirt, gulp a
cup of coffee and head off to work.  I made a pot of coffee and sat at the
kitchen table to wait for Mary to show up.  She was sleeping late today, so I
decided that it would be best if I were dressed when she got up.  I went to my
room, put on the maid outfit with the black skirt, stuffed bra, white blouse,
starched apron, a pair of thigh high hose and black heels.

The brunette wig and lace hat completed the outfit.  I went back to finish my
coffee.

     Mary walked into the kitchen about 10AM.  I poured her a cup of coffee and
asked, " Did you sleep well Mistress?"  She nodded, then said," Yes thank you, I
sure needed the rest."  " I'll just have a glass of orange juice and a piece of
toast this morning Carla," se told me, then added, " You look very nice this
morning dear."  I thanked her, gave a polite curtsy and left to get her
breakfast.  When I brought her meal, I also delivered the morning paper.  She
ate her small meal while she read the paper.  As I refilled her coffee cup, she
slipped her hand under my skirt and fondled my buns.  I used to do that to her,
now she was treating me as a sexual object.  I just smiled sweetly and stood
there until she removed her hand.  She finished reading the paper, Then stood up
and shed her robe.  Her nude body was gorgeous, even more so now that it was
unavailable to me.  She announced, " I'm going for a swim, bring me out a
towel."  She walked out to the pool and slipped into the water.  I brought a
towel out to pool side and stood there watching her nude body move through the
clear water.  She was teasing me, and it was driving me wild inside.  She swam
for twenty minutes or so and then climbed out of the pool. I hurried over to
hand her the towel, but she said, " You may dry me sissy."  I wiped her body dry
with the towel, enjoying the feel of her body even through the terry cloth
material.  " Thanks Dear",  she casually commented as she walked back into the
house.  I followed along behind her. 


     Mary walked into her bedroom and summoned me.  When I entered the room she
was sitting naked on the bed with her legs spread.  Smiling, she pointed at her
crotch.  I knelt in front of her and she pulled my face to her pussy.  She kept
me licking until she had 3 orgasms before she pushed me away.  " Carla that was
fantastic.", she said praising my efforts.  " You are much better as my sissy
than you ever were as a husband."  She continued.  She was probably right, I had
never made her come like that as Carl.  " Go get me a glass of wine dear, I'm in
the mood to party now.", she ordered.  " Yes Mistress.", I replied, stood up,
gave a polite curtsy and went to get the drink.  She took the glass and sipped
on it, then asked, " Would you like to have an orgasm too?"  I quickly answered,
" Oh Yes please Mistress."  She quickly drained her glass, walked into her
closet and emerged wearing her strap-on dildo.  Noticing my surprise, she said,
" Now sissy, you know how I can make you come, just like the last time you had
an orgasm.  You climax being fucked like the slut you are."  I blushed and
agreed that was true.  " Lift your skirt and lean over the bed."  I did what she
told me and she handed me her wine glass.  " Hold this under your clitty, we
don't want you making a mess again.", she demanded.  I obeyed her.  She lubed up
both my ass and the dildo, then slowly shoved her way into me.  She fucked me
hard and fast, Holding my hips and ramming deep with each thrust.  She enjoyed
her power trip, but I must have enjoyed my submissive role too, as I quickly
came shooting my puny load into the wine glass.  She pulled out and had me stand
upright.  " See, do I know how to make my sissy come?", she asked.  Blushing at
the title of sissy and the knowledge that indeed she did, I responded, " Yes
Mistress, you certainly do."  She smile smugly and told me, " It's time to start
supper, after you wash your 'pussy' and hands too.  But first drink your semen
from that glass, the sooner you get to like the taste, the better it will be for
you.", she added as an afterthought.  I emptied the contents of the glass into
my mouth and licked the inside of the glass until it was clean.  Then I hurried
to the bathroom to wash myself and also to brush my teeth to rid myself of the
aftertaste. 

     Twenty minutes later, as I was stirring the stew, Mary walked out wearing
only her robe and strap-on.  She walked up behind me and told me, " Lean over
the counter sissy, time for more fun."

She unceremoniously shoved the prelubed dildo up my ass and once more fucked me
to an orgasm.  This time I shot only a little bit of semen on the floor.  She
pulled out and told me, " Lick it up sissy, we must keep a clean kitchen." 
Despite being weak from the assault, I knelt down and complied with her order. 
She closed her robe and went to the dining room and sat at the table to await
her meal.  As I served her supper, she commented, " No wonder men like to screw
so much, it's a real power trip."  I curtsied and went to eat in the kitchen. I
thought back over the many times I had taken her without any foreplay or
advanced notice, especially when we were first married.  Those had been my power
trip then, now was payback time.   In spite of the feeling of being used, I had
to admit, I'd come twice in a short time, something I hadn't done in years. 
Perhaps I was meant to be the one penetrated after all.  After she finished her
meal, Mary went to her room to read and then to sleep.

The kitchen was cleaned up, the dishwasher loaded and then I stripped off my
clothes and took a shower.  Even after my shower, I still felt dirty.  I put on
my nightie and crawled into bed with mixed feelings.




Chapter 4

     Sunday was a peaceful day, I merely served as her maid, with no sexual
duties required.  On Monday Mary went back to work and I did the laundry, taking
care to starch and iron my blouses and aprons. I hand washed my bra's due to
their lacy trim.  Tuesday and Wednesday I vacuumed the house and dusted.  I
found that along with cooking the meals, these duties filled my days.  Each
night after supper, I took my ' vitamin' pill.  How Mary had done all this stuff
and worked too was beyond me.  I understood why she jumped at James's idea of
turning me into a maid.  Friday morning Mary was very cheerful, her Jimmy would
be here tonight!  I was wearing my black skirt, mesh hose,  starched blouse and
apron along with the blonde wig.  Mary complimented me on my appearance before
leaving for work.  I played a bit on my computer, knowing that I was ready for
Master to show up. 


     About noon, the doorbell rang.  I opened the door and there stood Master
with an overnight bag.  " Good day Master James,", I greeted him with a polite
curtsy.  " Hello Carla, I see that you are properly dressed.", he said and
walked into the house.  He handed me his bag and told me to take it into his
room.  His room?  Knowing what he wanted I delivered it to the master bedroom,
then returned to see him lounging in the family room.  " Fetch me a cold beer
sissy.", he ordered when I returned.  I walked to the refrigerator and got him a
can of beer.  When I handed it to him, he reached under my skirt and fondled my
balls.  " Lift up your skirt Carla, I want to inspect my bitch."

Holding my skirt in each hand, I raised it to my waist.  He gazed at my genitals
for a minute or so, then remarked, " Very nice, I see that you have kept it
shaved like I told you to."  " Yes Master, I have obeyed you." was my weak
reply.  He stood up and ordered, " Undress your Master."  Fearful as I was about
his intentions, defying him would be futile.  I let my skirt fall back into
place and unbuttoned his shirt.  Next I knelt to untie his work boots and remove
them as well as his socks.  I started to rise, but he forcefully commanded, "
Stay down there and continue."  From my position on my knees, I undid his belt
and unzipped his pants. With shaky hands, I slid his them down to find he wore
no underwear.  I was facing his mighty cock mere inches from my face.  He
stepped out of the pants and stood naked displaying his manly body to me.  "
Take off your apron and blouse Carla.", he ordered.  I obeyed quickly sensing
that he would tolerate no stalling on my part.  " Remove the bra too." was his
follow up command.  I reached back and unhooked my bra and removed it with the
falsies still in the cups and laid it aside.  " Very good, I am horny and think
a blow job from my sissy slut is in order.", he remarked casually.  He looked
down at me with scorn and asked, " What's the matter sissy?  You haven't
forgotten what to do so soon have you?"  No I certainly hadn't forgotten.  I
took his big black cock in my hands and kissed the head of it.  Then I licked
along the sides before taking it into my mouth.  My red lipstick left traces on
him, but he seemed to just get more turned on by that.  He reached down, 
grabbed my nipples in his fingers and pinched them hard as he thrust himself
deep into my throat.  I choked and gagged, but kept sucking.

" Don't worry babe, before I am through with you, you'll be taking my 10" with
no trouble at all. You just need lots of practice."  He laughed at his own
sadistic humor.  He was tugging on my nipples to forcing me forward to meet his
thrusts.  He kept me sucking as he fucked my mouth until he shot a massive load
in my mouth.  " Swallow it you sissy slut.", he ordered.  Of course, I obeyed
this order.  He took a swig from his beer and told me, " Not bad for a new
cocksucker.  You learn quick and that makes your Master happy."  Still kneeling
there with tears streaming down my cheeks and my hands holding my sore nipples,
I managed to mumble, " Thank you Master."  He looked at me without pity and
commanded, " Crawl around behind me and lick my ass to thank me for my trouble." 
I was stunned by this demand and begged him, " Please Master , please don't make
me do that."  He reached down, removed his belt from his pants and with a
menacing glare told me, " My orders are not negotiable.  I give the orders, you
merely have to obey them." 


     James grabbed my by my neck and lifted me to my feet. Sitting down on the
couch, he pulled me across his lap.  He was so strong my struggles were futile. 
He said, " If you were a man I would have hit you with my fists, but since you
are a sissy cocksucker, I'll spank you like a naughty child."  His belt struck
me so hard across my right ass cheek that I yelped with pain.  He then stuck the
left cheek a similar blow that made me beg for mercy.  " Please Master, no more,
I will do whatever you tell me to."  He tossed me to the floor saying, " Very
well, but remember that this was just a taste of what I will do if you don't
obey."  Although I couldn't see them, I knew he had left two welts on my poor
bottom.  He stood up, turned around and commanded, " Ok, now lick my ass."  My
tongue tentatively licked his ass cheek.  " Not like that, use your hands to
spread those cheeks and lick between them.", he demanded.  My spirit was
completely broken by now, so I spread his cheeks and licked and kissed his
asshole.  He was still sweaty from the drive to get here and it was grossly
degrading, but he still held the belt in his hand.  He laughed at me as I
slavishly licked his asshole.  Finally satisfied that he had demeaned me enough,
he let me stop.  " No need to put that uniform back on Carla, just put on a
nightie and relax a bit.  Keep the heels on though, they make your legs look
nice."  Meekly I replied, " Yes Master, thank you sir."  Walking away
remembering to put a wiggle in my ass, I went to the bathroom, washed my face
and reapplied lipstick.  I took off my skirt and hung up my blouse.  I wondered
about the bra, but decided that if he didn't like it, I would go without.  After
regaining a small amount of composure, I went back out wearing only my black
nightie and high heels and no wig.

     James was still sitting naked on the couch finishing his beer.  He loved to
flaunt his manly body to keep me aware of my own puny one.  He got up, walked
out to the pool and dove in.  He swam a dozen laps of the pool and then relaxed
in the floating lawn chair for an hour or so.  When he was ready, he walked back
into the house grabbing the towel I was holding for him.  " I'm going for a
shower now.", he announced.  When he finished his shower and dressed, he came
back to the family room.  He was wearing a tight pair of slacks and a white
T-shirt that showed of his muscles.  I could see why Mary was attracted to him. 
He sat and watched ESPN on the television to pass the time waiting for Mary to
get home.  I busied myself in the kitchen, getting their meal prepared.  Mary
had requested that I prepare a fondu supper for them tonight.  Cutting the
steaks into cubes, preparing the salad and making the dips filled up my time
waiting for her to come home from work. 

     Mary walked in from the garage and greeted James with a big kiss.  " Oh
Jimmy," she exclaimed, " I have been looking forward to this weekend ever since
you left."  He hugged her close and replied," Likewise my dear, I have missed
you so much."  He kissed her again, then added," But, a few more weeks and that
job will be done and I won't have to leave town."  She hugged him expressing her
glee with his announcement.  She noticed me standing there holding a glass of
wine for each of them and remarked, " Carla that is very thoughtful of you, but
what happened to your maid outfit?"  I just blushed and handed them their wine. 
James said, " Carla kept me entertained while I was waiting. I got here a bit
early."  Feeling grateful that he didn't go into detail about how I had done
that, I merely said, " Supper will be served in fifteen minutes or so Mistress." 
They sat on the couch and chatted about their time apart, while I heated the oil
and lit the candles on their table.

     The fondu meal had always been one of our favorites for special occasions,
and now she was sharing one with him and I was waiting in the kitchen.  They
cooked cubes of meat, sipped wine and talked for over an hour before they were
finished.  They were clearly enjoying each other's company and would soon be
enjoying each other's bodies.  The prolonged meal was part of the foreplay. 
When they left for the bedroom, I cleared off the table and cleaned up the
kitchen feeling very left out.  When James called out," Carla, get your sissy
ass in here.", it came almost as a relief.  I hurried to their bedroom as fast
as those high heels would carry me.  They were both naked when I entered , and
James merely pointed at his cock.  His meaning was clear, so I knelt in front of
him and began sucking his cock.  He quickly became rock hard and pushed me aside
to mount Mary.  This was to be our routine, I had deduced.  I would suck him
hard, and lick them clean afterwards.  Mary grabbed my left nipple and pulled me
to kneel beside the bed while they had sex.  The motions of their coupling were
transmitted through my nipple, in effect, we were having a threesome.  They
finally finished their lovemaking, I licked their genitals clean and they
dismissed me.


     The next morning, I woke up hearing Mary swearing like a sailor. " Damn it!
I've looked forward to this for two weeks and now I get my period!"  James
reassured her, " Don't worry baby, sure it's a disappointment, but we will have
many more times for sex."  She replied, " But, I wanted this weekend to be so
perfect for you."  She saw me looking in the door, smiled and said, " I know,
you can use Carla this weekend.  You made her dress like a woman, now you can
use her for your pleasure."  James looked at me standing there in a short black
nightie and high heels and said, " Carla is a virgin in her ' pussy' isn't she?" 
Mary giggled and replied, " Not quite."  James asked, " Not quite, what do you
mean by that?"  She told him, " A girl has to have some fun while you're away. 
I used my dildo on the sissy."  James roared with laughter at hearing her
confession.  When he stopped laughing, he remarked, " That would be something
worth seeing, you screwing Carla."  Mary told him, " I'd be happy to
demonstrate, but I think you'd get more satisfied if you screwed her."  He
looked at me standing there smiled and said," Well this is an emergency of sorts
and the old saying is ' Any port in a storm.' ."  He beckoned me to come to him
and pointed to his cock.  I  knew what that meant and knelt before him and took
his cock into my mouth.  " Hmmm nice," he praised me, then ordered, " Get it
nice and hard Carla so I can fuck you."  The thought of his mighty cock invading
my ass was repulsive to me, but I didn't dare stop sucking.  As soon as he was
very hard, he pushed me back, moved behind me and ordered, " Stand up, spread
your legs and put your elbows on the bed."  When I obeyed, Mary moved behind me
and put some lube in and around my asshole.  She advised me," Just relax dearie,
this is what you always wanted me to do for you, now you can do it for me."  She
was correct in that statement, I had often requested anal sex from her, but she
always refused.  James didn't wait to see what I wanted, he started shoving
himself into my ass.  It hurt at first, but he took his time so I could adapt to
the invasion.  When he was completely in me he withdrew part way and quickly
shoved it home again. He was soon fucking me with vigor and holding my nipples
to guide my movements.  I was rocked back and forth helplessly until he finally
reached his climax and shot his load deep inside me.  " Bravo Carla."  Mary
cheered my submission.  He pulled out of me, leaving me exhausted.  Mary noticed
that I had come while being screwed and she exclaimed, " I see our sissy likes
getting fucked by Jimmy too, she had an orgasm."  I blushed with shame for
having been used like a slut and still showing evidence of being turned on. 

     James told me, " Back on your knees slut, it's time to lick me clean." 
Weary though I was, and with his semen leaking from my ass, I knelt in front of
him.  What I saw was a slimy black cock with small bits of my fecal matter on
it.   " Lick it clean bitch." he demanded.  Despite my revulsion, I obeyed him
and licked it clean.  He told me," Good girl, but at least for the rest of this
weekend I suggest that you give yourself an enema and keep your ' pussy' greased
up."  I  merely replied, " Yes Master."  Mary helped me to my feet saying, " You
did well girl, now go get cleaned up and I will make the coffee this morning." 
I gave a polite curtsy, then left to clean my inside as well as the outside of
my body.  Once in the basement bathroom, I filled the enema bag with warm soapy
water, hung it from the shower curtain rod, inserted the nozzle in my slimy
asshole and released the clip.  Kneeling on the floor with the liquid flooding
my insides was gross, but, I realized that it would clean me out and make
licking him clean after the next rape much easier.  When I could no longer hold
the liquid inside of me, I sat on the toilet and expelled it.  A nice warm
shower helped me to feel clean again.  I dried myself, put on a clean nightie,
freshened my lipstick and stepped into my heels.  I was ready to rejoin them.


     James heard the click of my heels as I entered the kitchen and called out,
" Get yourself a cup of coffee and join us Carla."  I poured myself a cup of
coffee and then went to sit at the dining room table with them.  James told me,
" Relax sissy, now you are my bitch, and I treat my bitches well."  I noticeably
relaxed, so he said, " As long as you serve me cheerfully and quickly, there
will be no need for me to inflict pain on you."  Mary added, " Jimmie can be so
sweet if you keep him satisfied."  Sitting there feeling very used, I never the
less nodded and smiled cheerfully.  I had already decided that degradation was
better than pain.  Mary continued, " You may be feeling like you have been
mistreated, but your orgasm gave your true feelings away.  You enjoyed being
Jimmie's sex toy.  You were meant to be a sissy slut dearie."  I timidly
replied, " Yes Mistress, but I used to be a man."  She laughed and told me, "
Yes, but you weren't much good as a man.  You didn't make much money, you
couldn't satisfy your wife sexually, and didn't even have a manly body."  I knew
now that she was right, although before James showed up I never realized my
shortcomings.  " Now look at you dear, you keep the house nice, cook pretty
well, and satisfy us sexually as a woman.  Wouldn't you rather be a successful
woman than a failure as a man?"  I nodded my head, conceding to the logic of her
argument.  James chipped in, " That's a good girl, accept your lot in life and
you will be much happier."  " Yes Master James." was my response.  Then he told
me, " Master James is so formal, you may call me sir now that we're lovers."  I
said, " Yes sir, thank you sir." 

     They sat and talked with each other while I fixed a nice brunch for us.  We
ate together and then Mary got up and handed me a grocery list.  " Go to the
store and pick up the items on this list Carla.  You can wear your new pink
slacks and blouse.  Better wear the padded bra and a wig too.  You do want to
look nice when you go out in public dearie."  It was bad enough to dress like a
girl at home, but out in public alone would be much worse.  I went to my room
and dressed as she suggested, took my purse with the cash she handed me and
drove myself to the market. Since I had never been there before, it took me some
time to find everything.  I felt very out of place and ill at ease dressed as I
was.  I paid for the groceries, loaded them in the car and drove home feeling
much relieved.  James  helped me carry the bags into the house like a gentleman,
but it was up to me to empty them and put the stuff away.  Mary was pleased with
my performance, but told me, " Now dearie, be sure that you keep a list of
things you need for next time you go shopping."  I merely answered, " Yes
Mistress."

By the time the groceries were all put away, it was time to start supper, so I
changed back into my nightie and put on an apron.  They watched a movie from our
DVD collection until supper was ready.  When I told them that supper was served,
they once again allowed me to eat with them. We had a pleasant meal with nice
friendly conversation.  Once it was finished, I cleared off the table and
cleaned up the kitchen.  They watched another movie, so I went to their room and
lubricated my ass, just in case James was horny again.  I served them a couple
of rounds of drinks during the movie as they were cuddling together.


     They watched the nightly news and Saturday Night Live, before heading off
to bed.  I was sitting in my room reading when they summoned me.  James Called
out, " Carla baby, come in here."  When I walked into their bedroom, they were
laying naked on the sheets.  " Take off your nightie and heels and lay here
beside me sissy."  " Yes sir.", was the only response open to me.  I slipped the
nightie over my head, dropped it on the floor and stepped out of my heels. 
Crawling on the bed beside him, I knew what he wanted me for.  He quickly pulled
my head down to his cock saying, " Suck it bitch, get me good and hard."  I was
getting good at this by now, and quickly sucked him hard.  He grabbed my hair
and pulled me back to lay flat on my back.  He got to his knees, lifted my legs
over his shoulders and forced his way inside me.  " Smile bitch, and keep
looking into my eyes.", he ordered.  He was quickly fucking me hard and fast. 
Mary held my hand and urged me to  enjoy myself.  James told me, " Move your ass
bitch, I'm doing all the work here and moan like you love it."  I began
thrusting up against his thrusts and moaning like a slut to please him.  His
sneer soon turned into a smile when he shot his load deep inside me.  Once more,
I had an orgasm while being fucked like a girl and shot my load onto my stomach. 
Mary scooped up my semen, put it in my mouth and made me lick her hand clean. 
James withdrew his softening cock from me and put it to my mouth ordering, "
Lick it clean sissy."  I was now very glad that I'd given myself that enema, as
there was no particles of shit on his cock this time.  When He was satisfied, He
turned off the light and rolled over to go to sleep.  I lay there for a long
time thinking. It had been years since I had come twice in the same day as a
man, but today I had done that while in the female role.  Perhaps being their
maid and sex toy was what I was designed for. 

     The next morning I was awakened with James shoving his cock into my exposed
ass.  He humped me for quite a while before he again brought us to simultaneous
orgasms.  He kissed me on the neck, patted my ass and went to the bathroom. 
Mary told me, " Time to fix breakfast dearie, I think bacon and eggs this
morning."  Despite feeling very well used, I got out of bed, donned my nightie,
slipped into my heels and went to the kitchen.  I put on the coffee, then went
to the bathroom to wipe away the goo leaking from my ass.  I freshened my
lipstick before returning to cook.  Three fried eggs over easy for James and one
for Mary along with orange juice, toast and jelly made up their breakfast.  As
soon as the coffee was done, I delivered a cup to each of them.  Mary thanked
me, James just nodded his head.  I told them that breakfast was ready, so they
took their cups to the dining room.  After I had served them their meal, James
pointed towards the kitchen, so I went in there to eat alone.  I refilled their
coffee a couple of times and cleared off the table. 

     They walked naked out to the pool to go for a swim, I hurried out with
towels for them.  They sent me back to bring them cocktails.  Clearly they
considered me back in my maid role now.  Only a couple of hours ago he had
screwed me, and now he only had eyes for Mary.  They enjoyed themselves swimming
and sitting by the pool most of the afternoon.  I gave myself an enema,
showered, lubricated my ass and touched up my nail polish before starting
supper.  They walked in wrapped in their towels and holding hands.  When they
sat at the dining room table, I served their supper.  Since they made no offer
to join them, I ate in the kitchen.  Once they'd finished eating, James decided
that he'd better get going.  " Carla, come in here.", James ordered.  I went to
the dining room and saw him stand up, drop his towel, and point to his cock.  He
smiled and said, " Just a quickie this time my sissy bitch."  I knelt before him
and sucked his cock until he shot his load into my mouth.  He patted me on the
cheek and said," Good job girl, you learn fast."  He got dressed, picked up his
bag, kissed Mary goodbye and left.  As soon as he drove away, Mary gave me a big
hug and told me how proud she was of me for pleasing her Jimmie this weekend.  "
It was so nice of you to take my place, but you will only have to do that during
my periods.", she told me.  " But Mistress," , I pleaded, " Couldn't he have had
anal sex with you, instead of using me?"  She looked at me sternly and replied,
" Don't be silly dearie, you know I don't do anal sex."  She walked off to her
room, leaving me standing there dumbfounded.




Chapter 5


     Our life continued in this pattern for two more months, Mary went to work
and I kept the house.  My hair had grown longer by now and Mary had styled it
into nice feminine pixie cut.  My breasts had grown noticeably and I now would
fill a B cup bra.  James would spend every other weekend with us, making love to
my wife and dominating me.  The weekend his out of town job was finished, he
moved in with us and became truly the man of the house.  Weekdays they both left
for work leaving me to tend to the household chores.  Cleaning the house and
doing the laundry was routine for me by now, but the grocery shopping still made
me feel very uncomfortable.  Going out in public dressed as a female was far
more difficult than wearing such things at home.  They usually came home around
6:oo pm, and I planned supper accordingly.  Each night they still had sex, with
me sucking James hard before and licking them both clean afterwards.  I was used
to this routine by now and no longer felt degraded by providing this service. 
At least I was being included in their sex play.  The weekends were filled with
more emphasis on sexual activity and often involved me giving James a blow job
on demand.  He never seemed to run out of sexual energy.  Mary smiled and
laughed a lot these days making it clear that he satisfied her needs much better
than I ever had.  Since I loved her so much, I was delighted to see her happy,
and had come to realize that being a maid was easier than working at that fast
food joint.  James still intimidated me, but as long as I was cheerfully
obedient, he treated me decent.

     A couple of weeks after James moved in he told me one Sunday morning that
he had some of his friends coming over to watch football and that I should
prepare some munchies for them.  He warned me, " Don't you embarrass me in front
of my friends Carla."  I assured him, " No Sir, I will be very obedient and
serve your friends with a smile."  Wearing my black skirt maid outfit, I
answered the door and escorted each of the arriving guests into the home theater
room.  There were two couples and five single guys that showed up.  The white
wife of one guy and the black wife of another went to sit and talk with Mary,
the men congregated in front of the big screen television.  I served them each a
beer, and then passed around a tray with finger food.  It was very humiliating
to serve these men wearing a maid outfit.  One of them fondled my ass as I
walked by him and told James, " Nice maid you have Jimmy."  I blushed when Jimmy
replied, " Yes and she's very obedient too."  To emphasize his statement he
ordered, " Lift your skirt Carla and show my friends how you keep yourself for
me."  Turning crimson, but afraid of incurring his wrath, I lifted my skirt to
expose my shaved genitals.  " Damn Jimmy one of them said, you sure know how to
train a husband."  Another  guy asked, " Does she service your friends too?" 
James Laughed and told him, " Not yet, but if I decide to allow it, I'm sure she
will."  He looked at me and asked," Isn't that right sissy?"  All I could do is
meekly answer, " Yes Master James."  They all had a good laugh at my expense. 
My humiliation was complete. Standing there in high heels, holding my skirt up
and exposing my small  equipment in front of these men made me realize how far I
had sunk.  The rest of the afternoon I alternated between serving the three
ladies and the six men.  Even Mary had me expose myself to the other two ladies. 
The black lady felt my genitals and remarked, " Cute, tiny, but cute."  If such
a thing had happened to me before James arrived, I would have been embarrassed. 
Somehow that didn't bother me as much as doing that in front of the men.  I
suppose I knew that the women had no desire to use me, whereas a couple of the
men would have  if James had given his approval.  Men can be such animals.


     The afternoon seemed to last forever before the games were over and they
all sat down to eat the meal I had prepared.  Laughter and happy chatter seemed
to be the dominant theme as they ate.  As I served each course, a couple of the
single males felt me up.  I merely smiled sweetly and moved on, being very glad
that James hadn't given them permission to use me.  Even though he had changed
my life completely, he was my protector.  After they finished their meal, they
started leaving and I helped those who had worn jackets put them on.  I noticed
James in private conversation with the two single guys who had molested me. 
Even though they occasionally pointed at me, I ignored  them.  When they had all
left, I cleared the table and cleaned up the kitchen.  James summoned me to
their bedroom to perform my nightly sexual duties, which were by now, as regular
a part of my life as nightly prayers for many people.




Chapter 6

     There came a time close to my wife's Birthday when James wanted to take her
to Las Vegas for a long weekend.  I was left at home alone, feeling neglected. 
Just as they were leaving, he told me,  " Stay dressed sweet Carla, a couple of
my friends may be coming by to keep you company.  They were very taken with you
on the football weekend."  " Yes Sir.",  I replied.  The entire time they were
gone, I was in fear of the doorbell ringing.  His friends would be using me as
their gay whore.  Serving James as his bitch was more than I wanted, let alone
being used by virtual strangers.  Saturday night about 11:00 pm, they showed up. 
Both of them had been drinking, probably to get their courage up to use me as
their woman.  I had showered, shaved, given myself an enema, and lubricated my
ass with KY jelly, just in case.  Nevertheless when the doorbell rang, I opened
it with much trepidation.  They never even introduced themselves, just shoved me
inside and took control.  Against two big black men I knew I was powerless and
decided to please them and have them leave quickly. It turned out to be an
ordeal from hell for me.


     The first thing they had me do is to get them a drink.  They whistled at my
wiggle as I walked away.  They sipped their drinks and one of them told me, "
Take off your clothes sissy, I want to see your naked body, leave the shoes on." 
I shuddered, but stripped of all my clothes except for my heels.  The second man
asked me, " Do you like cookies girl?"  It was the first friendly thing either
of them had said to me, so I smiled and said, " Yes Sir, I do."  He laughed
loudly and told me, " That's good because we are going to make an oreo of you." 
My puzzlement must have showed, because he quickly added, " Black at both ends
and white in the middle."  Inwardly I was shocked, but I managed to smile
weekly.  " Since you're naked, it's only right that we should be naked too." the
first one said.  They both stood up and took off their clothes.  They both had
muscular bodies and were well hung too.  The first one pointed at his cock and I
went over and took it in my mouth.  He chuckled and said, " Jimmy was right,
this bitch is well trained."  As soon as he was hard, he ordered, " Turn around
and grab your ankles sissy, it's time to get a dose of this black snake."  I
bent over and grasped my ankles.  As soon as I was in the position, the other
man moved in front of me  and shoved his cock into my mouth.  At almost the same
instant, the first man shoved his erect cock up my ass.  There I was naked,
holding my ankles with a big black cock in either end.  The thrusts of the man
behind me shoved the cock in my mouth deeper, and the thrusts from the man in
front shoved me back onto the cock in my rear.  They kept me rocking helplessly
back and forth between them until they both came, shooting their semen into my
mouth and ass.  " What a sissy bitch you are Carla.", the man at my rear said. 
The front guy told me, " Get us another drink honey."  When I stood up to get
their drinks, he noticed tears running down my cheeks and said, " Don't cry
slut,  we'll play some more in a bit."  Feeling weak and very used, I hobbled to
the bar to make them each another drink with their laughter ringing in my ears. 

     The two men sat drinking and had me alternate between them licking and
sucking their cocks while they talked about me as if I weren't there.  After
they'd drained their glasses, one of them ordered, " Assume the same position as
before bitch."  I obediently grabbed my ankles as they stood up.  Saying, " It's
time for a change.", the guy who had used my ass stood in front of me. The man
who had fucked my mouth stood behind me.  " Hell, this bitch is still leaking
your come.", he told his friend.  Once more they subjected me to that
involuntary ride, being pushed forward and back by their thrusts.  This time it
lasted longer before they again shot their seed into me from both ends.  Despite
the humiliation of being used as their whore, I also had an orgasm during this
dual rape.  They noticed this and commented about how I must have loved it too. 
" Jimmy wasn't kidding, this bitch likes getting fucked.", one of them said. 
The other man agreed with him.  They made me get down and lick up the spots of
my semen from the carpet.  " Cleanliness is next to godliness.", one of them
said and they both laughed at his wit.  When I got back up, he grabbed me by my
nipples and said," You have small titties sissy, maybe I should stretch them for
you."  Even though it hurt to have him pulling on them, I replied," Yes sir,
thank you sir."  The other man noticed my erection and said, " Look, she likes
that." I was lifted to my tiptoes by my nipples and ordered, " Play with your
clit sissy, we want to see you spurt for us."  To end the pain, I began stroking
myself furiously.  ' Come Carla, Come.", they chanted as I pumped my small cock. 
When the second man shoved his finger up my ass, I came, shooting my load on the
floor.  He released my nipples and I fell to the floor exhausted, holding my
hands to my tortured titties.  " Lick up those few drops you managed to spurt
slut.", one of them ordered.  I obeyed. 

     " Lead us to your bed Carla,". One of them demanded.  I walked to my room
with them following me.  One of them said, " Shit, look at those pink curtains,
this bitch is really into this sissy stuff."   They had me lie between them in
what was a crowded double bed.  During the night, they fondled me and slept.  I
was too afraid to sleep much, but finally dozed off.  I was awakened in the
morning being pulled to a sitting position by my nipples.  " Good morning
honey.", they greeted me.  One of them ordered, " Go take a shower, douche and
fix your hair.  You look a mess."  I Stepped into my heels and went to take a
shower.  After the cleansing enema, the hot steamy water felt good.  I
lubricated my ass in case they were horny this morning, brushed my long hair and
applied a fresh coat of lipstick.  While I was putting the red lipstick on, one
of the men came into the bathroom and said, " Very nice, but something is
missing."  He spun me around and took the tube of lipstick from my hand.  He
painted each of my nipples bright red and stepped back to admire his work.  "
That's  much better, now fix us some breakfast."   I went to fix them a  meal of
bacon, scrambled eggs , toast and coffee, while they showered. 


     They both came to the table naked, which I thought was a bad sign.  I
served them their food and they began eating.  The guy who had painted my
nipples told me, " Come here oreo and jack me off into your mouth while I eat." 
I got under the table and started stroking his cock with the head pointed into
my open mouth.  He quickly got hard and I stroked harder and faster wanting to
get this over with as quickly as possible.  It didn't take long before he
spurted his seed into my mouth.  I swallowed his semen and started to get out
from under the table.  The other  man said, " My turn sissy, I'll have the same
thing as my buddy."  I merely turned around and took his cock in my hand to
repeat the disgusting chore for him.  As degrading as it was to be milking their
cocks into my mouth, it was still preferable to playing 'oreo' with them.  They
finished their breakfast and let me out from under the table to clean up.  One
of them said, " Well it's been fun, but I'd better get going."  Since they had
both come in the same car, the other man agreed and they went to get dressed. 
By the time the kitchen was clean they were ready to leave.  They thanked me for
the great time they'd had and then one of them said, " I'll have to ask Jimmy if
he'd lend you to us again."  The other man added, " We could have a few other
men over and you could serve us all."  My heart sank at the thought of being the
center of a gang bang.  They noticed my discomfort and laughed at me.  They each
grabbed one of my breasts and fondled my ass with the other hands.  " Don't fret
Carla, the way you come while being screwed, you'd be coming dry shots in the
first hour.", one said.  They were still laughing as they walked out the door. 
I sat on the floor and cried from the mixture of shame and fear I was
experiencing.  As I cried, I cupped my breasts in my hands to comfort myself.  I
thought it felt good to have breasts and to be desirable, but hated the
exploitation that accompanied them.  Men didn't care a bit about my feelings,
just their own satisfaction.  I stroked my small cock for a few minutes, but
then realized that it didn't get hard anymore.  This realization made me start
crying all over again.  Even if I did leave her, where would I go?  Surely no
woman would want me and men would just use me.  With no money, only female
clothes to wear,  and looking like a freak, they knew it was safe to leave me
alone.  Where would I go?

     Monday and Tuesday mornings I slept in late, did some housework and wasted
time playing on my computer.  Tuesday evening James and Mary walked into the
house laughing, a display of the great time they'd had.  Upon sighting me
wearing my red skirt, white blouse, red heels with a starched white apron, James
asked, " Did you miss us Carla?"  I replied, " Yes sir, it was lonely without
you two here."  He frowned and asked me, " Didn't my friends show up."  I
replied, " Yes Sir they did."  He asked, " Did they use you for sex?"  My pent
up emotions came bursting out and I started crying as I answered, " Yes Master,
they made me an oreo, black at both ends and white in the middle."  James roared
with laughter upon hearing this, but Mary took me in her arms to comfort  me. 
She hugged me close to her and consoled me saying, " My poor sissy, don't cry. 
We're home and you're safe now."  She hugged me and talked soothingly to me
until I stopped sobbing.  Her actions made me realize that she still loved me,
although not as before James came into our lives.  James told me, " I'm pleased
that you entertained my friends Carla, and to show my gratitude you may service
me now."  I gladly said, " Thank you Master.", and knelt in front of him, I
unzipped  his pants, pulled out his lovely cock and took it into my mouth.  It
felt comfortable and familiar to be sucking him rather than strangers.  He
fondled my breasts as I worshiped his cock. It felt good to be serving such a
man, even as his sissy slave.  He soon shot his semen deep into my throat and I
swallowed every drop.  James being satisfied, he said, " Good job girl, you may
now jack off for us.  You deserve a climax too."  I fondled my small cock for a
few minutes, but it wouldn't get hard. Mary noticed my frustration and decided
to help me to get things going.  She sucked on my left breast and shoved one
finger up my ass.  James joined in by sucking on the other boob.  With this
stimulation I got enough of an erection to manage to spurt a few drops of come. 
They both applauded as I licked my come from my left hand.  James commented, "
It seems the only way Carla can come now is by getting fucked, it's kinda sad." 
Mary agreed saying," Yes it is, but now she can experience sex as a woman,
getting satisfaction by pleasing her man."  A tear ran down my cheek as I
realized they were right. I no longer functioned as a man in any way.  Carl was
gone and I was now really Carla.


     They directed me to make some popcorn and serve it to them as they watched
television before going to bed.  When I delivered the popcorn, I also brought
Mary a glass of wine and James a gin and tonic.  They thanked me and told me
that I could turn in for the night.  When I undressed, I noticed a bit of
5o'clock shadow in my pubic region and knew it was time to shave again. That
could wait until morning I decided and put on my nightie before climbing into
bed.  The knowledge that I functioned best as a woman removed most of the
humiliation from what I did in serving them.  I slept like a baby that night. 

     Wednesday morning was a routine weekday. I got up and fixed their breakfast
and stood by until they left for work.  Then I took a shower, shaved my body,
put on my makeup, fixed my hair and put the laundry in the washer.  I cleaned up
the kitchen and vacuumed a couple of rooms, then relaxed a bit by playing on my
computer.  I switched loads and loaded the dryer before lunch.  Changing the bed
linens took awhile, but had to be done.  I puttered around the house for the
rest of the day, putting away the laundry and doing some dusting before starting
to prepare supper. I was a contented housewife doing her duties with a smile. 
My life had been changed forever, but I was content.  

     The End?




     This story is a continuation of the story " How My Life Changed".  It is
being written as a result of requests by readers of that story.  This is meant
for the reading enjoyment of people who are considered adults in their areas. 
Please send any comments or suggestions to 4play@comcast.net.  I love to hear
from you.



                                                    

                                              How My Life Changed II

                                  By 4play

Chapter 7

     The first story told how I was turned into a sissy maid and sex toy to
serve my wife Mary and her lover James.  At the end of that tale I had settled
into the role of housewife and had accepted my new role.  Now I relate some more
of my adventures as Carla.

     On a Saturday morning as I was serving Mary an James their breakfast, James
told me, " Don't bother planning anything for supper Carla, I'm taking Mary out
for dinner and dancing tonight.  We'll be home late."  I hated to hear that I
was going to be left alone tonight and shed a tear at hearing this.  James
noticed and told me, " Don't cry dearie, I'll think of something for you to do
while we're gone."  He patted me on my bare fanny and I went into the kitchen to
eat my breakfast alone.  The rest of the day he and Mary relaxed and watched tv
while I puttered around the house doing routine chores.  After eating a light
snack for my own supper, I went to my room while they got ready to go out. 
Shortly before they left, James called me to the family room.  When I got there,
he had me kneel before the short side of the coffee table. When I did, he told
me, " Lay on the table Carla."  As soon as I had obeyed him, he handcuffed my
hands to the legs of the table using two pair of handcuffs.  I looked up
pitifully at him, my sad eyes asking why and he said. " This is for your own
good Carla, you were questioning my decision this morning, and you know I can't
tolerate that."  I responded, "Yes Sir, but I get so lonely when you're both
gone."  He laughed and said, " You may have company tonight dearie."  Then he
put a hood on my head and tied it securely making it so I couldn't see.  He
patted my fanny and said, " We'll be back later, have fun.", and left me there
with my titties pressing against the table. 


     The first hour seemed to drag by, and I got nervous at every sound I heard. 
The time passed slowly, as I waited for the unknown which may or may not occur. 
Some time later, I heard the front door close.  I became instantly alert as I
heard someone walking into the room.  I asked, " Is that you Sir?", but got no
answer.  I felt hands rubbing my bare ass and they sent shivers up my spine.  I
moved my head around to try and get a sense of what was happening, but of
course, I couldn't see anything with that hood on.  The next thing I knew there
was a cock at my lips.  After all the times I had sucked James, I knew what to
do and took it into my mouth.  Somehow it seemed familiar, but I just sucked and
slurped away until it was rock hard.  Just as I was expecting a load of semen to
shoot into my mouth, it was withdrawn.  The man walked behind me and rubbed my
asshole with lubricant.  I pleaded, " Please Sir, don't fuck me.", but got no
reply.  He shoved himself inside of me and began riding me.  Trapped as I was,
all I could do is take it until he was finished.  Once he had shot deep inside
of me, he kissed the back of my neck and left me there. I felt horribly used,
cheap and helpless.  Sometime later I fell asleep and slept until James and Mary
came home.  I awakened when James released my hands.  After an entire evening on
my knees and being raped, I could hardly stand.  James helped me to my feet and
removed the hood.  I blinked at even the dim light in the room, since I had been
blind for some hours now.  James asked me, " Did you have a good time sissy?"  I
burst into tears and hugged him.  I told him, " Sir it was horrible, someone
came in here and raped me and didn't say a word.  I feel so used."  He told me,
" Remember this night whenever you start to question my decisions. Next time
there will be several of them to amuse you."  Even though I knew he had set this
all up, hearing him admit it made me furious, so I ran to my room and cried my
eyes out.  I wondered how he could do that to me after all I had done to please
him.  I cried myself to sleep that night. 

     Early Sunday morning I got up and put the coffee on, and sat reading the
morning paper until they came into the kitchen.  James noticed my depressed
state and told me, " Come here Carla and suck my cock, that should cheer you
up."  I knelt between his knees and took his cock into my mouth.  While I sucked
his cock to an erection, he talked to me, " I know how lonely you get being left
at home dearie, maybe I should find you a boyfriend."  Mary quickly told him, "
Ooooh, that would be so cool, we could go on double dates."  I was choking and
gagging on his erection and couldn't give my dissenting opinion.  By the time he
shot his load deep in my throat, they had decided that I needed a boyfriend. 
Given my status as a submissive cocksucker, I had no say in the matter.  Even
though I was now more girl than man, I didn't want to be a gay slut for some
stranger.  Keeping house and serving James and Mary was something I had become
accustomed to, but going on dates with a boyfriend wasn't something I had ever
thought of. 

     Sunday evening Mary got her period, and so I knew that James would be using
me for his sexual pleasure this week.  I didn't mind being his bitch, since I
would sleep in the same bed with  them.  It made me feel needed and wanted more
than I did as their maid.  The daily enemas I had to give myself were more than
compensated for by the attention he showed me in bed.  Each night James slept in
the middle of the king sized bed with Mary on one side and I on the other.  I
would suck him hard, then he would screw me from behind while holding my breasts
in his hands.  I felt so loved when that happened, even though after his orgasm,
he would turn over and cuddle with Mary. 


     Each morning during the week, they would shower and get dressed for work
while I fixed their breakfast.  As soon as they left, I would shower and get
dressed for the day in my maid outfit.  The housework was down to a routine by
now and I accomplished it without undue effort.  Each evening I had the supper
nearly ready when they came home and I often joined them for a glass of wine to
relax before supper.    Once I had accepted the idea that I was now no longer a
man, but a servant in my own home, life had gone smoothly.   My life was
complete without a boyfriend and I hoped they would forget that idea.

Chapter 8

     Any hopes I had they would forget the boyfriend thing were dashed on
Saturday morning.  Mary told me, " Don't plan anything for supper tonight Carla,
Jimmy has a friend coming over and the four of us are going out to dinner and
dancing tonight."  I smiled a faint smile and answered, " Yes Mistress, I
understand."  Inwardly I was crushed, but I sure didn't want to spend another
night handcuffed to the coffee table, and put on a cheerful face.  The rest of
the day passed normally, until around 3;00PM when Mary took me aside and told me
to get showered and cleaned up.  I went down to the basement bathroom and gave
myself an enema to clean my insides out and then hopped into the shower and
shaved my body very closely.  When I was finished with my cleanup, I walked back
upstairs naked.  Mary saw me as she finished her shower and led me into the main
bathroom.  She told me, " We girls must look nice for our men tonight dearie." 
I merely nodded and stood patiently as she applied makeup to me and attached the
false eyelashes.  When she was satisfied, she remarked, " You look stunning
dear, now go get dressed. I laid a new outfit for you to wear tonight on your
bed."  I went to my room and looked at my new outfit.  It consisted of a pink
bra, white blouse, pink mini-skirt, pink mesh hose and matching heels.  There
were also two starched crinolines to wear under the skirt.  I knew I would look
like a tart in that outfit, but put it on anyway.  When I was dressed, I went
into the other bathroom and used the curling iron on my hair before brushing it
into a sexy page boy style. 

     When I looked ready, I went out to the family room where James whistled a
wolf whistle at me.  I blushed and batted my big eyelashes at him.  When I tried
to sit down, I realized that I had to lift the crinolines out of the way and sit
my bare bottom on the chair.  I wished they would let me wear some nice panties
instead of making me walk around bare under my skirt.  About that time the
doorbell rang.  James told me, " That will be your date for the evening Carla,
go let him in."  I would have rather been anywhere else rather than answer that
door, but I went like a good girl and opened it.  Immediately I recognized the
man standing there, he was one of the two men who had used me when James took
Mary to Vegas.  He was the bigger of the two and the one who had suggested
making me an oreo.  I blushed when I realized that he had already used me for
his pleasure.  Saying, " Welcome Sir.", I let him enter and showed him to where
James waited.  He told me, " You look very nice tonight Carla."  I politely
thanked him. 


     James shook hands with our guest and asked me, " You remember Tyrone don't
you Carla?"  I replied, " Yes sir, I sure do. Nice to see you again Tyrone." 
Tyrone smiled at me and said, " I have that effect on my lovers dear."  So his
name was Tyrone, I never heard his name when he was using my body.  I brought
Tyrone and James each a glass of wine to sip on while we waited for Mary to
finish getting ready.  We made small talk with Tyrone treating me like I was
already his girlfriend.  When Mary came out and announced that she was ready to
go, I started to go to our garage.  James told me, " No Carla you are riding
with Tyrone tonight, we'll meet you at the restaurant."  I was disappointed and
half afraid to go without James's protection, but didn't dare show my feelings. 
Tyrone took my arm and led me out to his car, a big black Cadillac sedan.  He
opened the passenger door for me and I slid into the seat lifting my petticoats
as I sat on the leather seat.  We drove to the restaurant and parked in the
parking lot. Tyrone reached over, put his hand on my knee and said," Listen
Carla, the last time we met I was just using James's slut, but I want to start
over and will treat you like a lady."  I squirmed on the seat and responded
saying, " Yes Sir, that would be nice."  Tyrone then took my head in his hands
and kissed me lovingly.  He told me, " I had a white sissy boy as my wife when I
was in prison, and do know how to treat a lady."  I smiled faintly at him and
said, " That's very nice Sir."  He then went around and opened my car door and
escorted me into the building.  I felt like a lady walking in arm in arm with
him.  We were escorted to the table where James and Mary awaited us.  Mary
smiled at me and told me, " You two make such a cute couple."  As I set my bare
fanny on the velvet covered chair, I smiled and said, " Thank you dear." 

     James and Tyrone ordered for Mary and I.  We chatted during the wait for
the food and during the meal as well.  To any onlookers, we were two interracial
couples enjoying a meal in a fine establishment.  James and Tyrone were two
handsome black men and Mary and I appeared to be their women.  Despite my
discomfort in being out in public dressed as a slut, I had to admit it was a
nice evening so far.  Certainly much better than being handcuffed to the coffee
table wearing a hood.  After we finished our meals, Tyrone paid the bill and we
left to go dancing. 

     Tyrone drove he and I to a nightclub in a part of the city I had never seen
before.  James and Mary followed in their car.  As we walked into the club the
doormen knew James and Mary and waved them in. He did the same for Tyrone and I. 
We went to a booth reserved for us next to the dance floor.  The band was
blaring out music I'd never heard before, but it did have a good beat.  We
barely got seated and ordered drinks before Tyrone took me out to dance to a
slow song.  I told him that I had never danced without leading before but, he
told me, " Just relax and follow me dear."  So I did just that, held closely in
his strong arms, I let him lead me around the floor.  His graceful movements
seemed strange considering his size.  His hand worked it's way under my skirt
and he fondled my bare ass as we danced.  I blushed with embarrassment, knowing
that anyone watching us could see what he was doing, and probably part of my ass
as well.  At the end of the song, he twirled me around making my petticoats
flare out.  As we walked back to our table several men gave me a sexy wink. 
Most of the people in the place were black and I was glad that Tyrone was with
me and able to protect me.  James and Mary got up to dance to the next song
leaving us alone.  Tyrone leaned over and kissed me while he slid his hand under
my skirt to fondle my dick.  He whispered, " You feel so nice and smooth baby, I
want you to come for me."  I protested, " Please Sir, not here, everyone will
see."  He reassured me, " Nobody will see anything, you just enjoy while I milk
you."  I tried very hard to look cool and composed above the table, but I was
getting very turned on below it.  He stroked me faster and faster until I
spurted on the floor.  He kissed me deeply and grabbed his drink.  I whispered,
" Thank you Sir, that was very nice of you."  He smiled and said, " I told  you
I know how to treat a lady."  I smiled back at him and coyly said, " Yes Sir,
you did and you sure do."


     After a couple of drinks and several dances I felt the need to visit the
rest room.  Mary noticed my discomfort and said, " Come with me Carla, it's time
to powder our noses."  I gladly joined her and we walked to the rest room.  I
was concerned over which rest room to use, but quickly ruled out the men's room
due to the way I was dressed, and followed my wife into the lady's room.  There
were a couple of other ladies at the mirrors as Mary and I went into adjoining
stalls.  It felt wonderful to empty my bladder and I carefully wiped off the
head of my now shrunken dick before leaving the stall.  Mary and I stood at the
mirror fixing our hair and refreshing our lipstick when a big black woman came
up and tapped me on the shoulder.  I turned around and she asked me, " You the
white bitch with Tyrone tonight?"  I answered sweetly, " Why yes I am dear.  My
name is Carla, who are you?"  She shoved me on the chest and told me, " I'm
Lisa, and I've dated Tyrone. I can't imagine what he sees in a small chested
girl like you when he could have these."  She hoisted her big breasts with both
hands, then reached over and squeezed one of my B cup tits.  I was afraid of
this big woman and wanted to get out of there.  Mary stepped in and told her, "
Dear, you know Tyrone is bisexual, Carla is a sissy bitch and not a real woman." 
She lifted my skirt exposing my shriveled privates and said, " See Lisa, surely
this is no threat to you."  Lisa laughed and told me, " I ought to strip you
naked and leave you in here to amuse the girls that come in here."  Mary again
reasoned with her, " I know that would be fun, but I don't think you want to
piss off Tyrone and James, do you?"  Lisa suddenly realized that she was messing
with James's property and backed off.  She told me, " If you didn't belong to
James, I would fuck you up good fagot."  She spun around and left the room.  A
few minutes later Mary and I walked past the table where Lisa sat with several
of her girl friends.  By the way they giggled and pointed at us I knew she had
exposed my secret to her girlfriends. 

     We got back to our booth and Tyrone sensed something was wrong and asked, "
What's the matter girls?"  Mary told him, " Oh, just a small problem in the
ladies room with a friend of yours."  He asked " Who is that?"  Mary told him, "
Some big black gal named Lisa was giving Carla a hard time, but I talked her out
of it."  Tyrone glared over at Lisa's table and snarled, " That bitch, I'll beat
the shit out of her for that."  Mary placed her hand on his and soothingly said,
" No need for that dear friend, she backed right off when I told her that Carla
was with you and belonged to James."  He seemed relieved that his reputation was
secure and calmed down.  James then said, " It's getting late, why don't we just
leave this joint."  We all agreed that it was time to leave and got up to go. 
Tyrone asked James, " Is it all right if I take Carla home with me tonight?" 
James thought a minute or so and I saw Mary whisper something in his ear before
he answered, " No, since this is really your first date, I think you should
bring her home tonight."  He saw the disappointment on Tyrone's face then added,
" You can spend the night there if you like." 

     We followed James and Mary home and parked in front of the house.  Tyrone
again opened my door for me and helped me out of the car.  He was being a
perfect gentleman.  I reached into my purse, got out my house key and opened the
front door.  James made a drink for he and one for Tyrone and Mary told me, "
Come on dearie, let's slip into something more comfortable."  We went to our
bedrooms and changed into our nighties.  The four of us discussed the fun
evening we'd had for a while before James took Mary off to bed leaving Tyrone
and I sitting on the couch.  He kissed me shoving his tongue into my mouth.  I
felt strange about this invasion of my mouth although his cock had already been
in there.  He asked me, " Do you want me to spend the night with you Carla
honey?  If you say no, I will understand and go home."  This was the first time
I had been given a choice in a sexual matter in a year, and I was flattered by
his gesture.  I fluttered my eyelashes at him and told him, " Yes Sir, I want
you to stay with me."  He took me by the hand and led me to my bedroom.  I
quickly hopped into bed and watched as he undressed.  His muscular body was a
beautiful sight. 


     Tyrone crawled into bed beside me and kissed me while his hands went under
my nightie and caressed my breasts.  I was very turned on by his foreplay and as
soon as he ended the kiss, I moved down to kiss his cock.  He told me, " I'm
sorry I was so mean to you when I was hear with my friend.  We were just guys
acting like animals.  I took his cock into my mouth and started sucking to show
that I wasn't holding a grudge over that weekend.  He then admitted, " I was
also the guy who used you last weekend and I want to apologize for that as
well."  He continued, " I was just going to tease you a bit, but you looked so
temptingly helpless that I decided to use you again."  I took his cock out of my
mouth and told him," I thought it might be you Sir.  I'm glad you told me that
and I forgive you."  The rape had been traumatic at the time, but after all the
times I had been used by James, one more made little difference.  Tonight was
different, the sex was my choice and I was enjoying it.  I was his girl and was
turning him on.

     Quickly I resume my sucking and soon that big black cock was rock hard My
hand was stroking his shaft while I was sucking on the end when he stiffened up
and shot his load into my mouth.  Instead of swallowing it, I crawled up his
body and kissed him transferring some of his semen into his mouth.  He didn't
resent my forwardness, but we held our kiss for some time before breaking it
off.  He chuckled and told me, " Wow babe, that was a first!  I guess you took
me by surprise, but it was very sexy."  We cuddled and fondled each other and
then drifted off to sleep in each other's arms.

     The sun was streaming through the window when I awoke to  feel Tyrone
caressing my breasts.  He whispered, " Good morning Carla, are you up for a
little loving this morning?"  I kissed him and replied, " Yes Sir, that would be
nice."  He grabbed the tube of KY jelly from the night stand and greased up my
asshole before shoving his erect cock up inside of me.  I let out a moan of
pleasure and he started thrusting in and out gently.  His hands held my tits as
he took me from behind.  I moved my ass in time with his thrusts and as he
increased his tempo, I spurted my puny load onto the sheets.  He continued his
thrusting until he shot his load inside of me, then kissed the nape of my neck
and withdrew.  He handed me a Kleenex from the bedside table which I placed
between my ass cheeks to stop any leakage.  He got out of bed and headed for the
bathroom, so I got up, slipped on my heels and went to the kitchen to start the
coffee.  Tyrone soon joined me as I was starting to prepare breakfast, followed
shortly thereafter by James and Mary.  Mary was still in her nightie too and she
said cheerfully, " Good morning kids."  She looked at me and said, " I see you
had a good time last night Carla."  I wondered if it showed in my face that much
when she reached down and plucked the Kleenex from between my ass cheeks.  I
blushed bright red and admitted, " Yes Mistress, I had a good time."  James
laughed and announced, " See how wise I am, I knew that Carla need a boyfriend
to cheer her up."  Mary kissed him and told him, " Yes darling, you are so
wise." 


     The three of them sat drinking coffee while I finished cooking breakfast. 
When I had served them, I sat right down at the table and ate with them.  After
breakfast, Tyrone went to take a shower and get dressed.  When he announced that
he had to get going, I felt disappointed, but went to give him a kiss goodbye. 
He turned around, thanked James and Mary for their hospitality and left.  As I
walked him to the door, he told me, " I had a wonderful time Carla, we'll have
to do this again soon."  I hugged him pressing my breasts against his manly
chest and told him, " Yes Sir, thank you very much."  As he walked to his car, I
thought about the wonderful time I'd had with him.  I really was a gay slut, but
in my increasingly feminine state of mind, I was his girlfriend and lover.

Chapter 9

     When I walked back to the table, my spirits were high and it showed.  James
noticed how elated I was and decided to reassert his dominance over me.  He
stood up and asked me, " Who is your Master Carla?"  I told him, " You are Sir." 
He then asked, " Who do you obey without question?"  I didn't like the tone of
his voice, but quickly replied, " You Sir and my Mistress."  He said, " That's
right and don't you forget it. Just to remind you who rules this house, I want
you to come here and lick my ass to show your submission."  Damn it, he hadn't
made me do that since before he moved in here. I'd hoped that he'd forgotten
that humiliating task, but meekly said, " Yes Sir.", and walked over behind him. 
I knelt down spread his cheeks and licked his hairy hole until he told me, "
Good girl, that's enough, you can clean up the kitchen now."  I thanked him and
went to do my chores.

     Mary came into the kitchen as I was loading the dishwasher.  She put her
arm around me and said, " You know he had to establish his control of you don't
you dear?"  I had tears in my eyes as I replied, " Yes Mistress, I understand
that, but it's so humiliating when he makes me do that."  She consoled me by
saying, " Yes dear, I know, but if you hadn't obeyed him, he would have spanked
you until you couldn't sit for a week."  She kissed my cheek and told me, " I
missed you licking me clean last night my dear sissy."  That she had missed my
efforts made me feel better and I smiled and told her, " Sorry Mistress, but I
was pretty busy myself and you didn't call for me."  She looked lovingly at me
and told me, " I know, James wanted to call you, but I convinced him to let you
two lovebirds alone."  I thanked her for her kindness and she led me into her
bedroom to fill her in on all the details of my night with my new boyfriend.  We
chatted in her room like girlfriends and it felt so natural to me.  She seemed
especially interested when I was telling her how sweet he was to me.  She kissed
me on the lips for the first time in months. 

     Mary fondled my titties and told me, " You look so nice with boobies dear
and they feel so nice."  I modestly said, " Thank you Mistress, yours are very
nice and I miss holding them."  She informed me, " That's sweet of you to say
so, but you know they are reserved for my Jimmy."  She got up and found her
strap-on dildo and put it on as she said, " It's been a long time since we had
sex, and I want to use you now."  I agreed with her saying, " Yes Mistress, that
would be nice."  Just as I was getting in position for her to screw me, James
walked into the bedroom.  He asked, " Going to have sex without me?"  Mary
responded by saying, " You can watch darling. Carla and I need to be together." 
He laughed and said, " Ok, I like watching two women make love, most men do." 


     Mary smeared my hole with KY jelly and shoved her dildo inside of me. 
After all the times I had been used back there, it no longer hurt to be
penetrated.  I was a well broken in slut by now.  James told Mary, " Go ahead,
fuck that sissy ass dear."  Mary soon was ramming that dildo in and out of me
furiously and I was humping my ass in time with her.  It didn't take much of
this before I came and spurted my semen.  As before that didn't even slow her
down.  She ravished me until she reached her orgasm before she pulled out of me. 
James had watched the show with amusement, but now remarked, " I'm the only one
who hasn't come yet.  Carla get over here and suck me off."  I was weak and
wanted to cuddle with my wife, but I sank to my knees and sucked his cock until
he came in my mouth.  I swallowed all but a few drops which had dribbled onto my
chin.  Those I wiped off with my hand and licked them off too.  " Nice work you
sissy cocksucker.", he told me.  He felt confident that his control over me was
firmly in place and went out to watch football games.  Mary patted me on the
head and told e, " That was fun dear.  We need to do that more often."  I smiled
at her and replied, " Yes Mistress, that was fun."  She went out to join James
and I went to my room.

     That evening, things were back to normal around here.  After supper, they
watched tv until after the evening news and then went to bed.  Shortly after
that, James called me into their room for the usual threesome. I sucked him
hard, stood by while they had sex and licked them both clean afterward.  Once my
cleanup chores were completed they sent me off to my room.  I lay in my bed with
many thought whirling about in my mind.  I had a boyfriend, but was still a
slave for James and Mary.  Tyrone had treated me lovingly and tenderly, but
James had degraded me to show his control of me.  Mary and I had a girlish chat
and she had made love to me and then James had made me suck him off to ruin that
sweet experience too.  He wasn't satisfied turning me into his sissy maid.  He
wanted to control my soul too.  He had totally changed my life, from a happily
married man to a submissive gay slut and that wasn't enough for him.  I hated
him for what he had done to me, and how he had captured Mary's heart.  But, on
the other hand, I feared him and admired his power.  I knew I couldn't leave
with no clothes or money, but hated the idea of staying here under his control. 
What was I to do?

Chapter 10

     Monday afternoon James came home much earlier than usual.  I was dressed in
one of my maid outfits and had just finished the laundry.  I gave him a
respectful curtsy and told him, " It's nice to see you home Sir."  He asked me,
" Do you like being a girl for me Carla?"  " Yes Sir.", was my polite reply.  He
looked into my eyes and asked, " You will do anything to please me, won't you?" 
The sound of his voice made uneasy, but I again replied, " Yes Sir."  After all
the things I had done for him, I wondered why he doubted my submission to him. 
He said, " Good girl, get in the car.  We are going for a ride."  I went to the
garage and got into the passenger seat, while he got behind the wheel.  We drove
across town to a clinic and he led me inside.  He told me, " It's time you got a
checkup.  This doctor is a friend of mine and will be discrete.  You be a good
girl and do what he tells you to do."  I wondered why a checkup was needed, but
merely said, " Yes Sir, I will."


     We walked up to the receptionist and James told her Doctor Jackson is
expecting us.  She recognized James and Said, " Yes he is, follow me please." 
She led us to a room at th end of the hall and had me sit on the examination
table.  She told me, " Go ahead and get undressed dear, the doctor will be with
you shortly."  James sat in the chair and told me, " Go ahead Carla, it's ok,
I'll be right here."  I took off my skirt, blouse, bra, hose and heels and sat
nervous about my nakedness waiting for the doctor.  He walked into the room a
few minutes later, listened to my chest, took my blood pressure and then had me
lay down on the table.  He raised up the stirrups and strapped my legs in them. 
I felt incredibly vulnerable laying there with my legs spread.  He handed me a
clipboard with a form to sign.  I started to read it and James said, " Just sign
it, we haven't got all day."  I signed the form on the dotted line and handed it
back to the doctor.  The Doctor put on a rubber glove and poked around inside my
asshole for a few minutes.  When I squirmed at this invasion of my body, he
said, " You seem so nervous, I'm going to give you something to relax you."  He
took a hypodermic needle and gave me a shot in the arm.  I was soon sound
asleep.       

     When I woke up, my arms were stretched out to the sides on boards of some
kind and strapped in place.  There was a blue cloth shield which went from my
neck to over my head.  I was groggy and wondered what happened.  My chest felt
strange, but I couldn't see anything.  There was a nurse standing there reading
some sort of monitoring device.  She announced, " Your patient is awake now
doctor."  Doctor Jackson said, " Very good, you can remove the screen now."  She
lifted the screen and I blinked under the bright lights.  The doctor told me the
operation went well and you should recover soon.  I've given James the
instructions of how to care for you.  You can go home in a few hours and I'll
see you in a week for a follow up check.  Just rest a bit here and recover."  My
voice croaked as I asked, " Operation, what operation?"  James spoke up and
said, " You now have those implants you wanted. You will have a stunning figure
now Carla." 

     My Chest was covered in bandages, but the bulges were unmistakably large. 
I gasped at the sight and said, " The implants I wanted?  I didn't want
implants!"  Doctor Jackson smiled and said, " Of course you did. You signed the
release and consent form."  I was weak and tied down, unable to move, but I
sobbed openly.  James took a tissue and wiped away my tears saying," Don't cry
Carla, you'll come to love your new tits."  He turned to the doctor and told
him, " It must be the anesthetic, the sissy told me she wanted them."  The
doctor replied, " Yes I know."  In a couple of hours we can let her up and you
can take her home."  I knew that after this there was no way I could ever hope
to be a man again.  James had taken me too far down the road to womanhood to
ever return to my former life.  I dozed off again.

Chapter 11

     It was now a month since my surgery and my small scars had healed.  My new
breasts now filled a 38DD bra and I was definitely top heavy for my size.  Those
big tits must have weighed six pounds apiece.  The bra's I now wore were five
hook monsters not the dainty things I used to wear.  Mary had been upset with
James for doing this to me without consulting her, but soon got used to seeing
me with huge tits.  She loved the way they jiggled around when she or James
screwed me.  Getting used to the weight of these things took quite a while and I
now had grooves on my shoulders from the bra straps.  The new blouses they had
bought me to accommodate my new dimensions all had scoop necklines to show off
my enhanced cleavage.  For some unknown reason my nipples now stayed erect and
showed clearly as bumps in my blouse.  James was proud of the changes he had
made in me.  I looked every bit like a woman when dressed and like a freak when
naked.  My big breasts, shaved body and small penis made an incongruous sight
and as a result I became very modest, preferring to cover my body with even the
scantiest of clothing.


     Friday evening after nearly five weeks without a word from him, Tyrone came
to our house for a visit.  He was shocked at my new look, but also pleasantly
surprised.  I blushed as he praised me saying, " Oh Baby, you look wonderful." 
James told me, " Make Tyrone a drink Carla, don't forget your manners."  I
said," Yes Sir.", and hurried to make him a Jack Daniels and water.  I handed
Tyrone his drink and sat by him on the couch.  James said , " Tyrone it's been
quite a while since we've seen you.  You've been ignoring your new girlfriend." 
Tyrone replied, " Yes, I've been busy. Business you know.  I've been traveling a
lot lately."  The four of us talked for an hour or so, before James suggested we
go to the hot tub.  He told me to get four towels and stood up to undress.  I
went to get the towels and returned in time to see the three of them standing
there naked.  I handed Mary a towel which she wrapped around her and headed out
the door.  James threw his towel over his shoulder and followed Mary. Tyrone
took his towel and asked, " May I undress you Carla?"  I coyly replied, " Yes
Sir, that would be nice."  He was being such a gentleman that I couldn't resist
his request.  He slowly unbuttoned my blouse and dropped it on the couch.  He
reached behind me and unhooked my bra and dropped it onto the blouse.  He
fondled my breasts and kissed each nipple.  Oh Sir, that feels so good.", I told
him in a sexy whisper.  He unzipped my skirt and let it drop to the floor
leaving me naked except for my hose and heels.  He told me, " I thought you were
pretty before, but now you are beautiful my dear."  He sure knew how to woo a
lady. I was ready to take him to bed right now, but he said, " Let's go join the
others."  I said, " Yes Sir.", and took off my shoes and hose.  I threw my towel
over my shoulder and we went to the hot tub.

     Being early December, the air outside was cold, so I ran to get across the
patio and into the hot water.  My boobs jiggled and my dick flopped around as I
ran which brought a laugh from James.   He seemed to revel in the ludicrous
creature he had turned me into, which added to my humiliation.  I sank down into
the warm water as much to hide my shame as to get into the warmth.  Tyrone
followed right behind me and sat beside me in the tub.  He caressed my boobs,
still amazed by their new size which caused Mary to say, " Look at the lovers,
isn't that sweet the way he can't keep his hands off of her."  James added his
comment, " I knew that a boyfriend was what she needed."         

     We sat in the warm water conversing like two couples, but under the water
Tyrone was playing with my dick.  He was so sweet, trying to milk me, but the
many months of female hormones had made me unable to get hard anymore.  I kissed
him on the cheek and whispered in his ear, " Take me to bed dear, I want you so
bad I can't wait any longer."  Tyrone gave me a big grin and said, " Please
excuse us folks."  He took me by the hand and helped me out of the tub and into
the house. Once in the house, he dried my body with his towel and I reciprocated
with mine.  He took me to my room and lay me on the bed after pulling down the
covers.  I was so horny for him but just laid there like a virgin on her wedding
night. 

     Tyrone lay beside me on the bed and gently rolled me onto my side. He
lubricated my ass and gently slid his erection into me.  It felt wonderful!  His
hands held my tits as he gently moved in and out making love to me.  This was
heaven for me, so unlike being raped by James.  I was having sex to please my
boyfriend and not being used.  The romance of the situation combined with the
physical stimulation quickly brought me to an orgasm.  As he continued pumping
in and out of me, I knew I would be sleeping in the wet spot again tonight. 
When he reached his orgasm and shot inside of me, he kissed me on the neck and
soon was asleep still imbedded in me.  His strong arms around me made it
impossible for me to move and I eventually drifted off to sleep.

     The next morning I was awakened by Tyrone thrusting inside of me again.  He
was insatiable.  He brought me to orgasm and even as I shuddered with delight,
began thrusting harder and faster until he reached his own climax.  He then
rolled me over and kissed me.  He was so wonderful to me.  He led me to the
bathroom and we took a shower together, with him washing me and me washing him. 
Then we dried each other and we went back to get dressed.  He dressed fully and
I just slipped into my nightie and heels.  We went out to the kitchen where I
put on the coffee and started breakfast while he got the morning paper and sat
down to read it. 

     James and Mary came into the kitchen to get a cup of coffee.  Mary winked
at me, patted me on the bottom and asked. " Did you have a good time last night
dear?"  I grinned and said, " Yes Mistress, it was delightful."  She told me, "
You're such a tramp Carla.", and went to sit with James in the dining room.  I
set the table and served up their breakfast, then joined them at the table. 
During the meal Tyrone told James, " I'm going on a business trip to Miami for a
week or so," He then asked, " Would it be alright with you if I took Carla with
me?"  James told him, " No, she has duties here, besides I don't want her to get
involved with your business."  My hopes had soared with Tyrone's question and
were suddenly dashed by James's answer.  It would have been so nice to be with
him for a week in a strange city.  Tyrone asked James, " Any chance you'll
change your mind?"  James emphatically stated, " Not a chance, my decision is
final."  When James made up his mind, I knew it useless trying to change it.

     When everyone was finished eating, I got up and cleared off the table while
they finished their coffee.  I heard Tyrone ask James if we could all go to the
club again tonight.  James told him, " No, we were planing on a quiet night at
home.  Mary has a big trial to get ready for staring on Monday."  Tyrone then
asked, " Would you mind if I took Carla out for some dancing and a few drinks?" 
James looked at him like a concerned father of a teenager and asked, " will you
have her home by 2 O'clock?"  Tyrone answered< " Yes, if that is your wish, I
will."  Mary had noted my reaction when James had turned down the trip idea and
she interceded on my behalf by saying, " Oh James let her go out.  She needs
some fun in her life too."  James agreed saying, " OK, but you have her home by
2."  Tyrone pledged that he would and then told me, " Wear something nice dear,
I have some business to tend to, but I'll pick you up at 8:00 this evening."  I
was beaming as I responded, " Yes Sir, I will look pretty for you."  He kissed
me and left the house.  I ran to the window and watched him drive off.  This
would be my first real date without James and Mary along.  I was so excited I
thought I would burst. 


     The rest of the day passed slowly, as I cleaned up the kitchen, did a few
household chores and prepared supper.  After we finished eating supper, I
cleaned up the kitchen and hurried to prepare myself.  I gave myself two enemas
to make sure I was fresh for my boyfriend, took another shower, shaved my body
very closely, applied my makeup and fixed my hair.  Mary came in and handed me a
new outfit to wear.  She said, " I was saving this for a special occasion, and I
guess this qualifies."  I thanked her profusely and then told her, " That was so
nice of you Mistress, I know you still love me."  She smiled at me and said, "
Of course I do dear, but just not as a stud."  I understood what she meant, I
was now her girlfriend and James was her lover.  She helped me get dressed and
even let me use some of her perfume.  She gave me her approval by saying, " You
look beautiful my dear sissy."  She kissed me lightly on the cheek.  I was
happy, but still had thirty minutes before my boyfriend showed up.  I sat primly
in the living room to wait for him to arrive.

Chapter 12

     The doorbell rang promptly at 8PM and I went to answer the door.  Tyrone
had changed into a black suit, white shirt and tie.  He looked elegant!  I
grabbed my purse and my coat and kissed him.  He asked, " Ready to go babe?"  I
replied, " Yes Sir."  He said goodbye to James and Mary, then led me to his car. 
While he drove us to the club, he was telling me how lovely I looked tonight,
how happy I made him and other things to turn a girl's head.  Had he parked the
car then, I would have gladly given myself to him in any way he desired.  We
arrived at the club and He escorted me inside.  Once again the doorman waved us
inside and we sat in our reserved booth next to the dance floor.  For the next
two hours, we danced, had drinks and chatted like the lovers we were. 

     Then, to interrupt our fun Tyrone's beeper went off.  He looked at the
number and called it on his cell phone.  He talked very guardedly for a minute
or so and told me, " I have to go outside for a few minutes, I'll be right back. 
Why don't you go powder your nose while I'm gone."  He got up and walked out the
door.  I went to the lady's room, glad for the chance to relieve myself.  After
sitting in a stall to empty my bladder, I went to the mirror to freshen up my
makeup.  Just as I was finishing that task, Lisa walked into the room with three
of her lady friends.  She walked right up to me, reached under my skirt and
grabbed me by my balls.  " Hello you sissy bitch, nice to see you again.", she
snarled.  I was trapped and shocked, I had no idea that ladies were so mean.  I
remembered how Mary had reasoned with her the last time and weakly told Lisa, "
Tyrone is my date tonight and he won't like you being mean to me."  She just
laughed at me.  This amazed me, the last time the mention of Tyrone's name had
worked wonders on her.  She used her grip on my balls to pull me down to my
knees on the cold tile floor.  She informed me, " Tyrone is busy, on our way
into the club, I saw the cops handcuffing him.  He's probably on his way to jail
by now."  I couldn't believe it, he always seemed so cool and composed.  He
couldn't be a criminal.

     Two of her friends grabbed my arms to hold me in place.  Lisa tore open my
blouse exposing y new cleavage. She said, "I see you had a boob job to try to
compete with my tits.  You still don't have a pussy though."  Lisa took her
knife and cut my bra in several places and removed it.  She put her knife to the
base of my penis and threatened, " I ought to cut this pitiful thing off, you're
not a man anyway."  I was so scared that I was crying and begging for mercy. 
Lisa told her friends , " Stand the sissy bitch up and strip those clothes off." 
The two gals holding my arms pulled me to my feet. They removed my blouse, skirt
and petticoats and threw them into a corner of the room.  I was left naked in
the ladies room and fearing for my life.  These four big black women clearly
hated me and I didn't know any of them.  Lisa took her knife and cut one of my
petticoats into strips of lace.  She handed the strips to her friends and told
them, " Tie the sissy up, both hands and feet."  The two gals tied my hands
behind my back, tied my ankles together and then tied a strip as a blindfold
around my eyes.


     Lisa told them, lay the freak on the floor.  They did.  I was laying naked
and helpless on the cold tile floor.  I felt someone writing on my chest with
something soft.  Lisa squatted on my face, pulled me to her crotch and told me,
" Don't spill a drop of my nectar, or I'll cut your balls off."  She ordered me,
" Open your mouth bitch."  Being helpless to resist, I obeyed her.  Her warm
piss flooded my mouth!  I swallowed as fast as I could to keep from drowning,
thinking I would surely die from this.  I counted three other ladies who emptied
their bladders on me and I was covered in piss from my hair to my legs.  I
recognized Lisa's voice when she said, ' We ought to dump this freak in the
men's room and let those big bucks fuck it to death."  Then she told one of her
friends, " Go to Tyrone's booth and get her coat, we'll take this thing home." 
A few minutes later, they stood me up wrapped my coat around my naked, stinking
body, removed my blindfold and hustled me out the back door of the club.  They
laid me in the back of their van and drove me off towards the address they's
found in my purse.  They were laughing and making fun of me while we rode
towards my house.

     It must have been around midnight when the coasted to a stop in front of my
house.  They carried me to the front porch, removed my coat and rang the
doorbell.  They quickly hurried back to their van and drove off when the porch
light came on.  James came to the door and saw me laying there, naked and bound
hand and foot.  He picked me up, carried me inside and stood me up.  He said, "
What happened to you?  You smell like a shit house rat and look like hell."  I
was sobbing and couldn't answer him.  Mary came into the hall and asked, " What
the hell did you get yourself into you slut?  What happened to your clothes?"  I
tried to answer her, but was crying so hard from the humiliation of the horrible
ordeal I had been through that I couldn't reply.  James read the writing on my
chest, then said, " If you can drink their piss, you can drink mine you tramp." 
He forced me to my knees and shoved his cock into my mouth.  Mary pleaded with
him, " Please honey, I think Carla has been through enough for one night." 
James snapped back, " bullshit, after all the trouble I went through to make her
worth fucking, she goes off and winds up like a well used whore."  His pungent
urine filled my mouth and again I was forced to swallow a load of piss.  Mary
came to my rescue. She and untied my hands and legs.  She hustled me into the
bathroom, where I read backwards in the mirror, " Piss drinking slut." she put
me in the shower and turned it on full blast.  I had to scrub like mad to get
the lipstick writing of my chest.  When I was cleaned off, she dried my hair and
asked me to tell her what happened to me.  I told her I couldn't talk about it,
but she pulled my head to her breasts and said, " Go ahead dear, it will help
you to tell me.  She held me tightly as I told her everything that I had been
through since leaving the house.  She helped me into a clean nightie, took me to
my room and tucked me into bed.  I heard her talking softly to James as I cried
myself to sleep.

     The next morning, I felt much better.  I got up, fixed my makeup, brushed
my hair and went to start the coffee.  When James came to get his coffee, he
told me," It's partly my fault Carla, I shouldn't have let you go out without me
being there.  You are my property and I should have taken better care of you." 
While he and Mary ate their breakfast, he told her, " I know Carla needs to be
with men besides me, but from now on they can come here and use her."  He
laughed and added, " Who knows I might even be able to make a few bucks from her
slutty ass."  I sat alone in the kitchen listening and knew that I was doomed to
be a gay whore for whoever he brought home.  My boyfriend and lover was going to
prison for many years and I was trapped here.

The end?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  mwmsissy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





