BDSM Library - Shirley's Secret




Shirley's Secret
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A 42 year old woman police woman married with one daughter gets used and abused by black woman and friends.
SHIRLEY'S SECRET

Shirley Moony has been in the police force in Chicago, Illinois for 15 years now
and she is married to Tom and they have one daughter Paula.  Shirley just turned
42 last month and her life has started to get bored especially her sex life with
Tom.  She is a tall blonde at a height of six foot.  That makes her a good
officer.  She is a tall officer and dominant in the police force. 

The past couple weeks at work Shirley has been called to some weird things.  But
today she was about to get off work when she got a call to go check out a
domestic violence call.  As she got to the area where the incident was there was
no other officers there.  So she took it on herself and started to drive down
the alley where the incident was taking place.  She got part way down the alley
and found out it was blocked, so she got out of her car and walked the rest of
the way to the incident.  As Shirley was getting closer to the domestic incident
she could see a few things going on.  She could see this white woman naked on
the ground on her all fours.  And above her she could see this black woman
standing over her holding two things in her hands. 

In one hand she could see a leash going down to the white woman's neck.  And in
her other hand the black woman had whip and she was bringing it down on the
woman with force.  She could hear the white woman as she got closer and closer
to the incident.  The white woman was thanking the black mistress and begging
her for each hit.  As Shirley got closer to the incident she stopped and admired
the black woman whipping the white woman's pussy.  The black woman would stop
after every minute or so checking the redness of the woman's pussy.  After five
minutes of whipping her the black mistress would make her white woman slave
squat and pee on the ground.  Then she would bitch at the woman and command her
to lick it up.  That is when Shirley thought that was inhuman for a person to be
doing something like that.  She then walked up to the couple and yelled out that
she was the police.  The black woman looked at her and she then went back to her
business on the white woman and she then reached down and grabbed the white
woman's right nipple and squeezed it hard till she heard the woman moan in pain. 
Shirley then commanded the black woman to let the other woman go. 

The black woman would look at her and disobey her.  So Shirley went up to her
and commanded her one last time before she would take action.  The black girl
was about the same size she was but just weighed a little more so it would be a
good match.  Shirley decided that she was going to arrest this woman and teach
her a lesson about respect to the police.  She pulled out her handcuffs and then
went up to the black woman and reached out to grab her arm when the black
woman's quick movement surprised Shirley and then it was to late for her to call
for help.  The black woman was so much stronger then Shirley and she grabbed her
handcuffs and quickly pulled Shirley's hands behind her back and then she cuffed
them in back. 

Now Shirley was helpless and at the black woman's mercy.  The black woman then
pulled her arms hard backwards causing Shirley to go down on her knees.  The
black woman then told her other slave.  "Hey we now can have some fun with this
little police officer and see how sensitive she is compared to you".  The white
woman said "Yes Mistress Now you have a sweet officer at your feet."

The black woman then told her white slave to go to the car and get the digital
camera for some fun.  The white woman disappeared for a few minutes and then
came back crawling with the digital camera in her mouth. 




SHIRLEY'S SECRET 2

The black woman then told she her to take several pictures of her in her uniform
and to make sure the name tag is showing with her face.  The black woman had
some plans.  She also got the officers purse from the police car.  The white
woman took some pictures of Shirley on her knees in front of the black woman. 
Then the mistress grabbed her hair and pulled hard backwards.  This picture was
a good one on the mistress looking straight down at Shirley and the scared look
in Shirley's eyes. 

The Black woman then pushed things a lot further and she stood Shirley up and
then forced her to bend over hard at a 90 degree angle as her white slave girl
took more and more pictures of Shirley in more vulnerable positions.  The black
woman then kicked out Shirley's legs out from under her and Shirley fell again
down to her knees in front of her black mistress.  The black woman then told her
white slave girl to take a lot of pictures as she undresses the cop. 

Shirley tried to fight off the black woman's advancements but she was unable to
stop her from undressing her completely.  The black woman started by unbuttoning
Shirley's shirt and pulling it open to show off her bra and breasts.  The black
woman unbuttoned the top three buttons and pulled her shirt apart to show off
that white bra holding her breasts.  The white woman took several pictures of
her vulnerability.  The black woman was smiling and enjoying Shirley's tit
exposure humiliation.  She then finished unbuttoning all the buttons and pulled
the shirt halfway off the shoulders.  Then Shirley watched in fear as the black
woman would fondle her medium size breasts and started pinching her nipples to
get them erect, poking through the white bra. 

Shirley was getting excited and she couldn't do anything to stop the black
woman.  Then the woman reached up and pulled both Shirley's straps down her arm
exposing her sensitive nipples to the black woman and the white woman taking
pictures of her nakedness.  The black woman kept Shirley's face looking to the
camera as the black woman kept up her humiliation.  The black woman reached
around Shirley with both hands and pinched her nipples as hard as she could and
the white woman slave took many pictures of Shirley's pain. 

The black woman finally quit torturing her titties for a few minutes giving
Shirley a little time to get her senses back.  Then the black woman went back
behind Shirley and made her stand up and keep her legs about 6 inches apart. 
Shirley was scared what she was going to do to her next. She was hoping that
exposing her breasts out in public was all she was going to have happen to her
but she was about to be more embarrassed then ever before.  She just hoped that
the white woman and the black woman were going to be the only ones to see her
naked body. 

As Shirley was standing with her hands handcuffed behind her back.  The black
woman whispered into her ear that if she gave any problems and fought she would
go though her purse and get her address and she would come by her house and kill
her in the middle of the night. 

Then Shirley turned her head and tried to look at the black woman and beg to be
free when the black woman then reached around and undid her uniform pants and
unzipped them.  The white woman took some more pictures as the black woman
pulled Shirley's pants down past her knees.  Now she was standing in front of
the black woman in her white panties.  The other woman urged the black mistress
to show the pussy.  So the black woman then put her hands down the front of
Shirley's panties and caressed her lips.  Shirley was moaning with each caress. 




SHIRLEY'S SECRET 3

The black woman fingered Shirley and the other woman took more pictures.  Then
all of a sudden the black mistress yanked down Shirley's panties to her knees
exposing her hairy pussy to the camera.  The black mistress then spread
Shirley's Lips and told her other slave that Shirley's Pussy was soaking wet. 
The mistress then said that Cop Shirley must like to be abused. 

She then worked the pussy hard and Shirley moved her hips to try to get herself
to come.  But all of a sudden the black woman forced her legs wide and then she
reached down and pinched Shirley's clit.  This reaction dropped Shirley to her
knees.  The other woman took at least 100 or so pictures of Shirley.  The black
woman then let her slave woman get into some of the action to embarrass Shirley
some more.  She told her slave to back her asshole up to Shirley's mouth and she
told Shirley she wanted her tongue in her slave girl's asshole. 

The black woman then took some picture of her eating ass and pussy.  Shirley had
never been with a woman and she knew she was not gay but she was getting wetter
as the time went on and she wanted to have an orgasm.  After about an hour or
torture being naked in front of the two women.  Then the black woman put one
scare into her.  She opened her purse and took out her driver's license and some
credit cards.  Then the mistress looked her right in the face and wrote down a
piece of paper to come to this address the next day at 5 o'clock after she got
off work in her uniform.  Shirley was scared now because she knew where she
lived. 

The black woman and the white woman released Shirley from the cuffs and left her
on the ground and the left.  Shirley was so much in shock but she didn't know
what to do.  The pictures that were taken looked like she was a volunteer. 

She got up and got dressed and left and went home for the night wondering what
the black woman would do with her. 

Her Husband asked her during dinner if she was all right.  She told him she had
a busy day at work. 

The next morning she woke up two hours early sweating and she was horny thinking
of her rape from the day before.  She had went into the bathroom and sat on the
toilet and masturbated.  She finally came and then got in the shower. 

She was distracted all day at work and couldn't concentrate on her work.  The
day ended and she went out to her car.  She opened her purse and got the address
out and drove over to it.  She sat in her car a little longer then she should
have and then got out and went up to the door of the house.  She rang the
doorbell and this teenage girl answered the door.  Shirley didn't know what to
say when the girl yelled out to her mother that the cop was there. 

Shirley walked in and she seen the black woman over by a computer desk playing
on the internet.  She then commanded Shirley to come over to the computer.  So
Shirley walked over there and stood beside the black woman.  The black woman
then introduced herself as "the black widow".  Shirley didn't know how to react
until the black woman commanded her to take off all her clothes.  Shirley told
her no and then told her she wouldn't because she had her daughter watching from
the couch. 

The black woman then stood up and struck Shirley with her backhand.  This got
Shirley's attention and she then started crying.  The black woman then said she
would give her something to cry about.  The black woman then sat back down on
the computer as Shirley started taking off her top.  She was still crying and
undressing slowly when all of a sudden there was a smack from behind that
shocked Shirley.




SHIRLEY'S SECRET 4

It was the black woman's daughter that had a paddle in her hand and she told
Shirley to hurry up and get her clothes off.  Shirley then quickly took off her
uniform top and then she took off the black bra.  This exposed her breasts
completely to the women.  Then she undid her pants and pulled them off.  Now she
was standing in front of her two owners in just a pair of black panties. 

The teenager then told Shirley to bend over a table by the computer and was told
to count each stroke and then beg to have another.  Shirley then bent over the
table exposing her ass to the teenager.  The mother then took out her digital
camera again and started taking pictures of her daughter spanking Shirley's
white ass. 

The first one came down real hard on her ass and she screamed out loud.  The
teenager then did it a few more times and each time Shirley screamed.  The
teenager then was told she needed to shut the slut up.  The mother said she was
making too much noise. 

The teenage daughter then came up behind Shirley and yanked down her panties and
took them off.  Shirley was now very vulnerable exposing her damp pussy to the
black woman and her daughter.  Then the daughter started walking around to the
front of the cop when she commented to the mother saying the panties were all
wet.  The mother told her to put them inside out and make sure that the wet spot
gets cleaned by Shirley's tongue.  She then stuffed them in her mouth.  Shirley
gagged on her own panties.  Then the daughter then went back behind the slave
and started spanking her ass again.  The mother got some very good pictures of
her titties and her red ass.  Then the black mistress went into her bedroom and
came back with this bag and had a piece of paper and a pen in her hand.  The
daughter then forced Shirley over a chair and bent her over.  Then the black
widow woman told Shirley why she had gotten a spanking.  She was almost 10
minutes late.  Then her daughter reached behind Shirley and then inserted an
enema nozzle up her ass.  The mistress then started telling Shirley what she had
expected from her.  She had Shirley look at the computer where she had pictures
of Shirley in her uniform and with other women.  She then told her she would do
as she said or her life would be ruined.  Her pension would be gone, her husband
wouldn't understand and her daughter would hate her for going gay. 

Shirley figured these women would get bored after awhile with her.  The black
widow then gave Shirley this paper and she was told to write everything down. 
Shirley started to feel the enema filling her and the cramps were starting to
hurt.  As she read each line she got more scared.  First the paper wanted her
address.  Wanted to know each family member and where they lived.  The best
friends and where they lived.  Then it started to get personal.  It asked how
many orgasms a day.  Where have sex.  Lots of other personal questions that
Shirley was afraid to tell anyone.  When she was finally done with the
questionnaire.  The teenager wasn't too happy with her because she took too
long.  So the mother then reached over and grabbed Shirley's hair and raised her
face.  When the daughter grabbed a whip and then swung it as Shirley watched. 
It hit the top of her breasts, She then swung it across both her nipples. 
Shirley screamed in her panty gag.  The daughter was pleased with the torture
when her mother told her to take her out and let her release herself in the back
yard.  Shirley begged in the gag to go to the bathroom and release.  She didn't
want to be seen out in public naked. 

The daughter then got a leash and put it on Shirley and led her out to a tree to
be relieved.  Finally Shirley finished and the mother told her to dress and go
home and be back in the morning. 




SHIRLEY'S SECRET 5

Shirley dressed and left wondering what these women would do to her the next
day.  When she got home that night and took a shower she wondered what she would
be doing the next day.  She went to bed and woke up early again the next morning
and sat on the toilet and she could tell her breast's were sore and her ass was
still sore.  She then masturbated again.  She took another shower and then got
dressed and left for work.

Shirley got to work and then went on a few work calls.  She then called and told
her boss she was going to take an early lunch.  She then took her car and drove
over to the black widow woman's house.  The black woman then came out of the
house and got in her car.  She then told her to go into town.  She had to go
visit someone.  They drove to this big business building and Shirley and the
black woman got into the elevator and went to the 11th floor.  The got out and
walked into this business area and walked though a lot of desks where people
were talking on the phone.  Shirley started getting very nervous, especially
since she was in uniform.  Everyone was looking.  They got to this hallway and
went up to this one door.  The black woman opened the door and walked in, there
was two women were sitting at their desks doing paperwork and typing.  Shirley
looked at them and noticed that they were twins. Both women glanced up and seen
it was their friend and Shirley.  The one that was sitting at the desk at the
left side of the room got up and walked around her desk.  She then walked around
inspecting Shirley.  Then she told the black widow woman that the slut had a
decent body for a 42-year-old woman. Then Jean told her it was going to be fun
to dominate a big six-foot woman.  She then asked the woman what Shirley's pain
threshold was.  The black woman then told Jean that she could test her while
they were there.  Jean had a smile on her face and she called her other sister
"Jane" over to inspect the slut. 

Jane got up from her desk and walked over behind Shirley and she then grabbed
Shirley by the hair and yanked her back making Shirley loose her balance. 
Shirley finally got her balance back when Jane told her to bend forward. 
Shirley quickly did as she asked then she watched Jane squat down behind her. 
Shirley watched her in shame to be in a vulnerable position like this.  At that
instant Shirley seen out of the corner of her eye she seen Jane's arm move
quickly.  She didn't have time to react.  Jane slammed her arm up between
Shirley's legs.  Shirley then fell to the floor in pain from the direct hit from
Jane's arm to her sensitive pussy. 

Jane then went back over to her desk and got in the drawer.  Shirley was trying
to get her senses back but the pain in her pussy really hurt.  Then all of a
sudden Jean was standing behind her fondling her tits through her uniform. 
Shirley could feel herself getting turned on with the foreplay.  Jean told her
sister that Shirley had medium size tits but her nipples were getting very hard. 

Jean finally quit playing with Shirley and stepped back and sat on her desk. 
She then commanded Shirley to take off all her clothes.  Shirley then begged the
black woman to stop the embarrassment.  But the black woman looked at her and
told her she better hurry up and get them clothes off or she would make her walk
back down the business building completely naked to her car.  This scared
Shirley and she quickly started to unbutton her shirt and take off her top. 
Then she undid her bra in the back and took it off, exposing her breasts to the
women.  Jane made a comment that Shirley must like taking off her clothes in
front of women because her nipples were rock hard. 




SHIRLEY'S SECRET 6

Jean then said "hurry up bitch I don't have all day and you don't want someone
to walk in our office and see you naked".  Shirley then reached down and undid
her pants and then dropped them to the floor.  The black widow then told her to
get them panties off faster or she would pay dearly.  Shirley then pulled off
her panties.  Jane then told Shirley to hand her panties to her.  Shirley picked
up her panties from the floor and just as she was handing them to Jane she could
see that her panties were soaking wet.  She was shamed and very embarrassed. 
Jane grabbed the panties and then commented to the other women that Shirley must
be really enjoying her humiliation because her panties were soaking wet. 

The black widow then commented that she had the same situation the day before at
her house and her daughter then made Shirley stick the dirty panties in her
mouth and clean them.  Jane then commented that was a great idea.  She then told
Shirley to open her mouth and stick out her tongue.  Shirley hesitated a minute
and that got Jane a little mad so she reached out with her right hand and
grabbed Shirley's erect nipple and pinched her right nipple as hard as she could
until Shirley opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out. 

Shirley then opened up her mouth, Jane then first wiped the crotch area across
the tongue and asked Shirley how sweet her pussy juices were.  Shirley didn't
like her taste, she thought it was gross but she wouldn't tell her mistresses
that. 

Jane got some things from her desk and she told Shirley to bend over her
sister's desk and spread her legs wide. 

Shirley then bent over the desk and spread her legs wide.  This gave Jane easy
access to her sweet pussy. 

Jean sat down back at her desk and looked at Shirley bent over her desk.  She
then made Shirley guide her tits over the edge of the desk just dangling over. 
The black widow opened up her purse and took out a digital camera and took
several more pictures of Shirley's humiliation.  Jean then grabbed Shirley by
the hair and had her look at the camera in this awkward angle.  The picture was
a cute one with Shirley's panties in her mouth and her titties dangling over the
edge of the desk.  She had no idea what Jean and Jane were about to do to her. 

Just at that moment Jean told the black widow woman to take several pictures of
what she was about to do.  Jean then opened the top drawer of her desk. 
Shirley's nipples were just over the edge hanging alittle in the way if the
drawer closed.  At that moment Jean told the widow woman to take some pictures. 
She then slammed the drawer closed,  Shirley screamed through the panties gag as
her nipples got pinched in the drawer.

The black widow woman got some great expressions of pain from Shirley.  She then
complimented Jean on her pain techniques.  Just about the same time Jane was
behind Shirley fondling between her pussy lips.  The black widow could hear
Shirley moaning through the gag.  Jane then told Jean to grab the handcuffs the
cop had and put them on her.  Jean went to the cop's uniform and grabbed the
cuffs and secured Shirley's hands behind her back.  Then she went over to a
closet and got some rope and came back and complete secured Shirley to the desk
where she could not move at all.

Then Jane told Jean and the black widow that she wanted to stretch her inner
pussy lips to be able to abuse her later.  Shirley heard her say that and got
real scared at how she was going to do it.  Then Jane went over to a cabinet and
pulled out a small chest of things.  She then walked back behind Shirley and
told the black widow to take some pictures. 




SHIRLEY'S SECRET 7

Jean and Jane also grabbed the rope and secured Shirley's knees apart so she
could not close them.  Jane then grabbed her chair and got set up for the next
hour of torture for Shirley.  Shirley was in one hell of a position and could
not get out.  Then she felt Jane reach between her legs and she felt her grab
her right inner pussy lip and she attached a clamp.  Shirley screamed in severe
pain as she did that one, then she did the other one.  Poor Shirley had never
been in this kind of pain before.  Her pussy was on fire from the torture. 

The black widow then took several pictures of Shirley in this position.  Then
she heard Jane say.  "Now it is time for some weights."  Shirley tried to turn
her head and plead for mercy but to no avail.  Jane attached some weights to
both of the clamps.  This pulled her pussy lips down about a half an inch.  Jane
was happy with the stretching. 

Just at that moment the door opened to the office and everyone turned to look
who it was.  Shirley was so embarrassed because she was in such a vulnerable
position and so ashamed that another person see her naked and in public.

In walked this old lady with gray hair.  She was embarrassed herself walking in
on this extreme entertainment.  She quickly walked out and was walking back down
to her office when Jean went after her and persuaded her to come back into the
office. 

The old lady walked back into the office and over to where Shirley was and she
was shocked at the pain she was going through.  She saw the weights hanging from
her inner pussy lips.  She then was guided around the front desk and she saw
Shirley's nipples being pinched in the desk drawer.  Then Jean grabbed the
panties from Shirley's mouth.  She then asked her if the panties were clean. 
Shirley then told her.  "Yes, mistress I cleaned my dirty panties."  The old
lady just looked at her in amazement.  Then Jean got behind the old woman and
whispered in her ear.  "How would you like this slut to eat your pussy and make
you cum in her mouth".  The old lady then told her she wasn't that kind of
woman.  Then Jean reached around the old woman from behind and overpowered her
and reached up under her dress and started fingering her pussy.  The old woman
tried to get free but Jean had her under control and then she started to hear
her moan a little.  She was totally torturing her pussy through her panties and
she then quit.  She then told Shirley to beg the old woman to eat her pussy. 

Shirley didn't say anything at first till she felt Jane behind her grab the
weights and swing them to cause her so much more pain she begged right away to
the old woman to eat her pussy to orgasm.  The old woman then pulled her panties
down and lifted up her dress and sat down on this chair.  Jean adjusted the
level so the pussy was directly in front of Shirley's face.  The black widow
took some more great pictures of Shirley eating some old gray hair pussy. 

The old woman had one great orgasm before Jane told her she had enough fun.  She
then told her to get dressed and get back to work.  The women then untied
Shirley and then retied her on her back on the desk.  They tied her hands and
feet to the desk.  Then they completely tied her knees spread wide giving them
total access to her pussy.

Jane then went into the closet with the black widow and they talked for a few
minutes. Shirley was trying to hear what they were talking about but she
couldn't hear anything.  Then they came back to where she was and she could see
that Jane had some needles in her hand. 




SHIRLEY'S SECRET 8

Jane then came up to Shirley and showed her the needles.  The black widow woman
then told her what the needles were for.  "Slave Shirley these needles are going
to make things painful for you and you will have to beg me for release."  As she
said that Jane grabbed Shirley's right nipple and got it very hard and then she
grabbed the tit for guidance and she inserted the needle into her nipple and
Shirley then felt a burning inside her breast.  She then did the same to the
other nipple.  When they got done with her breasts the black widow then told
Shirley exactly what it was.  She told Shirley that within a few days she would
start producing milk in her breasts.  But the bad thing for Shirley was she had
to get permission to relieve her breast milk.  

Shirley then got to relax for a little bit before the next major situation.  The
women then talked for another five minutes before they came back with another
needle.  This time Jane went between Shirley's legs.  Shirley started begging
the women not to do anything with her pussy.  But they ignored her pleas.  Jane
then reached up between her legs and fingered her already wet pussy lips.  She
then played with the clit and got it so hard.  This time Jane grabbed the clit
and inserted the needle.  Shirley screamed in severe pain.  Then Jane inserted
the needle into each cunt lip and Shirley was begging for mercy.  Finally the
women got done with Shirley and she was so exhausted.  Jane then told her what
she had did to her pussy.  She said she made her pussy and clit extra sensitive
to touch and she would be constantly horny.  The black widow then told her slave
from now on she will not cum until she gives her the permission to cum. 

They let Shirley get up and get dressed.  The twins then told Shirley they would
see her more often.  The black widow and Shirley then left the office and went
down the elevator.  Then they went to the car and then Shirley took the black
widow woman back to her house.  The black widow woman got out of her car and
then gave Shirley her number and told her to call her.  Shirley then asked her
when, so she told her "you will know."

Shirley then drove off from her long lunch break.  She went back to work
thinking about what had just happened to her.  She knew that the black widow
woman had her as long as she wanted her as a slave. 

Shirley finished out her day and she drove home and took along shower.  Her body
was in so much pain from the tortures of the day.  She then thought of what her
mistress told her about not being able to cum. 

Over the next few days Shirley could feel her body changing just like the
mistresses told her would happen.  By the weekend Shirley's tits started to hurt
a lot and she was getting very horny.  While Shirley was at work her breasts got
so painful and full.  She was in her car and she pulled over to use her cell
phone.  She called the black widow woman and the woman told her to come over to
her house.  Shirley was in so much pain she told her supervisor's that she was
taking an early lunch. 

Shirley was in so much pain and needed to be relieved.  She pulled her car in
front of the black widow's house and got out of her car and walked up to the
door and rang her doorbell.  The black widow answered the door and told Shirley
to come into the house.  She walked around Shirley and then told her to take off
her clothes and put them on the couch.  Shirley quickly took off all her clothes
and was standing in front of the black widow completely naked. 

The black widow then walked behind Shirley and reached around and grabbed her
breasts.  Shirley's breasts were in so much pain.  The black widow would squeeze
then just to get a reaction from Shirley.  She then reached between her legs and
Shirley started begging to be relieved. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  littlebro_969


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





