BDSM Library - Mary Jane




Mary Jane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Forced by her parents to become a live-in housekeeper to a man eight years her senior, Mary becomes unwillingly embroiled in a BDSM Christmas party.
Mary Jane



Synopsis

Forced by her parents to become a live-in housekeeper to a man eight years her
senior, Mary becomes unwillingly embroiled in a BDSM Christmas party.

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF NC BDSM WS Rom etc

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003




Mary Jane

by obohobo



Chapter 1. Forced to leave home

"Mary Jane! For the twentieth bloody time you will make yourself be nice to the
young man. You can't afford to be choosy."

"Mummy, I don't like him and I bloody well won't be nice to him just so you can
be rid of me. You've no right to make me! I am supposed to be your daughter if
you remember!"

"Look here Mary," Joe Clarke her father put in, "We can't afford to keep you and
feed you for much longer. This farm hardly pays for itself and now we have given
up on the cows, there is little enough for you to do."

"But I can't get a job with no exam results and no qualifications. Nothing. You
kept me away from school too often for me to get even one GCSE." Mary Jane was
near tears. "And there's no jobs about here for anyone like me. Hardly anyone
works on these marshes now. All I know is cows and most of them in this area are
gone." Her eyes teared over remembering the slaughter of their herd during the
foot and mouth outbreak.

"All you do now is sit at home and read those books you get at the jumble sales!
You don't even try to do much work here, and you haven't made any effort to look
for a job either," complained Jessie. Her mother went on, "You really don't have
much choice. Out on these marshes you aren't likely to meet many boys who are
likely to marry you and take you off our hands. All of the farm hands, what are
here are getting on in years, the young'uns have all moved away, so you'd best
make the most of this student bloke. He seemed nice enough when he came to see
Stockman's House."

"Yeah and he's old and educated at university so what do you think he'll want
with a numskull like me?"

"He's not that much older than you and he'll want what all men want when they
are with a girl. A good lay in the bed."

"I don't believe it! You're asking me to become a fucking whore! Just to get rid
of me! What sort of mother are you? Why don't you sell your body and I'll do the
cooking!"

So the argument raged on, getting more and more heated. Finally in a tantrum,
Mary threw a cup at her father and shouted at them "I'm not a whore and I'm not
going to have anything to do with him," before storming out of the room. She
knew immediately she closed her bedroom door, it had been a mistake. It might
have been two years since she had received a dose of the belt but she guessed if
she didn't get away now she was in for another. Her suspicions were confirmed
when the distinctive click of the door latch to the cupboard under the stairs
assailed her ears. The cupboard door that held the wide leather punishment belt.
Quickly she tilted the back of a chair under the doorknob to try and shield
herself and prevent their entry to her room. This old house had no locks on any
of the internal doors. Perhaps she could get out of the bedroom window and down
the drain pipe before they came. Her effort was futile. It was December and the
wet had swollen the sash window and made it immovable in its frame. As soon as
her father put his shoulder to the door, the chair and the mat on which it
stood, slid across the floor and Mary stood face to face with her very angry
parents.

"So you want to behave like a spoilt little brat, then we will sodden well treat
you like one," Jessie yelled swinging the belt with one hand. "You might be
nearly eighteen but I think you'll find this strip of leather will still hurt
that little bloody arse of yours," she went on. "I've had enough of your fucking
nonsense and laziness." Jessie was a big woman who and lived and worked hard on
farms all her life and believed that others should work just as hard as she did.
It was bad enough that her elder daughter had up and left home before she
started to bring any income into the family. This little bitch was either going
to bring some money in or get out. She was tired of taking back-chat and excuses
from her. The belt would make her sing a different tune.

Mary tried to back away but there was nowhere to go. Clenching her fists in
anger, she threw punches at her father as he approached. One caught him in the
face but proved very ineffective and only served to heighten his anger. Her
small frame, though wiry and tough, was no match for a burly man, used to
throwing heavy sacks of corn and fertiliser around. Seemingly in no time at all,
Mary was held face down across her own bed. "Give it to her on the bare, Jess.
Make sure she knows we mean business over this." Mary could feel her father's
chest quivering in his anger as he pressed her body to the bedspread. She tried
to yell and scream but the sounds were muffled by bed clothes. In any case there
was probably no one within miles. The next farm was a mile away and the student
man had not yet taken up residence in Stockman's House and that was near half a
mile further down the track. Further on still was the seawall and the North Sea.
Cold December air caused her to shiver when with one movement, Jessie pulled
Mary's trousers and knickers to her knees. Goose bumps raised themselves on her
bare arse but it wouldn't be cold for long!

CRAACCKK!! Jessie laid the cruel leather across Mary's white globes. Only for a
second or two did they remain white. A stifled scream came from Mary's mouth. A
broad band of red appeared across both bum cheeks. "That's right, Jess, lay it
on good and hard. Time we put an end to her nonsense."

CRAACCKK!! CRAACCKK!! CRAACCKK!! Without mercy, in her anger Jessie pounded her
daughter's arse, almost heedless of the pain she was causing. Her face flushed
with excitement and power as repeatedly brought the belt down hard across the
writhing thighs and arse in front of her. "You'll do what you're told in future
you lazy little bitch. If that your tight little cunnie can help you get a job,
then you let it be used." So Jessie wildly tormented her daughter in the
intervals between the belt landing. CRAACCKK!! CRAACCKK!! CRAACCKK!! So the
punishment went on.

"Enough Jess," Joe ordered. Reluctantly Jessie put the belt down and seemingly
saw for the first time the horror of the severely bruised flesh that was her
daughter's bottom. Inwardly she knew she had over done the punishment but would
never admit to it. Certainly not to her daughter.

"Now perhaps you'll do as you are told girl." Jessie spoke dangerously quietly
as Joe released his grip. Mary sobbing and crying loudly, tried to stand but
found it too painful.

Joe picked his daughter up and lay her lengthways along the bed. For the first
time in some years her virgin cunt was displayed for him and a bulge appeared in
the front of his overalls. "Lie there for a bit Mary," he said, "And don't make
too much noise unless you want another dose of the same." He pushed his wife
into their bedroom. Both quickly undressed and mated furiously. Mary heard them
but chose to shut it from her mind. Her arse was too sore. She needed a cold wet
flannel to drape over it. Slowly and painfully she raised herself and walked to
the bathroom. Pausing at their wide open bedroom door as she made her way to the
bathroom, Mary stared in as her father's white behind plunged between his wife's
wide open thighs. Jessie was thrusting back to meet him and groaning with
pleasure. Spotting Mary watching she called out, "Come in and take a closer
look. This is what you may need to do to get a job or keep a man." Mary turned
away in disgust and went into the bathroom.



Michael MacFarlaine arrived at the farm early next morning. "Good morning Sir,"
Jessie greeted him, "The cottage is open and Mary's there lighting the fire and
getting things ready for you. The place will be cold after being shut up for so
long."

"Thank you Mrs. Clarke. That was thoughtful of you. December is not the best
time to move into a house especially with the weather being so wet."

"Very true Sir. We was wondering Sir..."

"Please call me Michael"

"We was wondering, Sir... Michael, that is Joe and me, if you would like to keep
Mary on as housekeeper. She could live in and would look after all your needs
and keep the house clean and all that."

"Thank you Mrs. Clarke but that won't be necessary. I can look after myself and
with the small grant I get for my studies I doubt if I can afford a
housekeeper." That wasn't exactly the truth. Yes, the grant he received for his
Ph.D. studies was small but he had inherited a sizable fortune and owned a small
estate in Scotland. In fact he'd bought the area of marshes he was to study and
Stockman's House but had done so anonymously in the name of the Dengie Wildlife
Trust.

"Oh don't worry about the cost for the time being, Michael. Take her on a
month's trial. Just feed her and if she serves you well, then you can work out a
payment if that is necessary." Michael realised she was trying to palm her
daughter off on to him. Inwardly he was angry, outwardly he kept calm. "It will
help us if she is out of our hair for a while. The farm's not doing very well,
in fact we're losing money all the time and without the cows there is little for
her to do here," Jessie went on, "And she's obedient and if she isn't, a good
hiding doesn't do her any harm. You just take her on trial for a bit Sir and
see."

Joe arrived. "Don't be afraid to take a belt to her if she doesn't do what you
want, Sir. She understands that sort of language."




Chapter 2. Working for a new master

Michael doubted very much if he would want to keep the girl. He'd met her once
on a previous visit and thought her scrawny and probably illiterate. And where
would she sleep if she lived in? He'd cleared the second bedroom for use as an
office workroom. From the sound of things, they were expecting her to sleep with
him, perhaps get her pregnant and force marriage or a settlement. No way did he
want that. He'd met several girls that were only money grabbers but had
fortunately seen through them in time. Now he kept his real identity somewhat
secret. He looked like a student in well worn clothes, drove a battered
Landrover which was practical for being on the marshes and had given up wearing
a suit and tie. His mind was made up to kick the girl from the cottage as soon
as he arrived. "No small time farmer is going to foist their daughter on me!"
Michael muttered angrily as he parked the Landrover.

"Morning Sir." The glare in Mary's eyes belied the pleasantness of the greeting.

"Thank you for what you have done Mary, you can go home now. I shan't need you
here any longer. Go home." The abruptness of the greeting startled the young
girl. It the back of her mind she half expected him to immediately take her to
the bedroom and make love to her. Or perhaps rape her. That's what would have
happened in her Mills and Boon novels. Tears sprang to her eyes as she stepped
away from him and felt the seat of a chair touch the back of her knees.
Unthinkingly she sat down on the hard seat only rise again with a cry of pain.

"Please Sir, don't send me back just yet. I don't want to be here either but
......" Michael was stunned by her reaction. Her backside was obviously sore and
after what her parents had said, he guessed they had given her backside a
tanning.

"But what?" Michael prompted.

"Sir.... Well I'm sure you guessed. I don't want another thrashing."

"Tell me."

Mary gave her version of the previous day. "They want me to seduce you and get
me pregnant and marry me." Mary scowled at him, "You don't want that and I
certainly don't. I don't want to be here with you at all but they said if I
didn't do get to stay for a month, the thrashing I got yesterday would be
repeated tenfold." Tears now flowed freely from Mary's eyes.

"So you were going act like a whore and then rip me off. You know I'm only a
student?"

"No, I wasn't going to rip you off. I was hoping to earn enough money to pay my
fare to my elder sister Chris, and perhaps she would have helped me. She ran
away from home three years ago. She couldn't stand farm life and Mum's belt
either. I'm only here because of the belting I had, not because I want to be
with you." A hint of defiance came through Mary's voice even though she was
still crying.

"Did you expect to sleep with me? You must have seen I have only the one bedroom
and one bed now that I have converted the other two bedrooms into workrooms."

"I suppose so. Mummy said I would have to if I hoped to keep the job. I thought
perhaps I could sleep on the sofa but I guessed you would want to screw me so I
would have to sleep with you. I didn't want to. I don't want to." Michael could
hardly believe his luck. He'd been to several BDSM parties with his rich friends
and had quite enjoyed seeing women spanked and caned before being well and truly
fucked. Thoughts of training this girl ran through his mind. It would be lonely
on the marshes this winter so if.......

"Perhaps I should believe you but first I want to be sure the belting you had
was real or as bad as you're making it out to be. Drop your trousers and bend
over the back of the sofa."

"No, please. It is real. I swear it is. I can hardly walk or sit down at all."

"Well Mary, you might just as well go straight back home and get the rest of
your thrashing, if what you said is true. You supposedly came here to sleep with
me and you won't even bare your arse. Off with you. Go and annoy your parents.
You've tried my patience enough girl!"

"No Sir. Please Sir, please don't send me home. I can't face being whipped two
days in a row. I'll show you." Mary unzipped her trousers and lowered them. Even
through the thin material of her white cotton knickers, Michael could see the
vivid colours of the bruising as well as the exposed marks on her thighs. Yet he
wasn't satisfied. She had a small rounded arse, almost boyish and he saw the
opportunity to see more of it and glimpse the slit that lay between her thighs.

"Now the knickers," he ordered. Blushing with shame, Mary lowered the garment
and bent over the sofa when he indicated. Gently Michael touched her bottom and
then felt between her legs. "Well the whipping is real enough that's for sure,"
Michael remarked, now feeling sorry for the girl but continued feeling her pubic
area before suggesting, "So this is what the little whore was going to offer me
in exchange for a marriage contract. Nothing very different to what I've seen
before, in fact there's not too much there and no doubt a goodly number of other
boys have seen and used it."

"Oh no, Sir....."

"Stop the Sir business. I'm only a student."

"No Michael, no man has ever seen me except daddy when he beats me and no boy
has even used it."

"You're a virgin? Your parents are offering that to me?" Michael asked
incredulously. Mary nodded. "There must be a catch somewhere. Alright pull your
trousers back up." Did her parents know his real identity? Did the girl have
some hidden faults she wasn't showing yet? Disease? While watching her painfully
replace her trousers, Michael debated whether or not to allow her to stay and
decided to delay any decision for an hour or two. The Landrover needed unloading
and there were many other jobs to get done before he could settle in. Much of
the stuff for his stay he'd delivered on previous visits but now he was
preparing to stay for some months.

"Mary, you can help me until after lunch and then I will decide what to do with
you. I know you are not a very big girl and your arse is sore, but you're a farm
girl so I will expect a decent amount of help and a cooked lunch. "

Although small framed, Mary was strong for her size. Even doing the small amount
of work she now did on the farm, often involved lifting and moving heavy items.
Today though, lifting put a strain on her buttocks and made her wince each time
she picked up a box that was unexpectedly heavy. One thing Mary could do was
cook a meal and she thought this might make Michael look more favourably on her.
She was a farmer's daughter and knew the sort of meal outdoor men liked and
needed. From the ingredients unloaded from the Landrover and found in the fridge
she produced an excellent hot meal one that was far better than Michael would
have made for himself. Afterwards they sat around the range in the warmth and
drank mugs of tea. "Mary, how old are you?"

"Seventeen, nearly eighteen."

"What I can't understand Mary is, if you were subjected to these beatings at
home, why didn't you run away like your sister and get a job elsewhere?"

"I've no certificates, no qualifications at all. Christine got some GCE's before
they changed to exam system so she got a job locally. She put most of her money
in a bank account where my parents couldn't touch it and when she had enough she
moved up north." Mary looked down at her feet. "I was kept home too much to help
out with the cows to take any exams and after I officially left school, I looked
carried on with the cows and liked that but they were all slaughtered when the
foot and mouth disease came. I loved some of those cows. They had personalities.
Seeing them killed and burned really upset me and I made me depressed.
Afterwards I sat round and did nothing except help at harvest and other times
when they were busy and they forced me to work. Now I just see to the chickens
and the two pigs. They never pay me so I never have any money, except a pound or
two to keep me quiet when we go to a jumble or car boot sale in the village."
Tears again began to flow. I have thought of running away but it's five miles
walk to Tillingham where I might get a bus if I had the money for the fare. But
I didn't. I was just stuck here. In my depression I started reading a lot which
took me out of being here at  least in my mind. My parents took it as a sign of
laziness and have decided they cannot really afford to feed me. When you turned
up to use the cottage they must have planned this. I hardly saw you before
today. I didn't want any of this and still don't."

Michael was quiet for a while, thinking how he might use the girl and turn the
tables so she was the victim and not himself. When he spoke it was slowly and
deliberately.

"It seems to me Mary, you have three choices. One, to go back home and take
whatever your parents dish out. Two, run away perhaps to your sister. I would
pay you a few pounds for your work today and you could come into Tillingham or
Southminster with me tomorrow and do a runner. Three, stay here but if you
decide on that, there are several conditions attached."

Mary looked up, part guessing sex would be one of the conditions. She'd read
about it often enough but never experienced it for real. Her imagination had run
wild at nights while her fingers played with her clit but never had she even
felt a boy's member. "I daren't go home, Michael and my sister lives in
Carlisle. That's an awful long way and the bus or train fare will cost a lot of
money. I would take that option if there was any real chance of my affording it.
That would be better than staying here as your whore!"

"But that's preferable to going back home? Are you sure your sister would take
you in?"

"No. I haven't seen or spoken to her since she up and left home three years ago
but I do have an address from her last Christmas card. I managed to get that
before it was thrown in the fire. At least I should have it if my things haven't
been thrown out already. Mum and Dad don't want anything to do with her since
she up and left."

"Have you a phone number?" Mary shook her head, no. "We could try directory
enquiries but my guess is she'll be ex-directory. Do you remember the address?"
Mary did and Michael tried Directory Enquiries but as he suspected, drew a
blank. He went on, "Well apart from just running away and taking pot luck and
most probably being turned into a prostitute in one of the  big cities, on your
own admission we are really only left with option three, to stay here but before
you decide you had better find out the conditions. I don't really want to take
you in at all but thinking about it I've come to the conclusion it would be nice
to have a bit of young cunt available when I want it. I'm guessing it can get
pretty lonely out here." Michael deliberately used blunt language, knowing a
farm girl would be used to it. "So the first condition is that you are available
to service me sexually in any way I desire and at any time. We will take such
precautions as necessary to prevent pregnancy. I must though emphasise the 'in
any way and at any time' bit. My last girl friend was rather wild in her ways
and in her attempts to capture me got me hooked on some of her ways too. I found
I enjoyed somewhat kinky things we did."

"Seems as if I am going to become a prostitute anyway! Do you mean you will want
me to do things other than straightforward sex? Normal fucking? Perverted
things?"

"At least with me it would only be with one person, Mary. You wouldn't be
servicing ten or twenty strangers each day. I wouldn't call the things I like to
do, perverted, Certainly, I like variety in sexual relationships and they might
be what you might term perversions, although I just consider them variations.
Secondly there is to be no thought on your part that I will ever marry you or
that you will have access to any of my limited funds apart from what is
necessary to keep you and what I would pay you." Mary nodded. She had expected
that clause and knew she didn't want to marry him either but was still wondering
about the perversions. Some she could possibly guess at from her reading and she
wasn't too sure they would not be so abhorrent she would have to refuse to do
them. "Your parents also said I was to discipline you when necessary and I will
do so if I feel you are not doing your best or being recalcitrant."

"Thirdly, your parents said I wouldn't have to pay you for the first month, only
feed you and look after you. Thereafter I will pay you the minimum wage rate
minus a lodging allowance. This will mean you should be able to slowly build up
a little fund for the future. In addition," Michael paused, "Since you have no
qualifications or any skills for employment other than for farm work, if you are
likely to stay for more than a few weeks, I will train you a little in the use
of the computer and other things so you stand a better chance of getting a job
later. It will be up to you whether you want to take up that offer or just do
housekeeping chores around here. I will not force it on you especially as it
will cut into my own time. Now before I leave you to think about all this and
its implications and go and make a start setting up my computer system, is there
anything you want to ask me? Ask now and then you can have until three o'clock
to make up your mind to stay or leave. If you wish to stay, make a pot of tea
and bring it up to me."

Mary mentioned she did have some experience with a computer. They did have an
old one which was mainly used for their milk production records when they'd had
cows and now they used it more for the records of their quotas. She then queried
what would be expected of her during her stay and was answered only in very
general terms. Suddenly she asked, "Why did you lease this old house miles from
anywhere and what are you going to be doing here? From what Mummy said, it is
something to do with the birds that live here."

Michael was a little surprised that she didn't want to know more about her
treatment but explained, "As part of my thesis for getting my doctorate I am
doing a one year study of the wild life on these marshes. It will start in
January and run through to December and possibly a follow up study the following
year. It could end up with my being the warden for the site."

"Will you be studying the birds and animals or the whole range of insect and
animal life?" The question surprised Michael even more. This girl was more
intelligent than she had seemed. Or was it all part of the con? He answered her
truthfully.

"Well I would like to say, the whole range but for one person for just one year,
that is not practical so I will be concentrating on the birds and shore life
particularly the migratory birds that use the mud flats, but will include as
much of the land fauna as I can fit in. Eventually I would like the study to be
broadened. I hope to become an all round naturalist, write books and make TV
programs."

"I know most of the birds around here. Will I be allowed to study them with
you?"

Once again she surprised him. He hadn't suspected she had even a remote interest
but knew most farmers had a wide knowledge of the wild life seen on their farms.
"I don't see why not, provided of course it fits in with your other duties. Now
think carefully of your options. It's pouring with rain again and if you decide
to leave and it's still raining at three, I'll drive you home or to the
village."

Three o'clock and Mary dutifully brought Michael a pot of tea. Trembling she sat
the tray on a side table. "You decided to stay then Mary." Michael stated the
obvious. Mary nodded. "Go and find yourself a mug and pour the tea, then we'll
go and collect your things. Throughout the ten minutes or so they sat talking
and supping their tea, Mary felt Michael was watching her. He'd made her sit on
a cushioned chair opposite him and spread her legs. Even with the cushion the
pain was barely bearable but she sat as still as she could while he studied her
in a way she couldn't quite fathom. Their conversation was superficial and
didn't reveal what each was thinking. If only she could read his thoughts.
Putting down his empty mug Michael paused for a while, looking at her directly.
By no stretch of the imagination was she a beauty queen. Small, rather skinny,
not too much in the boob department, just about summed up Michael's evaluation
of her. Yet she had a fire in her eyes, that he found intriguing. Michael
decided to test her "Before we do anything else, I want to see what my new sex
toy looks like under all that clothing. The fan heater is on so strip and let me
see what you naked." Blushing Mary hesitantly took off her sweater and even more
hesitantly, her blouse. "Keep going," Michael prompted, "I want to see your
tits." Finally the bra revealed her small, rounded breasts. "Come closer." For a
while Michael played with her breasts and then suckled her nipples. Mary just
stood there, ashamed at what she was allowing him to do, uncertain as to how she
should respond but feeling an unfamiliar tingle in her loins, a tingle she
normally only felt when she played with herself in bed at nights.

"You're going to have to get used to being naked around me, Mary," and after
another brief suckle added, "You've no need to be ashamed of your body. It is
very nice. No fat but not as skinny as I thought. I think I am going to enjoy
it. Now let see what is under those trousers, I only saw the rear end earlier."

Knowing she had agreed to service him sexually in any way at any time, Mary
slowly dropped her trousers and knickers. "So far at least he hasn't hurt me,"
she said to herself. Michael fondled her dark blonde pubic hair that matched
that on her head and started to massage her clit. It wasn't long before she
became aroused and Michael could slip his finger inside her cunt. It was all too
much for Mary. Her muscles tensed and she stood rigid. "Do you have to humiliate
me like this?" she asked

"Relax Mary. Try and enjoy what I am doing. You must have done this to yourself
countless times." The way Mary blushed he knew she had. "What did you think
about then? A tall handsome lover screwing you hard?" Mary didn't answer. His
guess was near the truth. Michael turned her round and once more examined her
sore arse. "We'll have to look in the bathroom and see if there is any cream
that might take some of the fire out of that." Mary winced as he gently touched
some of the sorer places. He knew the thrashing she spoke of was real enough.
"Her parents must be very hard hearted if they treat a daughter like that just
to give her away," he thought to himself, "Perhaps they get a kick out of it."
"Now," he went on aloud, "I am sure you are more than a little interested in
what I look like. You'll want to see my prick." Mary wasn't too sure that she
did but was nevertheless curious. She'd seen a couple of boys when they peed and
the bull when he serviced the cows before they went over to artificial
insemination, but never a full grown man's. She didn't even get a good look at
her father's yesterday, too much of it was inside her mother. Mary guess the one
that was before her was decidedly erect judging from the bulge in his trousers.
"Unzip me Mary and take it out."

With very shaky hands, Mary managed to open the front of his trousers and
blushingly pulled or at least, released the rampant prick. For a few moments the
sight startled Mary. It was bigger and harder than she expected but she knew it
wasn't as big as the exaggerated descriptions in her novels. This was no
fourteen inches but it was a goodly seven. "How will he get that inside me?" she
thought. The look on her face must have told Michael her fears.

As if to read her mind, Michael spoke quietly, "Don't worry about the size Mary,
it will go in easily enough when you're good and wet. It has been in quite a few
girl's cunt's up to now and in not a few arseholes too." That shocked Mary even
more and she began to wonder further if she had made the right decision. Perhaps
running away would have been better. Michael laughed at her expression. "Don't
worry dear, we'll lead up to it gradually." He debated whether or not to take
her there and then but decided to wait. He didn't want to have a hurried fuck
especially if it was her first time. Finally he said, "You better get dressed
again now. We'll go to your place and pick up your clothes and stuff and you can
move in. Won't take long to clear a few drawers especially as I haven't unpacked
everything yet."

Jessie heard the Landrover pull up and, after looking out of the kitchen window,
opened the back door. "You bringing her back already?"

"No, just picking up some of her clothes and stuff."

"Didn't think you'd want her to have any," Jessie grinned as she let them in.

Mary had surprisingly little stuff, mostly plain serviceable clothes suited to
outdoor life and farm work, but stuffed out of sight in the space under the
bottom drawer of her tallboy, was a big collection of books. They left most of
the novels but took her three bird identification books. "They were all together
at the Tillingham Church jumble sale for 50p. I've had them for years.
Christine, had given me a pound to go with so I bought them" Mary explained.

Jessie and Joe both tried to find out if anything had happened between the pair
but neither gave anything away. As Michael carried the last load to the car,
Jessie came out with the leather belt. "You better have this," she said, "She
understands what you want when you use this." Michael threw it in the back and
seeing the fear in Mary's eyes when they were out of Jessie's earshot said, "I
will only use that if your behaviour is exceptionally bad. I prefer hand
spanking. I like the feel of my hand on a sore arse." It did little to allay
Mary's fears as she could remember the spankings received from her father.

Later that evening after a late tea, they sat around the open coal fire talking.
Each trying to find out a little more about the other when, out of the blue,
Michael demanded, "Strip for me Mary." She looked up in total surprise. "I said
strip my little whore. Were there words in that sentence you didn't understand?"

"No er no," Mary stuttered, "I just wasn't expecting it."

"Expecting it or not, doesn't matter. Get on and do it. Time for me to play with
my new toy. I presume you just finished your period?" Stutteringly Mary answered
yes, wondering how on earth he knew. Michael had actually noticed a smear of
blood on his finger when he examine her arse that morning. "Good, we can fuck
for a few days without worrying about contraception. For the second time that
day, and for the second time in her life for that matter, Mary undressed in
front of a man. This time she guessed correctly, her virginity would go.

"Please be gentle," Mary requested, "I've never done this before."

"I know that Mary, or at least I believe you haven't but we'll find out shortly.
Come and undress me. This time she saw all of him, not just his cock. Again it
stood erect and ready. "I know your arse is still sore and you will feel it when
I lay on you but that can't be helped. I will keep the pressure off as much as I
can but I am going to use the normal missionary position for your first time.
Lay down on the sofa." The sofa, an old fashioned piece of furniture with an
padded arm at one end only, had been in the house for many years. Both the back
and seat were well upholstered but the cloth had become threadbare in places and
was now covered with a thick rug that made it both comfortable and serviceable.
In a more elegant situation it was probably used for ladies to lie down for an
afternoon nap. Mary's would be the first fuck it had upheld for some time.

Michael knelt between Mary's legs as she reclined in a most unladylike pose. His
tongue found her slit and for a while he sucked and laved her cunt and clit
until the vaginal moisture flowed. Mary closed her eyes and relaxed, enjoying
the sensation of a man's tongue for the first time. She was disappointed when
the tongue ceased it ministrations and Michael stood alongside her. Opening her
eyes she saw his prick head close to her face. "Suck it," Michael ordered, "Put
some spit on it to help it go in." Despite reservations, Mary did as requested.
Surprisingly she didn't find what little taste there was at all offensive and
began to enjoy the sensation of having it in her mouth.

Michael abruptly terminated her sucking, climbed between her legs and placed his
prick at her cunt entrance. Mary cried out as his weight forced her tender bum
down on to the springs and his prick pushed her tight labial lips apart. Rampant
with lust now, Michael pushed his weapon in further, then further still until it
hit the hymeneal membrane. "Virginity now going Mary," he shouted as he thrust
hard and his prick burst through the obstacle. Mary too cried out but for a
different reason. The sharp internal pain combined with the pain in her buttocks
seemed almost too much to bear.

"Michael, please, please be gentle." Her words went unheeded. Lust was in
control and Michael thrust deeper and harder into her body. Before he came
though, Mary's body started to respond but she failed to reach a climax before
Michael shed his seed within her.

"Perhaps next time will be better for you. Sorry, I got carried away. Been a
month or perhaps more since I had a good fuck and you certainly were that. First
virgin I've taken. Nice and tight. Real tight fit on my prick. I loved it." He
left his prick to soften within the confines of her cunt. Slowly withdrawing, he
once again bade her suck it.

"Oh no! It's gross!" Mary turned her head away. Without any warning Michael
picked up her ankles and laid two hard smacks on each bum cheek causing Mary to
howl with pain as the already tender flesh took the onslaught.

"Suck it!" Michael repeated. She almost hesitated too long. A micro second later
and her bum would have received another walloping. Instead, just as she felt his
hand touch her ankles so her mouth opened and took him in. He allowed her to
suck slowly for some minutes before making him lick his manhood from balls to
tip. In doing so it hardened again. Mary surprised herself by liking the sense
of power that enabled her to excite this man in this way.

"Now look what you've done Mary." Michael's voice was now good humoured. "It
looks like you have gotten him ready to go inside you again. Not often it
happens as quick as this. Open up those legs of yours again my little love
slave."

Mary, still sore from the previous assault, now began to worry that she really
had agreed to become a love slave to a sadist. "Please, Michael, I'm very sore."

"Not as sore as  you will be if you don't open those thighs." Reluctantly Mary
opened them and again felt his prick enter. It went in slickly this time,
lubricated by the sperm and blood from her previous fuck and the saliva from her
mouth. Michael was more in control of himself too. He worked his cock back and
forth trying to give his partner as much pleasure as he could. It succeeded.
After only a short time, Mary instinctively humped back and felt a delicious
pleasure building inside herself. She climaxed with a cry. Michael kept
thrusting until Mary orgasmed a second time before he allowed himself to release
a second load of sperm into her womb.

"Don't tell me you didn't enjoy it that time, Mary." Mary reluctantly slowly
nodded her agreement.




Chapter 3. The invitation

Four days later, Mary sat near naked at the keyboard pecking at the keys,
concentrating on a typing programme Michael had downloaded. Her only items of
clothing were a long shirt of Michael's and a pair of slippers. In the past few
days she had gradually become accustomed to this form of attire, although she
dreaded that someone would turn up unexpectedly at the door. Occasionally in the
summer, a hiker walking the seawall would call at the farm and ask for water or
directions. In December, this was unlikely but nevertheless she had a fear of it
happening. Michael liked her in this state of undress so as to be ready when he
wanted to 'play', his euphemism for fuck session. So far these had all been
straightforward sex mainly missionary position although once he had taken her
doggy style. Always though, she had to suck him afterwards and often before. "He
must really be a pervert," Mary told herself, "He also likes to suck me after a
fucking session. It feels nice but it's more gross than me sucking him. There's
not that much left on his prick when he pulls out. Don't know what it will be
like when he makes me suck him off completely. Tomorrow may be worse when he
starts using the condoms."

At first Mary had tried to be passive and just let him get on with it but more
and more frequently she became too aroused to control herself. Her arse was
still tender but she could sit without complaining and her cunt was tender from
the frequent use made of it. Still it was better than living at home and
certainly a lot less boring. They had driven to Chelmsford on the third day and
visited the family planning clinic where she was given a prescription for
contraceptive pills and Michael had bought a large pack of condoms to use when
she became fertile and until the pills became effective. It was only her second
time in the city, the first was several years ago when she attended a cattle
market with her father. This time though it was the retail market stalls they
visited. Michael had given her a say in what they bought and tried to find out
her likes and dislikes. It was only in sexual matters that he kept full control
and Mary had already learned it was less painful to obey immediately. When it
came to cooking and other domestic decisions, they either discussed them
amicably or he left it up to her.

Walking around the Wildlife Trust marsh site yesterday he was quite surprised by
her knowledge of the birds, plants and animals they spotted. Some of her names
though were local and he had laughed out loud when she called a snail a
'hodnedod' and thereafter he used the quaint term himself.

The post van arrived and minutes later Michael arrived in the room reading an
invitation card. Mary looked up from the keyboard with surprise when he asked,
"What will you be doing for Christmas Mary?"

She simply answered, "Dunno, Mike. I hadn't thought about it. Guess I expected
to spend Christmas here with you. Why?"

"One of my past girlfriends has invited me to stay with her in Scotland and to
go to a party Christmas eve."

"Oh?" A note of jealousy crept unbidden into that one word reply. After a long
pause she went on, "That's less than a week away. I'll stay here on my own. How
long will you be gone?" Her mind raced. In some ways she would welcome a little
time to herself. It might allow some of the vaginal soreness to diminish but it
could be a very lonely time for her especially over Christmas. Going back to her
family was not an option. She knew they would object to feeding her now, even at
Christmas. They had placed her in Michael's care, she was his to look after. In
any case she didn't want the embarrassment of answering their questions on her
sex life and if it was likely she was pregnant yet.

"Probably five days, perhaps a week," Michael replied, "But there is no way I
will let you stay here on your own. I'll think about it. I doubt if it would be
a suitable party for you. Prude is wild. For the word party you can usually
substitute orgy."

"Oh?" Mary said again, "Prude? Doesn't sound like an orgy person."

"No, Prude is short for Prudence, Prudence Farleigh, but the nickname is the
antithesis of her character. At parties she likes to have at least three men to
every woman so they each really get a good banging. Anything goes. I expect
Veronica Smeathers will be there and a couple of her friends. Maybe also,
'Bircher' Bella. Her nickname is very apt. She's a cruel one and likes to lay
the whip on bare flesh just to hear the cries and see the stripes. She's a
lesbian too and keeps her friend with her all the time. She's a sub and Bircher
always gives her a good whipping at parties."

"What's a sub?" Mary had only heard the term as a shortened version of submarine
and couldn't see the connection.

"A sub is short for a submissive. A person, in this case a woman who submits
herself to another, a dominant or dom for short. Often it is called a master and
slave relationship. Sometimes it is a man who is the sub or slave but most
frequently is seems the man is the master and the woman the slave."

"Like you and me."

"That's only partly true. In the case of a sub, the person willingly allows
herself or himself to be punished, in fact often desires it. With us you submit
but not really willingly. You submit to me sexually more because you don't have
any other option and if I take the belt to you it will only be because I am
stronger and can force you into submission, like your father and mother did.
Bircher would only have to order her slave to bend over a table and bare her
arse and she would do it, even in front of strangers and she would stay over the
table even if the whipping was severe. She might be forced to cry out and scream
but she would remain in position."

Mary returned to her typing for a few minutes and then asked, "Do the women have
to take three men all at the same time?"

"Sometimes they do Mary. Sometimes it is one after the other. I have seen a
girl, Sally actually, service five men. One had his cock in her arse, another
her cunt and one in her mouth. All the time she was rubbing a cock with each
hand."

"Gross! Fucking gross! How long do these parties go on for?"

Michael thought she was rather more interested in the topic than she tried to
make out and wondered if she subconsciously might really like to attend one. She
was responding now when he fucked her but as yet he hadn't attempted anything
really unusual. He wanted to bring her along slowly. "Perhaps there might be an
Easter get together I can introduce her to," he mused before answering, "Usually
overnight. People are often too exhausted or too sore to go on longer."

Half an hour later he spoke again. "I don't have much time to make arrangements,
Mary because the invitation was delayed by having to be forwarded from my other
lodging address but how would it suit you if we drove to Carlisle and stayed the
night, We could visit your sister and if you wanted you could spend the
Christmas with her, provided she could have you. Unfortunately it will have to
be a surprise visit as you don't have a phone number and with no mail out from
here until Monday and the post being what it is at this time, a letter won't get
to her in time. I would collect you on the way home, unless you do a runner and
break your bargain with me."

A huge smile broke on Mary's face and then clouded. "What if she isn't in? Or
has moved? Or..?"

"We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. If that is the case you might have
to come with me. I might be able to persuade Prude to put you up without taking
part in the party but I can't guarantee it."

"You wouldn't want to spend Christmas here?"

"Not really. I could but I would like to be somewhere with a little more life,
especially as I will have to be here for much of the coming year. Mary, why not
live a little recklessly? Take a chance on seeing Christine again and the
likelihood of spending Christmas with her but with the risk of having to go to
an orgy. In the last week, your life has already changed beyond recognition you
might be able to enjoy this party."

"I would love to see Chris again, but don't know if the risk is worth it.
Possibly in a month or two I will have earned enough to go and see her anyway
and I can write to her and find out the situation. You've turned me into enough
of a pervert already, I don't want to sink down even further."

"Think it over Mary. I'll phone Prude this evening so you can decide between now
and then. I really don't fancy staying here over Christmas and I don't yet trust
you enough to leave you here on your own. Unless you can come up with an
alternative, the choice is between having Christmas with your parents, or with
Chris or coming to the party and risking what might happen there."

"Couldn't we go to your old place?"

"Someone else has already moved in. Anyway you think on it while I get on in the
other room."

*****

"Hi Prude, it's Michael."

"Hi Michael. Are you coming?"

"Was that coming or cumming?"

"Both," Prude laughed.

"Well yes, I do want to attend but there maybe a slight problem in that I have a
young girl staying with me and has been for a week. Her name's Mary. She's
young, not quite eighteen and quite innocent but having been with me for a week,
she's no longer a virgin. It's a long story but she's tied to me for at least
another three weeks."

"Bring her up her and she'll soon lose her some more of her innocence Michael.
But what do you mean by tied to you? As in slave girl?"

"Yes, sort of. But I am half afraid one of your parties might well turn her
right off sex fun altogether. Anyway, I may be able to leave her in Carlisle.
She has a sister there who might take her in for Christmas but we have no way of
contacting the sister before we leave and she may not be at the address we have.
I presume it is a sex party."

"How did you guess? Roman theme, Soldiers and slaves. Your my centurion. If she
is already a sort of slave girl that should fit in well. Have received nearly
twenty acceptances already."

"Can we keep a low profile for Mary if I have to bring her?"

"Probably. Bring her along if you have too and we'll see what we can do. I'm
sure we can change her without upsetting things too much."




Chapter 4. Rebelliousness gets punished

Mary sat uneasily on the seat of the Landrover as it sped northwards along the
M1, her backside still tender from the spanking it received the previous
evening. She knew she shouldn't have tried to change her mind and stay at
Stockman's House. Nor should she have let her temper get the better of her and
thrown a tantrum when he refused to allow it. Still it was only a spanking and
he didn't use the belt. Even so, it was painful. His hand was hard and the
spanking prolonged because of her struggles. Glancing at Michael's forehead and
at the Elastoplast fastened there, she half dozed to the buzz of the traffic
noise as it blurred by and recalled the events that led to her getting her first
real hiding from him.

"Mike, I'm not going with you tomorrow," Mary stated somewhat forcibly. "I've
thought it over and decided it would be better for me to stay here and earn
enough money to make my own way to Carlisle and meanwhile write and find out her
situation. I am certainly capable of staying here on my own and looking after
myself. I changed my mind. I won't wreck the place or damage any of your
precious computers."

"Well you can change it back again, young lady. You agreed to go last night and
go you will." Michael spoke the words in his normal quiet way which Mary
mistakenly took as a sign he might give in.

"No, I won't. You can't make me!" Mary yelled, the pent up frustrations of being
his slave in all but name for the last week coming to the fore. "I don't want to
end up staying with that whore of yours, or with the birching bitch. I only do
it here because I'm forced to."

"You are coming with me, Mary and that's final." Still no hint of anger in his
voice. Mary hurled the nearest book to hand at him. Michael failed to duck in
time. The corner of the book, a heavy paperback text book, caught his forehead
and gouged quite a deep groove in the skin about two inches long. It bled
profusely.

Mary, her temper immediately vanishing, apologised and got a damp cloth the try
and staunch the blood flow. "Sorry Michael," Mary kept repeating, "I didn't
intend to hit you. Michael made no reply which Mary found ominous. Half an hour
later when the blood flow had more or less stopped, Mary put a large plaster
over the wound. Michael went to the bathroom, removed his blood stained shirt
and returned wearing a bathrobe and carrying two towels.

"Come here Mary," he ordered. She backed away but not quickly enough. His hand
grabbed hers and pulled her to him. Despite still being a little dizzy from the
blow, Michael quickly overpowered her and in short order she found herself laid
along the sofa with her body bent at the waist over the arm and her wrists bound
with the towels to each leg.

"No Mike, please don't hit me. I haven't recovered from Mum's bloody belting.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I've said that so many times and I mean it." Her repeated
pleas went unheeded. Michael slid himself on the sofa so she lay with her thighs
over his lap. While his left hand constrained her legs, the right would provide
the pain. It also pulled the shirt of his she was wearing, up over her back,
baring her bum.

"Be quiet Mary." The words were given with the same quiet forcefulness he always
used with her, "Be quiet and listen, you will have chance to scream later." He
paused while Mary did indeed quieten herself. "I believe your mother gave me the
belt for just such an occasion as this, however I am not going to use it this
time. I can see your arse is still brightly coloured from her use, but don't
think you are going to get away lightly. I think you will find that my hand is
quite a painful instrument and I shall use it until I think you have been
punished sufficiently to make up for your disobedience, the pain you have caused
me, the ruined shirt and the damage to the expensive text book that still lies
on the floor with its back broken. You must learn I will not tolerate this sort
of behaviour and temper tantrums such as this will always earn you a good
hiding. I had thought we beginning to live together fairly amicably but I guess
I was wrong."

"Please Mike, please.......OOOOWCH!!" The palm of the strong right hand
connected with her arse and silenced her pleas for a few moments. Thereafter
there came a steady succession of SLAAAPP!! SLAAAPP!! SLAAAPP!! SLAAAPP!!
SLAAAPP!! SLAAAPP!! sounds interspersed with yells, screams and cries from the
recipient. After about fifty smacks Michael tired and he also realised any more
would have little effect. Mary just lay there sobbing. She could not only feel
the pain but his erection prodding her stomach. Her squirming had an undesirable
effect as far as she was concerned.

Michael just held her still for several minutes until his head cleared. The
spanking movements had made it throb again but he wasn't about to let that deter
him. Feeling between her legs he noticed her juices had started to flow but her
cunt was still a little dry. "Get up on your knees Mary."

"No, please no. You surely don't intend to?...... After such a hard spanking?"

"Any time, any place, any way. That was the terms I took you in on. Now get that
arse up unless you want another dose." Mary lifted her hips but he had to help
her into position. Opening her legs as wide as the sofa allowed, Michael tongued
her slit until her juices flowed properly. Carefully he inserted his cock and
thrust slowly in before starting a gentle to and from motion. Mary winced every
time his cocked bottomed in her cunt and his loins hit her tender buttocks but
this only went on for about a dozen strokes. Worse, for her, was to come.

Seeing his cock was slick with his and her juices, Michael decided this was the
time to try anal sex with her. She was more or less helpless, tied by her wrists
to the sofa legs. Her arse was high and held in position by his body. He tongued
and then poked his cock at her brown entrance. "NNNOOOO!!" Mary screamed.

"Relax your muscles. It will go in easier." Michael replied.

"Nnnooo!! You'll split me."

"Calm down. No it won't. Relax." Michael pushed his prick steadily at her moist
puckered hole. After a few moments the head started to enter and a short while
later it was fully in. Thereafter, with the head past her sphincter muscles, his
cock slid in much easier. Not that Mary did not still find it a painful and
humiliating experience. Again Michael took his time shafting her slowly and
deliberately until lust took over and his thrusts became more forceful.
Inevitably he ejaculated forcefully into her bowels.

*****

"Service station one mile. I think we'll stop there for a pee break and lunch."
Michael's voice roused her but she didn't acknowledge him. She had been like
that ever since her spanking and anal rape. Only speaking when absolutely
required to do so and then with monosyllabic words. Mary went into the Ladies
and had to queue for a few minutes before a stall was free. Gingerly she sat
down and wondered if she should try and make her escape from there. In the end
she decided it would be better to wait until she arrived at her sister's. At
least he seemed to be keeping his word over that. She just hoped and prayed she
could stay with her but she had a gut feeling that something would go wrong like
everything else these last few days. Unfortunately for her, she was right.

They checked into a Travellodge on the outskirts of Carlisle about 4 p.m. and
bought a local map. Mary now had this spread on her lap as she tried to navigate
them to her sister's address. It turned out to be an old Victorian house
converted into flats.

"We'll have time for a quick bite to eat and then get away," Chris said to Ray
her partner. "We should get to your parents in Lincoln by 8.30 if the traffic
isn't too bad."

"I'll put the put the bags in the car while you make the tea," Ray replied "And
we'll get away as soon as we can. Never know what the weather is going to do at
this time of year especially over the Pennines."

"Ding dong! Ding dong!" "Damn, hope that's not visitors to delay us. You
expecting anyone, Chris?"

"No. Our usual friends know we're going away." Chris opened the door. "Mary? Oh
my god. Ray it's my sister." Tears were streaming from both girls eyes as they
hugged and kissed. "Come on in. Mary, this is my boyfriend Ray. You only just
caught us in," she explained as Mary eyed to suitcases. "We're invited to spend
Christmas at Ray's parents place. Who's your friend? What are you doing up here?
How have you managed to leave home?" Mary introduced Michael without making any
references to their relationship other than their mother and father had made her
leave home and become a housekeeper for him.

Over tea Mary knew she couldn't ask her sister to allow her to stay. Chris
seemed so excited at the prospect of meeting Ray's parents for the first time,
so she just said they were going to spend Christmas with a friend of Michael's
near Loch Lomond. After only an hour together, they parted again tearfully.
Throughout the meal Chris and Mary talked of old times and how each other had
faired during the intervening years but Mary never gave away her true
relationship with Michael.

"When are you travelling back?" enquired Ray.

"Boxing day," replied Michael.

"We will be back lunchtime or around two o'clock on Boxing day too. Why not stop
at the same Travellodge and come over and the girls can have a longer talk. We'd
offer you a bed but there is only one bedroom and this sitting room come kitchen
in these diddy little places. We'll afford something better soon, we hope."

Back in the Landrover, Mary sat and cried. Michael just let her and drove back
to the lodging. Still Mary sobbed although the tears were beginning to dry up.
"Mary," he said soothingly, "I know you are very disappointed and I can
understand that. It was supposed to be a joyous reunion and in a way it was, but
it turned out to be a very short one. We will stop on our way back."

"After you've turned me into a real whore," Mary spat the words.

"Calm yourself Mary." She glanced at him, saw the plaster still on his forehead
and remembered. "Come and have shower and clean yourself up a bit." They
showered together but Mary continued with cold indifference to him. She allowed
him to wash her and reciprocated but her effort was a clinical one, while he
tried to arouse some passion in her albeit without success.

In bed, both naked as usual, Mary lay with her back to him. Michael spoke
gently, "Turn over Mary"

"Is that an order Sir?" Mary asked sullenly.

"Yes, and you know you don't Sir me."

"I suppose you want to fuck, no matter how sore I am?"

"Not for the moment Mary. Neither of us are in the mood at the moment. I just
want you to lie on top of me so I can give you a cuddle." Mary did as requested.
She felt the warmth of his body against hers and the gentle rubbing of his hands
on her back did tend to soothe some of her malice away. Still she wanted hate
him.

After half an hour of just cuddling, Michael kissed her cheek. A gentle but
passionate kiss. "Mary, if you wish, I will try and find a hotel for you near to
Prude's place."

"While you fuck around with her and her friends!"

"Have you another solution? Apart from staying with me?"

Mary shook her head disconsolately. "I thought we could go back to our cottage
but then I wouldn't get to talk with Chrissie again for a long while and now I
have done it once, I really do want to see her again. Doubt if it would be much
fun to stay in this place either so it looks as if I will have to go with you. I
don't really want to be more of a whore than you've made me now."

"Mary I think perhaps you are afraid of what you don't know. Has the sex we've
had together been so bad?"

"The arse fuck was," Mary pointed out bluntly.

"Yes, I agree. I wanted to work up to that more slowly but I couldn't resist
when you were helpless. We will do it again and it will get much easier. I
promise. I am sure you will like it once you're a little more open."

"But I am not sure I want to be more open. It hurt you know. And I don't expect
to stay with you forever and you've said you've no intention of marrying me. Nor
I you, for that matter. So why go to this trouble for a few weeks?"

"Well I think it might be for more than a few weeks, unless your sister can
offer you a job and a place to stay. I do like you. I like you a lot, but I
can't say I love you or want to make you my wife but you could be a great help
to me doing my project. I know you are interested in what I am doing and when
the weather improves we'll be able to get out on the marshes much more. I had
hoped you would become as interested in sex as you know I am but that doesn't
seem so likely. If you come with me to Prude's I will try to protect you as much
as I can but probably you will have to take some part in the events there. You
will be in the middle of a sex party. You will see other men and women naked.
You almost certainly will experience other men inside you. Do you think you
could put up with that? Or do you still want to stay at a hotel nearby?"

"I really don't know Mike. I really don't. I am too confused. Living alone in a
strange hotel doesn't sound great and I have read how lone women in such
situations are preyed on, but to knowingly go to a orgy party that is more than
I can understand too."

"Mary, why not look at it this way? If it doesn't hurt, try it. Maybe you'll
enjoy it and maybe want do it again. If you don't, then avoid it next time."




Chapter 5. The lodge at Loch Lomond

In the end the hotel option wasn't open to them. The two hotels in the area that
were actually open for Christmas were all fully booked for special gatherings.
They had set off early in beautiful sunshine with frost on the fields and snow
on the hill tops. Mary had never been out of the very flat countryside of Essex
and had only seen pictures of the mountains, lakes, tarns and lochs like they
had driven through in the last few days. Now at mid afternoon with the sun low
over the mountains they arrived at a beautiful old house that had served as a
hunting lodge in a past era. It was three storeys high, had a columned entrance
and a peculiar little tower at one end. Mary thought it more of a mansion and
admired the beautiful setting on the hillside overlooking Loch Lomond and with
Ben Lomond in the distance. Michael stayed outside the house with his arms
around her for some time letting her take in the beauty of the scene and compose
herself for the meeting with her host. Only when Prude came out of the house to
greet them was the magical spell broken.

"Hi, you two lovebirds. Don't stand out in the cold," Prude greeted them.
Flinging her arms around Michael she kissed him fully on the mouth for longer
than a normal greeting. "And this must be the innocent Mary." Prude laughed an
infectious laugh and she flung her arms around Mary and kissed her long and
passionately. Mary felt a little bewildered. She had never been kissed by woman
like that before and Michael was the only man to have kissed her at all. She
could taste the woman's lips on hers and felt the tip of Prude's tongue lick
along the crease of her lips. It was a strange sensation, but not an unpleasant
one. Prude put her arm around Mary's shoulders and led them inside. "Come along
in. Mike, you can put your bags in the main bedroom," she said, "Don't stand on
ceremony. Just treat the house as your home for a few days. I'll get Sarah to
bring in some tea and cakes, I'm sure you must be thirsty after the long
journey." Feeling Mary try to pull away, she went on, "Don't be shy Mary. We're
all friends here and we will be getting to know each other really well." To
emphasise her words, Prude gave Mary another hug.

Still Mary was uncertain what to make of the young woman with the bubbly
personality. Certainly she was older than her, perhaps even older than Michael,
but she was friendly enough and not all like the sex whore she had imagined. No
bright red lipstick, no dyed blonde hair, no shiny slinky dress. Instead a
refined, well spoken, well dressed lady. Mary looked at her and wondered, "Can I
trust her? Will she really make me do things I don't want to do? Either way it
is likely to be a memorable Christmas. Good or bad."

Sarah was the cook/maid. A plump middle aged woman with a very broad Scottish
accent. Roderick, her husband served as butler and general handyman. Both had
been in Prude's service since she bought the house some three years previously.
Somehow they managed to remain aloof at Prude's parties and apparently ignored
other happenings when guests stayed. On the surface they served the meals and
wine as though it was a normal function. Only rarely were they asked to take
part or assist in the goings on. Afterwards though, the sexually stimulating
sights increased their own libido and the springs of their marital bed creaked
loudly and long. Often they discussed the relative merits of the guests, who had
the biggest cock or fullest tits or plumpest arse. Sometimes they tried the
techniques witnessed at the party and even spanked each other. Sarah more than
Roderick, would earn a little extra by servicing a lone guest and again shared
her experiences with her husband. It was always something they did with the full
knowledge of the other partner. In short, while they appeared aloof during the
proceedings, there were always some after effects.

"Mary, please sit on the settee next to me." Prude said to her guest when she
returned after showing Michael where to put their clothing and stuff. "We can
have a little chat while Mike is putting your stuff away. I gather you are very
reluctant to take part in our party." Mary nodded. "Don't be, Mary, Give it a
try. I promise I won't try and push you too far but do free yourself from some
of your inbred inhibitions. Mike tells me you're not into pain and being spanked
is a punishment not a pleasure." Again Mary nodded. "I'll try and prevent you
being spanked or caned this weekend unless you ask for it. Or Michael allows
it." she added. "Let me see what he did to you."

"You can't mean...."

"Yes, I do. Lift your skirt and drop your knickers. We are going to be seeing
each other completely naked before long and it is not going to hurt. I'm not
about to spank you. Michael might though if he hears you've been disobedient
again." Reluctantly Mary did as she was asked. "Bend over so I can get a good
look." When Mary did so, she felt soft hands caress her tender bum cheeks. "Yes,
they are very tender and a little swollen too. You must have done something very
naughty to have deserved that." She kissed each cheek. "What did you do? Throw a
book at him?"

"Did she know?" Mary thought before whispering, "Yes. That's why he has the
plaster on his forehead."

Prude laughed. "Really. I only said that. You must be either a bad tempered
bitch or you must have been very annoyed with him. Come sit back down and tell
me. It must have been quite recent by the bruise on his head and the tenderness
of your bum although you are quite small there and so he didn't have too much
area to cover. Go on tell me the gory details." Little by little Prude extracted
more or less the full story out of her and in doing so Mary let her second name
slip out. "So you think I am going to make a whore out of you, then Mary Jane?"

"That's what it seems like."

"Mary Jane, I like that so much better than plain Mary. You should use it
always."

"My mother only used it when I was in her bad books and likely to get a
thrashing."

"Mary Jane, Mary Jane," Prude repeated, "It's got a nice ring to it. Always
introduce yourself as Mary Jane in future. It will make you seem less like a
country girl."

"Perhaps I want to remain a country girl." Mary sounded defiant.

"Perhaps you do, but it won't hurt to try it. But getting back to becoming a
whore. No, that isn't it at all. So far you've only had Mike fucking you. While
he is good, you have never experienced anyone else. This weekend is a chance for
you to try others. Find out for yourself if he is the best for you. Do you enjoy
it when he fucks you, Mary Jane?"

Mary blushed bright red and only muttered, "Sometimes," before Sarah came in
with the tea closely followed by Michael.

"You two got to know each other?" Michael asked, "Been talking about me?"

"Don't let your ego run away with you Mike," Prude giggled, "Why on earth should
we want to talk about you?" Before Michael could reply she went on, "I was
saying we ought to use Mary Jane as her name whenever we introduce her. Sounds
so much more sophisticated. Trips off the tongue nicely."

"It does. Perhaps when she becomes more sophisticated. Life on the marshes is
very rural."

After the tea and cakes, Prude took them on a tour of the large house, The
'party room' was the lofty large main hall with a hammer beam roof.. At the
moment it was completely bare except for a few hard chairs around the walls.
"We'll arrange it in the morning. It won't take long. Sarah and Roderick will
help. We've more than the usual number of guests invited. Over twenty."

Dinner was a little extravagant by Mary's tastes. Grouse with a red wine. Mary
wasn't sure that she liked the rather odd heather taste but ate it and had a
second helping of vegetables. "We need to feed you up Mary Jane," Prude
remarked, "There's not too much flesh on you." After the meal they returned to
the lounge with a glass of wine and all three sat on the settee in front of the
open log fire. Prude in the middle started to massage Michael's groin through
his trousers. Mary tried to look away and ignore what was happening. She
couldn't though ignore it when Prude put her hand between Mary's legs and
started massaging her mound. Mary jumped up.

"Sit down Mary, Mary Jane," Michael ordered, "Remember what I told you. If it
doesn't hurt, try it. I am sure Prude's hand isn't hurting you but you know mine
will if you don't cooperate." Mary returned to her seat and didn't try to object
when Prude lifted her skirt and slipped her hand inside her knickers. Soon
Prude's fingers were manipulating Mary's clitoris and she was well on the way to
having an orgasm. Meanwhile, Michael had unzipped his flies and removed his cock
so Prude could massage that directly. A little pang of jealousy went through
Mary and she closed her eyes to shut out the sight, her own senses going into
overdrive by the manipulations to her clit and cunt.

"You ought to wear a kilt Michael with nothing underneath like a true Scotsman."
Prude's giggle and infectious laugh seemed to ease the situation. "For now
though, get those trousers and pants off. I want to have a good look at your
cock and balls. I need to see if they are still in good condition and make sure
Mary Jane hasn't worn them away. Have you worn them out Mary Jane?" Poor Mary
could only blush a deep shade of red. It wasn't long before Prude was kneeling
between Michael's legs, his cock deep in her mouth and was lustily sucking him
off. Mary shut her eyes again.

"Mary Jane. Yes, I so like the sound of that," Michael remarked, "Get yourself
down on the floor here where you can watch Prude and learn from her what she
does and how she does it. You might as well learn to suck a man off properly. It
doesn't hurt and gives him much pleasure and I am sure Prude is getting pleasure
too but in a different way." Prude made some comment but with her mouth full it
was difficult to understand. At first Mary tried not to watch but soon became
fascinated by the way Prude sucked and was using her tongue as well as her
fingers to stroke the shaft.

Glancing up to Michael, she saw his eyes were closed and was seemingly
enraptured by the expert fellatio. Again a twinge of jealousy came over Mary but
she rejected it. "Why should you feel anything for this man?" Her mind asked,
"You're only a toy." Guessing Michael's climax to be near her mind wondered what
Prude would do with the semen. "Will she swallow? Or spit it out? Or take her
mouth away at the last moment?" Neither proved quite correct. With a few little
groans and a jerking of his prick, Michael came and blasted the contents from
his balls into Prude's mouth. She kept her lips closed around the shaft the
whole time until Michael had spent all his seed and sat quietly.

Suddenly without any prior warning, Prude turned her head to Mary and kissed her
fully on the lips. Her hands eased Mary's jaw open and her tongue forced its way
into the surprised girl's mouth taking with it some of the sperm Michael had
deposited. Of course Mary resisted but Prude kept their lips in close contact.
Mary knew the taste of Michael's sperm from the times she had sucked his cock
after sex but somehow it seemed more obscene to take it from another woman's
mouth. Prude only laughed at her struggles and opened her mouth for Mary to see
the sperm still inside. "Relax, Mary Jane. Don't fight me. Open your mouth and
let our tongues fight. You'll enjoy it." Mary didn't believe her but when
Michael reinforced the instruction by again ordering her to comply or risk
another spanking, she hesitantly did so. Prude pushed Mary down so she was lying
on the floor. "Open wide," Prude ordered as she placed her open mouth on Mary's
and thrust her tongue inside. For a while Mary lay passively but Prude didn't
allow that for long. One hand slid inside Mary's blouse and then inside her bra
until she could manipulate the nipple with her index finger and thumb. Slowly
Mary succumbed to the stimulation and responded fervently to the woman's kisses.

"You actually enjoyed that didn't you Mary Jane?" Prude asked. Grudgingly Mary
nodded her agreement. "And I bet if I put my fingers in your cunt, it will be
wet," Prude went on, acting on her own suggestion. Mary was indeed wet. "It's
okay Mary Jane, nothing to be ashamed of. I'm just as wet as you." Taking Mary's
hand Prude put it under her skirt and on her bare shaven mound. Mary had almost
given up being surprised at this woman and her ways but was taken aback when
Prude announced, "Well Michael's had his orgasm so it is time we did too. Take
all your clothes off Mary Jane and we'll have a little fun together." Michael
had to help her but in the end she was naked and blushing from head to toe in
front of an equally naked Prude.

Prude stood proudly displaying her beautiful body, thrusting forward her firm
tits and standing with her legs slightly apart so slit of her smooth cunt could
be seen. Mary on the other hand was much smaller and wiry. Her breasts were
small and her arse more like a boys. "You've never done it with a girl have you
Mary Jane?" Prude asked with a statement and when Mary shook her head, Prude
went on, "Not even with your sister?" Again a shake of the head. "We'll try a
little sixty-nining then. Do you know what that is?" Mary had read of it and
nodded. Taking Mary's hand Prude led her to a deep pile rug and laid herself
down on it with her legs spread wide. "Your bum is still sore Mary Jane, so I'll
be on the bottom this time. You lay on top of me, with your lovely little cuntie
over my mouth and your mouth on mine."

Once more Michael had to assist and as he arranged Mary's thighs a little wider
apart he whispered in her ear, "Enjoy it Mary Jane, you liked it when I've have
done it to you and you'll need to get used to the sensation as it may happen
often at the party tomorrow."

Mary felt Prude's fingers part her cuntal lips, felt Prude's tongue lick along
her slit, felt the lips of Prude's mouth caress her labial lips, felt Prude's
teeth nibble her clit, felt Prude's nose rub her bottom hole. Mary couldn't help
but be aroused. "Come on Mary Jane, do to me what I am doing to you. It's not
all take you know, you have to give too." Tentatively Mary licked and nibbled
her partner. Never before had she even seen a woman's cunt that close too,
certainly not one bereft of hair and certainly she hadn't licked or made love to
one. Gradually as her own arousal spread and she became more confident and
familiar with her partner so she put more effort into giving pleasure to the
woman under her even though she knew this same woman could take Michael away
from her if she set her mind to it. Why should she worry about that? Wouldn't it
free her from being his love slave? Her thoughts were interrupted by her first
massive orgasm. Prude didn't stop until Mary had brought her off and had a
second orgasm herself. They were still lying there when Sarah and Roderick
entered. Sarah to collect the tea things and Roderick to make up the fire. Both
appeared unconcerned at the naked couple on the floor but it very much
embarrassed Mary.

*****

Knock, knock, knock. "Mary open the door." Michael spoke quietly through the
panelled mahogany door of the bathroom. He could hear Mary sobbing inside.

"It's okay Mike, it's an invalid lock. I'll get the key and we can open it from
this side. We've had too many guests pass out on us so I had them fitted to save
breaking the door." Prude left and returned after only a few seconds with the
square key.

Michael entered and found Mary clad in a bathrobe open at the front, sitting on
the toilet seat, head bowed, body shaking, tears streaming down her face. She
looked up, open eyed and frightened when they came in. "Mike please don't beat
me. Just let me go. I'll find my way somewhere. Don't hit me please. Release
me."

"I'm not going to hurt you Mary Jane but I am not going to release you either.
Certainly not on a cold night like this out in the wilds of Scotland." Before
she could move Michael gathered her in his arms and took her to the bedroom.
There he sat on the edge of the bed, cradling her in his arms and allowing her
to cry herself out. He realised all the emotional turmoil of the past week or so
had combined with physical tiredness from the long journey and brought on a
state of shock and depression. Memories of being thrashed by her mother and
virtually thrown out of her home, being forced to be a love slave to a stranger,
being beaten by him, finding her long lost sister only to have to leave after
only a few minutes and then coming to this grand house for what she knew was to
be an orgy. She needed comfort not condemnation. Prude decided to leave them for
the time being.

Returning half an hour later she heard them talking quietly, knocked and
entered. Mary Jane was still cuddled baby-like in his arms but her sobbing had
more or less ceased. "I think we all need a drink and perhaps a shower might not
be a bad idea." Prude remarked.

"Sounds like a good idea, but I think this one would prefer hot chocolate and I
think I would too, if you have it Prude," Michael replied.

"I haven't had that as a night cap for years," laughed Prude, her good humour
returning. "I'll join you. I'm sure Sarah can fix it. Ten minutes later when
Sarah brought in the steaming mugs of chocolate, Mary was still clinging to
Michael. He released her carefully and with Prude still bubbling on about
nothing in particular, led them to the shower room. Like the rest of the house,
it was ornate, with three shower heads and gold fittings. Prude started the
water going on two of the showers, dropped her robe and stepped under one.
Michael removed his and Mary's bathrobes and took her to the other. Showers were
a luxury not found at Stockman's House and certainly not one with a pulsating
jet like here. Mary was intrigued. It was something she hadn't heard of let
alone seen. It lightened her mood but the warmth of the massaging water made her
sleepy. Even so she would hardly let go of Michael as he dried her and himself
and carried her to the bed. All three climbed in, with Michael in the centre.
Exhaustion overcame Mary and she fell into a deep sleep. Michael too only played
with Prude for a short while before tiredness caused his eyes to close. Prude
though lay awake for some time, wondering just how Mary Jane would fit into the
planned party. Normally no one as naive as her would have been invited.
Especially to a party as big and as way out as this was planned to be.

The red figures of the digital clock proclaimed the time to be 4:37 a.m. but
Michael had to get up and go to the bathroom. In his effort to move from the
centre position in the bed he woke Mary. "I need to pee," he whispered in her
ear.

"So do I," she whispered back. Both crept into the bathroom and closed the door.
Mary peed first and when they were both finished speaking quietly so as not to
disturb Prude she said, "Mike, I'm sorry about last night. It all got a bit too
much for me."

"I know, I know. Such a change from an isolated farm, seeing no one except your
family for days on end, and then being thrust on me and all that has entailed.
Must have been traumatic for you."

"Mike? Thank you for not beating me last night ...... and for looking after me.
I don't think I could take another hiding just yet. My bum still bears the marks
of my mother's belt. Please don't let them hurt me at this party tonight."

Michael, seeing she was still very vulnerable, hugged her and said, "I'll do
what I can to protect you but you must also do what you can not to annoy the
others by refusing to do simple things, sexual things that don't actually hurt
but which you haven't yet experience of. You found Prude's ministrations last
night to be enjoyable, so you may find other things equally pleasant if only you
let yourself go and give them a try. If after the party you don't find them
agreeable, then at least you will know."

Together they walked back to bed and lay awake, Michael's hands playing with
Mary's tits. It wasn't long before he had an erection and took Mary's hand and
placed it around his shaft. Slowly to avoid disturbing Prude, Mary rubbed her
hand up and down it length, stimulating him further. Michael now concentrated on
pleasuring Mary's mound causing involuntary moans.

"For goodness sake Michael, fuck her properly. I'm awake now." Prude's voice was
a little grumpy. She switched on the light and they watched her naked bum as she
padded to the bathroom. Mary stiffly froze when Prude returned and realised
Prude wanted to watch her performance.

"It's okay, Mary Jane. You're not the first couple I've seen fuck, not by a long
way," Prude stated, "And when he's finished with you and recovered a little you
can watch him fuck me. Fair's fair. You'll get to watch plenty of fucking
tonight and you'll be watched as well."

Needing no further encouragement, Michael plunged in and was soon pounding away.
Mary though took some time before slowly and shyly she started to return his
thrusts until her womb was filled with his emission. Feeling Michael withdraw
she half expected to be made her to clean him same as at home but Prude cut in,
"I want to taste that Michael. She can have it after you've done me." Not only
did she suck Michael clean, she sucked Mary's cunt as well and in doing so
induced another orgasm.

They dozed till 7:30.

Tap, tap, tap. The bedroom door opened and Sarah appeared wheeling in a
breakfast trolley. "Thank you Sarah," Prude said, unashamedly showing her bare
breasts to the servant and, as she sat up, inadvertently revealed Mary's as
well. Sarah as usual ignored them and asked if they wanted anything else before
taking her leave.

Part way through breakfast, Prude decided to play with Mary. Taking a teaspoon
of honey she dribbled it on Mary's nipples and proceeded to suck them clean. It
aroused Mary a little but she allowed it to happen without complaint. Prude then
coated her breasts with the sticky substance and suggested her companions might
like one each. Michael willingly complied and Mary soon followed.

"Now it's your turn Michael. No prizes for guessing where I am going to dribble
the honey." Prude had a mischievous smile on her face. "It's time we brought
that sausage of yours back to life. I need it in my cunt this time." With Mary
and Prude taking turns to clean the honey off, Michael's prick soon became fully
hard. "Looks like it's ready now, have you had it like this Mary Jane?" Prude
asked. Prude lay on her back and pulled her ankles back to her ears fully
exposing both her cunt and arsehole. "This way you get to see what is happening
and he has a choice of holes." Mary watched as Michael slid into the woman's wet
cunt and began fucking at a fast pace.

"Ease up a bit Michael and put it in my other hole." Poor Mary could hardly
believe what she was seeing. Her one time experience of having a his prick up
her arse was painful and she had no real desire to repeat it. Yet here was this
woman asking to take it there. Michael of course complied with the request.
Hardly pausing in his stroke he transferred his prick to her nether hole and
with very little change in momentum, pushed fully in. Prude groaned a little and
then continued thrusting her body to meet Michael's. In only a short time,
Michael shot his load and withdrew.

"Your turn to clean up, Mary Jane," giggled Prude. A stern look from Michael
stifled any thought she had of refusing. Closing her eyes she took his cock in
her mouth and sucked it. There was only a faint taste of shit. Prude's arsehole
was much the same. More or less just the taste of Michael's spunk. On impulse,
Mary continued licking upwards until her tongue was deep into Prude's cunt.

"That's nice Mary Jane. Please bring me off." Prude kept her legs as wide apart
as she could to give Mary maximum access and having been stimulated by the arse
fuck, quickly climaxed. Michael watched and idly fingered Mary tits while her
tongue worked to give Prude her satisfaction.

"Have you tried water sports with her yet Michael?" Prude enquired.

"Not yet. Don't know if I dare to for a while at least."

"What water sports?" Mary queried, thinking of the times she had been swimming
in the sea.

"Piss sports, Mary Jane. I'd love to piss in your mouth and over your naked
body."

"You mean...? That's utterly gross. Real sodden gross! I've tasted cow piss a
few times by accident when I was in the wrong place and the cow let go and that
nearly made me sick."

"It's not so bad, Mary Jane. I've tasted it many times. It is pretty sterile you
know. I'm told Ghandi used to drink his every day and I had an Arab Sheik here
who said he kept a girl just for that purpose. When he wanted to pee, he just
clapped and the girl clamped her mouth over his cock and swallowed it all.
Michael's tasted mine and I his. Perhaps later on when we shower together again,
you'll let me taste yours and I'll give you a drop or two of mine and Michael
can do the same. It's much easier for men with their hose thing."

"Please don't let her do that Michael," Mary pleaded.

"As I said before Mary Jane, don't condemn anything until you've tried it. It is
far less painful than a hiding," Michael answered.

Mary was saved the ordeal for the immediate time being. Prude suggested they all
just had a quick wash so they could start to get the hall ready for the
evening's activities. "Some of the stuff will be dusty so we'll get dirty
anyway," Prude exclaimed. So it proved.

"Sarah and Roderick helped lay mattresses on the floor and cover them with clean
white sheets and a liberal supply of pillows. This to Mary all seemed
straightforward for an orgy. It was only when a store cupboard was opened and
various strange pieces of equipment were dragged out that Mary began to have
very severe qualms as to what might happen to her. Prude took great delight in
explaining their use. "This was a vaulting horse as used in a boys school. We
added a few straps so a person can be tied down over it ready for a thrashing or
raping or buggering. These are the frames of indoor goal posts. A person can be
strapped to them spread-eagled either the right way up or upside down ready for
whatever punishment or sexual assault we like to perform. A whipped girl is
usually left in the frame while she is fucked back and front at the same time."

"Stop it Prude," Michael yelled, "She's not ready any of that and as my slave I
shall forbid any punishment of her unless I carry it out myself. You've seen how
sore and tender her arse is already."

"She'll see it done to others though Mike. And she'll have to perform along with
all the other women to satisfy the men. Remember I provide three men for every
woman and all women should have tried a variety of cocks before they get too
old."




Chapter 6. Sarah's story

"I'll go and collect the table decorations from Betsy, shall I Miss?" Sarah
asked her employer. "Betsy said they would be finished by lunchtime and it's 2
o'clock now."

"Yes, thank you Sarah," Prude replied. Turning to Mary she suggested she might
like to go with Sarah. "You'll see a little more of scenery around Loch Lomond
and it's only about eight miles, it's just this side of Tarbet." In reality,
Prude wanted to get Mary out of the way so she could discus with Michael what
they could do with her that evening. Mary wasn't too sure about going with the
rather stony faced woman but was pressured into agreeing.

Away from the house, Sarah was surprisingly cheerful and chatty, her mask as
maid lifted and she became her normal self. At first Sarah only pointed out the
sights to Mary but then asked, "You haven't been to one of these parties before
have you?" When Mary replied "No," she went on, "I thought so and you don't seem
very keen either." Again Mary replied negatively. "And your not one of the rich
set like Michael MacFarlaine either." Again another 'no' from Mary and although
she wondered what Sarah meant by Michael being rich, Sarah had continued with
her questioning before she thought to ask. "How come you and Mr. MacFarlaine are
together then?"

"Michael is using the Stockman's House near us as a base for his Ph.D. studies.
My mother wanted me out of the house so she gave me to Michael as his live in
housekeeper on a month's trial."

"Does live in housekeeper really mean 'lover' cum sex toy?" When Mary just
blushed and didn't answer, Sarah went on, "And includes giving you a good
hiding? I couldn't help but see the state of your arse, Mary."

Mary thinking she ought to try and defend Michael replied, "Well he did give me
a spanking because I cut his forehead by throwing a book at him but that wasn't
as bad as the belting my mother gave me to force me to go to him."

"Well it's good to know you have a bit of fight in you. You may need it
tonight." Sarah paused, "So you are really only a housekeeper like me?"

"Perhaps not quite like you. In the week I lived at Stockman's House, I did cook
and clean but I was almost a wife in my other duties. To be fair Michael didn't
want me there and I didn't want to be but I had nowhere else to go."

"We're nearly there. Betsy's is just down this lane." Betsy was friendly, in her
thirties and spoke with such a broad accent, Mary found very difficult to follow
but she got the gist of the conversation with Sarah though. There were still two
decorations to finish which would take about an hour and they could wait in the
kitchen, help themselves to tea and scones and make themselves at home. Betsy
showed them the finished dried flower and heather arrangements and Mary praised
them highly. Indeed the woman was skilled at her craft.

By now Mary had begun to bond with Sarah enough to ask, "How did you get
involved with these parties and Prude?"

"Oh that's a long story, Mary, or do you prefer Mary Jane?"

"Prude and Michael have decided on Mary Jane. At home they only used both names
when I was in trouble. Use which you are happy with but I prefer plain Mary. But
tell me please how you came into this."

"At first I was in a maid in an Edinburgh hotel. The hours were long and the pay
not very good although in season I made out on tips. It was a low period when I
was asked if I would like a weekend job at a mansion a few miles out of the
city, I took it. I was dressed in a short black dress which showed most of my
legs but as miniskirts were in at the time, that didn't bother me too much. Nor
did it when a few of the men pinched my bum or felt under my skirt when I was
serving them. We got that all the time in the hotel and occasionally even then I
would earn a little extra bedding one of the guests. Everything else at the
table seemed very discreet but I did notice one couple feeling each other under
the table cloth. It was afterwards when the wine and brandy was taking effect
that things became less discreet. Couples began fondling each other and some
went away to find an empty room or a darkish corner. A middle aged man asked me
if I would come to his room for the night, hinting he would make it worth my
while so I agreed. Not long after I was invited to do maid duties at another
party at a hunting lodge. This was more openly sexual and one of the maids got
her arse publicly spanked for breaking a glass. I ended up being screwed twice
and was given a good bonus so I felt quite pleased with the weekend. Of course I
was more attractive then. A bit on the plump side but some men like that."

"You didn't mind them doing things like that to you and then getting paid for
it?" Mary asked

"Lord no. I was always hard up and I earned more in one weekend than I did in a
couple of months at the hotel. And I enjoyed myself too, not just the sex part.
Through one of the guests at the party I got a job with Lord Barracluphe. I knew
before I started the job, he used to organise small orgies and I would be
expected to assist, which I did. Again I enjoyed being there waiting on people
who had money and liked expensive things and gave me expensive presents.
Roderick joined the staff later and we got on well particularly after we had to
play a mock rape scene together at one of the orgies. Later I married him. I
stayed with Lord Barracluphe for over ten years and when he became infirm Rod
and I moved to the Farleigh's place which was further into the highlands near
Braemar. Miss Prudence was only a young girl then and we had to try and keep her
away from what happened on party nights but I am sure we didn't succeed. I
caught her in bed with one of the guests when she was only fourteen. After that
everyone seemed to turn a blind eye to her provided she didn't do it openly in
the hall with the others. That kept up until she was sixteen and on her
sixteenth birthday party she was initiated at a special orgy party. Three years
ago, her father and mother were killed in a car smash and Prudence sold the
place in the Highlands and bought the lodge at Lomond."

"Were you ever spanked at a party?" Mary still had the feeling she would again
have to bare her bottom for chastisement this evening.

"Of course I was. Not just spanked. Caned and given the tawse, that's a Scottish
version of the belt but it is split along part of its length to make it sting
more. That hurts like hell. Even had the birch."

"And you let them do it?"

"Well yes. It was either that or lose the job and I always had a bonus
afterwards. And I didn't get it everytime and when I did there wasn't much I
could do about it. Usually I was held down by several men or strapped down to a
bench or such like. Like the vaulting horse or the frame we put in the hall this
morning."

"I can't understand people beating others for pleasure. I didn't get any
pleasure from the two beatings I had last week and it is still difficult to sit
properly or at least comfortably. I think mummy and daddy may have got off on it
though by the way they rushed to screw afterwards."

"I had noticed how carefully you sat Mary," Sarah laughed and Mary blushed. "But
some people do like it or at least find it stimulates them. Some go too far, men
and women. I remember at one party there was a buxom lady, a Mrs. Rosenby, they
never used her first name and I can't remember it now. She was in her late
forties. I had just started working for Mr. Farleigh so its a good few years
back. She had asked to be given a good birching. Now the birch is a fearsome
instrument especially when used with force. I only had it once and I thought my
skin had been peeled off my arse. This woman though, had read that a prostitute
in seventeen hundred and something had been given three dozen strokes with it so
she asked Mr. Farleigh if he would organise it as a scene for her and not to
take notice of any pleas she made for mercy and afterwards to be available to
any man who wanted to take her. Even though it was said she had taken pretty
severe canings before, she really didn't have any idea of the pain the birch
caused. I'd seen her take a dozen with the cane and I heard that her husband
regularly gave her a good hiding before bedding down for the night but I
wondered if she could actually take that many. My eight was bad enough and they
weren't laid on all that hard."

"I would have thought three dozen would have killed her." Mary grimaced at the
thought.

"No, but she didn't sit for a very long while. She was also pretty broad across
the bum so there was plenty of area for the birch. Anyway they set up this scene
with a mock courtroom. One of the guests was a doctor and he publicly examined
her before they started and then she had to repeat her request for the three
dozen strokes without let up before every one present. Her voice was pretty
shaky when she spoke but it was clear enough, then she went on, "I understand
that after a birching, the women were left strapped down and the bailiff
collected a small fee from any man who wanted to use her afterwards. I likewise
wish to be left strapped down and both my holes made available to all men
present provided they give their fee, which I trust will not be a small one, to
the local cat protection league." Everyone gasped and then was silent. I
remember that well." Sarah paused recalling the scene.

"Go on Sarah. What happened?" Although the whole idea of a birching appalled
Mary, nevertheless the story intrigued her.

"After her statement she was taken out and brought back a few minutes later
dressed in rags and taken to the 'dock' where she was formally accused. She
pleaded, 'Not guilty'. Her husband gave evidence that he'd found his wife in a
back street near their home, being fucked by a rough looking man who gave her a
few coins afterwards and she had called to him "See you again next week sailor?"
The 'sailor' was then brought in and testified he had fucked her regularly for a
shilling a time. "Sometimes I hes ta wait for another to finish though," he
remarked. Mrs. Rosenby was quickly found guilty and sentenced to be birched."

"And the woman had acquiesced to all this?"

"She was shaking, I don't know whether it was fear or excitement now the
punishment was becoming an actuality but she had publicly said no one was to
take any notice of her pleas. She had said she would beg for mercy just like the
woman of old would have done but the punishment should go ahead regardless. They
stripped her torn dress off and strapped and tied her to the whipping bench so
her arse was well up and ready for the birch. I was stood near the front with a
bowl and sponge to wash her bum at intervals and clean away any remains of the
twigs. From where I was I could easily see she was sexually excited and her
cunnie was dripping. In comes the bailiff wearing a hood and a monk's type of
robe to cover his features. I never found out who actually did the whipping.
Three birches stood in a pot to one side, he selected one and swished it in the
air. Drops of brine fell on me. I was that close. The second swish landed
straight across her bum and left a livid series of fine lines. Mrs. Rosenby gave
a small cry and the called out "Oh my God." I think it was then she realised she
had bitten off more than she wanted. By then the second stroke had landed and
her cry was even more piercing. After six strokes the bailiff changed sides,
Mrs. Rosenby was now sobbing. Her bum a mass of fine welts and a few drops of
blood. I knew what her arse must have felt like and yet she had many more to
come. By the twelfth stroke her cries were becoming pathetic. I was ordered to
sponge her rear and could see clearly the welts the birch had produced. The
bailiff changed to a new birch and the second dozen were given. During the
respite I again washed her bum, hardly daring to touch it. I also washed her
face. She pleaded to her husband to stop them giving her any more but when he
was consulted he just said, "She's taken this many, I don't think she will
forgive us if she doesn't have the full amount. The account of the prostitute's
whipping does mention they had to use smelling salts to revive her several
times. So far this modern day one hasn't passed out once."

"My God how cruel a man he was. He must have wanted his wife to really suffer."
Poor Mary was nearly in tears just hearing the story.

"We heard later that the wife had been a bit of a bitch with him over the
previous week so he was sort of getting his own back by doing what she had said
to do. Ignore her pleas. So the birching went on. She did pass out after the
twenty-sixth and was revived. After that the strokes didn't seemed to be so
forceful. When the final one was laid on, Mrs. Rosenby slumped down almost
delirious. I very gently sponged her, more pouring water over the welts rather
than touching them. I too had tears in my eyes. Without being told I gave her
some juice to drink through a straw but she wasn't released until five men had
fucked her, three in her cunnie and two in her bum. Guess the cat league did all
right out of that. Afterwards she was carried in a makeshift stretcher to a
bedroom. Five days later when I happened to go in as a nurse was changing the
dressing on her bum, I saw it was still one big blister. I don't think she ever
came to one of our parties again and soon after divorced her husband."

"You don't take part in the parties now?" asked Mary.

"Not so much. Being a bit older and having lost some of my figure, I am not so
attractive to men. Even the older ones tend to want a younger bit of stuff. I do
get an extra bit of cock now and again. Rod seems to do better. Some women seem
to like to bed the butler." Their conversation was interrupted by Betsy
announcing the table decorations were ready.

Mary was quiet for much of the drive home. He mind roamed over what Sarah had
told her and what she might be expected to do that evening. Would she be beaten
again? Birched by Bella? Caned? Raped? For a while she thought of trying to
escape but where to? She couldn't get out of the car anyway. Suddenly she
remembered Sarah's earlier remark. "Is Michael really rich?" she asked, "He
isn't just a hard up student?"

Sarah glanced across at her. "You didn't know?" When Mary shook her head she
went on, "Well of course I don't know just how wealthy he is but I can say he's
worth more than what you and I and Rod will earn in our lifetimes. That's for
certain. He has a small estate in the Highlands not too far from where the
Farleigh's place was. That's how he first met Miss Prudence."

"No wonder he took offense when my mother foisted me on to him," Mary muttered.




Chapter 7. Preparations for the party

"I can't wear this!"

"It's that or nothing at all Mary Jane," Prude countered, "We could bring you in
naked as a new slave with just the collar round you neck. We could stage a mass
rape scene. That would fit in with the Roman theme."

"But it shows all my ..... to everyone." The short cotton tunic did indeed leave
her breasts bare and most of her still colourful bum exposed.

"Bra's and knickers weren't invented then and as a Roman slave girl you have to
be ready to service the soldiers. I won't be wearing much more and Mike won't
have any underwear under his toga. All the other slave girls will be dressed
like you."

"Please, Prude, can't I just be left out of this. I could stay in a room out of
the way."

"No." Michael cut in firmly. "You will take part. It may be the only chance
you'll have in your life to find if you like this kind of thing. If afterwards
you really hated it, then I will never bring you to another, least not while you
are my housekeeper."

"Your love bloody slave!" Spat out Mary.

Exasperated Michael just replied, "Whatever, Mary Jane, whatever." Both he and
Prude started dressing in their costumes. As Prude had stated, their costumes,
although covering more than Mary's were still very revealing. Prude's thin top
covered her breasts but her dark nipples showed clearly through the material and
her short skirt hardly covered her pubic mound. Michael's toga was just long
enough to conceal his cock when soft but was split up the centre so it poked
through if he became the least bit hard as it did when Prude put her arms around
his neck and rubbed her body against him.

Around seven o'clock guests started to arrive and were greeted by Roderick,
formally dressed in his butler's uniform. All were properly dressed and each
carried a small overnight bag. Roderick led them through to the lounge where
Prude and Michael welcomed them and then asked Sarah to show them to the
cloakroom that also served as a changing room where Mary was stationed. It was
her job to assist the guests, male and female to change into costumes and to
place their dress attire in wardrobe bags and hang them on clothes racks. Prude
had told her. "You won't have to do anything except help them undress and put on
their tunics and stuff. They may want to try and cop a feel or kiss you and
that's allowed but none are to spank or go any further than feel and kiss. You
will see everyone naked but don't worry about it. Ignore any erections the men
get. Just treat it as an everyday happening, like a nurse in a hospital. All the
guests except one of the women have been to these parties before and know the
rules. When some of the other slave girls arrive they may be ordered by their
owners or volunteer to assist you."

The first to arrive were an elegant couple in their thirties. "This is Claudia
and I'm Nero," the man introduced them, "And you are?"

"Petronella Sir," Mary replied as she had been instructed. Petronella had been
chosen for her as she seemed petrified and that wasn't far off the truth.
However, the couple were pleasant enough and made small conversation while they
removed their outdoor coats and handed them to Mary for hanging in a numbered
plastic garments bag. Claudia had Mary unzip her dress. She wasn't wearing a bra
and neither of them had underwear. When both were completely undressed Mary hung
the clothes bag on a rail and wrote the numbers with a felt tip marker on the
man and woman's bum cheeks. Mary noticed Claudia's mound, like Prude's was
completely shaven. She found suitable sized costumes and helped them dress.
Nero's cock had the start of an erection but Mary tried not to notice when it
protruded through his toga. It worked until she had to kneel in front of him to
wind the leather laces of his sandals around his calves. It was then right in
her face.

"Kiss it Petronella." The order came out of the blue and she didn't respond
immediately. "Your new girl. We are allowed to fondle and kiss the slaves here.
There is no restriction as to where. And in return servants or slaves have to
kiss us. All guests expect that service and the kisses are always open mouthed."

"You mean I have to..."

"You have to open your mouth, take the end of his cock in and give it just a
little suck come kiss. No making a meal of it." Claudia explained. "You will
have to do the same to me and we will return the favour." Shyly Mary did as she
was ordered and had to bend over while the couple kissed her arse and cunt.
Another couple arrived and Claudia and Nero left but not before fondling and
squeezing Mary's tits.

"Not too much there yet," Nero remarked to the new couple, "Perhaps after
they've felt the lash they'll swell up a bit." Mary's heart sank. Michael had
promised she wouldn't be beaten but did that apply to her breasts? Tears sprang
from her eyes yet again.

"You're certainly acting the part of a slave well," commented the new man as he
handed her his coat.

"I just wish it was just acting," muttered Mary much to the astonishment of the
woman. She thought everyone at these parties was a willing participant.

"I'm Veronicus," she introduced herself and added, "I'm here as a slave too."
Like most of the guests she'd romanised her actual name. Mary looked at the
girl. She was much younger than her male partner, probably early twenties and a
little on the plump side. Whereas Claudia had a tunic like Prude, Veronicus had
her ample breasts on full display and like Mary, had a collar round her neck but
hers was red. When it came to the kiss of welcome she bent down from the waste
like Mary had to earlier and pulled her bum cheeks apart. Mary gasped when she
saw the faint remains of red strips across her buttocks. "This is the proper way
for a slave to make herself available for kissing and probably for fucking later
on," she explained. "Do you wish me to stay and help her Master?" she enquired
turning to her companion.

"Yes, you had better. She seems a little confused about it all. Remember
Veronica - Veronicus, although you are a red collar that doesn't mean you can
let anyone do more that feel and kiss till later." He left them alone together.

Veronicus gave Mary a hug. "I'm not going to ask how or why you are here but if
I can help you, just ask. Your arse shows you've been punished recently so you
must know how slaves are treated."

"I wasn't willing." Mary started sobbing again. "I just want to get away." They
were alone for a few minutes.

"Sorry Petronella, I can't help you with that but I will do what I can to see
you don't have any further punishment. One thing to remember is to go with the
flow. If you are told to do something, even if you find it abhorrent, do it
otherwise you will be punished and made to do it anyway."

"Why do you come to these orgies?" Mary asked.

Mainly because I like being fucked by a variety of men and a certain amount of
pain is a great stimulus for me. It turns me on. Jeffricus, is my boss and we
often make out at work. We have a sort of master and slave relationship there,
rather than boss and secretary, and I get punished for mistakes and also I have
to entertain important clients. Again that gives variety to my sex life."

Three men entered together although they seemed to have arrived separately. Two
sported full erections when they were undressed and Mary wondered if it was her
or more probably Veronicus who had stimulated them. She was more than a little
reluctant to do the kissing routine in case they spurted their seed on her.
Veronicus had no such qualms and seemed eager to have a quick suck. Knowing she
had no real choice, Mary did the same but her kiss was brief. At a suggestion of
Peterious the men had both girls bend down side by side for their kiss. It
wasn't a problem until the last man whose name Mary forgot, put his finger up
her cunt. She jumped up as though bitten much to the laughter of the three men.
"I was only feeling," the man said, "And by God you did feel tight! I'll look
forward to opening you later." Mary started shaking and didn't calm down until
Veronicus had given her a gentle hug.

In the space of the next quarter of an hour, several more couples and single men
came in together and the two slaves were fully occupied with undressing them,
filing away their clothes and finding costumes and sandals to have much time for
conversations. After the rush in came an elderly couple who seemed to be
constantly bickering. "I hope you enjoy this John," the woman spoke testily, "I
still think it would have been better to have gone to my parents for Christmas
and not to this orgy of Prude's. And that bitch Bella better be in a good mood
or your arse will be mincemeat when we get home." Mary was dressing the woman,
Melious, and noticed her red collar had painted white in the centre, rather like
a priest's. On enquiring why the white Melious, grimaced, "It was that bastard's
idea. When I wanted to go away home for the Christmas and he refused because he
wanted to get his cock into some young cunts, I kicked him in the balls so he
changed it so Bella would be allowed to have her way with me. I got my own back
though and had him made a red collar slave which means his cock and balls are
bound with brass rings and he gets to be whipped too." Mary saw that this was
true. His scrotum above his testicles were pinched with brass bands and his
penis encased with five brass rings linked with narrow straps. Even half hard,
as he was now, the rings cut into the flesh. "Probably get his arse fucked as
well. That will be nice for you John, won't it?" Melious went on.

Last to arrive was Bella and her slave. It seemed the dislike between her and
Mary was instant. Bella had her eyebrows and nose pierced and her short bleached
hair gave her the appearance of a pugilist. Taking the slave girl's long fur
coat, which was her only piece of clothing, Mary went to hung it in a bag as she
had everyone else's and went to write the number. "She doesn't get a number! She
has no clothes of her own. It's my coat. It goes in my bag. Snotface is mine.
She does nothing unless I say so. Isn't that so Snotface?" The slave just
lowered her eyes and murmured "Yes, Mistress."

"I hope I don't get as cowed as that," thought Mary but then she noticed the
faint welts that seemed to cover the girl's body back and front. Most looked old
but six fresh stripes stood out across her backside. "Oh you poor thing," Mary
involuntarily burst out.

"She's not a poor thing, you stupid cunt." Bella exploded, "She's only a slave.
She should have done as she was told. I just hope I get a chance to warm that
skinny body of yours a little before the night's out. Gold collar or no gold
collar." With that Bella hooked a multi-stranded whip into her belt and walked
out followed a pace behind by her slave.

Sarah popped in to say everyone was here and they should take their places in
the dining room. The long table was set but there seemed no special places
except that Prude and Michael were at the head as Centurion and Wife and
alongside them Claudia and her partner, who wasn't the man she'd come with,
acted the part of a high ranking Roman officer. Mary knew there were twenty-four
guests because she had numbered their bums plus her and Michael and Prude. Two
'soldiers' one of whom she recognised as Jeffricus, picked Mary up, carried her
to the table and sat either side of her. Other female slaves were being likewise
taken which still left a number of the men without women and these seemed to
congregate at the far end of the table. Among these she noticed John, the male
slave looking most unhappy.

"I can't remember your name," the soldier on her left started the conversation,
"I'm Nigelum."

"Petronella."

"Greeting Petronella. It's nice to see a pair of nice young firm tits for a
change. Too often the ones on show are beginning to sag." Blushing furiously,
Mary tried to move away but just in time she remembered Claudia's advice and
stared unseeingly ahead.

"Yes, they are nice," Jeffricus agreed as he hefted her right breast and gently
squeezed the underside. Nigelum followed suit with the other.

"Please don't," Mary pleaded quietly, "It's so embarrassing in front of all
these people." It was then that she noticed most of the other ladies had their
tits moving by unseen hands from under their bodices. There seemed to be a rule
that everything was okay provided it didn't happen in the open above the table.
Mary's embarrassment was further compounded when two different hands prised her
thighs apart and began fingering her cunt, fingers that knew what they were
doing and were quickly arousing her. It was nearly too much for Mary. Tears came
to her eyes and she started shaking again. She looked around to see if there was
anyway to escape but there was none. Her eyes caught Michael's and his stare was
enough to keep her looking almost straight ahead, heedless of what was going on
around her.

All this ceased when the food was brought in. Sarah had managed to get two local
girls to help and they were dressed in proper maid's uniforms, albeit rather
shorter than was normal. Both girls had been briefed as to what to expect but
even so their eyes boggled at the sight of people around the table. A sharp word
from Sarah and they got on with the serving, trying to pretend nothing was
abnormal. Both managed to endure the obligatory touching and bum pinching with
good humour. All through the meal, Mary tried to think of ways to escape. She
didn't want to be beaten. She didn't want to be raped. "All this because of my
bloody mother and sodding Michael," she muttered to herself. A half formed plan
entered her head.

At the end of the meal, after the brandy had been served, Prude stood and
greeted all her guests and explained the few ground rules for the play time. She
went on, "When we adjourn to the main hall where the equipment for the evening
is set out, we shall go back in time some two thousand years. The illustrious
centurion Michaelvellius has returned to his wife after a successful campaign
and has invited some of his soldiers to sample the slaves they have captured.
The soldiers are free to sample any and all of the slaves, if they have enough
stamina." There was some laughter at this statement. "None of the slaves are
allowed to refuse. Any lack of cooperation or insubordination will be punished
by hand spanking, the strap or the cane. Any soldier may do this to any slave
with a red collar. In addition we have Bella here who has a perchance to inflict
more severe punishments. She is here in the capacity of disciplinary officer but
unless requested by the slave's owner, must not discipline any slave other than
her own or Melious whose owner has already given that consent. One other
exception is Petronella, who is the centurion's personal slave, may only be
punished by himself. However she is available for sampling by all the soldiers.
It is wise for all the slaves to remember that refusal to perform any duty
requested will result in as much punishment as is necessary until they perform
it."




Chapter 8. Escape

"I've got to get away," Mary thought to herself, "But how? Where? Too cold to
run outside in this outfit. Snotface's coat?" Somehow she hated herself for
calling the girl that but she'd not been given any other name. At least the coat
would be warm and plenty big enough for her. The plan half thought of while she
picked at her food, began to look more promising. As they left the table, Mary
decided it was now or never. Spilling some pepper into her hand she sniffed and
sneezed with all the force she could muster. AAGHCHEW!! AAGHCHEW!! Pause
AAGHCHEW!! Tears ran from her eyes as some of the pepper got to them. "Got to
get a tissue," she said to Jeffricus and slipped away.

Fortunately for her, Bella had grabbed Melious and was dragging her screaming to
the hall, cheered on by some of the soldiers. The diversion created just the
opportunity Mary needed. Slipping into the cloakroom and donning the slave's fur
coat, she moved quickly to the front door, opened it and went outside. Even in
the coat it was bitterly cold. Her mind bombarded itself with thoughts on what
to do. "I'll have to hide inside. I'd die from cold out here. I can't go far in
these cardboard sandals." Immediately to the left of the main door was a smaller
one, locked but with the key still in the keyhole. Mary opened it and peered
into the darkness. Stairs led up. "I'll see where they lead. On narrow stairs I
may be able to hold out for a while."

Closing the door, on impulse she opened it again, removed the key and, after
fumbling for some minutes to find the inside hole, locked the door behind her.
In almost complete darkness she crawled up the stairs not knowing where they
went or if there was some other way to where she was going. "Shouldn't have left
the main door open. I can feel the draft blowing under the stairs door," her
thoughts told her. "These stairs aren't used often. I can feel and smell the
dust." After feeling every step before moving up and climbing what seemed an
abnormal number, Mary came to another door. Feeling her way upwards till her
hands found the latch she raised it slowly. The door creaked slightly as
sheopened it gradually, listening for any untoward sounds. Faint light broke the
gloom. Still listening intently and hearing only the sounds from the hall,
seemingly far away, she went through and found herself in a narrow passageway
with stone arches, a passageway that ran along the length of the main hall close
to the ceiling. "I bet this goes to that turret thing on the end of the house.
They could imprison me there like the 'Girl in the Tower' book." Light reflected
back from the hall below gave a low level of illumination to the passage but now
with her eyes accustomed to the darkness, it was sufficient for Mary to see the
way. "By crawling I can keep myself out of sight below the sill of the arches.
Maybe there is somewhere I can hide if they search the passage." At the end was
a small room now used for storing unwanted items left by previous owners. The
one door to the tower was locked and this time there was no key. Amongst the
junk she found and old cricket bat. "They'll not take me without a fight. They
are not going to rape and beat me, not without injury to themselves." She found
a corner where a pillar adjoined an arch and settled down on the floor. She was
in shadow but could peer down on the scene in the hall. "They will never notice
me if I keep the hood covering my face, and I may be able to hear what they are
doing about finding me."

From below came the screams of Melious as Bella fastened her to the frame. Then
Michael's voice rose above all the others calling for silence. "Has any one seen
my slave? Petronella, Mary Jane, one of the slave girls who helped you undress
earlier." A man spoke and she caught the words tissue and cloakroom and then
some general moving around. Suddenly Bella's strident voice rose above all the
others, "The bitch has stolen my coat! I'll have her guts!" For a while there
was confusion with people milling around. Roderick came in and spoke with
Michael. Mary couldn't hear what was said but shortly afterwards Michael
announced, "Sorry folks. You carry on with the party. Seems my slave has done a
runner and either gone into the woods or is heading down the main road. I'll
have to get dressed and look for her. Enjoy yourselves."

"Perhaps it was a good thing I didn't close the main door," Mary mused.

*****

Michael cursed to himself as he took the torch from the back of the Landrover.
He couldn't drive it. Other cars completely boxed it in. Roderick was looking
around the back of the house, so Michael took the front. "She's a farm girl so
she's used to the outdoors so where would an outdoor girl go in weather as
bitterly cold as this? This wind passes right through you without pausing."
Michael asked himself. "She can't have walked far as she didn't take any shoes
and those stupid mock Roman sandals wouldn't take her far. Soles far too flimsy
and smooth to climb in the woods. Outhouses or the road?" Michael decided the
shed and what had been a stable was the most likely option and searched there.
"Mary Jane! Mary Jane! Mary Jane!" he called repeatedly. Fifteen minutes later
he again met up with Roderick. "Any sign?"

"Nothing sir. Gate to the path into the woods hasn't been opened and there are
no tracks in the muddy bit of the path. Checked the wood shed, Nothing. No sign
of her at all."

"That just leaves the main road as far as I can see. I rather doubted she would
risk hitch hiking dressed with almost nothing on under her coat but perhaps she
really was that desperate. I really shouldn't have brought her. I went too far."

"My car is out the back, we can take that and have a look between.... I can't
think which way would be best, Sir. If she did hitch she wouldn't be bothered
which way a car would be going. I can drive; you've had too much wine for this
road."

"Thanks Rod. I wonder if she headed for the place where the table decorations
were made? She seemed to get on alright with the woman, Betty was it? who made
them. She said she was a friendly soul but she could hardly understand a word
she said."

"It was Betsy, Sir. I suggest we head the other way first for about a mile and
if she isn't standing alongside the road trying to get a lift, we'll turn round
and go to Betsy's." Two hours later they returned, tired and very worried,
believing Mary had indeed been able to get a lift and was off somewhere unknown
and with a person or persons unknown. Even after knowing her for little more
than a week, Michael felt a great sense of loss and felt responsible for what
had happened. They returned to the house to find the party still in full swing
but Michael had no stomach for it now. He searched the rooms again, re-checked
the out houses and peered into every parked car, all to no avail. He was still
out there when Roderick called him.




Chapter 9. Sylvia's story

Mary settled into her corner, the cricket bat ready at her side. Peering over
the edge she saw Melious lying on a mattress, her back and buttocks now well
striped, her head between Bella's legs trying to satisfy Bella's lust. Snotface
alongside suckling Bella's breasts. Another slave was being spanked as she
sucked a soldier's cock but she seemed to be enjoying it and pushing up her bum
to receive each smack. Other girl slaves were being 'raped', some giving token
resistance.

A little later Mary watched as a middle-aged buxom woman whose slave name Mary
remembered was Sylvia because she had stated she was a Briton and wouldn't bow
to the Romans even by changing her name. "She likes it rough," her husband whose
name Mary couldn't recall had said when she undressed him, "She wants to be
really forced and punished before taking as many cocks as she can get." Now it
looked as if she was going to get her wish.

Sylvia did indeed like to be made to take it hard. Even though her husband
James, now Jamium, tried he was never man enough for her when in her monthly
cycle she found herself in need of strong sex. Bert, her big uncouth gardener
and his Boy, who was always called just Boy even though he was twenty-six years
old, were better. They didn't mess about. They were rough men with calloused
hands that treated her like the whore she really was or wanted to be. Whenever
she went into the potting shed with them she came out sore, dripping with sperm
from one or more of her holes and stripes from a bamboo cane across her arse or
elsewhere. Her last visit to the shed had been great but very painful. She
recalled the time as one soldier with a cock a little on the small side for her
liking thrust in an out of her cunt. It was a nothing kind of fuck and her mind
wandered........

The rain poured down so the two gardeners wouldn't be outside working. "They'll
be in the potting shed sitting by the little stove, idle, perhaps expecting me,"
Sylvia said to herself, "I won't disappoint them." Her assumption that they were
expecting her was correct. It had been several weeks since she had last come and
put her body at their disposal. Now they sat around the stove, smoking their
rollies, supping tea and discussing what they would do if she did turn up.
"We'll 'ave plenty of time today," Bert told Boy, "Hubby's still away and not
due back till late and 'e likes it when she all nice and tender for 'im. She's
'ad no men visitors for the last couple of days so she'll be really randy like.
There's nothing much we have to do here while this rain pisses down. We'll make
sure she'll be well fucked and sore by the time she goes back to 'er 'ouse. Yer
know 'ow 'er likes it rough, so we'll give to 'er rough. Nice to make the bitch
boss squeal."

Hardly had Sylvia put her brolly down before Bert and Boy grabbed her arms and
roughly stripped her naked. Although she had put up some resistance in no time
they'd tied her with plastic raffia spread-eagle fashion, to the dirty bench.
"Yer in for a long hard session this time, missus," Bert told her and she got
it. Boy started the session by climbing on the bench and pissing all over her.
"Give 'er a good wash Boy," Bert encouraged as he massaged the pungent liquid
over her face and body with his rough hands.

"Yeah. It's better fer 'er skin than those fancy par'foomes," Boy grinned.
Sylvia couldn't agree and would spend a long time in the bath later, trying to
remove the smell. As she lay there, warm piss spraying her white flesh
squealling and threatening the pair with the sack or worse, she tried to
understand why she gave herself to these men such a despicable way. Part of her
detested it and yet she seemed powerless to resist the urge to give herself to
them completely, whatever they might do. However much it might hurt, humiliate
and disgust her. That was the excitement that brought her to a sexual high.
Knowing she was utterly helpless and would be forced to do whatever these crude
men wanted. That was why she came to these parties.

A change of soldiers, a change of cocks interrupted her musing but only until
the rhythm started again and she could close her eyes once more.

While she was still wet Bert took a bamboo plant cane to her stomach and the
tops of her thighs. The strokes raised livid welts and had her screaming but
Bert liked it when she screamed. Before long his erection became painful.
Opening his overalls he rammed his large cock hard into her cunt. Boy, not to be
outdone, did same with her mouth. Sylvia didn't even try to spit it out. Even
when they had spent themselves they didn't leave her alone but tormented her
breasts with their teeth and flicked her nipples the tip of the cane until her
breasts were red and sore. "Yer know what Boy? Bert started, "I think these 'ere
tits of 'ers could do wi' a little nettle rub, don't you?"

Boy agreed grinning, "Yeah and that cunt mound of 'ers she shaves like a
babbies!" He put on a pair of hide gloves and dashed outside. "These'll do
nicely," he said when he returned moments later with a large bouquet of the
green weeds He shook the wet from his hair and the nettles, "They're nice and
young from the patch we cut down a week or two back. They'll have plenty of fire
in them and the stalks are still soft. Sylvia struggled and protested even
though she knew it was of no use. It only meant the raffia cut further into her
wrists and ankles. Never before had they used nettles on her. Occasionally she
had been stung by accidentally brushing against one so she knew how painful this
could be but had little perception of what it would be like to have then rubbed
into sensitive parts of her body. Boy didn't keep her long in suspense. Breaking
the bunch apart he rubbed them hard into the red tits. The stinging pain from
the leaves, together with the abrasion from the dirty hide gloves caused Sylvia
to scream and scream but her tormentors only laughed, believing it was what she
wanted. In a way she did.

Taking a fresh bunch of nettles Boy repeated his painful massage not only of her
cuntal mound but inside as well. He forced his gloved finger and nettle leaves
inside her opening. Never had Sylvia felt such pain. Caning was sharp pain, this
was torture but her pleading for it to stop went unheeded.

Bert and Boy were again hard enough for another fuck session. First though they
turned her over and re-fastened her face down on the bench. Bert put his cock to
her mouth saying, "Drinkies time." This was something Sylvia had before and
hated so she resolutely tried to keep her mouth closed. Boy brought the bamboo
plant stick down across her arse. It broke. "Get a bigger one and lay it on real
hard," Bert demanded. The one he found was over six feet long. When Sylvia saw
the fearsome stick she shook her head, no but the pair enjoyed torturing their
employer and Boy just grinned as he swung the cane in a wide arc to connect with
considerable force on her arse. Sylvia tried to scream but only hoarse cries
came out. As she opened her mouth Boy laid another deep welt across her backside
and Bert thrust his cock to the back of her throat. Taking his time, he pissed.
Some spilled out but much went down. Again, without warning he shoved his cock
in her tenderized cunt and gave her another hard fucking. "You can give her a
drink to, if you have any left," Bert said. "No, I fancy fucking her arse and
then pissing," Boy replied and when Bert had finished he did so.

Later recovering in the house, James examined the welts, applied cream and took
her in the arse himself. The nettle rashes were more difficult to treat. Water
only made them sting more and all the creams seemed ineffective. "You'd better
go easy for the next few weeks, Sylvia," he said, "We've had an invitation to a
Roman orgy at Prude's and I'll try and make sure you are well and truly serviced
there." Now he was keeping his word. As Mary watched from her hiding place,
Sylvia was dragged by the four soldiers to where Bella lay. Melious had now been
taken away and was being fucked by two soldiers, Snotface was still attending to
Bella's tits.

*****

"Will yer tickle this bitch's tits for us Bella? She being a bit reluctant
to......" the biggest of the four men asked before being interrupted by Sylvia
who seemed panic stricken that Bella was being asked to do it.

"No! No! Not her." The words came clearly through to Mary. "You can do it
yourselves, not her!"

"Shut up slave," the big man ordered gripping one of the tits, "She'll do the
job properly."

"You know if I tickle them they'll be sore for a month and I need her collar
owners permission before I can touch her," Bella stated.

"Don't you dare give her that permission James," Sylvia tried to order her
husband but he just slapped her arse and told her to shut up as well and then
gave her over to Bella. The breasts, that had been so badly tortured a month ago
were now healed and bore little sign of their previous mistreatment. The now
smooth white globes wouldn't be that way for long.

"Just the tits now Bella. We want to work on her arse with a cane but we think
the whip is better for tits." Bella got up and led the group to the frame.
Pinioning Sylvia's wrists she fastened them to the overhead frame and then
pulled her feet back a little so Sylvia's body was leaning forward at a slight
angle allowing her tits to sag clear of her body. All the time Sylvia was
pleading for them not to allow it but her husband just told Bella to get on a do
a good job. She knew that meant she had a free hand to lay the lash on as she
liked. And she would!

"You asked for some really rough treatment. Now you are going to get it from a
professional, not the gardeners," James told her just before the first stroke of
the whip laid itself across both breasts. They bounced at the impact, Sylvia
screamed. The noise attracted a crowd of onlookers who urged Bella on. As if she
actually needed it.

"Look at those jugs swing." "Give them a real tickle Bell." "Get the nipples,
Bircher." Bella, now the centre of attraction and in her element, laid the lash
on cruelly until Sylvia looked like she might pass out. At that point James
called a halt and released his wife's feet so she might stand. The big soldier
came forward and rammed his cock into her and gave her a bear hug, pressing the
tortured tits to his chest while humped his cock into her.

"Isn't anyone going to use her arsehole?" Big soldier shouted. One came forward
a obliged.

When that ordeal was over Sylvia was taken to the vaulting horse, laid face up
on it and strapped down. James went to the wall and bought back a supply of
canes. "She wanted as many men to fuck her as possible and I hope you can
fulfill her wish After you've fucked her, rate her performance and give her no
more than six strokes of the cane. Anywhere. One soldier poked her for only a
short time and then laid six across the top of her thighs. Then came a short
man. He had already thrashed one slave on the inside of her legs, now he wanted
another but this time it was her cunt that would receive his attentions. After
he had performed, he chose a very thin cane that would bend right round and
sting her arsehole as well as cutting into her cuntal lips.

The first stroke brought a tortured cry from Sylvia. Bella, who had come across
to watch, silenced that by sitting across her face and rubbing her cunt on the
victims mouth. The wicked cane swelled the flesh around Sylvia's openings so
those that followed had difficulty in entering. This pleased him.

Two more fucked and caned her but not as severely and only two strokes each.
James now wanted her turned arse up. "Wait a moment," cried Bella, " I'm nearly
there and I want to pee." Lifting herself slightly she yelled, "Get that tongue
right in there girl and when I've come keep that mouth wide open and drink." She
emphasised each word by squeezing the tits she had whipped so badly. Watched by
men and women alike, Bella ground herself on Sylvia's mouth until her climax
came. "Okay, open that mouth." Bella lifted herself an inch so the spectators
could see. At first the piss just filled Sylvia's mouth but then she had to
swallow until all had gone without too much over flowing.

"May I do that as well, please?" The voice belonged to a small slave.

"Yes, of course," James answered, "Anyone can but seeing you are a slave,
afterwards you will have to replenish your supply from me." For a moment the
girl looked shocked and then nodded her agreement.

Sylvia was almost completely out of it when she was turned face down. Several
more soldiers took her and used the cane but none too severely. James added half
a dozen of his own before having her carried to a mattress and laying alongside
her.

Things gradually quietened down after that. Most of the soldiers were exhausted
and the women very sore. Most slept or dozed on the mattresses although a few
made their way upstairs to find an empty room. Roderick came in and covered the
sleepers with blankets. Apart from a few whispered comments, all was quiet. Mary
crouched in her dark corner but could not sleep. "How can anyone in their right
mind come to a party and allow herself to be whipped like Sylvia did? Or get
beaten like Snotface and Melious?" she asked herself time and time again without
coming to any satisfactory conclusion.




Chapter 10. Caught

"ARRTISHEWWW!!" It wasn't the first time Mary had sneezed because of the dust
but before it was always concealed by the noise from below. This time she had
only partly been able to suppress it. Roderick looked up. Mary peered down. He
seemed to be the only one who noticed and he knew where the noise came from
although it had been summer time when he was last up there.

Without disturbing the others he went to the door and found it locked. Squinting
in the hole he could see the end of the key. "Not a good move young lady," he
muttered. Sliding a newspaper under the door he poked the key through until it
dropped on to the paper and he pulled it back under. "Good job these old doors
don't fit too well," he said as he quietly opened the door and torch in hand
ascended the staircase.

Mary jumped when she heard and saw the door at the end of the passage open.
Grabbing the cricket bat, she moved to a position where she hoped to defend
herself if it became necessary.

"Mary. Mary Jane, it's me. Roderick. I'm not going to hurt you."

"Leave me be Roderick, please. I don't want Michael or the others to find me. I
don't want to be beaten and raped like that lot down there."

Slowly Roderick approached the frightened girl. "Put the bat down Mary. I
promise I will not hurt you." He stopped when he was some ten feet from Mary and
leaned against the wall. "I don't think Michael will either. He's been going
sick out of his mind looking for you. He's outside still, hoping against hope
you are all right."

"I can't believe you Rod. He brought me here knowing what it would be like and
knowing how much I would hate it."

"I'm sure he didn't realise Miss. Please put the bat down and I will take you
down to the kitchen which is sort of out of bounds for the guests. Sarah will be
there if she hasn't gone to bed."

"You had better be true to your word, Roderick. I want to trust you. Perhaps you
and Sarah are the only ones I can trust now. You're working people like me."
Mary put the bat down and followed Roderick back down the stairs. Few on the
hall floor heard the whispering. One that did was Bella.

"Stay in the kitchen, Mary. I must find Michael and stop him looking further.
Sorry Sarah does seem to have gone to bed. It's been a long day for us." Mary
sat on a chair and waited with some trepidation for Roderick to return with
Michael. She wondered what he would do to her. If he tried to thrash her again
she would fight with all her strength. If he harmed her she could go to the
police and they could break up this crowd of perverts. The door opened and in
strolled Bella, whip poised ready for use. Snotface followed bleary eyed, a few
paces behind.

"So bitch you sort to steal my fur coat. That's a crime I can punish you for and
by fuck I will. Give me the coat, thief!" Mary not wanting to anger her further
slipped the coat from her shoulders, laid in on a chair and backed away. She
shivered. The Roman slavegirl dress did little to keep her warm in the cooling
kitchen. "You little shit. It's filthy. It's ruined. It will cost a fortune to
clean. You shitted it all up." Dust flew from the coat when Bella picked up and
allowed it to drop back on the chair.

I'm sorry..." Her apology was cut short as Bella cracked the whip across her
chest. Livid stripes appeared across the exposed tops of her breasts. Having
seen what she had done with the whip to Sylvia, Mary's anger flared and she flew
like a demon into the attack. Her right fist went deep into Bella's stomach,
winding her. Mary might have been small but work on the farm meant having to
carry heavy bales, sacks of fertiliser or buckets of feed. Her arm muscles were
well developed and her fists hard. Before Bella had time to recover, a right
hook closed her left eye. Another punch to the face, this time with her left
fist, broke Bella's nose and sent blood streaming down her face. Sensing
victory, Mary forgot about Snotface until she felt her arms wrapping themselves
around her. Mary's temper got the better of her. She wasn't going to give in now
without putting up a real fight.

"Aaaagghh!!" howled Snotface as Mary's teeth bit deeply in her arm. Momentarily
her grip was released but before Mary could get away she moved her arm lower,
out the range of her teeth.

"Hold her Snotface. Bring her to the hall where I can deal with this piece of
shit before bloody Michael gets back in. Quickly girl." Bella tried to wipe the
blood from her face as she barked orders to her slave.

The disturbance had roused a few of the guests. More awoke when Mary was
carried, screaming, struggling and kicking to the hall. Some were secretly
pleased that Bella had been on the receiving end for once but a few of the men
just thought it was all good fun and a continuance of the evening. "String her
up by her ankles," Bella ordered two of the men she knew would love to see a
young girl whipped. One immediately suffered a kick to the crotch which left min
writhing in agony but another soldier took his place.

"Keep her ankles wide apart." Bella ordered. Still screaming and calling for
Michael and Roderick to save her, Mary hung and swung helplessly upside down
from the frame.

"You can't whip her Bella. She's a gold collar," someone shouted. Others
murmured their disagreement to what was happening. They knew Mary was not one of
them. She wasn't a willing participant. She could cause trouble. Bella had no
such worries.

"She's a thief and she attacked me. You can see for yourself what she did. I can
and will thrash the shit out of her."

"SWISH WHAAP" Bella wasted no time in landing the first powerful blow across
Mary's arse followed by a backhander across her front. Another to her arse sent
her screaming and swinging forwards ready for the return backhander. Mary had
never known such pain. Bella angrily put all her force behind the blows. Even
with one eye closed the blows were deft and accurate. For a few moments Bella
waited for the swing to die down and readied herself to whip the exposed Vee of
the girl's crotch. It never landed. One of the slaves ran head down and charged
Bella in the stomach, knocking her backwards to the floor. It was Melious. She
hated the woman. Hated her for the whipping she had been given earlier. Hated
her arrogance. This poor kid she knew wasn't really part of the scene and could
upset it for everyone. Almost mindlessly she'd charged. Bella still bleeding
from the nose and half blind didn't even see her coming. For the second time her
breath was knocked from her body. Melious snatched the whip from her hand.

"This is a slave's revolt," Melious cried out.

At that moment Michael entered and witnessed Melious's actions. Rushing to Mary
he yelled, "That's enough, everyone. Party is over." Cradling Mary in his arms
while others released her feet he looked into her weeping sobbing face, and with
tears running down his own face, kept repeating, "Sorry Mary Jane, I'm so sorry.
I didn't intend you to get hurt. That's why you were my personal slave." Turning
to the group around Bella he said, "Someone give that bitch a taste of her own
medicine." Melious grinned as she held the whip. Despite the horrendous pain,
Mary began to feel safe and lay unmoving in Michael's strong arms.

Claudia accompanied Michael to Prude's bedroom. The bed was occupied by Prude
and three other men. Prude's eyes opened. "You found her then. Try the bedroom
above this. Go up the stairs at the end."

"I'll show you Sir," Roderick and Claudia followed. Carefully they removed what
little clothing Mary had on and laid her, still sobbing, on her side.

"Have you any burn cream or similar in the house Roderick, please. Any sleeping
pills? I used to be a nurse." Claudia asked

"We have a variety of creams Miss which we stock for these occasions. We put a
supply in a first aid box in the hall and always one guest is instructed where
it is. No doubt others will be wanting them soon. We keep a reserve supply in
the kitchen so I'll get those. I think Sarah has a few sleeping pills left from
when she had a bout of depression. I'll see what I can find. Should I run a cool
bath for her? This room is en suite."

"Good idea, Roderick. Thanks but I'll do the bath while you get the other
stuff." Michael meanwhile kept talking gently to Mary, trying to give what
little comfort he could. It was not really sufficient. He lifted her in the bath
and supported her in a kneeling position while Claudia bathed the welts on her
breasts, arse and stomach.

Roderick returned. "I found these creams Miss, and painkillers and I brought a
sleeping pill."

Claudia looked at them, "Well it has to be either the painkillers or the
sleeping pill not both. I think we'll give her a few hours sleep."

"I'm glad you said that Miss. Shows you had some training as a nurse. Had to go
to the hall for the creams. Don't think Miss Bella will be wanting to use a whip
for a while. Miss Melanie went mad and had to be pulled off and what with the
damage Mary Jane did to her face, she's in a right mess. Even Miss Julie isn't
speaking to her. She is being looked after though."

"What did Mary Jane do to her?" Michael enquired. It was the first he'd heard of
it although he had noticed the blood on Bella's face.

"According to Miss Julie who was there, when Miss Bella struck her with the whip
in the kitchen where I thought she should have been safe, she went berserk and
punched her in the stomach, then landed a blow to her eye and another to her
nose. She'll have a black eye by morning and her nose is broken. Miss Julie said
to tell you Miss Mary Jane, that she is very sorry for holding you so you
couldn't get away from her."

Eventually they got Mary back into bed and sleeping fitfully. Claudia lay at her
back and Michael in front supporting the bedclothes. It was 4 a.m. "Merry
Christmas," whispered Claudia before she too fell asleep.

Five hours later, Mary became restless and woke, waking her bed partners also.
Her body seemed on fire and she needed to pee. They helped her out and gave her
another cool bath. Mary was still angry. "This is your fault Mike. I tried to
tell you I didn't want to come but you insisted. I hate you!

"Merry Christmas, Mary Jane." In her anger and soreness she had forgotten the
day. "Yes, I know dear. I'm sorry. Really sorry," Michael went on, "I know it
was my fault although other events conspired as well. Your sister going away and
the hotels being full didn't help, but I really did think you might have liked
the sex. I did try and protect you but you ran away." Despite trying to hold
them back Michael's eyes flowed with tears, "Mary, dear, I thought I had lost
you. I walked and we drove miles hoping against hope you'd be behind the next
bush, in the next shed, around the next corner. As the hours went by I lost all
hope. I didn't want to lose you. You have become part of my life."

"Yeah, so much a part of it, you were prepared to let me be raped by any number
of other men."

"I'm sorry Mary Jane. I was wrong. I did think you would learn to enjoy it."

"Stop bickering you two. Give her a kiss Michael and then find her clothes and
mine. Mine are in Bag 2," Claudia said turning her arse to him so he could see
the number. It was crossed by a number of strap marks but nothing too severe,
she was after all the wife of a high ranking officer. Michael did kiss her but
there was little response. He left. Claudia showered and talked to Mary. "Don't
be too hard on him," she said, "He misjudged you but I know he cares for you and
what he said about being in despair at not finding you last night is true. The
open front door fooled them all. I have never seen a man so distraught. He
really does like you. Whether it is love or not, is too early to say but give
him a chance."

"People are moving about downstairs. Sarah is putting out a buffet breakfast.
Others are still on the mattresses or applying cream to their sore places."
Michael informed them when he returned. "Prude was being screwed again when I
went in for your clothes. She was really upset that you had been whipped. Like
me she never intended that to happen. Bella is being looked after by two men. I
doubt if she will move from here today. One of them seems to have some medical
know how and has put her nose back but she's not a happy bunny. Melanie is
pretty welted too but her husband will take her home in the Jaguar. That's quite
a comfortable car to ride in but I doubt her husband will find the drive
pleasant!" Michael gave a little laugh. "His arse is pretty sore and his cock is
still ringed as Melanie conveniently forgot to bring the key. You escaped
lightly Claudia."

"Yes, Prude's choice of officer for me was great. He serviced me well but I did
enjoy some good fucks from other soldiers. Sorry Mary Jane. Some of us do enjoy
having more than our husband's prick inside us."




Chapter 11. Homeward bound

"I brought you a robe Mary Jane, I thought you might like to wear that today.
It's loose and not rough on the inside."

"You're taking me away from this place today, Michael MacFarlaine. I am not
spending another night here. If you can't take me then I will have to get a
train or bus."

"Mary, you're so sore and the seats in the Landrover are not the most
comfortable. It would be better for you to recover a bit first. There's no
busses or trains running today anyway. Your sister won't be home and....."
Claudia left them arguing, and went to find her husband.

Mary couldn't have worn a bra is she had wanted to, nor a pair of knickers. She
settled for an oversized shirt of Michael's, a zip-up cardigan and a pleated
skirt. "Would you like me to bring some breakfast up for you?" Michael asked.

"No, I will go down and eat with the others. I assume the stupid Romans game is
over?"

Michael nodded. "It's the morning after the night before. Most of the women are
sore and men are suffering hangovers and exhaustion."

They called at Prude's as they went by. The men had gone but Julie was there in
tears. She looked at Mary and apologised for her action in helping Bella. "I
just felt I had to be loyal to my mistress and you hurt her so badly. Then when
I saw her trying to get her revenge I knew it was all wrong. You acted only to
save yourself from being whipped, she just wanted to see you suffer like she's
made me suffer for a year or more." Turning to Prude she went on, "Please help
me. I've no money of my own, no clothes of my own and no place to live. Bella
wouldn't have me back now even if I wanted to go."

Michael stepped forward and pulled a card from his wallet. "If Prude will let
you stay here until work starts again in the New Year and will assist you with
clothing and stuff, contact these people and refer them to me, for giving you a
maid's job. It will be live in so no problem of where to live, but it will be a
month before you get paid."

"Oh, I expect I can find some massaging jobs for her here Mike and may even pay
her for them!" Prude was back in her happy bubbly form. Mary Jane glowered. How
could he just find a job for the woman she knew as Snotface until this morning?
A paid job when she was having to work for free! It didn't help her mood. Nor
did it help when Prude insisted on seeing the result of Bella's whipping and
only remarked that Bella would never be allowed at her parties again.

Soon after midday, they were on the road. Traffic was very quiet and they were
able to speed along. By the time the Travellodge at Carlisle was reached Mary
was extremely sore and had begun to regret moving on. "Shall we stop here or go
on?" Michael asked.

"Stop please."

"I guess you're very sore and I don't suppose the extra pillow under you helped
that much." Once settled in, she allowed him to bathe her again and apply more
cream. He whole arse area bore signs of chafing on top of the welts. The front
too where the belt of her skirt went round, was also inflamed. Luckily the
stripes on her breasts were fading. The whip hadn't caught them with the full
force used on her bum and belly. Only a limited service at the service station
but they were able to get a burger. Not exactly a Christmas dinner but they had
to eat.

Back at the lodge Mary went to the toilet and on returning to the bedroom found
a wrapped parcel on the table. She was surprised and embarrassed. She hadn't
expected a present and hadn't bought him anything, not that she had any money.
On opening it she found a large colourful book on birds. It was so beautiful she
didn't want to take it. "Michael it's a lovely book, but I can't take it. I
haven't got anything for you." Tears for the umpteenth time began to dribble
from her eyes.

"It's yours Mary Jane, treat it as a text book for your work with me."

"Who said I was going to stay long enough to use it. In the past two weeks I've
had nothing but pain, pain from my family, pain from you and pain from your
friends. Why on earth should I want to stay?"

"It will get better, believe me. I won't ever put you in that situation again. I
promise. We'll get back to the relationship we had earlier once we get home.
That wasn't so bad for you, was it? Not until you threw the book anyway."

Mary wouldn't admit it. "I was only a sex slave for you. A hole for you to put
your cock in. A maid to cook your meals. Do you call that a relationship. Sex,
anytime, anyway, you said."

"Sex is a very important part of any relationship Mary Jane. Don't tell me you
didn't enjoy some of the things we did. Don't let what happened at Prude's put
you off. The anytime anyway gave you an excuse to try things you wouldn't have
otherwise done. We can work it out again. Trust me."

"Why on earth should I trust you after what happened yesterday, today? How can I
trust you when you don't have any trust in me. You keep your life a complete
secret from me. You pretend you are a poor student but in reality you own an
estate somewhere in Scotland. You may well he fabulously rich for all I know and
yet you want me free for a month and are then going to pay me minimum wage. You
expect me to trust you?"

"Mary Jane..."

"There you go again, calling me by that double name I hate. The one my mother
uses when I'm in for a hiding. The one your rich friends seemed to favour
because it sounded upper class. I'm a farm girl Mike, not one of those idle
promiscuous dolls." Mary seemed to want to get it all off her chest.

"Mary, I didn't know. I assumed you liked it."

"Call me Mary or EmJay if you want, like my school friends did when I went to
school."

Mary, EmJay, yes I am quite a wealthy man but I also have a passion for wild
life conservation and the year's project on the Dengie marshes is something I
want to do and am committed to do. I will treat it as a full time job. I don't
need the Ph.D. to further my career but I want to get it. I want to know what
lives on and off the seashore, in the reed beds, crawls in the grass, swims in
the ditches, and I would like you to be there helping me find out. Will you at
least say you'll stay with me for a while and if we can make love, then that
will be a bonus. However, if at the end of the month you agreed on, you don't
wish to stay with me any more, I will do my utmost to find you a place to stay
or work, just as I did Julie. Or I will drive you to your sisters if that is
what you want. Will you do that for me EmJay? Stay with me for the next two
weeks and let us try to work things out? I don't want to lose you. Last night
was the most horrific of my life."

Mary just nodded and then muttered, "Mine too." Michael wiped her tears away and
gently cuddled her. Once again she felt safe although her mind said she had no
real reason to do so.

Later in bed when she felt his hardness and knew he couldn't or wouldn't touch
her for fear of hurting her welts further, Mary took his prick in her hands and
massaged it slowly until she could see the pleasure in his eyes. Lowering
herself under the sheets, she gave him her first full blow job. He hadn't had
any sex for the whole of the party so it wasn't long before she tasted his seed.

"Mike?" Mary started and then paused. "For the next few weeks I will give you a
second chance. I will stay as your housekeeper and live as we did for the first
few days but you have to promise no more thrashings. I also want to be able to
phone my sister tomorrow and perhaps at the end of the month, perhaps we can
arrange to meet her again. After that I will decide whether or not to live with
you on at least a semi-permanent basis. Whether this happens or doesn't will
depend on your behaviour. I am willing to go along with some of your sexual
ideas. I don't mind being a love toy and learning to please you sexually, if I
am treated with love. I don't want to be a slave. No more threatening with the
belt and definitely no using it. Understand?"

"EmJay, I understand and agree. If you want we can stay here for another night
and wait for your sister to arrive home. If not you can certainly phone her and
if you are willing to stay for the month, if you want I will use my influence to
get you a job as I did with Julie. However, once we get started on the project,
I hope you will stay and help me complete it. What I feel for you may be love,
but it is too early to say. I just know how much of a loss I felt when I thought
you had gone. A loss I've never felt with any other girl."

Mary crawled up the bed and gently laid herself on top of him. She felt some
pain as her stomach laid on his and the blankets rubbed her bottom but she
ignored it. Her lips touched his and for the first time she inaugurated the
kiss. A kiss with fire and passion .... and love.



Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





