BDSM Library - Cole's Dark Obsession




Cole's Dark Obsession
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Hannah helps Cole explore the darker side of his desires.
Cole's Dark Obsession


In complete silence, he crept into the room. He moved behind her body, admiring
its form as it hung in the wooden frame so alluringly.  He hefted the largest of
his leather whips and drew back, letting it lick her flesh as she cried out. The
long red split in her delicate ivory skin delighted him. Her feet shuffled
slightly as she tried to maintain her stance, the 3-foot spreader bar firmly
keeping her feet in place.

He stepped around her slender body. His fingers quickly found her hardened
nipples and gave them a brutal twist. She cried out again in agony as he tugged
at the little pink nubs. He watches her breasts stretch into deformity as he
pulls back hard on her nipples before releasing them. He reached into his pocket
and pulled out a set of alligator clamps. The sharp metal teeth gleamed as he
squeezed one open, placing it on her nipple and watching her face contort in
pain.

With a sharp twist, her voice lilted again in exquisite misery. He attached the
other as another loud whimper escaped her trembling pink lips. Each jerk of her
body cut off her air slightly as the chain pulled tighter around her neck. His
voice was gruff as he whispered into her ear " Tonight, my dear little slut, you
will experience new heights of pleasure and pain."

The razor sharp teeth made small incisions into her fleshy teat as he twisted
both again. He disappeared from her consciousness again as her body stood tense
in anticipation of what was to come. Again, the left clamp was twisted violently
forcing a scream to penetrate the silence. In an instant, he forced a small red
ball into her mouth securely. Releasing the clamp, He stepped behind her, moved
her hair slightly so it was still accessible to grip and fastened the leather
straps behind her head.

He again reached for the whip, letting it kiss her smooth flesh and leave its
biting streaks across her back. She flinched as little as she could, the chain
slightly tightening each time she moved. The soft flicker of candlelight
illuminated her body so beautifully as small trickles of blood leaked from the
tapestry of thin slashes. He paced in front of her giving her breasts and
stomach a few licks of the leather whip, leaving them with the same crimson
lacerations.

Cole then walked to large bench at the edge of the room, laying down the whip
and stopping for a moment to turn and look at her, deciding what he would use
next on her. He selected a small remote controlled silver bullet vibrator with
harness to hold it firmly to her clit and returned to her. He began to fasten
the straps to her thighs as he placed the toy against her clit and clicked the
remote on low. Hannah gasped loudly around the ball gag as she felt the soft
vibrations hum through her body.  He moved behind her and began to unfasten the
shackles from her wrists, letting her arms fall to her sides.

He slowly lifted the silver loop of the chain around her neck, releasing it from
the hook it hung by. She let out a soft sigh of relief. Without a word, he
forced her to shuffle forward toward the cold steel table that stood in front of
the full-length mirror.  Her hands gripped the edge as she teetered, trying to
remain on her feet. The stilettos made her movement even more awkward. With a
swift shove and a loud thud, she landed against the table. A single tear
streamed down her cheek from under the blindfold as the clamps bit harder into
her chest.

He laughed softly as he walked to her left side and took her frail wrist in his
hand.  The metal shackle clanged shut around it as he locked her in place. His
hand crashed down against her exposed ass cheeks, leaving a reddened imprint
where it landed. He then walked to the other side of the table repeating the
process. He reached down and clicked the lever to unlock the shackles from their
stationary position for readjustment.  Cole then slid the bar beneath the table
forward as he watched her body lower awkwardly onto the table.

He crouched behind Hannah and unhooked the spreader bar from between her ankles,
positioning each on the outside of the table leg and securely fastening the
cuffs to them. The tops of her thighs rested against the table's cold steel
edge, as did her upper body. The frigid metal served to make her nipples ache
even further. Tiny droplets of blood marred the table's immaculate appearance as
the clamps tore further into her nipples.

Cole removed the blindfold from her and tossed it aside. It took several moments
for her eyes to readjust as she blinked. She squinted as she tried to focus on
the mirror a few feet in front of her. Staring into its reflective skin, she saw
him completely naked and standing directly behind her. His body looming over her
fragile confined form. His piercingly dark eyes stared back at her from the
mirror as he ran his hand across his baldhead. An evil smile possessed his lips
as he held up the remote for her to see. He clicked its setting up a notch,
watching her body tremble as the vibrations rippled through her.

Without warning he, plunged two fingers deep inside her dripping little slit and
watched them sink in. The warm wetness surrounded them as he began to piston
them in and out of her juicy cunt. Hannah squirmed, causing the sharp metal
teeth to shred her flesh. Cole pulled his fingers out of her slowly and
inspected the glistening liquid that coated them. He brought the fingers up
under his nose and inhaled her delicate bouquet for a moment. His smile
broadened.

He smeared the thin fluid on her cheek then walked back over to the bench once
again. This time he returned with a large black candle, a spray bottle full of
water, a very large knife and a riding crop. He laid the crop, the knife, bottle
next to her on the table, and held the candle up for her to see. The scent of
leather wafted on the air as he brought it closer to her.  Her eyes widened as
she saw the reflection of the candle as it tipped, sending hot wax splashing
down on her bare flesh. He poured several pools of wax onto her unsuspecting
flesh and watched each harden slowly. Each searing caress of the wax brought
forth a small whimper from around the ball gag.

He sat the candle down on the table and reached for the blade. The sharp edge of
the steel shined in the room's hypnotic light. He placed the keen-edged blade
against her flesh and slowly began to peel the thin layers of wax off. She
closed her eyes as the soft sound of the metal scraping against her skin filled
her ears. She trembled slightly with excitement as the blade continued to move
across her skin. A gratified smile stayed plastered to his lips as he looked at
the slightly red splotches from the heated wax.

He laid the knife down next to her body and picked up the spray bottle. She was
curious as to what his plans were. He began to spray the icy cold water over her
warm flesh and watching as she squirmed. Her skin glistened with the thin
coating of wetness. He continued until he had thoroughly wet down her body,
washing away most of the dried blood, before setting the bottle aside and
lifting the crop. He drew back and let it land across her back. A thin red welt
promptly appeared where the leather landed.

 She let out a soft murmur around the gag as her body tensed. He continued to
heavily lash her back, leaving a new design of crimson lines that meshed with
the prior ones. Her back began to bleed again as some of the strikes tore her
skin open again. His cock began to ache as he watched the beautiful intricacy of
the pattern unfold upon her flesh. He knew it would not be long before he had to
be inside her.

Each slice into her back from the crop brought forth another sound from her. He
loved the look of her body writhing in such sweet agony. He looked down at the
tender pink flesh between her thighs. Her candied juices were leaking out of her
tight little slit as the vibrator continued to purr against her swollen clit. He
brought two fingers to her wet opening and forced them deep inside as he brought
the crop down against her cheeks with all his might. Her hips tried to push back
against his hand but in her position, she could not successfully do it. He began
to work his fingers in and out swiftly, watching them disappear between her
puffy pink lips. He knew she was ready for him.

He laid the crop down next to her naked quivering body. He pulled his fingers
from her cunt and gently stroked her marred flesh, smearing the bloody streaks
across her back and cheeks. He slowly traced down her body, lifting his fingers
when they reached the bottom of her cheeks. The smooth warm tip of his cock
pressed against her delicate lips as he began to rub it up and down her juicy
slit. She tried in vain to push back against him once again. He began to enter
her painstakingly slow, allowing less than an inch inside her at a time.

Gradually he filled her sloppy wet orifice with his thick shaft. He let out a
drawn out moan as he eased inside her completely. Her velvety folds hugged his
rigid muscle like a glove. He began to thrust in to her harder and deeper as she
let out stifled moans with each deep penetrating stroke. He buried his cock deep
inside her as he reached forward to unbuckle the gag. She let it fall to the
table as she let out a shrill cry. He began to hammer her unmercifully as his
pace quickened. He watched her face contort from the pain in the mirror as he
pinned her down harder, causing more pressure on the clamps that bit into her
nipples.

His fingers quickly found the large ring on her collar and hooked it over his
pointer finger. She lifted her head as he began to tug on the chain, forcing it
to tighten around her throat. Her eyes widened as her airway was constricted by
the action. She swallowed hard as she gulped down as much air as she could. Her
head began to swim as he continued to pull back on her collar. His thrusts
became more brutal as he watched her reactions in the mirror. He could feel her
body weakening as he withheld her breath.

He turned the control on the vibe to the highest setting. It sent shockwaves of
pleasure through her convulsing body as she screamed with all that she had in
her. Her pussy began to spasm uncontrollably around his swollen dick as her
delectable essence washed over his tool. He began to pump harder into her as the
head slammed into her cervix, causing her to twitch with the painful abuse. He
could hear the metal clamps scraping against the table with each forward lunge.

Her eyes closed as she struggled to breathe further. Her body thrashed as it
fought to keep conscious, but it was all slipping away too quickly. Suddenly she
sunk into the blackness as her body fell limp against the table. He continued
his assault on her lifeless body for several minutes as he watched it flop like
a rag doll. His raging hard on needed more but he was determined to carry out
his fantasy.

He unshackled her comatose form and cradled her in his arms as he carried her
across the room to the bondage swing. He quickly secured her legs and arms in
place and took a step back to admire her body. She looked so helpless hanging
there with her legs spread so widely and her head dropped back. He walked to the
bench, retrieved a single clothespin, and walked back to her. Her body twitched
still as the silver bullet continued to torture her throbbing clit. He aptly
attached the clothespin in attempt to her nose to cut off any airflow that way.

Her mouth opened slowly as she began to breathe in slow breaths. His fingers
entangled in her hair as he pulled her head forward toward his hardened shaft,
allowing the tip to rub over her cold pink lips. He watched her body slowly
regain color as she was allowed to breathe again. He forced himself into her
mouth and began to bob her head as his slick shaft slipped into her throat. Her
mouth was open enough that she could still suck in tiny gasps of air between
thrusts. He watched as her eyes groggily opened once more. He stuffed his cock
further down her mouth as he watched the barely conscious girl labor to breathe.

Her eyes widened dramatically as he continued to assail her throat. His swollen
shaft blocked her air as she once again submitted to a tremendous orgasm from
the continual teasing of her clit. The ecstasy surged through her like an
electrical current as she shook uncontrollably. He held her head still as he
felt his balls tighten. It was growing harder and harder for him to hold out. He
pulled his cock from her lips and watched as she choked down a deep breath. He
panted softly as he looked down at her with such an evil gaze. He knew tonight
he would push her further. He wasted no time in catching his breath and
continuing with his plans.

He reached down and brutally twisted the alligator clamp as hard as he could.
She cried out sharply as it ripped her skin further. His cock once again plunged
into her mouth, restricting her breathing once again. The amount of breath she
drew barely could keep her lively. Her body undulated as the orgasmic stirrings
inside her overrode her abilities to fight. He began to fuck her open mouth as
hard as he could his loud groans filled the room.

"That's it suck it baby. Suck it nice and hard. I love how you swallow around
me," he moaned in almost a chuckle.

Her battle for air continued until she stared up at him blankly. Her body no
longer moved on it's own in the intricate leather swing. A large puddle formed
under her as her fluids gushed out of her onto the floor. He began to breathe
harder as her exanimate body remained unresponsive to his violation. His balls
obscenely slapped against her chin as he continued to pound his throbbing shaft
into her. With a loud wail, he unleashed thick torrents of cum down her throat,
as he pulled tighter on her hair. Her nose was nestled against his smooth pelvic
area as he let his pulsing cock empty its load.

He held her there until his cock deflated in her mouth. He slowly slipped it
out, letting it dangle in front of her face as he stared down lovingly at her
and removed the clothespin from her nose. He let her abused body rest for a few
moments while he regained his composure. The vibe still hummed away against her. 
As he released her from the restraints and scooped up her body tenderly, he
gazed at the fading welts that covered her.

He carried her back to the table and laid her down upon her shredded back. He
once again parted her legs widely and restrained them out of habit. Her
motionless body lay there spread out before him now, ready for whatever tortures
he had planned. He lowered his head toward her still moist cunt and dragged his
tongue over the lips very slowly. Her sweetness gathered on his tongue as he
drew in her scent and flavor. The tip of his tongue delved inside as he began to
scoop out her remaining juices like a hungry dog.

His urges still raced through his head as he pulled back to examine her further.
His thick fingers began to probe her once more as he shoved three inside her
brutally hard. Still her body did not stir at all, as he began to saw his
fingers in and out of her pussy. He could feel her muscles give way as he
stretched her abused hole enough to fit a forth finger inside. His cock began to
swell slowly once again.

He stared at her face as he worked his fingers deeper, spreading them as far as
he could in attempts to ready her for what he wanted to do next. He loosened her
up a little more before he began to force his entire hand inside her cunt with
morbid lust. He leaned forward over he body as he used his free hand to release
the clamp on her right nipple. The bloody streaks still clung to her fleshy
mound. He licked his lips as he looked at what the sharp teeth did to her tender
little nub. He could not resist any further and took her nipple into his mouth.
He suckled like a starved baby as his fist continued to push up further inside
her.

He could taste the slight metallic tang of blood as his tongue lapped furiously
at her flesh. He moaned loudly with it still locked between his lips. His body
was in urgent need of another orgasm as his most macabre fantasy played out that
moment. He stood erect again and stared down at her pussy as it seemed to
swallow his hand hungrily. He continued for a few more minutes as he listened to
the soft wet sucking noise it made with each insertion.

He finally pulled his hand free and admired the wetness that coated it. He
promptly smeared the slick liquid over his aching cock as he watched her for any
signs of movement. Tonight he would enter that forbidden hole with such
disregard like he had always craved. He pressed the glossy wet tip of his cock
against her puckered entrance and began to push just enough to lodge the head
inside her. He stopped for a moment to watch her face, knowing her expression
would not change.

With a single thrust, he then buried himself balls deep inside her without
remorse. He could feel the tight ring of muscles rip as he plunged inside
rapidly with all his might. Her breasts bounced with the force of each thrust as
her body was jolted forward on the table. He grabbed her hips, letting his
fingers dig into her flesh as he pulled her listless body into each thrust.
Guttural grunts left his body each time his hips collided with hers.

His cock swelled inside her until it felt like it would burst any second. The
warm tight hole held him so firmly as he punched his throbbing rod deep as he
could. Sweat beaded on his forehead as he gritted his teeth, trying to hold out
longer. It was becoming unbearable as her body so willingly accepted him now.
With a deep growl, he let loose inside her, flooding her bowels with his warm
milky seed. He continued to pummel her ass with the animalistic blows until he
had drained himself inside her. 

He felt her movement as another orgasm ripped through her body. He held himself
deep inside her as she rode out the waves of orgasmic pleasure. The intensity of
it forcing her to react stronger than ever as she let the facade drop, instantly
snapping her back to reality. Gently he slid his flaccid shaft out of her
leaking hole and stood back just staring at her. He reached up and gently
caressed her face as he looked into her eyes. Her body covered with a thin sheen
of sweat as she drew in deep cleansing breaths.

"My god Hannah that was incredible. You play dead so convincingly" he said
soothingly. "I love you so much my dear."

"I love you too Cole. You were right though. That got me so incredibly hot we
have to do it again" she replied.

The rest of the night Cole nursed her wounds and held his beloved close. He had
never imagined he would ever find such a treasure to share his deep dark lusts
with and now he knew that she was his true soul mate.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  NightmarePrincess


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





