BDSM Library - Here Kitty-kitty




Here Kitty-kitty
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The tale of a rather special cat burglar and her not-so-innocent prey!
HERE KITTY-KITTY...

by slave ruthie

Gray or blue - blue or...GRAY!  Sasha snipped through the wire and listened
carefully for the telltale click that the alarm had warned of a security breach. 
Nothing!  Whispering a prayer of thanks to whoever was the patron saint of cat
burglars, she replaced the pliers in her duffel bag and pulled the dark,
form-fitting hood of her catsuit over her face.  Dressed from head to toe in
black spandex, Sasha felt incredibly sexy and excited.  It wasn't just the
adrenalin rush of breaking into their house, it wasn't the fact she was naked
under the clingy catsuit - it was because she was turned on by the risk of being
caught!  But she was good at her work and meticulous in her planning.  They had
even invited her to stay in their home, not suspecting the applicant for the
P.A.'s job was casing their property!

The window was easy.  No sounds - good, they must be asleep or hard at it in
their bedroom!  Sasha grinned as she recalled how Fiona had come on at her, even
suggesting she share the couple's bed.  Ohh, she'd been sorely tempted - Fiona
was a very pretty woman with a stunning figure like herself.  And George was
sooo attractive...but she made it a rule never to mix business with pleasure so
had spent a sleepless, frustrating night listening through the wall to her
victims' energetic sex-play.  Sasha had fingered herself as they gasped and
moaned in abandon and had wished she were with them.

As she roamed through the quiet house, Sasha caught a glimpse of herself in a
full-length mirror - she knew she looked great and couldn't resist posing,
running her hands over her spandex-encased breasts and belly.  She took care of
her figure, working out to ensure her curvy but athletic frame was in peak
condition.  And it certainly worked, as far as men were concerned.  With her
stunning looks, long flame-red hair and piercing hazel eyes she could stop all
conversation by just walking across a crowded bar.  Her current outfit would
have driven the guys wild!  God, how she'd trembled with excited arousal that
first time she wore the slinky catsuit in the motel room...  And driving her
hired car with the tight suit hidden underneath ordinary clothes had been
incredibly horny.  Hey - control yourself girl!  You're here to do a job, not to
get laid!  She'd stripped down to the suit in the car and softly made her way in
the dark to the rear of the house, startling a neighbor's tabby by her own
cat-like form and behavior...

Here was the door.  The safe holding the collection HAD to be in there - she'd
checked everywhere else in the house.  The lock was more complicated than she
first thought but not impossible to pick...THERE!  Sasha quietly slipped in and
softly shut it before switching on the torch.  She didn't see the tiny red light
that flashed outside the door...

OH MY GOD!  What IS this room?  Sasha struggled with a torrent of feelings -
fear, excitement, and deep arousal - as her torch played on a scene like
something out of the Spanish Inquisition!  She slid the duffel bag off her
shoulder and found the light switch.  The bare-walled room was like a cross
between a gym and a cell - there were chains, whips and handcuffs hanging from
hooks.  One complete wall was mirrored, just like a dance gym but the ceiling
reflected back her image too - whoever had designed this room intended to have a
full view of what happened!  Her spandex-clad fingers trembled as they trailed
along the top of a pair of wooden stocks.  There was a kind of X-shaped cross on
a stand and something like a large padded stool with metal rings attached.  Then
she saw the dildoes...dozens of assorted colors, shapes and textures - all
pointing upwards in order on a cabinet.  She opened one of the drawers and
gasped at the collection of gags and strange rubber gadgets.  The tiny camera
hidden in a corner of the ceiling turned to follow her explorations.  But Sasha
was too distracted to notice.  She felt hot and damp between her thighs.  Ohhh
God - I've NEVER seen anything so horny in my life!  There was a strange wooden
trestle in one corner with a broad, padded edge that seemed to attract her.  It
stood below a winch and had two deep threaded holes about halfway along the
ridge.  Surely it wasn't...OHH FUCK!  Sasha gasped as she noticed an assortment
of vicious-looking dildoes on a nearby shelf.  They had long bolts protruding
from their bases!  Sasha nearly ran, nearly abandoned the burglary altogether
but her eyes kept being drawn to all the wicked, exciting items in the couple's
playroom.  If I'm really quiet...but this was CRAZY!  I might get CAUGHT...b-but
I feel so goddam HORNY!

She slipped off her black ballet pumps, peeled herself out of the catsuit, and
touched herself below.  JEEZ - I'm SOPPING!  She picked up one of the dildoes
and rubbed the tip against...

"Ooooh look, George - a stray!  Can I play with it?"  Sasha dropped the dildo
and whirled around in alarm.  Fiona was standing in the doorway, dressed in
black latex thigh boots, gloves and open-breasted playsuit!  Her husband,
George, stood naked behind her!  He had a huge erection and was holding a
multi-stranded whip!

"Naughty pussy, straying into people's houses - what a bad lil' cat!"  But he
didn't look angry - he looked puzzled and delighted!

Ohhh shit! "Uhh I c-can explain..." But she couldn't explain and she realized
they knew it too.  "Look, I just umm..." 

Mercifully, Fiona burst into laughter and hugged her husband.  "Ohh darling,
this is going to be our best wedding anniversary EVER!"  She beamed at Sasha and
reached to take her hand.  "And you played the straight-laced P.A. so perfectly
dear!"

What the fuck - she actually thinks this was STAGED?  Sasha grinned ruefully and
shrugged her shoulders.  "Umm, yeah - though it was pretty hard when you invited
me to share your bed."  (Well, at least THAT bit was true.)  She avoided
George's bemused, penetrating stare and picked up the fallen vibrator. 
"So...now you've umm 'caught' me, watcha gonna DO with me?"  She put her arms
round Fiona's shoulders and kissed her full on the mouth.  After the first
awkward moment, Sasha realized she didn't need to play-act - her feelings were
for real! 

She felt her ponytail being firmly pulled back.  "Fiona, you know you never
cease to amaze me!  This is exactly right!" Sasha relaxed a bit more and
suppressed a giggle.  So HE thinks SHE set this up too?!  Somebody up there
definitely WAS looking after her.  "Naughty little pussy has to be punished,
doesn't she?" She relaxed into his arms and let him slip the cuffs on her
wrists.  If she had to go along with them, she might as well enjoy it.  A firm
hand reached for her breast and squeezed her nipple so hard, she gasped in pain. 
At that very moment, his other hand forced a ring gag between her lips,
thoroughly silencing any further explanation of events on her part.  She let
herself be marched over to the padded stool and bent forward as he pushed her
head down.  Moments later, her neck was secured in a thick, leather collar which
he chained to a ring on the floor so she couldn't stand up.  Fiona was putting
more cuffs on her ankles - there could be no escape now!  And she had to admit
to herself she was hornier than she had ever been in her life. 

"What game shall we play with kitty, darling?"  Sasha could hear a drawer being
opened.  She tried to turn but Fiona was standing directly behind her.  "Ooh -
you're a very wet little pussy aren't you?"  Fiona was giggling as she began to
push something narrow and pointy into Sasha's cunt.  She relaxed a little - the
dildo wasn't too big.  But Fiona had pulled it back out and was pushing it...

"Uuuuuuhhhhh!"  Sasha squirmed in shock as the hard tip slid past her
unsuspecting anus and began to penetrate her ass!  Ohh my God!  Th-that's
uhhhhh...  She had dreamed of this - being helpless and used in her tight little
bud - and now her submissive fantasies were coming true!  Fiona was pushing
harder, making Sasha mew as her ass was distended even wider.  Then it seemed as
if the dildo had suddenly shrunk.  Sasha felt strangely filled inside - a kind
of heaviness but surprisingly comfortable despite the size.  There was a buzzing
noise and tingling spread outwards between her butt cheeks.  Sasha bit down on
the ring gag in shocked surprise.

"Just a little butt plug to warm you up, dear.  Don't worry - the batteries will
last for ages!"  Fiona gently massaged her quivering buttocks and thighs then
came round to the front.  Sasha's eyes widened in response.  "Ohh darling hon -
help me with this will you?  I can never get the straps tight enough on my own." 
The straps in question  were part of an elaborate dildo harness that fitted
around Fiona's waist and between her legs!  She had already unzipped the base of
her playsuit and was moistening the two (TWO!) dildoes on the inside of the
crotch strap.  Sasha could only watch as Fiona carefully penetrated her own ass
and cunt, panting with excitement as her husband pulled the buckles as tightly
as possible.  "Uhh that's soooo nice darling!  Now...what do you think - the
smooth or the studded?"

George moved behind Sasha and peeled her cunt lips apart.  "Ohh yeah -
definitely the studded one!  And make it the biggest, darlin'!"  Sasha mewed in
response - Fiona had taken a broad, rough-surfaced dildo from the shelf and was
securing it just above her crotch.  Surely she didn't mean to...she DID!!! 
Fiona had turned on the motor.  Sasha groaned as the whirring dildo trembled at
the front of Fiona's groin.  She was going behind her - she felt Fiona's cool
hand on the small of her back.  She felt the tingling point of the dildo nudge
between her swollen labia as it...as it...UUUUUUHHHHHHHH!

As Fiona rammed the whole length of the dildo into her vagina, George pulled up
Sasha's ponytail and guided his stiffened glans inside her ring gag!  "Does lil'
kitty want some cream?"  Ohh God!  She could barely contain the growing orgasm
that threatened to envelop her senses - they were BOTH fucking her and it felt
so GOOD!  She started to lick and suck eagerly at his shaft, grateful that they
were both thrusting together so she didn't lose her mind.  As if from a huge
distance, she could hear Fiona's growing cries of abandon and George's urgent
grunting.  Sasha convulsed without warning as the first climax slammed through
her senses.  It hit again...again...ohh God!  AGAIN!  George erupted in her
mouth and forced her down while he spurted into the back of her throat. 
Somewhere behind her shuddering body, Fiona screamed in ecstasy as she climaxed
and rammed the huge dildo deeper into Sasha's quivering cunt.  Sasha didn't want
it to stop - this was totally crazy!  She had NEVER felt like this - sex had
never been THIS good and she wanted MORE...

...And her wish was granted.  Sasha barely had time to recover before she was
being led across the room in chains to be fastened to the diagonal cross.  They
had replaced the ring gag with a rubber ball on straps and left the vibrating
butt plug in her quivering body.  Now she could only just touch the floor with
her feet with her hands stretched out above her head.  Fiona grinned and
fingered her while George pulled her left foot to the side and locked her ankle
cuff to the leg of the cross.  When her right foot was pulled sideways, she
couldn't even brush the floor with the tips of her toes!  She gasped as her
whole weight painfully stretched her arms and chest while her feet writhed
hopelessly in mid-air.    George smiled and unbuckled the thick, leather strap
around her neck, replacing it with a slim, silvery collar.  It was a very snug
fit around her throat.  There was a soft 'click' behind her head then he stood
back to admire the view.  "Now that's much prettier - don't you agree darlin'?" 
Fiona grinned and pushed upwards with her questing hand.  Sasha moaned in
abandon - she was going crazy with arousal!  "Fiona dear, could you soothe
kitty's breasts?"  Fiona laughed and immediately moved behind the cross,
reaching under Sasha's outstretched arms to tease and fondle her heaving chest. 
But George wasn't finished - he was carefully rolling a condom onto his stiff
member!  "Darlin', would you angle lil' kitty a bit higher?"  She felt Fiona's
latex-clad hands sliding off her chest then a soft clicking noise - the whole
cross was tilting backwards! 

Fiona's hands snaked around to cradle her breasts once more.  George moved
closer - he was guiding the tip of his cock between her legs...he began to push
HARD!  Sasha mewed as her helpless body took the full force and length of his
member in one swift thrust.  She felt detached, staring up at the reflection of
her own body responding to the couple's incredibly kinky acts.  Sasha couldn't
help it - her toes curled and she began to wail as a devastatingly powerful
climax began to surge inside her trembling belly.  With each slow, deep thrust
of George's hard shaft, the orgasm grew in strength and urgency.  Her pelvic
floor muscles tightened on the butt plug and his cock as if she was trying to
milk him.  Fiona was chuckling softly - she could sense what was happening
inside Sasha.  At the perfect moment she pinched Sasha's swollen nipples HARD. 
A howl of pain and rapture erupted past the ball gag.  Sasha's taut, glistening
body thrashed on the cross as George erupted against her cervix.  The howl
became a shriek.  "UUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!"  Nothing could
have prepared her for this - she threw her head back against Fiona's shoulder
and writhed as her whole body danced in orgasm...

Sasha woke with a deliciously sated feeling throughout her body.  She was lying
between George and Fiona in their bed.  They were still sleeping soundly. 
George had promised her a ride on the 'special horse' in the morning but she had
to leave while she could.  Regretfully, she slithered down out of the bed then
crept quietly out of their room, gathering up her stuff and padding across the
lawn before the sun could betray her.  Wow, that was SO lucky - and soooo
fuckin' GOOD!

Fiona's arm felt where Sasha had been lying.  She wanted to kiss her and thank
her for the most incredible oral sex she had ever had.  "Uhh, George dear - did
you put the cat out last night?" 

But he wasn't laughing.  He was frantically searching for something.  "My
Cartier watch!"

It was her turn to panic as she felt around her neck. "My antique necklace!"

Then both spoke together.  "Ohh my God - the ROBERTS COLLECTION!"  But it was
too late - every frame that held the precious originals was empty...

George reached for the phone to dial 911 then paused.  "We're never gonna get
the insurance if what happened comes out."  Fiona's face fell as she realized
there was nothing they could do.  She was ready to burst into tears when she saw
him pick up a tiny chain from the floor.  "But," he continued with a grin, "I
reckon our lil' stray's gonna come back soon!"  He held up the slender,
impossibly complex magnetic key to the stainless steel collar that would still
be firmly locked around Sasha's throat.  "Fiona, leave a saucer of milk at the
back door - I guess we've just gotten ourselves a pet!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slave ruthie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





