BDSM Library - Private School




Private School
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After moving to another state Bettina takes her 17 years old daughter to the best school in town. Best? For whom?
Private school



The Benson School



Ms. Anderson was upset.  The phone call from her daughter's new high school had
been rather mysterious. Since Monday, first school day,  she hadn't heard a word 
neither from her daughter, nor from the school. After waiting three days,
yesterday, she finally phoned trying to reach her daughter, but she didn't pass
secretary. She was told they would call her back. Today she got a short call
telling her that Kate was staying at school the whole weekend in order to better
adapt to the school norms, and before Bettina Anderson, a renowned lawyer, was
able to pronounce a single word, the line went dead.  Bettina then phoned  the
other mothers just to find the same pattern.



Ms. Anderson soon made her mind up, this afternoon Mr. Benson, the school
director, would hear her, personally. No secretary was going to stop her, if
necessary she would take measures to close the school. Inwardly she knew she was
overreacting, this was the best school in town. When her company had offered her
to move to the west coast doubling her salary, her only concern had been her
daughter's education. Before definitively moving , she twice took a plane,
talked with her neighbors-to-be and with her new work colleagues to get the same
answer from all of them: the Benson's School was the most expensive, but by far
the best. Her soon-to-be neighbors Mr. and Ms Shake encouraged her a lot, They
were such a nice family. They introduced her to their daughters Christy and
Alisa, two pretty teenagers and to their son Greg. Vicky Shake, a lovely woman,
explained that not only her kids were at the school but also she and her husband
were ex-students. It was then when she decided to pay a visit to the school.



Mr. Benson  himself  had shown the whole school, the dorms, the kitchen to them
and other new comers and all of them ceremoniously drunk the school's welcome
tea. They talked for hours. When driving home she and Kate were sure it was the
best option, even they would only meet on weekends.

But now, the first weekend, Kate was not coming, and worse she hadn't heard a
single word from Kate since Monday. Perhaps she was ill, or worse ...pregnant or
even worse...



Bettina was now 36 years old and with her 135 pounds perfectly distributed over
her 5 feet 6 inch body she was an impressive woman. Bettina dressed in one of
her favorite suits. With a Wool-Lycra composition it was gray, with light blue
stripes. The trousers adapted perfectly to her well build body, showing, more
than hiding, her feminine forms. Her 17 year old daughter Kate had inherit her
body but not her hair color. Kate was blonde like her father and not brunette.



"Ms. Anderson" she announced at the gate and the doors opened. Mr. Benson
himself greeted her at the front door of the school. "Ms. Anderson, please, come
in" he said in his friendly manners and started walking towards his office.
Bettina just followed him. Once more he offered her the welcome tea, than
sitting down he said: "Well, Ms. Anderson I listen to you" "Yes, thank you, it's
about Kate" started Bettina "I haven't heard nothing from her this last week and
now I've been told she has to stay the whole week-end. I would like to talk to
her" "But, of course, Ms. Anderson, just let me explain to you why we've decided
to ask Kate to stay with us this week-end" Mr. Benson did a little pause and
carried on " Kate is new to our methodology and she has got difficulties with
the ADS. So I've decided to keep her here or even at my home to reinforce her
training" Bettina wasn't understanding nothing. What did he mean with 'keep her'
and witch kind of 'training' was he meaning and most important what the hell was
the ADS. "You have to know that all your neighbors and colleagues, especially
the female, are ex-alumni of this school and that all of them still keep
faithful to the ADS, or better said we still keep them to this system......"But
what is the ADS" interrupted Bettina a little bit worried. "Ahh, the ADS" said
mysteriously Mr. Benson "You'll see, you'll see" he added and using the remote
control he shut the air conditioner off, stood up and ask her to follow him. 
Bettina felt like a lack of air as soon as he used the remote and became
respiratory problems. She had the feeling as if in the room the air was very
sparse. Slowly, with her shoulders back trying to breath, she followed Mr.
Benson listening and thinking with difficulties. He went on talking " ...  meet
the new students and  mothers who came the same as you.." when another woman
appeared in the corridor. "Ms. Anderson, this is Miss Joel, your daughter's Lesb
teacher" introduced Mr. Benson. - The 'what'- teacher- thought Bettina. Hi, nice
to meet you" came the friendly greeting from Miss Joel offering her hand, but
before the worried and air-fighting Bettina could shake it she noted this hand
feeling her cunt up. This couldn't be happening but Ms. Joel was thoroughly
fingering her slit. Confused she tried to back away from the hand when she felt
Ms. Joel's another hand squeezing her ass. " Good catch, Arthur" said Tracy Joel
to Mr. Benson heavily petting Bettina, and she added when Bettina's hands
finally started to fight back "cut her off." For Bettina the air in the room was
gone. She couldn't breath, even she saw Tracy and Arthur breathing normally, her
lungs  just burned horrible. She gasped and coughed but no air came in. She was
panicking when she heard Tracy's word's " if you open more your legs perhaps you
get more air" Even it was a stupid suggestion she tried and...yes,  some air
came in. She noted that Miss Joel had taken full advantage of the situation and
squeezed and massaged her sex and ass as much as she wanted.  Was this female
crazy ? How she dare? She verbally tried to protest but once more she felt the
lack of air. "You see, Miss Anderson,  the benefits of our system. How easily
you are accepting me fondling you,? That's why we like to keep our livestock
air-starved."

'Livestock, air-starved' the words echoed in her confused head while she was
involuntarily wetting between her legs due to Tracy's ministrations. Her brain
wasn't processing right all the information and she didn't even protest when
Tracy, in order to help her breathing, stripped her of her blouse and bra.

It was later when she walked next to Mr. Benson she realized he was openly
looking at her bare breasts. She tried to cover them but he slapped her ass
telling her to stop that action. His hand remained on her ass. Bettina was too
astonished to react. Here she was topless in her daughter's school receiving a
slap on her ass by the school director for trying to cover herself.. Slowly, as
more air came in,  the fog in her mind disappeared and now she remembered Miss
Joel's words and fondling. Arthur, who hadn't stopped fondling, squeezed her ass
just before she started her protest, and stopping in front of a big door he told
her they had arrived. This was too much. How he dare to touch her as if she were
some kind of bimbo. "Stop touchiiiiiigghh..." was all she said before the air
went out. "Ms. Anderson" started Mr. Benson in his friendly voice" you wanted to
know what the ADS is." Bettina was fighting for air but there was none. She
opened and closed her mouth and outstretched her arms in a vain attempt to get
air. Arthur enjoyed the side of this beautiful half naked woman struggling to
breath." The ADS is the Air-Depraving-System which allow us to control all the
livestock of this community." Bettina's red face clearly indicated the horrible
lack of air she was suffering, but Mr. Benson went on speaking as if nothing
happens, massaging one of her tits . "The welcome tea is a kind of drug. It
locates itself in the lung muscles and reacts to infrared light. The more
infrared it gets the less your muscles work.." Bettina fall on the floor
fighting for air and making strange noises.  The pain in her lungs was
unbearable and her head was spinning around when Arthur Benson showed her his
remote control. Suddenly same air flew in and Bettina slowly raised on her hands
and knees " You see Ms. Anderson  in our school we don't like our livestock
telling us what to do. They are to obey, so the sooner you learn this rule the
better you'll breath." He opened the door and pulling her by her hairs he
dragged Ms. Bettina Anderson, still topless on hands and knees into the room.
The room wasn't empty, much to her dismay. It was a classroom, clearly divided
into two sections. On her left side were empty chairs and desks, opposite to
them, under the blackboard, kneeling with wide spread knees, sitting on their
heels, was a group of  women in street clothes, or what was left of them.
Bettina immediately recognized some of the women as mothers she met, as school
was shown to all of  them. Mr. Benson  told her to kneel next to Marie, the
blonde woman, and in the same manner ... "if you want to breath" he added: "Now
that we are only waiting for Ms. Blair, I think we can start. First of all I
would like to familiarize you with the school obligatory uniform for livestock.
The boys, of course, are allowed to dress in street clothes. He went to the door
and pressed an intercom asking the students to come. The first to enter the room
was a happily chatting group of boys, they smiling looked at the kneeling women
and took place in front of them comfortable sitting in a chair. It was then,
when Bettina noticed the strange design of the chairs. It was as if they had
four arm rests, the first and forth of  them higher and with their own legs.
This last ones were attached to the chair as a semicircle in the front of it's
normal arm rests. After analyzing it, she concluded it was for the students to
stand while doing a lecture. This made sense with the form, closed in the front,
and the height of it, yes she decided: it was the handrail for standing
students. But it was not, it was the cuntrail for livestock as Bettina herself
soon discovered. The first female student entering the room was a shock for the
kneeling group. She wore the official and obligatory school uniform. The outfit
consisted of a dress, high heeled boots, gloves and a cap. Everything in a shiny
black material. The dress was elastic, tight and very short. It highlighted the
girl's feminine forms evidencing the lack of underwear. The gloves till the
elbow and the cap conferred her the aspect of a hot hooker. Bettina's initial
shock grew when she realized she was seeing the girl's most private parts , and
it reached unknown peaks when she discovered her beloved Kate under that
appearance.  More girls and boys entered the room, the boys noisily sitting in
the chairs and the girls humble standing in the midst of the room with bowed
head, slightly parted legs and hands behind.  Mr. Benson explained to the
horrified mothers that the boys have a fix place to sit and that then they
decide where to put the in the room remaining livestock. Closing the door
entered a small group of teachers, male and female, with bags. "Silence please,
silence" said Mr. Benson raising his voice and after waiting for the room to
become quiet he added "This school has got some rules we want you to know and
follow. One of the most basic is the uniform for livestock, we don't tolerate
not uniformed livestock on school ground" And looking direct at the afraid and
kneeling mothers he showed the remote and ironically added:  "Do you
understand?" Bettina just looked at the horrible device. This wasn't possible.
Since she arrived at this place she had been half killed and stripped, groped
and touched and now they were pretending to dress her like a fucktoy in a room
full of men. Firmly she said : "NO, fuck you" and stood up just to realize there
was no air in the room. She gasped and whimpered opening her mouth and trying to
breath in a vain effort. Horrified she looked at the sitting students to see
grinning faces, she turned to the teachers and  they too looked amused. Trying
to find support she searched her daughters eyes but she, as the rest of the
girls, was keeping her head down. The panic grew, the air was running out and
she needed to breath. Mr. Benson went close to her and said loudly: "Livestock
is to dress in uniform, deadstock can remain dressed in street clothes." Yes,
she nodded hysterically trying to say she would dress whatever they gave her but
she got no air. Frenetically she started stripping regardless of the applauding
crowd, she was soon before blackout tearing her panties away when some air came
in. Finally naked and on the floor she heavily breathed when Mr. Benson said: "I
don't like to repeat myself. We don't take orders from livestock, we give them.
Next time I let you struggle for at least five minutes...



When driving home that afternoon, still dressed in the school's outfit, she
remembered her nightmare. It had been completely and utterly humiliating.
Dressed as for taking porno-pics she had to endure heavy fondling and groping by
the students till one of them decided to 'cuntrail' her next to him. It was
Mike, a 17 year old boy, who "cuntrailed" her at his left. On his right stood
another 'cuntrailed' pretty young student. Once on the 'cuntrail', where she
tiptoed  in order not to take all the weight with her most tender flesh, she was
allowed to use her hands, but only behind. The effect was a whore-like dressed
women thrusting out her exposed and deeply cut -in sex such as asking for some
attention. During the next hours the teachers explained their programs taking
all kind of liberties with the exposed females. They were groped, pinched,
French kissed, finger fucked, etc indistinctly by male and female teachers. She
found out that for the next five years this would be her daughter's academic
life and she also learned that if she, herself, misbehaved at home, with her
neighbors or at work she would also enjoy the school facilities.

To misbehave, as explained the oral teacher whilst she was forced to blow him,
means not to obey immediately and with any reserve a given order.



If Kate had been with her perhaps she would try to escape but without her
daughter she couldn't afford trying it. So she meekly drove home not knowing
what to do. Why everybody had encouraged her to fall into the trap? And the
police, no, the police wasn't sure. But her former boss, Mr. Ralph Parker, he
was a powerful man, and she could trust him. Yes she decided she had to reach
him before Monday.

When finally she arrived home she saw the Shakes just leaving their house. She
didn't want Mr. Shake to see her in her degrading outfit and waited a moment
hiding in the car for them to leave.

"Knock, knock" it was Greg at her window. "Ms Anderson, we were just leaving to
have dinner why don't you join us?

"No, really, thank you, but I've had an horrible day. I prefer to stay at home"
answered Bettina, hoping the darkness were hiding her outfit.

"All the more you shouldn't stay alone"  replied Greg opening her car's door.
"Oh, you wear the Benson's School outfit" exclaimed the teen when the car's
inner light went on, "Come with us, Ms Anderson, it would be a pity and a bad
new for Mr. Benson to know otherwise" This was blackmail. Just and plain
blackmail. But Bettina had had enough of the school to risk another visit. "Ok,
Greg , it was Greg, wasn't it?" he just nodded. "You win, just give me five
minutes to change. "No, no, no, under no circumstances. It is like this you are
going to come with us" and taking her by the wrist he literally dragged her out
of the car. Bettina, to get out had to open her legs, an action that would show
her cunt. She did as speed as she could just to see the whole Shake family
standing next to her car and smiling.

Then she SAW the Shake family. Mr. Shake was dressed in a black suit and
burgundy shoes. He was  wearing gloves and in his right hand he hold a dog
chain. A dog chain attached to a dog collar on his wife's throat. Vicky's dress
was made out of a kind of gauze and it was absolutely transparent. Bettina could
see her breasts and then looking down she noted her lace stockings, but most of
all she noted her  shaved cunt. With her slightly parted legs Vicky even showed
her perfectly denuded lips. Her gaze were interrupted by Greg's hand on her bum"
You don't mind me touching your ass, do you? He asked, boldly squeezing it. The
situation was so surrealistic that she really didn't know how to react. There
she stood dressed as a fuck doll in front of her neighbors and being felt up.
She wasn't willing to give up at all, at least not so soon but in her head she
heard Mr. Benson's words  "..not to misbehave.." So she reluctantly answered
"No, please, Greg feel free of touching my bum when ever you want" "And not only
your ass Ms Anderson" interrupted Mr. Shake "And not only Greg. Please redo your
last sentence for us." Bettina still feeling the teen's hands now under her
skirt feeling her naked buttocks, turned red as a beet and said " Please feel
free of touching me when ever you want"

Bettina couldn't believe what she was offering herself to be toyed with. But she
was. Humiliated she drooped her eyes in shame, not to hold Mr. Shakes piercing
eyes and not to look at Vicky's, Alisa's and Christy's smiling faces. If Vicky
was dressed even it was in an transparent gauze Alisa and Christy  were naked.
The only items they wore were high heeled black boots, dog collars and handcuffs
forcing their arms behind and  tits out. "Greg, let show off our new fucktoy"
said Mr. Shake to his son whilst he run a finger through Bettina's slit.

Greg produced a two ended leash out of his pocket attached it to his sister's
collars. After checking their cunts he tucked at the leash and started walking.
Mr. Shake surrounded Bettina's waist with his left arm, his hand on her ass, and
also tucked at Vicky's chain. "So today you've visited our school ?" asked Vicky
not seeming disturbed at all that her husband was openly groping another woman's
butt.



Kate's first week



To be continued...




Kate's first week

Kate wasn't the only new girl on Monday. At nine o'clock the entire newcomer
were called to the welcome meeting. She sat in the meeting hall next to a high,
tall and blond girl called Melissa. Melissa's background was Scandinavian and
you could tell immediately by only looking at her. All the girls started to
introduce themselves to each other.

Their chatting was interrupted by Mr. Benson's entrance. "My dear newcomers"
started Arthur in his deceitful soft voice "I'm happy to see you here. First of
all let me tell you some of our rules and norms.
Cause of this rules you start one day earlier then the rest of the school.

As you know this is a mixed school and all of us know what happens whenever you
join boys and girls"
He waited a moment for the grinning and laughing to stop and went on "...and in
this school we want to avoid any broken heart. We've rules and we expect you to
obey..."

Mr. Benson went on speaking but Kate noticed the strange word he had chosen
cause it's to follow rules and not to obey them. ".. I have invited one of our
senior male students to help you understand our working procedures. Mr. William
Haddad please come in"

William walked in with the hands in his pockets, dressed in jeans and smiling.
"Hi, girls" he said and then he looked at them as if searching somebody. Finally
he pointed at Melissa " You, come here" Melissa nervously stood up, tucked at
her blouse and went next to him. " You are...?" he asked. "I'm Melissa, Melissa
Bjorn"
"Well, Melissa, you are very pretty..."
"Thank you"
"and I would like to get a better view of your tits, show them !" Williams voice
was as normal as if asking to borrow a pen, but for Melissa his words hit her as
a slap, a hard one.
"Whaat, sorry, what ...?" Her disbelieve was shared by the whole class.
"You heard me," answered William now looking angry "or perhaps you are deaf?"
"Or stupid?" "Yes, of course" Bill went on talking alone "a stupid, blonde
Bimbo, that's what you are, isn't it?"

Melissa couldn't understand why Mr. Benson was so quiet, he should stop this
silly game. But Ok, if this guy wanted to humiliate her she decided to bite
back, to show that nobody humiliates Melissa Bjorn. She angrily looked at him
and said "........"
It's quiet difficult to speak without air.
Bill looked at the remaining girls and explained: " As Mr. Benson told you, you
are here to learn... to learn to obey. It's the best way to avoid us emotional
problems."
Obviously under "us" he only referred to the boys.
Than he again faced Melissa and softly asked her: "Would you please show me your
tits?"
Melissa was frenziedly trying to breathe, red faced, flouncing and making
strange noises. Bill went on explaining the benefits of their system. The ADS,
the school-uniform, their Status as merely livestock. Utterly shocked by his
words and by Melissa's spectacle the class remained silent.

Melissa was near to blackout and death. She had been struggling for at least one
minute without air and, worse, she hadn't caught air just before. Suddenly some
air came in. She was on the floor heavily breathing, sweating and with a crazy
look in her eyes when Bill took her by the hairs and made her kneel. Then next
to her he patted her head and smiling asked her to remove not only her blouse
but also all her clothes. " I think you would look even better in the nude"
Melissa hadn't been able to listen to him before, but inwardly she knew that any
refusal would restart her torture. Slowly and deeply ashamed she started
stripping.

Mr. Benson, without paying attention to the crying and stripping girl looked at
the other girls and explained them what exactly would be their academic life. "
From now on and till the rest of your lives you are livestock, you are fucktoys,
you are what we want you to be or you are not at all." He paused a moment and
went on "I don't like to repeat myself, so listen carefully: you are here to
obey, or by now, you are here to learn to obey".
He waited a moment for the words to sink in.

Behind him Melissa was stripping off her last items trying to cover her exposed
flesh. Bill slapped her ass each time she hesitated, encouraging her to move
faster. Until today nobody had slapped her ass without getting slapped, kicked
or even reported and fined. But today Bill felt free of slapping and fondling
her and Melissa didn't even react.
Finally Melissa was stark naked. Red faced and red butted she had to stand in
front of her class with her legs slightly parted, her hands behind and the mouth
half open. In was quite a view to see this pretty, shy young woman standing
naked between two dressed men. Her blond and trimmed pubic hair hid very few of
her cunt, her neither lips were clearly visible. To worsen things whilst Mr.
Benson went on explaining, Bill started openly caressing her. First he mauled
her tits from behind, hard and exhaustively, rubbing his crotch against her
hands. Then with one hand he squeezed her tit and with the fingers of the other
one he slowly penetrated her cunt. Later he made her suck on the fucking finger
always controlling her by her tit. Melissa thought she would die of shame, but
she was to frighten to try to stop his bold advances.

Arthur was showing the official school uniform for livestock when the class
started to react. Even they could see Melissa's nightmare, emotionally they were
not prepared to accept such a fate.

Arthur was only waiting for this moment to come. He knew it would, it always
does.  He produced his remote and with a gentle sliding movement he reached all
the rebelling girls. The level of noise decreased immediately. Then he ringed a
bell for more male students to come in and "help" the girls. Melissa still stood
there suffering Bill's hands, still fingering her cunt.  When the other boys
entered the classroom they passed Melissa squeezing or slapping her exposed tits
or even finger fucking her a little before choosing one of the asphyxiating
girls as their private fucktoy for that night.

The rest of the afternoon the boys started training their new dolls. The girls
suffered all kind of indignities. They were stripped, fondled, kissed, spanked
and exhibited. They were made to kiss and fondle each other, taught to kiss back
and even to ask for spankings, they were half suffocated and prepared for their
first night.

The girls were dressed in the standard uniform for livestock. The outfit
consisted of a dress, high-heeled boots, gloves till the elbow and a cap,
everything in a shiny black material. The dress was elastic, tight and very
short. It highlighted the feminine forms evidencing the lack of underwear. Then
each boy pinned a leash to his doll's tongue and made her follow him. Kate was
following Frank.  He had made her strip before conceding her any air, than he
had forced her to adopt a kneeling position with wide spread knees to teach her,
her first lesson. Kate had always shown enormous strength of will, but Frank
just told her not to be stubborn and permit him finger her slit; something she
did after twice 50 sec. without air. Before clipping her tongue he even managed
her to ask him to pull her nipple or to pinch her clit.

When Kate thought her humiliation had reached its utmost limits she was made to
trot in the most degrading outfit of her life and tongue-leashed through her new
school. When they passed other students or a group of teachers they greeted
Frank and thoroughly fondled her, she was petted and discussed as if she were
Frank's new dog.

Miss Bjorn was not even allowed to dress at all. She had to stay naked and Bill
trained her to ask every boy they met to squeeze her tits. At the end of the day
Melissa's tits were twice their normal size and red as a beet. Finally she got
her tongue leash and followed Bill to his night quarters.

Each senior boy had his own bedroom. The other boys slept in dormitories.
Livestock was held in cages.
And each senior could have up to three cages in his room. The rest of the cages,
full or empty, were stored in the cellar. The cages had an adjustable opening at
the top and another one at the bottom. Once in the cage the girl squatted down
and had to stick her head out of the upper opening, which then was adjusted to
her neck. Her feet were locked and her knees spread and fixed to the sides of
the cage, the hands cuffed behind. The funny thing was that you could pile up a
lot of them and each girl had to remain there with her face buried into another
girl's cunt and her own cunt on a girl's face.

Tuesday

The new boys were sitting in their classroom waiting for the director to hold
his speech. Only the newcomers from outside the town had been called. They were
nervous and excited but they had no idea how exciting this year would be.

Mr. Benson entered the class and immediately the noise decreased. "Hi, boys. I'm
not going to hold a long speech. I would like just to welcome you and show you a
little but interesting item."
He produced a remote. "I hope you know what it is, but I bet one against a
million you do not know what for". He stopped talking and looked at the boys.
The whispering increased and someone shouted 'for the conditioner', he denied
with the head, other voices said 'for the room door', 'for the bathroom' and so
on, till one joked saying "for the teacher'. "Bravo" said Mr. Benson "Please
come here and introduce yourself"

Andy was afraid he had overdone things and went crestfallen to the front. Mr.
Benson gave him one remote and Andy was surprised to read his name on it: Andy
Thompson.
"But how the ..., holy shit, how did you know I...?  stammered Andy.
Mr. Benson just smiled, then he informed Andy and the class that each of them
were getting a remote, and facing Andy again he asked: "For the teachers, Ok,
but what for".
Andy didn't know what to answer and just stood there, looking at and testing the
new item.

After more or less 30 sec. Arthur opened the class door and asked Kate to come
in. The noise increased considerably with some whistling and catcalls. Kate
dressed in her school uniform was ashamed of meeting her classmates looking like
a hooker.
"Well Andy this is Kate, she is new too." said Mr. Benson "Her first day was
yesterday, and she learned that all the chicks have to dress like she is now and
she learned also ..."
Arthur instead of finishing his sentences went to Kate, gave her a slap on the
ass, what aroused some comments, and asked her: "Tell us, what else did you
learn yesterday?"

Kate knew she had to answer, and she knew too, that after her answer these nice
boys were to become monsters. At least for her. None of them would be her
boyfriend and she would not be considered as a girlfriend but more as a toy or a
sperm deposit.

"I learned I'm livestock" started Kate with a broken voice "and I learned not to
say 'no' if a boy asks, err, orders - she corrected herself- something"
"Mr. Thompson, what would you like to order Kate to do?" asked Mr. Benson in a
friendly manner.
Andy a little bit awkward answered he would love to kiss her, to touch her,
to..."
"To strip her, " shouted another student "and to f..."
"I get an idea" interrupted Mr. Benson 'Why don't you tell her?"

Kate was made to kiss Andy, and then Mr. Benson insisted him to fondle her and
to lift her skirt to show her most private parts to the rest of her classmates.
"And now, Miss Anderson, you are going to sit on my table, spread your legs and
masturbate for the whole class to see" The order was deliberated. He wanted not
to show off Kate but what's the remote for. Kate couldn't do that. It was
impossible. How a seventeen old girl could ever masturbate in front of a class
full of boys, full of her classmates, without dying on the spot." She started
crying and just moved her head from side to side.

Mr. Benson went over to Andy and without taking the remote out of his hands he
pointed at Kate and pressed the red button. The effect was immediate. Kate
stopped sniffing. Even she knew it was going to happen, it shocked her. She
couldn't breathe. It took only 20 sec. to get Kate frigging herself in front of
everybody. The class was bewildered. Andy learned how to use the remote and with
him the whole class.
Mr. Benson explained the rest of the procedures to the boys reclined on his
table and slowly finger fucking a hardly breathing Kate.

At nine in the morning the rest of the classmates came in. You could easily
distinguish between outsiders and natives. Even they were all dressed the in the
same way, livestock in uniform, the boys more casual, the attitude denoted their
feelings.   For instance when a boy squeezed Melissa's tit you could see the way
she shrieked that she was new or when another one told Carol to carry his pen
sticking it into her cunt, that he was used to that kind of norms.

When at the end of the day Kate rested in her cage stowed in the cellar with her
cunt on Melissa's face and her face in another cunt, she was exhausted. She had
been cuntrailed the whole day on Andy's left rail. Even he forced her twice to
blow him, he couldn't get enough. The whole day he was pinching her tits and
fingering her slit. In the afternoon he railed another girl on his right and
divided his attentions, but as soon as he was not molesting her, the teacher
came by and slapped, pinched or fondled her.

The boy's subjects were the usual: mathematics, history, literature, slavery,
torture on female victims, etc
But the girls learned: cocksucking, cuntlicking, intercourse with (other)
animals, etc. on Wednesday afternoons. On these afternoons a teacher, expert in
the teaching matter, gave the theory and the male students acted as assistants
and judges. They were allowed and encouraged to bring friends, pets or whatever
they thought suitable for the teaching matter.

Wednesday morning had been normal for Kate, if you consider normal to awake
bound naked in a cage with your face buried in a cunt, have breakfast direct out
of a trough kneeling nude next to other also naked girls and pass the morning
suffering molesting hands fixed on a bar for all to see and touch.
But in the afternoon all the livestock were collared, leashed and walked on
their fours to the training aula.
That Wednesday she learned cocksucking. Mr. Adams was the teacher. Mr. Adams was
a black ex-NBA player who over the years had got fat. When he entered the
classroom all the boys were sitting in their chairs with one or two bitches
kneeling next to them.

"You" he said pointing at Melissa " crawl to me". The boy released Melissa's
leash and she slowly crawled over to him. When he produced his organ even the
boys got scared, let alone Melissa. It was like an eggplant, both in length and
width. The teaching method was simple. All the boys took out their dicks and the
livestock should imitate Melissa. First she was told to lick the cock and the
balls to stiffen it.

Only the thought of licking a black cock made Melissa gag, but after an eternal
minute without air she avidly started licking. Some of the boys, principal the
outsiders couldn't stop cumming at this preliminary phase. "Don't worry"
consoled Mr. Adams " make them perform till it's erect again" Kate spend the
whole afternoon licking and sucking Victor's tool. Victor, who was brought to
this community 10 years ago, had an older and a younger sister to practice with.
It took Kate's lousy skills the whole afternoon to make him cum at least once.

The rest of the week went on without incidents for Kate, if you exclude a
gangbang, until Friday afternoon when she saw her mother and definitively knew
there was no escape.

To be continued...




Friday

Bettina silently suffered Mr. Shakes mauling hands under her skirt. She couldn't
believe she was walking in her own neighborhood with her neighbor openly
fondling her naked ass. She only hoped nobody would recognize her in the dark
and dressed as she was.
"Hi, Greg" shouted a voice from the other side of the street.
"Hi,  Bob" answered Greg " where the hell have you been these last weeks?"
Robert Marino (15) was the only kid of Larry and Liz Marino. The three of them
crossed the street to greet the Shakes.  As soon as Bob reached Greg and his
sisters the two girls knelt down with wide spread knees and opened their mouths,
even Ms. Shake and Ms. Marino acted that way. Bettina just stood there not
understanding what was going on.

"Larry, that Ms. Bettina Anderson our new neighbor"
Larry Marino in his forty, was a 6,5 feet tall man, totally white-haired and
with a very charming smile.
"Nice to meet you" Larry said very formally, but instead  of offering his hand,
the right one groped her tit and the left one went under her short skirt and
fondled her cunt.
He had no hurry in feeling her soft, warm flesh. With the tip of a finger he
pressed against her slit till it went in.

Ms. Anderson stiffened but did not shy away and permitted this total stranger to
feel her up. Larry went on fondling her and complimenting Mr. Shake for it, as
if she was his property. And he was only her neighbor.
No one bothered to introduced the man who was touching her cunt to her.

After some chatting suddenly Bob went silent. He stopped talking to Greg when he
realized Bettina was still standing, and went over to her. Larry stopped
fondling and permitted his son to reach the woman.

"Bitch, kneel" Bob shouted. Both the tone and the words were insulting.
Bettina was outraged. At least Mr. Marino had been polite in his words and he
was a big man, but this good-for-nothing.... Who he thought he was. He is only a
kid, Bettina thought. In a speed movement she tried to slap his face and
shouted: Watch your tongue, I could be your mother.

Bob agilely dodged the blow and started smiling with an open bright smile.
"My mom IS kneeling" he answered and produced the remote.
Bettina knew what was coming next and took a deep inhalation, but he surprised
her shoving the remote into his mother open mouth. Than, just for show he
reached between his mother's legs and cupped her cunt. Liz did not move. Patting
her head in the same way you pat a dog he turned to Bettina and out of the inner
pocket of his jacket he took two items. One of them was a glove he put on, the
other one seemed a cord.

"I think" Bob said loudly "the new bitch has to learn who is in charge."

Mr. Marino proudly looked at his kid, whilst Mr. Shake and Greg were smiling.
The kneeling women just looked at them, with wide opened mouths and knees. Liz
still had the remote in her mouth.

"Bitch, kneel" shouted Bob and unfolded the item. It was his very personal
electro-whip. With this invention he won the first prize at school, two years
ago. Bettina was to discover how effective it works.

"Fuck you" answered Bettina moving in circle and ready to fight. All the tension
and frustration of the day were in her words. She wanted to beat the shit out of
someone and this kid would pay for all of them. Mistake. This morning she still
was a very respected lawyer and now she had been reduced to a communal fucktoy.

The whip was a rubber covered wire but for the last inch, were the wire was
uncovered and ended in a suction pad. The handle had a knob and was full with
strong batteries.
When whipping something the uncovered end flexed itself making the suction pad
hit on the beaten object and stay there. Then by pressing the knob the object
receives discharges.

"Kneel" Bob said and swung his whip. The main body of the whip hit Ms.
Anderson's ass making her scream and jump forwards but then the whip's end
enrolled her leg and glued to her upper inner naked thigh. Bob pressed the knob
at that exact moment and Bettina started squeaking like a pig. The pain was
intense and her anger became repentance. Please, she thought, please stop. But
to the amused male audience the only sound arriving was EEEEEEEEE!

To worsen things the electric shock immobilized her muscles, making it
impossible to move, letting alone to fight.

"So, so.. our bitch wanted to fight"  a smiling Bob said.
Please, I'm hurting became an "EEEOOOOOOOUUUUUUUIIIING" which made the audience
laugh. It seemed the bitch was howling.
"Bitch I'm going to release the knob for 2 sec and you are to kneel.
Understood?"
The pain went away the same it came, only her ass was still hurting. She dropped
to her knees and looked at him with pleading eyes.
"Look, the bitch is learning" Bob said, approached her and groped her right tit.
"Open that snout, bitch, and don't forget to adopt this exact position whenever
you see me"
To emphasize his words he again pressed the knob and Bettina squealed once more.
Than he squatted in front of her and slowly introduced a gloved finger into her
most private hole.

It was highly erotic to see this teen boy mastering and heavily fondling the
former independent, grown up woman. For a while his gloved hand squeezed and
caressed the female body all he wanted. He put her under shock a few more times
before he stood up again and smiling faced the group.

"That's my kid"  Mr. Marino said, fucking Christy's mouth in front of her whole
family. "You know, Larry went on,  "when we came here, three years ago, Bob
himself was a problem. He had been expelled from three different schools, had no
friends and I couldn't stand any longer his mother's constant complaints about
him." Satisfied he increased his fucking rhythm. Greg and Bob, listing to
Larry's words were toying with Liz. Whilst Greg finger fucked his friends
mother, Bob made her lick the glove clean.

"Larry, why don't you join us and we've dinner together" invited Mr. Shake.

Ten minutes later they reached the restaurant. To Bettina's shock she knew this
restaurant. It was the local where she has had dinner twice this week with some
of her co-workers. How on earth could she present herself, dressed as she was
and in company of naked and leashed women, here now. But she had to.

"Ms. Anderson, quelle jolie de vous voir". It was the French Maitre, a very
correct and distinguished man who greeted her. But this time he didn't take her
coat, neither did he ask her to follow him. He groped one tit pulled at it and
slapped her ass, repeatedly. Than to the gentlemen he said: Mr. Shake, Mr.
Marino please follow me to the table. Your belongings will be brought to your
table later, if you want to ". He went away followed by the four men.

Ms. Anderson was still too astonished to react. She had been publicly fondled
and spanked by a maitre and nobody seemed to care. Moments later a big black man
appeared, took Alyssa's and Christy's leash and with a short 'follow me' he
headed towards the wardrobe.

In the wardrobe there was no robe. But plenty of four-wheeled boards. And a lot
of naked, gagged or sluttish dressed women on their fours, on the carts. Once
installed on the cart a metal cuff fix, not the ankle, but the knee and two
leather stripes attach the wrists.
Bettina's initial shock grew when she recognized Pam between the 'carted' women.
Pamela was her closest colleague and she had been very helpful this first week.
Well, now the pretty blonde was stark naked, fixed on a wheeled cart in a
wardrobe of a restaurant. The same restaurant they had had dinner on Wednesday.
"Pam" she exclaimed "what..."
"Silence"  shouted the black man and smacked her ass. "Position"
Liz, Vicky, Alyssa and Christy immediately kneeled on a cart, she got herself
another slap before reacting. Once he had fixed the females, the black man went
away. Some of the not gagged women started whispering. She asked Pam again what
she was doing there.

"Gordon brought me" she answered.
"Gordon, Gordon Martin ?" Bettina asked without believing it. How could Pam have
dinner with such a nerd.
"Yes, him and his wife. That one with the enormous tongue-ring over there"
"But how, why,  what..." Bettina was totally confused. She had been for one week
in the new office and everybody had been charming and  attentive.

"Betty, you remember you were told your real place wasn't on the eighth floor,
but on the fifth.  Mine too is on the fifth. None of our female co-workers is
allowed on the eighth floor, except for the first week we get new meat. Then we
act as humans, till the new meat is hooked."

Bettina was shocked by both, the information she was getting and the words Pam
used.
"Act as humans?" "New meat" What the hell was Pam talking about.

Maurice, the black man, came back, attached a chain to Gordon's wife tongue-ring
and pulled her away.
Few sec later Pam too, was carted out, pulled at a chain clipped to her nipples.

When Bettina was finally brought to table she was faced with a bleak prospect.

Whilst the table were occupied by happily talking men, next to them she saw
'carted' woman licking her dinner out of a bowl. She searched and found Pam,
also 'eating' next to Gordon whilst he with his right hand was thoroughly finger
fucking his blonde colleague, having dinner himself.

The conversation at "her table" was in full swing. Larry was telling how Bob won
the first price with his electro-whip.

"... he even made his female teachers kneel and blow him for what he got a
special mention  from Mr. Benson" proudly remembered Larry. "And that was only
eight months after arriving here" Mr. Marino went on "you see he adapted very
speed to the new environment. Unlike her son, Liz didn't adapt well at first. As
I told you before I was sick of her constant claims so I decided to let Bob
handle her. For a whole week she was kept at school and when he brought her back
she was perfectly adapted. I remember when our first Christmas here Bob invited
some school buddies and they made her fuck the collie one of them got for
Christmas in our living room. My Liz being fucked by a dog in front of horny
teens! Yes, now for sure,  she was a member of our new community cause before
she didn't even make love to me if the lights were on."

Whilst driving to work on Monday, Bettina  remembered her weekend.
She remembered when Gordon Martin recognized her with great joy and was, of
course, allowed to fuck her right there, trapped as she was, on her cart. She
remembered when the Maitre made her suck him off, when they were again carted
away in a row. First Liz, then biting into her cunt Vicky, followed by a biting
Alyssa then herself with a mouth full of cunt suffering the biting Christy in
her own one.
If her own hurt hadn't been so awful she would have cared for Liz towing four
women with her most tender flesh.

She remembered her weekend and how her so-nice-neighbors came one by one and
used and abused her.
She was fucked and degraded in every imaginable way, she was bound and tortured
just for fun. She learned her place, for sure she did.
And then she remembered she reached Mr. Ralph Parker, her former boss, yesterday
night, and how astonished he was and that he promised to show up today.
That call gave her strength to drive to work today, after blowing Greg this
morning, whilst both his sisters attended their father.




Weekend

Kate too, was devastated when she found out she was not getting home that
weekend.
But no newcomer was allowed to go home. Mr. Benson had told Ms. Anderson he was
taking Kate home, that was not the truth, but who cares. Ever though about lying
at a dog?
After finishing school activities the new livestock got a safety pin with a
number through a nipple and was ordered to stand at the exit for their
companions to inspect them.

Their schoolmates freely looked at and touched them and if they were in mood
they took the nipple-pinned-number and put it on their own hook at the board.
That meant he was taking care of this particular critter for the weekend. If
after closing school there still remained livestock, it was closed in the
weekend cages.

 And poor Ivory found no student interested in her. She stood at the door with
the safety pin through her nipple showing number 13. A lot of mates passed their
hands between her legs, they fondled, pinched and finger fucked her without even
noticing she was there, but none of them decided to take her home. Ivory
suffered the humiliating treatment not knowing what was going to happen to her.
She was the only daughter of Mr. And Ms. Blair but her mother didn't show up
today. Two months ago this beautiful black gazelle was between the most coveted
girls of her school in NY and now, nobody wanted to take her home, knowing they
could do anything they wanted to her, they could fuck and torture her, they
could strip and humiliate her, but they left her in school. It was, for her,
even more humiliating than any action aimed at humiliating her. The whole week
she had been used and abused, same as the rest of the flock, but she was going
to stay in a weekend cage.

Miss Joel slapped her face repeatedly for being such an unwanted bitch and
attaching a chain to her collar she made her follow, crawling.
"In you go" said Miss Joel and kicking the girl's ass; she made her crawl into
the cage. Miss Joel also stepped into the cage. It was a big one, 100 square
feet more or less and 8 feet high. There she attached the girl's hands behind
and a long chain hanging from the ceiling in a corner was attached to Ivory's
collar. The chain was exact 8 feet long to force Ivory to sleep in that corner,
if she wanted to lie down. On the opposite corner was a kind of stool with a big
black plastic cock fixed in its center and a strange rubber tube pending 3 feet
over it,  the corner to her left was fitted with a white dildo. In the last
corner was a kind of big box.

 "If you are hungry" explained Miss Joel "you sit on that black cock and catch
the tube with your snout, than you start thoroughly fucking yourself. A built-in
sensor rewards you with eatable stuff if you do well. Don't try to fool the
system, if the food drops on the floor the chain will stop you from licking it
up and you will be severely punished on Monday.

"To calm your thirst" went on Miss Joel whilst fingering her student "you kneel
in that corner and blow the white dick there. To get water you've to do a good
job."

"And to release yourself you've to open the box, it is an easy mechanism. You
sit on both the metal knobs over there, making them fit into your cunt and ass
and you put your udders in these holes. You'll feel that after some seconds a
cold metal will be touching your nipples. Than you've to hold still cause you
are closing the circuit. You'll fell the current passing through you and you'll
hear the door opening. Hold on till it opens or you have to start again and
don't you dare to piss on yourself! Than you have 2 minutes to do your things,
hurry up or you get caught inside the box for the rest of the weekend."

Ivory didn't know how devilish the box worked. To have only two minutes meant to
need the toilet really badly, but to open the box with a bladder pressure to
hold on whilst getting shocked, worsen the whole process.

Once explained everything Miss Joel made Ivory suck her cunt and without further
ado she went away switching the light off. Ivory started crying, the weekend was
going to be long, and attached as she was she couldn't even clean her face, full
of Joel's cunt juices.




Kate was taken home by another newcomer, Bernard. Bernard had always been a shy
guy. When his father told them they were moving to the States he was afraid to
lose the few friends he had in Canada and to not be able to find new ones. He
couldn't relay on his family. For his sister Lourdes he was as good as
non-existent, and his mother only had eyes for her daughter.

But this first week at the Benson's school made him blossom. Now on Friday he
was another guy, and he was looking forward to get home to meet his "sweet mom".
His sister he had "met" in school.
"Mom, Dad, I'm home" he shouted when opening the door "and I've brought a
plaything from school".
Kate went red; even she had been abused the whole week, being introduced as
'plaything' was still humiliating for her. She was still thinking in terms of
dates and boyfriends.
Marie Brown had just arrived two hours earlier. She was still wearing her school
outfit when she entered her home. Patrick, her husband, was waiting for her in
the living, but he wasn't alone. With him he had his brother Gerard and two of
his work-colleagues one, transferred with him from Canada, Elias, and Dennis, a
local colleague.
Marie knew all of them, but liked none.
"Marie, you look gorgeous" exclaimed Gerard, and it was true. The black school
outfit, the gloves and the cap contrasted with her blond hair and her blue eyes.
"Thank you, Gerard" answered Marie without looking at him.
Gerard was her husband's younger brother and he had always fancied her. After
her marriage his pressure on her had grown till unbearable levels, and she was
really soothed when he moved away.

Patrick and Elias had been listening to Dennis and Gerard. They were explaining
how pliable the women were in this neighborhood, and the Benson's School ADS.
Both doubted if belief or not, even they had been explained before definitively
moving. But his wife thanking Gerard's compliment, and the way she was dressed,
blew away any trace of doubt.

Gerard, who had been living in this arae for over two years now, knew his toy
was ready. He stood up and made her make eye contact with him, lifting her chin.
Than slowly lowering his hand he brushed her tit till he reached crotch level.
Still maintaining eye contact he cupped her sex, her naked sex. Marie was close
to tears being fondled like this, in front of her husband and by Gerard,
especially by Gerard.

This latter was firmly pressing his middle finger into the cunt of his so
beloved (and hated) sister-in-law. With the other hand he holds her ass in a
strong grip. "Patrick you see, your wife has improved a lot. Now she is
presentable in polite society." Gerard said and slapping Marie's ass he added
"Come on Marie kneel next to me with wide spread thighs, as you've learned
today".

Nor Gerard, nor Dennis were sex-starved, and for Patrick it was his wife, but
Elias couldn't take his eyes from Marie's naked crotch. She was kneeling in
front of him next to her brother-in-law, who occasionally fondled her privates,
showing him everything she has got. Her sparse blond hair did few to cover her
open sex, and Marie knew it.

"Dad...oh, Mon Dieu, good evening gentlemen" Bernard stood at the door without
knowing what to do. He wanted to introduce his new toy to his father and he was
looking forward to meeting his mother. But he wasn't prepared for the scene he
found.

His mother was stark naked sitting on Uncle Gerard's cock, moving up and down.
She had white traces on her face. Next to his father, there were two other guys
he didn't know. One was dressed, same as his father, but the other one was
without his trousers and underpants, but he wasn't spotting an respectable
erection.
Bernard immediately put two and two together, and smiling looked again at his
mom.
"Bern, son, come in" Patrick said, waving his hand. "Here is Mr. Elias Raymond"
"Nice to meet you" said both in unison and started laughing. "And that's Mr.
Dennis Hope" Dennis lifted his hand saying 'Hi'.
"And who's that" asked Patrick pointing at Kate.
Marie was dying out of shame. Not only she had been caught naked and fucking by
her own son, she was been ignored as if non-existent and had to go on fucking
herself on her brother-in -law's dick.

Kate too felt unease. She was still not ready to accept that women were only
livestock and fuckable whenever a man wished. It was still shocking to her being
introduced to people next to a fucking couple.

"Oh, dad, that's a fuck-toy I've brought from school. I'm going o use her this
weekend" said Bernard and slapping Kate's ass he added "Greet my father, you
worm"
"Nice to meet you, Sir" said Kate whilst Patrick was kneading her ass.
"Nice meat yours too" joked Patrick pressing the side of his hand into her cunt.
Bernard was greeting his uncle who vigorously shook his hand.  "Bern how nice to
see you again, you seem bigger and more masculine" Gerard went on talking to his
nephew without permitting Marie to stop.
Finally he ordered a cumming Marie to greet her son, who instead of the normal
kiss forced a French kiss on her, groping both her tits.

When on Monday Kate arrived at school she was even relieved. The weekend had
been a complete nightmare. Being newcomers, the Browns were sex-starved and not
used to have any-time-available livestock around them. The same Friday she
arrived, she had to blow Mr. Brown whilst a so-called Mr. Elias ass-fucked her.
For the enjoyment of the present men she had to suck and lick clean Marie's
freshly fucked cunt. Both animals were deeply ashamed but they had to perform,
as Marie understood after 30 asphyxiating seconds. And they didn't stop
torturing Marie when she gave in, they had fun making this former mother and
housewife beg to have her cunt licked by another woman.
Kate remembered she was told to lick Bernard's balls from behind whilst he
fucked Marie in front of her husband and his colleagues and how she spent the
night attached to Marie in a 69 position, cleaning each other cunts.

Saturday came and went and Kate was vilified and abused in every imaginable way.
The problem of newcomers is that their mental sex drive is much stronger than
their physical one. It comes a moment when they have a nice pet to use and abuse
but their cock is drenched out; then they become each time more inventive (read
cruel) to satisfy ancient hunger. Per example Bernard took Kate into his garage
and fixed her tits to the lathe. He explained the whimpering girl he wanted to
see if he could reduce her tits to a 2 inch diameter before it exploded.  It's a
pity he was interrupted when the tit was really crushed but still far from the 2
inch mark and she was released to fulfill more natural needs; we'll never know
what would have happened.  Well, perhaps he tries on Marie or on his sister
Lourdes, with a fuller upper department.
Kate was such a mess when she finally was allowed to sleep that the Browns
seriously considered if calling a veterinary.

For Marie the shock was even bigger. She hadn't been given time to adapt herself
to her new situation. From being a respected housewife and mother in only four
hours she passed directly to being fucked by her son and his friends in front of
her brother in law, their new neighbors and friends. Being a healthy animal, as
she was, made things worse cause her body reacted to all these sexual abuse and
to her utterly humiliation she came twice on her son's dick.
The second one was sitting on him, but facing Uncle Gerard.
"You know mom" explained Bernard "I've met Lu in school. She's a clever bitch.
When we met I pressed the remote to activate her ADS and without telling her she
knew what to do. Half asphyxiated she crawled over to me and started sucking my
cock, it was a pity she fainted so soon" Explaining his heroism he got more and
more aggressive and started mauling and squeezing his mother's tits, whilst
powerfully fucking her. Gerard loved the picture of his degraded sister-in-law
being fucked by her own son and exposed to everybody.

"You know" he went on" I was going to let her die right there for not finishing
me off  "but an older student explained in was forbidden to waste fresh meat
under a 50 US $ penalty" The atrocity of his words combined with the eroticism
and humiliation of her present situation made her cum aloud. She, Marie Brown,
was whimpering and moaning on her son's dick, the little group laughed and
cheered.
"Now I'm happy we kept her alive" explained Bern after her orgasm, still fucking
her, she's going to be my fuck doll for the rest of her miserable life, same as
you. And saying this he came.

To be continued...



When she took the lift to reach "her floor" she didn't know if press the
  eighth as last week or the fifth. She introduced her card and decided to ignore
  Pam's comments. If her new floor is the fifth they should have told her on
  Friday.  
"AAAAAAAAaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh" The eighth floor button shocked her, and an alarm
  went on "Parasite, parasite, parasite"  
Four uniformed men with dogcatcher tools appeared immediately. Shocked as
  she was, both mentally and physically, the resistance she offered were as good
  as none and as quick as a wink she was naked on her fours, gagged and with
  a noose around her neck.  
Three of the men went away, but one brought her to the eighth floor. He really
  behaved as if having caught a dog, what Bettina felt as a bigger degradation
  then being sexually abused, but at least human.  
Like this Miss Bettina Anderson, a renowned lawyer, was walked through her
  former work place to meet her Boss and colleagues. The first she noted was
  the silence on the eighth floor, but from her position she couldn't see a thing.  
She was walked through the office to Mr. Norman Rosenberg's office. The dogcatcher,
  with his bitch on a leash, knocked at the door.  
"Come in" sounded Mr. Rosenberg's voice.  
In they went. If for Bettina there had still been some hope to get rescued
  by a knight in shining armor, the panorama she found in Mr. Rosenberg's office
  devastated it.  
On his table she saw two kneeling woman; naked and bound. One on each end
  of the table, with wide spread knees, wrists attached to their ankles, and
  a rope through their mouth fixed to their big toes, attached together, made
  them stay on place. They were absolute immobile.  
If the panorama itself was devastating, the recognition of one of the girls
  wrought havoc in her mind. It was none other than Nicole Parker, Ralph Parker's
  only daughter. She did not identify the other woman from her position, but
  it was Ms Olga Parker, his just married second wife.  
And sitting in front of Norman was Ralph Parker himself, mind absently toying
  with a pen in his daughter's cunt.  
"Ah, Miss Anderson "he cheerfully said "I've been very worried about you".
  He stood up and petted her head before squatting down to make eye-contact.  
"When you phoned me I got really upset" he said "How is it possible that
  livestock have access to outside phone lines? Thanks God, your brains are not
  as good as your boobs"  
He waited to see the effect his words had on her.  
"My dear Bettina" he started taking both her tits, one with each hand, "you've
  no idea how long I've been waiting for this moment to come" his hands were
  kneading her tender flesh, but his voice was warm and peaceful as always.  
Bettina felt deeply ashamed. This man knew her as one of the best Lawyers
  in country, a successful, strong willed and independent woman. And now she
  was naked, gagged and leashed like an animal, neither able to hide her charms
  nor to avoid him touching them.  
"You know my family, don't you?" He suddenly asked, standing up again and
  taking the stick out of the dogcatcher's hand dismissing him. Miss Anderson
  followed her former Boss, crawling.  
"That one on the left, with the pen menacing to fall out of her so selective
  cunt is Nicole, my daughter. She wanted to escape me and asked to change college.
  I, of course, sent her to our beloved Benson's School. Since than I've had
  no problem with her or with her so elitist cunt"  
After slapping the pen in again, with a hard pat on his daughter's cunt he
  went on.  
"This one on my right is my newlywed second wife Olga. This is in fact our
  honeymoon, isn't it Honey?" He asked his wife painfully stretching out one
  of her nipples.  
Miss Bettina Anderson spent the following two hours sucking on Mr. Parkers
  cock, listening to his story. Each time he was going to come, he slapped her
  pretty face to make her stop and than another slap on her ass was the signal
  for her to go on.  
Mr. Rosenberg, who till today hadn't seen her nude, felt free to use her
  rear end; without asking her. He fucked her, twice. Bettina felt horrible,
  she had been abused the whole weekend, but still she was not used to this 'use'.  
On Friday this man was a gentleman and treated her as a very valuable employee
  and person, and now he was abusing her without concern.  
First he touched, groped and kneaded her soft ass. It felt good to him having
  this superb woman reduced to a kind of house pet. He slapped her inner thighs,
  to get easier access to her, till Friday, private parts. Then he started fingering
  her slit, her inner folds and her labia. Even being abused and humiliated as
  she was, her body reacted to her boss' hands.  
"Ralph, you wouldn't believe it, but your new toy is soaking wet"  
'On Friday I was Miss Anderson and now I'm his new toy'. She bitterly thought.  
"It's always like this" Ralph said "once you break their shell, the true
  bitch surfaces. Let's take Nicole's case as an example, Mr. Parker said playing
  with his daughter's clit.  
"You know she always was slightly arrogant thinking she's too worthy to be
  touched, let alone fucked" Mr. Parker underlined his last words slapping in
  again the pen, which menaced once more to fall out of the slippery cunt.  
The poor brunette could do nothing but suffer the degrading treatment. Her
  body, even if a little bit plump, was something to be proud of. She was, when
  not kneeling, 5' 2" tall, with white impeccable skin and generous e-cup tits.
  To say truth her tits were her best assets.  
"It was after our London trip when I decided to permit my beloved daughter
  benefit from our Benson's school" went on Mr. Parker. "There we had an argument
  when I was taking pictures of her with the Tower bridge as background and she
  denied to strip nude for my and the by passers benefit. I told her I just wanted
  her to peel away her jeans and panties and to remove her sleeveless pullover
  including her bra to take some more interesting pics and she started insulting
  me. She had the nerve to disobey her dad just like that." Mr. Parker slapped
  again Bettina's face and removed his cock from her mouth to speak to Nicole. "Nicky
  don't you think it was a mistake not obeying your caring Dad?" Whilst talking
  to the bound and naked kneeling woman his left hand fondled her ass and his
  right one kneaded her cunt burying again the pen deep into her.  
"But lets come back to the main theme" Mr. Parker after moment of silence
  sat down, took Miss Bettina Anderson by her hairs to position her again on
  his dick an went on talking. Bettina started slurping and sucking on his tool
  knowing what he expected.  
It was strange how easy she has accepted her new role.  
"I told you" he said talking to Rosenberg "that once you break their shell,
  the true bitch surfaces. And that's exact what happened to Nicky. Just two
  weeks after registering her at the Benson's school, I organized a little dinner
  with friends at home. When on Friday afternoon she came home there we where
  our neighbors Miss and Mr. Murphy, Smith, a friend of Nicky and me. None of
  them knew Nicky's true nature and the first twenty minute everything was polite
  and correct. It was just after the first course that I asked Nicky to strip
  nude cause "I think you look better like that" Nicky looked at me and at our
  guests but totally bewildered she started stripping. The Murphys seemed shocked
  but soon they started catcalling and applauding. When finally she removed her
  panties Miss Murphy was openly massaging her husband's crotch. Smithy, as I
  call him, enthusiastically supported my point of view. "Yes Nica, show us your
  goodies, come on Nica put your tits on show" He even asked me (not her) if
  I allowed him to touch her. Of course I did and whilst she was removing her
  trousers he stood behind her and thoroughly fondled both her tits. Once she
  was in the nude I made her parade around.  
The Murphys didn't even ask for permission and freely touched and fondled
  my naked daughter, but it was again Smithy who fingering her slit exclaimed: "This
  slut is dripping wet" Nicky couldn't feel more humiliated. There she was naked
  and abused in front of people who she thought cared about her abused both physically
  and verbally.  
Smithy happily fingered her slit and stuck his fingers into her holes. "Nica,
  I always thought you were a little bit bitchy, but I couldn't imagine what
  a bitch you are." Nicky started moaning I don't know if it was pleasure or
  discomfort when Mr. Murphy said: "If you want to know if she's a bitch why
  don't you bring my dog" The idea immediately caught our attention and even
  our bitch started supplicating. "Please I do as you tell me, I strip for you
  when ever you want, I'll blow you.. you&hellip;you can fuck me&hellip;."her
  voice fainted.  
"Can you believe" Mr. Parker asked Mr. Rosenberg "my daughter was offering
  herself to be fucked by her neighbors; she offered to strip for them and to
  perform oral sex. I told you, 'just break the shell'.  
Mr. Rosenberg who had carefully listened to Mr. Parker absentminded fondling
  and torturing Olga's naked body was excited by the story and used Miss Anderson's
  free end to release himself.  
"That night" went on Mr. Parker all of us thoroughly fucked her and she even
  licked Ms. Murphy's cunt, but her true nature was clearly shown next morning,
  when after a phone call she crawled nude, in the open, to our neighbors in
  order to meet her new mate.  








Unemployment



 
  abarguilla
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-07-03T21:54:00Z
  2006-07-03T21:54:00Z
  1
  2616
  14913
  ByteMaster S.A.
  124
  34
  17495
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  21
  5 pt
  6.8 pt
  0
  2
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Expanding 

&nbsp;

After a happy and successful year, the Benson school was
preparing the new academic year with new and innovative subjects to study. Mr.
Benson was pondering subjects like: 

&nbsp;

����������� - Preparation
of fighting bitches: He remembered what a success it had been when Nicola and
Kate were forced to fight each other naked on her fours. The event took place
in the gym and the girls had been disguised as real bitches, with all her goods
on show. The rules were simple they had to fight biting, growling and jumping,
like animals. The loser would get a trip to the zoo. 

&nbsp;

That meant she would be jailed into a cage with monkeys and
publicly fucked by them. 

&nbsp;

�After that fight, won
by Kate, with a terrific cunt-bite on Nica, the boys
organized a real league. Many of the former proud girls, and even some moms,
became fighting bitches. It wasn�t unusual seeing groups of boys in the
Theatre, having coffee or shopping with their classmates naked on their fours
on a leash.

&nbsp;

Nica enjoyed a whole weekend caged
with mandrills. A lot of people cheered at the cage whilst the insatiable
monkeys took turns in fucking this heir-to-be. A former boyfriend, Smith, came
into his pants when he saw two monkeys taking �his� Nicole.

&nbsp;

Bitch-fights took place everywhere, even a salesgirl (a bit
too bitchy) was forced to fight Ivory. Of course she lost the fight and was
close to loosing a nipple, too. Afterwards she was forced to suck the boys off,
thanking them for showing her, her place in life. She also got a place in the
zoo, this time with orangutans.

&nbsp;

-Hunting down
free women: Except when new meat arrived, the boys had few experience in
chasing, stripping and schooling free women. It happened that a bus full of
cheerleader lost its way and stopped next to the Benson�s campus. Terrified by what
they saw they run away, crying and shouting. A hunting party was organized, but
the lack of skill was patent. Three girls were brought to the campus three days
later, naked and handcuffed, they had effectively escaped.
Thanks god the police is effective, Arthur thought, if not they would have lost
the opportunity to learn at Benson�s school. Once on School facilities they
were swallowed and processed by the system. One of them even reached
quarter-finals in the bitch-fight-league, before joining her companions in the
zoo, finally the zoo bought them and they became live-in-residents, (or monkey fuckmates) much to their dismay. 

&nbsp;

- Abduction and
replacement of �subversive elements� This was Mr.
Benson biggest worry. �It happened again
this year that they had to make a woman disappear. She was openly against their
system, �how could she be so stupid�. It was a pretty anchorwoman, named Verona
Highs. Married to a wealthy man she was becoming a pain in the ass. His money
mixed with her prettiness gave her to many hours on
TV. To see a long-legged brunette in short skirts telling (true) erotic stories
seemingly appealed the audience.� 

&nbsp;

Her abduction had been a lot more easy
then feared. But for the substitution they had to provide up to 5 trained
animals. Two for her husband, (mother and daughter team) one for her son ( a pretty well trained blond), one for the TV director, and
one more for a peeping neighbor. ( here at least they
got a young un-trained animal in change, the neighbors former wife) But with
business like this soon the school would be in dire straits.� The fact that now Miss Highs was permanently
fixed on a town square and labeled as �Public-fuckstation�
only tempered a little bit his anger. 

&nbsp;

It was in a break when reading the
newspaper he got a wicked smile on his face. The government had released a new
law with the aim of helping graduated students to find their first Job. 

This law compelled them to leave their hometown, alone or in
small groups, and show their skills to other people, preferably employer or
dignitaries. 

&nbsp;

The law also compelled the population, especially these
targets, to listen to them, to keep their minds and doors open. 

&nbsp;

In few days� hordes of new programmers, lawyers, doctors,
etc. where showing their know-how to companies, schools, industries, and even
to the man in the street. The general mood was good and the feedback the
government got was positive, the supposed symbiosis was working. 

&nbsp;

Ding-dong, Ding-dong

&nbsp;

Mr. Ron Grey was having lunch that peaceful Saturday
together with his pretty wife, Alyssa (39), his twin daughters Laila and Talia (17 y/o) and his
son Benjamin (15).

&nbsp;

�Sorry to disturb you, Mr., but my colleagues, Dan, Sean, Tariq and I (Erwin) came to show you our skills. We think
it will be very helpful for you and for the whole neighborhood.�

&nbsp;

�Please come in, we where just having lunch� Mr. Grey shook
hands with the four young men repeating his name each time �� may I offer you a
dish at our table� 

&nbsp;

He checked the group, they seemed ok.

&nbsp;

Erwin was the highest and strongest of them (perhaps also
the oldest Ron correctly guessed), he was seven feet
tall, blond, and well built, looking like an athlete. He dressed in a beige
linen suit, an open white shirt with brown stripes and brown summer shoes. 

&nbsp;

�No, thank you� Erwin politely declined �please go on eating
whilst we show you �The Benson�s pupil�s skills�� he said raising the voice �and
enjoy the show�

&nbsp;

�Please would you sign here Mr. Grey?� It was Tariq who produced a document Ron signed without even
looking at it. 

�Poor boys� he thought, but the law is the law and they have
to do their show.

&nbsp;

Tariq couldn�t hide his Arabic
background. Five feet and some inches tall, darker skin, with curly black hair,
he dressed in jeans, red polo and sneakers and was thin, really thin.

&nbsp;

�This is my wife Alyssa� Ron introduced the double of
Cameron Diaz. The same smile, hair, face and height but a fuller body. 

&nbsp;

�These pretty girls over there are my daughter Laila, with the blue dress and Talia,
in the black top and shorts.� 

&nbsp;

Both girls giggled and grated with their heads. They were at
least as pretty as their mother, a little bit softer perhaps, but really
lookers.

&nbsp;

�Hi, I�m Ben� Benjamin introduced himself standing up and
shaking hands. Although he was a lot younger than the Benson�s he could have
been part of the group without being out of place. 

&nbsp;

�..and what�s your school
specialized in?� Alyssa asked whilst the boys were unpacking their items.

&nbsp;

Sean looked at her in a way it made her freeze. Sean had
naturally warm black eyes, but he was very able to look in the same way a Roman
Caesar would look at Christians before throwing them to the lions. 

&nbsp;

�The Benson School
is the World�s best School in hunting, stripping and training women to reduce
them to mere sluts, pets or chattels. We unmask sluts as you and allow bitches
like these� he said pointing at Laila and Tania �to
show their true nature�.

&nbsp;

His voice was only informative but the meaning hit the whole
family. They looked at him not seeing a young man, casually dressed, with a
small belly and big hands, they saw the Devil itself. 

&nbsp;

Dan, dressed as a paramilitary and
with a far resemblance to Clint Eastwood, showed again the document Ron has so
easily signed to inform them that they�ve the right to show their skills and
that nobody should interfere. 

&nbsp;

Tariq spoke to Ben in a low voice:
�Pay attention you�ll learn more today than in a whole school year.�

&nbsp;

�Unless you want us to use this� added Dan
showing a stun-gun �and then hand you over to the police.� 

&nbsp;

�How you dare, you swine..� Alyssa
felt shocked and angry and wanted to slap that man�s face, or kick him or�

&nbsp;

Ron knew very well how dangerous his little wifey could be when angry, and waited expectantly how this
man was going to handle the situation.

&nbsp;

Sean, after 5 years in Benson�s school, saw her movements as
if she were moving in slow motion.

In a flowing movement he dodged the attack and slipped a
nose over her head.

&nbsp;

�Ahhh� Alyssa felt the string
around her neck when Sean tightened it.

Then he kicked her into the back of the knee and when
kneeling he gripped her hair with the same hand he was holding the rope. 

&nbsp;

Ms Alyssa Grey was kneeling next to her captor in less then
one minute after her attack, fighting for oxygen more then against him.

&nbsp;

Erwin then asked Dan and Tariq to
get the other two bitches and he went on explaining the benefits of the Benson
System.

&nbsp;

�Sorry; Mr, are you going to rape
them? Asked Ben when he heard about the immediate future of his mom and
sisters.

&nbsp;

�No!� Erwin�s answer was emphatic �We are no rapists�

&nbsp;

�But, but�� stammered Ben seeing how his family was being
handled 

&nbsp;

�To rape� explained Erwin �is to break a woman�s body
against her will. It is violent, unrefinded and
disgusting. We train a woman to consider the sexual intercourse as the better one
of her possible fates� He paused a moment in which he squatted down and looking
direct into Alyssa�s eyes he patted her crotch �a far better fate than, for
instance, miserably dying by suffocation� 

&nbsp;

Alyssa was near to asphyxia. She could hardly breathe. The
fact that someone was molesting her was the smallest of her worries. �Touch if
you want but allow me to breathe��

&nbsp;

�We break their will; we show them that to obey is the only
choice. We tell them what to think, how to behave, what to dress and they obey
or�� Erwin left his last sentence unfinished and patting Tania�s and Laila�s heads he asked his colleagues to proceed with the
show.

&nbsp;

The afternoon was eventful and very enjoyable, even Ron and
Ben had a great time.

&nbsp;

To start with, the three girls got Tariq�s
special helmet. With these helmets Tariq won the
second prize in school. Their mechanism is quite simple once they are fixed on
the girl�s head, (attached to her chin and neck) it scans the girl�s brain
waves. If the brain wave denote opposition (like
thinking �NO�) the girl gets a discharge direct into her nervous system.
Seemingly it hurts awfully. 

&nbsp;

Then starting with Alyssa they were foced
to strip. 

�Alyssa strip� Ordered Sean �show
us your slutty body�.

�Go to aaaaaaiiiiiiiich����

�Strip�

�Noooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiich�

�Strip�

Slowly she undid her blouse and bra. When she had to open
her pants the discharge hit her once more. 

&nbsp;

�Enjoying the show?� Sean asked Ben who spotted an evident
hard-on.

&nbsp;

�Please not in front of my son� Alyssa pitifully asked while
stepping out of her pants. 

�Ok, slut� Erwin said �Ask Ben to peel your panties off�

�Noooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiich�

�Ask him to fondle your slit when peeling them off� Erwin
added.

�Noooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiich�

�Noooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiich�

�Nnn.., Ben please help me�
squeaked Alyssa

�Ask him to fondle you, to feel you up, to molest you, slut�

�Noooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiich�

�Ben please touch me� Alyssa finally managed to say whilst
her son was stripping the last piece of clothing and dignity away.

&nbsp;

Ben heavily petted his mom�s cunt. Her slit was moist and he
couldn�t get enough groping and teasing this pretty�s woman most private spot. Alyssa
wanted to die not only cause of the situation itself, but cause of her bodily
reactions. 

&nbsp;

�Tania take Ben�s cock and start
sucking it.� Tariq ordered softly kicking her ass.
Some educational discharges later Tania was avidly sucking on Ben�s dick. 

&nbsp;

Ron also got a blowjob, he enjoyed Laila�s
mouth. 

&nbsp;

Once the females were naked the real fun started. First came
the parade, but in difference to official catwalks here touching was allowed,
even encouraged.

&nbsp;

Ben�s hands were constantly full of his disgraced sister�s cunts. After cumming twice in
Tania�s mouth he was again fully erect. The girls couldn�t but accept their
brother�s hands, so he was free to touch, explore, fondle or slap to his
heart�s content. 

&nbsp;

The helmet worked wonderfully and after a short time the
brain refuses to refuse an order; the brain trying to avoid pain disobeys the
mind. It made them act like sluts disregarding what they were thinking.

&nbsp;

The obscenities, depravities and humiliations the Grey-girls
went through would make a harbor hooker to blush, but the final blow was the
heaviest. 

&nbsp;

After stripping and parading the girls around, they made
them ask for sexual abuse. Sexual abuse they, of course, got. Then they were
sent to their rooms to dress and to discard wrong clothing items. All bras and
panties were discarded, not tight trousers or too long skirts were
inadmissible.

Before, during and after modeling different items the
grouping and fucking never ceased. 

&nbsp;

Tariq was the thinnest guy but his
cock was huge. When he had a full erection he preferred laying on the floor
cause of all the blood his dick needed. It looked impossible how this amount of
flesh could belong to such a small body.

&nbsp;

When Laila and Tania saw his
member the got really afraid and were thankful for Sean and Dan, who where
fucking them right then.

Two hours earlier they would have cried rape and called the
police if told they would get a fucking from these boys, and now they were
grateful for it.

&nbsp;

Alyssa, on the other hand, saw this monster tool and began
salivating. She had been abused by Erwin and by her own son and was, by now, so
erotically driven that the prospect of having that trunk between her legs
fascinated her. 

&nbsp;

�Go for it, slut� Erwin ordered withdrawing his manhood and
slapping her ass. Alyssa, a suburban housewife, hastily crawled on her fours to
Tariq and mounted his obelisk,
she didn�t hide the hurry she felt.

The true Slut was surfacing and Erwin commented it aloud.
Red as dripping blood, Alyssa went on impaling herself on Tariq�s
spear.

&nbsp;

�AAhhhhh� Her whole cunt was
filled with man�s flesh she moved once, twice and came as she never did in her
whole life. 

&nbsp;

Her husband watched her cheating orgasm getting a blowjob
from his fucked Daughter Tania, same as Ben who emulated his mother cumming into Laila�s mouth.

&nbsp;

When Erwin ordered Alyssa to cross the street, naked in high
heels and helmet, to invite their neighbors to their fuck-party she started
walking even she was thinking � I would rather prefer to die fried on the spot�
�I�m not going to do it� �I�m naked�.

&nbsp;

�Hello, is your father at home�
Alyssa asked the boy who opened the door. He was twelve or thirteen. 

����� The sight of this pretty woman, he often fantasized
about, in a full frontal nude view standing there out in the open eclipsed
everything else. He didn�t hear her words, nor his
father�s one asking who it was, nor his dog barking. The blond cunt got all his
attention, and as if on automatic pilot he slowly stretched out his right hand
and cupped her cunt. 

&nbsp;

She saw his hand coming and wanted to block it or dodge away,
but her brain instead of it, and to her utter humiliation, opened her legs
granting him better access. 

&nbsp;

He made contact with the moist slit and puffy lips and
started cumming into his pants.

&nbsp;

That was what Mr. Feingold saw. The blond
slut from opposite, standing stark naked in his door with Joshua�s hands
between her legs, whilst this later was somehow shaking.

He was a tit man and these tits should not be covered he
thought, they were close to perfection. 

&nbsp;

�What the hell do you think you are doing?� Who he was
asking remained unclear. 

�I�ve been told to invite you to our fuck-party��� Alyssa told him utterly ashamed, and stepped
away for him to see her naked daughters. Laila, was
standing next to Ron massaging his prominent crotch, with his hands on her tits
and ass; and Tania on her fours pointing her ass and twat to him, blowing her
insatiable brother.� 

&nbsp;

With new stamina the party really started. Mr. Feingold and
Joshua brought �Hamas� with them.

The four Benson boys, who had already fucked the girls all
they wanted, explained they were there to educate these pets to better serve
the community; a very welcome idea, if to judge by the Feingold�s smiles.

&nbsp;

Joshua who had never before seen a
adult naked woman in person couldn�t get enough. He fondled Tania�s cunt with
his left hand groped Laila�s one with his right one
and fucked Alyssa. After cumming his member remained
erect and he started finger fucking his pretty neighbor Alyssa, slapping Laila and calling her names whilst fucking Tania. Mr.
Feingold, once his son concentrated only on one slut, slowly but thoroughly
fucked Tania. It took him half an hour, but he was in heaven.

&nbsp;

The party went on; they made the girls kiss and finger fuck
each other, sister-sister., mother-sister, sister- mother-sister.
Hamas was also delighted first mounting Tania and
afterwards fucking Laila. Mr. Feingold, blowed by Alyssa got the whole event on tape. 

&nbsp;

The poor girls had been degraded from girls, to sluts and
finally to bitches. Finally Erwin made them kneel in attention to explain their
new life from now on.

&nbsp;

Laila and Tania were to become �Hamas�� official bitches, and whenever they heard it bark
they had to strip naked and crawl across the street to offer their bitchy cunts to it. In the open, in Mr. Feingold�s garden all the
neighbors would witness the animalistic mating. �In school, dressed as slutty
as possible, they had to allow all and every indignity. From being groped and
fucked, to being exhibited and spanked, they�ll have to accept it all. To
insure it would be like this both would get a micro-implant which worked as the
helmets.

&nbsp;

Alyssa was to become the Slut. She was to throw a big party
for the whole neighborhood and fuck all the present males. Afterwards she would
announce that from now on she was available whenever, by whomever for
whatsoever. 

&nbsp;

Mr. Grey and Mr. Grey junior got a wildcard to visit the
School as often as they wanted.

&nbsp;

To be continued� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














The new course





 
  abarguilla
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-07-19T15:04:00Z
  2006-07-19T15:04:00Z
  1
  2617
  14917
  Bytemaster, S.A.
  124
  34
  17500
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  21
  5 pt
  6.8 pt
  0
  2
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








The new course

&nbsp;

�Get ready, get set,
GO!� shouted Mr. Hurricane, at the school�s entrance. It was the sign for forty,
well equipped boys, grouped in ten teams of four members each, to leave the
school premises. Their objective was to hunt down, strip and bring as many free
women as possible. 

&nbsp;

The school�s patio was packed
with cages. These cages were the same the school used for the female dorms. They
had an adjustable opening at the top and another round opening at the bottom.
Once a woman was caged she had to squat down and stick her head out of the
upper opening, which then was adjusted to her neck, fixing it there. Their feet
got locked and her knees spread wide and fixed to the sides of her cage
permitting and inviting any contact with her sensible parts. The hands cuffed
behind, reduced them to absolute immobility.

&nbsp;

The ingenious part of these
cages was the way they piled up. In case they were piled up the caged women had
to remain there with their faces deep buried into an unknown cunt and their own
cunt on another woman�s face.

&nbsp;

Stretching the law to its
limits, but supported by it, Mr. Arthur Benson had organized these
practice-squads. 

&nbsp;

Each team had
developed their own skills of chasing, binding, stripping and training women. 

&nbsp;

The first practices of
chasing new meat, as the students called it, started just weeks after starting
that course. It was a new subject they were studying and they were eager of
learning as much as possible. 

&nbsp;

This subject was
linked to another novelty: Course of bitch trainer.

&nbsp;

Linked because these
strays they caught would become the team�s training skills representatives�. 

They, and only they,
were going to fight in the bitch league. 

It was forbidden to
join the league with regular school meat; but only to join the league.

&nbsp;

Friendly fights
were, of course, welcome; and most of the students used their female classmates
together with their mothers and sisters or even their own female relatives to
train both:

Their own training
skills and the bitches designated to fight in the league. 

&nbsp;

The first problem to
solve, howsoever, was to guarantee the supply of fresh meet, and that�s the
reason why of Mr. Hurricane�s course and these practices.

&nbsp;

For these first
practices they needed a source of fresh, but controllable meat. Mr. Hurricane
himself came up with the idea of forcing their female students to invite their
(female and pretty) overseas relatives to a knowledge-exchange stay. The male
students wrote this inviting letters with ecstatic anticipation. �

&nbsp;

�... the Benson�s school would provide accommodations, the
subjects and a lot of fun...� they wrote �...if desired a total relocation was
also possible...� Fun for whom and desired by whom, was not specified. 

&nbsp;

34 young girls
between 17 and 25 and 19 women (the oldest was just 40 y/o) showed up. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Not to spoil the fun, they firstly stayed at a hotel in the outskirts,
until all of them had arrived. Than, one Saturday, a bus picked them up and
brought them to school.

&nbsp;

They had chosen a Saturday to avoid any contact with the female students.
�

&nbsp;

Mr. Benson offered them the welcome tea, just in case the students
failed, and hold a short speech.

&nbsp;

�My dear ladies, this school is proud of its knowledge in very important
themes� He had started and went on talking �...we thank you for coming and hope
you�ll be able to prove your value during our courses.� He finished his speech
and asked Mr. Hurricane to start the real class.

&nbsp;

Applause. It was far more
enthusiastic from the School boys than from the bitches, ah, sorry, guests.

&nbsp;

�Hi, I�m Harkin Hurricane and I would like to start these
knowledge-exchange stays with a highly topical subject: Sexual Abuse.� He
waited a moment and went on.

&nbsp;

�Here you�ll learn about it and how to deal with it. Now I would like to
ask all our guests to join me, one by one in my office for a small face to face
talk regarding this subject.�

&nbsp;

When Veronica Bauer, the last woman, finally entered his office she got
a shock.

&nbsp;

Cleanly rowed up, collared to the wall, naked, chained and gagged 104 horrified
eyes met hers. 

&nbsp;

To reduce 53 strong, young and healthy women could be a problem, but to
catch them one by one was dead easy.

&nbsp;

As soon as they entered the office, Mr. Hurricane cut off their air
supply, and then four Benson boys prepared them. They were cuffed and collared,
then stripped by means of a scissor and then, before allowing them again to
breathe, gagged.

&nbsp;

The attacked woman had not even time to think, let alone to struggle,
before she was reduced to just a packet of meat with cunt and tits.

&nbsp;

The team changed every five catches and marked the girls as theirs, with
a small tag fixed to the collar.

&nbsp;

The last three, Veronica Bauer inclusive, got a collar marked with HH
and would be hunted and trained by Mr. Hurricane himself. 

&nbsp;

Mr. Hurricane was the Benson�s School last acquisition.

He was strong as an Oak, but not the body-builder style.

Once, caught in a snowstorm, he heaved his Cadillac out of the snow with
three passengers still in it!

&nbsp;

His CV was also colorful, to say the least. Graduated cum laude in 

Psychiatry he started working in Chile, during Pinochet�s regime.

&nbsp;

Ten years later he was signed up by the FBI. 

&nbsp;

His last works had been in Afghanistan and Guantanamo, with excellent results, according to the documents he provided. 

&nbsp;

�The lasts will be the firsts� Mr. Hurricane paraphrased the bible and
picked up an absolutely bewildered and just processed Veronica Bauer to lead
her into the gym where everybody was waiting. 

&nbsp;

This German beauty, 24 y/o, 6 feet tall, 138 pounds, blue eyes and
blond (true blond as all students could now easily verify) was utterly ashamed.
Here she stood, naked, chained, collared and gagged in a room full of men.

&nbsp;

She, Veronica Bauer, she who when making love asked her boyfriend to
switch of the light; She was now being ogled by hundreds of lusty eyes unable
to hide away her charms. 

&nbsp;

�I�m sure� Mr. Hurricane started �our beloved Veronica will run as fast
as she can if given the possibility of escape� 

&nbsp;

Veronica nodded. 

&nbsp;

�With legs like these...� he said grabbing her left thigh with his right
hand. 

&nbsp;

She had strong, well formed legs. His hand pressed on her powerful thigh
feeling her muscles beneath,

&nbsp;

�Oh, my god he�s touching my leg...�Veronica blushed. �He�s feeling it
up, stop, stop...�

&nbsp;

�...she�ll run to protect...�he went on spacing his words still with his
hand on her thigh

&nbsp;

�...a cunt like this one� he finished; and without further ado he cupped
her blond cunt with his left hand, pressing his middle finger deep into her
slit.�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

After pinching her nipple he subdued her with an unbelievable easiness.
Having tortured female bodies he knew far too well how to hurt and where to
press, to make a woman as obedient as a lap dog. 

&nbsp;

For the audience it became clear that their teacher would be difficult
to beat when it comes to reducing women to simple commodities.

&nbsp;

Miss Bauer on the other hand was suffering a real nightmare. In less
than an hour she had been degraded from respected guest to naked fuck-doll and
to worsen things she was permitting any liberty this man publicly wanted to
take with her body, just to avoid pain.

&nbsp;

The pain she avoided was so horrible that, of course, she permitted any
action taken on her body, disregarding how humiliating it may be. 

&nbsp;

Harkin had a small hooked metal-thorn fixed to his thumb. When pinching
her nipple he skillfully stuck it into her tit hooking her nipple-nerve with
it. Then with the slightest of his thumb�s movements he was able to produce
infernal tons of pain.

&nbsp;

Veronica Bauer opened her legs, fucked herself on his fingers and
kneeled submissive with wide spread legs at his feet with the only purpose of
pleasing him; displeasing him was equal to horrible hurting herself. 

&nbsp;

In one hour he paraded a naked Veronica, made her show her cunt, offer
it to male students for them to feel it up and finished making her walk on her
fours like the bitch she was for sure becoming.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Next day, with all the guests neatly caged, Mr. Harkin Hurricane was
going to show how to chase and strip women. 

&nbsp;

For this purpose he allowed Miss Bauer, Miss Ribeiro
and Miss Botchkareva to fully dress.

&nbsp;

Veronica Bauer knew what to expect if getting caught again.

&nbsp;

Maria Ribeiro had spent the night sniffing a
cunt and had decided this was the last night she�d spent in that horrible cage.
This 19 y/o Brazilian beauty, who normally shaved her cunt, had incredible long
legs.

&nbsp;

Her ass was second to none; her breasts seemed taken out of a playboy
magazine and her face transmitted a savage eroticism.

If prized with Miss Brazil it would
surprise nobody.

&nbsp;

The third bitch to be released was Ms. Tatiana Botchkareva,
34 y/o.

&nbsp;

She lived in Moscow but was originally from Murmansk. Blond, almost
white hair she�d got an athletic body and was very strong minded.

&nbsp;

Divorced and without kids she decided to come just for fun. 

&nbsp;

Well, it would be fun seeing her in a bitch fight, yes, it would be fun,
reducing her to a simple pet; oh how fun it could be degrading her, showing her
off, mating her with (other) dogs. Yes, if she came for fun, she did right.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Just by his equipment Mr. Hurricane showed he is a true professional. 

&nbsp;

30 minutes after releasing his preys he opened his briefcase and told
the team�s captains the items he was going to use.

&nbsp;

Mr. Hurricane produced a flat screen with a radar dish �This is a cunt-localizer.
It�s used together with that brain-wave-controller� he said showing a
radio-like apparatus.

&nbsp;

�Once we�ve scanned the available cunts we can
link both devices and then with our BWC (brain-wave-controller) he said showing
that radio-like apparatus we�ll be able to modify her emotional thoughts� he
turned a knob and explained...

&nbsp;

Maria started sweating, Tatiana crying and Veronica squatted down and
covering her head with both her arms she tried to disappear. 

&nbsp;

They felt fear. They were absolutely terrified. They weren�t afraid of
being caught, or raped or even killed, no, they just felt naked terror; pure
dread, unbearable panic.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The hunt was short but very instructive. Harkin and the 10 boys mounted
two Jeeps to hunt down their preys. The first cunt they found turned out to be
Miss Maria Ribeiro�s one.

&nbsp;

She was exhausted from running but when she saw the Jeep she turned
around to face her chasers and fight them. 

&nbsp;

Even sweating as she was, she looked astonishing. Like a TV-spot her
long black hairs whirled in the soft wind, through her flimsy dress her strong
legs were clearly visible and due to the effort her powerful bosom didn�t stop
moving up and down.

&nbsp;

Harkin quietly descended the car and called:

&nbsp;

�Maria heel� The Jeep laughed.

&nbsp;

�Fuck you� answered the bitch-to-be between her teeth, moving in circles
ready to fight.

&nbsp;

�Of course you are going to fuck me, these nice boys and whoever you are
told� Harkin answered without loosing his good mood �but now heel� 

&nbsp;

He was pointing at her with a pen-like item and when pronouncing his
second �heel�, he pressed a button.

&nbsp;

�AAAUUUUIIIIIIII� Maria bent forward with both her hands between her
legs. 

&nbsp;

�This� Explained Mr. Hurricane to his pupils �is a clit-burner. It works
in the same way a microwave oven works only that it�s specifically focused on
the female�s most tender flesh�

&nbsp;

Again he pressed the button and again Miss Ribeiro
shrieked and jumped in pain.

&nbsp;

�Maria heel�

&nbsp;

�No, please, not again� whimpered Maria. Lost was all her temper,
subdued her spirit.

&nbsp;

�AAAUUUUIIIIIIII�

&nbsp;

�Maria strip!�

&nbsp;

�Yes, yes, sorry, just a moment� Hastily her hands tried to fulfill the
order.

&nbsp;

Her clit was literally burning. The device could fry it, cook it, boil
it, but Mr. Hurricane only wanted to make her submit.

&nbsp;

The boys cheered and applauded when her tits appeared.

&nbsp;

She felt utterly ashamed, not only cause of stripping naked, but cause of the few resistance she was offering.

&nbsp;

�You see Maria, a good bitch should always be
naked. Don�t you agree� Harkin asked pointing at her with the clit-burner, but
without pressing any button.

&nbsp;

�Yes, yes, always� Maria looked at that device in sheer horror. She
would agree to kill her own mother if it avoided another shot.

&nbsp;

Once she was stark naked, Mr. Hurricane politely asked her to jump into
the Jeep for the boys to play a little bit with their new pet.

&nbsp;

Miss Ribeiro looked at the Jeep, than at
Harkin, again at the greedy boys to finally look at the clit-burner. Feeling
utterly abased she walked towards the Jeep where hands immediately help her to
climb in. Some hands heaved her by her cunt, pressing fingers into her, others
pulled on her powerful ass, more hands guided her by
her tits or stretching her nipples. There was even a friendly boy who pulled
her nose.

&nbsp;

Whilst hunting down the second cunt Maria was abused without end. 

&nbsp;

Menaced by the clit-burner she gave blowjobs, tried to jerk off the boys,
fucked herself on their cocks and even barked� for their amusement.

&nbsp;

�Maria my cock is waiting�

&nbsp;

�Yes sorry� and her mouth went on it.

&nbsp;

�Move that ass, bitch� she heard feeling two hard slaps. She opened her
legs knowing someone was going to fuck her.

&nbsp;

�Better get fucked than fucked up� a boy menaced whilst cupping her
shaven cunt from behind.

&nbsp;

�Hey, the bitch is wet� Another voices toned.

&nbsp;

�Of course she is� Mr. Hurricane intervened. Once a bitch gets caught
she can�t do anything to prevent nature. If you treat her like the bitch in
heat she is, she can�t hide her true nature.

&nbsp;

If anyone ever died of shame, Maria would have. Not only they were degrading,
abusing, molesting and raping her, no �they are makiiiiiing
me cuuuuuuuummmmm.�

&nbsp;

Laughter, applause, spankings. The bitch cum.

&nbsp;

�Thank for it� Mr. Hurricane ordered.

&nbsp;

�Thank you for making me cum� Her voice denoted that all resistance was
gone. She�d lost the battle.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The second cunt belonged to Tatiana.

&nbsp;

When Miss Botchkareva saw Mr. Hurricane
descending the Jeep with Maria, naked on her fours collared and leashed meekly
following him, she knew she was lost.

&nbsp;

Tatiana was also exhausted, but the picture of Miss Ribeiro
devastated her more than any physical effort. 

&nbsp;

Harkin slowly approached and she was afraid he was going to beat her,
but suddenly he shouted:

&nbsp;

�attack� and it was Miss Ribeiro
who growling jumped on her and menaced to bite her throat when she fell to
floor. 

&nbsp;

In just 30 min. he had been able to make Maria behave as a bitch. Maria
knew that failing to her new mission would be unbearable painful.

&nbsp;

With Maria over her laying position Harkin ordered her to first strip
her panties off. 

&nbsp;

Tatiana couldn�t believe she was going to bare her most private part
just because a crazy woman was behaving as a bitch. With a burning clit and one
hurtful bite later she hastily stripped.

&nbsp;

Tatiana found her place in the second Jeep. Never, in her whole life
she�d been more molested or touched with less respect, but never she�d felt the
horniness she was feeling. 

&nbsp;

Traveling in the nude, collared as a bitch, in a car full of erect cocks
somehow appealed her.

&nbsp;

Degraded and fucked to the utmost she also learned that or she behaved
as a bitch or for dinner she�ll eat burned clit, her own burned clit.� When the third cunt appeared on the horizon
both bitches knew what to do.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The spectacle was superb. 

&nbsp;

Two pretty naked woman with everything on show stripping and degrading a
third one. 

&nbsp;

Veronica was trying to fight to naked human bitches with her naked
hands.

&nbsp;

She tried to talk to them, but got no answer, too exhausted to run the
only choice was to fight.

&nbsp;

Maria growled and jumped on her; Tatiana caught a leg and bit it.

&nbsp;

One hour later Miss Bauer crawled naked next to Miss Ribeiro
and Miss Botchkareva.

&nbsp;

They had managed to strip her and forced her to make her crawl like a
bitch without talking to her.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

After that demonstration of handling women, the teams started training
with the other guests. 

&nbsp;

In less then one week 53 former proud and independent women were running
naked on their fours on the school facilities. Everybody who felt like it could
pet, molest or fuck them.

�

Some got brands on their asses with nicks such as �slutty�,
�auntie� or �cunty�.

&nbsp;

They were joining the league with these nicks,
they were becoming a bitch called that.

&nbsp;

Their real names were no important any more, they belonged to a now and
forever unachievable past.

&nbsp;

�Auntie� was a pretty 29 y/o pocket Venus. Petite, blond, graceful she
had often made her nephew dream about her. An it had
been her nephew who invited her, later chased and molested her and was now
training her. 

&nbsp;

He loves to bring her home and make her fight his mother (her sister) whilst
getting a blowjob from his own sister.

&nbsp;

The loser of these combats, his mother more and more, had to run on the
street, look for the first dog and incite him to mount her. 

&nbsp;

The neighbor�s kids somehow found out and whenever they saw �auntie�
coming from school they started walking their dogs.

&nbsp;

It was utterly degrading for this housewife to make a dog mount her in
midst of a group of cheering neighborhood kids, witnessing the animalistic
spectacle. Kids who should respectfully greet her, shouted things she hadn�t
even heard in porno movies.

&nbsp;

They, of course, felt free of groping or kicking her.

&nbsp;

To be continued�

�

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Woolfighter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





