BDSM Library - Encounter With Destiny - Organization Series 5




Encounter With Destiny - Organization Series 5
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The prequel to 2nd Chance - part of the Organization Series.
ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - PART 1
(Prequel to 2nd Chance)

By slave ruthie

He turned up the collar of his thick, warm coat against the November wind and
glanced up into the chilly London night sky.  He knew the security car with its
nervous occupants was discreetly tailing him.  The looks of dismay on their
faces when he declared his intention to walk back to the Organization's club in
Westminster was so predictable - as if some hapless mugger would stand a chance
if he was foolish enough to accost him!  While he wandered through the wet
streets, Stephen thought of the last few hours and tried to clear his head. 
After that meeting with the Albanian brothers, he felt somehow dirtied.  They
were so vile - the tall one who smiled but had such dead eyes, and the younger
one whose voice was nothing more than a cold whisper.  Yes, they could deliver
any number of fresh and beautiful illegal immigrant girls.  Yes, any nationality
or race that was required.  Yes, innocent and untouched or ready-broken and
trained.  But they wanted paid in diamonds, membership of the Organization AND
United States citizenships!  The last demand really stuck in Stephen's throat
but he had reluctantly agreed.  After all, it was the best way to reign in their
murderous gang.  The Albanians' ruthless trafficking of desperate human cattle
throughout Europe had become so large, so efficient, and so deadly - how many
had paid all their precious savings and started their hopeful journeys only to
disappear 'in transit' without trace?  And now the brothers were dealing in
heavy weaponry and fissionable material stolen from the corrupt nations of the
old Soviet Union.  Giving them access to the Organization's slaves would exact a
heavy toll - the Albanian brothers were renowned for sharing in the violation
and slow torture of young teenage girls until they begged for death to escape
their ruined agony.  But what was the price of a few girls' lives when compared
with the risk of nuclear war? 

What he needed right now was a good cup of coffee.  Not much chance of that -
nobody in London seemed capable of making one and he couldn't stand their crazy
obsession with damned English tea.  A crippled, unkempt old woman hobbled past,
nearly knocking against him as she mumbled some insane words.  Stephen took a
note from his wallet and held it out to her.  The wizened face that peered up
into his own seemed to change in the street light  - as though you could also
see the child she had once been...and the beautiful woman hidden when age and
infirmity had overtaken her body.  With remarkable speed, she snatched the note
and nodded before moving off.  Christ, this was a lousy neighborhood.  He nearly
walked past the all-night cafe but a sudden gust of chill wind drove him back to
the door.  What a dump - no wonder I am the only customer!  Picking a table with
the cleanest looking cloth, he sat down and waited.  A man's raised voice came
from the kitchen.  Whoever was shouting, he sounded livid to the point where
every other word uttered was obscene.  There was a smacking noise then the
kitchen door burst open.  A young woman came fleeing into the cafe, covering her
face with her hands.  She disappeared from view beneath the counter.  Stephen
listened to her terrified sobbing for a few minutes before deciding it was time
to leave.  As he scraped the chair back, the woman - barely more than a girl -
stood up and studied him mournfully from across the room.  A tiny trickle of
blood was still running from her nose.  "I don't suppose I can get a coffee
around here..."

"Uhh, ohh...sorry I, sorry sir but I didn't see you waiting."  He smiled and
reached for the door handle.  She grabbed a menu and came rushing over. 
"Please, I mean please...you don't have to go sir."  He looked down into her
desperate, pleading eyes.  "Please let me get you a coffee, before he hears you
left without being served!"  Her hand involuntarily moved up to the reddening
mark on her face.

"Sure, why not - a strong coffee then, no cream.  Unless you do espresso?"  He
was rewarded with a brilliant smile and a single nod before she dashed back to
the counter.  Stephen sat back down and watched her work.  She was a small,
unremarkable girl of perhaps sixteen or seventeen.  Her mousy colored hair was
cut too short for his taste.  But she was almost pretty in an elfin sort of
way...kind of interesting, actually.  When she brought over the tiny steaming
cup, he smiled.  His eyebrows lifted in pleasant surprise as he sipped the
coffee.  It was damned good!   As the girl placed the tab on the table, he
quickly grabbed hold of her thin wrist, making her gasp.  "You'd better get that
burn seen to, miss."

She stared down in dismay at the angry red line across the back of her hand. 
"Please...please don't say anything to him, please sir.  I..."  

The American stranger released her and nodded then stunned her by placing a
twenty-pound note into her hand.  "That isn't for the coffee - which is
excellent by the way - that is for you."  He drained the cup, left some loose
change to cover the bill and went through the door.  He paused outside and
watched through the window as the girl picked up the coins and made her way back
to the counter.  Then the owner, a fat scowling man, suddenly appeared and
snatched the note from the poor girl's grasp, back-handing her hard across the
head.  Somehow, Stephen fought down the urge to go back in and beat the guy to a
pulp.  Instead, he slowly walked across to the waiting limousine with an idea
forming in his mind.  "I'm taking a cab back, gentlemen."  He raised his hand to
silence their protest.  "And I've got a little job for you here.  There's a
young waitress in that cafe - track her, see she gets back to her home safely
and profile her for imminent collection."  Yes, she would be adequate as a house
slave but not pretty enough for anything else.  "Oh, and see that the cafe owner
ends up in hospital for a while - do a good job, gentlemen!"  He grinned at the
feral hungry look on their faces.  "I want the girl collected tomorrow night -
let's show the Brits how to stalk and capture quarry in their own backyard!"

One of the guards cleared his throat.  "But Sir, you're due at the NATO summit
in Brussels tomorrow morning."

Stephen looked at him with a deadpan expression.  "They can hardly start without
me, can they?  Besides, surely I am allowed to collect a souvenir from 'little
old England' before we go back to Belgium?  The Chateau can always find room for
an extra slave."   He paused to give further instructions to the oldest guard
then flagged down a passing cab and left the chuckling men to their night's
work.

*****

Alexa sighed and tried to forget about the nice American's generous tip.  But
that twenty would have let her buy a CD for her cousins - both Nikki and Julie
absolutely loved Britney Spears and couldn't afford her latest album since Aunt
Faye had to give up work after her accident.  Oh, why was Mr Warren so horrible
all the time?  Her hand still hurt where he'd jammed the hot pan lid down when
she was washing up.  But she wouldn't cry, she wouldn't give him the
satisfaction of seeing her tears...and if he tried to put his hand up between
her legs again she would tell Aunt Faye - he was a dirty, horrible man and she
wished she didn't owe him so much money for that room.  Alexa couldn't
understand how the electricity bill was so high - she hardly spent any time in
the flat above the shop he also owned because he kept her working in the cafe so
long.  She tried so hard not to hate anybody but with him it was very difficult. 
Oh, it must be after one o'clock - now she would only get a few hours sleep
before starting her next job at the shop.  Something made her turn around.  But
there was no one else in the dark street.  Funny, she had felt certain she
wasn't alone...

*****

"Sir, are you sure about this one?  She's not exactly what you'd call..."

"Are you questioning my taste or my judgment?"

"Uh, no sir.  Its just that..."

Stephen looked at the guard as his voice trailed off into a mumbled apology. 
"This girl is adequate material.  She may not have the looks or figure of a
pleasure-slave but she'll make one hell of a house-slave AND she knows how to
make a proper espresso!  Besides, who knows, perhaps she'll scrub up really
well."  That brought a chuckle from one of the older, more experienced men.  He
returned to the hastily assembled profile.  "Is this all you have on her - no
school reports, no medical notes, very thin background research..." So she was
called Alexa.  Hmm, just turned eighteen...living alone above a store -
excellent!   This was much more interesting than spending the whole day looking
at Strategic Intelligence Systems!  Funny how the girl's face kept interrupting
his train of thought during meetings - must be boredom as she was certainly no
sex kitten.  Stephen closed the folder and looked up at one of the men.  "I see
you followed my instructions to the letter - Good.  Your team is in place?  What
time is the collection?"

"Everything's set for 2 am Sir - the owner has been dealt with as you requested
and we have her under constant surveillance."  The older guard waited for
further instructions.

" So...we go tonight then.  Have me collected in good time, please."  The guard
raised a questioning eyebrow.  "Oh, I fancy joining the hunt this time - it's
been a long while since I led a Snatch Squad.  Besides, the girl...amuses me." 
No, he suddenly realized - this slip of a girl actually intrigues me!

*****

"But I don't understand..." Alexa gaped at her colleague in the general store. 
Mrs Khindria shrugged her shoulders and grinned back.  "He's given me the night
off and all this money!"  She clutched the bundle of ten pound notes and read
the badly scrawled letter again, still unable to believe what Mr Warren had
apparently written.

"Young 'Lexa, nobody can understand that disgusting man - maybe it is guilt for
how badly he is treating you.  Now you go, you take the whole day off here too -
I will cover for you.  Go on, RUN girl!"  She watched the elated young creature
as she skipped happily out into the sunshine.  You do not smile enough, she
thought.  You deserve more from life, little 'Lexa.  Mrs Khindria had omitted to
tell her young friend that her boss had been found behind the cafe in the early
hours of the morning.  He had been so badly beaten that the policeman thought
every bone in his arms and legs were fractured.  Why spoil her happiness with
bad news...or was it Karma that the girl's tormentor had been attacked and
punished?  She whispered a prayer of thanks to Maha Devi and asked the Mother
Goddess to bless and protect Alexa - that poor white girl needed all the help
she could get!

It was the best day she had experienced for as long as she could remember. 
Alexa had spent the morning shopping - not just wistfully looking at things she
could never afford but actually handing over the cash and buying them!  Oh, she
was still careful though.  There was enough for a new pair of sneakers, a little
denim jacket, and a pair of gloves with a matching scarf for her aunt, the CD
for her cousins and two mobile phones so Nikki and Julie could safely contact
their mum any time!  She surprised her disabled aunt by arriving with enough
food for a delicious lunch and plenty for a big meal later.  The afternoon
slipped by helping with the housework.  Then came the delight of watching her
young cousins' faces light up with joy when they came in from school to their
gifts.  Alexa was sorry to leave in the evening but promised to return as soon
as she could. 

On the way home she had that funny feeling again, as if there was somebody
watching her.  But she didn't feel afraid - it was very strange because she felt
safer than normal in the dark streets.  Just ahead, she could see that poor old
lady was still wandering aimlessly around in search of food and shelter. 
Alexa's heart sank - she always sneaked some of the unwanted cakes and
sandwiches to give them to this pathetic creature but she hadn't been at the
all-night cafe so had nothing for her.  The old beggar-woman was shambling
nearer - what could she give...OH!  Alexa took the last of the money she had
been keeping to buy some chocolate and pressed the coins into her aged,
outstretched hand.  "Umm, its all I've got, sorry!"  The old woman's face lit up
like a delighted, innocent child and she gratefully babbled something in the
crazy made-up language she was always muttering.  Alexa smiled in sympathy and
rushed homeward.  Had she lingered, she would have been stunned to see the
crippled old woman suddenly stand tall and proud, with a knowing, satisfied
expression on her smooth regal brow as she watched her young benefactor
disappear from view.  Then she retreated into the nearest doorway to quietly
observe the approaching men who were tracking the girl...

A tired but happy Alexa treated herself to a long shower and quickly got herself
ready for sleep.   As she curled up in bed with the new jacket cradled in her
arms, she couldn't help smiling at the memory of Nikki and Julie whooping with
delight when they opened their presents...

*****

"Graham, be gentle with this one please.  Make it a quick, clean capture."  Now
why did I feel the need to say all that?  Stephen sat in the back of the limo
and looked up at the unlit window of the girl's room.  She's only going to be
another slave, so why am I so interested?  They're taking one hell of a long
time...no, they're doing it by the book because I am here - I should have left
it to them and stayed at the Club. 

*****

She didn't hear them, didn't know they were standing over her bed, didn't
realize her last few moments of freedom were gone for good...

...Pressing!  Holding me down!  My legs - can't get away...my wrists being held
HARD!  Alexa mewed in shock and distress as a thick rubber mask covered her
mouth and nose.  She could hear the faint hissing of gas - she twisted her head
but they were gripping her hair...mustn't breathe in!  M-mustn't...C-CAN'T!...

But she HAD to inhale - the pain in her chest was too great.  She looked up with
desperate, imploring eyes into the face of the man who patiently held the mask
firmly in place - he was smiling!  In a sudden, ragged gasp, Alexa filled her
lungs with the pungent antiseptic-smelling fumes then slipped out of
consciousness even as she exhaled...

There was always something rather pathetic about seeing a newly captured slave
being carried over a guard's shoulder.  And this one looked all the more frail
and vulnerable due to her slight build and shabby nightdress.  Stephen wound
down the limo's window and called the guard over from the rear of the 4X4.  "Not
in the cage - in here with me, please.  No need for the tranquilizer either -
just a ball-gag, a leash...and a pair of scissors."  He would see to her
personally.  It was unusual for him to take any interest in a new slave but
there was something about this girl - something he could not quite figure out. 
The cleaners emerged with two half-filled black sacks for incineration - not
much to show for her life.  The girl lay unconscious on the spacious floor of
the limo, oblivious for the time-being of her predicament, of the locked steel
fetters around her ankles that were hobbled together, of the cuffs that pinned
her wrists together behind her back, of the heavy steel collar around her throat
that was linked by a short chain to her manacles.  He accepted the extra
articles from the guard and signaled his driver to move off. 

The scissors were hardly necessary as her cotton nightdress almost fell apart -
it was so threadbare and faded.  What delightfully small, pert breasts - she was
so thin her ribs were clearly outlined but the girl's skin was flawless.  One
snip through either side of her panties and she finally lay naked before him. 
Stephen leaned down and pushed her limp thighs apart.  The barest wisp of ginger
fur covered the girl's pubic bone - it felt soft and inviting when he
thoughtfully stroked her cunt.  She's not what I expected, this Alexa - quite a
cute little creature up close.  The outer lips appear well formed and full...
Hmm, I wonder...  He peeled her labia apart and noted with satisfaction the
perfect symmetry of her pink inner petals and the exquisitely pronounced ridge
of her partially erect clit - she would easily take a lateral 10-guage ring
through her tiny member.  This girl continues to delight and interest me!  He
slid his middle finger along the line of her cleft.  She gave out a tiny sigh
but did not move.  He pushed his middle finger deeper until it was probing
inside her vagina.  She was very wet!  And he could feel her muscles faintly
contracting against the intruder.  What if I... He lifted up his hand and rubbed
his moistened finger inside her mouth.  She mewed very softly, beginning to come
round, and licked her lips.  As her eyes flickered and her shocking predicament
burst into her consciousness, she opened her mouth and gasped.  But he was ready
with the ball gag before she could make the first fearful cry.  By the time she
had stiffened and begun pulling desperately against the cuffs, he had the gag
tightly buckled behind her head.  Alexa's eyes searched wildly about the
luxuriously upholstered limousine, taking in everything and quickly realizing
that she was naked, trapped and utterly helpless! 

The American man from the cafe!  M-my clothes!  Ohhh NOOOOOOO!!!  She struggled
back as far away from him as she could possibly get, drawing her knees up to
hide her bare breasts from his eyes in shame and fear.  He didn't even pay any
attention to her and poured himself a drink from a small cabinet.  Her fingers
tested every inch of the steel around her wrists.  When she tried to pull her
hands down below the small of her back something hard pulled upwards under her
chin!  It... ohhh PLEASE, ohhh is it really th-there?  She knew she was in
chains and wore a metal collar around her throat.  Her tongue felt against the
round object wedged behind her teeth - no matter how hard she tried to force it
out, it wouldn't budge!  In confusion and shock, Alexa gave in to her emotions
and began to mew piteously.  Nobody would save her - nobody would help her and
they were going to hurt her, t-to rape her and th-then they w-would kill her!

The American just sat looking at her.  Then he leaned forward and clipped a
leather dog leash to the front of her collar!  Alexa shivered uncontrollably and
began to keen in greater distress.  "Hush, girl.  Hush, little Alexa."  Oh my
Lady - he knows my name!  "You are safe - you have never been so safe in your
whole life as now."  His calm words made her stop wailing but she was still so
very afraid!  "And you can forget about your boss - that creep will never come
near you again, you have my promise on that."  She visibly shuddered at the
reference to the man who had abused her then given her all that money.  Stephen
loosely held the leash and pondered as he examined her.  The naked kneeling girl
eyed him warily back.  This is a critical moment - she will either resist and
withdraw in denial of her new status or...  He gently patted his thigh, not
taking his eyes off her face - would she come to heel?

Alexa looked up at her captor and watched his hand move.  But he wasn't pulling
her closer - surely he didn't really mean...OHHHH!  Something suddenly BURNED in
her heart - an insane desire t-to...t-to...

Her faltering movement nearly made him smile but that would have been wrong. 
This slip of a girl had cautiously crept closer, close enough to satisfy his
command but then she looked down at his thigh.  She paused, let out a tiny moan
and started lowering her head towards his leg!  My God - she's such a pure
natural submissive!  He kept very still - any sudden movement right now might
scare the girl and he wanted to see how far she would submit.  But she had
frozen, obviously shocked by her own actions.  Such a pity, he thought, for a
moment it seemed she was actually going to do it... Alexa gave out a tiny,
strangled sob and looked up directly into his eyes, as though she was seeking
reassurance or permission!  Despite his best intentions, Stephen smiled and
nodded.  Very slowly, this remarkable, trembling creature moved her face closer
until her cheek pressed against his thigh.  She had done it!  He had never seen
a girl submit so readily or so rapidly before - and she was doing so without
being broken and trained!  He hesitated then gently placed his hand on her head
and began to stroke her hair.  She was crying softly but did not flinch or pull
back.  My God - she's begun to imprint herself to me!  Stephen was stunned -
this wasn't what he had planned at all.  I have no need of a personal
slave...she is not my type, not what I'm attracted to...she is only supposed to
be a welcome diversion from my busy schedule.  But his hand betrayed him by
straying down the back of her head, his fingers automatically sliding under the
rear of her collar, finding their rightful place as he firmly gripped the steel
band around the neck of a newly mastered girl.  Damn, what am I doing? 

He kept his voice low and as casual as possible.  "And did you enjoy your day
off, little slave?"  A violent shudder ran through the naked, chained creature
but she did not draw back, did not recoil at the word 'slave' - no, she had even
whispered a barely audible 'esss' past the ball gag and kept her head resting on
his thigh.  She was amazing - he had NEVER seen a girl accept bondage so
readily, so rapidly as this one.  Her small hands were fingering the steel cuffs
around her wrists but she wasn't trying to free herself - she seemed to be
stroking the rough metal as if it was expensive jewelry!  Stephen thought for
moment then reached down and loosened the buckle at the rear of the gag strap. 
"I don't think we need this now, do we little slave."  She lifted her head to
let the ball fall from her mouth then immediately lowered it again.  "What's
that?  What did you say, Alexa?" 

This was usually when a girl would beg, plead, demand or even threaten in a
desperate attempt to be freed.  She would promise not to tell if they would only
let her go...or that a ransom would be paid...or even that her family would
exact revenge...but the girl who knelt on the limousine's thickly carpeted floor
repeated the word he had totally disbelieved the first time - she had whispered
'sorry'!  He was completely unprepared for this,.  "'Sorry'? Why are you sorry,
slave?"

Again, the naked girl showed no adverse reaction to being called a slave. 
"F-for n-not being p-pretty enough..." 

My God, she meant it!  This was no thinly veiled attempt at winning praise -
those tears were genuine remorse that she would not be good enough for him!  He
put just enough disapproval into his voice to mask the tenderness he felt toward
this surprising girl - she needed to hear that he remained in firm control.  "A
slave should never doubt the choice of a Master - you will not be warned about
this again, Alexa.  Do not question my judgment about whether you are pretty
enough to serve, unless you want to be severely punished!"  Damn it, she isn't
plain after all - she'd look fairly acceptable with her hair longer and a bit
more flesh on those bones.  In fact she is quite pleasing to the eye now that
she has been properly collared and fettered.  Stephen pressed the intercom and
spoke to the chauffeur.  "Maurice, just drive about for a bit will you - I want
to spend some time with this one.  Tell Heathrow Control to hold the flight
until I am ready."  He returned his attention to the girl who was looking at him
with a mixture of awe and uncertainty.  "You don't seem very shocked by all of
this, Alexa - its almost as though you expected to be here."

Ohh, how could she tell him - this man wouldn't understand.  He would think she
was crazy.  "Please..."

"'Please master', slave."

"P-please...m-master, ,I, uhh...I mean umm the dream...been here b-before..." 
He was looking down at her with a puzzled expression.  "I...kept dreaming I was
wearing umm a c-collar but I always w-woke up b-before..."  She gave up trying
to explain - it was useless.

"Do you mean you have been a slave in the past?  You haven't slipped your leash
I hope."  No, it did not make any sense - she could not have been owned by the
Organization without being branded and she was neither pierced nor marked. 
Besides, in the near half-century of the Organization's history, the number of
escaped slaves could be counted on one hand...and each had been successfully
hunted down then destroyed.  "Are you into BDSM then girl - is this fetish just
a scene to you?"  But she looked up blankly as though the terms meant absolutely
nothing to her.  My God, this girl really IS a natural submissive of the highest
pedigree! 

Alexa looked up in fascination as the limousine swung past Big Ben and the
Houses of Parliament.  She should be terrified, embarrassed by her naked
vulnerability as she knelt in chains on the floor by the man's feet.  But it
felt...natural - as though she were in her rightful place and everything was all
right!  What kind of people were they who drove around in expensive cars and
could pluck a girl from her bed so ruthlessly and efficiently - why had she been
chosen - surely there must be so many other more beautiful, more desirable girls
available...so why pick her?  His earlier warning kept her from asking - she was
totally at the man's mercy and he obviously meant what he had said.   "Now, what
am I to do with you, little slave - I intended you for the kitchens or general
duties but with the correct instruction you might just be of greater value."  He
lifted her head by her chin.  "I think I shall see to your training - you will
remain at the Club until I have finished the summit and then I will take you to
the Chateau.  Hmm...parlez-vous Francais peut-etre, ma petite esclave?"

"Umm, oui m-mon Maitre - je parle un peu, s'il vous plait."

"Tres bien!  I can see there's a lot more to you than meets the eye, little
Alexa."  She glanced up at his smiling face then self-consciously lowered her
gaze rather than offend him.  He laughed and reached across to ruffle her hair. 
"Good girl.  Now we are here."  The limousine had stopped inside a covered area. 
The chauffeur had opened the door and was examining her critically.  "What do
you think of our catch, Maurice - was she worth the hunt?"  She was suddenly
overcome by shyness and tried to hide her naked body behind the American's legs. 
"Now now, little slave - you are not allowed any modesty and should always
display yourself in as pleasing a manner as possible."  Alexa searched his
expression for reassurance and somehow overcame her embarrassment.  She knelt as
straight as possible and managed a faltering smile for the chauffeur.

"She is more 'agreable' than I expected - you have made a 'bon choix', n'est pas
monsieur?"  The chauffeur's compliments made Alexa blush so intensely she felt
as if her face was on fire. 

The American was holding the ball gag in his palm.  "Time I was going, little
slave - come along, take it from my hand."  Alexa stared down at the red rubber
ball threaded on the black strap.  She knew it would be forced between her teeth
even if she resisted and she desperately wanted to please this man as much as
possible.  She parted her lips and moved her head down until the gag was pushing
against the roof of her mouth.  "Good girl - VERY good girl!"  Somehow she
didn't seem to mind the buckle being firmly tightened at the back of her neck -
his words of praise thrilled her so much.  "Now Maurice will tether you until
Security arrives.  Remember, I will be back soon so behave yourself and do not
let me down, Alexa.  I have an idea that with intensive training you could
become a most excellent acquisition!" 

She struggled out of the limousine, feeling his reassuring pat on her bare
buttocks as she attempted to step out on to the bare concrete with her fettered
ankles hobbled together.    It was so strange having to take such small paces
with her hands stuck up her back  She felt like some kind of untamed animal
being tugged forward by her collar.  The chauffeur hitched her leash to a ring
that was bolted to the wall above her head so she had no choice but to stand up
straight.  He returned to the limousine and made ready to drive off.  The
electric window at the rear door slowly moved down and the American's face
looked across at her.  Alexa couldn't help shivering - was it from cold, shock
or...excitement?!   "Now remember to show respect and obedience at all times -
be good for me, little slave!"  With that instruction, he was gone and she was
left alone... 




ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - PART 2

By slave ruthie

The sound of the rapidly departing limousine had completely trailed away.    A
heavy metallic grinding sound echoed around her as a shutter sealed her from any
possible escape.  In the empty hollow silence, Alexa realized she didn't even
know her American abductor's name.  She looked around the bare concrete walls
and shivered again - it was too cold to be standing around naked for long and
she really needed to pee.  But she was stuck - gagged, fettered and secured to a
ring several feet above her head by a leather leash from the front of the metal
collar around her neck.  Her heart was racing, beating so fiercely she could
even hear the rushing of her pulse ringing in her ears.  Why wasn't she more
frightened?  Alexa tried to make sense of her chaotic feelings - she had just
been attacked, knocked out, abducted, stripped naked, chained, and gagged!  And
yet she wasn't overwhelmed by shock or terror.  Yes, she was scared...but the
American man in the big car had affected her in a way she had never, ever
experienced before.  Alexa couldn't help feeling that something terribly
important was now connecting her to this man...something so deep, so profound,
and so special that it overrode any despair or terror in her heart.  Alexa
couldn't understand it but she somehow felt she had always known him - strange,
it was almost as if...  She suddenly began to wonder if the silly romantic
stories Aunt Faye loved to read might just be true - that there really could be
such things as love at first sight.  Ohh, it didn't make any sense - she was so
confused and uncertain and tired and cold and...and she really REALLY needed to
pee.

It felt as if she had been standing and waiting for ages and STILL nobody had
come for her.  What if she had been forgotten?  Alexa stared up at the knotted
leather leash high above her head.  If they left her until the morning, she
would become too tired to remain standing and she might choke to death!  In
rising panic at the horrible thought, she tried to twist and pull herself away
from the ring. The leather was too strong but she tried again and jerked harder
while yanking her wrists down behind her back - nothing!  She tugged again and
again, weeping in frustration and growing fear.  Finally, there was a tiny
sensation that some stitching had given way just a little...she frantically
jerked and pulled and worried at the leash until without warning it suddenly
broke at her collar, making her fall to the ground.  Luckily, her head didn't
hit the concrete but she was badly shaken and sobbed in fright.  What should she
do - wait under the ring or look for someone to take her into the warmth?  The
ground was so hard and cold - she would catch a chill if she didn't get up and
keep moving.  And she really HAD to pee.  In a daze, Alexa struggled up and
began to move around the large covered area - it was like being in a deserted
multi-story car park but she couldn't tell if she was above or below ground. 
And there were large metal doors that prevented her from leaving this level. 
Ohh, if she didn't have a pee very soon she would wet herself!  Alexa hobbled
over to a grating in the floor and tried to work out how to relieve herself - if
she knelt over the grating and leaned back? No, she'd fall and soak herself. 
Finally, Alexa squatted and tried to keep her balance while aiming but it was so
difficult with the cuffs and chains on.  Al she could do was crouch with her
ankles as far apart as the fetters would allow and keep her head right down. 
Somehow she kept herself dry but barely managed to aim the spray of hot,
steaming urine anywhere near the grate.  And she couldn't wipe herself down
below either so resorted to doing several short jumps in a feeble attempt to
shake the last drops from between her legs.  She felt like a tiny child trying
to hide an accident but knowing in her heart she would be found out and harshly
punished for being 'dirty'.  To her immense relief, the puddle wasn't directly
under a light and was slowly draining away into the grate.  If only it wasn't so
cold...all she could do was hobble aimlessly around the enclosed concrete
chamber - moving to keep warm, hoping someone would come and find her while at
the same time dreading what their arrival might bring.

*****

He must have read the same page at least four times!  The almost deserted
first-class cabin of the jet was in near darkness, save for Stephen's reading
light.  There were no distractions to blame for his lapsed concentration - damn!  
Why on earth had he allowed himself to become involved with that skinny kid from
the cafe - far too thin and plain when he could have the pick of the crop and
beautiful, compliant slave girls were in plentiful supply.  He stared down at
the critical report on hidden nuclear devices in North American cities - only a
handful had been successfully located and neutralized... the young girl's face
seemed to look up as though she knelt with her head resting in his lap.  DAMN! 
How in HELL did he become so affected by a mere kitchen-slut?  He sighed and put
down the report, knowing he would not be on best form during the crucial summit
at NATO headquarters - and the Russians would be trying every trick at their
disposal to secure the most favorable settlement before decommissioning their
'missing' ICBMs.  He lost his train of thought yet again while wondering what
was happening to his new property.  He had left strict instructions in London
that no-one should begin to break her into slavery, no-one should train her, and
that no-one should use her for sexual gratification - she was HIS to break, HIS
to train and HE ALONE would be the one who took pleasure from her body.  DAMN -
which page had he just been reading?!

*****

Alexa jumped at the sound of a lift motor from behind her - someone was coming! 
The shutter doors began to open - a large, black van came into view.  Alexa
stumbled into a shadowy corner and tried to crouch down as small as possible. 
The van had stopped next to where the remains of her leash were still hanging -
she would soon be discovered!  If she could only reach the big shutter doors
before anybody noticed, then perhaps she could escape her abductors.  She
carefully edged along the wall, staying as far back from the lights as
possible...men were shouting! 

But they weren't shouting at her - the van's rear doors were open and several
dazed, naked, chained and gagged girls were being herded towards the lift.  The
men weren't even looking in Alexa's direction - now was her chance!  She slid
through the still-open shutter entrance and trotted up the ramp as fast as the
hobble chain would allow - she was going to make it!  There was a recess ahead -
the van was coming up the ramp - she ducked out of sight just in time and leaned
against a vent blowing out stale air.  Alexa spent several minutes in the
merciful warmth trying to calm down and to think properly about what she should
do next.  She peered around the corner and saw at the end of a narrow alley that
there were people and cars in a busy street!  It was getting lighter - almost
dawn - and all she had to do was reach that street and safety.  Slowly,
carefully, she edged towards the busy street and freedom.  She would soon
attract attention - a naked girl in gag and chains would bring the London
traffic to a standstill - people would be shocked - she would be quickly covered
by a coat - the police would be called - she would eventually be taken back to
her Aunt Faye and her cousins but...she might never see that American
again...never be touched by him...never know again the emotions that had made
her feel more connected, more aroused, more ALIVE than she had ever felt before! 
A taxi had pulled over just by the entrance to the lane - a man was getting out
- he had is back to her - he was turning round - he...

Alexa crouched behind a trash container just in time but she could hear
footsteps and a kindly, educated voice asking if 'anyone was there'.  She hardly
moved, hardly breathed, wondering why on earth she had hidden.  The footsteps
receded - she was alone in the alley.  Her mind was in turmoil - WHY hadn't she
run to the stranger?  Here she was, wearing metal cuffs around her wrists and
ankles, chained and gagged, naked and...collared - COLLARED!  The dream - in the
dream she was wearing a collar and kneeling by a chair...in the recurring dream
she could almost feel a man's fingers hooked under her collar, and the
indescribably wonderful sense of peace it brought.  Her mind was screaming
DANGER, DANGER...but her heart yearned to see that man who had collared her
again.  

Alexa found herself back at the top of the ramp staring down at the metal
shutter door.  If anyone had looked, they would have seen a small, shivering
lonely figure staring one last time at the traffic rushing past the end of the
alley before turning her back on freedom and carefully hobbling her way down the
steep slope to the steel barrier and captivity.  Her head and heart fought at
every step as she swayed between dread and hope but her deep inexplicable need
to see the American's face drove her on.  There was a buzzer on the wall next to
the entrance but she couldn't possibly reach the button with her hands cuffed
behind her back.  She stood up on tiptoe and barely managed to press it with the
outer part of the ball between her lips.  For a few agonizing minutes nothing
seemed to happen - she would be denied her dream and have to seek help in the
street.  She pressed the button again and waited - still no response.  Her hands
and feet were going numb with cold and her nipples hurt in the chill air.  With
a leaden feeling in her chest, Alexa choked back a sob of forlorn despair.  Yet
again, it seemed fate had conspired to deny her what she yearned - to find where
she belonged, to feel as if she was part of somebody's life instead of forever
being on the outside.  She felt so cheated and it just wasn't fair! 

As she turned to ascend the ramp again, she heard the heavy, grinding sound of
the shutter starting to open!  Barely able to breathe, she watched the gap widen
just enough for her to pass through.  It was dark when she shuffled inside.  
Rough hands suddenly seized her arms, spinning her around.  A heavily built man
gripped and tugged up the chain between her wrists and collar, nearly choking
her so she struggled desperately on the tips of her cold toes to gasp for air. 
"So this is the bitch we couldn't find!  Not much to look at - are you?"  A very
large dog lunged at her, baring its teeth and snarling fiercely.  She squealed
in fright as the dark animal jammed its muzzle up between her legs and she tried
to squeeze her thighs shut.  "Fucking runaway slut!  Get those legs apart for
Max to learn your scent!"  He yanked hard again on her collar chain until in
misery Alexa let the dog sniff and lick her vulva.  "Max is a rape-dog, you
scrawny piece of slave-filth!  You better be nice to him now or we'll let him
play with your cunt and ass for a treat!"  The dog's grossly obscene examination
of her private parts was awful!  "Where the fuck did you hide yourself,
slave-bitch?"  He sounded more perplexed than angry.  "And how come you didn't
make a run for safety when you had the chance?  You must be the first cunt ever
who rang the doorbell to be let in!"  He was forcing her towards the lift
entrance.  The dog wouldn't leave her alone - it attacked her pussy from behind,
forcing its wet nose up between her buttocks.   "Looks like Max here's taken a
real shining to you, fuck-slut. Can't think why - there's no meat on you at all. 
Tell you what..."  The man took out a length of heavy chain and attached one end
to the dog's collar before joining the other end to the band around Alexa's
neck.  "...you can just tag along with him while he does his rounds!"  The dog
paced around in the lift, growling and snarling at a terrified Alexa while the
guard removed the hobble chain but left her ankles fettered.  "Now don't you
hold Max back - he'll take you on a little tour of the lower facilities."  The
lift doors slid open to reveal a harshly lit corridor.  With a sharp swat across
her naked backside, Alexa was propelled towards the dog that bared his teeth at
her and took off at such a fast pace that she had to run to keep up.  As she was
pulled along, she heard his cruel laughter.  "And don't touch anything - though
I doubt you'll want to, skinny little fuck-slut!"

*****

"Mr. Chairman?"

"What?"

"Err, the agreement - do you endorse Major Yasov's proposal to exchange hidden
warheads on a city-by-city basis?"  The translator looked puzzled and slightly
embarrassed.  She was quite a pretty creature - not at all like his new sl...

Stephen looked at the expectant faces around the conference table.  The Russian
negotiator was grinning and noisily shuffling his papers.  "Ah - the
agreement....of course, our esteemed Russian colleague is correct.  We will
start with the location of our bomb in Murmansk."

Yasov cleared his throat.  "Stephen, my friend, we have known about that device
for years."

"No, not the small one we left for the KGB to discover - I am referring to the
second device...the Neutron bomb."  There were gasps of shock from  Russian and
NATO negotiators - this wasn't supposed to happen!  "Ahhh - Oleg, you mean your
people didn't know?  We only wanted to take out your personnel - not the
facilities."  One of the British negotiators coughed uncomfortably.  Stephen
turned to him and smiled.  "Sir Michael, let us make this treaty worthwhile -
Oleg, it is your move I think."

The Russian was staring straight into his eyes.  After a pause, he took a deep
breath and boomed out "Baltimore - four T-mark 2 devices - enriched!"  The
atmosphere round the table was electric - this was SERIOUS negotiating instead
of the usual game playing!  But Stephen's thoughts were elsewhere -  wondering
what a young slave in London was doing right then...

*****

Max was too quick!  Alexa nearly fell twice as she was yanked around corners in
the large corridor.  The dog had paused to sniff at a row of wire cages.  Each
cage held a naked, frightened girl - all with strange collars closely fitting
around their collars.  They were all beautiful and none made any sound but
shrank back in fear from the dog and stared in wonder at Alexa.  The dog growled
at one of the girls, making her cringe and clutch  at her throat in agony -
Alexa couldn't understand why the girl seemed to be in pain but she was hauled
away again at breakneck speed by the dog before she could work it out. 

The dog's route took them past several large rooms that terrified Alexa.  They
contained strange and wicked-looking benches, things made of wood and steel and
leather, machines, wires and chains - there were chains and cuffs and collars
everywhere!  And there was a horrible sweet earthy smell she couldn't identify. 
It was like...like...OHH DEAR MOTHER OF HEAVEN!  The dog had paused again but
this time it was at the entrance to a high roofed room.  Alexa sank to the floor
in horror at the awful sight of a blonde girl's body hanging limply by her
collar.  She was obviously dead.  She was chained to an overhead beam by her
neck with her body several feet below a wooden platform but still too high to
touch the floor with her toes.  Her face was mercifully covered by a hood but
she seemed to have been impaled on a spike up between her legs.  Rivulets of
blood were running down the spike and insides of her limp legs into a drain
beneath the base of the cruel shaft.  The girl was heavily fettered and chained
- she must have suffered terribly as she was slowly choked and impaled.  And
there was another long upright spike next to the girl's body protruding through
an unopened trapdoor on the platform!  It was obviously ready for use on the
next victim. 

Alexa felt physically sick and averted her eyes from the macabre sight.  If this
was her destiny then she had descended into hell!  The dog pushed her back, as
if Max wanted her to leave the awful room.  She stumbled up and numbly followed
him back past the terrified girls in their tiny wire cages.  At the entrance to
the lift, Alexa saw the cruel guard chatting and smoking with two other men.  At
their feet was a moaning, distressed girl.  She looked Oriental and was weeping
and shaking her head as she tried to plead past the ball gag in her mouth. 
Alexa gasped in fear at the sight of the same heavy chains and fetters on this
girl as the dead one - she realized they were taking this poor Oriental girl to
be killed!  The men were actually laughing as though sharing a joke.  The
sobbing girl became frantic when they dragged her upright and forced her down
the corridor.  Her screams were awful to hear.  The girls in the cages were
moaning and crying too - Alexa closed her eyes in despair when the slamming of
the trapdoor suddenly stilled the shrieking of the Oriental girl.  A dreadful
sort of choking sound faded away into the silence...

"Well, fuck-filth - did you like Max's little tour?  Seems there's no room in
the cages and we weren't expecting you to stay.  So you'll just have to bed down
with Max here!"  Several minutes later, Alexa was kneeling in a big cage with
the pacing dog growling and nudging against her cunt.  Her cuffs and gag had
been removed but she was still chained to the dog's collar by the steel band
around her own throat.  There was a bowl of dried dog biscuits and a water dish. 
Alexa tried to huddle into a tight ball but Max kept on pushing her with his
nose.  Very carefully, she let the dog lick the palm of her hand.  Alexa had
always been scared of dogs and Max was the largest and meanest one she had ever
seen.  But he'd stopped growling at her - his hackles were down and he wasn't
pushing her as violently as before.  In amazement, she watched the dog rest his
scarred head on her lap. 

Then she began to shake.  Alexa couldn't stop her delayed shock - the sight of
that dead girl hanging while impaled on the cruel spike wouldn't leave her mind. 
She kept on hearing the agonized screams of the Oriental girl being cut short by
the springing of the trapdoor.  Tears began to spill from her eyes.  The dog
looked up and nudged her belly.  Alexa cried her heart out without making any
sound - she'd learned from a very young age to keep silent when she was
distressed or receive a further beating for being a 'noisy brat'.  She wasn't
just crying in fright - she was crying uncontrollably for everything in her past
too...the cruel way her mother would punish her for the tiniest mistake...the
lodgers who did dirty things to her when her mother was too drunk to
notice...being taken into care when the teachers saw that she couldn't hold a
pencil any more because her hands had been whipped until they bled...being moved
from children's home to children's home because she wasn't pretty enough to be
fostered...finally leaving care and sleeping rough rather than go back to her
mother...having t-to do th-things with strange men to get food or shelter for
the night...taking lodgings and working for that awful Mr. Warren...and n-now
TH-THIS terrible place of torture and death!  The large animal attached to her
by the collar chain whined, butted her insistently and tried to lick the salty
moisture from her face and hands.  "Uhhh...M-m-max, y-you are uhhh t-trapped
h-here too, aren't y-you?"  She overcame her fear of him and stroked the large
head.  "Ohhh M-max, I-I w-want..." Her voice shrank to a startled whisper as she
realized in shock what she was about to say - "I w...w-want...m-my M-MASTER!"

*****

Stephen poured another glass of Bourbon for his visitor and looked out of the
window at the busy Brussels traffic.  "They have lived their lives under the
shadow of a nuclear device that would have turned Belgium into a sea-filled
crater!  And we didn't even guess the location, Oleg."

"So now you tell me what is wrong, my friend."

"Wrong?"

The Russian put down his tumbler.  "You were miles away during our negotiations,
Stephen.  You gave way too much, too fast - no arguments and no fun!"  He came
over to stand by his American 'enemy' and watch the people milling about far
below.  "Our staff always worry when we meet in private, Stephen.  Tell me why I
am here with you."

"It is a slave."

"Ahh - your Organization has many slaves, as do we.  Why is this a problem to
you, my friend?"

"The slave has...affected me."

Major Yasov walked over to the desk and picked up the telephone receiver.  "This
problem is easy to solve - have her killed immediately and find another slave
who does not affect you!"

Stephen turned and looked at the Russian.  "It is not that simple, Oleg - it
is...complicated."  The Russian said nothing.  He refilled the tumblers and
brought them over to the window.  "You see, I think I have finally found a
love-slave and I have only a short time to live..."




ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - PART 3

By slave ruthie

A different guard came for Max.  Alexa had no idea how long she had been left in
the kennel with her collar chained to the studded, stiff leather band around the
large dog's throat.  She had made no attempt to separate them.  In fact, once
she overcame her deep fear of the animal she had been grateful for the
comforting warmth of his body.  As the guard unclipped Max from the chain, she'd
asked an absurd, foolish question.  Alexa had begged if she would be allowed to
leave now.  His look of amused contempt was enough to remind her that there
would be no freedom.  And in a strange way, Alexa realized she was glad - she
felt as though she was going crazy and she should be absolutely terrified...but
she so desperately wanted to see the American again.  And if it meant she would
be held captive and treated like a caged animal then somehow it seemed insanely
worthwhile.  But WOULD he come back for her?  What if he didn't bother - what if
he forgot about her?  Alexa knew she wasn't very pretty.  Ohh, she did her best
but if the American was so powerful, he could surely have his pick of the
finest-looking girls and she wasn't even in the race.  She drew herself into a
tight ball and tried to squeeze her eyes so shut that the tears couldn't escape. 
She failed...

But finally there was no use crying any more - it didn't help and was draining
her spirits.  Even the appalling sight of the girl's body on the spike and the
frantic shrieks of the other girl as she was put to death were briefly forgotten
- she was so hungry.  Alexa stared down at the broken leftover dog biscuits that
were glued to the side of the bowl by Max's saliva.  She picked off the largest
piece with her fingers and held it in her palm.  Desperation finally overcame
revulsion - she took a deep breath, averted her eyes and forced her mouth open
to take in the brown crumb.  It was horrible but somehow she managed to swallow
without being sick.  Minutes later, every tiny morsel of Max's leftovers were
gone, together with the metallic-tasting water from his used drinking bowl. 
Alexa sat and numbly recalled how she had been locked in a cupboard for a whole
day when she was tiny for wetting her bed - her starvation had driven her to eat
pieces of newspaper to stop the pain in her empty belly.  She tried to remember
a time when she had been safe and loved but she had no recollection of her gran
who had looked after her from her unwanted birth until she was a toddler.  If
only her gran hadn't died...if only...ohh, it was so easy to sink into utter
despair but something had always driven her on.  Maybe he WOULD remember her;
maybe he WOULD come back for her.  She finally curled up in the corner of the
kennel and tried to sleep but without the warmth of Max's body it was too
uncomfortable to relax on the hard floor.

*****

When the kennel door opened again, the first guard who had found her at the
metal shutters entered.  He was carrying a strange kind of frame made of metal
bars with broad buckled leather straps on the ends and middle.  He lay it down
in the center of the kennel and motioned for her to come closer.  "Kneel at the
end, fuck-filth and bend your body over the bar with your head touching the
floor."

"Please, I..."

"FUCKING DO IT AND SHUT THE FUCK UP!"  Alexa stifled a sob and bent herself so
the raised bar pressed against her belly.  He fastened her down with a strap at
her waist then pinned her neck to the frame so she couldn't raise herself up. 
"Hands and feet out to the sides, fuck-filth - MOVE IT!"  He secured her wrists
and ankles to the ends of the wide bars so she couldn't close her legs or
protect her breasts.  More straps went around her knees to force her thighs
further apart.  "Let's get those cunt lips and ass cheeks open so Max can have
some fun!"  Her startled gasp was ignored.  First one strap then a second was
pulled tight around the tops of her thighs - he was going to let Max rape her! 
"Hmm, got to get you all juiced up, little fuck-filth..." W8ithout any warning
or foreplay, the guard drove his fingers deeply into her vagina and began to
savagely masturbate her with his hand.  Alexa bit her lip in pain and
humiliation but managed to stifle her screams - she knew if she cried out it
would only encourage him to hurt her even more.  "So you won't make a noise for
me eh, stubborn little fuck-filth - well let's see if you'll howl nicely for
your new doggy-boyfriend!" 

He left her trembling on the frame for several awful minutes then the door was
thrown open.  "Max - RAPE!"  Alexa tensed up and closed her eyes, dreading what
was about to happen.  She could feel the dog's nose as he started licking and
sniffing her sopping pussy.  He was going to ra...  But Max had stopped.  He
gave out a strange whining noise and padded around to her head.  He was licking
her face!  "Go on Max - RAPE THE BITCH!"  Max suddenly growled and savagely
barked at the guard who backed away and left the room, muttering angrily. The
dog circled Alexa in agitation then finally settled by her side.  She could just
touch his fur with the fingers of her left hand.

"Ohh Max - p-please y-you MUST d-do it!  P-please, h-he'll hurt you and I
d-don't want you getting into t-trouble.  Max, ohh Max PLEASE d-do it...uhh, I
know y-you have t-to.  I d-don't blame you - its n-not your f-fault."  But the
dog ignored her and moved closer, as if he could somehow protect her.  Alexa
felt terrible - she didn't want the dog to abuse her but sensed Max would be in
danger himself if he didn't obey.  He nudged her with his muzzle and looked into
her eyes.  He looked so sad.  "Ohhh Max, I'm so sorry..."

The door banged open.  Max leapt up, baring his teeth and the hair along his
spine hackled as he faced the guard.  Alexa was helpless and could only watch in
horror as the horrible guard circled around.  He was holding some kind of long
electric prod - she could see a bluish-white spark jumping across the metal
points at the tip.  Max suddenly lunged forward as he went for the guard's
throat.  But it was no use - the tip of the prod touched Max's chest between his
front paws.  Without a sound, he crashed limply to the floor just inches away
from Alexa's head.  The dog gave a long, ragged sigh then lay still.

"Look at what you did, fuck-filth - you ruined a perfectly good rape dog and now
he's dead!  You're a fucking murderess, you WITCH!"

Alexa wailed in despair.  "N-no!  Please n-n-mmmmmph!" 

The guard had jammed the tip of a rubber gag between her teeth.  It was shaped
like a man's relaxed penis and felt sort of soft as if it was a kind of thick,
partially inflated balloon!   He pulled the straps tightly together behind her
head, forcing the rubber plug even deeper while the stiff leather front pushed
against her protesting face.  Alexa mewed and shook her head - the rough edge of
the circular mouth cover was painfully digging in to the underside of her nose. 
"Now you can't try your spells me!  That's what you are - a filthy fucking WITCH
and witches have to be PUNISHED!"  He knelt down by her face and savagely
gripped her chin, twisting her neck cruelly to her left.  With his other hand,
the guard pressed something on to the front of the broad strap over her mouth. 
It was a thin black pipe with an oval bulb on the end.  He grinned then crushed
the oval until it was squashed flat.  As he pressed hard with his fingers, Alexa
felt the horrible rubber balloon in her mouth come to life - it had somehow got
harder and bigger!  He let the bulb spring back into shape then squeezed again. 
The pipe made a faint hissing noise again and the long balloon surged further
into her mouth and rubbed along the roof of her mouth.

"MMMMMMPHHHHH!!!"

"What's the matter, fuck-slut - don't like the taste of rubber in your filthy
witch's mouth?"  He kept squeezing the bulb, pumping the penis gag up until her
jaws were being forced widely apart and the pointed end was filling the back of
her throat.  Alexa gasped and began to choke; she nearly retched and felt as if
her head was going to burst!  "This little beauty's great fun in breath-play - a
little bit of asphyxiation can really bring on a girl, if it's timed just right
when she's just about to cum!"  He pumped again.  "Sometimes we go too far
though and she dies - choke 'er too long or too much."
 
He was stroking her shaking cheek as she fought desperately for breath and
strained violently against the straps and fetters that pinned her to the frame. 
Everything was going black, there were stars, and her ears were ringing and
throbbing with her rapid heartbeat.  I'm going to die...I'm dying now a-and
I-I'm not g-going to s-see h-h-him...ohh m-m-master...  But there was a gentle
hissing noise as the hard penis that blocked her mouth relaxed and softened just
enough to let her fill her lungs with air.

"Lucky for you I got some skill with the pump, eh?"  He alarmed her by squeezing
the bulb a couple of times to make it big enough to restrict her breathing
without choking her again.  The guard tightened something at the front of her
gag strap then removed the pipe but the penis shape between her lips stayed
firmly inflated.  He brought two black rubber objects into view and attached the
pipe to the base of the longer, larger one.  It was getting bigger as he began
to pump and growing like an over-sized cock!  "Ohh don't worry that it's too
small to satisfy you - it gets a LOT bigger once its deep inside your hot pussy! 
But its little friend gets to go in between your ass cheeks first - blows up a
treat!"  He had swapped the pipe over to the base of the pointed device.  It was
tapered but went narrow again where it joined the flat base.  The guard rubbed
the tip against her chin, coating it with the saliva that drooled from her
tortured mouth.  He disappeared from view then she felt something pushing hard
against her anus!  Before she could tighten up, it was in past her sphincter and
he began to rapidly pump up the plug.  Alexa shuddered as her insides spasmed in
shock.  The distended probe was filling her back passage and it hurt!

He kept on pumping until tears of agony streamed down her face then reached over
her body to pick up the final dildo.  "Got to get this one right in up to your
cervix so it won't push back out, fuck-slut.  Once we get him fully inflated we
can have some fun with the cattle-prod - I'm going to teach you some respect!" 
Alexa mewed piteously but the dildo was soon rammed home.  She had to endure
several minutes of pumping before the guard was satisfied with his efforts.  Her
insides felt as if she was being torn apart.  She couldn't stop shaking with
extreme pain and fear.  "Just as well I put new batteries in this thing!"  He
knelt behind her, pushing something sharp inside the front of her private parts
- it was the prod!  "Now I'm going to count to 10, fuck-filth, so you can
prepare yourself.  Ready?  One, two, three..."

He tricked her - the jolt coursed through her cunt before he had said 'four'. 
Alexa was overwhelmed by appalling pain.  She writhed and jerked uselessly on
the frame as every nerve in her sensitive clit and labia burned in torment. 
"Good, isn't it?  Well, there's plenty more power in these cells.  I'll just
increase the current - that was the lowest setting and it's only a tickle
compared with what this baby can do at full strength!" 

NOOOOO.....PLEASE,..."OOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMPHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"  The pain was
incredible!  Her belly, thighs and buttocks cramped as the jolt seared through
her body. 

"Ready for 15%, fuck-filth?  No?  Okay then, let's make it 20%!"  Alexa shivered
and squeezed her eyes tightly shut, dreading what would follow....

A polite, well-spoken voice suddenly interrupted her horror.  "Oh dear, there
must have been some kind of mistake."  She turned her head and tried to focus
her tear-filled eyes on the stranger at the kennel door.  Alexa thought she knew
the voice.  As her vision cleared, she realized with shock that it was the man
who had got out of the taxi at the end of the alley! 

"Doctor?  Can I help you, sir?"  The guard sounded irritated at being disturbed
while he tortured his prisoner.  "As you can see sir, I'm busy teaching this
filthy slit-bitch a lesson..."

"But surely this is the girl who is being shipped to Belgium - I have her
documents here and need to examine her."  His words had made the guard freeze. 
"Hmm, so this IS the girl...well, please release her and get her cleaned up. 
Perhaps if she is in my surgery in 30 minutes I won't need to record this
'error' in her file."  The doctor was smiling at the silent guard but without
any warmth.  "I believe her future master would be most upset if he discovered
her training had already begun."  With that veiled threat, he left. 

The guard cursed angrily but released the valves on the ends of her anal and
vaginal intruders.  Alexa slumped with relief as the pressure eased inside her
poor body.  The guard came round to her head.  Alexa moved her gagged mouth
towards his hand so he could open the valve.  Instead, he whipped his other hand
up to savagely grip her hair and pinched her nose tightly shut with his fingers,
making her eyes swim with renewed pain.  She couldn't inhale!  "Listen close and
listen well, fuck-filth - if you EVER tell a master what happened here, you'll
suffer so badly you'll beg to die!  We guards look after our own and we don't
take kindly to a slave-bitch making trouble for a colleague.  YOU FUCKING
UNDERSTAND ME, SLIT-BITCH?"  Alexa managed to nod, and then she fainted...

...Upside down...upside d...  Alexa slowly made sense of her surroundings.  She
was being carried over someone's shoulder and he had one arm between her thighs
with the other hand tightly gripping her hair.  She knew her wrists and ankles
were locked together and her mouth was still gagged - only a ball this time but
speech was impossible.  They were in a long, echoing corridor.  He suddenly
turned into a large room and put her face down on the floor.  Alexa hardly dared
to move while he removed all her restraints - even her collar!  "Well then, go
on - we haven't got long!  Get your cunt and armpits trimmed then we can remove
all the hair off your body."  He had placed a battery shaver on the floor next
to her face.

"Umm, I...uhh, m-my pussy?"

He sighed as though she was stupid.  "Of COURSE, slave - unless you want ME to
do it, which will take longer and then you'll have to explain why you were late
for your examination..." The ominous tone in this guard's voice was enough of a
warning.  Alexa stumbled up and shyly turned away to begin removing the ginger
curls from her private parts.  "FACE ME!"  Miserably, she moved so the man could
watch her intimate, humiliating display.  As soon as she had finished with the
shaver, he took it out of her trembling hands and ordered her to stand straight
with her legs apart and to keep her hands on her head.  He wasn't satisfied
though and decided to make her put her hair up in a tight ponytail  "so none of
your hair falls below your neck, slave."  Then she had to stand as before but
this time with her arms outstretched while he sprayed nasty-smelling foam from
an aerosol all over her body, particularly up between her legs.  It stank of
rotten eggs and began to sting her already sore private parts.  "Do NOT move -
stay STILL until I permit you to relax, slave!"  She began to whimper.  How many
minutes was it, how long was she forced to stand under his watchful gaze before
he ordered her into the shower...the sudden, forceful jets made her jump in
fright.   Alexa carefully rinsed the last of the horrible foam from her thighs
and marveled at how smooth her skin felt.  She couldn't help looking down at her
newly bared cleft.  Her hair was loosened and she had to wash it three times
before the guard was satisfied.  When he reached in and handed her a long,
flexible tube, she was puzzled.  It was didn't have a conventional spray end but
was like a slim probe with a large hole at the tip and tiny holes along its
length.  He turned on the pressure and her mouth fell open in shock as its
purpose suddenly dawned.  "Get a move on, slave - flush yourself out!"  Numbly,
Alexa pulled her left buttock out to her side and began to aim the tip towards
her sore anus.  "NOT YOUR ASS - FLUSH YOUR CUNT FIRST!  You NEVER flush your ass
before your cunt, you stupid bitch!"  Shaking even more at the anger in his
voice, Alexa moved the probe up and gingerly spread her labia.  It tickled as it
went inside.  The warm, swirling water felt so strange.  It made her feel dirty,
and the worst thing of all was that it felt nice - and that made her feel even
dirtier.  When he motioned her to take the pipe back out, Alex whispered that
she needed the bathroom but he just pointed down at the grill beneath her feet. 
In her shame and misery, Alexa stood with her legs apart and relieved herself
while he watched.  She thought her humiliation couldn't get any worse until he
ordered her to flush out her back passage.  Getting the probe past her stinging
anus was horrible but yet again, the feeling inside was...strangely soothing! 
He made her stand with soiled water cascading down the insides of her legs until
it was running clear.  Once the pipe was removed and she had stood in the jets
of the shower for a few more minutes, the guard ordered her out and pointed at a
large towel.  "Now dry yourself, slave - come ON, HURRY UP!" 

*****

Stephen set the solid gold knife and fork down next to the barely touched
venison pate he had been moving around the plate and sighed.    The fantastic
cuisine and palatial surroundings made no impact on his thoughts.  Yasov's
intimate knowledge of his failing health had surprised him.  And the almost
brutal frankness of the Russian in his assessment of his dilemma over young
Alexa's fate had left him unable to concentrate on anything.  It came down to a
stark choice - have the girl executed to remove her distracting influence or
indulge himself one final time in the bittersweet pleasure of owning a personal
slave.  It had been so long since his Lyssa had been put down.  After Lyssa, he
had decided that he would never again allow himself to become too fond of a
slave - he believed the Ethiopian beauty would be his last property...

...Until he had looked into the large, tear-filled eyes of a thin and distressed
waif in a run-down English cafe.  He had wanted to own her in that moment -
against his better judgment he wanted her kneeling by his side, wearing his
collar and serving him alone.  Stephen had no idea why he was so taken with the
shabbily dressed and rather plain-looking creature.  But her face had haunted
him and he knew he would have no peace unless she was under his hand...or
disposed of and out of reach.  Yet there was so little time - perhaps 2 years at
best.  How long could he last - when would he have had enough of this damned
cancer?

He stood up and strode past the other diners.  His mind was made up - he would
fly back to London immediately.  He did not wish to delay taking Alexa to be his
personal slave and instead of having her shipped to Belgium he would personally
collect her.  Damn the negotiations - he would make young Alexa the most
obedient, most perfectly trained slave the Organization had ever seen!

*****

Alexa wondered why she had to be gagged, fettered and collared every time she
was moved.  It was hardly as though she could escape or fight the guards. 
Surely she was neither a threat nor a danger...ohh!  It wasn't to protect them -
it was to remind her how weak and helpless she was in their hands.  And she did
feel so utterly vulnerable as she trotted behind the guard who held her leash
chain.  He stopped at a door, turned to force her down on her knees then
knocked.  A voice called them in - the doctor briefly looked up to nod at the
guard then returned his attention to the files on his desk.  The guard tightly
secured Alexa's leash to an overhead ring, forcing her to stand straight or
choke, then left the room.  Several minutes passed.  Alexa twisted her head
slightly to look at what the doctor was reading and gasped past her ball gag. 
Each file had her name on the front!  He had her school records, her medical
notes, her social services case file and even some photographs of her in
childhood!

There was another knock, then the most beautiful girl Alexa had ever seen
entered and placed a cup of coffee on the doctor's desk.  The dusky naked girl
wore a silver collar and her nipples were pierced with rings!  She had some kind
of deep tattoo on her belly, just above her bare cleft, and Alexa could make out
another ring that protruded at the front of her pussy exactly where her...OHH MY
GOD - her CLITORIS was PIERCED!   The exotic slave curtseyed to the doctor then
deliberately brushed against Alexa on the way past, secretly fondling her
buttock.  Alexa shivered and squirmed at the shocking, suggestive touch - she
had always craved the affections of another girl and was intensely curious about
lesbian love.  She knew her young cousins cuddled together at night when their
mother was asleep and she had been so envious of their tender intimacy.  And now
this beautiful stranger - perhaps she was from India or Bangladesh - had set her
on fire with a mere touch!

The doctor took a sip from the cup.  Alexa intently watch his hand as it lifted
a chocolate biscuit from the saucer and placed it on the table.  She was
ravenous!  He took another drink, turned a page in her medical file and picked
up the biscuit.  Her tummy rumbled and he looked up.  "If you want the biscuit,
you have to earn it - do you understand?"  Alexa instantly knew what the doctor
meant and nodded in resignation.  This was how she'd earned pocket money and
food from the lodgers since she had been a small child.  It wasn't so bad once
she overcame her revulsion - in fact she had become quite good at satisfying a
man with her mouth and at least it had meant they wouldn't try to put their hard
things in her privates or bottom...

He freed her collar from the ring and removed her gag then guided her around to
his side of the desk.  "Well, let's see how you mean to earn your reward, then." 
As she knelt between the doctor's thighs, Alexa leaned forward to catch the
zipper between her teeth then paused, suddenly troubled by what she was expected
to do.  "Is there anything wrong, little slave?  If you want the biscuit, you
have to satisfy me."

She was ravenously hungry but something still held her back.  "Uhh, p-please
doctor...I mean doctor s-sir, I th-think my m-master...I mean if he still wants
me," she trembled expecting to be punished harshly.

"Go on, little slave."

"I w-would love the biscuit b-but I d-don't want to offend him a-and if you tell
me I m-must then I w-will but I d-don't th-think I sh-should..." Alex cringed as
the doctor slowly lifted up his hand, expecting to be hit for her insolence. 

However, his hand reached for the biscuit and with a broad smile he held it to
her mouth.  "Take it, little slave - you just earned it by satisfying me that
you will honor your future master with loyalty and respect!"  She was stunned
and overjoyed.  "You are a GOOD girl, and I am VERY pleased with you, young
Alexa!"  She eagerly wolfed down the chocolate reward, even licking the last
crumb from his fingers before he wiped his hand on her hair. 

What followed once he removed her fetters and collar was the most thorough,
detailed and intimate medical examination she had ever experienced.  Every inch
of her skin was subjected to scrutiny; her ears, eyes and mouth were carefully
checked; her heart beat, blood pressure, breathing and reflexes were measured
then measured again; swabs, blood, urine and tiny skin samples were collected
and carefully labeled.   As the doctor gently felt each bone and joint, he
frowned when he traced his fingers across her chest.  "There is no mention of a
road accident in your files yet you have old multiple and compound rib
fractures.  And your skull has a hairline fracture above the right socket. 
Slave, when did the crash happen - you must have been about 10 or 11 years old I
believe, yes?"

Alexa bit her lip and looked away.  "N-no road accident...I, uhhh, m-my mum's
boyfriend...I w-wouldn't uhh d-do...d-dirty things with h-him, he uhh h-he..."
But she couldn't continue speaking and was desperate to keep the awful memory of
that brutal night locked away.

"Ahhh, I see.  Well, no more questions, little Alexa.  Just one more test then
you will be fed - you are too underweight for your height and look as though a
few good meals will not go amiss!"  He led her to the examination couch again
and told her to lie on her back.  "Now I want you to relax, take your time
and...make yourself cum for me."  Alexa half-sat up, suddenly blushing with
acute embarrassment.  "I need to assess your sexual response to stimulation,
girl.  Here," he handed her a black dildo in the exact shape of a man's penis. 
"You can use this if it helps.  I want you to bring yourself to the most intense
climax you can manage, preferably a multiple orgasm until I tell you to stop. 
Ohh, and don't bother trying to fake it - I know exactly what I am looking for!" 
Alexa lay back and swallowed nervously before rubbing the tip of the phallus
along her labia.  "Aren't you going to switch it on, slave?"  He smiled at her
puzzled expression, amused and rather touched by her genuine naivety and
innocence.  The furious vibrations as he twisted the base and handed it back
traveled up her arm.  Alexa looked up trustingly and touched her sex with the
buzzing tip, yelping in excited surprise...

He crossed out her initial '3.2' rating from the box marked 'Slave Index' and
looked across at the sleeping girl on the examination couch.  Her performance
when instructed to masturbate had been remarkable - she had arched and wept in
violent orgasm on nine occasions, finally abandoning the vibrator to employ her
fingertips when the stimulation became too much.  Interesting behavior, he mused
- Alexa had touched herself in a predictable pattern until the point of climax
then had rolled over to her right side, fiercely clasped her left buttock and
vigorously rubbed to the right of her clitoris.  With toes curled, head thrown
back and glazed eyes open, the girl had mewed and sobbed until she was finally
shaking and crying uncontrollably.  He had to stop her as she had exhausted
herself. 

A hidden, overhead camera had recorded the whole episode and he decided the tape
should accompany his report.  This girl had excellent potential - far higher
than his original assessment.  He wrote '7.4' on the form and smiled at the
reaction this was bound to cause when Stephen received the documents.  Some
fully broken slaves could barely muster a straight '8' while this girl had not
even BEGUN her proper training!  The doctor dialed the kitchens, ordering a
large bowl of standard slave rations before returning his thoughtful gaze to
curled-up sleeper.  Perhaps she might even attain the extremely rare and much
sought-after '10' rating.  Certainly, if any master were capable of bringing her
on to that standard it would be Stephen.  Who would have thought that such a
girl - small, thin and not terribly pretty - could display naturally submissive
attributes and raw sexuality so highly.  It would be intriguing to monitor
Alexa's progress during her intensive training, as long as poor Stephen's health
did not deteriorate too rapidly...




ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - PART 4

By slave ruthie

"Don't tell me you actually ENJOYED eating that stuff, slave!"  Alexa looked up,
startled by the doctor's smiling face peering over the end of his desk.  She
stared down again at the empty feeding bowl that she had carefully licked clean;
examining the gleaming stainless steel for any remaining trace of food but it
was all gone.

"Umm, it wasn't very uhh nice, d-doctor sir but uhh I WAS very hungry."  Alexa
immediately regretted the words as soon as they came from her mouth.  How would
he take her response - had she been insolent and ungrateful?  Would she be
severely punished for her cheek?  Would he tell the American...but the man's
face creased with humor as he began to laugh.  His mirth was infectious and
Alexa couldn't help giggling until her chest hurt and her eyes were wet.  It
seemed so strange to be laughing in this place of cruel oppression and strict
control, sitting naked and vulnerable on the surgery floor...and yet it didn't
somehow seem so terribly wrong either. 

The doctor reached down to ruffle her hair.  He paused, moved a stray lock
behind her ear then gently stroked her cheek with one finger.  "That's better -
slavery is not always a cause for despair as you have obviously just discovered. 
You know, I think you will do very well indeed, young Alexa.  In fact, if you
weren't already waiting for your new master I would be sorely tempted to put in
a bid for you myself."  His words jolted through her heart and she covered her
mouth with one hand then looked away, blinking rapidly.  "Don't be afraid, slave
- you will be at your master's feet very soon."  The young girl suddenly looked
up with her piercing gray-blue eyes and smiled trustingly.  "I find you very
intriguing, Alexa - interesting name...do you know why they called you that?"

"Ohh!  It's because I was, ummm supposed to b-be a boy...named after my father,
doctor sir."  Her expression had changed, revealing the long-endured sadness at
knowing that she had been a source of disappointment from the moment of her
birth.  A finger lifting up her chin interrupted her unhappy thoughts.

"Just as well for us that you ARE a girl, slave - and a fine young creature at
that!  So put the foolish idea that your gender was a mistake out of your pretty
head and accept who you are with pride, little slave Alexa.  Hmmm...your birth
certificate states that your father was called 'Alexander'.  According to the
Fostering report in your Social Services file,  he was born in the North of
England and served in the Royal Marines at the time of his death, just before
you were born, yes?"  She nodded.  "And it says here your mother's maiden name
wasn't Baldwin but was actually...ahhh, hmm...yes, of course..."  He hid the
shocking realization well, turning as casually as possible back to the desk
while refusing to meet her curious stare.  "No matter - your old life is
finished...just a little longer to wait until your new master sends for you,
hmm?"

"Ohh, I don't mind waiting, doctor sir - I think perhaps I've been waiting for a
master for a very long time a-and I just didn't realize it so a bit longer
won't...umm..."  Alexa's voice trailed away - he was watching her so intently
that she felt she should be quiet.  Had she gone too far?  The vivid dreams that
had haunted her sleep since puberty came flooding back into her mind.  But if
she told them about yearning for a collar they would think her crazy...and maybe
she WAS going mad...better not say anymore... 

"Hmm...well, time for you to run along now - remember to be a good slave for
your new master, little Alexa."  He pressed a button and the surgery door
opened.  The beautiful dark girl who had suggestively brushed against her
earlier entered and curtseyed respectfully to the doctor who paid her no
attention.  Alexa clambered up and automatically turned around with her wrists
behind her back, expecting to be cuffed, fettered and gagged as before. 
"Hmm...no need for restraints, I think - just a training collar will do."  He
buckled a stiff, leather collar around Alexa's throat then secured the hasp with
a tiny padlock.  "Pay attention, house-slave,"  The exotic beauty immediately
looked up and listened intently to the doctor who was busying himself with
Alexa's medical file, indifferent to her rapt concentration.  "Look after little
Alexa here until she is required for Identification Profiling - you may take her
to one of the Guest Suites out of the way but make sure she is presentable
before reporting to the Control Station at 1400 hours...I assume you two can
find some way to amuse yourselves together until then."  He was rewarded by a
broad grin and an eager nod as she held out her hand towards the new slave. 
Alexa hesitated, suddenly uncertain about what was expected of her.  The
stunningly attractive slave just winked and wiggled her fingers.  Alexa summoned
her courage and reached out her own hand to the beautiful, dark-skinned girl.

The doctor waited until he was sure the slaves had gone then began to carefully
destroy several documents from Alexa's files.  He pitied the poor creature and
pitied her future master - his good friend Stephen - even more.  But it would be
better for everyone concerned if the bitter truth of Alexa's true origins never
came out.  He placed another page in the shredder and shook his head, burdened
by the knowledge that had to kept secret at all cost...

She couldn't help sneaking a sideways glance at the incredibly pretty
dusky-skinned girl who lightly clasped her hand as they trotted along the wide
corridor.  She had perfect features, a flawlessly dark-golden complexion and her
long, jet hair was drawn into a single waist-length plait entwined with red and
copper threads.  The house-slave moved in a powerful yet relaxed cat-like way
that emphasized the rise and fall of perfect breasts and the gyrating of her
hips.  Alexa felt so clumsy and plain, like a gawky schoolgirl who had no idea
how to be seductive.  "In here - I know a short cut to the Guest Suites."  But
as she was pulled past a side door at the base of a small staircase, Alex found
herself being promptly and firmly kissed full on the mouth.  "Mmmm, that is for
my new sister, Alexa - I like that name.  It is pretty, just like you are
pretty, my sister."  The kiss was repeated, longer and more sensual.  Alexa
overcame her surprise and enthusiastically kissed her back, parting her lips to
allow the house-slave's questing tongue to dart between her teeth.  She could
hardly believe what was happening - her hidden dreams of kissing another girl
had finally come true!

And she had called her name 'pretty', even though it was originally intended for
a boy-child and had cursed her life to always remind her that she should have
been a son, not a daughter...and she had called HER 'pretty' as well!   "I uhhh,
I always wanted...mmmmm...a sister b-but....mmmmmm...I don't even uhhhh, know
your name."  The dusky girl's silver-ringed nipples were rubbing against her
own, making her feel so excited. 

The girl's hand slid between Alexa's thighs to tenderly stroke her hot sex then
her dark, almond-shaped eyes widened with delighted mirth.  "You are very moist,
my sister Alexa!  And as a slave, you have many sister-slaves all around the
world.  And as for me...I have many names, none of them my own but you may call
me 'Cally' if you wish..."  The girl had a soft, exotic accent and had
pronounced 'Cally' as 'Kha-lee' - it seemed strangely familiar but the dusky
beauty quickly smothered Alexa's puzzled response with another deep, lingering
kiss before tugging her up the stairs.  Alexa was soon dumbfounded by the sheer
opulence of the upper corridor.  Her toes literally sank into the plush burgundy
carpet as they padded past several large mahogany doors.  They paused outside
one and listened to the faint cries from within the Suite - a girl was moaning
in pain or ecstatic abandon (Alexa couldn't tell which) in a rhythm that
followed a repeated whistling and cracking sound.  But before she could ask,
Cally had whisked her further along the corridor to a door whose overhead light
shone green, unlike the others that were all shining red.  Then they were inside
and Cally had locked the door...

Nothing could have prepared Alexa for the contents of the Suite.  She caught a
glimpse of her own amazed and open-mouthed face in one of several full-length
mirrors.  Cally was grinning at her as she took in the hoists and chains
dangling from the high mirrored ceiling, the peculiar trestles with straps all
over them, the device that looked like a set of medieval stocks, the shelves
laden with a huge assortment of dildoes, restraints  and other unknown but
obviously erotic items, the rack laden with whips, canes, crops and a tawse (she
shuddered when her eyes recognized this familiar and particularly vicious
leather instrument that had brought her so much misery in childhood), and
finally the huge circular bed that seemed to be covered with some kind of shiny
red plastic and had metal rings at regular intervals around the edge.  Cally
laughed and threw open mirrored doors to reveal rows of obscene and raunchy
fetish gear.  Alexa gaped at the vast range of latex, leather, PVC, satin, lace
and lycra garments.  Her exotic sister-slave broke one spell with another as she
gently but purposefully guided her over to the bed, then with surprising
strength and ease lifted her up like a doll and laid her down.  "Time for
'slave-play, my sister - time for us to be....mmmmm...together..."

As they rolled about on the shiny fabric, like two kittens tumbling in a basket,
Alexa abandoned any shyness that remained and enthusiastically kissed Cally's
ringed nipples before moving her tongue slowly down her belly.  There was
another ring at Cally's navel, then the strange deep marking just above her
cleft, then...the ring right through her tiny sex.  Alexa stared in awe at how
Cally's clit had been pierced through and threaded with a silver circle.  And it
seemed as though the fold that covered her most sensitive flesh had been
removed!  "Umm...your ring, down below...uhh, did it hurt lots getting it done?" 

Cally slid her hand down to splay her cunt lips so Alexa could see her adorned
vulva more clearly.  "The pain is worth it, you'll see."  She pulled Alexa's
head closer and opened her legs wider.  "My little sister, it is okay to lick...
okay to taste... please... AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"  Alexa forgot everything else as she
kissed the soft nub of Cally's ringed clit, intoxicated by the heady flavor and
scent of the girl's love-nectar - a wonderful mixture of honey with a hint of
spice.

Then she was being lifted like a toy (again, Alexa was amazed by her new-found
sister's deceptively powerful body) as Cally knelt on the bed and held her
upside down with the tops of her quivering thighs resting on the house-slave's
bronze shoulders.  Cally's expert tongue found the center of Alexa's sex and she
began to work the mewing girl into an orgasmic frenzy.  The blood sang in
Alexa's ears as she tried to concentrate on lapping and nuzzling Cally's sweet
cunt.  It was too much - Cally reduced her to a trembling, moaning wreck as wave
upon climactic wave thundered through her senses.  Then she was being laid on
the bed again with Cally's glistening labia hovering above her flushed face. 
Alexa drew Cally's buttocks down and began to lick in earnest, determined to
repay her beautiful sister-slave for the mind-boggling multiple orgasms whose
aftershocks still echoed through her fluttering belly.  Cally gasped and
chuckled softly as she ground her pouting cunt hard against the new slave's
eager lips, tongue and snub nose.  It was an ageless dance of two females
comforting and delighting each other in ways that no male could emulate or
comprehend - not better than penetrative sex with an experienced masculine lover
but just as special. 

Once again, Cally surprised her young lover by lifting her with ease until they
lay face to face.  The dusky slave guided Alexa's trembling fingers between her
glistening cunt lips then pressed the tips encouragingly to her ringed clit. 
They kissed passionately and Alexa writhed in sensual pleasure as Cally began to
rhythmically penetrate and rotate her fingers at the mouth of the new slave's
vagina.  Alexa opened her eyes in fascinated wonder as Cally threw back her head
to let her kiss her throat.  The house-slave's silver collar wasn't plain as she
had thought but had a line of tiny black writing along the center - but it was
in an unusual script instead of in English...and if she hadn't been so
intoxicated with sweet arousal, Alexa would have sworn the tiny script was
actually changing and moving while she tried to read it!  "Ummm...uhhh, C-cally,
is...ooooh!  Is th-the inscription...uhhhhhh...S-sanskrit...UUUHHHH!!!"

The dusky slave looked directly into her eyes.  "It is much older than Sanskrit,
my sister.  You envy my collar, do you not?"  Alexa suddenly felt a peculiar
tinge of awe and fear, as if Cally was revealing a dangerous side of her
character - it was as though she was making love with a predatory cat that might
turn in a moment from desire to...hunger!  Then the moment passed.  Cally gave
out a throaty, purring laugh and kissed her lightly on the end of her nose.  "Do
not be jealous, little Alexa.  I shall never wear a master's collar but you
shall wear two and the second will be greater than the first..."  She stifled
Alexa's confused response with such deep kisses that the girl lost all track of
her thoughts. 

(But in the quiet moments of the night, when Alexa would lie awake and tethered
at the foot of the bed listening to the rise and fall of her owner's masculine
chest, she would recall the strange words that Cally had uttered and feel an odd
thrill of wonder and hope...)

Eventually sated, despite her young lover's initial clumsiness due to her
inexperience, Cally cradled and rocked Alexa like an infant, humming a wordless
lullaby as she gently stroked her brow - soothing and caressing her sister as
she drifted into blissful sleep...

...but it was all WRONG - her body HURT all over and she couldn't stop shaking! 
Alexa tried to understand why her left eye seemed to be glued shut or why she
couldn't lift her hands up without pulling up her ankles.  She blinked rapidly
and rubbed the dried-on stickiness from her cheek and mouth.  The little finger
of her right hand ached terribly as though it had been bent backwards or even
broken.  She was huddled in a dimly lit wire cage.  She was restrained in heavy
steel cuffs and fetters linked by short chains that prevented her from
straightening out even if the cage had been big enough.  Alexa whimpered in
confused fear and distress then writhed as a horrible stabbing pain assaulted
her throat.  What... it didn't make sense - her memory had huge chunks missing
but there had been something about being injected, made to stand straight
against a white wall for cameras...a room full of men in guards' uniforms
jeering and watching her being posed obscenely for the lenses... Cally - where
was Cally?  Ohh, she felt so raw and swollen between her legs...and unpleasantly
sticky.  Her bottom and privates hurt like they had been burned and chafed.  She
felt the strange crusty deposits on her breasts and belly then whimpered again
at the small bruises on her breasts, arms and legs, like horrible dark
fingerprints.  And her whimper was rewarded by another more intense jolt through
the front and sides of her neck, leaving her gasping in shock.  Gingerly, she
reached up and felt the thick strap with the odd bulge just under her jaw - it
was one of the same collars she had seen on the caged girls when Max was leading
her around.  She finally understood why the girls had seemed so distressed by
the rape-dog's barking - the collars were used to punish a girl if she made too
much noise and Max had set them off!  And all the peculiar dried whitish stains
on her aching body, face and hair - she realized in horror she had been violated
and repeatedly gang-raped in her mouth, pussy and ass by several men!  They must
have drugged her first to make her compliant and so she couldn't even remember
who had abused her...but HOW had she got here - what had happened to Cally?  
Had it all been a fantasy to blot out the nightmare at the hands of her abusers? 

She curled up into a tight ball and tried to weep as silently as possible, in
fear of triggering an even bigger shock from the punishment collar.  Ohh, Cally
- was she just in her head or did she really exist?  The bruised, violated and
severely restrained girl wanted to wail in distress but they had even taken the
comfort of her cries away and turned her sobs to torturing shocks.  Alexa
soundlessly begged for her nameless American master not to forget her and
covered her face with her hands to stifle her weeping.  There was something else
in her hair apart from the dried remains of her attackers' semen.  She pulled
the narrow strand out and peered at it in the dim light - it was a piece of
twisted red and copper thread!  Cally WAS real - she HADN'T been a dream after
all!  Alexa hoped her sister was safe and the men hadn't attacked and raped her
too.  She kissed the precious reminder of their joy together and held it to her
cheek - her only possession in the bleak, cramped cage that confined her for
whatever unspeakable cruelties these evil men were planning...

*****

"Young man, I am simply NOT prepared to be delayed ANY longer - tell the captain
I wish to see him immediately!" 

The steward sighed and put on his most formal expression.  "I am very sorry,
Lady Claire but the Brussels control tower will not let us taxi until an extra
passenger has boarded."

Lady Claire pursed her lips in frustration.  "Well, whoever it is must be an
extremely important person indeed to hold up a scheduled flight to Heathrow -
why couldn't he or she wait for the next shuttle?"  But the extra passenger had
arrived and sat down in the executive seat across the aisle.  The jet was
already making for the nearest available runway without even pausing for traffic
control clearance.  It didn't even stop at the end of the runway but throttled
up immediately as though their jet's swift take-off was suddenly the airport's
highest priority.  Lady Claire frowned and readied herself to make a cutting
remark to the smartly dressed man who was sorting out his seatbelt.  He caught
her eye and smiled sheepishly.  Whatever tart put-down she had planned was lost
in her shocked recognition.  "Stephen, goodness me!  Stephen, how the devil are
you and what on earth are you doing in Europe?"  The American grinned at his
ex-colleague from the United Nations and gathered his wits before starting a
suitably plausible explanation...




ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - PART 5

By slave ruthie

He was lying.  It was certainly a lovely story but Lady Claire knew how to read
men and could always tell when they were evading the truth.  Besides, in all the
years she had known and worked with Stephen he had never once mentioned being
the godparent and legal guardian to an orphaned English girl.  And this
delightful tale of his young benefactor taking a gap-year between school and
university was obviously fabricated - as was the notion that he would give up
his work with NATO to chaperone the girl on her world travels.  There certainly
WAS a girl - the way his animated eyes danced and sparkled confirmed her
existence but she knew the rest was merely a fanciful confection for her
benefit.

Lady Claire kept smiling and nodded appropriately while he spoke and watched her
storyteller with a show of mild enthusiasm.  She was far too polite to succumb
to the temptation to lean across the aisle, pat his knee and tell him to stop
trying to deceive her.  And she was too fond of him to cause any needless
embarrassment - in their time together working for UNICEF, colleagues had viewed
Stephen as a cold, calculating and distant man but she knew a totally different
side to his character.  Lady Claire would never forget the time they had been on
a joint visit to a war-torn, disease-ravaged part of Africa.  Late at night,
Stephen had found a bundle of filthy rags left at the compound's gate which
contained the emaciated form of a dying baby girl, probably abandoned by a
desperate mother or older sibling.  There was nothing they could do for the
child and Stephen had cradled the tiny form until dawn while her life mercifully
slipped away.  At the end the baby had looked up into Stephen's eyes, feebly
grasped his finger then sighed her last breath.  Then the man who many thought
taciturn and unfeeling to the point of rudeness had wept uncontrollably over the
still form, later explaining to Lady Claire that if the only comfort he could
give the child was to be cuddled and grieved over then he was not ashamed of his
tears.  Lady Claire's heart had melted for him and if he had been interested she
would gladly have become Stephen's lover...

And now, several years later, here they were on a jet crossing the channel to
London.  She noticed how he seemed thinner and looked particularly strained and
tired.  Stephen was definitely unwell in some way but she refrained from asking
what was wrong.  As he added further embellishments to the fairytale about
taking the girl on a shopping spree in Paris, her thoughts again wandered to the
day her youngest daughter had turned up unannounced at their Knightsbridge
offices from Oxford University just before her first year exams.  Nathalie had
been quite troubled on being introduced to Stephen for the first time,
complaining afterward that he had looked at her in the same way an owner
assessed a new racehorse - as if she was an untamed filly in need of being
broken in and put through her paces!  Odd how different people viewed the same
man.  "And you must take my car, Stephen.  Arriving at Roedean in a common taxi
will simply NOT do, even for an American!"  At least her deliberately facetious
remark had finally brought a smile to his face.  "I have no doubt your young
girl has standards to maintain and the way you are regarded by her peers is very
important to her now."  She spoke quickly to quell his protest.  "Clements and
the Bentley are at your disposal until you and the young lady have made other
suitable transport arrangements.  It is the least I can do for a dear friend." 
And he had certainly proved his friendship when Nathalie had inexplicably
dropped out from her studies to disappear without trace into an obscure,
mystical religious cult.  When she contacted Stephen in frantic despair, he had
dropped everything to come from Washington and help, revealing what she had
suspected for a long time - that he had extensive links and influence throughout
opposing sides of the Intelligence Community.  Sadly, it was all in vain and it
seemed as though her daughter had simply vanished into thin air - perhaps one
day Nathalie would return to her.  She was such a bright, dazzlingly pretty and
charming girl who would be aged 22 by now and Lady Claire missed her terribly...

"Ah well, there is really no need for the Bentley, my dear Claire - I am meeting
her in London and the Club is sending a limousine to Heathrow.  But I really do
appreciate your kind offer."  His fellow passenger smiled back and seemed
quietly amused by his response.  He knew he had to watch himself with Lady
Claire - she was far too intelligent and observant to be easily deceived and he
realized he had already said too much.  If she ever found out how he had
arranged her youngest daughter's abduction and enslavement, she was perfectly
capable of attempting to have him killed.  Stephen had always found Lady Claire
extremely attractive - if things had been different when they were younger,
perhaps they might have shared more than a professional...

... Alexa's trusting face suddenly intruded into his reverie.  He stared out of
the cabin window at the blanket of white that obscured the English Channel
below.   It was almost funny, in an ironic way.  His life was being disrupted so
effectively by a skinny little waitress from a run-down cafe in a poor part of
London.  He had just abandoned his role as a key negotiator at a pivotal
East-West Arms Summit, taken on a personal slave against his better judgment
when his health was failing, and yet...and yet he felt more alive and filled
with purpose than he had felt in years.  I WANT her, he realized, I want little
Alexa as MY personal property and she WILL kneel at my feet!

*****

The little girl in the flowery dress clutched her battered teddy bear and peered
through the wire cage at the sleeping naked prisoner within.  Filled with pity
and concern, she reached up to tug the hand of the kindly old lady by her side. 
The smiling lady bent down to whisper in her ear, making the child's anxious
face light up with joy.  As they moved away from the cage, the girl turned back
and looked lovingly at its fettered occupant who was beginning to stir, then she
silently danced by the old lady's side as they went directly through the heavily
locked metal door...

I am really going mad, she thought, to be dreaming of my grandma and even of
little Ellie - perhaps this means I'm going to die soon.  Alexa rubbed her eyes
and tried to work out why her imaginary childhood friend would be visiting her
troubled sleep with the ghost of her maternal grandmother who had cared for her
until she was aged three.  One had been pretend while the other had been real
but they both had something in common - she had loved them dearly and she wanted
to believe they had loved her back.   And Ellie had been holding Ted, even
though Alexa's precious soft toy had been callously tossed on the fire by one of
her mother's drunken lodgers as he had forced the struggling six year old
child's face down towards his...

Alexa shuddered and blanked out the awful memory, twisting uncomfortably in the
cramped cage to peer out along the harshly lit corridor.  The other cages were
empty now - each terrified occupant having been hauled out and dragged to their
unknown fates.  One, a stunning brunette, had offered her a faltering, uncertain
smile then slowly made a pattern of gestures repeatedly with her cuffed hands. 
It had taken Alexa several minutes before she realized her fellow-captive was
signing the alphabet in deaf language.  Slowly, painstakingly and with many
frustrating errors, they had communicated...

SUSAN MY NAME SUSAN...WHAT YOUR NAME

A-A-L-E-Y...A-L-E...X-A...M-Y NAME ALEXA

The pretty brunette gave a tiny smile of encouragement and waved, making her
fetter chains tinkle.  But the harsh metallic sound of her bonds distressed her
too much to continue for several minutes.  Alexa watched her silent weeping and
fought desperately not to sob herself, as it would only bring another severe
shock through her cruel collar.

WHERE WE AALEXA WHERE ARE WE

LON-DON THINK CENTRAL LONDON NEAR WEST-MINSTER

HOW COME HERE - I NOT REMEMBER ANYTHING - FEEL ILL TELL MY MUM THEN GO BED EARLY
- WAKE UP THIS PLACE NO CLOTHES IN CHAINS LIKE PRISONER

NOT PRI-SON THINK THIS CLUB BUT BAD VERY BAD MEN HURT AND DO BAD-THINGS SUSAN

The other girl looked so frightened and horrified by Alexa's warning.  The girls
mutely shared their experiences and feelings, slowly gaining speed and
confidence as they communicated with their fettered hands.  Susan explained she
had learned to sign from the Girl Scouts at her church but Alexa felt too
ashamed to admit she had been taught how to sign at a special class for backward
children  - she had become so withdrawn and lacking in confidence when younger
that she was thought to be unable to cope with normal education.  Susan had gone
on to sign that she was terribly afraid of being raped and that she was still a
virgin.  It took a long time before they could bring themselves to sign again as
the pretty young girl's body was wracked with uncontrollably violent but silent
sobbing, moving Alexa to fresh tears of compassion and despair.  But neither of
them dared make any sound for fear of setting off their punishment collars. 

During one long pause while Susan turned her face away and shook with distress,
Alexa tried to fill in the gaps in her own memory - knowing what sickening
abuses she must have endured while drugged wasn't going to be pleasant but NOT
knowing was also very frightening.  She THOUGHT she remembered being forced
along a corridor by the vile guard who had killed Max and hurt her so
badly...she BELIEVED he had sniggered as she was drugged then...NOTHING - it was
all blank.  Except for one very odd earlier memory of lying close to Cally on
the huge, plastic-covered bed in the Guest Suite.  The dusky slave had murmured
something extremely strange.  She had whispered that Alexa was 'a pretty weapon'
and she would aim her well!  But her attempt at seeking an explanation failed
when Cally had done something with her fingers to Alexa's clit, making her mew
in ecstatic abandon.  A weapon?  Why did Cally call her that - she was only a
weak girl, just a captive destined for slavery.  It simply didn't make any
sense...

And now even Susan was gone, brutally hauled out of her cage by her ankle chain
and then dragged between two uncaring guards out of sight.  As the metal doors
at the end of the corridor had swung open, Alexa felt sure she had heard muffled
screams.  She curled up, kissed the scrap of thread from Cally's hair and begged
in the tiniest whisper possible for the American man she had called 'master' to
arrive and claim her.  She would have prayed too but she had lost all hope that
any Deity might show the slightest interest in her suffering - no, at a very
young age Alexa had worked out that if there really was a God then He hated and
despised her and enjoyed tormenting her with dashed dreams.  But Alexa didn't
feel sorry for herself - what was the point when it hadn't changed a thing
during her childhood.  It was simpler just to resign herself to whatever scraps
of comfort Fate threw at her during her short, bleak life.  Better not to hope
because it always brings disappointment. 

Better not to pray either because it just brings more despair.

*****

"Goddam traffic!  My limo's gotten stuck on the M25."  Stephen jammed the mobile
phone into his pocket and stared in frustration through the tinted panoramic
window of the terminal's executive suite. 

He was surprised by a feminine arm sliding inside his own.  Lady Claire
whispered in her ear.  "You are not the only person around here with influence,
Stephen dear.  Clements is waiting at the foyer and I have called in a favor
from the Home Office."  She pointed down to a silver-gray Bentley flanked by two
police motorcycles.  "Go to your love, Stephen."  She lifted a gloved finger to
his protesting mouth.  "Go now and I shall forgive your feeble masculine attempt
at deceit!"  Stephen grinned and gently kissed her cheek before dashing to the
elevator.  "But Stephen, you have not even told me her name!"

He paused, whirled around and called out with an enigmatic smile "No, Claire, I
haven't!"  Then the lift doors closed.

*****

"You have nothing younger?"  Alexa felt a chill run through her spine as the
graveled, foreign voice next to her cage roused her from fitful sleep.  The man
looking though the wire stared at her with such pitiless, cold eyes that she
tried to huddle as far back from him as possible.  The guard who had hurt her so
badly when Max was killed came into view.

"The Organization doesn't cater for your 'specialist' tastes, sir."  His voice
dropped to a conspiratorial whisper.  "Bloody shame too if you ask me - I like
my fruit best just before it ripens, if you know what I mean.  But I do have a
contact in the city if you have something ahh 'still on the vine' in mind." 
Alexa listened to his chilling humor with growing fear and horror.

"No matter.  In Albania we do not worry about things like age - my brother and I
own several orphanages to keep a regular supply for our needs.  Giorgiou, what
do you think of this one?"  A taller, similarly featured man came across to
examine Alexa.  He was grinning from ear to ear but there was something
dreadfully cruel and predatory in his smile.  "Well, my brother - will this
bitch do?"

"I want to see how that spike we saw works, brother - she is not good looking
enough to fuck but I want to see her choke and dance on the chain as her body
rides down the metal pole."

The guard was opening Alexa's cage!  "Well sirs, this bitch was reserved but I
think her buyer's forgotten about her.  Anyway, there's plenty more meat to
choose from."  He leaned in and took hold of the chain between Alexa's ankles,
dragging her out by her feet.  Alexa began to struggle, desperately wanting to
scream in alarm but too afraid of her electric punishment collar to make a
sound.  This wasn't right - her new master was coming back!  They MUSTN'T do
this!  As soon as she was standing outside the cage, she began to fight against
the guard, sinking her teeth into his hand.  "OWWWW!  Why you vicious little
SLUT!"  The guard slammed Alexa against the cages and slapped her so hard across
her face that her lip began to bleed and her head spun.  Before she could
recover, a brutally large ball gag was being pushed against her resisting lips. 
"OPEN THAT FUCKING MOUTH!"  But she wouldn't do it.  The guard twisted her hair
to make her squeal and part her teeth.  Alexa clamped her jaws shut and tried to
turn away.  Then the taller of the brothers came across and began to crush her
nipples between his strong fingers.  In absolute agony, Alexa gasped
involuntarily and the guard took the opportunity to force the ball into her
mouth.  "Thank you, sir - proper fucking little vixen, this one!"   He made sure
the ball gag was tightly buckled behind her head then removed her punishment
collar.

"Mmmmphhh!!!  NNNNNNNNNN!!!!  PLSSSSSSSS NNNNNNNNN!"  Her desperate pleas were
ignored by the furious guard who dragged her past the laughing men and fastened
her neck inside a heavier, broad collar that dangled from an overhead chain. 
The collar was so wide it dug into the underside of her jaw, forcing her to chew
on the large rubber ball that filled her mouth.  He swiftly removed her cuffs
but gave her no time to even rub her sore wrists.  Alexa tried to shake her head
in frantic despair as her hands were yanked behind her back and forced up
between her shoulders only to be locked in heavy fetters connected to the rear
of her collar.  Then the horrible weighted cuffs were being clamped on her
ankles - Alexa knew there was no way she could escape but she struggled just the
same. 

"Before we get this fuck-slut on the spike sirs, I just want to give her a
personal farewell gift if you don't mind."  The Albanian brothers nodded and
watched with fascination as the guard gripped Alexa's left buttock and forced a
tapered butt plug into her anus.  "Can't let her mess the execution room," he
explained.  "Now, you filthy piece of SHIT..." The sudden punch into Alexa's
belly caught her unawares and she flopped forward, winded by the dreadful pain. 
The next blow slammed into her defenseless back, causing greater agony as the
guard targeted her kidneys.  More punches rained down as the guard shouted and
swore, taunting her with degrading comments about how ugly and useless she was. 
A series of hard slaps nearly knocked her senseless.

"Not the head, I want her awake for the spike."  The smaller of the brothers
intercepted the guard's fist before it struck Alexa's nose.

The guard nodded apologetically and released Alexa's dazed and bruised body from
the overhead chain.  "Sorry about that sirs - got a little carried away there." 
She was half-carried, half-dragged to the awful room where the limp body of the
oriental girl still hung impaled between her legs by the metal pole.  Alexa was
unable to do anything except mew piteously as her tormentor lifted her up on the
other trapdoor and secured her collar at the rear to the slow-release winch
chain.  He began to wind a handle, forcing her to her knees as the chain on the
back of the wide collar pulled her upwards.  Her face was inches away from the
end of the metal spike and she could see the way the bulbous tip was ringed by
sharp downwards-pointing barbs that would tear her inside if was pulled out! 
The guard continued to wind up the winch until Alexa was straining on tiptoe to
ease the awful pressure around her throat.  "If the winch is released too slow
the slut blacks out too soon to feel the spike going right up inside her belly. 
But if its too quick she gets thrust down too fast to get the full effect!"  The
guard came behind her and lifted her up until the end of the spike was nudging
her labia apart.  Then he let her down slowly, enjoying her shrieks as the
viciously serrated metal penis forced deeper into her vulva.    The guard
crouched down to make sure the bulbous end was penetrating her vagina enough so
she couldn't squirm clear.  Finally, he knelt down behind her and used a padlock
to secure her hobble chain around the spike's base, shortening the length so her
inner thighs rubbed against the cruel rod that was splaying her cunt lips as she
fought for relief with her toes. 

As the thinly smiling guard began to pull the black hood over her head, the
taller Albanian brother objected.  "No blindfold - I always like to see a girl's
face while she dies!" 

The guard chuckled and patted her cheek in a false show of affection.  "We
usually leave them standing like this, not knowing exactly when the trap's going
to spring.  But if she can see, there's no surprise.  Hmm, there's one or two
extra treats we can give the fuck-filth before I pull the lever."  He brought
over a small electric brazier and plugged it into a nearby socket.  "Takes
several minutes to heat up from cold sirs, but then you can try some creative
branding on her body if you like!  Meanwhile, we can give the bitch a little
juice..." He took two coiled wires from a hook on the wall and attached the
terminals to the base of the plug in her rectum and the shaft just above her
ankles.  Then he began to twist a dial on the wall.  Alexa shrieked as the metal
intruders that were probing her cunt and ass suddenly burned her sensitive
orifices with violent shocks.  The smiling tall Albanian moved closer to watch
her writhing in incredible pain.  "Careful sir, don't want you getting a nasty
shock so please put these on if you want to touch her."  The man took the
offered rubber gloves then began to sensually fondle Alexa's body while she
shook in fear and torment.  He subjected her to a vile parody of a lover's
touch, stroking and rubbing her breasts, buttocks and the front of her cleft as
she endured the dreadful electric violation of her sensitive parts.  Alexa
realized through a blur of pain that the man was intent on making her climax! 
He never took his smiling eyes away from hers as she shook and wailed in his
cruelly expert hands.

"Soon be ready with the pokers sirs, best to let the tips glow yellow-orange or
they only burn the top layers of skin."  Alexa shrieked and moaned as the
Albanian's skillful fingers drew her over the edge into painful orgasm.

"WHAT IN HELL ARE YOU DOING TO MY PROPERTY?"




ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - PART 6

By slave ruthie

As the startled guard spun around, he nearly dropped the glowing poker at the
sight of the livid fury in the American's face.  "Uhh, Master Stephen!  We never
thought you were serious about coming back for this useless fuck-slut.  Look,
there's some very good bitches due in this afternoon who are much prettier
than..."

"PUT THAT POKER DOWN AND RELEASE MY SLAVE IMMEDIATELY!"  Stephen advanced
towards Alexa's torturer and felt in his jacket pocket for the small knife he
always carried.  This guard had been too insolent in the past and now he had
been caught red-handed abusing a master's personal slave without authorization -
HIS personal slave, he thought with rising anger as he narrowed the gap between
them.  The Albanian brothers were watching the scene with mild amusement as the
panicking guard suddenly reached for the trapdoor's lever.

"No reason to get excited, sir - look, the fuck-filth's ready for the drop now
and we don't want to disappoint the new members here, do we?"  Just as Stephen
lunged forward in fury, the desperate guard parried the knife with the glowing
poker and knocked the lever down.  Alexa, who had watched with relief as her
American confronted the guard, suddenly felt the trapdoor under her feet give
way.  Her wail was choked into a long gurgle of panic as the first click of the
ratchet above her head signaled that her slow impalement on the electrified
spike had begun!  The pressure on her throat was awful but not enough to crush
her windpipe or make her black out.  Another harsh click sounded as her writhing
body slid further onto the brutal skewer.  She rolled her eyes in agony and bit
down on the ball in her mouth in response to the excruciating pain that was
assaulting her senses.  The angry shouting rang in her ears but she knew it was
too late - her American master had returned only to helplessly witness her
torture and execution.

Stephen yelled in pain and anger as the tip of the poker burned through his
jacket to sear his arm.  This guard was behaving like a madman - perhaps he knew
there was no way back from what he had done and felt he had nothing to lose.  He
was advancing with the smoldering poker and there was no way Stephen could reach
his Alexa before the spike ruptured her insides - the serrated tip would soon
tear past her cervix, causing irreparable damage.  The ratchet clicked again. 
His slave was thrashing and gurgling with wild, terrified eyes that were
beginning to roll upwards as her life was slowly choked away.  She suddenly lost
control of her bladder, spraying a jet of hot urine over her trembling legs.  If
she wasn't saved NOW, it would be too late - a tiny rivulet of bright red blood
was already beginning to trickle down the inside of her thigh.

The sneering guard thrust forward with the poker.  "Why did you have to spoil
things by coming back for the ugly little bitch?  You Yanks are all the damn
same - think you own the fucking WORLD!"

"Oh Giorgiou, would you..."  But the taller Albanian had read his brother's mind
and swiftly rammed a stiletto knife up to its hilt in the side of the guard's
neck just below his ear.  The effect was immediate as the man's body collapsed
forward on the sizzling poker without even gasping in shock.   

"UUUURKKKKKKKKKK...KKKK...KKK...KK...K..." 
Stephen leapt over the dead guard's body towards Alexa only to discover the
smaller Albanian crime lord had already seized hold of the chain between the
girl's ankles, preventing her from slipping further down the spike.  "A big
mistake, Stephanos - insulting our new country.  Anyway, we Americans DO rule
the world, don't we?"  He looked up with complete indifference at the gasping
face of the slave whose life now depended upon him maintaining his grip on her
ankle fetters, seemingly oblivious to the electric shocks that must have been
hurting his own hand.  "This plain girl is truly your property?  You have
strange tastes in female attractiveness, my friend.  The least of our imports is
like a star compared to this...creature.  Still, if my brother and I had known
the girl belongs to you we would not have touched her - please forgive our
ignorance.  Now...will you...turn off...the shocks...before I lose...the feeling
in...my... fingers?"

"Yes, yes - but for mercy's sake KEEP HER LIKE THAT WHILE I GET SOME HELP!" 
Stephen didn't care about the brothers' disdain for his slave's looks.  He
yanked the electric cables from the wall then snatched up a phone and demanded
immediate medical aid.  Returning to his slave, he carefully freed the base of
the spike from its floor clamp.  Alexa could now be lowered without further
internal damage.  When Stephen reached up to release her collar from the winch
chain, he was surprised by her fettered hands clutching the front of his ruined
jacket in relief.  How on earth had she managed to release her own cuffs from
the steel ring at the back of her collar?  He felt the ring with his fingers -
it seemed to have been stretched and wrenched apart by brute force!  But this
feeble little slave could never have summoned enough strength to do that, could
she?  Now was not the time to question Alexa.  He quietly pocketed the snapped
ring and concentrated on saving her from more injury.  Very carefully, avoiding
the cruel shaft that was partially embedded in her cunt, he laid Alexa on the
floor and gently removed her ball gag.  "I thought I had lost you forever, my
little slave."  But she had mercifully fainted and made no reply.

*****

"You are keeping something from me, Duncan."  Alexa's master stared through the
Infirmary's observation window at the tiny, curled form of his slave on the bare
bed.  He had been joined by his good friend, the Club's medical director.  "Its
something about Alexa, isn't it?"  He took the broken ring out of his pocket and
handed it to the doctor.  "Not metal fatigue, not a faulty weld - it was sheared
by force even though her wrists were pinned high up behind her back."  The
doctor stared through the glass at his patient, unable to look him in the eyes. 
"Damn it, Duncan - just TELL me, for God's sake!"

"Ahh, she...isn't normal, Stephen.  She has certain ahh...genetic variations in
her DNA."  This was too bloody difficult - how could he gently let down a dying
man by saying his slave should be put to sleep?

"Surely you don't think..."  No, it was impossible!  "...she is one of the
Roslyn girls?  But they were ALL accounted for, weren't they.  How the hell CAN
she be an engineered female?  There were only nineteen born alive, half of those
died in infancy from their defects, and the others were too mentally backward or
aggressive to train."  He didn't need to remind the doctor about the failed
experiment to breed enhanced submissive girls.  The only one who had been of any
use had reached puberty at the hugely accelerated rate which killed so many of
her 'sisters' in infancy but she had suddenly turned on her trainer without
warning to scratch out his eyes with her bare hands before attacking and
disfiguring her own body.  The Organization had decided to abandon its research
and stick to harvesting so-called 'free-range' girls who were in globally
abundant supply...

"Stephen, I think Alexa is perhaps the other half of unknown mono-zygotic twins. 
According to the records, the female host gave birth prematurely at her mother's
home instead of at the Edinburgh clinic and she apparently never told us there
were TWO baby girls - she only reported ONE stillborn child, collected the
arranged surrogacy fee then we lost contact with her.  Alexa seems to have spent
her first three years living with her grandmother before moving to London - she
was registered as an illegitimate child so we didn't even know she existed.  You
do realize what this means, don't you Stephen?  Alexa is the only surviving
Roslyn fetus - which makes her potentially dangerous to the Organization.  I'm
very sorry about this but she should be destroyed."  His voice had dropped to a
whisper.

She looked so innocent and vulnerable, lying on the PVC mattress with her collar
secured by a chain to one of the rings on the bench.  Alexa turned onto her
back, exposing the two sutured incisions on either side of her abdomen where her
ovaries had been removed.  Her submissive nature was obvious even in sleep - she
was clutching her collar chain with both hands for comfort.  "You thought of
letting her die in theater, didn't you Duncan - it would have been so
easy...just slice through an artery, puncture her intestine or simply increase
the anesthetic...but you didn't kill her.  Why not?"

"Stephen, I..."  The words weren't adequate.  "...I was very tempted but I know
how much this wee girl means to you.  I'm leaving the decision in your hands. 
If you wish, we can end this right now."  He held up a syringe filled with a
clear, yellow liquid.  "It will happen so fast she won't feel a thing after the
needle enters her vein.  But if you choose to keep her, don't tell ANYONE about
her origins as she will have to be immediately culled." 

Both men watched Alexa turn again but now in fitful sleep, as though she sensed
danger even when dreaming - and what was she dreaming about, Stephen pondered. 
"Put the syringe away, Duncan.  I intend to have this girl as my personal slave. 
Damned if I know why but I feel she MUST kneel at my feet.  Perhaps this goddam
cancer is affecting my mind - when I told Yasov I was resigning from NATO to
train a slave he didn't laugh.  Duncan, know what Yasov said?  'Follow your
heart and instincts'.  But my instincts go against every logical argument. 
She's not terribly pretty, I haven't long to live, and now she turns out to be
potentially defective.  And yet...and yet it FEELS right to take little Alexa as
my personal slave - is this the madness of desire or the foolishness of a dying
man?"

The doctor chose not to comment.  He knew when to listen and when not to
respond.  "I took the liberty of sterilizing her now rather than later, Stephen. 
All the records that might give away her true genetic origins have been
destroyed."  He looked his old friend in the eyes.  "Please be very careful -
you have one year of relative health before...well, you know.  You can't leave
her behind - make arrangements in case you aren't around to deal with Alexa. 
And be very, very careful to keep her heavily restrained during any excessive
trauma - at least initially during her training until you know her limits. 
There is a high risk that your slave may potentially react with unpredictable
violence to extreme over-stimulation." 

"I'm going to ask Charles to take care of Alexa if...if I'm not around - he
doesn't have to know why but I know he'll do what is necessary should the need
arise."  The doctor nodded and smiled to show he could not have chosen a better
person to deal with his slave when the time came.  " Duncan," Stephen offered
his hand.  "Thank you for this chance - I'm damned if I know why I'm doing this
but I promise you I'm going to make Alexa the most outstanding slave the
Organization has ever seen!"

*****

Time...time to wake.  Ohh no, I've overslept!  Must get up, must go to work, be
late for the cafe...he'll cut my wages...he'll hit me...WHERE AM I?  Instead of
the blurred half-dream of strange voices, smells and white she had experienced
for what seemed like ages, she was suddenly alert and clear-headed
and...Alarmed!

Alexa sat bolt upright in the bare, white cell and winced at the sharp
discomfort in her belly.  Her hand moved down and gingerly explored the bright
yellow dyed skin with two rows of tiny, black stitches on either side of her
abdomen.  Why had they operated down there?  She knew she had been hurt inside
her privates but the guard hadn't done anything to her belly except punch her so
hard she could barely breathe.  She explored the fading bruises on her ribs. 
How long ago had she been assaulted - days or weeks?  Her pussy and backside
were a little sore but there was something else - the front of her privates felt
somehow...different.  There was a full-length mirror on the wall.  Alexa swung
her legs down off the plastic mattress and nearly fell - she had misjudged the
height of her metal bed that was nearly at her waist when she stood up.  She
padded unsteadily across the tiled floor to look at herself.  There was just
enough slack on the collar chain to stand before the glass - not a very pretty
sight.  She gently peeled her pussy lips apart and stared at her reflection in
amazement - the skin covering the top between her labia had been removed,
exposing the length of her clit!  It seemed much bigger without the hood and
when she touched it with her finger, she gasped in surprise and jumped at the
painful yet erotic sensation.  She was so absorbed by the mutilation of her
vulva that she nearly didn't hear the door being unlocked.  In a panic, she
clambered back up on the high bed and hunched herself up.  The American had
arrived!  He placed a black leather holdall on the floor then just stood there,
examining her appraisingly.

"Well, do you like the alteration Alexa?  Your capacity for sexual pleasure will
be far greater than anything you have previously experienced - trust me on that,
my little English slave."  He was grinning at her.  Alexa felt tears of relief
and joy brimming over her eyelids.  When he patted his thigh, she thoughtlessly
leapt from the bed and nearly stumbled in pain from her tender insides.  But he
was HERE and she didn't care about the discomfort any more.  She was soon
kneeling and clasping his legs so tightly he nearly overbalanced.  "Hey, whoa
slave!"  Suddenly abashed, Alexa pulled back for fear of offending him.  A
finger gently lifted her chin.  "You're some kid, you know.  Are you recovered
from your ordeal?"

"Ohh m-master, ohhh..."  Alexa wiped her eyes and looked up at her wonderful
American who had come back for her.  "I uhh I feel ummm sore down below - m-my
tummy is a bit s-sore but it doesn't matter now you're here."  Her voice had
trailed into an uncertain whisper - what if she offended this man by her
familiarity.  But his hand moved to ruffle her hair then slid down the back of
her head to firmly grasp her collar.  The feelings of protection and being
safely controlled were so intense it made her shiver with newfound delight. 
"Ummm p-please m-master?"

"What is it, my little slave?"

"The umm, the cuts down here...on my t-tummy - I d-don't understand..."

"Ahh - you have been sterilized, Alexa.  The doctor felt it was appropriate to
remove your ovaries while you were in theater."  He could feel her beginning to
tremble as his new slave tried very hard not to cry.  "You could never have
conceived anyway, Alexa - the doctor told me about your endometriosis and the
pain it caused.  You will not suffer any side effects, though.  The HRT implants
in your upper arm will keep you in excellent condition, in fact you will be in
permanent heat!"  But she wasn't listening.  His slave had sagged to the floor
and was quietly sobbing in shock and grief for the baby she could now never
have...

He let her cry it all out, in fact he had decided to act with such deliberate
insensitivity to cause her emotional outburst.  Stephen had handled enough girls
since joining the Organization to know how important freely expressed tears were
to their training and well-being.  'The slave who stops crying is too wounded to
serve well' - the words of his uncle when he joined the Organization still rang
true.  The anguished weeping was for her own good.  Stephen waited until the
sobs had turned to mournful whimpers.  "Hush now, little slave - you will
exhaust yourself and we can't have that.  I am well aware of your sadness but it
is for the best and you will come to learn I am right."  He knelt down and
gently stroked her hair.  "I want this grown long - all the way to your waist
eventually.  And your hair should be kept off your pretty face, my slave." 
Alexa let out a tiny gasp and lifted her hand to her wet cheek only to have it
gently but firmly removed by her new master - he had called her face 'pretty'
and he truly meant it!  He unlocked her collar and opened the holdall.

"Time for us to leave soon, little Alexa - time to start anew and to put your
miserable life in London behind us.  I want to be at the Chateau by early
evening.  Put this on and be quick about it, slave."  Alexa marveled at the
outfit he removed and handed her from the holdall.  It was bright red and was
made from an incredibly stretchy yet shiny material.  As she examined the
garment, she realized it would cover her whole body like a tight suit.  There
was a long, black zip from the high collar down the front that went all the way
under between suit's legs!  Alexa followed the line of the zip with her fingers
to the lower back where there were two more fastenings.  It suddenly dawned on
her that even when fully dressed in the body suit, her private parts could still
be exposed for...  "Hurry up, Alexa - open the zip on your catsuit.  It should
fit you well, except you are a bit small in the chest.  My good friend the
doctor assures me with proper nourishment and the enhanced HRT treatment your
bust size will improve."  She sat on the hard cell floor and carefully drew the
long zip down from the collar.  But when she reached the crotch, he signaled her
to stop before she opened it all the way underneath.  "That is not necessary to
put it on properly, slave."  She had the most peculiar sensation as she slid her
feet down the clingy legs of the catsuit - it was the most erotic, sensual thing
she had ever worn and she knew it would make her feel very aroused.  With a
shiver of anticipation, she stood to pull the tight suit up to her waist.  A
tiny squeal escaped from her mouth after she slid her hands down the sleeves
then shrugged the catsuit over her shoulders.

"What is it, slave - something troubling you?"  But he looked amused, not
concerned

"Uhh, n-no master - its just ummmm, tight between...rubbing inside my..."  She
was too embarrassed to continue.

"Is the catsuit so uncomfortable, Alexa?  Is the zip too painful?"  With a broad
smile on his face, he made a great show of bending down to examine where the
black zip was firmly riding along the pronounced cleft of her pussy.

"N-no master - its ummm, its...its nice."  Her face felt so warm that she didn't
dare look up. 

His hand took hold of her chin, forcing her to meet his gaze.  "You blush very
prettily, my young slave but you have absolutely nothing to be ashamed about. 
Delight in your body's animal sexuality - I certainly intend to!"  And THAT made
her blush even more...

Stephen noted with amusement that Alexa kept sneaking quick glances at her
reflection in the two-way mirror.  When the zip on the catsuit was properly
fastened at the neck just under her chin, he motioned towards the glass.  "Go
on, take a proper look at yourself."  She stood, suddenly awkward and
self-conscious then shyly peeped in amazement at the girl opposite in the sleek,
figure-hugging catsuit.  "Red denotes a novice - a slave in training.  Hmm, the
legs and sleeves are slightly too long but the fit on your body is actually
quite good.  Turn around, Alexa - what do you see?"

"Umm, the suit's ummm, very sexy and pretty, master."  She breathed out the
words as though she could hardly speak for joy.

Did she have any idea of the effect her soft voice had on him?  "Slave, the
catsuit is neither of those things on its own - it is the girl who wears a
garment that counts."  Her innocent expression slowly changed into a beaming
smile and she touched her cheek then looked directly into his eyes, showing him
that she finally understood he found her attractive - had no man ever paid a
compliment to this girl before?  It seemed as though he was the first person to
tell her she looked nice!  He could easily watch her all day as her deeply
hidden sensuality blossomed but they had a flight to catch.  He reached into the
holdall and called her to him.  "Over here, Alexa - hold out your wrists."  She
did as she was told without question and never flinched while each broad metal
cuff was securely locked in place.  "Spread your feet apart a little."  Again,
she complied without uncertainty or complaint as the chain-hobbled cuffs clicked
shut around her slim ankles.  "Good girl - chin up."  Immediate obedience - the
broad leather posture collar was soon buckled around her neck and locked through
its hasps at the rear.  As he walked around her, she automatically moved her
arms behind her back for him to secure her cuffs together on the familiar short
chain dangling between her shoulders.  This girl was so eager to please that he
couldn't help smiling at her trusting compliance.

Alexa was unable to stop herself from trembling as the man who had utterly
transformed her life touched her hair.  "P-please...m-master?"  He smiled,
waiting for her to continue.  "I, umm...don't know your, I mean is it allowed
c-can I..."  Her voice faltering, she finally managed to blurt it out.  "...know
y-your n-name?"

"Slave, your master's name is Stephen.  Close friends call me Steve but only
YOU, my little slave, are entitled to say you are 'master Stephen's slave'. 
You're shaking, Alexa - I want you to respect me, not fear me.  Slave, are you
frightened of me?"  He lifted her chin and looked into her rapidly blinking
eyes.  "Do I truly scare you?"

"N-no, m-master - its me...I umm, scare m-myself!"  He sighed, took her head in
both of his hands, reached down and kissed her on her lips.  A gentle groan of
incredible relief and desire escaped her covered mouth as she helplessly sagged
into his embrace.

It was his turn to groan.  "I cannot wait - you have distracted your master too
much, little slave.  Hell, I was planning to do this when we got home to the
Chateau..."

HOME!!!  Alexa's already racing heart leapt at the word - she hadn't belonged
anywhere, hadn't felt at home since her dimly remembered infancy at her
grandmother's house.  And now her master, an American called Stephen who had
taken her into slavery just a few days or weeks ago was taking her HOME.  How
could she possibly fear him when it all felt so wonderfully RIGHT?

He scooped her up, carried her across the cell and sat her on the edge of the
bed, kissing her once more before sliding his little finger under the leather to
catch and pull down the ring on the catsuit's zip.  "See the effect you have on
your master, little vixen.  That rogue guard apparently described you to his
colleagues as a witch - perhaps in this alone he was right.  Let's see exactly
what spells you can conjure, my hot little slave..."  He made her sit on the end
of the mattress while he fetched over the holdall then rummaged through the
contents and fetched out a handful of chains and padlocks.  Alexa tried to peer
down while he removed the hobble chain between her ankles then pulled her left
leg out to the side.  He used a length of chain and a padlock to secure her foot
then did the same to her right leg so she was fettered to the corners at the
foot of the metal bench that had served as her bed for the past...how many days?

She was being pushed forward while her wrists were freed from the collar chain
but the cuffs were still locked together.  Alexa gasped as more cuffs were
clamped shut on her upper arms and locked together, forcing her elbows nearer
each other.  When he took a ball gag out of the holdall and held it to her
trembling lips, she searched his face for reassurance - why the extra
restraints?  Was he going to punish her?  What had she done wrong?  But he
smiled, tweaked the end of her snub nose and enigmatically murmured "Doctor's
orders, little slave."  Alexa dutifully opened her mouth and waited while the
straps were buckled together behind her neck.  He gently pushed her back until
she lay on top of her pinioned arms and pulled the collar chain up above her
head.  She felt the chain tighten as it was padlocked to another length - she
was utterly helpless now, fettered and chained with her backside half off the
bottom edge of the PVC mattress, her ankles locked apart and her upper body
immobilized.  He began to draw the zip completely down the front of her catsuit,
grinning as she hissed in pleasure-pain when the fastener moved across the front
of her puckered labia.  "Your clitoris appears very swollen and exposed, little
slave - the doctor did a good job with the collagen injections and removal of
the hood."  When he touched her down below, she jerked in erotic shock.  "Just
as well they bolted this frame to the floor, slave!  Hmm...no time like the
present I reckon, even though I feel like I can't wait another moment."  He
chuckled, stroked her brow then joked, "Don't you go away now - I'll only be a
few minutes."

The minutes seemed like hours to Alexa as she squirmed uncomfortably and stared
up at the plain white ceiling.  Why had he left her like this?  Was he going to
rape her or not?  Was he planning to torture her?  She tried to make sense of
her thoughts - she should have been frantic with terror and despair, overwhelmed
by her predicament and the brutality she had previously witnessed and
experienced.  But she felt elated and incredibly aroused.  Was she still
drugged?  She had only a few hazy memories after being rescued from the awful
pain as she was choked while slipping down the spike in her vagina.  There had
been soft voices, peculiar tastes and smells like antiseptic or metal.  There
were vague feelings too - stabbing sensations in her arm, being steadied as she
was taken to the toilet, fed or bathed...it was as though she had inhabited a
semi-realistic dream world of unknown duration.  Her thoughts were rudely
interrupted by the American's return.  "Best get these done now, slave."  She
couldn't see what was happening as the wide leather collar on its taut chain
prevented her from looking down her body.  He was pulling the sides of the
catsuit apart to expose her breasts.  "Its a master's prerogative to choose how
his slave's body is adorned, little Alexa.  You will have three piercings...for
now."  She tensed at a stinging cold sensation in her left nipple as he rubbed
it with a tissue.  He held up what looked like a pair of steel pincers.  She
could see the curved needle-like points of an opened gold ring held inside the
jaws!  Taking hold of the tip of her breast with the finger and thumb of his
left hand, her master positioned the sharp points on either side of her swollen
bud and squeezed....

Alexa emitted a sharp squeal as pain flooded through her newly pierced flesh. 
Her master briefly glanced at her shocked face before dabbing the tiny spots of
blood from the puncture wounds on either side of her nipple.  He rotated the
gold ring to ensure a good joint had been made and nodded with satisfaction. 
Knowing what was going to happen as he swabbed her right nipple did nothing to
reduce the painful shock of her second piercing.  But the discomfort was
strangely gratifying and Alexa was feeling desperately aroused by her fettered
helplessness and the intimate attentions of her new master.  "Just one more
ring, my little slave."  One more?  But where...OHH NO!!!  Surely he wasn't
going to...

She struggled as the alcohol-soaked swap stung her clit; she screamed as the
sharp tips of the opened ring began to bite into the sides of her swollen
member; she howled as he pushed two fingers into her vagina while the pincers
squeezed shut.  The severe pain was too much - Alexa stiffened in her fetters,
clamped her teeth down on the rubber ball in her mouth and shrieked as sexual
agony was transformed to bittersweet ecstasy.  She could hear herself distantly
crying in abandon under her master's sure touch, then...nothing.




ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - PART 7

By slave ruthie

"...Didn't tell me you were a fainter, slave - that means a further ring is
required to prevent you from choking.  Put out your tongue, Alexa." 

Had she just heard him correctly?  Still dazed by her violent orgasm, Alexa
slowly realized the ball gag was gone and she could move her head just a little
before the slackened collar chain went taut again.  "Uhh, m-my t-tongue? 
Master, please n-n..." The expression on his face clearly meant he would permit
no argument.  Alexa tentatively parted her lips and stuck the tip out.  He was
ready with the forceps and surprised her by firmly gripping and pulling her
tongue forward before she could protest.  "Uhhhhnnnn!"  His other hand was
holding the pincers and moved across her vision to disappear below her nose. 
"UUUUURRRRRRNNNNNNNGGHHHH!!!"  Then it was all over.  Alexa tasted blood and
felt the alien object rubbing against the inside of her gums.  She hadn't fully
taken in what had just happened but the new sensations inside her mouth forced
her to accept the stark reality - he had just pierced her tongue right through
with another gold ring and it HURT!

He soothed her deeply shocked expression by gently stroking her cheek.  "There
is only a minimal risk of infection from the piercings, Alexa - the rings are
pure gold on a tungsten steel alloy."  Returning to the holdall, he came back
holding up a new gag on a wide leather strap but this one was shaped like the
end of a man's erect penis and had a tiny clip halfway along the mercifully
short but alarmingly thick, black rubber shaft.  "Now we won't have to worry
about you choking, slave.  Open your mouth as wide as you can and put out the
tip of your tongue as far as possible, Alexa."  She wasn't happy about obeying
and nearly refused but she already knew there would be no denying her master's
wishes - not just about the gag but about ANYTHING he desired.  The black rubber
end tasted bitter and squeaked as it rubbed against the edges of her teeth
before pressing uncomfortably against the roof of her mouth and her freshly
pierced tongue.  She didn't feel him clip the ring to the shaft but as he began
to push the gag deeper into her mouth, her tongue was firmly captured just
behind her jaw.  Alexa moaned uncertainly as he pulled her head forward by her
hair then tightened the ends of the straps together behind her neck.  With the
collar chain stretched tightly above her head once more, Alexa was utterly
helpless again - so why was he using even MORE tight chains to secure her waist,
chest and hips to the high bed frame?  WHAT WAS HE GOING TO DO?

What her master did was to gently attach a slim chain between her nipple rings
before fitting a longer connecting chain to her clitoris ring - she couldn't see
any of this as he stood between her shaking thighs but when he began to lift the
chain up away from her body, her eyes grew huge with alarm.  "Don't fight the
pain, Alexa - accept it and turn it...into pleasure."  Then he entered her in a
single, deep thrust.  She gasped and clenched her cuffed fists under her
buttocks as he slowly withdrew then rammed the length of his cock home while
pulling the interlinked chain upwards.  Her mind reeled under the sheer enormity
of the sensations now assaulting her body.  Again, the slow, near withdrawal was
followed by another cervix-jarring thrust.  And at each successive rapid
penetration, the rings through her three sensitive points were tugged upwards to
amplify the incredible feelings in her body.  Alexa shrieked and bore down on
his stiff penis as he maintained the cruel rhythm.  It HURT dreadfully but it
was also NICE...and that thought shocked her to her core.  The fetters, her
helplessness to do anything but submit to what was happening, the way he had
complete control over her - all seemed to destroy her mental barriers one by one
and allowed raw, savage pleasure to dominate her mind.  Her master seemed to
read her like an open book, maintaining the pattern of rapid penetration and
harsh tension on her three pierced buds, sensing the tension mounting as
she...as she...  UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!! 

He sighed with pleasure while he emptied himself in the girl's writhing and
straining body.  It had been too long - the satisfaction of possessing your OWN
slave far surpassed simply using one of the available house slaves.  Little
Alexa had tightened on him as he came and had responded magnificently - she
would be a delight to train.  "You sing very sweetly, little bird.  Hmm, I am
beginning to understand why your initial Slave Index rating was set so high by
the good doctor.  I can hardly wait to teach you how to achieve a proper orgasm,
Alexa."

'Proper orgasm'?  She felt so drained and weak that the idea of climaxing more
intensely terrified her.  Alexa was tired to the point where her arms and legs
were limp with exhaustion.  She felt hot and sticky inside the shiny catsuit
after her sexual ordeal and she barely registered the chains and fetters being
unlocked.  He had to prop her up while the gag was freed from her mouth.  "Well,
we can't travel like this, little slave - let's get cleaned up.  Can you walk?"

"I-I think so.  Ohhh!  I m-mean yes master, I think so."  He steadied her as she
peeled off the catsuit then, gripping her firmly around her right wrist, led her
towards the door.  Her quivering legs gave way after two steps.  Alexa tried to
crawl but she found herself being lifted into his arms and carried by the man
who had found her, claimed her as his property and taken her to sexual heights
that she didn't know were possible.  And he had hinted at even greater sensual
experiences to come! 

She wasn't prepared for what followed and felt terribly self-conscious and a
little shy as she was gently washed by her master who stood naked beside her in
the shower.  He was so tall when they were close up that her eyes were barely
level with the nipples on his powerful chest.  It was the first time in her life
that she had experienced tender intimacy like this from a man and it was very
unsettling - men had used her, men had hurt her, men had threatened and bullied
her...but this man was different.  Her confused, silent tears were mercifully
hidden by the spray and steam but the sob when he began to wash her hair was
immediately noted.  Her chin was being raised by a finger, forcing her to look
into his smiling eyes.  "Little one," he murmured, "my slave, my Alexa - I..." 

But whatever he intended to say was forgotten in the moment.  He lifted the
girl, light as a feather, pinning her against the tiled wall as he fiercely
kissed her waiting mouth.  Alexa moaned and responded by wrapping her arms
around his neck and her legs around his waist.  Her newly pierced and ringed
breasts rubbed against his body as she slithered down the wet wall to be impaled
on his erection.  Her gasp allowed him to slide his tongue between her teeth. 
Her own flickering tongue touched him, the ring serving as a sweet reminder that
she was his possession now.  She felt his hands gripping her buttocks and
pulling them open, his strong fingers reaching inside her cleft, one finger
pressing firmly against...OHHHHHH!

"No, don't tighten yet.  Relax yourself my little slave - accept me inside you. 
You'll discover it is worth it."  So she submitted to the triple penetration of
her mouth, pussy and backside...
and found out...
of course...
that he...
was...
right.

*****

It was actually possible to move quite fast despite the heavy ankle cuffs and
the short hobble chain.  The trick, Alexa had realized was to lift her feet
higher than normal with each step while keeping the chain taut between strides. 
It was a funny way to walk - almost like dancing or trotting like a little pony. 
But at least she had stopped tripping herself or stumbling against the guard who
was tugging her along by her leash chain.  Dressed in a clean, shiny red catsuit
but whose arms and sleeves were even longer than the first one she had worn,
Alexa had been placed in wrist and ankle cuffs then collared and gagged as
usual.  But the guards who had collected her from the infirmary had used heavier
fetters to restrain her.  And they had been very rough when her hands were
locked behind and up her back.  Where was her master?  He had left her to
recover from their intense lovemaking and hadn't returned.  There was something
else different about the way the guards had restrained her.  They had locked a
tight steel band around her waist then fitted another curved band up between her
legs.  Secured to the front and rear of the waistband, it rode snugly between
her buttocks and pressed against her private parts.  It rubbed and tugged at
each step, driving her nearly mad with the erotic tingling it was setting off in
her pussy.  She felt damp between her legs - damp and hot.  It was nice and it
wasn't nice at the same time.  It was very distracting and very frustrating too.

"C'mon, you ugly dwarf-bitch - the doctor wants to see you before we get your
sorry excuse of a cunt exported.  We'll have to fumigate the infirmary cell to
get rid of your stink, filthy little guard-killer."  Why were they being so
horrible and cruel?  Alexa could hardly wait to get away from this awful place -
surely the Belgian chateau HAD to be better than here.  The dark-featured guard
yanked on the leash, as though he actually wanted her to fall and hurt herself. 
She could barely keep pace with his fast strides.  When they reached the surgery
door, he grasped a handful of her hair and forced her to kneel.  "Not a fuckin'
word of complaint, mind - unless you want us guards to give you a special
send-off."  His snarling face was inches from her own.  What could she do but
nod in fear and submission?  He seemed satisfied and knocked on the door.

The doctor took one look at her then his face darkened in rage.  "Idiots!  Do
you WANT to offend her master?  Get that belt off her immediately and remove
those cuffs while you are at it."  He stormed over to his desk and picked up the
phone.  "I want to see the watch supervisor in my surgery.  I DON'T CARE WHAT
HE'S DOING."  Alexa shook at the fury in his voice.  "Yes - in the surgery NOW!" 
He slammed down the receiver and thrust out his palm at the stunned guard.  "Oh
for goodness sake!  Just give me the keys and get out of my sight before I have
your contract terminated."  The guard blanched, thrust the keys into the
doctor's hand and withdrew from the room.  But the look of pure hatred he gave
Alexa as he brushed past made her cringe in fright.  But the blessed relief as
the belt's front and rear locks were released was so wonderful she quickly
forgot the ominous scowl on the guard's face.  "These cuffs are far too heavy
and tight - can you move your fingers, Alexa?"

She nodded and mumbled past the gag but winced and tried to rub away the pins
and needles in her aching wrists as sensation returned to her numb hands. 
"Here, let me see your fingernails.  Hmm...at least the sleeves on your suit are
long enough to go under the metal."  He gently flexed her hands, concentrating
on the right one.  "Good - the dislocation has caused no lasting damage?"  She
shook her head.  A soft knock on the door signaled the arrival of the
supervisor.  "Come in."  The doctor gently but firmly pressed down on Alexa's
shoulders, making her kneel.  He rounded on the supervisor before the man could
say a word.  "Have your men ANY idea who this girl will belong to?  Look at
these cuffs - far too heavy and adjusted far too tight.  If she had been shipped
like that, she would have probably lost some of her fingers to gangrene! 
Doesn't your staff realize they have insulted a visiting master by their
stupidity?  And not just ANY master, oh no - your men have been abusing the
future property of a senior member of the Council!  It is just as well the Head
of Security isn't here to deal with you."

The other man coughed and looked decidedly unhappy with being dressed down in
front of Alexa, and kept looking in her direction with a mixture of loathing and
anger.  "With all due respect doctor, she hasn't been formally collared and
wears no master's mark.  My staff were only having a little fun with the
bi...with the girl before she gets shipped." 

"A LITTLE FUN?"  At first, Alexa listened to their argument with a feeling of
gratitude towards the doctor for caring about her welfare but her heart slowly
sank as he repeatedly described her as nothing more than an item of valuable
property - he wasn't interested in her feelings at all but only in maintaining
the condition of her body for somebody else's benefit.  I will not cry, I
w-won't, I-I w-w-w... at least she'd learned the trick of making no noise as she
wept - a bitter lesson from her travesty of a childhood.  With her head down and
shoulders hunched, she tried to become invisible as their raised voices echoed
around the room.  Ohh master, please come get me - I can't bear it!  The
argument ended as abruptly as it had begun and the supervisor stormed past,
managing to knock her off balance as he brushed against her side.  Alexa curled
into a tight ball and covered her face with her hands.  It was too much - her
initially silent weeping became loud gulping sobs of utter despair.  She felt so
wretched and alone.

The hand stroking her head moved to free the buckle of her gag strap.  She
squealed in pain as the ball was pulled out of her mouth, dragging her attached
tongue with it.  Thankfully, he paused to free the ring from the underside of
the ball.  Still crying, Alexa obediently shuffled behind the doctor who held
her right arm by the wrist.  He guided her to sit up on the edge of the
examination couch and fetched a glass of water.  "Don't take it to heart, little
Alexa - I only spoke in that way for his benefit."  He sighed, used a tissue to
wipe away her tears and took her head in his hands.  "I think you need to hear
some answers, don't you?  Well, young slave, ask away but I can't promise to
tell you everything you ask - and you may not like what I say."  He waited as
she sipped from the glass.  The girl looked so small and pathetic in a suit that
was meant for a much taller slave - obviously the stores had nothing available
in Alexa's size.  He crouched down and removed the heavy steel cuffs from her
ankles.  For all her tears and distress, there was something remarkable about
her - she was obviously highly resilient since many new slaves would already
have gone into shock or depression if they had experienced even half of what
Stephen's new slave had suffered.  She was also much more intelligent than her
background reports initially suggested.  In and out of care, an abysmal failure
even in special education, no stable family life and no prospects - she would
have been destined to a miserable life of drudgery if Stephen hadn't found her. 
But was she intelligent enough to understand her new situation?  He waited for
her first question.

"Uhhh, th-this...so big, s-so c-cruel...w-why?"  Her voice was tiny, like a
barely audible whimper and she spoke with a faint lisp, caused by the ring
through the tip of her tongue.

"We tame demons, you know.  The Organization turns predators into farmers." 

She looked startled then curious.  "Organization...this umm club, th-the chateau
- there's m-more?  Why do you do this?"  In the silence, she blinked rapidly and
straightened her back as her mind began to grasp what the doctor implied.  "Its
not just for sex, n-not just to c-capture and to uhh to rape..."  She suddenly
looked directly into the doctor's eyes.  "What...what ARE you - this
'Organization' you mentioned..."

Oh, she was SUCH a find - such an unprepossessing slip of a girl who was part of
the Organization's dark past without even knowing about it.  He smiled at the
incredible coincidence that Stephen could have come across the sole unknown
survivor of the submissive breeding program - the odds against it must have been
astronomical!  For a fleeting moment, the doctor considered an even more
far-fetched alternative, that her capture had been orchestrated.  No, that is
too ridiculous - besides, who on earth...no, impossible!  "I think you are
really a very clever and perceptive girl despite your reports, Alexa.  And yes,
while we are in the business of taking girls for our pleasure and sport it is
not without another deeper purpose."  Her eyes were fixed on his face, all her
tears forgotten.  "How many trade disputes, conflicts and wars do you think have
been averted in the past five decades?  The peace after 1945 in Europe was so
fragile, so easily damaged.  We had to engineer the Cold War just to make sure
the whole damned business didn't start up again.  And the Soviets nearly let us
down when Khrushchev proposed the USSR should unilaterally disarm and leave the
West looking like a threat to world peace - it took a lot of bribes and
inducements to ensure the Communists honored their side of the bargain and kept
to the Cuban missile crisis plan." 

B-but I th-thought..."  Alexa realized her mouth had been hanging open and
promptly closed it. 

"Then there were all the crime lords, drugs barons, human traffickers, arms
dealers, petty rebel leaders, rogue politicians, rabble rousers, and psychopaths
who ruled tribes and nations by blood and fear."  He paused, uncertain for a
moment about why it felt important to tell this young creature so much.  "Alexa,
what is the one thing that they all have in common?"

Ohh she knew this one, after all how could she not when she had none and had
lived nearly all her life under its abuse.  And her voice was a forlorn whisper
when she replied, "P-power?"

"Clever girl.  Power over others - power to dominate, power to influence, power
to control...yes, these men - and some women too - crave it like a drug.  They
lust after it, they need it and when they don't have enough?"

"Th-they take it or umm fight for it?"  He nodded and gave a tight smile of
confirmation but said nothing more as if he was waiting for her to think it
through...ohhhhh no, ohh please no.  She felt awful as the doctor's bleak words
sunk in.  The grim purpose of this 'Organization' of theirs was becoming
clearer.  "Y-you...th-this is umm, you g-give them total p-power over uhhh
s-slaves..."

"We offer them membership of an exclusive society where they can indulge their
desire to dominate, rape and punish real slaves - they have absolute control
over our girls' lives...and deaths."  She gasped and jammed her knuckles into
her mouth to stifle a wail of despair.  "And in return, we expect them to settle
their differences with other Organization members by peaceful means, to curb the
excesses of their subordinates...and to publicly show their desire to protect
the weak and vulnerable in their own communities."  He smiled and stroked the
side of her head, noting how she automatically pressed against his fingers.  "So
there you have it, little slave Alexa - a harsh trade-off perhaps but a
necessary one to promote and maintain world order.  And the members are as
trapped as the slaves - membership is for life and there is only one way to
resign!"  He watched her reaction carefully.  "You might as well hear all this
properly rather than in second-hand exaggerated slave chatter.  Now the guards
and other staff, well..." he grimaced then continued "...they are gleaned from
the military, the police, and from the prisons - both staff and inmates.  They
don't wear a master's ring though."  He held out his hand so Alexa could see the
heavy gold ring that bore the device of a _______ engraved in the black center. 
"You're supposed to kiss it by the way, little slave."  She did so and her
trembling lips felt soft on his fingers.  "Good girl.  I think that's enough
information for the time being.  Your master will tell you more if he sees fit."

"My master, w-what did he..."

"Alexa, all you need to know about him is that he is one of the bravest men I
have ever known.  If he chooses to share his history with you, be very grateful
for his trust.  Now, you will remain here until it is time to leave - you seem
to have gotten on the wrong side of the guards for no particular reason. 
Perhaps they hate you because you're so different from the usual girls they deal
with."

She stayed in the surgery for the next few hours, sitting quietly in a corner
while the doctor continued with some paperwork.  He had ordered her to rest but
how could she sleep when her mind was in turmoil?  The things he had told her
were so far-fetched, like one of those silly conspiracy theories about alien
abductions or stuff like that...and yet here she was hunched up on the floor of
a fully equipped doctor's surgery inside a large building where abducted girls
were routinely used as sex toys, tortured and cruelly killed!  What about the
man who was going to be her master?  What had he done to be offered membership
of this secret club they called 'The Organization' - was he a murderer or worse? 
And yet, she wasn't afraid of him but realized she was hopelessly and totally in
love with him, even after...how many days?  Or was it weeks?  It didn't seem to
matter how long as she had fallen under his spell from the very first moment his
hand had touched her arm in the cafe.  Alexa had known in an instant that he was
special and she would never forget their first meeting. 

Her hand involuntarily touched the stiff leather collar that the doctor had
buckled around her neck.  It was all so confusing - when he removed the heavy
steel collar she hadn't felt relieved at all but had fought down rising panic. 
He must have sensed her growing agitation because he swiftly made her turn and
face the wall with her trembling arms by her sides while the leather strap was
secured and locked at the back of her neck.  Then she had actually felt calmer
and strangely comforted by the snug pressure encircling her throat...ohh, she
couldn't think straight and wasn't making any sense - was she still drugged?

The doctor looked at his watch and put down his pen.  "Time to leave, Alexa. 
Come along and be a good girl."  He didn't use handcuffs, ankle bracelets, or
even a gag to restrain her but led her along the corridors with his hand clasped
around her wrist.  It was an odd way of being held but she felt safe and
controlled even though she might have struggled and broken free of his strong
grip.  Anyway, she realized that she didn't want to escape and it made her feel
confused yet oddly content.  The supervisor met them at the steel shutter doors
and opened a strange looking container on castors that was square with rounded
corners.  "Stand up straight, little slave, with your hands clasped on your head
and feet apart." 

Alexa immediately obeyed then waited while the supervisor wheeled over a
trolley.  When she saw what was on the trolley, she knew she wouldn't like what
was about to happen.  The supervisor put his boot between her feet and tapped
her ankles to make her move her legs further apart.  She whimpered as his
fingers took hold of the two metal catches on the zip under her body, parting
them to open the suit and expose her private parts.  The tapered end of the slim
black butt plug was cold but at least it was lubricated.  He kept pushing until
the intruder slid past her anus, which closed involuntarily around the narrowed
base.  The doctor was looking with a severe expression on his face but it was
not at her - she realized it was the supervisor who was under careful scrutiny. 
The man was muttering something under his breath out of the doctor's
earshot...something about 'bitch' and 'payback'.  Although he wasn't being rough
with her, Alexa sensed his animosity and couldn't help shuddering at his touch. 
The next device was slightly wider but shorter than the butt plug and had silver
strips along its length and a long wire trailing from the base.  He pushed the
blunt end between her labia and suddenly rammed the device all the way up her
vagina making her gasp.

"I saw that," the doctor growled.  "Be more gentle, particularly with the next
item.  If she arrives in a damaged condition, I will make sure her future master
holds YOU personally responsible."  The sour-faced supervisor nodded and probed
inside her cunt with his fingers to position the device against her cervix. 
When he removed his hand, only the wire protruded from her vulva. 

The supervisor brought over a plastic urinal and pushed the anatomically shaped
spout firmly against her crotch.  "C'mon, girl - piss it all out."  Ohh this was
AWFUL!  Alexa shook with misery and shame and felt familiar tears streaming down
her cheeks.  She tried, she really tried but the humiliation of having to
relieve herself in front of two men stopped her from peeing.  The supervisor
looked across at the doctor.

"Ohh very well - but no more persuasion than necessary mind."  What did the
doctor mean?  What persua..AIIIIEEEEE!!!!!  Her shriek echoed around the room
when the supervisor pinched her ringed clitoris between the nails of his finger
and thumb then squeezed.  A jet of hot urine flowed into the container as her
body reacted to the dreadful pain.  Alexa threw back her head and tore at her
hair in agony but managed not to collapse or move her feet.  He kept squeezing
until the flow reduced to a few drips.  Then he replaced the female urinal on
the trolley.  The supervisor returned with a thin tube and crouched down at her
front.  "Gently, mind!"  The doctor's warning made her tense in fear and she
began to pull back.  "Stay where you are, slave - it is just a Foley catheter to
keep you clean and dry during the journey."  The kneeling man peeled her lower
lips apart and slid the flexible tube into her urethra.  It felt odd - not
unpleasant but odd, as though she was having a pee or feeling the urge to do so. 
He squeezed something then fitted a clip to the end of the pipe.  "It won't slip
out, Alexa.  Now get her zipped back up so she can be secured."  By the time the
supervisor had finished, the only signs that anything was different were the
wire and the thin tube that dangled between her legs.  Alexa was still shaking,
still fiercely clasping her hands in her hair but she wasn't in pain down below
- it just felt very peculiar and she felt sort of 'full'.

The supervisor pushed her in the small of her back and guided her to the opened
crate.  She could see the interior now, looked at the padded walls, roof, and
floor.  There was a small padded seat and straps - loads of thick leather straps
with locking buckles.  "Get in, girl - sooner you get shipped the better as far
as I'm concerned, you stinkin' little..."

"THAT'S ENOUGH!"  The doctor glowered at the man and shoved him aside.  "I'll
take over from here - you can get back to your station."  He waited until they
were alone then motioned for Alex to sit in the crate.  "The anal plug and the
catheter will keep you clean and dry during the journey, little slave.  Now
let's get you securely strapped inside.  Lift up your arms."  Although she
obeyed without a sound, he could see how distressed the girl had become.  She
avoided looking at him, preferring to close her eyes rather than watch him strap
her into the crate.  Alexa looked so small and rather pitiful as he made sure
she could not work herself loose or move too much within the confined space.  By
the time he had finished, she was harnessed and supported with her ankles
together and thighs slightly apart.  Her arms were in front of her body but not
outstretched or raised too high to restrict the circulation - she could safely
remain like this for the lengthy journey ahead.

Alexa was terrified but didn't want to show him how she felt.  The crate was too
small.  She hated and feared being in enclosed, dark spaces almost as much as
she had a dread of heights.  The case reminded her of being locked in a cupboard
for not wanting to do all those dirty things with the 'uncles' who took lodgings
with her mother.  She had screamed, begged, cried, and promised to be nice and
do as she was told without struggling or biting again.  But no matter how hard
she tried to obey, how well she touched and kissed and licked and sucked and
swallowed and let them play with her until it hurt so bad, it was never enough
to avoid being punished with the tawse and shut in the confined space under the
stairs.  Then one day a teacher had been ready to bawl at her for repeatedly
dropping her pencil in class...and had gasped at Alexa's swollen and bruised
fingers.  She hadn't gone home that night but she kept her promise not to tell
them about the secret things at home.  It didn't matter though - the social
worker that collected her from hospital took her to a large house filled with
other children and she never went home again.  She never saw her mother again
either, as she had disowned Alexa and refused to have anything to do with her. 
Ohh how she'd tried to make her mum love her, tried to be nice and good and
obedient enough...but the look of revulsion on her face whenever she tried to
hug her mother was so hard to bear.  She never kissed her, never held her hand
and the only 'affection' she got was from her 'uncles' - and that came with a
bitter price...

"Alexa, little slave, don't look so sad - you will soon be kneeling at your
master's feet."  The doctor reached in to stroke her tear-streaked face.  He
didn't like it when a slave wept without a sound - this girl was suffering and
he suspected it was due to more than what had occurred since her capture.  He
would recommend an increase in her medication to prevent her slipping into
depression or attempting suicide.  "Lift up your head, Alexa."  She gave no
resistance while the high posture collar was buckled around her neck.  "That
will help to keep you safe during the journey."  She managed a tiny smile but
still made no sound.  He removed the syringe and needle from their sterile
wrappers and carefully measured the anesthetic before expelling any air - too
much Pentothal would affect her breathing but too little would wear off before
the seven-hour journey was complete.  She flinched as the needle stabbed through
the shiny fabric of her red catsuit and punctured her right thigh.  As he was
about to make her open up her mouth to put the airway gag down her throat, she
whispered something but the fast-acting drug had already begun to slur her
speech.  "What did you say, little one?"

"Please t-tell Cally..."
"Who, slave?"
"C-Cally...slave Cally...l-love h-her..."
"There isn't a slave here by that name.  Where did you meet...?"  But she was
past hearing and her eyes were already closed in drug-induced sleep.  The doctor
slid the adapted Brookes airway past her limp tongue and secured the gag buckle
behind her head.  Unless she vomited - and he knew her stomach would be empty
since she had not eaten for 24 hours - there was no risk of her asphyxiating in
transit.  He reached down to attach the catheter drain to the container then
plugged in the vaginal stimulator.  At least she would be spared feeling the
painful contractions from the electrodes that would tone her pelvic muscles to
perfection.  He set the control to 40 impulses per minute at 30% voltage.  The
timer would shut off in two hours.  As he pressed the start button, Alexa's body
jerked in the harness in response but she did not cry or move her head.  Good -
he looked one last time to make sure everything was fine.  The limp girl's body
tensed in time to the current surging through her lower body.  Would she give
Stephen a last year of happiness before the lung cancer killed him?  She was an
unpredictable girl - a 'wild card' with a checkered and highly dubious past. 
Perhaps he really should have put her down when he first discovered her origins. 
He could easily say she became violent and had to be destroyed immediately -
Stephen might have been suspicious but would have accepted the explanation with
sadness.  He fingered the second vial of drugs in his pocket.  The potent
cocktail of Pavulon and Potassium Chloride would swiftly relax her muscles
causing her lungs to collapse while the poison would shut down her heart...

...No, it is not my choice to make.  "Live on, little Alexa - serve your master
well and ease his suffering."  He smiled down at the girl, closed and locked the
crate then called over one of the guards to load it in the truck.

******

"...Yeah, you too, you foreign shit-head - next time its my turn to buy the
bleedin' drinks...the kids?  Yeah they're fine - he's just turned eleven and his
half-sister, well Dawn looks so fuckin' grown up its just as well I get to rape
all these bitches here for a living!  Look, Marek - the reason I phoned is
there's a consignment comin' across for the chateau and I want you to arrange a
little diversion - make sure it gets lost in transit will you?  Sure - the
long-stay warehouse will do just fine.  And Marek, this bitch caused us a lot of
grief with the management - see that she gets a warm welcome from the boys,
okay?"  The guard grinned as he turned off his mobile.  Dragging the filled body
bags to one side, he unlocked the crate, leaned in, reset the stimulator control
to maximum voltage, and changed the timer to 'constant'.  The girl began to
thrash violently as the increased shocks repeatedly slammed through her abdomen. 
"Pleasant dreams, bitch - you're goin' to have on hell of a wake-up call!"




ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - PART 8

By slave ruthie

The supervisor cursed and muttered under his breath as he made his way back to
the surgery.  This damned doctor was always interfering, poking his nose around
and getting in the way - who the hell did he think he was?  After all, his past
was just as tainted as the rest of them.  He'd heard the stories, oh yes - of
how the 'good doctor' conducted his intimate examinations at his exclusive
gynecological clinic in Harley Street and of the internal 'cosmetic surgery' he
performed to tighten and enhance his patients' sexual capacities.  Then there
was that scandal when an Arab princess nearly died from blood loss in her
father's vain quest to restore her virginity so he could arrange a good marriage
for his 'perfectly chaste daughter'.  No way could he take the moral high
ground, no bleedin' way!  He smirked with self-satisfaction as he opened the
surgery door without bothering to knock...

...And felt the color rapidly draining from his face as his eyes met those of
master Stephen!  "Uhh, wha...but you flew back to Brussels this morning, uhh
sir..."  The barely controlled fury evident in the master's face made him quit
talking before he dug an even deeper hole for himself. 

Stephen played back the recording of the guard's mobile phone call for the
dumbstruck man's benefit.  "That guard will not be leaving the crematorium," he
muttered in such a matter-of fact way that even the hardened supervisor felt a
chill running through his spine.  "And YOU will be joining him unless you help
us put a stop to this NOW."  He raised his hand to silence the man's protests. 
"Your staff have turned this place into a slaughterhouse - look at the tally of
dead slaves for the past month alone!"

"But sir, the Albanian brothers' appetites are huge and..."

"And their insatiable demands only accounts for EIGHT of the nineteen.  Two even
died in training - one choked unattended on a deep gag in her cage, which is
inexcusable in itself and the other just...died.  'Just died' is not good
enough!"  He turned to the doctor.  "Did you get the results of the autopsy
yet?"

The doctor nodded grimly.  "Shock-induced myocardial infarction aggravated by
lethal doses of sensory and consciousness-enhancing drugs, Stephen.  Someone had
been vivisecting her and had excised her tongue, breasts, and sexual organs. 
Judging by the cracked teeth, the skin and blood under her fingernails and the
fact that her palms had the flesh torn down to the bone, the pathologist thinks
she was deliberately kept conscious until the end."

Stephen looked down at the photo of a very pretty blonde, smiling and saluting
proudly in her girl-scout uniform.  He turned back to the supervisor and stared
at him until the man had to look away.  "She was supposed to be a special gift
for the Oyabun to help persuade him to meet with Mikhailov face to face and
hopefully agree a fixed price for unrefined cocaine with the Shining Path
guerillas, you damn fool!  Do have ANY idea how delicate negotiations between
the Yamaguchi-gumi and the Solsnetskaya are right now?  The Oyabun's taste for
blonde western girls of her age and type is renowned."  He began to tear the
photo into small pieces.  "Such a waste, such a goddam WASTE!"  The other men
kept silent while Stephen took a pen and dropped it on a blank piece of paper on
the doctor's desk.  "I want names - write me a list of the guards that have
turned rogue on us...if you don't want to be at the top.  And you can forget
about the Albanians.  There's been a change of management and the brothers have
been given an 'early retirement package' by their younger cousin who has a less
demanding appetite - you won't need to cater for their vile tastes again."

Once the supervisor had left, Stephen picked up the sheet of paper and passed it
to the doctor to scrutinize the list of names.  "Duncan, I will add him as well
- Charles phoned me this morning.  He'll be taking charge in London from tonight
until Sir John recovers from the bypass operation and he's bringing in his own
handpicked team of guards and supervisors.  Unless you can personally vouch for
any of them, Charles will see that ALL the renegade staff stationed here are
relocated...or offer their resignations."  Stephen looked at his old friend who
frowned then slowly shook his head. 

The doctor knew full well that no one ever resigned from the Organization's
service...and the only way to leave for slave, guard or master was very final. 
"Young Alexa is going to be fine - a little sore down below but nothing lasting
or needing treatment.  But what about this 'Marek', Stephen - surely he'll just
carry on the torment for little Alexa."  He had a sudden, uncomfortable thought. 
"You aren't using her to weed out even more rogue guards in Belgium, are you?"

"No, all the staff at the Ardennes Chateau are completely trustworthy as befits
the cradle of our Organization.  As for Marek," he smiled, "there will be no
trouble - in fact I have asked him to assist me in training her to perfection."

"But Stephen, how can you be sure he won't mistreat her behind your back?"

"Because he is my son."

"Your SON?"  The doctor began to grin then softly chuckled.  "So that is why he
warned you - I thought you only had two daughters, Stephen."

"So did I Duncan, so did I...but I left a small part of myself with a pretty
little Serbian translator when I was stationed in Belgrade and Marek was the
result.  We never knew each other until his mother sought me out when Marek was
indicted for war crimes in Croatia - my son had distinguished himself as a
junior intelligence officer by his highly effective interrogation skills where
female prisoners were concerned."  He paused, reflecting on his own work as a
'specialist liaison advisor' for the CIA in Vietnam then smiled at his friend. 
"You know it is almost as though history is repeating itself, Duncan.  Anyway,
unfortunately for Marek - but fortunately for me - he was betrayed by his senior
officer to the UN investigators to save his own miserable skin.  Marek was on
his way to a war crimes trial in The Hague when we arranged for him to be taken
ill with a burst appendix and die of complications in a military hospital.  He's
been based at the Chateau working for me since that time - in fact he's picking
me up from Zaventem this afternoon.  One day, I hope my son will make a fine
Master - perhaps it is in the genes, do you think?"

*****

Fire!  FIRE!  Alexa tried to cry out in terror but her voice wouldn't work!  She
was burning, dancing and writhing in a column of fire, unable to free herself
from the chains that bound her to the stake as she was consumed from outside and
from within, roasted inside and raped by a searing jet of flame...

But as she fought to wake up from the vivid, horrible nightmare, Alexa couldn't
make any sense of her surroundings outside of the dream either.  She grasped a
handful of fur (FUR?) and rolled over, listening to soft crackling noises and a
faint tinkling sound whenever she moved her left leg.  She felt very thirsty and
her throat was so sore.  Her belly hurt as though her period pains had been
increased a thousand-fold.  Then she recalled that the doctor had said she would
never menstruate again and had been sterilized.  It grieved her to even think
about it - a part of her felt as though she wasn't a proper woman any more and
had been reduced to some kind of erotic pet.  And then she remembered HIM. 
Alexa felt an irrational thrill of excitement at the very idea of being owned by
the American.  Master Stephen - where was he?  And, more importantly, where was
SHE?

She opened her eyes properly and glanced in amazement around a large, beautiful
room.  The high ceiling was ornately plastered, and the walls were paneled with
filled bookshelves made from light wood.  Alexa found she was lying on a large,
white fur rug on the polished wooden floor at the foot of a huge bed.  She was
naked and unfettered except for a single steel cuff around her ankle.  A chrome
chain snaked across the floor to a ring at the side of the large stone
fireplace.  Behind the fireguard, logs hissed and sparked in the flames.  There
were two metal dishes on the floor near the rug - one contained water and the
other was partly filled with small biscuits.  Alexa was very thirsty and
groggily clambered up to drink.  As she reached to pick up the dish she paused
then slowly pulled back her hand.  She looked furtively around the room to see
if there were any cameras pointing at her.  Although she couldn't see anything
like a lens, she decided to act as though she was being monitored.  After all,
it was actually secretly thrilling to think that she was being kept under
observation.  So she crouched down and began to lap the water.  It wasn't easy -
she seemed to get very little into her mouth and her face was getting wet but
the water tasted good.  She looked at the tiny biscuits but chose not to taste
them yet.  Although she still felt weak, Alexa managed to stand and wandered in
a daze around the spacious room as far as her tether chain would allow.  The
books along the shelves intrigued her but she only looked at the spines without
daring to touch any - lots were about warfare and military history, while others
were concerned with anatomy and psychology.  A few of the other books had titles
in French by somebody called 'De Sade'.  There was also a bound collection of
reports and papers from UNICEF and something else called CARE.  If this was
master Stephen's room, he was obviously a very clever and well-read man.  So why
was he bothering with an ignorant girl like her?  Alexa put the troubled
question to one side in her mind and tentatively peeped behind some thick, gray
velvet curtains only to gasp as she looked out of the narrow, arched window
frame across a vast ornamental garden.  Although it was getting dark, she could
make out the regimented shapes of manicured lawns and hedges that seemed to
march into the distant mist.  It was an absolutely quiet and peaceful scene. 
The room was warm and had a masculine sort of smell - a faint mixture of spice,
wood smoke, leather, and wax polish.  There were three doors leading from the
bedroom - the largest, probably the main door, was out of reach because of the
chain to her ankle.  The second door was locked but the third door opened as she
pushed it to reveal a very fancy bathroom.  She went back to the fireside and
spotted a neat pile of things on a chair in a corner near the fur rug.  There
was a large towel, a toothbrush and paste, a hairbrush, and a small bottle of
shampoo, and underneath them all was a thick, woolen blanket. 

Alexa picked up the bundle except for the blanket and discovered a small slip of
paper with tiny handwriting on it saying 'Pour une nouvelle esclave, bon chance
ma sour!'  It brought a smile to her face to think she was being greeted by
another girl like herself.  Alexa picked up the sliver of paper and tucked it
under the blanket for safekeeping then padded back through to the bathroom.  She
could only just get in the shower with the tether chain to her ankle stretched
taut.  It took her several minutes to work out the complicated controls - the
first button she pressed made all the jets come on at full force, making her
shriek as the icy cold sprays assaulted her from above, all sides and even
upwards from BENEATH her body.   She frantically pressed different buttons at
random until the jets finally became a gentle cascade of warm droplets. 
Luckily, the bathroom was completely tiled and the worst of the flood had
already drained away through the grate in the center of the floor.  After
thoroughly washing her hair and body, Alexa carefully cleaned her teeth and
brushed her hair in front of the full-length mirror.  She stared at her
reflection and watched the smile growing on her face until she finally laughed
out loud.  Why was she so happy?  Surely she should have been in terror or
despair but she felt very elated, slightly scared and strangely relieved.  Alexa
had no idea where she really was - perhaps she really had arrived at the chateau
somewhere in Belgium that master Stephen had mentioned, but as she had never
left England in her life before it didn't mean much except that she felt at home
here.  AT HOME - was this finally somewhere she could call HOME?!

There was nothing much to do once she was clean except sit on the rug and watch
the flames play in the hearth.  But her eyes were repeatedly drawn to a large
painting above the mantelpiece.  A startlingly beautiful Afro-Arabic girl was
kneeling unclothed and in fetters with her thighs wide apart.  She had an
expression of radiant joy on her face.  Alexa peered in awe at the girl's body. 
The girl had rings through her nipples and her clitoris just like her own but
she also had a circular mark or pattern similar to Cally's drawn just above the
cleft of her vulva.  And she had a close-fitting golden and enameled collar
around her neck.  Ohh how she admired and envied the girl in the picture - the
beautifully worked and inlaid metal band that was snugly secured about her
throat was so pretty and symbolic of the creatures total submission and love for
whoever was her master.  If only she could one day be like that girl.

Alexa was so absorbed as she strained to see the mark and collar close up that
she didn't hear the soft click of the door closing on the opposite side of the
room.  "She would have liked you, I think.  In fact I am certain my Lyssa would
have been your friend, little slave." 

HIS voice - HE'S HERE!  Alexa whirled around, cried out in relief and delight
and began to run towards her master.  She paused, not sure how she should greet
him.  Remembering the posture of the girl in the photo, she sank to her knees
with parted thighs like the girl and kept her back straight.  Without knowing
what to do, she automatically put her arms behind her back, crossed her wrists
and ankles as though they were bound then lowered her head.  She didn't dare
speak and felt tears swimming in her eyes.

"Good girl - I see somebody in London has already taught you how to kneel."  She
nearly replied that nobody had told her what to do but changed her mind.  It
didn't really matter anyway as long as HE was pleased.  He was holding out his
hand and she could see the master's ring just like the doctor's on his finger. 
"Aren't you going to greet your master, little slave?"  He waited while she
gently held his hand in both of hers, closed her eyes and kissed his ring as
though it was the most precious thing in the world.  "Beautifully done, Alexa -
most pleasing."  He ruffled his new property's hair and wandered over to look at
the picture over the fireplace.  "Funny, I thought my Lyssa would be the last
and I would not take another personal slave after she died.  Instead, I found
you, my little Alexa."

"She looks umm I mean she was very beautiful, Master - not at all like m-m..." 
It was too late - he had heard her mistake and was staring right into her eyes
with a mixture of astonishment and disappointment.  Knowing too well that she
had just offended him by openly doubting her own value yet again, she burst into
tears and sank to the floor.  So short a time together and she had already
failed him so soon!

He came across and grasped a handful of her hair forcing her head up to look at
him.  He studied the expression of abject, tear-streaked misery on her face for
a long time.  Alexa's extreme reaction to her foolish error was driven by
something other than self-pity or fear.  She was crying too heavily and had made
no effort to shrink back from him.  No, this was a much deeper response and far
exceeded the incident's relatively minor value...interesting.  "You know you
need to be punished, slave," he spoke gently but that seemed to increase her
distress.  "You were warned before about criticizing your own value and thereby
questioning my judgment about your worth as my property.  Yet you are just
learning to serve me, and once a punishment is administered, it is over and done
with as far as I am concerned - understand?"  She nodded but still seemed
over-wrought.  He had to fight against a desire to soothe this girl, to reassure
her that she would be fine, and even to let her go unpunished on this occasion. 
No, that would be completely wrong - she needed to learn from the outset that
his word was final and his rules, while firm, were fair.  Stephen believed
strongly that submissive females needed consistent handling or their reactions
would be confused by trying to second-guess where they really stood and then
they would not give of their best.  "Come along, slave - best get this done now
rather than make you wait.  Now run along to the bathroom before we begin." 

She avoided her reflection in the bathroom mirror, knowing that she would feel
worse at the sight.  Alexa was shaking so much that her teeth chattered.  Her
master waited in the doorway until she finished then he unlocked her ankle from
the cuff.  Alexa meekly followed when the man who was about to punish her took
her by the wrist and led her to the locked door.  Her first reaction to the
sight of the attached room was fear.  It was windowless, brightly lit and had
gray padded walls.  There were strange devices made of wood, leather and metal
around the room, and a variety of straps, whips and canes hung from a rail. 
Suspended from the center of the ceiling, a metal bar with leather cuffs dangled
from a heavy chain.  Her master seemed to be sizing her up for a moment.  "We're
going to have to get that winch chain lengthened for the future, little slave -
I don't believe you can reach up to that suspension pole, can you?"  She shook
her head, too afraid to speak.  "Okay, we'll have to manage another way for now. 
Look at me, little slave, and listen very closely.  I am now going to punish
you; it is going to hurt a lot but you will not be injured and when its over you
will not be punished any more for this error.  If you take your punishment like
a good slave, I will be pleased and you will find it brings its own rewards.  Do
you understand?"

She managed to whisper, "y-yes, m-master."  Then she burst into fresh tears as
he pulled a leather-covered padded bar on a trestle under the hanging pole. 

"Come over here and climb up with your legs straddling the bar.   You should be
high enough then."   He helped her up and made sure she was balanced with her
thighs dangling over either side of one end of the beam.  It was oddly exciting
to have her full weight bearing down between her legs, grinding her pussy into
the cool leather.  Then she felt her right arm being lifted up and the wide,
shaped strap was being buckled firmly around her wrist and hand.  "Put your left
arm up too and don't look so damn scared of me, girl - this is for your own good
and you won't be damaged."  Alexa did as she was told and knew there was now no
escape possible with her hands secured to opposite ends of the overhead pole. 
He left her dangling there, balanced on the bar between her legs, and went over
to the padded wall opposite the door.  She watched him open a concealed cupboard
that opened out to reveal a vast array of devices and equipment she could not
identify.  However, she instinctively knew everything in there was intended for
use on a girl such as herself - a helpless slave at the mercy of her master. 
The thought thrilled and repelled her - would he be so cruel and harsh that her
awful childhood would seem like paradise?  Or would there be times when she
might be shown just a little love?  He had already astounded her in London,
taking her forcefully while she was heavily restrained like she was nothing more
than a tethered wild animal, only to make gentle but masterful love to her later
in the shower.  Her confused and anxious thoughts were broken by his return.  He
laid a number of objects on the floor to her right then picked up a steel pole
with leather cuffs at each end.

"Hmm...a bit longer than necessary but you'll just have to cope, slave.  I will
have to order some smaller equipment for your future training."  He looked up at
her anxious face while he began to secure her right ankle to the end of the
pole.  "You are very quiet, Alexa - hardly a word out of you and not a single
plea for mercy."  He stood up and brushed her hair off her face with his
fingers.  "I can't figure you out...yet.  I will, you know, as a master soon
learns to read a slave better than she can understand herself.  It is one of the
signs of submission, little slave, that the dominant can look into a girl's
mind, observe her expressions, her body language, her reactions and KNOW how she
thinks and what she needs."  He crouched down and pulled her left foot outwards
until she was bending at her hip and knee to reach the end of the long pole. 
She was trembling violently but her silence troubled him - why wasn't she making
any noise?  When he let go of her left foot, her leg swung down, splaying her
thighs far apart, Alexa gasped and twisted as she tried to adjust her body to
ease the strain in her outstretched lower limbs.  She was rubbing her cunt on
the ridge between her taut inner thigh muscles and repeatedly pulling herself up
by her captive arms to reveal the freshly moistened leather, slick with her
helpless arousal.  But still she did not speak.

Stephen fixed the stretcher chains to the sunken eyebolts below Alexa's feet
that were twisting and dancing uselessly in midair, and then he used strong
padlocks to fit each chain to the ends of the spreader bar.  She gave a tiny cry
when she discovered it was no longer possible for her to lift up her legs for
relief.  He waited for her to beg for mercy or even to curse him - yet not a
word came from her quivering mouth!   When he moved behind and pulled the bar
clear so her weight suddenly pulled against her leather-bound wrists and hands,
she finally cried out.  When he used the remote control to tighten the winch and
vertically stretch out her body until she could barely move, she began to
hyperventilate.  The expression on her face as he brought over the cat-o-nine
slave whip was so piteous he hesitated and considered freeing her without any
further punishment.  She was avoiding his face, searching and looking anywhere
but at him.  There was something very wrong here and he could not work it out.

"M...m-ma...m-m-m..."  Alexa rolled her face in agony, tears poured from her
glazed eyes as she tried to speak.

"Slave, your master is here to keep you safe.  You must be punished to learn
from your error but I promise you that there will be no injuries.  Alexa?  Are
you listening to me, my little slave?"

"M-m-ma...m-m-m...m-ma..."

"What's wrong, Alexa?  Why are you so upset?  Tell your master what's..."

"M-MA-MAMA!!! M-mama d-d-don't...P-PLEASE!!!"  She was becoming hysterical; the
muscles in her splayed arms and legs were so taut he feared she would injure
herself.  She turned in his direction, not seeming to register his presence and
HOWLED.

Stephen froze and watched helplessly as the small slave wailed and sobbed in
bitter despair, begging over and over but not to him.  She was crying in anguish
for her mother - nothing unusual in that as many slaves do the same under stress
- but she was begging for her mother to STOP punishing her, pleading that she
would be a good girl and please the 'uncles', and finally whimpering to be
forgiven and loved... 

It all made dreadful sense and he felt a surge of protective anger as his
slave's anguished outburst subsided to mournful sobbing.  She looked utterly
broken even though the flogger in his hand had yet to touch her skin.  My slave,
my little Alexa - ABUSED as a child!  Stephen felt physically sickened and
watched his personal slave sinking deeper into black despair for a few moments
before taking swift, decisive action.  He grasped her hair and brutally forced
her head up then...gently kissed her.  He kept kissing her until she finally
responded and her swimming eyes slowly focused on his face.  "Little slave," he
murmured tenderly, "you are MINE now - you are SAFE in your master's arms."  Her
sobs were less frantic and more like normal tears - good, a healthy sign.  "Do
you trust me, Alexa?  Will you put your faith in me?"  She blinked rapidly and
didn't reply but her expression, her shining eyes, her quivering and faltering
smile were all the answer he needed.  "My slave, you have carried this burden
for too long.  Enough is enough."

He knew he had to work quickly before she became too exhausted by her emotional
state and by being suspended beyond her endurance.  The years of skill at taming
and training girls automatically took over.  He stepped away from her, swung his
arm back then thrashed the wide thongs of the multi-stranded whip across her
side.  Before she could scream in surprise and agony, he caught her hair and
kissed her mouth while using the handle of the flogger to rub along the line of
her cunt.  He drew back a second time, applying the whip sharply up between her
stretched open thighs.  Alexa's eyes grew huge with shock at the abrupt pain but
he smothered her shriek with another deep, lingering kiss.  She tensed, ready
for the next blow.  Stephen moved to her left and lashed the whip at full force
across her bare breasts.  Alexa moaned and begged for relief but this time she
responded to the kiss, trying to reach his lips before he took her fiercely with
his mouth.  And with each kiss the handle of the whip sought out and ravished
her other lips, making her shudder in arousal.

The whip fell without respite, curling and licking around her thighs, shoulders,
belly, and buttocks - each stroke interspersed by a deep, passionate kiss. 
Alexa fell into the rhythm without prompting and moved against the leather bound
handle with increasing desire.  After several more lashes, he deliberately held
back just inches from her face.  "P-please...m-master - k-kiss...mmmmmmm..." 
Good, she was learning.  The new routine of a tiny pause after each harsh blow
of the flogger was soon seared into her mind.  Time to try for the next level,
he thought.

As the kiss ended, Alexa tensed for another dreadful jolt of pain from the
leather strands that had set her skin on fire.  But her master was waiting,
holding the flogger and watching her intently.  She was glad of the relief but
didn't want it to stop!  OHH!!!  The abrupt insight hit her with greater force
than the whip - it wasn't just about being kissed and expertly caressed between
her thighs, she actually craved the hurting because it made the kisses and the
sensual touching so much sweeter!  He looked at her with an expression of such
tender concern that was so overwhelming her throat nearly choked with emotion. 
Somehow she made her voice work; somehow she uttered the sought-for words. 
"P-please m-m...master, p-please uhhh...wh-whip...y-your...slave..." 

His face lit up with pleasure.  So quick, so damned QUICK to surrender to the
lash!  "That will no longer be necessary, my excellent slave!  You have learned
your lesson so well that you have earned a reward."   He pressed a ball gag
against her trembling lips and waited until she accepted the rubber sphere into
her mouth.  Once she was safely gagged, he took a firm grip of her hair and
began to stroke her ringed clit with the pad of his right index finger.  In a
short time, Alexa was moaning and struggling to cope with the sensations in her
pain-softened body.  He kept rubbing and massaging her vulva, taking care not to
penetrate her vagina with his expert hand.  She fought against the growing
orgasm, her eyes huge and blinking in fright and wonder as she hovered on the
bittersweet edge of orgasm.  Then he stopped and removed his hand.  Alexa made
desperate pleading noises past the gag and tried to thrust her cunt towards
where she thought his fingers might be.  He waited until the very moment she was
about to give up her urgent search for relief then employed his hand with
devastating effect.  She wailed and threw her head back in response, utterly
caught in her yearning for relief.  Again, she was denied at the verge of
orgasm.  She struggled and cried for his touch but he held back and simply toyed
with her ringed nipples until all hope was lost and she began to despair of
finding any release from her sexual torment.  And as she lowered her head in sad
resignation, a single fingertip teased and cajoled her clit to heights of
arousal she had never dreamed possible.  Alexa began to pant and ground her
teeth in frustration against the rubber ball.  She squeezed her eyes shut and
focused on the solitary finger that was her only contact with her master. 
Something was stirring in her tense body.  Something MASSIVE - something so
powerful and demanding that all reasoned thought was blotted out.  She HAD to
climax she HAD to cum and it frightened her to her core.  Then there was no way
back - the finger was...it was...she felt....I C-CAN'T
...UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  But it wouldn't stop!  Alexa
writhed in torment.  She had just experienced an earth-shattering orgasm but her
master didn't seem satisfied.  He was moving his hand.  His thumb replaced the
finger, pressing firmly against her engorged clit, while his fingers slid inside
her cunt and curled back to stroke and massage her
AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!

The moment his slave's head flopped forward, Stephen removed his hand and began
to free her limp, perspiration-drenched body.  Alexa was barely conscious and he
knew she would be reeling from the sheer force of her first slave orgasm.  Once
the gag was out of her mouth and her ankles were free of the spreader bar, he
was left wondering how to get her down from the suspension pole.  Even at the
lowest position, she was still hanging nearly a foot above the ground.  He
looked at his slave - she hung limply and exhausted and he doubted she would be
able to help if he lifted her.  And how would he unbuckle her suspension cuffs? 
Damn!  I should have thought of this before I started! 

Alexa watched him leave the room then heard the low murmur of his voice - he
seemed to be using a telephone.  He returned moments later but made no attempt
to release her.  Her poor arms and chest ached terribly and her hands were going
numb.  She was still trembling from the after-effects of the intense feelings
that had overwhelmed her at his touch.  Her master had somehow taken all the
pain of the whipping and turned it into something so wonderful...and terrifying
at the same time.  For there had been a moment, just a brief moment when her
body had SURGED with a feeling of power - as though she could tear the
restraints away like paper chains instead of their hardened steel links and
stiff leather straps.  That fleeting instant had been accompanied by the
strangest thing - it was the sound of Cally's voice whispering in her ear and
saying 'No, not yet...not yet'. 

Two men in blue uniforms arrived and took her down from the suspension pole. 
They were neither gentle nor rough and said nothing to her as she was carried
back through to the other room and left sprawled face down on the large fur rug. 
Her master thanked them then they were alone together.  "Sleep, little slave -
tomorrow you have a busy day."  She felt the ankle cuff being locked around her
left leg then he draped the woolen blanket over her exhausted body.  The tiny
scrap of paper wafted down but before she could reach it he picked it up,
chuckled, and threw it into the fire.  "So your arrival has come to the
attention of your new sister-slaves.  They will be wondering about you, Alexa -
well, you will satisfy their curiosity in the morning."  He knelt down to gently
stroke her hair and was gratified by the way she pressed her head against his
hand and whispered her gratitude.

Sleep did not come easily these days, as Stephen felt his terminal diagnosis
meant that simply lying in bed was a waste of the precious time he had left. 
And yet he felt so damned tired and knew his failing health would limit him
unless he rested.  He listened for a few minutes in the dark, in case his new
slave needed to be settled but Alexa seemed to be quiet and wasn't moving.  He
had no regrets about capturing and enslaving her - she was not a conventional
beauty and there would certainly be comments and snide remarks about her short
stature and lack of supermodel or starlet looks.  His choice would be seen by
some as a sign that his judgment was deteriorating while others might consider
his personal slave was some kind of bizarre joke.  Stephen knew Alexa would
prove them wrong and confound the sneering skeptics - she was no stunning beauty
but she WAS much more attractive than he had thought when he first saw her in a
drab, ill-fitting dress with her hair disheveled and blood trickling down from
her nose.  What a pathetic sight.  But this evening, as she tried to kneel
properly upon his arrival, she had looked far better - quite attractive, really. 
A collar would suit her - no, HIS collar would free the seductive animal that
had been trapped in her restricted and miserable life.  He smiled at the irony,
that a submissive girl like Alexa was truly freed to be herself only when
fettered and under a master's hand.  The thought was quite comforting...

Alexa couldn't sleep even though she was exhausted - her body ached from the
painful tension of hanging with her arms and legs outstretched, and from the
multi-stranded whip that had thrashed every inch of her torso.  Yet it was a
sweet ache that she would cherish and what happened when he touched her down
below was seared in her memory.  She listened in the darkness to her master's
steady breathing and the subdued hiss and crackle from the fireplace.  She
needed the bathroom.  Alexa went as quietly as possible and returned to the
room.  He was still sleeping soundly.  She watched the rise and fall of the
covers as he breathed and felt a sense of contentment that had been missing for
so long in her life.  A tear startled her as it streaked down her cheek.  Alexa
fought down the urge to weep - she wasn't unhappy but just caught in the
emotions of the moment.  There were no words to explain it - it just
felt...RIGHT.  She opened one curtain and looked out at the garden.  The sky was
clear and the moon was about three-quarters full.  An animal was crossing the
lawn.  It looked like a fox or a vixen and it stopped to turn its head, almost
as though it was looking directly at her for a few seconds before continuing its
journey.  Alexa felt a sudden thrill and an affinity with the creature, making
her gasp and shiver.

It was the moonlight that woke him.  One of the curtains had been pulled back. 
Alexa was standing at the window, looking out with the blanket draped around her
shoulders.  "Slave, why are you up?"  She spun round, dropping the blanket in
the process and quickly knelt, casting a shadow on the patch of faint light on
the wooden floor.  He threw back one corner of the duvet and patted the mattress
next to him.  "Come along, little Alexa - in you get."  She was there in a
flash.  He curled her up and slipped his arm under her neck, pleased by the way
she held his forearm close.  Then he curled his own body about her back,
encircling her in his protective embrace.  He knew she was silently crying and
kissed her head before closing his eyes.



ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - PART 9  
By slave ruthie  
&quot;Good morning, my pretty little slave.&quot;  
Although he was smiling as he looked down on her, she was aware of a slight
  warning in his voice. He had emphasized the word 'pretty' to remind her it
  was HIM who set her value, not her. &quot;Umm, g-good morning, my uhh kind
  master!&quot;  
He frowned. &quot;I am going to assume my kindness has nothing to do with
  describing my own property as 'pretty', slave, and that last night's lesson
  does not need repeating. Hmmm?&quot; He waited until she lowered her eyes and
  shook her head. Satisfied by her contrite response, Stephen yanked the duvet
  right off the bed. &quot;Time you were up - I had my shower and left you to
  sleep this morning but don't expect such indulgence all the time, my PRETTY
  slave.&quot; When Alexa rose and began to pad across towards the en suite bathroom,
  he called her back and freed her ankle from the cuff. &quot;You may use the
  bathroom but no shower, mind - no point you getting spruced up until after
  your exercise regime.&quot; Alexa obediently relieved herself then splashed
  her face with cold water to wake herself up. There was something different
  about her reflection. Despite her tousled hair and still-sleepy eyes, she looked...how
  to describe it? She GLOWED. Perhaps it was the after-effects of being woken
  earlier by her master's expert fingers stroking between her thighs before positioning
  her and penetrating her from behind - she hadn't climaxed but it had felt very
  soothing and simply plain nice. He had cupped her breasts and played with her
  ringed nipples as he gently thrust into her body. Then, having spent himself,
  the man who had transformed her life just held her close again until she drifted
  off into a deep sleep. She felt sticky between her legs where his semen and
  her juices had leaked from her privates. There was a bidet in the bathroom.
  She knew ABOUT them but not HOW to use one. Twisting the little lever, she
  managed to get a small fountain of warm water to appear. Alexa didn't know
  which way to sit and felt too embarrassed to ask her master. She straddled
  the bidet and used the spray and her hands to clean herself. It was oddly pleasant
  and she felt fresh and clean afterwards. Alexa dried her body then presented
  herself for inspection.  
&quot;Did you brush your teeth, slave?&quot; She shook her head. &quot;Back
  in there and brush them PROPERLY- and use the dental floss.&quot; He sighed. &quot;I
  never understand you Brits - fussy about so many trivial, unimportant things
  then you don't bother to look after your teeth! Well, you need to learn about
  good oral hygiene, girl. I will arrange a dental appointment - the doctor thought
  you might need some orthodontic treatment and at least one molar repaired.&quot; Alexa
  did her best with the floss and listened to his words with a mixture of dread
  and awe. She was frightened of dentists but amazed that her master was taking
  her health so seriously. At first, she thought he would quickly lose interest
  and discard her like a broken toy but his remarks implied a much longer-term
  relationship! He examined her mouth carefully then patted her head and called
  someone on the phone. &quot;There, that's fixed up - let's get you properly
  attired for your first day here.&quot;  
Being 'properly attired' meant having a stiff, red leather posture collar
  locked around her throat with a padlock through the strong buckle. Thicker,
  red leather straps were secured around her wrists and ankles. Her master padlocked
  her wrist cuffs together then pulled her hands up her back before securing
  the cuffs to a short chain dangling from the rear of her collar. He fitted
  another short chain between her ankle cuffs and used another to lock the front
  of her collar to the center of the chain between her feet. This meant that
  even with her legs together, she couldn't stand up properly and would have
  to walk bent over because the chains were too small. The final restraint looked
  horrible. She moaned as the rubber probe pressed against her mouth but parted
  her lips and didn't resist her oral penetration. The gag was attached to a
  kind of red leather bridle that he tightened over her head, under her chin
  and at the rear of her neck. This made her chew on the probe and prevented
  any speech. Alexa peered up at her master and whimpered forlornly - what had
  she done wrong? Why was he treating her like this?  
Stephen smiled and patted his slave's head. &quot;As far as I'm concerned,
  you do not need to be restrained and displayed as an untrained slave, my little
  Alexa. However, my fellow masters would expect me to do things by the numbers
  and we do not want to encourage sloppy practices where slaves are concerned
  - do we?&quot; She lowered her head so he wouldn't see her anxious expression
  but he seemed to know what she was thinking and reassuringly stroked her hair. &quot;You
  are not in trouble, you know - yesterday's disciplining is over and forgotten
  as far as I am concerned, little slave.&quot;  
But SHE couldn't forget it. Alexa kept thinking about what had happened after
  her whipping - the incredible release of climaxing after being severely whipped
  had frightened and amazed her. It still echoed in her heart and mind. He told
  her to kneel on the rug with her thighs apart and remain motionless while he
  sat at the large, wooden desk and read a file he took from the shelves. Alexa
  tried to keep as still as possible and listened to the turning of the pages.
  After what seemed like ages (but had probably only been less that a quarter
  of an hour) there was a knock on the door and a tall, strikingly handsome man
  entered at her master's invitation. &quot;Ahh Marek, good morning - this is
  the girl. Her free name was Alexa and I have decided she will keep it.&quot; She
  turned her head sharply in her master's direction - she had never thought he
  might change her name. Perhaps she might have liked a different identity -
  she had grown up wishing for something prettier or more feminine. But HE had
  chosen for her to keep her name - did he like it? Did he really like her name?  
The man was striding towards her. There was something familiar about his
  features - he could nearly have been a younger version of her master, except
  for his jet black hair and dark, piercing eyes that were almost hawkish in
  appearance. Those eyes burned into her like a raptor in flight scanning for
  prey. Despite his smile, Alexa felt very afraid of the man and couldn't help
  trembling when his long fingers cupped her chin. He turned her head to the
  left then to the right as though he was examining livestock or a pet at a show. &quot;She
  is not what I expected - this one is most interesting, father.&quot; (FATHER?
  He is my master's SON?)  
&quot;Glad you approve - do you think between the two of us we can make something
  of little Alexa here?&quot;  
&quot;It would be a challenge, I think. You say she is ready for training
  and we do not need to break her into slavery?&quot;  
She wondered about the oddly stilted, formal way they were speaking to each
  other, and the long pauses between replies. Her master came over and ruffled
  her hair. &quot;Alexa was a natural slave before I found her but did not know
  what she felt or what it meant - she took to the collar as soon as it was fastened
  around her neck. I think we can accelerate her training - hard and fast, Marek.
  She already understands that she IS a slave. Now she needs to learn how to
  BE a slave.&quot;  
The younger man scrutinized her. &quot;Hard and fast? This you are sure of,
  father? I will spare her nothing, you understand.&quot;  
Her master was looking down at her. &quot;Anything you think she needs -
  short of permanent physical damage without my prior agreement, of course.&quot;  
Alexa was becoming increasingly alarmed by the direction their conversation
  was following but didn't want to interrupt by begging for mercy - she had learned
  from a very tender age that pleading or crying never helped and actually made
  things worse. Her mother's vicious, unpredictable temper and the way she had
  pushed her daughter away with a look of revulsion whenever she sought comfort
  or affection had taught Alexa from early childhood to expect no love, protection
  or mercy. And yet, despite all the abuse and the cruel rejection, she was still
  her mummy and Alexa hoped she was happy, wherever she was now...if she was
  still alive. The deep sadness that weighed down her heart had been lifted for
  a little while when her master had made her climax so fiercely. But now he
  was handing her to his son to be hurt, punished, and harshly trained! Why was
  she so unlovable? Why did she deserve such a cruel life, cheated of kindness
  and understanding? Why - it was as though she was cursed but what had she ever
  done so wrong that she had to suffer this much? She kept her head down and
  tried to squeeze her eyelids tightly shut to reduce the flow of tears down
  her face...  
...And then her master's fingers were wiping away the moisture on her cheeks. &quot;My
  little one,&quot; he murmured. &quot;If you do everything Marek demands, you
  will become such a magnificent slave. It will not be easy. There will be pain
  and hardship to endure but do not despair - you are MY slave now and all I
  require is your best effort. You have already earned your place at my feet,
  girl - do you understand?&quot; His calm, steady voice was so reassuring she
  sighed and pressed her head against his hand. ''Good girl - that's better.''
  Marek excused himself and left them, explaining that he needed to fetch some
  equipment from Stores.  
Several minutes later, he returned and threw a collection of items down on
  the rug next to her. Alexa's master peered down at the assortment of leather
  and metal items and pointed at two long objects covered with stiff bristles
  that looked to Alexa like cylindrical brushes. ''Those seem a little excessive
  Marek, surely?''  
&quot;Hard and fast, father - it is what we agreed.&quot; Marek set about
  removing her wrist cuffs but her arms weren't free for long. &quot;Place your
  hands behind you with palms together and fingers straight.&quot; It was a kind
  of leather single glove or tapered sleeve. She felt the zip being tugged up,
  forcing her elbows closer. He was looping leather straps over her shoulders,
  diagonally between her breasts and fastening the ends together to form a tight
  harness around her chest. Alexa winced with each buckle that Marek tugged shut
  from her wrists to above her elbows. By the time he had finished, there was
  no way she could move her arms - not even an inch! He made her stand but the
  chain from her collar to her ankle chain forced her to bend further forward.
  Alexa looked imploringly at her master but he merely glanced in her direction
  then returned to his papers.  
&quot;Legs apart slave - get that ankle chain stretched tight NOW!&quot; She
  jumped at the sound of Marek's voice and obeyed but it meant she was bending
  even further and could only look at the floor. A thick, red leather strap went
  around her waist. She grunted in pain as it was tightened so much her belly
  was being squeezed into a tiny circle. He was attaching something at the front
  of the belt. She felt his hand reaching from behind, pulling something up between
  her thighs. She squealed in shock at the hard, prickly sensation as something
  pushed her pussy lips apart. It was really sore! As the strap was pulled higher,
  the object drove deeper into her cunt - it felt rough and sharply pointed all
  over and she realized with dread that it was one of the strange brushes.  
Then came a sensation she knew and intensely disliked - something pressing
  against her anus. Alexa whimpered uselessly as the second prickly object easily
  overcame her sphincter muscles and worked its way up her ass. Marek did something
  that joined the tip of the stiff glove around her fingers to the cruel strap
  beneath her body. Alexa shook as her master's son attached a long pole to the
  back of her collar then locked her wrists to the shaft half way along its length.  
&quot;Father, can you open the door please?&quot; Marek began to pull the
  end of the pole upwards. &quot;On your toes, slave!&quot; Alexa cried in distress
  - the movement of the pole was pulling her arms up, which in turn meant the
  strap between her thighs was being tugged higher - and that was making the
  rough objects inside her aching pussy and backside dig in even deeper! She
  struggled up on tiptoes to gain any relief and yelped as she was propelled
  forwards by the pole.  
&quot;Please try to bring her back in one piece - at least on her first day's
  training!&quot; Her master sounded amused by her plight and gave her a painful
  swat on her backside as she was forced out into the corridor.  
Every step was sore - every movement made the horrible, sharp-surfaced plugs
  scratch in and out of her sensitive orifices. Alexa struggled to keep up on
  her toes and desperately tried to concentrate on the polished wooden floor
  in an effort to keep her balance. Marek gave her no respite and forced her
  on at such a pace she kept jarring her ankles because the chain linking them
  was so short. &quot;Keep that chain up off the ground, slave - I do not want
  to hear a single link touch the floor!  
Alexa was vaguely aware of passing people - there were men's shoes and trousered
  legs, and the bare legs and fettered feet of other girls like herself. She
  could hear their curious female whispering but never saw above their thighs. &quot;Keep
  moving, slave - FASTER!&quot;  
They finally reached their destination, much to Alexa's relief - her legs
  were shaking after their long exertion. Marek clamped the end of the pole in
  an adjustable bracket suspended from the ceiling in the center of the room.
  Unfortunately, this meant the only way she could keep the excruciating probes
  from fully penetrating her private parts was by remaining on her toes. And
  her feet were very tired and sore. &quot;So this is the little slave that my
  father has given up so much over.&quot; Marek whispered in her ear. &quot;He
  seems to be fond of you but to me you are just another piece of untrained female
  flesh. Now, your first lesson in obedience is never to disappoint me, slave
  Alexa. I do not like that - shall we show you what will happen if I am a little
  disappointed?&quot; He tightened a black, padded leather strap over her eyes,
  blindfolding her completely. She felt the pole being raised higher until her
  body was almost fully penetrated and she was only able to touch the floor on
  the points of her toes! Then there was a buzzing sound behind her. &quot;Uhhhhhnnnnn!!!&quot; It
  was like being burned by a fire that only lasted for seconds - but each second
  brought dreadful agony. &quot;These are only the mildest of shocks, slave.
  Just try to think what they will feel like if you anger me!&quot; He touched
  her with the prod in different parts of her body, making her dance and howl
  in distress. She couldn't see where the next shock would be, or when and for
  how long it might be applied. Alexa stumbled and fell after one particularly
  severe jolt coursed through her left calf but the rigid pole kept her up. The
  torture seemed to continue for ages until she heard Marek's casual voice whisper
  in her ear once more. &quot;So I think you will want to please me, won't you?&quot; Alexa
  whimpered that she did. &quot;I did not hear you, slave - speak up!&quot;  
&quot;Ummmphhh!!! Ethsssss!!!&quot;  
&quot;What? You want stronger shocks?&quot;  
&quot;Nnnnnnnnn!!! PLTHHHHHH!!! UUUUUUUUUUHHHHH!!!!!&quot; Alexa writhed
  and struggled as shock after shock jolted through her defenseless body.  
She accidentally knocked Marek's leg with her bare foot in her desperate
  attempts to regain her balance and to keep her weight off her throat and crotch
  restraints. &quot;Now you HAVE annoyed me, insolent slave!&quot; Marek snarled
  in her ear then did something to the chain between her ankle cuffs so she couldn't
  lift her feet off the hard floor more than a few inches. She knew the next
  sound; knew what it meant! Alexa shuddered as she heard the unmistakable noise
  of a leather belt being undone and removed. She tensed, uncertain where the
  first blow would fall and dreading its landing. He would be pulling back his
  arm - she knew the motion so well from her childhood. He would be aiming; he
  would bring down the b...AIIIIEEE!!! Fire erupted across the backs of her thighs
  just below her buttocks! They were some of the most painful, sensitive parts
  of her skin and this man had wasted no time in hurting them! A second blow
  lashed across the backs of her calves! Then he was forcing her left foot back,
  turning her ankle to expose...NOOOOO!!! Alexa bit down so hard on the rubber
  probe in her mouth she nearly severed it from the bridle. Her poor foot was
  bathed in agony! Marek dropped her ankle and twisted her right foot back. She
  couldn't bear to touch the ground with her thrashed left foot and swung her
  full weight on the pole, ramming the spiked probes completely up her ravaged
  vagina and rectum. She gasped as her collar pressed hard against the front
  of her neck. The lash of the belt across her right sole was too much. Her teeth
  severed the rubber probe in her mouth and she reflexively swallowed, helplessly
  blocking her airway! Alexa convulsed and thrashed in panic, trying to gasp
  in any air! She bucked and writhed in terror - choking! Ohh God, I'm CHOK...  
Moments later, she felt a blade sliding between her cheek and the leather
  strap. Marek tore away the ruined bridle and forced open her jaws to pull the
  rubber plug out of the back of her throat. She coughed and retched painfully
  for several minutes, fighting down her panic and the urge to vomit. As she
  inhaled freely again and her heart stopped pounding so fiercely, she briefly
  forgot about the awful pain between her legs or the burning welts caused by
  the leather belt. &quot;Th-thank y-you for saving my OOMPHHH!!!&quot; The bridle
  had been replaced by a ball gag! Alexa had to endure several more minutes of
  the leather belt before she was mercifully lowered until her knees touched
  the ground.  
Marek released her from all her fetters except for the straps around her
  waist and under her crotch, and the broad leather collar around her throat.
  He clipped a short lead to the rear of her collar and positioned her on hands
  and knees. Alexa felt so ashamed - he was treating her like a dog at an obedience
  class. &quot;That is the end of lesson one, slave. Remember we can return to
  it at any time if I think you have forgotten what you were taught! Now, you
  will crawl to the showers. Keep your head DOWN and do NOT speak!&quot;  
The journey from the room where she had been cruelly disciplined to the large,
  communal bathroom took them down a long corridor with a single flight of steps
  at the end. Alexa found it very difficult going down steps on her hands and
  knees but didn't dare complain - she just wanted to get the horrible brushes
  out of her sore insides and hoped this would be allowed soon. There were other
  girls in the showers - naked like herself but standing and whispering in French
  and English about her. A brown-skinned girl contrived to 'accidentally' rub
  her thigh against Alexa's shoulder but was sharply rebuked and ordered to stand
  clear by Marek. Alexa was so glad of her touch.  
&quot;Stand up, slave, with feet apart and hands on your head - MOVE IT!&quot; Marek
  unbuckled the tight strap that had squeezed her waist and pulled the loose
  end of the strap between her thighs downwards. Somehow, she managed not to
  cry out as both bristled probes were pulled out of her vagina and rectum -
  the pain was awful and she wept as silently as possible. &quot;Get those dildoes
  clean NOW, slave. Use the soap - I want to see them spotless.&quot;  
The soap dispenser smelled of disinfectant and she carefully cleaned off
  the horrible devices under the cascade of warm water before showing them to
  Marek. &quot;Good girl - now clean yourself before mealtime. And I mean THOROUGHLY,
  slave - and not just the outside of your body!&quot;  
&quot;Umm, I don't unders...&quot;  
&quot;Your cunt and ass, girl - surely you were taught to do that in England?&quot;  
She looked down in dismay. &quot;Y-yes, Marek but...&quot;  
&quot;Yes SIR! Do not EVER show disrespect again - or we will start with
  lesson one again! Is that what you want, girl? IS IT?&quot;  
&quot;N-no...sir. Please ohh please..." She burst into tears and hid her
  face.  
His voice had softened. &quot;Please what, Alexa - what is it you were going
  to ask me, slave? Speak honestly - I will not punish you on this occasion.&quot;  
&quot;P-please, umm, why...I mean why does everybody hate me?&quot; Her voice
  sank to a whisper. &quot;I c-can't h-help being l-like this. I know I'm not
  pretty or clever or s-sexy a-and I know you'll punish me for saying it but
  why, uhh, do I always have t-to be treated so h-harshly...&quot;  
He surprised her by actually stroking her head. &quot;This is for your own
  survival, Alexa. My father...your master has very high standards and you will
  thank me in the future. I know very little about your history. There is more
  to tell, is there not?&quot; He lifted her chin up. &quot;Get cleaned up then
  we will talk while you are fed - despite what you think, I am not a monster,
  girl.&quot;  
She felt the eyes of the other girls watching her intently but none dared
  approach while she knelt before Marek. &quot;Another spoonful - open wide,
  slave." Alexa kept her hands by her sides as he had demanded and opened her
  mouth. She was the only girl being hand fed and she sensed the other slave
  girls were bothered by this - were they weren't envious? &quot;Good girl -
  now, you have said little about home life. But you have a bad past, yes slave?&quot; She
  lowered her eyes and nodded forlornly. &quot;Listen to me, slave. That is finished
  - over. This is a new start. But I am puzzled. You are not stupid, you speak
  passable French, you learn quickly - so why did you go to the special school?&quot;  
He waited until she finished swallowing. &quot;Umm, m-my social worker, err
  she said I was uhhm educationally s-subnormal, sir.&quot;  
&quot;Then it seems to me she was wrong, n'est pas?&quot;  
&quot;Umm, oui sieur.&quot;  
&quot;D'accord.&quot; Marek paused to sniff the brown paste in the bowl and
  wrinkled his nose in disgust. &quot;What does this stuff actually taste of?&quot;  
&quot;I uhh I d-don't know, sir - I can't umm describe it sir but it uhhh
  it isn't too bad when you get used to it.&quot;  
&quot;Like slavery, then - do you think you will also get used to that and
  it won't be too bad, Alexa?&quot; He was smiling as she considered how to reply.  
&quot;I will try very hard, sir.&quot; She paused, unsure if her next words
  would get her into trouble. &quot;W-will you umm, will you help me sir? P-please?&quot;  
He sat looking down at her, not saying a word. Finally, he reached forward
  and slowly stroked her cheek. &quot;I lived in your country you know - I was
  at your Sandhurst on an exchange commission for nearly two years. Then we had
  the break-up of my country and I had to return to a war zone. I remember there
  was a Croatian girl trained by your MI6, a very beautiful blonde - I do not
  know why I am telling you this. She was captured trying to assassinate Karadzic
  - she was very good, nearly succeeded. Nearly blew my own cover too&hellip;and
  I had to interrogate then execute her.&quot; He continued to stroke her head,
  ignoring the look of horrified alarm on her face and the silence that had descended
  on the whole room. &quot;We raped and abused her, tortured her with shocks
  and heated pokers...then the questions started. Then we began again. She lasted
  nearly a week but by the time I had finished with her, she was not so beautiful
  and her death would be a blessing. She asked for my help too in the end and
  I did this by putting a rifle to the back of her head and shooting her on the
  floor of her cell - she could not even kneel anymore. You see, you remind me
  of her, even though you have no idea what I am talking about, do you? And now
  it is you asking for my help.&quot;  
&quot;Sir, Marek please sir, I'm sorry for asking. Please forgive...&quot;  
He placed his forefinger over her mouth. &quot;Of course I will help you
  - I will not be gentle or make it easier for you. It will be HARDER for you
  now little Alexa because I will make you as perfect a slave as I can.&quot;  
Alexa looked up at him. She knew he was waiting for her to respond. All the
  other slaves were listening too, weighing her up. &quot;Th-thank you, Marek
  sir.&quot;  
&quot;No - I thank YOU slave, for believing in me.&quot; He laughed and tousled
  her hair. &quot;Eat up - we've got much hard work to do!" He placed another
  spoonful of the slave rations in her mouth. Perhaps his father was not so foolish
  to take this little English girl as a personal slave after all...maybe she
  might just endure her training and be worth keeping for a while longer. And
  if his father tired of her, he could use the practice &ndash; Bosnia seemed
  such a distant memory and all those techniques he had learned from the British
  Army were getting rusty!  
ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - PART 10  
By slave ruthie  
&quot;What a funny little creature! That girl must surely be a special order
  - she is not even as pretty as the house slaves.&quot;  
&quot;Special? Very - very special indeed, monsignor...or should I now say
  'your eminence'?&quot;  
&quot;Ahh, Stephen, not yet - I am just a humble member of the Curia until
  the formal proclamation.&quot; The portly, bespectacled man smiled as they
  both looked through the two-way mirror at the naked, cowering girl desperately
  trying to adopt position after position as quickly as possible in the training
  suite. &quot;I will soon have to remember which ring to wear - it will be most
  confusing!&quot;  
Stephen grinned but did not take his eyes away from the intense interplay
  between his son and Alexa. Her total attention was on Marek's fingers. They
  had swiftly moved beyond verbal instructions and simple numbered commands to
  hand signals. It made him proud to see how his personal slave was learning
  so damn fast! Marek snapped his fingers then closed his hand into a fist before
  straightening his index finger and making a sharp, sideways movement at the
  wrist. Alexa immediately knelt with her right cheek firmly pressed to the floor,
  ankles crossed, thighs properly spaced one foot apart and wrists crossed behind
  the small of her back. Marek slowly walked around the girl, critically examining
  her posture. He suddenly lashed out and pressed the metal contacts of a shock-prod
  against the base of her spine.  
Even through the double-glazed mirror, Alexa's shrieks of pain and distress
  were loud and long. &quot;Ohh, that was harsh, Stephen - the girl did not delay
  and displayed her cunt well, surely.&quot;  
&quot;Her head,&quot; Stephen murmured. &quot;She moved her head slightly.&quot; Perhaps
  it did seem severe to an outsider but it was necessary. Alexa would only learn
  perfect submission if the slightest failure was corrected. Marek had been drilling
  her in the routine forms of slave posture for several hours now. Perhaps she
  was becoming too tired...but that was a matter for his son to judge and he
  knew better than to intervene and confuse Alexa by undermining her personal
  trainer's authority.  
The monsignor cleared his throat. &quot;I did not come down to the gymnasium
  merely to watch a new girl being trained - I needed to speak with you in confidence,
  Stephen.&quot;  
That bought Stephen's attention. Why would the Organization's closest master
  to Saint Peter's throne seek him out? &quot;Do you think I am in need of a
  priest, monsignor? I am not looking for absolution...&quot;  
&quot;Have you ever heard of something called 'Ordo de Terminus Crucis'?&quot;  
The fact that he was whispering although they were alone in the observation
  lounge intrigued Stephen even more. &quot;No, I don't recall the term - it
  sounds like an obscure cult. Is it another of those fanciful pseudo-Templar
  societies who claim to have found the lost treasure of Solomon or some other
  mystical artifact?&quot; If this were all the monsignor wanted to talk about,
  Stephen would far rather watch Alexa being trained.  
&quot;If the 'Order of the Final Crusade' was merely an apostate cult, I
  would not bother you. No...the 'old man' is very worried, Stephen - in fact
  I have never seen him so agitated since MOSSAD tried to lure Cardinal M________
  outside his Vatican sanctuary with that pretty blonde agent.&quot; The monsignor
  chuckled. &quot;She was certainly the most delicious bait I have ever seen!
  Such a pity the Swiss Guard became involved - I was really quite looking forward
  to another secret heresy trial and slow execution...but the Guard did have
  a lot of sport with her first, under my direction of course.&quot;  
&quot;Of course.&quot; Stephen kept his voice as neutral as possible and
  observed his companion while her peered through the two-way mirror. The man's
  expression had changed as his fanatical obsession with reviving the full force
  of the Holy Inquisition was revealed in his unblinking stare and the unconscious
  way he kept licking his lips. Stephen had heard the stories about a disused
  monastery in the Dolomites taken over by the monsignor and his fellow priests
  - and about the way these 'men of God' had extracted confessions of witch-craft
  from young orphan girls specially purchased in Bulgaria before consigning them
  to the spiritually cleansing flames. Yes, the cardinal-elect was quite mad
  but useful to the Organization if his inquisitorial perversions were carefully
  fed...and controlled. &quot;Hmm - Karol is a wily old bird. His holiness would
  not normally let himself be alarmed by a handful of fanatical dreamers.&quot; Perhaps
  this was more interesting than he had initially assumed. &quot;And what about
  your Opus Dei, monsignor - can't they or even the Knights of Malta deal with
  the troublemakers?&quot;  
&quot;They have both been infiltrated by this Order, Stephen - even R________
  does not know who to trust anymore.&quot;  
Stephen gave out a snort of derision. &quot;Cardinal R________ has never
  trusted anyone in his life! Why is this secret order so problematic to the
  church - you have dealt with cults before.&quot;  
The cardinal-elect paused then chose his words carefully. &quot;That MOSSAD
  girl told us many things before she died, things even I find unspeakable. The
  Order has been secretly approaching arms dealers in Russia and they are planning
  something very terrible, Stephen - something that will bring down the fury
  of the West to crush Islam once and for all. We do not know what but it will
  be worse than anything previously seen - and it involves nuclear material from
  the old Soviet Navy. This is all we know without showing our hand.&quot;  
Stephen realized the man was frightened; in fact he was terrified - why?
  The 'retired' Albanian brothers had been trying to buy decommissioned Russian
  nuclear submarine reactors for a mysterious third party. He would ask their
  cousin, Envar, who they had been dealing with.  
Meanwhile, Marek had stopped punishing Alexa and his slave was curled into
  a ball on the floor. He clicked his fingers and repeated the hand signal for
  the 'display and fetter' position. Alexa took a little longer to adopt the
  correct posture but this time she kept perfectly still, even when Marek slid
  the crop handle inside her vagina and left it sticking out to detect any slight
  movement of her body. Stephen counted the remaining seconds off in his head
  while his son watched the tip of the crop like a hawk - would Alexa last the
  full five minutes? ...296...297...298...299... YES! She had made it!  
*****  
Marek nodded almost imperceptively towards the mirror, knowing full well
  they were being observed. He crouched down, ruffled her hair and placed a tiny
  candy into her mouth. Alexa sneezed violently and blinked as tears stung her
  eyes. &quot;Don't you like my candy, little slave?&quot;  
&quot;Uhh...m-mint, I mean please sir, mint makes me sneeze, sir.&quot;  
Marek smiled and patted her head then removed the crop from between her cunt
  lips. &quot;Then lick the handle clean as your reward, slave - that last effort
  was much better.&quot; He watched Alexa use her tongue to lap her juices from
  the glistening leather. She had not even pulled a face but had immediately
  put the handle to her mouth without question. Alexa was displaying such obedience
  and yet he had barely started her basic slave training - what would this girl
  be capable of? Marek frowned. There was something not quite right about this
  girl. She was too compliant, too ready and eager to please. He preferred a
  girl who resisted, who fought back, whose spirit had to be overcome. Alexa
  appeared to have given up already and SEEMED not to require breaking. Perhaps
  she WAS genuine...but perhaps she still had a deeply buried independent streak
  that was hidden by her abusive upbringing - perhaps her breaking would be far
  more difficult than his father realized. The girl innocently looked up as she
  licked and sucked on the leather. Was she merely pretending to obey? There
  was only one sure way to find out but he decided the time was not right for
  such an extreme method - better to let her think she had successfully deceived
  him! &quot;So, Alexa - we will go through the eleven basic positions again
  until you have them perfectly ingrained. Put down the crop and assume 'attend'
  position in readiness.&quot;  
 Alexa immediately knelt with her thighs apart and ankles crossed. She straightened
  her back, wishing she had more voluptuous breasts, and placed her palms on
  her buttocks. She must not look directly up at him, she had painfully learned
  after he backhanded her, but she had to watch through the corner of her eye.
  He was making a curved sign with his fingers - the 'slave arch'! Could she
  get her head back enough to touch the floor with the top of her brow and avoid
  the shocking pain of the crop on her pussy? She grasped her ankles and threw
  back her head as far as possible.  
*****  
&quot;Come back to my apartment for a coffee, monsignor - we can talk in
  private about your secret society.&quot; He looked back in time to see the
  crop land between his slave's thighs - she cried out in pain but arched even
  further to avoid a second strike. Marek wasn't sparing Alexa in any way. His
  son had clearly taken the Organization's maxim to heart - 'spare the whip and
  spoil the slave'!  
*****  
She was so exhausted she thought she wouldn't even make it back as far as
  her master's apartment - she would have to crawl if Marek kept pulling her
  along by her collar chain. Alexa wasn't just extremely tired - she was very
  sore as well. Her body ached all over, especially inside down below. But she
  was secretly pleased with herself having finally managed a faultless performance
  of the randomly chosen positions and movements that a slave was required to
  learn.  
For some reason, Marek had frowned as he praised her - it was as though he
  wanted her to displease him! And she desperately wanted to impress him so what
  was she doing wrong? There was another girl in the corridor coming towards
  them. She was carrying a tray of empty dishes. As she neared them, the girl
  dropped to her knees and lowered her head so a curtain of thick, auburn hair
  covered her face. Marek walked past the kneeling slave without a second glance
  but as Alexa stumbled behind him, helplessly gagged and fettered, the slave
  looked up at her. Alexa was so shocked she stopped, even though it might anger
  Marek even more.  
He felt the sudden resistance of the leash chain and turned to order Alexa
  on. She looked back at him and he sensed something was wrong. &quot;Well, what
  is it slave? If you are wasting my time, we will go back to lesson one.&quot;  
&quot;Plsssss...Mkkkkk....ooookkkkk!&quot; Alexa kept turning her head, trying
  to point at the cowering slave who was pressing herself against the corridor
  wall.  
&quot;She is just a house slave - there's nothing..." Then he noticed the
  food stains on the house slave's hair and body. &quot;Look at me, girl, look
  at me NOW.&quot; She turned and lifted her gaze, revealing how her right eye
  was almost completely swollen shut, how her lower lip had been split, and how
  her nose was bloodied and might even be broken. His voice became gentle as
  he examined the tag through her ear. &quot;Who did this...petite V&eacute;ronique
  - who has hurt your face?&quot; Marek kept his voice steady, determined not
  to show either girl how angry he felt. This girl was a HOUSE slave, not a punch
  bag!  
&quot;Monsieur...he say n-not to tell, h-he say he kill...&quot; She was
  shaking so badly, Alexa wanted to comfort her but what could she do with her
  hands cuffed behind her back? She struggled to kneel and shuffled closer until
  her thigh touched the poor girl's side and was grateful that Marek did not
  order her away. But he had changed from looking so annoyed all the time and
  was showing such concern for the injured girl - for V&eacute;ronique - that
  Alexa felt confused.  
Marek reached into his pocket and removed a bright purple strip of plastic
  with a barcode on it. He looped it around V&eacute;ronique's collar and pulled
  it tight. &quot;House slave, you are under MY command now - you answer to no
  other except me or a master. Now, WHO did this to you and WHY?&quot;  
&quot;G-G&eacute;n&eacute;ral N'D______, h-he...m-ma soeur-esclave...ohh!
  Ma s-soeur-esclave, j-je p-pense elle est m-morte!&quot;  
&quot;WHERE - WHAT 'SISTER-SLAVE' AND IN WHICH SUITE? Answer me NOW!&quot; He
  was already punching the three-digit code for immediate security assistance
  into the keypad of a nearby intercom.  
The girl had buried her injured face in her hands. She whispered &quot;S-salon
  Bleu" then began to sob. &quot;N-not know the girl - she new slave l never
  see before...dark skin, l-long pl&acirc;it...s-she so beautiful!&quot;  
Marek wasted no more time listening to the girl's ramblings. He shouted the
  location into the speaker and ran along the corridor connecting the chateau
  to the old stable block where the guest suites were located. By the time he
  reached the Blue Room suite, two of the guards were already hammering and shouldering
  the doors. The lock splintered apart on the third attempt. Marek was assailed
  by the stench of blood. He turned to one of the guards. &quot;Stay here - keep
  everyone out!&quot; He noted that the key was still in the lock on the inside
  - the general must still be in the suite. Marek did not care for the 'general'
  - the African warlord had no formal military background and was rumored to
  have personally butchered all of the deposed president's family - even the
  smallest infants - following a violent coup in his native country. There were
  also much worse stories about the general - stories about his insatiable taste
  for white, virginal female flesh...literally.  
They were obviously too late. The trail of blood and devastation led them
  to the bathroom. Marek almost gagged at the sight of the general's severely
  mutilated, dismembered torso. Where on earth was the rest of his body? And
  what had happened to the other slave girl that V&eacute;ronique had described?  
They found the African's severed head lying by the bedside table. One half
  of his face appeared to have been torn away. His own ripped-off penis had been
  stuffed into his shattered mouth. The guard threw up at the scene. It just
  did not make sense - who could have done this? Marek picked his way over the
  smashed furniture and examined the window, exposed where the drapes had been
  ripped down. It was locked but had red streaks down the glass, as though somebody
  had tried to claw his way free. Marek's gaze fell on the remains of what looked
  like the victim's lower arm that had been thrown across the room - it was as
  if the general had been literally torn apart! There was a twist of red and
  gold fiber and jet-black hair in the contorted hand. Marek carefully pulled
  it free and placed it in a tissue. What had happened here - where was the missing
  slave? But they only found more parts of the general, even though the window
  and door to the suite had both been locked from the inside.  
Marek knew they would need a formal examination of the general's shattered
  remains, although the cause of death seemed gruesomely plain. Ordering the
  guard who had thrown up not to disturb anything else, he asked the other guard
  at the door to fetch master Arnaud and his slave, Nadine, immediately. Although
  the Belgian was actually a psychiatrist, he was the only medical doctor staying
  at the chateau. And Nadine had been a student nurse before she was enslaved,
  he had heard...  
*****  
Alexa tried to keep as close to the corridor wall as possible while men rushed
  past several times. The other girl had been taken away for treatment to her
  face. A stunningly pretty slave had come and held V&eacute;ronique while she
  wept then gently guided her upright. The girl had smiled at Alexa, stroking
  her hair as she whispered &quot;merci, ma soeur&quot;. Then she was left alone.
  At one point a guard had dashed by then returned only to lock her ankle chain
  to her wrist chain so she could not stand up. Then he clipped her leash chain
  to a nearby fixing ring in the corridor wall, forcing her to remain kneeling
  or choke. He wasn't being deliberately cruel, she realized, for he had grinned
  and ruffled her hair then lightly tweaked her ringed nipples and the tip of
  her snub nose before departing. She had no idea what the commotion was all
  about and had no choice but to wait where she had been fettered.  
*****  
&quot;Do you know how much force it would take to pull of a man's head?&quot; Master
  Arnaud surveyed the scene of carnage in disbelief. &quot;I do not just mean
  dislocating the vertebrae but tearing through muscle, skin and other soft tissue
  - it is beyond normal human strength! See? Look here below the jaw - there
  are no teeth marks or clean-cut edges to the wounds...no, this man was literally
  pulled apart. And it is not possible for your unidentified slave to have done
  such a thing - I assume she has not been traced? All the slaves have been accounted
  for? Then it is a double mystery.&quot;  
Marek tried not to look too closely at what master Arnaud was holding. &quot;Do
  you have any idea of the time of death?&quot;  
&quot;According to the rectal temperature and the onset of rigor, this man
  had died shortly before you found him...the house slave had just left the suite,
  yes?&quot; Master Arnaud removed his surgical gloves and dropped them into
  the open body bag. &quot;There will be no need to fake a death by the way -
  the g&eacute;n&eacute;ral was on the run for crimes against humanity, you know.
  We did not intend him to live here for long...&quot;  
&quot;No, I did not realize he was a fugitive.&quot; Marek felt distinctly
  uncomfortable. After all, he was also indicted and would be languishing in
  a prison cell in The Hague if his father had not arranged his own 'death'. &quot;So
  what are you saying, master Arnaud - that this is retribution by a frenzied
  killer who can tear a man limb from limb then walk through locked doors? There
  has to be a more reasonable - a more logical explanation. &quot;  
&quot;I am simply saying the g&eacute;n&eacute;ral has been violently murdered.
  Perhaps we can extract more information from that house slave? I am quite skilled
  at the questioning of females, as I believe are you.&quot; Master Arnaud smiled
  and quietly added, &quot;Pain is the most effective liberator of the truth
  where a slave is concerned, n'est pas?&quot;  
&quot;V&eacute;ronique is still receiving treatment for her eye - she is
  lucky not to lose it. I shall interrogate her in the morning.&quot; Marek did
  not want anyone else to deal with the girl. He had noticed her on several occasions
  - a shy, quiet slave who tried to make herself invisible but when serving was
  always attentive with the wine to refill his empty glass or to remove a dirty
  dish. And he was desperate to prove his worthiness for elevation to master
  hood - he wanted the Master's Ring on his finger...perhaps V&eacute;ronique
  would then wear his mark above her cunt - what brand would he choose? The design
  had to be registered and unique to him - a double-headed eagle, perhaps? Marek
  frowned and ceased his idle speculation. But this murderous attack on the general
  might suit him very well indeed!  
Marek ran his fingers through his hair. &quot;And we have a violent murderer
  - or a murderess - on the loose. Master Arnaud, can we keep this as quiet as
  possible? I do not want our killer to go to ground...let's make him - or her
  - feel relaxed and think there's no risk of detection. That way we might lure
  the general's nemesis out into the open.&quot;  
&quot;A dangerous game, young Marek - why not use that house slave as bait?&quot;  
&quot;Hmm, perhaps, I might. Now, if you will excuse me?&quot;  
&quot;Ahh, of course - your father's new little toy in the corridor! Interesting
  choice, is she not?&quot; Master Arnaud signaled for the guards to remove the
  body and begin clearing up the suite. &quot;I have agreed to be her sponsor
  - that is, if she survives your training program, Marek. Please send her to
  me tomorrow after lunch if you can spare her.&quot;  
*****  
Alexa kept perfectly still while her leash chain was freed from the wall.
  When the padlock linking her wrist and ankle fetters was moved, she remained
  kneeling until Marek tugged her up. &quot;You behaved well, Alexa. I will forgive
  your defiance on this occasion - just don't make a habit of it or you will
  be severely punished.&quot; They took a different route and Alexa became very
  confused. The chateau complex must be huge, she realized, to have so many different
  corridors and stairs.  
He led her through one last set of doors into a dimly lit hall. She could
  smell chlorine and could hear the dull sound of machinery or pumps. When he
  turned on the lights, Alexa stared in amazement and trepidation at a huge,
  dark swimming pool. There was a long overhead rail with a device on it. Marek
  pressed a button on a control panel and the object slid along the rail to pause
  above her head. &quot;We will finish this evening with a swim.&quot;  
Alexa began to panic his words sunk home. &quot;Nnnnn...NNNNNN!!!&quot; He
  drew a wire down from the device and clipped it to the back of her collar. &quot;Plsssss....nnnnnnn!!!&quot; He
  was freeing her ankles and wrists. &quot;Stppppp!!! PLSSSSSS!!!&quot;  
Marek frowned while he removed the ball gag from the extremely agitated slave. &quot;What
  is the matter NOW?&quot;  
&quot;I-I c-can't swim! I-I don't know how! Ohh Marek PLEASE...&quot;  
&quot;Then now is the time to learn - twenty lengths should be enough!&quot; He
  ignored her pleas and programmed the duration and speed into the gantry control.
  Alexa cried in terror as the cable from her collar began to drag her to the
  edge of the pool. She held out until there was no way of balancing and fell
  with a desperate splash into the water. &quot;Come ON, slave - use your arms
  - KICK those little legs of yours!&quot;  
*****  
When he opened the door, Stephen was met by the pitiful sight of his bedraggled
  slave hanging face down with her arms suspended between two guards. Alexa was
  too exhausted to even kneel properly and looked like she had been half dragged
  along the corridor. &quot;Over here, please.&quot; One of the guards threw
  Alexa over his shoulder and slid his arm between her thighs then reached behind
  to knot her hair in his free hand. She was too weak to resist and let her arms
  and legs just hang down with the short chains between her wrist and ankle cuffs
  loosely dangling against the guard's uniform. Stephen waited while her cuffs
  and collar were removed then saw the men to the door.  
The other guard handed him an envelope as he left. &quot;Marek said to give
  you this, monsieur. Bon nuit.&quot; Alexa was whimpering while she lay sprawled
  on the fur. Stephen watched her restless movements and smiled. He knew what
  was agitating her - exactly like Lyssa used to be. She evidently needed the
  comfort and security of bondage &ndash; a natural submissive who panicked without
  the reassurance of being controlled. &quot;Something missing, little Alexa?
  Put your ankle out, slave.&quot; Despite her weakened condition, it was gratifying
  to see her moving her left foot towards the single cuff attached to the wall
  by its sturdy chain. &quot;Good girl, VERY good girl.&quot; Despite her tears,
  Alexa's desperately tired face lit up at his words. He locked the cuff around
  her ankle and gently stroked her hair before draping the blanket over her body.
  She tried to press her head against his hand. &quot;Hush, girl, he whispered. &quot;You
  rest easy now - your master has you safe.&quot; Her sigh of pleasure tingled
  with relief told him everything he needed to know...that she was truly HIS.  
ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY  
CHAPTER 11  
By slave ruthie  
He looked so handsome, lying there like that with the duvet turned down to
  expose his muscular chest. Alexa stood in the bathroom doorway for several
  minutes and just watched him sleeping. That man is my master, she thought,
  and the thought brought a smile to her lips. It was early - not quite dawn
  but she couldn't go back to sleep again. Alexa's mind was still reeling with
  the previous day's events. She had never endured such dreadful pain as Marek
  had inflicted with all the electric shocks and that thin whip. He seemed to
  have a talent for hurting a girl in her most sensitive places - as though his
  skills were honed by hours of practice. She should hate and fear him - she
  certainly feared Marek but hate? No, she didn't hate him. It was odd but there
  was something likeable about her master's son, despite his sadism. She padded
  across the room to the curtains, carefully lifting the chain attached to her
  ankle to stop it tinkling on the polished floor. There was a faint glow in
  the sky but too much cloud to see the sunrise. The ornamental gardens looked
  very pretty, even though it was a cold, gray November morning (or was it already
  December - Alexa couldn't be sure).  
Something streaked across the lawn into the bushes far below the apartment
  window. It looked like a longhaired creature - was it the fox she had seen
  before? And a large, black dog with a spiked collar was hotly pursuing it.
  Alexa gasped, fearing for the poor animal as the larger guard dog cornered
  it out of sight under a tall hedge. It was impossible to hear what was happening
  but the foliage gave a tremendous shake then went still. Ohh the poor fox,
  she thought with dismay...then gasped when the smaller brown creature slowly
  emerged and trotted off at a leisurely pace, turning back to look at the hedge
  as if in disdain. As it resumed its casual walk, the animal paused to stare
  directly up at her window for a moment before sauntering away out of sight.  
A shiver ran through Alexa's spine and an unbidden memory came into her mind.
  Old Mrs Khindria, the widowed lady from Bangladesh who had helped in Mr Warren's
  general store, had given her a tiny silver pendant to wear for 'protection
  against evil'. Alexa remembered her exact words - words that had puzzled her
  then and now. Mrs Khindria had whispered &quot;guardian spirits are not always
  angels, my girl&quot;. Strangely, she HAD felt safer wearing the little amulet.
  It had been like the figure of a dancer but she had four arms instead of two.  
Where had the locket gone? She hadn't been given any of her clothes or possessions
  back and had no idea whether she would ever see them again. It was as though
  her old life in London had been wiped out, erased, just...gone. Again, the
  chill ran up her back and she felt terribly afraid and alone. The faint tinkle
  of chain on wood brought her back to the room and reminded her she was no longer
  on her own, adrift without purpose or a...a home. Her master stirred, Alexa
  stifled a cry with her fist and crept closer until she was kneeling by the
  bed. Strong fingers twined in her hair - not tight enough to hurt but firmly
  enough to control. &quot;You're an early bird, slave - I like that.&quot; He
  smiled but did not release his grip. &quot;Best part of the day for all sort
  of reasons.&quot; He grinned and threw back the duvet with his free hand. &quot;I'm
  a bit of an 'early riser' myself, my pretty little slave.&quot; He patted the
  mattress. &quot;In you climb!&quot; Then he pulled Alexa onto the bed and guided
  her until she was straddling him. She could feel him getting harder between
  her thighs. Her hand slid down to touch his stiff penis. &quot;Good slave -
  let's see how your muscle control is coming along. I want you to milk me with
  your cunt.&quot; Alexa guided his erection with her fingers until the tip of
  his member was nudging her glistening labia apart. She gasped then bit her
  lower lip as she slowly lowered herself onto his thick shaft. Her master smiled
  and placed his strong hands on her trembling thighs. &quot;Tighten on me and
  lift up until I'm just inside you then relax and settle right down as far as
  you can go...that's it! Again, slower to start with. Ahhhh - good little slave...slower
  - yes!&quot;  
Alexa was grateful that Marek had used a pressure-sensing dildo during her
  training. He'd locked her wrists at the ends of a metal pole that stuck out
  at either side of a heavy collar and forced her to stand upright by a winch
  chain at the back of her neck. Then her ankles were secured apart by another
  long pole. Marek had wheeled over a small device that was like a robot arm
  with a penis-shaped attachment on the end. He'd explained that it would measure
  how strongly she was able to squeeze against the dildo with her pelvic floor
  and vaginal muscles. If she didn't try hard enough, it would punish her with
  an electric shock. At first, Alexa hadn't understood what he was talking about
  and couldn't exert any pressure on the dildo. Shrieking in pain as successive
  shocks jolted inside her vagina, she had begged him to tell her what to do. &quot;Try
  not to pee,&quot; he had shouted over her horrified cries. &quot;Pretend you're
  trying to stop peeing, slave.&quot; Eventually, through tears and howls of
  agony, she had managed to exert enough pressure to stop the shocks. Her eyes
  wide at this revelation about her body, she looked up and saw him smiling at
  her for the first time. &quot;So that's two things you've learned tonight,
  little slave - how to swim and how to use your cunt properly.&quot;  
Alexa continued to apply the deep clenching of her inner muscles every time
  she lifted her body up before relaxing and sliding down to impale herself on
  her master's throbbing cock. He seemed to like it; in fact he liked it very
  much and eventually held her down as he shot his cum into the top of her vagina. &quot;Yessssss...you're
  a damn good fuck, little slave - well done.&quot; His praise was enough to
  send her over the edge into a mild, fluttery sort of orgasm - not like her
  usual hard, devastating climax but still very nice. He pulled her down to lie
  on his chest, still inside her and began to kiss her on the mouth. &quot;Look
  at me, Alexa. Did you just cum?&quot; He noted how red and pouting her lips
  had become and the glint in her eyes.  
&quot;I...uhh, umm y-yes m-master. It...I m-mean I...s-sorry.&quot; Was she
  in trouble again?  
&quot;You climaxed at the sound of my voice? Is that what made you have an
  orgasm?&quot; The girl nodded and peered anxiously at him. &quot;That's...very
  interesting.&quot; He had heard claims about this sort of thing from other
  masters but didn't believe it was anything more than typical male bravado and
  fantasies. Only now he knew different! &quot;Tell me, my little slave,&quot; he
  tried not to smile too broadly - and failed. &quot;Are all Brit girls as horny
  as you?&quot;  
Alexa laughed and felt a wave of joy rush through her body. &quot;Ohh master
  - I, uhhh, I don't know!&quot; He pulled her down, kissed her until she gasped
  for air then flipped her over.  
&quot;Then let's see if I can make you cum like that again.&quot;  
*****  
Marek stared down at the red-gold thread on his palm and sighed. He needed
  to sleep so badly but had been working throughout the night to supervise the
  forensic examination of the dead general's suite. Going through the African's
  belongings had been a disgusting experience. And Marek had witnessed - and
  participated in - plenty of activities that would turn the average person's
  stomach. There was a home movie in the video player, obviously filmed while
  the general exacted his own brand of retribution on the deposed president of
  _______ and his family. He had started with the infants, progressing up through
  the older children until he had violated and cruelly killed every person before
  the president's forced-open eyes. Marek shuddered as he remembered how the
  general had slipped in the blood of his victims, laughing and dancing as he
  waved around the machete that he had just used to rape and disembowel the president's
  teenage daughter. If anyone deserved retribution, the general would certainly
  come high on the list...and his own violent death was no loss to humanity.
  And to think he had even shaken the man's hand!  
Marek leaned against the corridor wall to gather his thoughts. All of the
  slaves in the chateau had been accounted for and none had been summoned to
  the general's apartment except for quiet, shy V&eacute;ronique - there was
  no way she could have murdered the man in such a bloody fashion without drenching
  herself in his blood. The idea that the lissome young slave could wield enough
  strength to dismember a powerfully built man with her bare hands was too preposterous
  - there HAD to be a sane explanation. He hadn't troubled his father with the
  gory details of what had occurred but knew is was only a matter of time before
  the incident became common knowledge. He would explain it later. For now, let
  his father take pleasure in the new slave...  
...Ahh, Alexa - what a surprise she had been! Marek recalled how the girl's
  expression had changed from anguished despair to grim determination to succeed
  when he shouted at her to swim for her life. Her frantic thrashing about as
  she fought to keep her head above water had been replaced by a clumsy but effective
  paddle and her look of amazement as she reached the other side of the pool
  was delightful. What a little fighter - she had pushed herself beyond her limits
  in her efforts to survive and to please him. Pity about her looks - she was
  too plain and small for Marek's tastes but she would certainly make an excellent
  slave and his father seemed to be delighted with the girl!  
Marek wondered when his father would finally tell him about the obvious problem
  with his health. He looked thinner and somehow sadder - until this business
  of the new slave from London. It was as though his father had found a new energy,
  a new purpose in owning a fresh (but highly unconventional) personal slave.
  But why the rush to train her - why the urgency? He was disturbed in his reverie
  by a piteous moan. The guards must have been preparing V&eacute;ronique for
  questioning. Marek wandered into the punishment room and nodded at the guard
  who was applying a final electrode to the girl's bare sole. &quot;When do you
  finish your shift, Pierre?&quot;  
The other man shrugged and concentrated on taping the metal strip firmly
  to the underside of the slave's trembling foot. &quot;I was supposed to finish
  last night - we had tickets for the Ajax match but I don't suppose we'll make
  it now.&quot;  
Marek tossed a bunch of keys to the man. &quot;Take my Mercedes - if you
  leave in less than an hour you could do it. I'll take over here.&quot; As the
  guard stood to leave, Marek cautioned him. &quot;Ohh and Pierre?&quot;  
&quot;Oui?&quot;  
&quot;100 euros says it's a draw, d'accord?&quot; The man laughed and shook
  his head, leaving Marek alone with the writhing V&eacute;ronique. She had been
  firmly strapped to the garroting chair. &quot;So, p&eacute;tite V&eacute;ronique...the
  slave who watches me when she thinks I do not see.&quot; The girl moaned and
  tried to ease the shocks tingling through her belly by straining against her
  leather bonds. He carefully assessed her before deciding how to proceed. V&eacute;ronique
  was securely buckled into a large, high backed armchair made from heavy, dark
  wood. She couldn't touch the ground with her toes and her legs were forced
  apart. The center section of the chair seat had been removed so the long probes
  into her vagina and rectum could be easily adjusted. Marek knew from her agitated
  twisting and pulling against the many straps pinning her to the rigid frame
  that the electrodes had been set to low pulsing and with each flinch of pain
  her anxiety would be rising. &quot;Your eye is bruised, not damaged - you will
  not lose your sight but the bandage must stay to help it recover. You WILL
  be beautiful again, p&eacute;tite V&eacute;ronique...if you survive my questions,
  of course.&quot;  
He rested his hand on the lever that controlled the garrote strap around
  her throat. &quot;Have you ever seen a slave put to death in this chair?&quot; He
  began to pull the lever slowly down, causing the girl to raise her head in
  a desperate attempt to relieve the squeezing of her neck. &quot;Oh, you have
  - the kitchen slave who stole the food. Let me think...Enrica, wasn't it?&quot; He
  watched her stiffen, splaying out her fingers as she wheezed and coughed but
  still made no attempt to beg for her life. &quot;Not a pretty sight, even with
  a slave hood covering her face, was she? She took such a long time to die...such
  a pity, n'est pas?&quot; He slackened off the garrote and waited while V&eacute;ronique
  gasped in urgent breaths. &quot;Still nothing to say?&quot;  
&quot;Uhh, monsieur Marek je vous mmmmmmmmm...&quot; His mouth stifled her
  words as he kissed her, forcing his tongue past her lips. V&eacute;ronique's
  uncovered eye widened in shocked confusion, the nagging pain between in her
  pussy and backside briefly forgotten. &quot;M-monsieur ohh je suis...&quot; He
  silenced her again with a prolonged embrace and this time his hand cupped her
  left breast, making her heart race.  
&quot;Did you honestly believe I never noticed how you always rushed to serve
  me first in the staff quarters?&quot; Marek gently stroked the girl's long
  hair. &quot;Why do you think you are still wearing my tag?&quot; He tugged
  at the identity tape looped around her plain collar. &quot;You will serve me
  properly later, ma p&eacute;tite esclave...after you have told me EVERYTHING
  about the g&eacute;n&eacute;ral and last night.&quot; V&eacute;ronique opened
  her lips, eager to speak but he thrust a ball gag into her mouth and buckled
  it tightly behind her head. &quot;No, no - not yet. First you need to learn
  WHY you will be obedient and will miss NOTHING out when you are finally permitted
  to talk.&quot;  
All she could do was squeak and watch in terror as Marek swung the control
  panel closer. He connected the flexible electric probe to the unit and held
  it close to the metal surface. A tiny, blue spark jumped across the gap, in
  turn also making the helpless girl jump in fright. &quot;Now, the dildoes in
  your crotch are set at the very lowest power. Let's see how much further they
  can go...&quot;  
&quot;NNNNNNNNNN!!!! &nbsp;P-PLLLLLLLLLSSSSSS!!!! URRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!&quot; He
  briefly twisted the dials to maximum then reduced the current to 10%. V&eacute;ronique
  thrashed wildly in the chair as her tender regions briefly burned with deep,
  searing pain.  
He gently stroked her tear-streaked cheek. &quot;Ahh, p&eacute;tite V&eacute;ronique
  - you think I did not see how jealous you looked when I fed master Stephen's
  new toy in the canteen? You wished it was you being fed, n'est pas?&quot; The
  trembling girl pressed against his fingers and closed her good eye in shame.
  He lightly tapped the end of her nose. &quot;Again, you forget I have placed
  my tag around your collar, slave. It will remain permanently attached and you
  shall serve only me unless a master requires you, of course.&quot;  
That got her attention - it was the closest a house slave could get to being
  a personal slave! &quot;Mmmmkkkk!!! Plssssss...ethhhsssss!&quot; V&eacute;ronique
  twisted and desperately tried to rub her head against his hand but he picked
  up the long electrode and moved it towards her ringed nipple. &quot;UUUUUURRRRGGGHHH!!!&quot; The
  savage jolt threw her back in the garrote chair. Marek shushed her then moved
  the tip nearer her other pierced breast. &quot;AAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEE!!!&quot;  
&quot;Did you know that a female under torture can stand much higher pain
  than a man? It makes a girl more difficult to break - too little makes her
  stubborn...too much and she dies of shock.&quot; The slave squealed frantically
  as he lowered the probe closer to her abdomen. &quot;The trick is...in knowing...the
  most sensitive points on a female.&quot; He let the tip spark across to her
  belly piercing. The effect was immediate, as though she had been punched hard
  in the stomach. &quot;You see, the female sexual organs...while they are highly
  sensitive and very enjoyable to torture...&quot; He slowly lifted the pointed
  metal tip higher, letting the spark jump to her skin for a fraction of a second. &quot;...are
  designed to take a lot of pain...no, there are other places such as...&quot; He
  seized hold of her hair, forcing her head back, touched the electric probe
  to the ring though her septum and held it there while she screamed in agony.  
V&eacute;ronique's harsh lessons continued while Marek cruelly taught her
  all the parts of her body that were the most vulnerable to pain. Her shrieks
  and wails of anguish finally took their toll when he employed the probe on
  the last location. &quot;Actually,&quot; he murmured, &quot;I misled you for
  there is ONE small part of the female sexual organs that can be EXTREMELY sensitive
  to torture.&quot; V&eacute;ronique shook her head in horror; Marek smiled and
  lowered the probe...  
*****  
Was it so obvious? Everybody they passed kept smiling at her! As she followed
  the guard back to her master's apartments while carefully balancing the breakfast
  tray, Alexa felt as though her cheeks were burning. Her cries of ecstasy under
  her wonderful master's expert hands, lips, tongue and...and his cock (stop
  grinning, girl!) must have been heard throughout the chateau! There was still
  a twitch in her left thigh muscle and she knew she was walking with a kind
  of swinging motion, acutely aware of her sensual feminine body. Master Stephen
  smiled as she entered behind the guard. &quot;Good girl - did you make the
  espresso yourself?&quot;  
&quot;Y-yes m-master.&quot; Was it good enough? Would he like...  
&quot;Excellent! A damn good coffee AND a damn good fuck too - what more
  can a master possibly need from his slave!&quot; Her face flushed with a peculiar
  mix of pride and embarrassment. The departing guard chuckled and suggested
  'perhaps two cups, monsieur?' before closing the double doors. Master Stephen
  made a tiny movement with his fingers prompting Alexa to immediately adopt
  the 'wait and display' position that Marek had drilled into her consciousness. &quot;No
  lessons today, my little slave. Marek has other matters to deal with and I
  have no need of you until later. However, you are to see master Arnaud this
  morning. Remember him?&quot; A nod but no sound with her eyes respectfully
  lowered was all her required to continue. &quot;Master Arnaud will take over
  as your owner 'pro tem', slave.&quot; Alexa felt a tear trickle down her cheek
  - he was getting rid of her already! &quot;It is a formality that some masters
  think has no real purpose...I happen to disagree and personally sponsored Nadine,
  master Arnaud's current slave. He has kindly returned the favor.&quot; The
  fact that she was openly staring up at him in confusion, her posture forgotten,
  made him smile for a moment. &quot;POSITION, slave! THAT's better.&quot;  
Alexa listened carefully while her master explained what was to happen. She
  had yet to be formally recognized as his property and it had become a tradition
  in the Organization for a new personal slave to be 'sponsored' by another master,
  to ensure she was fit to be collared. As he spoke, Alexa realized it was like
  the old idea of a bride being 'given away' - that she was a commodity whose
  ownership was being transferred. It should have been repellent but had the
  opposite effect. Alexa suddenly felt that she had value and that she was truly
  worth something! He noticed how her initial look of fear and uncertainty had
  been replaced by a broad, open-mouthed smile of sheer joy but chose not to
  comment and moved on. &quot;So you will attend master Arnaud and obey him as
  though his commands have come from my own lips.&quot; She beamed up at him
  with a smile fit to burst. &quot;Oh for GOD'S sake, slave, why do you look
  so damn happy? Are your psych meds too high?&quot; But he couldn't help grinning
  too.  
*****  
A newly showered Alexa trotted obediently behind the guard who was to take
  her to her temporary master. She made sure her leash chain was slack enough
  to avoid being tugged along but it meant her feet were almost skipping between
  the short hobble chain connecting her ankle cuffs. And she DID feel like skipping,
  she felt like dancing with joy - despite the fact that, as usual, her hands
  dangled uselessly halfway up her back in heavy cuffs. Instead of the ball,
  there was a strap over her mouth, securing a penis-shaped gag in her mouth.
  She sucked on it to stop herself from drooling then sucked on it again with
  relish and thought about wonderful, sensual, skilful master Stephen. Alexa
  felt so lucky - here she was naked, fettered and being led like an animal through
  a strange building in a foreign country. But despite the chains, the punishments,
  and the total disregard for her freedom she realized she had never felt such
  contentment and security in her whole life. It was so odd, so very confusing.  
*****  
...&quot;Non, ma ch&egrave;re esclave - you do not escape me by dying...not
  yet, not yet.&quot; He eased the slumped form of the girl off the garrote chair
  and placed her in the recovery position on the ground, again checking that
  her airway was now clear. Marek looked down at V&eacute;ronique: her face bruised,
  one eye covered by a stained bandage, hair soaked in perspiration, body peppered
  by tiny red marks where the electric probe had touched her skin; not a pretty
  picture but she would do him fine. Ahh, my sweet V&eacute;ronique, he mused,
  if I had a master's ring you would wear my collar and my brand would be burned
  into the flesh above your cunt. But he was daydreaming again and could only
  hope to earn his master hood by merit alone. Marek had neither sufficient power
  nor money to be invited to join one of the most exclusive clubs in the so-called
  'civilized' world. No, the only way he could earn a master's ring would be
  by proving himself within the ranks, just like Charles. He had warmed to master
  Charles at their first encounter when they were jointly selecting new slaves
  through a bogus international modeling agency. The naive east European girls
  had foolishly thought they were auditioning for a career on the catwalk - while
  they were certainly being chosen for their looks, their future contracts were
  more secure than they could possibly imagine!  
Marek watched V&eacute;ronique stir and knew she would be too weak to even
  crawl to the shower room. With a sigh, he knelt down and scooped her up. She
  came to while he carried her in his arms and her immediate reaction surprised
  and puzzled him - why was the girl clinging and nuzzling him so tightly while
  she sobbed? &quot;Hush, slave - its all over. Let's get you cleaned up then
  you can tell me all about the G&eacute;n&eacute;ral in my room. And I will
  show you how a good slave is rewarded for her efforts - would you like that?
  Oui?&quot; V&eacute;ronique buried her face in his neck and whispered that
  she would like that very, very much. Her emotional attachment to him evidently
  went much farther than the usual distorted intimacy expected between a victim
  and her torturer. Ahhh, l'amore! This slave was truly in love with him! Although
  the notion was gratifying to his male pride, Marek still felt unable to comprehend
  why a girl such as V&eacute;ronique could be so attracted by harsh discipline
  and firm control - he would have to ask master Arnaud, in his capacity as the
  Organization's consultant psychiatrist, to explain the peculiar inner workings
  of a slave's mind. Dominance was something he understood very well but Submission
  remained a sweet and utter mystery to him.  
ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - PART 12 
By slave ruthie 
How long was she supposed to kneel like this? At least the conservatory was
  warm, damp and smelled quite nice. And the music being played was sort of pleasant
  but very old fashioned and strangely religious - as though she was kneeling
  within a peculiar blend of church and jungle. The tall, white haired man continued
  to ignore her as he carefully misted and tended some long, almost straggly
  leaves that trailed down from a mossy tree stump. Master Arnaud hadn't even
  looked at her since she was brought in by the guard, unfettered, and ordered
  to adopt the 'display and attend' position. No, master Arnaud had curtly thanked
  the young guard and had continued to look after the odd-looking plants. The
  gravel floor was hurting her toes and knees but she kept position with her
  wrists crossed behind her back and thighs wide open. Alexa felt very vulnerable
  without any fetters, except for the red leather collar of a novice slave -
  it was so strange to find comfort in being restrained but when there was nothing
  to stop her from moving freely it actually made her feel agitated and uneasy.
  The sensation disturbed her enough to make her repeatedly grip her own wrists
  so hard that they hurt. 
The ethereal music trailed away into a silence only broken by the drips of
  warm water falling from the foliage around the vast, glazed room. &quot;It
  is perhaps not the prettiest or popular of orchids but certainly one of the
  rarest and most valuable.&quot; Master Arnaud's deep voice seemed to thunder
  in the silence. &quot;So valuable indeed, it is beyond price.&quot; He swiftly
  turned and looked down at her, making her cower under his piercing stare. &quot;And
  what about YOU, p&eacute;tite Alexa - how much are YOU worth, hmm eh?&quot; 
What was she supposed to say? Alexa couldn't think how to respond - she'd
  never really considered herself as having ANY value to anybody until her abductors
  had mentioned it. The mere idea of being anything other than a worthless, unwanted,
  ugly and stupid girl was profoundly gratifying...but to put a figure on her
  own value? No, Alexa pondered, it wasn't up to her - she felt that she didn't
  have the right. &quot;Uhh...umm, sieur, je ne sais p...&quot; 
&quot;In English, slave - your accent is so appalling it insults the French
  language...and my ears.&quot; 
&quot;S-Sir, I d-don't know m-my umm v-value...please.&quot; 
Master Arnaud seemed quite satisfied by her timid uncertainty. &quot;While
  you are under my temporary ownership I shall decide what fee your future master
  has to pay the Organization for collaring you, Alexa. Some of the newer members
  might dismiss this as irrelevant but Stephen and I happen to take our traditions
  VERY seriously. You see, mastership is privilege with both rights AND duties
  - any brute can hold a female captive and force her to do his will out of fear
  alone. But a TRUE master - or mistress - has a greater power.&quot; Arnaud
  chose to ignore the girl's startled expression - she evidently hadn't realized
  there were also women members of the Organization. (Although few in numbers,
  the mistresses were renowned and feared for their uncompromising harshness
  and skillful cruelty.) &quot;No, he or she commands by power AND respect...and
  in some rare cases by love.&quot; He knelt down and lifted her chin, forcing
  her to look at him. &quot;I believe you already love him a little, don't you,
  hmm eh? Come along, slave - answer my question. Tell me what you truly feel
  for my good friend, Stephen.&quot; 
&quot;Umm, please s-sir, I l-love m-master Stephen so very much I-I d-don't
  th-think I c-could live without him...� The tears rolling down her cheeks were
  more than enough to finish her faltering reply. 
Arnaud looked down at the distressed young girl. He knew all about lies and
  liars - his whole career as a forensic psychiatrist had revolved around his
  uncanny skill at separating fact from fiction. But this slave, this small,
  unremarkable and relatively plain girl was not merely filled with submissive
  desires - no, she evidently ACHED for Stephen. He wiped the moisture from her
  cheek and held his fingers to her lips. &quot;Lick my hand, little slave...savor
  the taste of your feelings for your future master.&quot; 
Alexa trembled and darted her tongue out. Her own salty tears made her sob
  out loud - not with sadness or despair but with a raw, overwhelming love for
  her master. Her hair was briefly ruffled as master Arnaud walked away to resume
  the careful misting of his precious orchid collection. She didn't dare move. &quot;Alors...we
  discover you have great feelings for my friend. It is good, yet it is NOT enough
  - will you be obedient and devoted at ALL times and in ALL the ways required
  of a personal slave, hmm eh?&quot; He continued to tend to the long leaves
  as the silence grew. 
&quot;Nothing to say? Will you earn a master's collar or end your short life
  with me tightening the noose around your neck, hmm eh? Or perhaps I will have
  to 'docile' you. Some masters prefer that now, you know - a mental age of about
  nine or ten is considered more than adequate for a female pleasure slave.&quot; He
  was watching her, she realized, watching and assessing her reactions. &quot;But
  I will need to be careful with you, hmm eh? You are obviously of limited intelligence
  and if I cauterize too much of your cortical tissue you might become a complete
  imbecile, n'est pas?&quot; 
He had a horrible laugh, Alexa thought. He seemed to think it was funny to
  ridicule her but she was used to being put down as slow-witted - it had happened
  all her life. 
&quot;Hmm, peut-&ecirc;tre the slow-release hormone implants in your upper
  arm should be enough without the need for extensive and potentially wasteful
  neuro-surgery!&quot; He smiled down at her. &quot;You really have no idea what
  I'm talking about, n'est pas?&quot; (What on EARTH had possessed Stephen to
  bring this ugly, useless creature back from England? He had vivisected FAR
  better specimens harvested from the Romanian orphanages - such a pity his dear
  friend Ceausescu had been deposed...) 
Alexa tried to understand his sinister words but even if they didn't make
  a lot of sense their effect was still chilling and dangerous. Surely he didn't
  really operate on the girls' brains? Ohh no! Her shaking became a shudder of
  revulsion - this man was actually serious! It all made horrible sense now.
  The poor girl she had seen in the canteen who was being helped to eat by another
  slave - she had a livid, red scar on the side of her temple where her fair
  hair had been shaved away! Alexa remembered how the girl had whimpered as another
  slave tenderly helped her control the spoon. The injured girl's vacant, expressionless
  face had made her seem more animal than human...and now she knew why! This
  master was thinking about doing the same thing to her! 
Alexa looked up in horror as master Arnaud blithely continued. &quot;There
  is always a place in our organization for a totally compliant female. Not very
  stimulating when it comes to intelligent conversation but quite amusing in
  so many other ways.&quot; He put down the sprayer. &quot;I consider it a privilege
  to continue with Mengele's pioneering research. After all, it is such a waste
  to discard stubborn or strong-willed girls who resist conditioning. They would
  all be put down without my merciful life-saving surgery. I believe it is a
  kindness to ease their mental suffering... ahh, here they are!&quot; 
Alexa turned her head to watch another man leading a stumbling, crying girl
  towards them. The man was in his late 20's or early 30's. He was gently holding
  the leash chain attached to the limping, weeping slave and his face looked
  deeply troubled. Alexa recognized the girl - it was Nadine, the slave who had
  comforted the injured V&eacute;ronique and had kissed Alexa in the corridor. 
&quot;You applied the whip as I wished? You concentrated between the slave's
  thighs?&quot; Master Arnaud scrutinized the angry, red lines covering Nadine's
  shaking body then motioned for her to open her legs wider. &quot;Good - the
  skin is not broken.&quot; He crouched and pressed a gloved hand upwards, exploring
  Nadine's cunt with a complete lack of sensitivity. She cried out in pain, making
  Alexa whimper in fear and sympathy. &quot;And did the bitch climax under the
  whip?&quot; 
The younger man cleared his throat and briefly glanced down at Alexa. &quot;Oui
  monsieur, she eventually came but is it really necessary to punish her so severely?&quot; 
Master Arnaud cut him off. &quot;How many times must I remind you, G&eacute;rard
  - you will never become a master until you learn to discipline a slave without
  sentimentality. Nadine is used to harsh control, aren't you, my dear?&quot; He
  lowered his voice as he turned away but Alexa could hear his chilling murmur. &quot;So
  much indeed that she has nearly outlived her usefulness to my research.&quot; 
He was going to operate soon on Nadine! Alexa was SURE that was what master
  Arnaud meant - he was a horrible, cruel and callous master. Alexa felt so angry,
  helpless and terrified. What should she do? What COULD she do? And all the
  time her mind reeled in turmoil of fright, rage and impotence she felt the
  steady, appraising gaze of Nadine's awful owner upon her. She awkwardly glanced
  up and saw his narrowed eyes above a sardonic smile - was he toying with her?
  Why was he deliberately telling her these horrible things...ohh it was all
  so confusing. 
&quot;Well and so, Nadine. Did the whipping cause a multiple climax or a single
  orgasm, hmm eh?&quot; Master Arnaud didn't even look at the girl but attended
  to his precious orchids, making Alexa seethe in greater, suppressed anger. 
&quot;N-non, m-mon m-m&acirc;itre je ne...&quot; 
&quot;En anglais, Nadine, pour votre s�ur-esclave.&quot; 
&quot;Ohh, pardon...sorry, master. I uhh I did not uhh orgasme much, merci...sorry,
  thank you.&quot; Tears were streaming down Nadine's face. Alexa couldn't bear
  it and shifted slightly in the girl's direction until the tips of her fingers
  brushed against the reddened skin of Nadine's thigh. She could feel the girl
  tremble and lean slightly towards her comforting touch. 
&quot;Hmm, I think you are getting too used to the lash, slave. Did G&eacute;rard
  use the crop between your labia?&quot; The girl lowered her head, covered her
  face with her hands and sobbed. Arnaud turned to the younger man. &quot;And
  did she hold her lips open for you to strike her as I ordered?&quot; G&eacute;rard
  nodded then glanced away. Alexa couldn't help noticing the look of disgust
  on the young man's face. 
&quot;Good slave, good girl. And is it very painful Nadine? Are you in a lot
  of pain, hmm eh?&quot; Master Arnaud patted her head. &quot;So you may go.
  Take Alexa here to care for you.&quot; He looked down at Alexa. &quot;You do
  know how to comfort a sister-slave, hmm eh?&quot; He didn't even wait for her
  response. &quot;G&eacute;rard, see they are caged together - I have no need
  of Nadine...for tonight.&quot; 
***** 
Alexa held tightly to Nadine as they followed the man called G&eacute;rard
  through the winding corridors underneath the chateau. But instead of leading
  them to the slave cages, G&eacute;rard abruptly stopped at the foot of a staircase.
  He sighed, straightened himself and murmured &quot;You, p&eacute;tite Alexa
  - you will go with Nadine and get something to eat in the kitchens. Then you
  will both go to a suite in the old stables and stay there until the morning.
  Use Salon Rouge - it is not required until next week.&quot; Despite G&eacute;rard's
  grim face, his voice was soft, making Alexa realize he wasn't angry towards
  them. &quot;Do not make a mess and leave the room tidy but...&quot; he reached
  out to gently stroke Nadine's hair, &quot;...you are allowed to play nicely
  with each other, okay?&quot; He removed a silver chain from his pocket. &quot;Stand
  straight, p&eacute;tite Alexa.&quot; She did but was puzzled as he measured
  out the distance from her collar to the front of her crotch. G&eacute;rard
  frowned, looked at Nadine, and then increased the length of the chain between
  his hands by several links before locking the girls' collars together. &quot;That
  should be long enough for you to reach each other&quot; he chuckled. 
Nadine smiled, lowered her eyes and whispered &quot;Merci bien, G&eacute;rard
  Sieur.&quot; 
&quot;Return here at 0800 hours and KEEP OUT OF TROUBLE.&quot; He grinned
  and ruffled Alexa's hair, making her blush and grin up at him. Then he left
  them alone. 
Nadine turned towards her, caught Alexa's uncertain expression, gently took
  her hand and kissed her. 
***** 
Master Arnaud heard the soft click of the conservatory door lock then turned
  to confront the intruder. His eyebrows rose in amused surprise - he had not
  expected his attacker to be so beautiful. 
***** 
Alexa kept glancing up at the incredibly statuesque girl who held her hand.
  She was lost for words, intimidated by Nadine's beauty...and height! Why on
  earth had master Stephen even bothered to notice her when this Organization
  he belonged to owned girls like Nadine? The more she thought about it, the
  more uncomfortable she felt - all the other girls she had seen since her abduction
  were so pretty and taller. But how could she question her future master's choice
  - that would be disrespectful and merit further harsh punishment! 
&quot;What are you thinking, ma ch&egrave;re?&quot; Nadine smiled and squeezed
  Alexa's hand as she led the smaller girl towards the kitchens. What a lovely
  slave this little English girl would be - not a classical beauty by any standards
  but there was something so appealing about her trusting expression and shy
  manner. Nadine had observed how master Stephen behaved when holding Alexa's
  leash - they had been in the reception area of the Great Hall - he stood taller,
  smiled a lot and kept looking down at his future property, as though he would
  never tire of simply watching her. And master Stephen somehow looked younger
  and less care-worn. As for Alexa, well it was so obvious that she adored her
  master-to-be by the way she kept the chain from her collar slack despite its
  shortness and pressed against master Stephen's leg for reassurance. 
&quot;Umm, I...uhh, I keep thinking I'm going to wake up - wake up alone in
  my little bed in London, and th-this will all have b-been just a-a d-dream.&quot; Tears
  had begun to trickle down Alexa's face as she faltered then whispered, &quot;b-but
  I DON'T w-want it to stop - I...umm, I want this to b-be REAL!&quot; 
Nadine pulled Alexa into her arms and kissed her full on her up-raised mouth. &quot;Tell
  me, you dear sweet girl - is...mmmmm...is THIS real enough for you?&quot; 
***** 
&quot;Who do you belong to, slave?&quot; Arnaud backed away as the lithe,
  powerfully built female circled ever closer. Willing himself to remain calm,
  he ventured, &quot;I do not recognize your brand or collar - who is your master,
  girl?&quot; 
The dusky-skinned beauty came nearer and Arnaud realized she had maneuvered
  him away from the door and the nearest intercom. He only hoped that somebody
  in Security had followed his instructions to keep him under observation at
  all times. &quot;Ohh you do NOT want to know the name of the One I serve!&quot; 
Arnaud fought against rising panic. The girl was getting even closer - her
  slave anklets tinkling as she moved into a distinctly predatory posture! &quot;W-who
  ARE you, girl?&quot; With a snarl, she wrenched the metal benches supporting
  his precious orchid collection free from the floor bolts to send the whole
  structure crashing down. She was close enough to touch him. The writing on
  her collar seemed to glow and writhe as though the words were dancing! This
  was impossible! His voice faltered as Arnaud's confidence evaporated. &quot;W-what
  ARE y-you?&quot; he managed to whisper before she pounced. 
&quot;Your judge.&quot; The impossibly powerful girl straddled his chest,
  pinning him down on the earth-strewn conservatory floor. Her eyes looked strangely
  cat-like and seemed to pierce him through as she crouched lower, lower, before
  parting her bright red lips to...kiss him... 
***** 
&quot;Umm, Nadine?&quot; Alexa copied her lovely companion and knelt in the
  doorway of the main kitchens. &quot;Are you sure this is allowed?&quot; 
&quot;Shh! He's coming over!&quot; Nadine squeezed Alexa's hand and opened
  her mouth like a baby bird in the nest. 
&quot;Aww BLEEDIN' HELL, girl! Not ANOTHER bleedin' mouth to feed?&quot; Alexa
  tried to suppress a giggle as she stared down at the white shoes in front of
  her. She felt her hair being tugged upwards but not in a painful way. She raised
  her eyes up the checkered outfit of the man. His grin was infectious. &quot;Huh
  - not much meat on this one, Nadine!&quot; Minutes later, Alexa was licking
  out a bowl while her sister-slave watched. The chef had put a chocolate truffle
  into Nadine's eager mouth, promising one for her little friend but only if
  her bowl of slave rations was completely finished. &quot;Aww fer chrissakes
  - you don't want to go eating the stainless steel too, girl!&quot; Alexa immediately
  lifted her head from the dish on the floor to apologize but a wonderful mouth-watering
  chocolate silenced her first word! 
***** 
Arnaud flinched as the girl tore open his shirt from the neck down. &quot;What
  is the matter, 'master', am I not good enough for you?&quot; She sneered and
  ripped apart the front of his slacks. &quot;Am I not desirable? Or am I fit
  only to hurt, maim and RUIN?&quot; 
&quot;Please...I d-don't have sex with the sla... AAAHHH!!!&quot; By merely
  stroked the tip of his penis with the manicured end of her index finger, he
  became painfully rock-hard! The girl was straddling him, settling herself down
  on him, RAPING him! 
&quot;I will NOT allow you to destroy any more of my daughters,&quot; she
  hissed, &quot;and definitely NOT my dear child Alexa!&quot; 
&quot;D-daughters? But...h-how o-old ARE you?&quot; Arnaud gritted his teeth
  in pre-orgasmic agony as the 'girl' ground herself against his hips and increased
  the dreadful pressure on his distended member. 
She smiled, no she PURRED with pleasure. &quot;I had forgotten how this felt.&quot; She
  stroked his trembling chest. &quot;It is better than I remember, nearly as
  good as avenging innocents! How DARE you mortals call ME a monster when you
  harbor filth like that vile male in your precious 'organization'?&quot; 
&quot;Th-the g&eacute;n&eacute;ral...'m-mortals'? You...you are not human!
  Mon DIEU...&quot; 
Her harsh laughter interrupted his exclamation. &quot;YOU have no claim on
  ANY god or goddess, you FOOL.&quot; At that moment, his attacker arched her
  back and howled as she came, making Arnaud shriek in agony as the pressure
  on his distended member became even more agonizing. 
***** 
&quot;Wow! He was really kind, Nadine. Umm, he's from London too, isn't he?&quot; 
Nadine shrugged and grabbed Alexa's hand, urging her along the corridor to
  the spare salon. &quot;It is surprising, n'est pas, that an Angleterre can
  possibly be a m&acirc;itre-ch&eacute;f.&quot; 
Alexa swiftly turned her head and looked up; ready to defend the man then
  noticed Nadine's amused expression. &quot;Ohh - you're teasing me!&quot; 
&quot;Mais oui, ma ch&egrave;re s�ur-esclave - please, let us hurry...I want
  you and me to be close NOW...� It was at that moment that the corridor lights
  flickered then dimmed. Both girls shivered then the strange feeling passed. &quot;Do
  not fear, Alexa - is only the uhh how you say...'g&eacute;n&eacute;rateur'?
  Alors, l'&eacute;l&eacute;ctricit&eacute; - the power must be cut by the storm.&quot; Her
  little companion stared through the nearby window into the courtyard and watched
  eddies of thick snowflakes swirling in the beams of the emergency lights. &quot;Brrr
  - let us get to our cozy bed - come ON, ohh please! I, uhh, I want you so bad,
  girl!&quot; 
***** 
There was nothing Arnaud could do - the 'slave' was pinning him down with
  her body and with one hand on his throat. &quot;A-are you here to kill me?&quot; His
  penis and balls felt as though they were burning! 
&quot;Kill you? Where is the punishment in that, 'master'?&quot; The stunningly
  beautiful dusky-skinned creature let her long plait trail across his chest,
  exposing the same copper-gold thread they had found in the dismembered g&eacute;n&eacute;ral's
  blood-spattered suite. &quot;Ohh no, you will live my sweet 'master' - if it
  is what you can call 'alive' - I will merely take away your power. Hear the
  judgment of KALI!&quot; With that, she forced his head to one side and whispered
  something in his ear...the effect was immediate. 
***** 
&quot;Ohhh Alexa, OUI - lick right UUUHHHH!!!!...there!&quot; 
***** 
The guards discovered him several hours later. Unable to move or speak, Arnaud
  blinked his eyes in frustration as he was lifted onto a gurney and taken to
  his own infirmary. The blanket over his naked, soiled body still showed the
  after-effects of Kali's retribution - his partial erection would be her cruel
  reminder of his former life before the devastating but not life-threatening
  stroke robbed him of all independence or communication. She had trapped him
  inside his own useless body! 
***** 
Lying cradled in the sleeping Nadine's arms, Alexa stared at the canopy over
  the large bed and tried to stop shaking in fear. She'd had another of those
  terribly vivid dreams - just like the recurring dream of kneeling on the floor
  in the limo, naked, fettered and collared for the first time. She could even
  smell the leather upholstery and feel the carpet under her body! That wonderful
  dream had eventually come true and this frightening nightmare had been just
  as realistic... 
...She was being half-dragged along a harshly lit corridor between two American
  female prison officers who were gripping her upper arms so tightly they hurt.
  What was the point - she couldn't exactly run away while her ankles were secured
  together by cuffs on a short chain. They did things so strangely in the prison
  dream too, fastening her wrists in front rather than behind and locking the
  thin cuffs to a chain about her hips...and she was even in clothing too, but
  the loose orange overall's sleeves legs were so long they reached past her
  hands and feet. And the thing that really terrified her was her collar was
  missing! 
&quot;C'mon, killer bitch - get a MOVE on!&quot; The darker one on her left
  dug her fingernails into Alexa's arm so hard that she thought it would bleed. &quot;Yer
  gonna be a FEDERAL prisoner shortly...an' we don't keep no Federal guards waitin'
  - it ain't polite!&quot; She whispered in Alexa's ear. &quot;Too bad this State's
  got no electric chair no more for filthy SCUM like you - stoopid bleedin' hearted
  do-gooders gettin' in the way of PROPER justice again.&quot; 
The other guard shook her arm too and snarled. &quot;Hey bitch, I've gotten
  ALL of ______'s albums, yanno - been to see her at Madison Gardens TWICE, even
  gotten her to autograph my goddam bowlin' shirt...then YOU go an' blow her
  an' all those other innocent fuckers away in that fancy club - why d'ya do
  it, silent-bitch? Whoever the hell ya are, yer gonna end up STRAPPED to a gurney
  in Terrehaute an' gettin' shot up with enough SHIT to kill the whole of Manhattan!&quot; She
  paused and chuckled harshly. &quot;D'ya know the best bit, mystery killer-bitch?
  Angie here an' me's gonna be cheerin' while ya slowly die in AGONY.&quot; The
  larger of t he two uniformed women grinned and muttered in agreement. &quot;D'ya
  think ah'm bullshitting, lil' miss 'Jane Doe'? Ya can stay silent for all ya
  goddam like but my cousin, Mary-Lou works on tie-down in Florida an' SHE says
  the 'row guards make real sure there ain't no Pentothal in them needles...only
  plain tap water. So ya gonna get paralyzed by that Pavulon dope with NO pain
  relief an' THEN they water down the Potassium Chloride shit so it don't work
  too fast while it fucks up ya body - ya can't scream, ya can't move, ya can't
  breathe...reckon it's like suffocatin' REAL slow!&quot; 
As they dragged her through yet another set of unlocked barred doors, Alexa
  shook her head in abject despair. &quot;Look, silent-bitch, ya can't deny it
  - ya were seen LIVE on NBC emptying that gun into the goddam BODIES for chrissakes!&quot;... 
...then she had woken, drenched with perspiration and shaking in terror. What
  was going to happen - who was she going to KILL??? 
Encounter With Destiny 
By slave ruthie 
Chapter 13 
It was the faint sound of sobbing that woke Nadine - the pillow was wet with
  her companion's tears. She sat up, puzzled and worried by the look of sheer
  misery and terror on her little sister-slave's face. &quot;Alexa, what is wrong
  - our love-making...have I upset you? Tu es d'accord, ma ch&egrave;re p&eacute;tite
  s�ur-esclave?&quot; 
&quot;J-just a bad dream, th-that's all...only a dream.&quot; But she had
  to look away to hide her anguish at the horrifying reality of the terrible
  vision. In her vivid nightmare, she had become a hated prisoner in an American
  jail - and she'd apparently done something so awful, so bad that the guards
  were taunting her about the cruel way she would be executed! What would she
  do? Why would she be branded a murderess? She forced herself to smile and tried
  to put the dreadful thoughts out of her mind. But she couldn't escape the fact
  that it had been as realistic as her recurrent dream of kneeling at her master's
  feet for the very first time in the limousine! &quot;Umm, Nadine, you...I mean
  you and me - it was so lovely, it really was so MMMMMMMFFFF!!!!&quot; Nadine's
  tongue got in the way and completely stifled her words as they kissed. Gentle
  fingers explored Alexa's pierced nipples...those magical fingers slid down
  her belly...the tips caressed then separated the soft folds of her vulva to
  tease and probe and rub and...and...&quot;UUUUUHHHMMMM!!!!&quot; 
***** 
&quot;I never expected you would meet me, Steve - I thought you were in Belgium
  training your new acquisition.&quot; Charles grinned at the distracted expression
  on his friend's face. &quot;News travels fast, particularly when a senior council
  member tells the Defense Secretary to go screw his disarmament treaty in order
  to devote his time to his latest slave!&quot; The motorcade swept through the
  security gates and joined the freeway without slowing. One good thing about
  the Brits, Charles thought, was their traffic cops -they obviously had VIP
  escorting down to a fine art. 
&quot;Hmm, and I suppose 'rumor control' thinks I've gotten a little crazy
  too?&quot; Stephen wrinkled his nose in disgust at the appallingly bad espresso
  that he had foolishly brought along from Heathrow. Goddam so-called 'executive
  class' airport lounges. Now if little Alexa had made it, the coffee would have
  been WORTH drinking! Alexa...wonder how she's doing...Arnaud promised to take
  care of her but his fellow master didn't look too impressed with the girl.
  It was a shame that Arnaud had been the only other master based at the ch&acirc;teau
  - Stephen would have preferred somebody else instead of his cold, sarcastic
  and sadistic colleague... 
&quot;Steve...err, hello?&quot; Charles waited for his friend to respond.
  He seemed totally absorbed with his thoughts. &quot;She must be very special
  indeed, this 'Alexandra'.&quot; 
&quot;Alexa - just Alexa...and, yes, this one is VERY special to me but I'm
  damned if I know WHY!&quot; He forced himself to take another sip of the dreadful
  'coffee'. 
&quot;After Lyssa was put down, I thought you would never take a personal
  slave again - you hid it well from everyone else, Steve, but I knew you were
  devastated when she slipped into the coma. Look, are you really sure this is
  a good idea?&quot; 
Stephen laughed. &quot;Charles, I never thought for one minute I might ever
  replace my Lyssa. I vowed to myself she would be the last - the pain of losing
  her was so bad. And then...then this little creature suddenly turns up unannounced
  and unlooked for - no WAY is she like my Lyssa. Hell, she's too skinny, quite
  short and no real beauty but...she's MINE and I wanted her in the moment I
  first saw her. Damnest thing, Charles, she submitted immediately. I didn't
  even have to break her!&quot; He noticed his younger friend's wistful smile. &quot;What
  about you, Charles - you must be the only master who has never taken a personal
  slave. When will we see YOUR mark on some young beauty's body?&quot; 
Charles sighed, stared out of the limo and watched one of their police motorcycle
  outriders streak past to clear the freeway ahead. &quot;I don't want that kind
  of slave - it's not for me.&quot; 
&quot;Look, I know you still miss Laura but...&quot; 
&quot;LEAVE IT, Steve...PLEASE!&quot; How could he ever get THAT committed,
  THAT close to anyone ever again? And how could he possibly make Stephen understand
  what it felt like when his wife bled to death in his arms having just lost
  their stillborn baby? Charles was haunted by the double loss and by the knowledge
  that it was his entire fault. After all, he had made the foolish decision to
  stay put at the farm rather than risk driving Laura to hospital through one
  of the worst blizzards ever seen in Alberta. She had begged him to take her
  because the pain was so bad but he'd refused, thinking he was protecting her.
  Then the bleeding had suddenly gotten far worse... No, there couldn't be anyone
  special for him again, not after what he'd done. He couldn't risk being emotionally
  close again - love just hurts too much. 
But Stephen wasn't finished. He decided to be up front and just get it over
  with. &quot;Look Charles, you probably know I've not been so well lately. You
  see I'm dying of inoperable cancer - at best got two years with the drugs,
  maybe far less...depends how much I can stand.&quot; He absently fingered the
  small container his friend the doctor had given him. The lethal dose would
  be fast and relatively painless. He broke the awkward silence again. &quot;This
  life's too damn short to waste it on regrets, Charles. You get one shot and
  you've got to do the best you can. Hell, ever since I met you and became your
  mentor after you first got your master's ring, you've kept yourself apart.
  Everyone else has a personal slave or a favorite house slave. Even some of
  the guards like to reserve a special girl unless a master or mistress requires
  her. But you are so goddam detached - no wonder we made you head of security
  over at the Ranch. Charles, it isn't enough, is it? I've seen how you turn
  your head away at a collaring - like you can't bear to watch a slave willingly
  submit to her new...&quot; 
&quot;Stephen, I'm truly very sorry you're so ill but please, PLEASE drop
  the subject!&quot; 
&quot;Okay, okay...but when the time comes, if Alexa is still alive, I hope
  you'll do the right thing...if I can't. Will you, for a friend?&quot; 
Charles stopped pretending to stare through the limo's darkened window, turned
  back and looked directly at his well-intentioned friend. &quot;I'm sorry I
  snapped - of course I'll deal with your new slave. You really did not need
  to ask.&quot; 
&quot;Good, thanks.&quot; Stephen sat in the uncomfortable atmosphere as they
  approached the organization's London headquarters. &quot;Then I don't suppose
  you'll be coming over to Belgium for Alexa's collaring?&quot; 
&quot;No, there's too much to do here in England - it looks like things have
  been falling apart for some time.&quot; Charles was grateful of the excuse
  to change the subject. &quot;I hear you've already weeded out the worst of
  the rogue guards - so many useful slaves needlessly ruined! What a damned WASTE!&quot; 
***** 
Alexa learned a lot that night from Nadine. The most important thing she discovered
  was that it was okay to be intimate with another girl, that it didn't mean
  she was a 'lesbian' or 'bi-sexual' and that those labels didn't really mean
  much anyway. Nadine had reassured her that 'slave-play' was normal, in fact
  it was healthy behavior for a female slave - she wasn't betraying her love
  for master Stephen when she climaxed by her own hands or from the sweet skills
  of another girl. Alexa was so relieved to hear this and Nadine's nursing background
  made her trust in what she said. 
&quot;Umm, Nadine, please uhh why am I...� Alexa swallowed her embarrassment
  and continued. &quot;Why...am I always so wet down below - between my legs,
  I mean. I feel so umm HORNY so much of the time!&quot; 
Nadine gently lifted Alexa's right hand and guided the tips of her fingers
  to the almost undetectable ridge under the skin of her upper left arm. &quot;You
  haves heard of 'HRT', yes?� Alexa nodded. &quot;This is a slow-release HET
  ampoule - 'Hormone Enhancement Th&eacute;rapie'. It does not just replace our
  missing ovaries but make...MAKES - pardonnez-moi - us much more sexy, more
  aroused.&quot; Grinning at her companion's flushed face, she stroked Alexa's
  moist, engorged cunt lips to prove her point. &quot;Like you are 'with heat'
  always, n'est pas?&quot; 
And she certainly was 'with heat' as they embraced and continued their tender
  love making under the glow of the suite's emergency lights... 
***** 
&quot;That's a call from Belgium, sirs - sorry to interrupt but they're saying
  its urgent.&quot; The chauffeur's voice clicked off the intercom and was replaced
  by a stream of agitated French. 
&quot;'HEY - WHOA! Calm DOWN, man - speak slowly and use English. Now, who
  are you and what the hell's going on?&quot; Stephen glanced at his companion's
  tight smile. 
The apologetic guard explained how the ch&acirc;teau was cut off by a freak
  storm, leaving him and his colleagues unable to get back for duty. &quot;Well,
  surely they can manage without you. Just explain the delay - tell them to...&quot; 
&quot;...Mais non, that is the problem, monsieur, we get no response to phone
  calls or radio. We have no communications with the ch&acirc;teau. I am most
  sorry to bother you but we thought you should know, monsieur.&quot; 
Stephen kept his voice under control but he was unaccountably troubled. It
  didn't FEEL right...and his instincts were usually correct. &quot;Yes, good
  - you were right to call. Keep me informed of any change.&quot; He replaced
  the handset and stared straight ahead. &quot;I have to get back to the airport
  as soon as we drop you off at the Club. Sorry, Charles. I was planning to give
  you a better handover than this. Something's not right back home at Ard&egrave;che.&quot; 
&quot;Surely it's just a bit of poor weather, but if you need to go I'll manage
  fine. Besides, how hard can being Acting Director of British Operations be
  - it's only a quarter of the size of the Ranch.&quot; Charles grinned. &quot;I
  think you're really missing that new slave, aren't you? She must be one helluva
  girl!&quot; 
&quot;Alexa is one of the best submissives I've ever handled, Charles. She's
  barely started her training and is already way ahead of the average slave.&quot; 
Charles thought the better of challenging his friend's bold statement. The
  look on Stephen's face showed how seriously he believed what he'd claimed. 
***** 
Nadine was a gentle, patient teacher who showed her the finer points of pleasuring
  and being pleasured by a female. Alexa lay flat on top of her lover and thought
  again how kind the guard called G&eacute;rard had been to let them spend the
  night together. The chain between their collars was just long enough for them
  to reach each other's cunts without having to curl up. She concentrated on
  teasing Nadine's clit to greater firmness by gently pulling the gold ring upwards
  with her teeth while sucking on the puckered front ridge of the squirming girl's
  labia. 
&quot;Aaaaahhhh, mon DIEU!&quot; Nadine thrashed and arched in ecstatic spasm
  so violently she nearly knocked both lovers off the bed. &quot;Ou, uhh - where
  did you learn, OOOOHHH...� She could barely speak for Alexa was repeating the
  same delicious torment, bringing her an even fiercer climax than the last! 
The door to the suite burst open, making the entwined girls shriek in fright.
  Marek swiftly unlocked the chain between their collars and hauled Nadine upright. &quot;You
  will report IMMEDIATELY to G&eacute;rard at the infirmary - MOVE YOURSELF,
  slave!&quot; He didn't even bother to watch the frightened girl run from the
  room. He reached down and grabbed a fistful of Alexa's hair and twisted it
  until she was squealing in fearful pain. &quot;As for YOU...tell me where you
  were since last night. Come ON, Alexa - WHERE THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN?&quot; 
She clung desperately to his arm but he simply tightened his grip. &quot;Oww,
  uhh P-PLEASE...OWWWW!&quot; Her tears meant nothing to him. Alexa knelt on
  the bed and sobbed in terror. &quot;M-Marek s-sir, PLEEEASE - me and N-Nadine
  w-we were never anywhere but th-the kitchens and h-here! W-we aint never did
  nothin' bad - honest, we never d-did...&quot; 
Marek threw her back down on the rumpled silk sheet in disgust. &quot;Oh,
  shut UP, slave - I need to think.&quot; He paced furiously up and down, ignoring
  her sobs. 
&quot;Umm, p-please Marek sir, w-what's happening - what's going on?&quot; A
  horrible thought struck her. &quot;Oh no - m-my master! Please Marek sir, your
  father, p-please IS HE ALRIGHT?&quot; She was becoming hysterical with fear
  and felt herself gasping for breath. 
A stinging slap brought her back from blind panic. &quot;He is well and due
  back from England in the next few days...and my father is NOT your master until
  you are fully trained and fit to kneel at his feet, girl. Remember your place.&quot; The
  look of relief on the girl's tear-streaked face certainly seemed genuine enough. &quot;It
  is master Arnaud - he appears to have suffered a stroke.&quot; Had she just
  SMILED? He grabbed her by her ears and shook her terrified head. &quot;Are
  you SURE you had nothing to do with it? There have been a lot of strange things
  happening since you arrived - the mutilated guard dog, the g&eacute;n&eacute;ral's
  murder, and now master Arnaud found in the destroyed conservatory!&quot; Marek
  slapped the sobbing girl hard across both her cheeks then thrust her backwards. 
&quot;P-please, Marek sir...please don't hurt me!&quot; But he was ignoring
  her again and seemed deep in thought. &quot;Please...&quot; 
&quot;Ohh shut the fuck UP, slave.&quot; Marek growled at the stupid, rather
  plain-looking girl his father was besotted with owning. &quot;Communication
  and power are down and there are no masters - my father's still away and master
  Arnaud's too ill even to speak.&quot; 
&quot;Are you in charge now, M-marek Sir?&quot; He was looking at her tear-stained
  face. &quot;Umm, my m-mas...I mean y-your father, he would expect you to take
  control, w-wouldn't he?&quot; That was it - she had gone too far, spoken out
  of turn and Marek would be furious. But the harsh blow she anticipated never
  came. 
Marek gently lifted up her cowering face with a finger. &quot;You're not as
  stupid as you look, are you, slave? In fact I'm beginning to see hidden depths
  in you - perhaps my father's decision to keep you for himself is not as strange
  as I had thought.&quot; He didn't elaborate, despite her puzzled expression. &quot;So
  you think I should take charge of the Ch&acirc;teau, eh? Then I shall and YOU
  are coming with me where I KNOW you can't get into trouble!&quot; 
He twisted her round and swiftly cuffed her wrists behind her back. Alexa
  obediently lay still while her ankles were fettered together by cuffs on a
  hobble chain. He pulled her head up off the bed by her ponytail and pushed
  a wide leather penis gag against her lips. &quot;Open, slave.&quot; She felt
  the rubber glans pushing between her teeth then the straps were tightened until
  the rounded tip rubbed against the roof of her mouth. Marek left her lying
  face down and walked to the door before calling out down the dimly lit corridor. �Pierre,
  round up ALL the slaves � I want every single girl accounted for and in the
  holding pen. V&eacute;ronique is secure in my room. Leave Nadine with G&eacute;rard
  but get the rest down to the cellars IMMEDIATELY!� He didn't even wait for
  an answer but strode across the suite to the bed and reached down to the helplessly
  fettered slave, dragging her onto her knees. Alexa struggled to get up and
  nearly stumbled face first - Marek was tugging her collar so hard by the still-attached
  chain that had linked her to Nadine. 
She was gasping with exertion by the time they reached the slave pens in the
  Ch&acirc;teau's cellars. Alexa was pushed into a large cell containing all
  the other slaves - there must have been nearly forty anxious faces staring
  at her. None of the other girls were in restraints but Marek made no attempt
  to remove Alexa's fetters. Instead, he padlocked her chain leash to a ring
  embedded in the stone wall then secured her ankle chain to another ring on
  the floor. She could neither lie down nor stand up and was only able to sit
  slumped uncomfortably against the cold wall. Why was he treating her like a
  dangerous animal? Tears welled up in Alexa's eyes as Marek bent down to whisper
  in her ear. But he didn't tell her off at all! He stunned her by softly murmuring, �Good
  little slave � I know you feel safer like this, don't you?� He reached down
  and playfully tweaked her left nipple ring before leaving the pen and locking
  the heavy steel door. 
Alexa was acutely aware of the silence. This was the first time she had been
  left in the company of more than one other slave without a master or guard
  present. The girls were watching her futile attempts to get into a more comfortable
  position. One of the prettiest, an incredibly beautiful blond, sniggered and
  whispered something that made some of the others laugh. Alexa cringed under
  their contemptuous looks � she felt so ugly, stupid and out of place. She had
  no business being among such a group of lovely girls and knew they despised
  her for it! Even the slaves who worked in the kitchens were so beautiful compared
  to her. It made her lower her head in shame and turn her face to the wall. 
&quot;Regardez 'la Porcelette'!&quot; A sneering voice made her look up. Two
  of the house slaves were standing over her. They were smiling but in a cruel,
  malicious way that brought back awful memories of Alexa's childhood. She had
  been picked on and bullied throughout her life and knew these girls intended
  to make her suffer for their pleasure. 
One of the slaves, a sophisticated looking redhead, kicked her cuffed foot. &quot;Aww,
  pauvre 'Porcelette' - you not knows zis name, lil' bitch?&quot; She gripped
  Alexa's hair and painfully forced her head up. &quot;'Le porcelet', it ees
  a lil' piggy, un p&eacute;tit cochon! Oink, oink - comprendez-vous? Jus' how
  you looks!&quot; Some of the other girls were sniggering but a few of the kitchen
  slaves looked acutely unhappy - still, none dared protest on her behalf. 
Now the other girl was crouching with her face just inches from Alexa's gagged
  mouth. &quot;Notre p&eacute;tite Porcelette - maybe you squeals like a piggy
  ausi?&quot; She began to push two of her fingers into Alexa's nostrils, bending
  her nose up and blocking off her breathing! 
The pain was terrible. &quot;MMMMFFFFFF!!!! NNNNNNN!!!&quot; The thick penis
  gag and the girl's hand muffled her terrified screams. She couldn't inhale
  properly. Tears ran down her face as both house slaves tormented their helpless
  victim. Just when she thought she would black out, Alexa's nose was released
  but not her hair. The redhead was pulling her ponytail upwards with such force
  she was barely grazing the ground with her buttocks! 
&quot;You dids not squeal properly, lil' anglaise Porcelette - BAD piggy.
  Now we gonna MAKE you squeal much!&quot; The blond signaled to her colleague
  who suddenly released Alexa's hair then knelt close behind her. She reached
  down with both hands over Alexa's trembling shoulders and tightly pinched her
  nipples between her forefingers and thumbs. Alexa whimpered as the redhead
  dug her nails deeper into her sensitive buds. &quot;Vous &ecirc;tre un AVORTON,
  p&eacute;tite Porcelette. Ohh, - pardonnez-moi! You not knows zis word also?
  Is, how you says en angleterre...ahh, oui - you is lil' RUNT!&quot; Several
  of the watching girls burst into harsh laughter at the cruel joke - that's
  exactly what the ugly English piglet was - the runt of a litter! 
&quot;NNNN!!!! MMMMMM!!! UUUEEEEEEEEEEE!!! AIIIIEEEEE!!!!&quot; The girl in
  front smiled cruelly as she twisted Alexa's clit at the same time her nipples
  were being crushed. She seemed to enjoy the way Alexa writhed and howled in
  agonized terror. The horrible torture went on until Alexa felt she couldn't
  stand any more. She writhed, twisted, shook violently, and then suddenly lost
  control of her bladder. The triumphant expression on her tormentor's face as
  the pool of urine spread between her victim's shaking thighs was so awful.
  It brought bitter memories of her bleak childhood back with force - Alexa howled
  in abject distress as blocked-out experiences of abuse and neglect forced their
  way past her battered mental defenses. She re-lived the time a drunken lodger
  had burst into her darkened bedroom, yanked up her nightie and forced his rough
  finger into her virginal...&quot;AIEEEEE!!!! NNNNNNN!!!! PLLLSSSSS!!!! NNNNNN!!!!&quot; 
As her body stiffened in overwhelming external and internal pain, the emergency
  lighting flickered then plunged the vaulted cellar into total darkness. Something
  large and powerful suddenly brushed against her thigh. Alexa heard a noise
  like a low growl then the sadistic girl in front shrieked in fright! It set
  off all the other slaves - they were wailing and screaming in fear and confusion
  in the total darkness. The heavy steel door flew open and one of the guards
  shone a powerful light into the slave pen. The girls clamored and begged to
  get out, pleading with the bemused man to let them stay in together in the
  Great Hall. Relenting, he barked an order for them to join hands and follow
  him. They pushed past Alexa and fought to get out first. 
Unable to speak or move from the wall, Alexa was left behind. Her feeble crying
  had no effect. The faint glow of the guard's torch dimmed as the other slaves
  left the warren of cells in the ch&acirc;teau's crypt. She was all alone in
  the pitch black, forgotten and ignored! This was one of the worst things Alexa
  feared, being trapped in the dark. Her mother had punished her when she was
  tiny by locking her up for long periods in a cupboard under the stairs. She
  lowered her head in despair and silently wept. 
Something touched her neck! It was hot, smooth and pushing her over as though
  it was rubbing against her body! Alexa wailed in fear. There was some kind
  of large animal loose in the slave pen with her but she was chained up and
  unable to escape! Whatever it was, she couldn't even see its outline. Alexa
  thrashed around in her fetters, desperately trying to keep it away! Where was
  it? She moaned and cried for her master, for Marek, for ANYONE to rescue her
  but she knew nobody would come - she was going to die! The thing in the dark
  was going to hurt her then kill her! Fear turned to panic. Panic turned to
  shock and she began to hyperventilate. She couldn't breathe properly with the
  gag in her mouth! Her heart was racing; she began to tremble violently. When
  the creature touched her face, she fainted in sheer terror... 
&quot;No, no, nooo - little child, my Alexa, you are SAFE now.&quot; Someone
  was freeing the buckle on her gag. Alexa took a huge gulp of air as the rubber
  penis was pulled out of her mouth. 
&quot;W-who...� Powerful arms held her. That musky spicy scent - she knew
  it from somewhere - CALLY! &quot;Ohh Cally, oh you're in terrible danger! There's
  an animal in here - leave me and save yourself before its too late!&quot; 
She heard Cally's unmistakable throaty chuckle, almost a purring sound. &quot;I
  chose you well for the game, little one - you think of another's safety before
  your own. But I cannot be harmed and I will NOT allow you to be either. Your
  'animal' is in your mind - there is no-one here but us.&quot; Kali stroked
  the side of Alexa's head with her cool fingers. 
&quot;B-but I felt, umm...&quot; What HAD she felt? Was Cally right - was
  it only in her imagination during her panic attack? &quot;Umm, Cally, its so
  good to feel you again! But I don't understand - where is your master? How
  can you be here in Belgium? And the doctor in London - he'd never heard of
  you. I don't understand...&quot; 
Again, Kali stroked the side of Alexa's temple, soothing away the little slave's
  troubled thoughts. &quot;You have moved me, my child. Very few of my daughters
  have done that.&quot; Strange little mortals, she thought, with their brief,
  inconsequential lives - like tiny sparks flickering out in the darkness. And
  yet occasionally there were special, rare mortals - like this slave girl... 
Kali smiled with satisfaction. Little Alexa had been spared from future disfigurement
  by that viciously bad-tempered guard dog. The deranged African killer who would
  have snatched her for 'sport' was suitably eliminated - oh, that was SO satisfying!
  And the sadistic doctor who intended to cripple Alexa's mind was now suitably
  entombed in his own crippled body. She considered staying longer but the main
  threats had been removed. This little creature would still suffer badly but
  her ordeals were necessary for the Game. Besides, the Opposition might cry
  foul if She bent time too much and Her strategy would be exposed. She tried
  to imagine the impotent fury of Her opposite player when little Alexa disrupted
  His future move - it would be a fitting revenge for Cambodia. 
The emergency lighting flickered back on. There were anxious voices calling
  out - time to depart. Kali crouched down by Alexa's sleeping form and whispered
  into her ear. A smile grew on the little slave's face but her eyes remained
  closed. Kali kissed Alexa's head then vanished. 
&quot;Alexa? Alexa?&quot; The voices were getting closer. &quot;P&eacute;tite
  Alexa - es tu d'accord?&quot; 
Marek allowed V&eacute;ronique to run ahead without chastising her. His preferred
  house slave had been horrified to discover that Alexa had been left in the
  pens without light or company. Marek was feeling sick to his stomach - he'd
  left the girl chained up so she couldn't lie flat. And he'd left her unsupervised
  with a penis gag strapped in her mouth. If she'd lost consciousness or fallen
  ill, his father's new slave might have choked to death! How could he have been
  so careless? 
He ran harder and overtook V&eacute;ronique. &quot;HEEL, slave!&quot; She
  immediately knelt, panting from exertion, and crossed her wrists and ankles
  ready for fettering. This one would do me fine, he thought, if...no, WHEN I
  am a master. &quot;Wait here - I don't want you to see this.&quot; Marek steeled
  himself then looked inside the vast cellar. 
His fears were unfounded. He was relieved to see Alexa lying curled up asleep
  on the stone floor. One of the other slaves must have removed her gag - it
  was lying loose on the floor...but the metal buckle was twisted out of shape.
  It looked as if it had been stretched apart! Although she was still in wrist
  and ankle cuffs, only Alexa's feet were still secured to the floor ring. Her
  stiff leather collar was lying loose but hung attached to the wall ring. Who
  had unlocked it? He picked up the opened red collar. The padlock through the
  strong hasp was still closed. The leather must have been cut ...no, it hadn't
  - it had been BITTEN THROUGH!!! 
Encounter With Destiny - Chapter 14 
By slave ruthie 
It took four days before the convoy of 4x4 vehicles could safely make it through
  the drifting snow. Marek was ready for their return. He had marshaled the guards
  and slaves with military efficiency to thoroughly clean the ch&acirc;teau until
  everything was spotless and gleaming. It had occupied everybody rather than
  letting them wait aimlessly until things returned to normal. Although the generators
  had plenty of fuel to last several weeks, NATO engineers had worked round the
  clock to re-connect power to what was officially listed as the highest security
  rated intelligence facility in the SHAPE network. Had they known the true nature
  of the ch&acirc;teau's operations, they would have been completely astounded. 
The convoy was due any minute now. All the slaves had been put through their
  paces and ordered to look their very best. A roaring log fire cheered the entrance
  hall and the chandeliers were sparkling with restored light. Marek strode down
  the line of kneeling girls and paused to correct the posture of a pretty kitchen
  slave. The name on her ear tag said 'Dominique' but he knew she could barely
  pronounce it any more. The unfortunate girl was one of master Arnaud's less
  than successful attempts to 'docile' a slave by neuro-surgery. From a talented
  and vivacious aspiring actress, she had been left barely able to communicate
  or do anything other than simple, repetitive tasks. Perhaps she would have
  been more fortunate if master Arnaud had vivisected her after the lobotomy
  - although her suffering would have been more extreme, it would also have been
  mercifully brief. Marek wondered if it was for the best that master Arnaud
  was unable to continue his dubious 'research' but what would be done with his
  personal slave, Nadine? Rights should put her put down in the traditional manner,
  as her master was now a living vegetable. But she was a valuable slave and
  G&eacute;rard was obviously deeply attached to her. His father would know what
  to do. 
&quot;Now listen well - &Eacute;COUTEZ, esclaves! When master Stephen and
  our guests arrive, you will NOT move and you will NOT make a sound. I will
  personally deal with ANY girl who disobeys!&quot; He frowned down at Alexa,
  still in heavy restraints and on her hands and knees - unlike every other slave
  in the room. &quot;And YOU will remain close by me, little one.&quot; He unlocked
  the leash chain attached to the back of Alexa's broad leather posture collar
  from the ring on the wall and guided her towards the lobby. Unable to see due
  to the blindfold strap, she was totally dependent on his control. &quot;Heel
  closer, slave. That's it - press against my leg.&quot; He had worked the girl
  hard, with a strict r&eacute;gime of exercise and harsh discipline. The little
  slave had passed every test with flying colors despite being repeatedly in
  tears due to sheer exhaustion. A lingering doubt remained about her extremely
  submissive nature. She still seemed too good to be true but he had run out
  of time to investigate matters further before his father's return. Despite
  his misgivings, Marek really could not fault the girl - he had deliberately
  kept Alexa with V&eacute;ronique in his room at night, correctly assuming they
  would form a strong slave bond. He allowed himself a tiny smile as he recalled
  being disturbed from sleep by V&eacute;ronique's helpless squeals of rapture
  as Alexa played enthusiastically with her sister-slave in the furs below his
  bed. A sharp word of warning had been enough to keep them quiet, except for
  his own reserved slave's sighs of frustration! For a novice, his father's new
  pet was evidently highly skilled when pleasuring another female. He briefly
  wondered what she might be like to fuck...but he would never dream of abusing
  his father's trust by penetrating his future personal slave. Instead, with
  his father's agreement, he had gotten Pierre and Horst to test Alexa's limits
  by making her satisfy the two men together. Alexa had successfully milked Horst's
  penis with her new-found vaginal muscle control while she sucked and swallowed
  every drop of Pierre's cum - not many slaves could co-ordinate both feats together! 
There was still the mystery about her broken collar in the slave pen. She
  would be dead from asphyxiation now if it had been left around her neck but
  who...or WHAT had severed the thick strap and saved her from choking? The leather
  was too tough to be pulled apart and the broken ends weren't frayed or cleanly
  cut but crushed and pitted by extreme force. Surely a slave could never bite
  hard enough? There HAD to be rational explanations for this and the other recent
  strange events. Some of the house slaves were making foolish noises about the
  ch&acirc;teau being haunted - they had been swiftly disciplined before their
  hysterical nonsense had gotten out of control. 
He looked at the security monitors. The first vehicle was pulling up at the
  front door. Marek's father was bringing the DNA results on the hair fibers
  he had taken from the G&eacute;n&eacute;ral's hand. It would have been cross-matched
  against tissue samples from every living slave in the Organization and should
  identify the girl seen by V&eacute;ronique in the G&eacute;n&eacute;ral's suite.
  Marek intended to find that girl and interrogate her until she screamed the
  truth from her tortured body. Then she would be executed in front of the other
  slaves. Marek disliked wasting the life of any useful girl but sometimes it
  was necessary as a harsh example to the others. For some reason, he could not
  shake off the nagging suspicion that Alexa was involved but that was ridiculous
  - she couldn't have helped kill the g&eacute;n&eacute;ral as she had been with
  Marek when it happened! 
&quot;Get that ass higher, little one. Back straight - knees further apart
  - good. Now STAY until I permit you to move from this spot.&quot; The vehicles
  had arrived. His father was talking to a small, dark-skinned man - it was the
  Organization's vice president! His father had not mentioned on the radio that
  master Imran would be coming. 
&quot;You've not met my son I think, your Excellency?&quot; Stephen smiled
  as they shook hands. A slave trembled and whimpered at Marek's side at the
  familiar sound of her master's voice. &quot;Well then, Alexa, stand up - let's
  have a look at you.&quot; Alexa immediately stood to attention and waited while
  Marek removed her blindfold. She blinked in the painfully bright light. &quot;Hmm,
  anyone have a crop I can borrow?&quot; 
Alexa gasped and didn't dare move. But her master did not whip her. Instead,
  he pushed the end through the gap at the tops of her legs. &quot;Feet together,
  slave.&quot; She felt the leather-covered thin whip sliding downwards, rubbing
  against her inner thighs. &quot;Much better - I do believe you've filled out
  a little. Keep still.&quot; She was left to stand with the crop suspended between
  her thighs. &quot;Yes, definitely much improved.&quot; The crop was withdrawn
  and tucked under her left breast. &quot;Hold your breath, slave.&quot; She
  waited, uncertain what he was doing. The crop fell as soon as he let go of
  the handle. &quot;Hmm - a bit fuller but we will need to keep feeding you up.
  What do you think, your Excellency? I'd value your opinion of this creature.&quot; 
Alexa was acutely aware that all eyes were upon her. The small, impeccably
  dressed man slowly walked around her, opened her mouth to inspect her teeth,
  turned her head from side to side, fondled her breasts, then touched her clit
  with a finger. Alexa couldn't help squirming in response. &quot;Not quite your
  usual type, Stephen - an interesting female. Tell me, young Marek, is she worthy
  to be my good friend's personal slave?&quot; 
Marek paused. The great hall was silent. Alexa held her breath. &quot;Yes,
  your Excellency. Definitely, yes.&quot; 
Alexa nearly stumbled with relief - she was good enough to be a personal slave!
  She wanted to run to master Stephen but she caught the warning look on Marek's
  face. She remained on the spot but it was hard, so hard. 
&quot;Have her taken to my quarters later, please. I will sponsor her in Arnaud's
  place.&quot; Even Alexa's master looked dumbfounded. Some of the other slaves
  whispered excitedly, forgetting Marek's dire warnings of severe punishments.
  The little runt - 'la Porcelette' - was being sponsored by the Organization's
  vice president! Master Imran glanced along the row of kneeling slaves. &quot;Very
  nice, very nice indeed.&quot; He peered around the spotless hall. &quot;The
  ch&acirc;teau is obviously very well run - everyone must have been working
  hard. You know, I think we could do with a little relaxation, Stephen. Perhaps
  we can have a party this evening? I am sure we can find something to celebrate.&quot; He
  ignored the squeals of excitement from the brain-injured kitchen slave at his
  feet, choosing instead to scratch her gently behind her ear. 
Master Imran smiled at the two Oriental men who had arrived with the convoy.
  They were gaping in wide-eyed amazement at the row of naked, kneeling girls. &quot;Minister
  Yao, you appear surprised by all of this - is anything wrong?&quot; 
The older of the two turned to his colleague to listen intently to the translation.
  After a brief exchange, the younger man stepped forward. &quot;No, your Excellency
  - it is just we did not think you were so civilized in the West!&quot; He pointed
  towards Alexa. &quot;The minister wishes to know also if this one is for sale?&quot; 
Master Imran paused, looked across at a startled Alexa then at her future
  master. &quot;Well Stephen, do you want to keep your little creature? I am
  sure we can find you a replacement.&quot; 
Alexa began to panic in the long silence. She was horrified at the idea that
  instead of being master Stephen's own slave, she might be sold like an animal
  to the Chinese visitors! Why wasn't her master responding? Surely he didn't
  really intend to...&quot; 
Stephen's laughter echoed around the lobby. &quot;Please thank Minister Yao
  for his most generous offer and for his compliment on my choice of slave!&quot; He
  waited while the translator finished his explanation. Minister Yao beamed and
  nodded. &quot;Alexa is definitely not for sale. However, there is a shipment
  of new stock arriving tonight from Estonia - perhaps he might find a girl worth
  bidding on at the auction.&quot; 
&quot;Very good - that is settled. Please make our honored guests comfortable.
  Minister Yao shall have the pick of the house slaves. Now I wish to see young
  G&eacute;rard in the library straight away, please. Join me as soon as you
  can, Stephen.&quot; Master Imran walked out, leaving turmoil behind. 
&quot;Well, is a slave going to greet her master?&quot; Stephen held out his
  left hand. Alexa looked up at Marek. He nodded. With a throaty sob, half in
  delight and half in relief, Alexa rushed to kneel before her beloved master.
  Tears dripped onto his fingers as she gently kissed the gold ring with its
  distinctive _______ design. &quot;So you missed me, Alexa? I hear you've been
  a very good girl for Marek. You have pleased your master, my pretty slave -
  well done!&quot; She was looking up at him with sheer joy. He ruffled her hair. &quot;Hmm
  - this is thickening nicely. Now go with V&eacute;ronique - she can prepare
  you, if that's alright with you, Marek?&quot; The courtesy was not lost on
  his son who knew that he had no slave rights over V&eacute;ronique if a master
  required her. &quot;Good. I will see you later then, Alexa. You may leave,
  slave.&quot; 
Alexa curtseyed then turned to find an elated V&eacute;ronique already by
  her side. The eye bandage was off and her new friend's bruised face was looking
  so much better. She grabbed hold of Alexa's hand while Marek removed the steel
  fetters from the little slave's wrists and ankles. &quot;Come ON, Alexa - we
  must you gets, err 'gets you' ready!&quot; Ready for what? Alexa let herself
  be dragged along the corridor towards the slave pens and hoped V&eacute;ronique
  would please explain what was happening and why everybody was so excited! 
***** 
&quot;You two slaves - STOP!&quot; Marek grasped a handful of each house slaves'
  hair and yanked down hard. &quot;Now...exactly WHAT is a 'porcelet' - did you
  think your whispers went unheard? And where exactly did you get the scratches
  on your cheek, Chlo&euml;?&quot; He twisted their ponytails until they cried
  in fear and discomfort. &quot;Have you been in a catfight with another slave?
  SPEAK, or will I need to EXTRACT the truth?&quot; 
He tried to hide his bitter disappointment as he forced the heavily restrained
  house slaves towards the punishment suite. Master Imran had obviously arrived
  to confer a mastership and it was clearly going to be on G&eacute;rard. One
  day he too would be made a master! He would just have to wait. He frowned in
  anger at the weeping girls and pushed the contacts of the cattle prod against
  Chlo&euml;'s left buttock. She cried in pain at the jolt and trotted as fast
  as her close-linked ankle cuffs would allow. He would teach these girls the
  meaning of pain! The other slaves were too intimidated to speak against these
  bullies but the brain-damaged kitchen slave had blurted out how they had hurt
  Alexa in the slave pens. Marek was no fool - he knew that any captive group
  would form a rigid pecking order but it was also critical to manage and keep
  it under firm control. These girls had gone too far and had to learn a hard
  lesson! &quot;Pierre?&quot; The passing young guard who had been most helpful
  stopped supervising the decorations and came across. &quot;Can you tell me
  something - what does the word 'porcelet' mean?&quot; 
Pierre grinned. &quot;It is a 'piglet' - why do you ask?&quot; 
&quot;No matter - thanks.&quot; He looked down in fury at the terrified house
  slaves and yanked their heads back by their hair. &quot;How DARE you criticize
  the worth of another slave! You two have insulted a MASTER - my father - by
  ridiculing his choice...and you have insulted Alexa's trainer - you have insulted
  ME!&quot; He forced them nearer the dreaded room. &quot;Pierre, you had better
  help - I might go too far!&quot; 
***** 
&quot;Umm, where are we going please, V&eacute;ronique?&quot; Alexa followed
  her sister-slave along the dusty corridor and shivered - there was no heating
  down here and the fading light outside would soon plunge this disused part
  of the ch&acirc;teau into darkness. &quot;P-please, V&eacute;ronique - I'm
  scared!&quot; 
&quot;Shhh - we are beneath the hall. A guard mights hear!� V&eacute;ronique
  coaxed Alexa through a long, narrow passage then out a small door. They were
  in the old stables. &quot;Zis is where it started - L'Organization all began
  here at the ch&acirc;teau. It was in the...uhh, you say 'seconde big war'?
  Alors, Les Am&eacute;ricains et les Nazis met here secret-ely in the ch&acirc;teau
  to end this war quickly - I not knows why. Regardez, see on the wood down there?&quot; 
Alexa had to get down on her knees. In tiny, scratched writing she could just
  make out the words 'Sauv&eacute; moi - Th&eacute;r&egrave;se - 1944.' &quot;Umm,
  who was she? Who was Th&eacute;r&egrave;se? Please, you're scaring me - why
  are you showing me these things?&quot; 
&quot;She was the first of us. Th&eacute;r&egrave;se was capture from a convent &eacute;cole
  by les Nazis. They use zis...uhh 'this' ch&acirc;teau for slave brothel of
  their officers. She carve her name here with her metal cuffs. Tout les autre
  girls were killed mais non Th&eacute;r&egrave;se, she was save by an Americain
  - Captain Ridley. You see the portrait in the great hall - the soldier standing
  with the girl kneeling in chains? That is Th&eacute;r&egrave;se.&quot; V&eacute;ronique
  made Alexa look at her. &quot;I show you these things so they not be forget.
  You must share one day with another new slave like this. Promise?&quot; 
Alexa was acutely aware she had been shown and told things that had been carefully
  passed in absolute secrecy from slave to slave for half a century. She looked
  up at V&eacute;ronique's serious face. &quot;Why now - please, why tell me
  now? What's going on?&quot; 
&quot;You not knows? Oh ALEXA - you surely MUST knows! Tonight is your collaring
  and you will be personal slave to master Stephen!&quot; 
***** 
Stephen firmly shook the new master's hand and grinned at the young man's
  delight. He recalled how shocked and unprepared he had been when he had been
  offered a Master's Ring during a WHO expedition to Malawi. A courier had arrived
  right in the middle of a meeting with government officials about immunization
  levels. He had hurried back to New York as soon as possible to attend the short,
  private ceremony. 
Stephen chuckled as he remembered how eager he had been to find a slave to
  serve him. The first girl he saw had been a house slave carrying a tray along
  the corridor outside the Master's Library - Kim had been her name. The poor
  girl had to abandon the tray as she was hauled off to the nearest suite. Stephen
  knew exactly who G&eacute;rard had gone to find. Nadine was Arnaud's personal
  slave but one of the rare kindnesses that her sadistic master had even done
  was to confer slave rights to his medical assistant, G&eacute;rard. 
&quot;By rights, we should be executing Nadine as soon as possible.&quot; Stephen
  looked across the desk at master Imran. 
&quot;Her master is not dead, my friend.&quot; 
&quot;As good as - G&eacute;rard says that Arnaud seems to have lost all muscle
  control. The man seems to be aware but he can't communicate.&quot; There was
  something very fitting about what had happened to his unpleasant colleague
  but Stephen decided to keep this thought to himself. 
Master Imran shrugged. &quot;No great loss - I never liked the man and his
  so-called 'research' yielded poor results and has consumed many perfectly useful
  slaves.&quot; He took another sip of tea. &quot;Besides, the girl is a trained
  nurse. She is too useful to waste. As long as they can keep Arnaud alive, she
  too may live. Do you agree, my friend?&quot; 
&quot;Completely.&quot; 
&quot;Good, then that is settled. Please arrange for the destruction of all
  Arnaud's papers and equipment - we will not be pursuing his wasteful experiments
  again. Now, tell me about this new slave of yours. She is most interesting.&quot; 
***** 
Marek pinched the top of the howling slave's labia while he drove the needle
  electrode up into her clitoris. &quot;Oh keep STILL, bitch - you'll suffer
  more if I have to take it out and push it back in again.&quot; He slid the
  last quarter inch into her trembling member then attached the final cable to
  the metal end. &quot;So - we'll start with random jolts of varying intensity.
  Pierre, have you hooked up Madeline?'' The other guard nodded. &quot;Well,
  since they shared the crime, they can share the punishment. I'm going to synchronize
  the pain inductors...NOW!&quot; 
Both girls shrieked in unison as they were thrown back into the heavy punishment
  chairs by the simultaneous shocks coursing through their tongues, nipples,
  and vulvas. Madeline, the redheaded house slave, wet herself immediately. Chlo&euml; wasn't
  far behind. As soon as the shock ended, both girls slumped forwards but were
  held in place by the broad leather restraints that pinned them firmly in position.
  Before they had a chance to even whimper, the next jolt coursed through their
  sensitive flesh at an even greater intensity than before. Marek looked at his
  watch. &quot;Can you keep an eye on this pair? I'll be half an hour.&quot; Pierre
  nodded, picked up a cattle prod, and pressed the pointed contacts against the
  sole of Chlo&euml;'s right foot. &quot;Hey, watch yourself, Pierre � these
  chairs are live and we don't want you getting a nasty shock too!&quot; 
***** 
&quot;You will have to decide between two freedoms, my dear.&quot; Alexa stared
  up in puzzlement at master Imran. &quot;I will ask you to choose between the
  freedom of death or the freedom of slavery.&quot; He held up a coil of twisted
  black silken rope. &quot;If you choose death, I will throttle you immediately.
  It has been a long time since I have had to do that but I can assure you it
  will be quick - I pride myself that I have some skill with the rope!&quot; He
  patted her absently on her head, ignoring her fearful expression. 
''On the other cushion will be your new master's collar. I understand you
  have a very high rating for submissive tendencies. It is nothing to be ashamed
  about, rather it is highly prized, my dear little slave. If you choose master
  Stephen's collar, you will be free to live as you truly are - a treasured love-slave
  at your master's feet. Would you like that, Alexa?&quot; 
She looked directly up into the small, dark-skinned master's dangerous, smiling
  eyes. &quot;Ohh master Imran, I would like that so very much! Umm, if my m-ma...I
  mean if master Stephen thinks I'm good enough t-to be his property, then I'm
  the luckiest slave alive.&quot; Oh no - he wasn't smiling any more. She'd said
  something wrong - he was annoyed - she must have... 
&quot;I have been a master for over forty years and I truly believed I had
  seen and heard everything a slave could say or do.&quot; He raised up her chin
  with his hand. &quot;You submissives still amaze and fascinate me. I think
  you will make Stephen one of the luckiest masters alive, little one.'' He grinned
  at her. &quot;Do not let us or yourself down. There remains the small matter
  of your price.&quot; 
&quot;Umm, my p-price?&quot; 
&quot;Did master Arnaud not settle this? Ahh I can see he did not. Well, is
  there anyone that you would like to benefit from your collaring fee?&quot; 
Alexa never hesitated - she knew immediately what to say. &quot;Umm master
  Imran sir? W-would it be all right if it went to a homeless shelter in London?
  They were closing down because they were running out of money and,&quot; she
  nervously continued, &quot;there was a poor old lady I used to see before I
  w-was taken. Y-you see, she - I m-mean...&quot; 
Master Imran smiled and placed one finger over her mouth. &quot;I will arrange
  everything with your new master. Now go - there are matters I must attend to
  before the ceremony. Keep out of trouble and enjoy your last few hours of relative
  freedom.&quot; He held out his hand for her to kiss his master's ring and privately
  wished Carol-Ann was there - his slave would have enjoyed the forthcoming ceremony
  very much indeed. 
***** 
He knocked and waited until his father invited him into the masters' library. &quot;Ah
  Marek. Thanks for running things so smoothly here...and for looking after my
  little Alexa.'' 
Marek smiled tightly, not wanting to show his feelings about being passed
  over for mastership yet again. &quot;It was a pleasure to help. You have the
  DNA results, father?&quot; 
&quot;For what they are worth, yes. The lab staff were not pleased that we
  wasted their time.� Stephen handed over the report and the small braid of black
  hair interwoven with red and gold threads. &quot;It is apparently not human
  but from a member of the cat family - possibly a panther.&quot; He looked at
  the crestfallen expression on his son's face. &quot;So that's it, then. It
  seems your investigation has drawn a blank. Oh there was something else though.
  Those threads aren't just gold but the purest, finest gold the analysts have
  ever seen from outside of a laboratory. Most odd, don't you think? I wonder
  how on earth the G&eacute;n&eacute;ral got his hands on it.&quot; 
ENCOUNTER WITH DESTINY - Chapter 15 
by slave ruthie 
Nobody paid her any attention. Alexa hovered uncertainly in the ch&acirc;teau's
  front lobby but she was given no work to do. Other slaves and even the guards
  simply ignored her and carried on with their preparations for the evening's
  events. When she tried to peep inside the great hall, she was firmly shooed
  away. Alexa had managed to see they were assembling some kind of stage and
  several large, strange items of furniture or equipment were wheeled in past
  while she sat hunched on the bottom of the wide staircase. Although Alexa wasn't
  frightened, she did feel excited...and frustrated that there was nothing for
  her to do. V&eacute;ronique had made sure she was thoroughly cleaned - both
  outside AND in - and her hair had been brushed until it shone. Then even V&eacute;ronique
  had sent her away because she was 'too busy'. &quot;Go and play, ma p&eacute;tite
  s�ur-&eacute;sclave!&quot; But there was nothing to do and Alexa was BORED! 
Eventually, she found her way down to the kitchens. It was a hive of frenzied
  activity with the m&aacute;itre-ch&eacute;f complaining to anyone who would
  listen (which appeared to be nobody) that there was too little notice, insufficient
  supplies, and not enough staff...but he was walking around with a broad smile
  on his mustached face. He spotted her standing by the door. Alexa expected
  to be chased away but he beckoned her closer. 'VOUS! Aidez l'esclave Dominique
  maintenant - ALLEZ V&Icirc;TE!&quot; 
Before she could explain, m&aacute;itre-ch&eacute;f Lescoix dragged her by
  her arm over to an incredibly beautiful girl who was clumsily struggling to
  decorate a platter with a piping set. The poor girl was obviously doing the
  best she could but she had little co-ordination and was quietly crying in frustration.
  Alexa knew immediately that this slave, Dominique, must have had some kind
  of learning difficulty or brain damage. 
Alexa recognized the signs because she herself had been placed in Special
  Needs Education after she was taken into care as a small child. There had been
  nothing wrong with her abilities but she had been so withdrawn and traumatized
  by years of sickening abuse, she could barely speak or even play at first with
  the other disabled children. 
Very gently, Alexa took Dominique's trembling hands and helped her steady
  the nozzle. Dominique was soon laughing with joy as they created tiny waves
  of pur&eacute;ed potato together along the edge of the platter. She helped
  the girl with other chores around the kitchen too, while the beaming m&aacute;itre-ch&eacute;f
  watched them with increasing approval. Dominique kept on staring at Alexa and
  touching her. Whenever Alexa smiled back, the blonde's face lit up with innocent
  delight. 
***** 
Marek watched their hands and feet twisting in agony for several minutes then
  nodded to Pierre. Both men took position behind the punishment chairs and began
  to pull the garrote levers down. Marek leaned forward and whispered into Chlo&euml;'s
  ear while she gurgled and strained against the unyielding straps. &quot;Don't
  get any ideas into your little head about blaming Alexa - you're being punished
  for interfering with a master's personal property and for being disrespectful.&quot; He
  slackened the lever a little to allow the slave a chance to gasp in some air
  but immediately re-applied the pressure around her throat. ''You two girls
  have been annoying me for some time with your insolent attitudes and the way
  you mistreat the kitchen slaves.&quot; He allowed Chlo&euml; to draw another
  breath then squeezed the garrote tight again. ''We can keep this going for
  hours, bitch. I could easily set the garrote to automatic and it will monitor
  your life signs to make sure you won't lose consciousness or die too quickly.
  Would you like that, slave-bitch? WOULD YOU?'' 
Chlo&euml; managed a faint gurgle and twisted her head slightly before a more
  powerful voltage burned inside her mouth, breasts, and cunt. Madeline also
  went rigid with the extreme pain. &quot;Are you going to be good girls from
  now on?&quot; Marek walked over to the control panel. &quot;Because if you
  put ONE step out of line again, you'll be back in these chairs again being
  publicly tortured until we get bored keeping you alive!&quot; He rotated two
  dials together. Chlo&euml; and Madeline screamed in sheer terror as they bucked
  and thrashed wildly against their unyielding restraints. &quot;Feel that heat
  inside your cunts and asses? Those probes are on the LOWEST settings. Just
  imagine what its like when they get REALLY hot!&quot; He turned off the console
  and began to remove the needle electrode from Chlo&euml;'s right nipple. ''Pierre,
  could you get these two bitches cleaned up then bring them down to the store
  room?&quot; He yanked the sobbing girls' heads up by their hair. &quot;I'm
  going to give you sorry cunts a last chance to redeem yourselves and prove
  it's worth sparing your miserable asses. Depending how you behave, I will decide
  which of you lives and which of you dies. But if you fuck up, you'll BOTH be
  executed tonight - DO YOU UNDERSTAND?&quot; 
''O-oui, M-marek s-sieur!&quot; Both girls nodded in desperation then crawled
  unsteadily behind Pierre towards the showers. 
***** 
&quot;What the hell do you mean you can't find her?&quot; Stephen fumed at
  the apologetic guard. &quot;What do you think she is - a goddam BRIDE late
  for her WEDDING?&quot; Matters were not helped when Imran made an unfortunate
  comment about it being the first Collaring he'd ever heard of where a master
  had been 'stood up at the brazier by his own slave'! &quot;Dammit - where's
  Marek? Oh never mind - I'll find him myself!&quot; 
Master Imran winked at the shame-faced young guard. &quot;A bad case of pre-collaring
  nerves,&quot; he muttered before retreating to the sanctuary of the masters'
  library. 
***** 
&quot;You...� Marek took hold of Alexa's ear and hauled her out of the kitchen,
  ''...have an uncanny knack for causing trouble even when you haven't done anything
  wrong.'' He paused to unlock her red posture collar and remove it. Alexa suddenly
  felt very naked and strangely isolated. He noted her reactions and how she
  nervously touched her bare neck with both hands. &quot;Look - it isn't for
  long and then you can be a proper slave with a real collar, okay?&quot; 
Alexa didn't expect to hear kindness and she specially didn't expect to be
  spoken to almost as Marek's equal. It slowly dawned on her that she was now
  neither a novice nor a collared slave but somehow 'in between'. It would be
  over soon and she would again be treated as property with absolutely no rights...unless
  she chose the black silken cord. For a fleeting moment, she wondered if Marek
  would let her leave the ch&acirc;teau and return to her old, lonely life in
  England if she asked him. The thought repelled her - ohh she desperately missed
  her young cousins, Nikki and Julie, and her dear aunt Faye too but there was
  no way she could even THINK of a life without her master. &quot;Go and see
  V&eacute;ronique down at the store room - she can help you choose something
  to wear for the ceremony.&quot; 
&quot;To, umm, wear? But...&quot; 
&quot;Look, Alexa. It's a kind of tradition - no idea why. Just do it for
  me, okay? And please be as quick as you can - I don't think my father can stand
  waiting for much longer!&quot; 
V&eacute;ronique was waiting for her at the door of a room filled with rack
  upon rack of all sorts of kinky outfits, fetish gear, and other strange accessories. &quot;What
  are you going to wear for your master? There is not much times - what about
  a sexy leather thong? Or maybe zis sheer playsuit?&quot; 
Alexa was still a little confused. &quot;Umm, can I just wear a dress or something
  simple?'' But V&eacute;ronique would have none of it. Alexa stared helplessly
  down the rows of exotic garments in despair until she saw exactly the right
  outfit. V&eacute;ronique frowned in dismay at Alexa's lack of imagination. &quot;It
  will just haves to do. Now we MUST goes - you CAN'T be late!&quot; 
When they entered the great hall, Alexa began to feel very nervous. The room
  was far from silent. She walked past the sea of staring faces, ignoring the
  slaves' whispered comments on her chosen garment and knelt as she had been
  instructed earlier by master Imran. V&eacute;ronique was kneeling just behind
  to her left. Alexa looked up at her future master. He was struggling to contain
  a broad grin and was evidently delighted by her attire - that had been the
  whole idea and it had worked! 
Master Imran spoke slowly and clearly. &quot;Alexa, do you understand why
  you are here?&quot; She nodded, too afraid to speak. &quot;You see before you
  two objects. You must choose only one. If you take the rope, you will be strangled
  immediately. If you select the collar, you must submit completely to master
  Stephen. He will be your absolute owner, controlling every aspect of your life
  and the manner of your death. You will be his personal property and you will
  cease to exist as an independent, free person. Alexa, do you understand?&quot; 
She tried not to shake too much. &quot;Y-yes, m-master.&quot; 
&quot;Well then...CHOOSE!&quot; 
Alexa's hands trembled as she reached for the rough, plain metal collar on
  the purple cushion. It looked crude and heavy compared to the collars worn
  by the other girls. But it didn't matter - she would love it as much as the
  finest of jewelry because it meant she would finally belong to her master.
  She would belong somewhere...and to someone at last. 
&quot;Very good. Strip and prepare yourself to submit.&quot; Alexa stood and
  reached up to her neck then carefully opened the long zip at the front of her
  shiny, red catsuit. As she peeled the clingy fabric down he body, it revealed
  her only other adornment -a slim, gold chain that linked between her nipple
  rings then snaked down her belly to her pierced clit. Alexa shyly glanced at
  Master Stephen to see him grinning from ear to ear. When he gave her a knowing
  wink, she smiled and blushed with pleasure. &quot;Now stand facing the witnesses
  while you are collared, slave.&quot; Alexa felt her master lift up her hair.
  She waited for the heavy steel band to be fastened around her neck. 
Why was he taking so long? Had he changed his mind? A sudden crash startled
  her. She moaned in despair as the steel collar slid across the marble floor... 
...But he had not let go of her hair. Alexa felt the hard ends of a collar
  rubbing against her throat as her neck was encircled. Some of the onlooking
  slaves gasped and pointed. She would never forget the sound of the click behind
  her head when the two ends met. 
She had been collared. 
&quot;Turn around and kneel, my little slave.&quot; Her master's deep voice
  betrayed a slight hint of emotion. She obeyed and looked up into the handsome,
  smiling face of her beloved master. Tears of relief and joy streamed uncontrollably
  down her face as she reverently kiss the master's ring on his hand. The great
  hall erupted with thunderous applause, cheers from the guards, and the weeping
  of several slaves who were overcome with emotion. &quot;Now kiss the whip,
  MY slave.&quot; Alexa trembled as she pressed her lips to the leather-bound
  slave crop, knowing that it would be readily used on her body as her master
  saw fit. 
The rest of the ceremony was seared into her memory as much as the white-hot
  brand was seared into the skin above her cleft. She had willingly lain down
  on the rack and held out her arms and legs to be strapped and stretched apart.
  V&eacute;ronique had mercifully held the rubber bit between Alexa's teeth while
  her new master applied the iron to her flesh. Strangely, the burning sensation
  wasn't as dreadful or as long as she had feared. The soothing, cool salve afterward
  melted away the pain. 
Alexa put her hand up to feel her collar. It was warm to touch, slender, and
  seemed to have a pattern engraved around its circumference. There was a single
  ring at the joint but no padlock - if there was a keyhole, Alexa couldn't detect
  it. &quot;Ma ch&egrave;re s�ur-esclave - your collar! You are so fortunate!&quot; V&eacute;ronique
  curtseyed to Alexa's master and begged permission to let his slave look into
  the large mirror above the great hall's huge fireplace. She cheekily plucked
  an orchid flower from a nearby display and tucked behind Alexa's ear before
  leading her little sister-slave across the floor by her hand. 
Alexa gaped open-mouthed up at her reflection. Her collar was pure GOLD! It
  was embellished with a finely engraved Celtic interwoven design - her collar
  was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen! 
Master Imran's voice drew their attention back to the stage. The two friends,
  Alexa and V&eacute;ronique, listened closely to the small man's words. &quot;...And
  so we have decided to agree to master G&eacute;rard's request. Although Nadine
  remains bound to master Arnaud for the remainder of his life, she shall also
  serve as master G&eacute;rard's personal slave.'' Both girls jumped up and
  down in delight. Nadine broke down in tears of relief at her second master's
  feet. 
But there was one further announcement. &quot;We have also decided that as
  master Arnaud is too ill and master Stephen wishes to concentrate on training
  his new personal slave to competition standard, the ch&acirc;teau will need
  another master. Will you join me here on stage, Marek...or should I say MASTER
  Marek?&quot; The slaves' shrieks of amazement and the roars of approval from
  his fellow guards accompanied a stunned Marek as he woodenly shook master Imran's,
  then new master G&eacute;rard's, and finally his father's hands. The sovereign
  ring easily slid onto his finger. Again, tumultuous applause rang around the
  hall. 
Marek cleared his throat. &quot;I...I'm honored, your Excellency.&quot; He
  paused, frowned, and then looked around the room. &quot;Something is missing
  - a master must have a personal slave...� Savoring the electrically charged
  atmosphere, he paused then took a deep breath. &quot;HEEL, V&Eacute;RONIQUE!&quot; Alexa
  had to catch her friend to prevent her falling. V&eacute;ronique started to
  run. She did not stop running until she reached Marek's side. She crouched
  on hands and knees while a leash was clipped to the back of her collar. &quot;Do
  not even THINK of looking up, slave, unless, of course, you wish to be severely
  punished.&quot; 
''Oui - err, n-non...mon ma&icirc;tre Marek!&quot; 
***** 
The celebrations continued into the early hours. Master Imran was delighted
  by the enthusiastic lesbian S &amp; M display by Chlo&euml; and Madeline. His
  obsessive passion for fetish gear was well satisfied by their kinky costumes,
  which Marek had personally selected. 
Alexa watched goggle-eyed - she had never seen anything like it before! The
  lights had been turned down until only a solitary pool of white illuminated
  the stage. The slaves gasped when Chlo&euml; entered first. She was wearing
  an amazing black latex costume consisting of thigh boots, shoulder-length gloves,
  and an open-breasted high-cut bodysuit. Her boots and gloves ended with hooves
  just like a real pony's! Her wrists, elbows, thighs and ankles were fettered
  and chained; she had a black leather bridle over her head attached to a very
  high posture collar; her mouth was forced open by a bit gag and her sight was
  restricted by blinkers. Most amazing of all, Alexa noticed what looked like
  a long horse's tail protruding from a rubber plug between Chlo&euml;'s buttocks!
  A few yards behind her, holding the long reins from Chlo&euml;'s bridle in
  one gloved hand and a leather multi-stranded whip in the other, Madeline strode
  proudly into the hall. Also dressed in latex, she looked like a Ringmistress
  from a circus! 
The performance put on by the two house slaves was stunning. Master Imran
  clapped his hands with delight when Chlo&euml; was trotted and displayed around
  the great hall. Madeline was a relentless mistress, applying the lash to her
  pony-slave's bare buttocks for the slightest flaw in her posture or unevenness
  of trot. When Chlo&euml; squealed and jumped after a well-aimed strike against
  the back of her exposed thighs, it became clear the girls were taking the act
  very seriously. Madeline led her pony to a pair of heavy wooden stocks and
  secured Chlo&euml; by her head, wrists and ankles to leave her helplessly bent
  forward and exposed. The audience cheered when new master Marek intervened
  and substituted the strap-on dildo Madeline was fitting to her costume with
  a much larger studded version. He made a worried-looking Madeline show the
  immense black rubber member to the trapped Chlo&euml; who squealed and fought
  desperately in panic against the unyielding stocks. Marek fully opened the
  zip along Chlo&euml;'s crotch and held up the ponytail hanging from her anal
  plug then pulled Madeline closer. &quot;DO IT, bitch - if you don't fuck her
  NOW, you will take her place and then you'll be back in that electric penetration
  chair having your breath slowly squeezed out of you while you fry!&quot; His
  chilling words quietened every slave in the hall, except for Dominique who
  whimpered and began to cry. Nadine crept over and cuddled her to calm her distress. 
When Madeline began to press the studded bulbous tip between Chlo&euml;'s
  labia, her victim screamed. As the pointed barbs along the ridge of the dildo's
  massive glans forced their way past the entrance to Chlo&euml;'s vagina, she
  strained uselessly against the rigid stocks in agony. Bit by bit, Madeline
  drove the cruel shaft further into her sister-slave's cunt. Chlo&euml;'s screams
  became more anguished as her soft tissues were thrust apart. &quot;Go on, bitch
  - fuck her PROPERLY!&quot; With a cry of despair, Madeline began to pump the
  brutal phallus in and out of her friend. &quot;DEEPER - I don't want to see
  ANY part of that dildo unused!&quot; Marek slapped Madeline's backside, propelling
  her rapidly forwards. She rammed the whole length of the studded brute into
  Chlo&euml;'s ravaged pussy until her hips pressed up against her victim's buttocks.
  Chlo&euml; stiffened and ground her teeth in agony on the rubber bit in her
  mouth before flopping limply in the stocks. Marek quickly removed the unconscious
  girl's gag and held up her head by her hair to stop her choking. 
The hall was silent. When Chlo&euml; finally moaned weakly, minister Yao stood
  up and started to clap. His translator stood and joined him. Soon, the great
  hall reverberated with tremendous applause - the two slaves would be permitted
  to live a little longer. 
Alexa knelt at her master's feet and watched her new friend from the kitchen
  plodding gracelessly over with a small bowl that had been sent as a surprise
  by m&aacute;itre-ch&eacute;f Lescoix. It contained fresh strawberries dipped
  in rich, dark Belgian chocolate! As master Stephen picked one up to feed his
  slave, Alexa noticed how Dominique was staring longingly at the sumptuous treats. &quot;Umm,
  please...master?'' 
Stephen looked up, smiled, and then beckoned Dominique to kneel by Alexa. &quot;Very
  well, my little slave. They were all meant for you but it is obviously in your
  nature to share. It seems that you have impressed our master chef, by the way
  - he wonders if you might be free to help in the kitchens when I do not require
  you. Would you like that, my pretty slave?&quot; The look of pleasure on her
  face clearly showed that she would! He fed the girls in turn, observing how
  his slave had reached up to hold the brain-damaged kitchen slave's hand. 
Master Stephen smiled down on his love-slave. She was watching transfixed
  as several house slaves vied with each other to display their talents at pole
  dancing. Some day, she would too be twisting and gyrating just like them but
  she would far exceed their efforts. Stephen intended to train his property
  until she attained the extremely rare 'perfect 10' on the Slave Index. 
My slave! 
My very own love-slave! 
He reached down and slid his fingers under the back of her new collar. Alexa
  turned and smiled trustingly up at him before returning to watch the wonderful
  dancing. 
Stephen coughed then stared down at the tiny spots of bright red blood that
  lay on his handkerchief. Quietly, without drawing attention, he folded it away,
  pulled Alexa closer by her collar, and turned his attention back to the display. 
(THE END...OF THIS PART IN THE ORGANIZATION SERIES) 
Dedicated to the memory of Frances Elaine Newton (1965-2005). 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slave ruthie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





