BDSM Library - Jenny Learns Her Place




Jenny Learns Her Place
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After years of tormenting her brother Eddie, Jenny finally gets a lesson in what true humiliation is.
Jenny Learns Her Place

Eddie was a shy guy who always kept to himself. Most of his life he was tortured
with hearing stories of what a joy his sister was to be around. None of them
knew what a raving bitch she was behind closed doors. Over his teen years he
grew to hate his older sibling more and more, not just for the terrible ways she
tormented him as a child but also for the years of being compared to her
perfection. It wasn't until the weekend of his parent's anniversary party he
finally found a way to exact his revenge.

For years Jenny had made his life a living hell with her constant teasing and
cruel jokes. She took every opportunity she had to completely humiliate him.
Tonight would be Eddie's turn

Jenny arrived at the house around 4 in the afternoon. She looked amazing as
ever. Her firm tanned frame hadn't changed since the day she graduated high
school. Now a sophomore in college she looked even better. That night after the
festivities her parents were rushing off to the airport to embark on their trip
to the Bahamas leaving the two alone in the house.

Eddie had just turned 18 a few weeks before. His long dark brown hair framed his
emotionless face and seemed to bring out the deep brown eyes that seemed to hold
an unforgiving anger in them. He watched her all day as she pranced around like
a fucking princess. What gave her the right to ruin his life then act as if she
was god's gift to the universe and he was nothing more than a peasant?

He had been planning his actions for months. It would be so simple to carry it
out now. It was as if everything was falling into place. He knew with all the
excitement of the party no one would notice him knocking back a few drinks as
well.

Around 6 the guests started to arrive, filling the house with plenty of laughter
and indistinct noise. He sat back in the old leather recliner in the corner,
watching them move about and engage in idle chatter with one another. None of
them seemed to notice his presence.

"Eddie, come here I want you to meet Priscilla" his mother insisted. She grabbed
his hand and pulled him to his feet. He reluctantly followed her knowing it
would be another awkward introduction to some homely daughter of an associate
from work.

"Ah Priscilla, this is my son Eddie. You two are the same age." She pushed him
toward the sickeningly skinny girl with stringy blond hair. She smiled shyly at
him as she looked from behind her thick glasses.

Eddie forced an insincere smile and faked an interest long enough for his mother
to move along to her next project. "Excuse me. I need to get another drink" He
replied as he walked away, making sure his mother was no where in sight.

After sneaking upstairs to ready the room for his plot, he retreated to the
kitchen before Priscilla could say a word. There he found Jenny and one of the
guests in a compromising position. He peeked through the door finding an older
man leaning against the kitchen counter and his sister's head bobbing swiftly as
she devoured his engorged shaft.

"Well if it isn't my sister the whore doing what she does best." He scoffed as
he burst into the room. "Did she even catch your name buddy or are you just
another random fuck?"

"Fuck you Eddie" she retorted. Her eyes went through him like daggers.

"I... I should go" the man remarked as he zipped his pants and stumbled quickly
for the door.

"You little bastard" she hissed as she quickly stood up.

"Just because no one in their right mind would ever fuck you don't give you the
right to call me a whore." she pushed past him to chase after the departed
recipient of her oral fixation.

Eddie grabbed the bottle of Jack Daniels from the counter and headed out the
back door. It was going to be so perfect. Just a couple of hours until he could
make his move, so he would bide his time well. He reclined on the deck chair and
stared up at the darkening night sky as he took a slug from the bottle.

He heard the back door open and quickly hid the bottle. "Oh I'm sorry I didn't
know you were out here." Priscilla squeaked.

"Don't worry about it, come on out and have a seat." he replied as he resumed
drinking.

"Are... are you sure?" she stammered at the unexpected invitation.

"Yeah might as well." He was feeling superior tonight. Nothing could bring him
down. "Here want some" he held out the bottle toward her.

She looked at his face, seeking his approval she took the bottle into her hands
and took a small sip. Her face immediately contorted as the potent liquid hit
her tongue. She shuddered and handed the bottle back to him as he laughed
cruelly.

"Let me guess. You don't drink do you?" he snorted before taking another shot
from the open bottle.

Priscilla coughed after swallowing the horrid drink. "No I don't" she turned
away from him feeling rather embarrassed.

He noticed that look. It was the same one he had many times when he heard the
guys recounting tales of his sister in the locker room. He felt a small twinge
of remorse. "It's ok. First time for everything I guess." He remarked in a
somewhat forgiving tone.

The two of them chatted for a few more minutes before they were spotted by
Jenny. She knew this would be a great time for a little cruelty. She snuck out
the door behind the two as they talked and loudly announced "Oh find yourself a
girlfriend Eddie? Hmmm I guess she's a step up from your hand...but not by much"

He jumped up and spun around to face her. His cold stare backed her down a bit.
She refrained from making another comment as he proceeded to scare her back into
the house. Priscilla immediately excused herself and disappeared for the rest of
the night. It was bad enough Jenny made him feel like total shit but she had no
reason to be like that to a total stranger. He knew that tonight he had to knock
her down a few pegs.

Around 10 the guests had all staggered out the door and their parents were
packing the last of the bags into the car.

"Now Eddie don't forget I expect you to help your sister around here this week.
Just because I am not here to remind you about your chores doesn't mean they
don't need to be done" His mother said in that sickening tone. He just nodded at
her and gave her a hug before she walked out the door.

As soon as they pulled out of the driveway Jenny began to bark orders at him.
"Now listen to me Eddie. You get this shit cleaned up and I am getting a shower.
I have plans tonight and I am not going to be late."

He glared at her and just muttered "fuck off Jenny" under his breath as he
stormed off toward his room. She did not suspect anything out of the ordinary.
He could hear her as she closed the bathroom door. He watched the clock giving
her five minutes to get undressed and into the shower before putting his plan
into motion.

He crept down the hall to the bathroom door and silently pushed it open. He had
rigged the lock so that it no longer worked a couple days before, knowing that
his parents rarely used that bathroom and would not realize it was broken. The
steam filled bathroom was the perfect setting to subdue her. He opened the
cabinet door and pulled out a small glass bottle, setting it on the back of the
toilet.

He smiled wickedly thinking to himself how it paid to study chemistry. Eddie
stripped out of his clothing quietly. He then grabbed a clean washcloth and
uncorked the bottle. She stopped as she heard the pop of the cork being
extracted.

Quickly, she dismissed it as her imagination. Seconds later he slipped in behind
her, the rag doused with the liquid from the bottle. Before she could even turn
around he slipped the rag over her nose and mouth, the other arm moving around
her waist to help support her. Jenny fell struggled for a couple of minutes
before falling limp in his arms.

He drug her lifeless body out of the shower and laid it on the cold tile floor
before shutting off the water. He stared at her naked, wet body. It was better
than he imagined. His cock was starting to twitch as his fantasy was now turning
into reality.

He picked her up and carried her down the hall to his parent's bedroom. The
large black iron frame proved to be the perfect place to attach the restraints
he had gathered for this occasion. His depraved desire to humiliate his own
sister was coming off without a hitch. He quickly spread her body out and
attached the cuffs to her wrists and ankles, making them so tight they nearly
cut off circulation. The thick plastic sheet under her to preserve the pristine
state of the bed beneath her. He then went about gathering the rest of his
implements of torture for her.

He then clicked on the camcorder that he had hooked up to the house's security
camera and sat back in the comfort of his bedroom and waited for her to regain
consciousness. It wasn't long before he could see her slender body stir on the
bed.

Jenny yanked hard on the restraints as she began to scream. It was too good to
be true. His sister now felt as helpless as her years or verbal abuse had made
him feel. He watched for a few moments as he stroked his thick 9 inch cock in
anticipation for what was to come.

She gasped in horror as he entered the room. His swollen shaft jutting out
obscenely at her as he approached. "Ah my dear sweet slut of a sister... you
look a little upset? What's a matter?"

"You fucking bastard. Let me up you sick piece of shit. What the fuck do you
think you are going to do... fuck me you limp dick little cock sucker." she
snarled.

This time her insults didn't seem to hold much power over him. He stood there
glaring at her without any signs of repent. Eddie was so calm and collected as
he walked around the bed to the nightstand. On it rested a large roll of silver
duct tape. He ripped off a strip just long enough to cover her soft pouty lips.

He climbed onto the bed and straddled her chest as she began a barrage of
obscenities which quickly halted with the makeshift gag.  He chucked as he
stared down into her eyes.

"Now if you behave and act like the slut we all know you are then maybe I'll
take that off and let you suck me before I finish with you" He gently tapped her
cheek with his hand.

He could see the rage flaring up in her eyes as she mumbled against the tape.
His hand then moved down to the soft supple mounds before him. His thumb and
forefinger caught the candy pink center between them and gave it a violent
twist. She yelped as her body seized. She knew now he would show her no mercy.
Tears began to well up in her eyes as she stared up at her brother. Her mind
swam as she came to the realization that she pushed him too far.

Eddie then grabbed the other nipple giving it a brutal twist as well. He
stretched them both to their limit before releasing them and watching her
breasts jiggle as they snapped back. "Ah this is going to be so much fun"

He then cupped her breasts and pushed them around his large rigid manhood. The
soft flawless skin felt so warm and inviting around him. He rocked back and
forth as he fucked her beautiful soft tits. He watched the fear in her eyes grow
as he moaned with delight. The hope still there that he would not go further.

It wasn't long before the thick ropes of cum jetted out from the angry red tip
of his cock and landed promptly all over her face. She squirmed, turning her
head as she tried to avoid it. He released her breasts and began to milk his
cock with one hand. The other gripping her hair firmly and holding her in place.

This orgasm proved so much better than any he had felt in the past. He knew that
he was going to enjoy every second of this. He then slid back enough to lift her
head, turning it toward the camera.

"You see this bitch. If I were you I would learn some fucking manners or I will
have to show everyone what a whore you really are." Little did she know what his
plan really was?



He climbed off her and knelt between her legs. He stared down at the hairless
little mound before him. He could see that despite her protest she was slightly
aroused by his actions. He stabbed at her pussy lips with the tip of his finger.
"Hmmm you like it don't you. I knew you were a whore just like all the guys
said."

She shook her head and again tried to speak but the tape held steady. He then
reached for the whiskey bottle he had sat next to the bed. It held one final
gulp of brown liquor. He slammed it down and looked at the bottle then at her
hole.

Her eyes widen when she realized what he was contemplating. He had no idea what
he would quickly find out. He pushed the opening of the bottle to her slick
little hole and began to push it inside. It didn't make it very far when he felt
it meet some resistance. He looked up at her questioningly for a moment. "What
the fuck is this?" he pulled the bottle from her cunt and slid two fingers in.
His eyes widened with some twisted glee as he felt the thin membrane resting
there. "Holy fuck you are a virgin. I guess the rumor's weren't true...you're
just a cock sucker then aren't you... well that is about to change." he cruelly
remarked. He pressed against the barrier with his fingers for a moment before
withdrawing them and reinserting the bottle. "Time to pop your cherry sis."

He then forced the bottle's neck hard into her. It sliced through the last
remainder of her virginity. Her body jerked as the pain shot through her. He
began to work the neck in and out of her pussy with short, hard thrusts. He
watched her puffy lips swallow it in. He gripped the bottle with one hand,
twisting it as he inserted it. The other he used to strum his finger over her
clit.

He watched as the little pearl slowly pushed out further as she squirmed. Her
body was betraying her as the smooth hard glass worked her de-virginized cunt.
He relished in the moment that he heard her moan through the gag. Suddenly her
body began to buck hard. He looked down at the bottle's bottom and saw a messy
mixture of blood streaked cum that had exploded from her pussy.

"You fucking nasty bitch. You just came from a bottle fucking your cunt. You
should be ashamed of yourself..." He pulled the bottle from her tight little
hole and sat it aside "I'll finish with that later."

His cock had sprung to life again as he had tortured her cunt with the empty
whiskey bottle. He looked up into her eyes as he positioned himself over her.
The smooth tip of his cock tapping against her clit as he wiggled. She would
shudder from the sensation every now and then.

He could see a lust in her eyes that mingled with the fear and shame. He reached
down and guided the tip of his cock between her pussy lips and gave it a quick
thrust. He was buried balls deep inside her pussy. This was only the second time
he had ever been with a woman. The first a rather disappointing encounter with
prostitute that he hooked up with only months before.

He was amazed how good she felt wrapped around his cock, so warm and tight. He
quickly began quick brutal thrusts in and out of her wetness. It was better than
he had imagined. He dropped his head down, letting his mouth find her hard pink
nipple. He bit down on it roughly as he continued to fill her sweet cunt with
his throbbing shaft.

He grunted each time he drove it deep inside her. Each thrust jolting her body
forward enough to make the restraints dig into her flesh. "Uh uhhh uh yeah
bitch. You like that don't you? You are such a slut. God you are so wet." he
grunted as he pounded away at her cunt.

She squirmed beneath him, her body betraying her mind. He could see the bitter
resentment in her eyes as he looked up at her. Once again he bit down on her
nipple hard as he could. Eddie then decided it was time to let her speak. He
reached up and yanked the tape from her mouth only to hear a loud moan escape
her.

"Come on Jenny... say it.... tells me to fuck you like the whore you are." He
gloated as he continued to abuse her poor little cunt."

"Fuck you...." she hissed as she tried to remain in control of herself. It was a
failing struggle though. He could feel her wetness increasing as he worked his
thick cock in and out of her quivering hole.

He began to pull nearly out before driving it in as hard as he could. To his
surprise as well as hers each time he hit home a loud moan would escape her. He
leaned up and watched her tits bounce as he slammed into her.

"Say it Jenny. Tell me how you love my cock inside you. You can't deny it. I can
feel how fucking wet your cunt is you stupid whore."

He was right. She was wet and she did love his cock but she could not force
herself to admit it to him, especially not on tape. She bit down as hard as she
could on her lower lip, forcing it to bleed. He watched her face with growing
interest as he felt the orgasm building inside him.

Finally without warning it happened. She began to writhe against the bed and
moan against her will. He watched as her eyes clenched shut and her body began
to twitch. Eddie could not believe what was happening. The slut was having a
massive orgasm. He felt the sudden rush of wetness cascade over his cock as it
probed deep inside her.

"Oh god Eddie" she cried out. Her pussy was convulsing around him and quickly
driving him over the edge.

"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK" he screamed as suddenly as he felt his balls tighten and
the explosion of boiling cum erupt inside her. "OH FUCK" he filled his sister
with the thick jets of milky white semen.

Her eyes were glued to his as for a moment they both realized just how intense
of a moment they just shared. Eddie quickly snapped back out of it as he pulled
his semi hard cock from her snatch and moved up to straddle her chest.

He couldn't stop now. He had to go through with it. Eddie grabbed her by the
hair and forced his cock into her open mouth as she let out a sharp cry. She
gagged as it forced in. "Suck it clean bitch" he groaned as he felt her lips
wrap around him.

She knew she was too far gone to stop now. Jenny began to softly lick his warm
flesh. The combination of their liquid lusts complimented each other so
perfectly. She sucked lightly as she continued to work her tongue over him
skillfully.

He moaned with delight as her mouth began to breathe life back into his cock. He
couldn't let this get the best of him. It was part of her plan to stop him he
thought to himself. He began to thrust in and out of her mouth, his fingers
still tangled in her hair.

She whimpered as he yanked her head back and forth. The head of his cock lodged
deep in her throat each time. He was soon throbbing once again and ready for
more. She looked up at him with teary eyes. The confusion was clear.

He released her with a brutal shove. He leaned across her naked body and reached
for the key on the nightstand beside the bed. Jenny thought he finally was about
to release her. After he noticed the look of relief on her face he laughed
cruelly. "You don't think I am finished with you yet do you sis."

He then reached for her arms, uncuffing them and admiring the bruises around her
wrists. His body quickly moved as he slipped off the bed, throwing her onto her
stomach. Then he climbed back on and pinned her down."Ooof. Oh god Eddie please
not again. I'll cooperate I swear." The cuffs closed around her wrists quickly
before she could fight it.

"Now bitch." he said "lift that ass up here and spread those thighs." He sat
back on his heels and watched as she obeyed.

His hand roughly gripped her hips as he used the other to guide the head of his
cock to her wet cunt once again. "I can't believe how fucking wet you are"

He drug the head up and down her pussy lips and forced a soft moan from her. Her
body could not help but to react to the stimuli. He continued to tease her as he
watched her try to push back into him. Her pussy was on fire and needed fucked
once again. He pulled back and quickly reached for the whiskey bottle that took
her virginity.

With a quick thrust the neck of it was once again lodged in her quivering cunt.
She cried out "Oh god no." He then pushed her hips down hard as he aimed the
head of his cock for that dark little virgin exit. She tried to pull away.

THWACK. His hand came down hard upon her soft creamy skin. She squirmed and
forced the bottle a little deeper inside. He then began a swift barrage of blows
to her rear. The skin turned a bright crimson as she wailed. Each time his hand
connected she would jolt, therefore fucking the bottle without his help. He
could see the wetness gathering in the bottom.

He began to push the tip of his aching cock against her puckered anus. She
tensed greatly around the bottle as she tried to brace herself. Her pussy didn't
care what was filling it, it just flexed around the warm glass. He finally
worked the head inside. She was so tight that he could barely fit more in at
first. He again began to swat her ass as hard as he could.

She jumped, forcing more of his cock inside her ass. It was almost unbearable
for him. He continued as she teetered back and forth, finally stretching enough
for more of his shaft to push inside. She let out a loud moan. "Oh god." she had
tried to fight it but it felt too good now. Her hips rocked back and forth as
both holes were filled to capacity.

"Oh Eddie" she cried."Oh god fuck me." Her pussy spasmed again and again around
the bottle as more of her juices filtered into it.

Each thrust into her warm dark hole brought another animalistic grunt. Part of
him was disgusted by her fucking him with complete abandon. Yet part of him
loved the way she reacted to his touch. He laid another round of sharp stinging
slaps against her flesh.

She came again flooding the bottle with more of her juices. Eddie dug his
fingernails into her hips as he gripped her tightly. Thick ropes of semen gushed
into her tight hole. It almost tore him from his plan as he unloaded the liquid
into her.

Once he had emptied into her he ripped the bottle from her cunt and jammed the
opening to her gaping ass. He lodged the neck deep inside then leaned across her
to release her wrists. "Now on your knees. I want all that cum to drain out of
your slutty ass." He snarled at her. He knew that he was going to use her again
any time he desired.

The thick gobs of cum leaked out into the bottle. He didn't say a word to her
the entire time. Shame overcame her as she knelt there, impaled on the bottle
and naked before him.

Once it had sufficiently drained he pulled the bottle from her ass and stood up.
She looked at him in terror as he held the bottle out in front of her face. "Now
my dear sister it is time to decide...do you want everyone to see the video of
what a slut you truly are or are you going to show me what a nasty bitch you are
and drink this."

She turned her face away as the tears streamed down her face. Jenny could not
believe his request.

"DECIDE" he barked.

She reluctantly took the bottle in her hands. "I hate you Eddie" she sobbed as
she held the bottle closer to her face. Jenny gagged as she put the bottle to
her lips and let the vile liquid fill her mouth.

"Empty it bitch. Drink every fucking drop." He moved behind the camera. He made
like he was adjusting the lens, zooming in on her face.

She finished almost all of it and went running out of the room. He laughed and
walked out into the hall. He could hear her retching as he approached the
bathroom door. He walked to her, feeling the slightest pang of remorse as he
knelt down next to her and pulled her hair back.

He leaned in and whispered in her ear. "You did well Jenny. Only one thing
though... there was no tape in the camera...you did it all for nothing." He
howled with laughter and pushed her head toward the toilet as he stood up. Eddie
slammed the door shut on his way out, laughing to himself.

Over the next day, Jenny tried to keep her distance from her depraved brother.
He had made it abundantly clear to her that he was not going to take any more of
her shit. Eddie, on the other hand, sought out every opportunity he could to
make her even more uncomfortable. It was amusing to watch her transformation
from Jenny, queen bitch, to Jenny, the fear stricken slut. For some reason it
still was not enough for him. His mind kept drifting back to that moment on the
patio with Priscilla.

He remembered watching girls like her run when they would see his sister coming
down the hall at school. After all, if she would publicly embarrass him in such
cruel ways why would she show anyone else any mercy? He had never forgotten her
cruel pranks on him, including the night of the big homecoming dance.

He decided to lounge about while he watched his sister clean up the mess from
the party the night before. Her modest behavior was so different from her usual
high and mighty strut. It was mid afternoon when his concentration was broken by
the phone ringing. Eddie answered it without even checking the caller ID.

"Hello"

"Hello Eddie, this is Mrs. Farrar... Priscilla's mother." the woman on the phone
replied. "It seems my forgetful daughter can't remember where she left her
jacket last night. If you find it would you be a dear and let me know."

"Sure thing Mrs. Farrar." he answered "In fact I'll check around and see if I
can find it here."

"Thank you so much Eddie. She'll be happy to have it back."

"No problem. Bye." Eddie hung up the phone. "Priscilla wasn't such a bad girl",
he thought to himself. "If she fixed herself up a little she would be rather
attractive."

He got off the sofa and leisurely looked about for the missing article of
clothing. He peered into the kitchen and found his sister washing dishes.
"JENNY" he said sharply.

She jumped, dropping a glass on the floor and shattering it. "What do you want?"
the tone of her voice was a bit startled but still had a certain amount of
cockiness to it.

"Have you seen a jacket around here? Priscilla's mom called and said she might
have left it here." He chuckled.

Jenny bent over and began to pick up the bits of glass from the floor. He moved
closer to her. Her head jerked back as he grabbed her by the hair and pulled her
up, forcing her to look him in the eyes. She yelped as he pulled her hair
tighter.

"Care to answer me or shall I just take you upstairs for round two?" He could
see the hatred burning in her eyes as she stared at him.

"Yeah I put it over there on the chair." She pointed toward the table.

"Great, now get this place cleaned up. I am going to go return it to her." He
released her and started to walk away when he heard her grumble under her
breath.

"Yeah run off to see your girlfriend," she muttered.

Eddie stopped in his tracks and turned to face her. Her eyes widened when she
realized he had heard her. She backed up, only succeeding in backing herself
into a corner. He backhanded her across the face as hard as he could. He
growled, "Haven't you learned not to mess with me yet dear sweet sister of mine?
I see tonight I shall teach you a lesson you won't forget." He paused for a
moment. "And if you aren't here when I return... you better hide for good
because I'll not forget about it."

He grabbed the jacket and stormed out of the kitchen. He knew that she was not
going to learn until he broke her completely. His mind raced with ideas of how
to send her over the edge completely. It was not going to be that hard for him.
After last night, he had a strong lust for more control over her. By the time he
had finished with her, she would be a pathetic shell of her former-self.

He quietly slipped upstairs as he concocted a plan to bring all his fantasies to
life and completely destroy his sister in the process. She would finally pay for
all the years of torment and anguish she had caused him and countless others. He
set up the camera again in his parents' bedroom, but this time made sure that
there was a tape inside. He placed a piece of black electrical tape over the
power light so no one would know when he turned it on.

When he arrived at Priscilla's her young sister answered the door. She looked
surprised to see him standing there with her sister's jacket. "Cilla, there's
some guy here with your jacket." she bellowed toward the staircase. She just
looked up at him curiously. "Are you Cilla's boyfriend?" she asked

"No she and I just met last night. She left this at my parents' house." He
retorted.

A few moments later Priscilla came down the same steps. She had just gotten out
of the shower only a short time before he arrived. Her hair was still damp and
delicately framed her face. She wore a well fitting pair of jeans and an emerald
green tank top. The color really brought out her eyes.  He noticed she did not
have her glasses on and blinked quite a bit. He held out the jacket and smiled
at her. Her little sister ran off into the kitchen.

"Getting used to your contacts?" he said in a jovial tone.

She blushed immediately and nodded. He could tell she was not used to attention
by the way she hung her head. Blonde hair hiding her face as she timidly reached
for the jacket. He pulled his hand back a little to see if she would look up at
him or not. She didn't. She just dropped her hand.

"Aren't you going to invite me in?" he remarked.

"Oh... ok." she took a step back to allow him to pass. "Come on in."

Eddie looked around as he moved into the house. She shut the door and watched
him for a moment. She found him incredibly attractive. When he talked to her the
night before it was the first time a person had been so nice to her in a long
time. He turned around and smiled at her for a moment. He again offered her the
jacket. She quickly grabbed it and pulled it to her. 

He then stepped closer to her. Priscilla looked up at him with a slightly
untrusting look on her face as he reached out to her. He gently tucked her hair
back behind her ear. Eddie stood there and studied her face for a moment or two
before speaking.

"You should wear your hair back ya know... that way people can see your face."
He smiled as his fingertips brushed her cheek before pulling away.

Priscilla was in shock. He couldn't be flirting with her. There was no way a guy
could want anything to do with her. She didn't realize that with a few slight
adjustments men would be falling at her feet. At the party, she had worn an
outfit that well disguised her trim figure. Eddie couldn't help but notice it
now.

"So did I interrupt something or are you free?" He casually asked as he glancing
about.

"No... I was just... reading." she stammered. She couldn't admit that when he'd
arrived she'd been masturbating in the bathroom.

"Well then why don't you come on over and hang out?"

She stared at him blankly for a moment. It was as if all thought flew out of her
head. She could not believe he just asked her to come over, especially after
last night's incident. Quickly she tried to come up with an excuse not to go. It
was then her mother intervened. Tiffany had informed Mrs. Farrar that he had
arrived with the jacket.

"Well Eddie, I see you found her jacket." She said with a confident smile.

"Yes Ma'am I did. I was just asking your lovely daughter here if she cared to
come over for a while and watch some movies at my parents' house. My sister
Jenny will also be there."

"Well have fun you two... I know she would just love to go... Wouldn't you
dear?" her mother said as she turned and looked to her.

"Yes mom." She nodded slightly.

Mrs. Farrar then disappeared back into the kitchen while Priscilla nervously
hung her jacket up on the hook by the door. Part of her was terrified to go
because she knew Jenny would only make fun of her again, but how could she pass
up this opportunity of a lifetime.

"Let me get my shoes and I'll be right with you," she quietly added.

Eddie nodded and sat down in one of the large overstuffed chairs to wait. She
ran back upstairs and into her bedroom. Her heart was racing as she stared into
the mirror. She wanted to change but she knew she shouldn't keep him waiting.
Promptly she slipped on a pair of white tennis shoes and hurried back
downstairs. 

The two left and got into his truck. "Listen Priscilla... I know that Jenny got
to you last night. She is just a bitch... but I am sure she will be much nicer
tonight. She and I came to an agreement last night...." he left it at that.

Priscilla had no idea what he meant by that but it was a comforting thought. She
tried to hide how nervous she was. This was the first time ever a boy had shown
any interest in her. Eddie could tell she was feeling self conscious and reached
over, placing his hand upon her knee. She didn't say a word or even move. She
was completely shocked that he had done it.

Arriving at the house Eddie led her in through the front door. Jenny was unaware
of his return, in the living room watching TV from the sofa. She jumped,
startled when she heard the door slam shut. She was completely shocked to see
the same girl standing there who had been with him on the patio that night. Her
eyes narrowed as she looked at Eddie. He couldn't be thinking of doing anything
with her here. It should have come as a relief to Jenny but she still did not
trust him.

Eddie took Priscilla's hand and led her over to the sofa. He let go of it and
swiftly pushed Jenny off the sofa and onto the floor in a single motion. 
Priscilla gasped as she watched him do it. Jenny landed with a loud thud, and
she bit her tongue as she fell. She knew that if she angered him he would make
matters worse. He sat down and patted the cushion next to him for Priscilla to
sit.

Jenny just glared at the two and moved over to the chair near the opposite end
of the sofa. The silence was uncomfortable for Priscilla. She didn't know what
to say so she fidgeted nervously with her hair, catching a few strands between
her fingers and twirling it.

Eddie shot his sister an evil glance as he commanded her. "Get your ass up to
mom and dad's room."

 He lunged as if he was going to get up and grab her for not moving fast enough.
She moved quickly, grumbling about him in an indiscernible voice. He sat back
down next to Priscilla as she stomped off up the stairs. Jenny was too afraid of
what he was going to do to her now although part of her felt confident that he
would not harm her with another person there. That thought would soon disappear.



Eddie looked at Priscilla for a moment, studying her face carefully. She tried
not to look at him. She was so nervous her hands were shaking ever so slightly.
To him, she was a kindred spirit. One who truly would understand what he was
doing and probably would enjoy the sweet revenge as well.

"Priscilla, I know this may sound insane but there is a reason I asked you to
come over here."

 He thought to himself that maybe if he seduced her first he could convince her
to help him. He placed his hand softly against her cheek as he looked into her
eyes again. His thumb lightly brushed her cheek and sent chills through her
body.  He kept his tone very soft as he spoke to her.

"I really want to get to know you better... a lot better."

He leaned in and kissed her softly on the lips. She was so tense that she barely
moved. She could not believe he was doing this. Easing her back against the
sofa, his hands moved over her body. She was starting to relax as nature kicked
in. Deepening the kiss, his tongue moved along her lower lip before slipping
into her mouth.

She had never been kissed like that before. Her heart raced as he lay upon of
her soft body. He slid his hand under the front of her shirt. Her breasts were
so supple and perfect. Cupping one in his hand, he squeezed gently. A delicate
moan was forced from deep within her. He strummed his thumb over her nipple as
it hardened.

He felt her body coming to life beneath him. Her tongue timidly moved against
his as he kissed her more passionately. He nudged her legs apart with his knee. 
She moved eagerly, wanting his acceptance.

Her body tingled with excitement as his hands began to explore her creamy white
flesh.  His fingers barely brushed along her flat stomach as they made their way
down toward the button on her jeans.

His fingers fumbled with the button. He pulled back from the kiss slowly and
looked down at her. He could see the quiet hope in her eyes as she let out an
anxious sigh. He finished unfastening her jeans and stood up. She thought he had
changed his mind and started to move.

Eddie didn't say a word. He just pulled on the legs of the jeans and slid them
off her. She smiled shyly. This was the first time any man other than her doctor
had ever seen her like this.  Her cheeks were flushed with passion.

"Sit up" he said in a soft voice reaching for her shirt.

She quickly obliged and leaned upward. He removed the cotton t-shirt and tossed
it on the floor next to the jeans. The little pink cotton panties she wore made
her look so innocent as she laid back. Eddie could see the soft patch of trimmed
pubes against the snug fabric.  Kneeling down again between her legs, he began
to rub the furry little patch, his fingers tracing over it. Instinctively, her
legs parted for him allowing him to see the fabric, which was already slightly
damp.

He smiled at her while inching his finger under the leg opening and brushed it
over her warm moist flesh, the touch eliciting a soft moan from deep within her.
She had never imagined how warm his touch would be. She squirmed slightly. He
only smiled, moving his finger to her clit.

"You like this don't you Priscilla?" He asked in a gentle tone.

She moaned softly as he stroked her little nub. Her head nodded as she replied
"Oh yesss."

He could feel the fabric getting damper as he continued to flick her clit with
his fingertip. He lowered his head to her tiny pink nipples, which looked so
inviting. Taking one between his lips, he gently began to suck. She flinched as
his fingernail scratched her tender flesh.

Eddie nipped at it gently feeling it swell in his mouth. He knew she would be an
easy conquest. Pulling back slowly, his lips still locked onto her nipple he
released it and watched it bounce back.

Priscilla was speechless. He awkwardly began to tug on her panties, trying to
get them down her legs quickly. His cock was straining in his pants as he stared
down at her body. It wasn't the site of her that had him so aroused, but the
plans for later. He gave up on pulling them and gripped the thin fabric with
both hands.

She gasped as she heard him rip them. He tossed the remnants aside and looked
down at her pussy. He ran his finger down the neatly trimmed little blond patch
to her moist pussy once again. He looked into her eyes again and could see a
slight fear present. Fingertips parted the little pink flaps and he began to
push in slowly.

"Tell me you want this Priscilla... tell me you want this as much as I do," he
asked in a hushed tone, "I want to hear you say it."

He watched her face as she struggled to form the words. His touch felt like
heaven to her, despite his slight clumsiness. Swallowing hard, she forced
herself to speak.

"I.... Want it Eddie," she stammered.

His finger delved further inside her wetness feeling her juices start to run as
he wiggled the tip of his finger inside her. Slowly he pulled it out and placed
it to his lips. She watched in amazement as he licked the glistening liquid from
his skin, then standing, he undressed in front of her.

Eddie had an average build but to her he was incredible. Her eyes widened as
they moved down his form to his rigid piece. She gasped softly as she thought
about how it was going to feel inside her. He smiled as he saw her staring at
his cock. .

"I take it you like what you see,"  he chuckled.

Priscilla's face turned a brilliant shade of crimson as the embarrassment spread
and turned her head to look away. He gently knelt between her alabaster thighs.
One hand on the sofa as he steadied himself while the other guided his cock
toward her slick virginal slit.

She lay there breathless, her legs splayed open. Deep down she was terrified but
so excited. She thought she would remain a virgin forever, or at least until her
parents pawned her off on some poor unsuspecting soul that was more pathetic
than she was. The smooth tip nudged her pussy lips as he began to push in. She
looked up at him, watching his face, seeking some sort of reassurance.

Once he had lodged the head just inside her, he began to push forward slowly
until he felt the flimsy little membrane that stood between him and ecstasy. He
eased in slowly, feeling it stretch as he barely put pressure on it. Priscilla
tensed as she felt it ripping. She let out a loud whimper as he finally broke
through her hymen.

The sound of her voice lilting in pain filled him with a sadistic pleasure. He
thrust into her methodically, slowly. When he looked down he smiled his thick
cock was streaked with thin trails of blood. Eddie leaned forward, towering over
her small body.

"Mmmm Priscilla, you are amazingly tight," he moaned as he continued with his
slow strokes, "I could be inside you all day."

"Oh.... Eddie.... "She panted. "OH"

Her voice kept sticking in her throat with each of his thrusts. He began to
pound her harder, but maintaining the slow pace, knowing she would never be able
to deny him anything now, he had her under his spell. He could hear Jenny
getting restless upstairs as she moved about. She crept out of their parents'
room and half way down the stairs. The step creaked beneath her foot as she
tried to sneak the rest of the way down.

Eddie began to moan loudly as soon as he realized they were being watched. He
figured it would upset her even more and he was right, Jenny froze where she
stood. Part of her was filled with disgust, yet she could feel a bitter
resentment filling her as well, she was jealous. Jealous because he was so
gentle with this pathetic geek then he had been with her. She had to stop it.

"Oh my god I can't believe you are fucking that nasty looking geek," she said
loudly.

Eddie stopped. His cock was still lodged deep inside Priscilla's tight little
pussy. He glared over the back of the sofa at his sister. "Perfect," he thought
to himself. "Now I can use this to convince her." He quickly pulled out of her
velvety folds and bounded toward his sister.

Jenny quickly ran up the stairs as she saw him coming toward her. This was the
perfect way to keep up appearance for Priscilla's sake. That way she would never
know exactly what was going on with his emotions.

He caught Jenny in the hallway right near their parents' bedroom. He snatched
her by the hair and pulled her back against him. He yanked her head back so it
rested against his shoulder. His voice was so cold and uncaring as he hissed in
her ear.

"You stupid bitch. Didn't you learn anything last night? You are going to find
out just how far I will go if you keep this up. Now... get into the bedroom and
stay there."

He gave her a hard shove forward as he released her. Her body went flying into
the door jam, making a very loud thud. She felt the warm trickle of blood from
her nose as it reached her upper lip. She quickly wiped it away as she retreated
into the bedroom.

He followed her in.  Jenny cowered as he moved closer. He forced her to the bed
and pinned her down quickly. She tried to struggle but it was no use. He easily
overpowered her and cuffed her to the headboard. The dark red blood continued to
flow from her nose and down the side of her cheek.

He looked into her eyes and laughed cruelly. "Don't worry, once I finish with
her we will be up to take care of you..."

Eddie crawled off her and exited the room. Priscilla had already begun to get
dressed. She was so ashamed. He walked back around and sat next to her.  He just
shook his head slightly as he looked at her.

"So you don't want to finish?" he inquired in a soothing tone.

"I didn't think you would want to after Jenny..."

"She won't bother us again" he interrupted. "I made sure of that."

He slipped her t-shirt off once again and began to kiss her. His touch was so
tender. She lay back without any coaching this time. His body moved back on top
of hers as he guided his cock inside her again. He let out a soft groan as he
slid deep inside her. She was so incredibly tight and wet.

Eddie broke the kiss and leaned up to watch her reactions. She stared up
trustingly into his eyes as he thrust in with slow, deep strokes. Biting down on
her lower lip, she stifled a moan. He forced a little deeper this time,
completely hilting his cock inside her. 

"God Priscilla you feel so good," he softly whispered to her.

Her hips lifted slightly as he began to pick up his pace.  Her soft moans has
transformed into the passionate sounds that he relished so much.  He could tell
how much she was getting into it by how much wetter she had become.  Eddie was
intrigued. He wanted to see just how far he could push her body before she came.

He rested one hand on the sofa and propped himself up on it. The other hand he
slid between their bodies and down to her clit. He could feel the throbbing
little nub poking out from its sheath.

As soon as he touched it, he felt her tense up. Her body writhed against the
sofa as he drove her deeper into the lustful bliss she was experiencing.  He
remained quiet. A confident smile played across his lips as he continued to
thrust into her harder and faster. Her hips lifted from the cushion with each
stroke. He leaned his head down toward her breast.

Eddie wrapped his lips around her tiny pink nipple. She let out a soft gasp as
he closed them around it. As he began to suckle it, the tip of his tongue gently
flickered against it. He could feel her chest rise and fall faster as her
arousal rose. He could feel her body tensing around him as the first signs of
orgasm were manifesting.

Her hips rocked harder to his as the two inexperienced teens continued to writhe
locked in the grips of passion. Her soft moans became more intense as he felt
her tighten around him.

"That's it Priscilla... cum for me," he cooed softly to her.

She let out a sharp cry as her body twitched. The massive amount of wetness
bathed his cock completely as her inner walls spasmed. He continued to pound
away just as hard and deep as before, driving her even wilder. He could feel his
balls tighten.

Animalistic grunts left his throat as he closed his eyes. His movements were
like a machine, cold and uncaring, as he bore deep into her quivering pussy. It
was so tight and warm and fit around him like a glove. He couldn't hold out any
longer. Thick ropes of cum soon filled her womb as he let out a loud grunt.

She stared up at him in awe as the orgasm subsided and her body slowly came down
from the euphoric high. Suddenly the realization set in that he came inside her.
Her eyes widened as she tried to bring herself to speak.

"Eddie.... What happens if I get pregnant?" she inquired.

He pulled out of her with a sloppy wet plop. He just shook his head and laughed.
Eddie stood up and pulled his pants on. He sat down on the edge of the sofa and
looked at her for a moment. She was ashamed of what she had just done. He could
tell in by the look on her face as she sat up and began to gather her clothing.

"Don't worry about it... no one gets pregnant the first time," he muttered.
"Come on I'll show you where you can clean up."

He extended his hand to her as he stood. She clutched her clothes to her naked
body with one hand. The other hand took his. She had no idea what he had in
store for her now.

He walked a couple of steps ahead of her as he headed for the stairs. She could
not see the wicked smile upon his face as they approached his parents' bedroom.
The sticky seed was leaking out of her and coating the tops of her inner thighs
as she walked. He stopped in front of the door and looked at her with a soft
smile.

"You trust me don't you Priscilla?" he inquired

"Yes Eddie I do.... Why do you ask?"

"Then do as I tell you and you won't regret it," he stated as he opened the
door.

She gasped loudly as she saw Jenny cuffed to the bed still fully clothed. Eddie
stepped further in and tugged on her hand. She followed without a word. Her mind
raced as she tried to come up with a logical reason for what was happening but
she could find none.

"Now Priscilla my dear, I want you to climb up on the bed and straddle Jenny's
face. She wants to help clean up that mess you have there," he instructed in a
calm voice.

"Fuck you Eddie. You are fucking sick you little bastard," Jenny snarled as she
turned her head to look at Priscilla. "Help me. He's fucking crazy and if you
don't watch out he's going to do this to you too."

Priscilla was shocked. She looked to Eddie for answers. He moved closer to her.
His hand landed softly against the side of her neck as his thumb stroked along
her jaw line. He searched her eyes as he smiled at her.

"Priscilla, I would never hurt you... Jenny deserves this for what she has said
done to you... I know how she made you feel. She's been doing that to me for
years. Don't be afraid Priscilla... It's our turn to humiliate her," he said in
a calm, soothing voice.

"But..." she tried to speak but he interjected.

"Listen, no one will ever know. Just the three of us. Now do it Priscilla, show
me how much you want to be my girlfriend and do as I asked."

She froze. She wanted to be his girlfriend more than anything else. She simply
nodded at him and dropped her clothing on the floor at his feet. Priscilla
carefully moved onto the bed and straddled Jenny's face just as he asked her to.
Eddie slipped over to by the camera, clicking it on while the two were not
looking.

"Get off me you stupid bitch. " Jenny protested loudly as she tried to struggle.

Eddie then pulled the knife from his pocket and with a flick of his wrist loudly
snapped it open. Jenny froze, recognizing the sound instantly.

"Now sis, do as I tell you and I'll only use this to cut your clothing off...
Get it?" he hissed.

"Damn you," she answered in a defeated sigh.

"Now lick her. You better not leave any cum behind either."

Jenny timidly stuck her tongue out and barely grazed Priscilla's soft pink
flesh. She squirmed slightly as she felt Jenny's tongue begin to lap softly at
her. Something about it made them both feel so dirty but it was turning them on
as well. Eddie began to remove Jenny's pants. She rarely wore underwear and this
occasion was no different. He looked down at her tight little cunt and licked
his lips. He had so many plans for it today.

"Lower your hips more Priscilla" he instructed as he moved between Jenny's legs.

His stabbed three fingers deep into her dampened cunt. It made her jump and
forced her tongue deeper inside Priscilla's twat. She lapped wildly at the
mixture of her sweetness and her brother's cum.  The girls both moaned as their
cunts were worked over. Jenny tried to dig out every bit of wetness as she
could.

Priscilla's face suddenly was panic stricken as she started to pull away from
Jenny. Eddie noticed this and watched her for a second before speaking.

"What the hell do you think you are doing?' he inquired.

"Eddie I really have to pee."

Jenny heard this and stopped licking immediately. "Get her off me. Let her go
pee you sick bastard."

Eddie was infuriated by his sister's remark. "No Priscilla... if you have to pee
you will do it right there on her."

Both of the girls were shocked. He continued to probe Jenny's cunt with his
fingers, prying it further open as part of his master plan of things yet to
come.

"Start licking her again Jenny," he barked.



Priscilla's hips began to move as she let the sensation take hold of her.
Eddie's fingers feverishly worked in and out of his sister's hungry cunt. He
felt her heating up as her juices spilled out. Her moans were muffled by
Priscilla's warm flesh as she began to grind against Jenny's face. It seemed she
was a natural at licking pussy.

Suddenly Jenny groaned loudly as she tried to pull her face away. All she could
do was close her eyes and try to close her mouth in time. The golden stream of
urine flooded out of Priscilla. She had held back as long as she could but she
had finally hit her limit.

He jabbed his fingers in as hard as he could, forcing Jenny to open her mouth as
she cried out. Some of the warm liquid splashed into her mouth. He took sick
delight in watching her cough and sputter as she tried to spit it out, only for
more to seep in.

"Push your hips down Priscilla. Rub your cunt on her face while you do it."

She immediately obeyed, wanting only to please him. Eddie was getting a raging
hard on watching the two girls. He forced another finger into her pussy as hard
as he could. She tried to cry out but couldn't. He painfully stretched her tight
little hole, forcing it to accept him in deeper. He could feel her muscles
spasming around his fingers as they pistoned in and out. His cock was aching for
relief. Jenny began to lick once again.

It didn't take long for Priscilla to scream as she experienced another orgasm.
Jenny's tongue relentlessly lapped at the juices she expelled in a desperate
attempt to appease her brother. Eddie ripped his fingers free.

"Priscilla, I want you to move down here between her legs now. Jenny, spread
them as wide as you can," Eddie remarked with a wicked smile.

The girls eagerly did as they were told. He could not believe how well both
responded. He took Priscilla's hand in his and held it the same as his was as he
placed her fingers to Jenny's abused little fuck hole.

"Push in nice and slow at first. Don't worry about hurting her. If the bitch
gets hurt she deserves it," He smirked as he looked up at Jenny. "Now do it
Priscilla baby, fingerfuck her for me."

She did as she was told and slid the tips of her fingers inside Jenny's cunt. It
was like nothing she had ever felt before. She began to work them in and out
slowly and gently as if not to hurt her. Eddie grabbed her wrist roughly and
jammed her fingers deep inside.

"Hard and deep... do it hard and deep. I want to hear her scream," he demanded.

Priscilla was afraid but she did, as he wanted her to. She began to drive her
fingers into Jenny as hard as she could. The girl writhed on the bed as a
continual stream of obscenities flooded out between moans.

Eddie moved up next to his sister and grabbed her by the hair. His eyes had that
coldness to them that sent chills through to her bones. She hated it when he
looked at her like that. His fingers tangled in her hair as he yanked her head
up. His other hand quickly undid his pants and freed his aching cock. She knew
what he wanted and opened her mouth wide to accept him inside.

He began to brutally pump in and out of her mouth. He grunted loudly, watching
Priscilla work her fingers in and out faster and harder. They glistened with her
wetness.

"Now push your thumb in too... I want to see you fist her baby," he groaned.

Jenny tensed up as she heard the words leave his mouth. She could not even
squeak out a protest before Priscilla forced her tiny hand into Jenny's
quivering flesh. She carefully worked it in as deep as she could.

"Turn your hand inside her," he decreed.

She did just that. Jenny let out a loud moan around his thick, swollen shaft as
it continued to invade her throat. She squirmed as she was stuffed uncomfortably
full of Priscilla's hand. Her juices flowed out and dripped down the crack of
her ass as she began to lift her hips with every insertion.

Eddie continued to work his member in and out of his sister's mouth hard and
fast as his eyes remained glued on her pussy being split apart. He could feel
the cum boiling in his balls as he fought back to urge to release it.

Priscilla felt her own twat becoming wet as she watched Eddie fucking his own
sister's face. She had never before thought she would witness such a thing or
that it would turn her on so much.

He plucked his cock from her soft pink lips as a wicked smile played across his
face. A loud moan erupted from Jenny as she began to twitch. The sensation was
driving her over the edge quickly as her cunt was used and abused. He climbed
off the bed and slid his pants the rest of the way off. He then positioned
himself over his sister's chest with his ass in her face. His ingenious plan was
going to work better than he imagined possible. He lowered his hairy rear down,
forcing her nose to nestle between his cheeks.

"Lick it sis. Lick my ass."

Both girls were caught off guard by his command. For a split second they both
froze. As soon as she felt the hand inside her moving, again her tongue darted
out and began to circle over his little puckered star. He let out a loud moan as
his fingers pulled his cheeks further apart for her. He was amazed at how hot it
made him to feel the tip of her tongue sliding over his ass.

Priscilla stared hungrily at him. Her body was aching for more use now. She
began to force her fist in harder and deeper as a slight bit of jealousy rang
through her. She wanted to be the one who pleased him. Eddie could see it in her
eyes as he watched her. He was in complete ecstasy. He reached out and gently
guided Priscilla's head down toward his stiffened cock.

She had never given a blowjob before and was very nervous but she opened her
mouth willingly and accepted him in. He pushed her down slowly as his cock eased
into her warm wet orifice. She gagged as he forced the head of his cock into her
throat. Despite her best efforts, she could not pull back due to his grip on
her. He pulled her up and down on his shaft as she tried her best to suck.
Jenny's tongue continued to tease his dark opening as he let out a loud moan. He
quickly yanked Priscilla back and let his cock spring free from her mouth. His
hand began to milk the thick muscle as he continued to grunt and moan. Long
strands of cum shot over Jenny's stomach and chest, some even reaching down just
above her pussy. After his final shot had landed, he climbed off her face and
smiled at the two girls.

"Now Jenny if you promise to behave I'll uncuff you."

"I will, oh god I will," she moaned as she rocked her hips into Priscilla's
thrust.

Eddie fished the key out of the dresser drawer and released her. She began to
run her hands through the milky liquid coating her skin. He watched with delight
as her hands moved over her own breasts.

"That's it, rub it in... Enjoy the feel of my cum all over you slut," He sat
down on the edge of the bed. "Priscilla, stop fucking her and move up here. I
want you to lick her body clean."

"Yes Eddie," she softly replied.

He watched breathlessly as Priscilla's soft pink tongue dragged along Jenny's
creamy white skin. It collected every precious drop of his seed as she moved her
mouth to Jenny's hardened nipple. She sucked lightly at it as Jenny moaned.
Eddie knew that he couldn't stop now. He had to get hard again and finish his
plan. The two girls were so aroused they were moaning and writhing. Jenny
reciprocated Priscilla's forced affections as she began to fondle her as well.

"Ok now. Jenny. I want you on top. You and Priscilla 69 for me. I want your ass
facing me sis."

The two of them were so caught up in their own lusts that they did just as they
were told. Jenny's firm round ass looked so inviting as it lowered down on
Priscilla's face. Timidly, she began to lick his sister's juicy cunt. He could
not believe how incredibly sexy it looked.

He pushed his finger slowly into her tight little ass, watching it stretch
around him as she moaned into Priscilla's cunt. The two hungrily lapped at each
other's juices.  He began to stroke his semi erect cock back to life slowly as
he enjoyed the show before him.

In what seemed like no time his cock began to swell to full size once again. He
pulled Jenny's hips up slightly as he positioned himself behind her. He looked
down at Priscilla and smiled at her. He could see the lust and desire to please
him in her eyes as she stared back up at him.

"Come on baby, guide my cock in her cunt, " he groaned as he felt her wrap her
fingers around his shaft and line the tip up with his sister's slick little
slit. "Lick us both baby. Lick my cock and her cunt as I fuck her," he ordered.

He gasped loudly as he felt the warm tongue move along his cock as it entered
Jenny's love canal. He began to buck into her slowly at first. His eyes closed
as he savored the feel of both women working his cock. Jenny continued to moan
and push back against him as he slid deep inside her.

His eyes sprung open as he felt the dreadful sensation of a full bladder. He
wasn't going to let a little thing like that stop him though. He held back as
long as he could, pounding hard into Jenny's stretched little twat. He felt
Priscilla's tongue graze his balls as they slapped against his sister's clit.
Finally, it was unbearable. He had to go and go now.

Instead of pulling out of Jenny's warm little, fuck hole he decided to empty his
overly full bladder inside her without warning. Jenny felt odd as the warm
liquid flooded her cunt and began to spill out. She tried to pull away but he
pinned her and Priscilla both down in place as he relieved himself.

"What the fuck are you doing Eddie?" Jenny screamed.

"Eddie...OH GOD STOP." Priscilla sputtered as the piss leaked out onto her face.

"Shut the fuck up and lick her cunt Jenny...Priscilla, keep it up and I will
piss directly in your mouth. Now both of you start licking."

He continued to piss until he had emptied himself completely into her. The warm
urine sloshed about in her cunt as he began to drive his cock in fast and hard,
forcing more out of her with each stroke. Priscilla's face was completely soaked
with his urine as it spilled out of Jenny. He began to slap her ass as he fucked
her harder and faster, grunting with every thrust.

"OH...FUCK....YES.... OH FUCK... YESSSSSS," He cried out as he felt his balls
tighten up.

He knew he was going to cum any second. He began to fuck her for all he was
worth. Priscilla let out a loud moan as she began to jerk, caught in another
orgasm. Jenny quickly followed suit. He held off as he pulled his cock from her
spasming cunt and quickly forced it into her tight little ass. She screamed
loudly as he plunged his cock into her. Her body jerked as the pain shot through
her, forcing her to cum harder than before. Her sweet nectar and Eddie's urine
flooded Priscilla's mouth as he began to pump hard and fast into her ass. With a
loud grunt, he began to fill her dark hole with his thick seed.

"FUCK. OH FUCK," he repeatedly yelled.

He pulled his spent cock slowly out of his sister's stretched ass. As she
started to move, his cum began to ooze out slowly, giving him another idea.

"Priscilla baby. Lick that cum, I want you to stick your tongue in there and get
it all out."

He forced Jenny's hips down so her pucker was pressed against Priscilla's mouth.
Jenny quickly began to whimper as she felt the warm tongue snake into her
forbidden hole. Eddie slipped off the bed and over to the camera without the
girls noticing him. He zoomed in on Jenny's ass as it grinded against
Priscilla's face. Jenny came again as she screamed loudly.

He let out a loud chuckle and said. "Ok girls, now both of you smile for the
camera"

Priscilla pushed Jenny off her quickly. His sister however, thought it was just
another of his tricks. She wasn't about to fall for it this time. She knelt on
the bed and flipped him off.

"Yeah right like you have a tape in there this time. It's not even on."

Eddie smiled wickedly at her, peeled the electrical tape off the camera, and let
her see the light. Then he clicked it off and ejected the tape, holding it out
for both to see.

"Looks like I have me two good little sluts now don't I" he laughed and walked
out of the room with the tape in his hand, leaving the two distraught girls to
deal with the aftermath of what just occurred.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  NightmarePrincess


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





