BDSM Library - Autumn Afternoon




Autumn Afternoon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short recount about the first time I mixed some pain in my playing with myself. 
Autumn Afternoon

By Dari (dari@blazemail.com)



I always relished the times when I was alone at home, with no obligations or
anything to do. Weekends with my parents staying out of the house for some days
were particular to my liking, as I had all the time in the world and could do
whatever I wanted, and if that were laying around lazy all day long without
doing anything it was better still.

This all happened on one of these days. I knew that my parents would be coming
home in the evening, but for now I was all on my own. The last week had been
rather stressful; I hadn't gotten much sleep and was still too tired to go out
meet some friends etc. I just lounged in my bed, reading the newspaper. Still,
my thoughts kept drifting, so I decided that reading was a bit too troubling for
now. Playing with myself would be a much better pastime.

There only was one problem. As the last week had been quite hard I hadn't really
been in the mood for much, yet when the stress of the last exam had been bearing
down on me, I had simply needed the relieve and had been masturbating for quite
some time in the night.

The result of that was that now, two days later, my clit was still kind of
over-sensitive and hurting. I do masturbate quite a lot, and normally my body is
used to that - I don't get aches in my right hand from rubbing my clit, and
under normal circumstances the worst I get is a slight itch from time to time,
but two day back I'd been a bit too desperate, and so I was sore right now. I do
get off a little on pain, so when I'm just a little bit sore I keep on rubbing
myself, with enough coating from my own pussy juices that can be quite a nice
sensation, but right now I was beyond that point. So my normal habits were
off-limits for today.

I didn't own a vibrator or a dildo, but at least the latter could be replaced by
other things. Although nine times out of ten I was content with just rubbing my
nub, I sometimes slid my fingers into my vagina, or other things, candles and
carrots being quite convenient for that. So before dooming myself to stick to
daydreaming alone I went into the kitchen, checking for vegetables.

As I had feared the fridge was not neatly stocked. This often happened when I
was alone for a weekend, I simply didn't purchase more food than I would need.
Fortunately there were some carrots left, but when I examined the bag
frustration rose inside of me. Only four carrots were left, and they were mostly
rather small. Apparently I had used up the last veggie of usable size the last
time I had raided the carrot bag.

Yet I was already getting excited by the idea of playing with myself, so I
decided to try to use two of these small carrots at a time. As I liked fucking
myself with two fingers I might also enjoy two carrots. At first I chose the
longest and biggest of them, then wanted to take a short stocky one for support,
but switched that for a thinner one when the idea crossed my mind that I might
engage in a bit of anal play afterwards.

I had only once before probed my anus, always shying away from that idea a bit.
I know, I'm a bit squeamish when it comes to these things, yet I considered it
okay as I had never before even had sex with a guy, so I had a certain right to
be squeamish, same as I had the right to try out some things. It had been while
taking a long hot bath in the tub when I had been musing about how it might feel
to stick something up my asshole. I figured it must be harder than getting my
fingers inside my vagina. With that I had never had any problems when being
aroused, proving to myself that not everything some youth papers printed could
be taken seriously. Not that I read such scum, but there are always some urban
legends about that can only result from people who are either quite stupid, or
simply lie.

I guess from the biological sense I was no longer a virgin as my hymen had long
since been torn, but I simply couldn't picture that it would be that hard for a
guy to get his cock up my pussy when it was slopping wet, so I had tried with a
finger, and there hadn't been any complications. Now if that was no big deal it
couldn't be all that impossible with the anus, if one provided enough
lubrication. Soaking in the warm water with most of my muscles relaxed I had
figured that the conditions for a try couldn't be better. So I had tentatively
put a finger over my hole, stroked it a bit, and then begun to work it in.
Although I had been a bit nervous from the anticipation it had worked in no
time, and the sensation had been quite interesting. After reaming my finger
around in my anus for some minutes, I had even dared the next step and tried it
with two fingers, now that my muscles had relaxed again. That had hurt a bit at
the beginning, but had gotten me hot soon. The only setback on the whole thing
had been a bit of shit getting under my already cropped finger nails, but I
guess not everything can work all clean and nice.

With that in mind I returned to my bedroom with the two carrots that I had been
washing under the hot water long enough to get them to a nice warm temperature.
I don't really like the feel of cold things in my vagina as long as I am not
soaking wet, and considering my dilemma with my clit I chose not to stress
things.

It was quite cool in the house so I chose to keep my upper body dressed and just
slipped off my pants and slip. Then I laid an old towel on the bed, got up on
it, refolded the rest of the towel over my lap and drew the blanket up to about
waist-level; the towel was simply for keeping any fluids off my bed, as a
discarded towel draws less attention than a changed bedding.

When I ran a tentative hand down my pussy lips I realized that the fuss with the
carrots hadn't been necessary. The anticipation had been enough to get me wet,
so I took the bigger carrot, briefly rubbed it up and down my slit, and then
slid inside my vagina. It went in like butter, and although it was not much
longer than a finger and even thinner it felt nice. I kept sliding it in and out
of me for some time, then tentatively took up the second carrot, lined it up
with the one already halfway up my pussy and softly pushed. Once more I was
surprised how easily everything slid in, but soon forgot about that as the two
carrots together really felt good, filling me quite up.

I kept fucking myself with my carrots for about a minute, but the thoughts about
using one up my ass wouldn't let me continue. So I slid out the smaller of the
two, letting the other stay inside, and looked at it. The carrot was coated with
my juice, on some spots not only wet but full of gel-like substance. Satisfied I
changed the carrots and quickly fucked my vagina with the smaller one alone to
get it as coated as possible.

Then I shifted my weight a bit, raising my pelvis, slid the carrot out of my
pussy and let it wander over to my anus. Without hesitating more I began to
gently push it in. It felt good from the start, and I instantly scolded myself
for being so timid to only try it with the smaller one. As I had only two
carrots with me, and not wanting to get any germs up my vagina, I would have to
stick to the small one up my ass, but when I began to slide the veggies up both
my holes at the same time I realized that the result was quite satisfactory,
too.

I didn't climax or anything, as most of the time, but it was enough that it felt
good. For an orgasm I usually need the stimulus on my clit, and sometimes even
that is not enough. I kept on fucking myself for some time, when another idea
came to my mind. Why not try something else, too? I simply didn't want to quit,
but as the desire to shit got urgent soon, I stopped, slid the longer carrot out
of my pussy and then hobbled to the toilet with the other still stuck up my ass.
There I slid it out, threw it in the garbage and for a while contented myself
with emptying my bowels. At first I had intended to get the additional things
plus two more carrots, a bigger one for my anus and a second one for my pussy,
but when my ass began to itch and burn after shitting I cancelled part of the
plan. I didn't need a sore butt for the rest of the day. There were other things
to entertain myself with.

So I padded back into the kitchen, got an additional carrot out of the fridge,
this time a short stocky one, washed and warmed it under the water, and went
back to my room, on the way grabbing hold on a hand full of clothes pins and
some duct tape. Same as with my first venture into anal play I had tried
applying clothes pins to my nipples. The first time it had hurt too much and I
had discarded that idea on the spot, but my mind kept getting back to that over
and over again. So one night I had tried it again, this time checking a lot of
clothes pins for a not too tight grip, and finally found some that might make it
bearable. I had clamped one to each nipple and then kept my hands occupied with
rubbing and fucking myself. Again it had been painful, but the orgasm that had
downright wrecked through me had been much more intense than my normal ones.
Until now I had only done that once, but it had been worth it. Today I wanted to
get on from there.

Now I fully undressed and then once more crawled under towel and covers,
rearranging everything to come up to just waist-level, leaving my torso bare.
The air in my room was cool enough that my breasts already began to tighten up,
yet I took my time stroking my nipples and kneading the soft flesh. When they
were all perky I gingerly picked up a pin and then clamped it over the nipple.
The excitement must have aroused me enough, because it didn't really hurt at
all. Maybe I had caught a rather sensitive day at my last try.

When my red nipples were tightly pinched I let my hands wander down to stroke my
pussy once more, yet it was not as wet as I had left it. When I tried to slide
in the carrot from before it did go in rather unwillingly, so I decided to
venture on.

I then took another clothes pin, stroked my pussy some more and then applied it
to my right outer pussy lip. It tingled more than it hurt. To keep it even I
clamped the next pin down on my left lip, then continued with my right,
alternating with every pin. By the time I had three pins on every pussy lip it
already began to hurt, but it was a slow kind of pain, and I decided to endure
it for now. I even applied two more pins, so that I had four on each pussy lip.
Now that was quite a sensation. When I began to divide my nether lips I felt
that my pussy was coated in juice already, and decided to hurry on. Quickly I
tore off some strips of duct take to tape the pins to my thighs, keeping myself
open that way. The additional strain on my pussy lips intensified the sensation
a bit, but with a little biting down on my bottom lip I managed to get that
done.

For some moments I simply leaned back and let the sensations roll over me. My
nipples were beginning to ache a bit, too, but that was still lesser than the
feedback that came down from my pussy. To even it out I removed the pins from my
breasts, pinched my nipples some more, then took hold on one, stretched it out a
bit and fastened a stronger clothes pin on it. Now that was some pain, but
before I could back down I did the same to my other nipple and then intertwined
my hands behind my head, closing my eyes all the while and just let my body feel
the aches coming from the pins. I was really getting off from this, and the dull
pain that kept swelling from time to time was quite to my liking.

Before it got too much I took the two carrots from my nightstand, the new stocky
one and the longer one from before, bent a bit and then slid them inside my
vagina once more. I felt even fuller than before, smiling about that sensation a
bit, and then began to quickly fuck myself with the carrots.

When I finally felt the first waves of intense pleasure that might or not add up
to an orgasm I nearly had to stop. My pussy seemed to tighten around the
carrots, and my clamped outer labia and my nipples seemed to consist solely of
pain with slight stabs of pleasure inside. I allowed myself a single moan and
then pushed the veggies inside of me even faster, aching my back a bit and
hoping for a sweet release.

It did come then, not a powerful orgasm that might leave me shaking for minutes,
but a simple release, letting the pleasure wash over me and take some bite out
of the pain yet not all. It just felt wonderful, making me smile once more in
spite of the pain. For a last time I shoved the carrots inside me and then moved
my hands down under my buttocks to keep them off the clamps. This way I drew out
the sensations for another five minutes or so. When the pain then began to get
the better of the pleasure I first withdrew the carrots, then went to remove the
clothes pins, beginning with my nipples.

The moment I removed the clamp from my right nipple I nearly yelped in spite of
myself. It hurt so much, much more than when the pin had been biting down into
the flesh. With a shaking hand I undid the pin on my other nipple and then lent
back once more to let the hot pangs of pain subside a bit. I couldn't resist
long and began to pinch my nipples with my fingers, sending new needles of pain
through my flesh, and loved it. All the while my pussy lips seemed to tighten up
even more, making the strain on the clamped flesh heighten. At least it felt
that way.

Finally being able to resist tormenting my nipples I undid the duct tape and,
one by one, slowly removed the pins. The ache after removal was detectable yet
not as much as with my nipples, but still a good sensation.

After having undone everything a sat up and just gazed down on my body. My
nipples were still deep red and stood erect, and my labia was also kind of
coloured. I took my time to once more slide my fingers over the formerly clamped
flesh, before finally getting up to clean everything and restore it to its
former places.

Even two hours later I still felt some parts of my body being overly sensitive.
For one, there was a slightly irritating yet satisfying burning coming from my
anus, my pussy lips were tingling from time to time, keeping my vagina wet for
quite some time, and my nipples kept complaining every time they rubbed against
the soft fabric of my tank top. I could have lessened that of course, but
sitting around in just my panties and a tank top, shivering all the while yet
keeping my nipples erect was just too much fun.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dari


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





