BDSM Library - Mistress of the Game




Mistress of the Game
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: To others he may have been a very influential man to be shown respect at all times, but to her he was nothing more than a whimpering little whore she controlled - a toy for her pleasure and amusement.  The story of Wendell, his sex life, and the women who control it.
Mistress of the Game

Edited by Curtis.  Thank you, Curtis.

Chapter One:

"Hold all my calls for the next hour please, Marie. I need to catch upon a few
things. Oh, and get me a coffee, will you doll, and a sandwich too." 

As director of one of the largest merchant banks in town, Wendell Kerr lived
under a mantle of constant stress, a slave to his appointment book. His mind
raced as he flicked though the papers on his secretary's desk before bundling
them up and hustling towards his office. He was still concentrating on the first
page as he closed the door behind him. 

"Don't say a word, and no one gets hurt," a sultry female voice behind him
purred.

Immediately he dropped the papers, but before he had a chance to pick them up or
turn around, one leather clad hand covered his mouth, and another slipped around
to grip his crotch. The familiar sweet scent of a woman's arousal combined with
that of leather filled his nostrils, and his heart began to pound. As the hand
dropped away from his mouth, a single word escaped Wendell's lips - "Shondra."

"You spoke," the voice whispered, with a certain smugness. "Now someone gets
hurt."

Shondra - how that name excited him - beautiful, intelligent, and all mighty
Shondra. The one who consumed his darkest and most private thoughts, and
controlled him like no other woman. Rarely did she call to let him know she
would be coming, preferring to just turn up. On a number of occasions her visits
had been quite inconvenient, but how could he possibly refuse her? If he did,
she may choose not to come again, and he simply couldn't risk that.

They had met several months earlier at a corporate cocktail party.  Initially he
hadn't noticed her. Certainly she was extremely attractive, but Wendell was
accustomed to being in the company of beautiful women. It wasn't until after she
had formally introduced herself that he realized - Shondra was unlike any other
woman he had ever met.

"Hello Wendell, I'm so pleased to meet you," she gushed, smiling warmly and
extending her hand to him, but instead of shaking it, she dropped and let her
long fingers slide down between his thighs instead. The incident shocked him,
and at the time he had been unsure of what to do. His cock however, had been way
ahead of him. His cock had jerked to attention, and remained hard until
eventually he had been able to slip out to the bathroom to relieve himself.

In the months that followed, he was to learn just how different Shondra really
was. Wendell wasn't a particularly handsome man. He was no in his forties and,
as a result of an excessive lifestyle and a stressful career, any good looks he
may have had in his youth were now faded. That, however, didn't prevent him from
having his share of extremely beautiful women. Money and power, Wendell had
discovered, were more often than not incontestable aphrodisiacs.

Now here she was again, in his office. He turned, slumped down onto his knees,
and stole a quick glance up at her. "Mistress, this worthless slut offers
himself to you for your use and pleasure."

 Her dark blue suit and crisp white shirt would have looked quite businesslike
if the skirt hadn't been quite so short and tight. Her smooth dark hair was
pulled back into a knot at the back of her head. Except for the scarlet red
lipstick rather carelessly smudged across her mouth, everything about her was
flawless. He stared down at her shoes - the heels were high and spiked and black
to match her stockings.


Without word, she walked over to the plush leather chair behind his desk and,
with no regard for the expensive piece of furniture, lifted one foot up onto it.
Then, using both hands, she stroked the length of her lovely thigh, to raise her
skirt up and reveal a small leather crop tucked into the top of her stocking.
Her lips curled into a faint smile as she watched his reaction. "Who's been a
bad boy then," she asked mockingly, removing the crop and then tapping it on the
palm of her hand. 

He knew he had done nothing wrong. She knew he had done nothing wrong.   This
was just a little game they played, a way of her finding an excuse to humiliate
and punish him. In the world of business and banking many little power games
were played, but none quite like this.

Shondra was a career woman, in the same organization as Wendell. Like him, she
was well qualified and intelligent, only nowhere near as accomplished. He was
paid more. He had a much larger office with a better view and more expensive
furnishings. Damn it, he even had a better-looking secretary than she did! He
would always be more successful - and why? She knew why. It was because Wendell
had a cock between his legs. Another woman in her position may have found a
different outlet for her frustration, but not Shondra. She had found the perfect
solution. To others he may have been a very influential man to be shown respect
at all times, but to her he was nothing more than a whimpering little whore she
controlled - a toy for her pleasure and amusement. As his mistress, she held him
and all his power in her well-manicured hands.

He whispered timidly, "Wendell's been a very bad boy Mistress.  Wendell's been
touching his cock."

She took a deep breath, as if trying to control her anger then told him, "And
what does Mistress do with her little slut when he touches himself without
permission?" 

"She punishes him, Mistress, to teach him obedience and self-control."

"That's right slut, your cock belongs to Me. It's for my pleasure, not yours -
don't you ever fucking well forget it!"

He watched with excited anticipation as she laid her arm across his desk, and
then with one swift movement cleared the entire contents onto the floor. A small
vase shattered as it landed - and he made a mental note to clean it up before
Marie found it. An explanation would, of course, not be necessary, but he still
preferred not to leave any 'evidence' behind.

Marie, sweet and innocent little Marie. Fresh out of school, she had started
work for him three months earlier. In the past he had often enjoyed fucking his
secretaries. He would have certainly loved to fuck this one. On many occasions
he had been distracted as she bent over his filing cabinet. Few men wouldn't
have noticed those smooth long legs. There were many times, too, when she had
come into his office and he had been more than grateful for the cover of his
desk. It would have surely been embarrassing to them both if she had seen the
bulge in his trousers. Or possibly, he thought, she was so innocent she just
wouldn't have understood. Yes, that cute little virgin ass of hers sure was
tempting, only he just couldn't bring himself to use it.

Upon meeting, his mistress and his secretary had formed a close friendship.
Although they were seven years apart in age, they had attended the same
university, and also shared an interest in fashion and sport. That, he assumed,
was about all they had in common, and it seemed like enough. Their frequent
chats, when Shondra came into the office had come into the office, had developed
into lunch or coffee together at least a couple of times a week. The two of them
together and not just sipping coffee... he fantasized about it constantly.

Wendell knew what was coming next as Shondra tapped the top of his desk with her
crop. "Get your ass over here now, slut, so Mistress give you what you deserve." 

Already he could feel his cock jerking between his legs as he stood up and began
fumbling with his clothing. In the time it took to unbuckle his belt, slip down
his pants and shorts, and then lean over his desk, his cock had swollen into a
full and throbbing erection. Using his belt, Shondra secured his hands firmly
behind his back, then, pushing him down onto his desk, she raised the crop high.
"Tell Mistress what her little slut needs."

"Wendell needs to be punished, Mistress. Wendell's been a very bad boy."

She swung her crop down, and it made a whooshing sound before landing heavily on
his bare ass. His body jerked, and he cried out as the stinging leather burnt
across his tender flesh leaving a hot red welt.

"Why don't you shut the fuck up, slut? You haven't even begun to feel pain yet."

Just then there was a light knock at the door, it opened, and Marie appeared.
"Your coffee Mr. Kerr..." 

She would have surely dropped the cup if she hadn't been completely frozen by
what she saw - Shondra, crop in hand, standing over her boss with his pants down
around his ankles.  Marie didn't understand. Was it a dream? Could this really
be happening? She blinked several times, but the scene remained the same.

Unable hide her amusement, Shondra smirked.

Wendell felt angry with himself that he hadn't remembered to tell her he didn't
want to be disturbed. How could he have let this happen?  Damn it! Damn her! She
was a good secretary, but now she would have to go. He would fire her today.

Marie's face glowed with embarrassment. She turned to leave, but Shondra called
to her. "Mr. Kerr has something he wants to tell you.  He wants to tell you he's
very sorry for the disrespectful way he's been treating you. Isn't that right,
Mr. Kerr?" 

Her voice dripped with sarcasm. Placing the crop down, she then reaching over to
grab a handful of his hair to jerk his head up. He swallowed hard; this wasn't
at all what he had been expecting when his mistress had surprised him a few
minutes earlier. "I'm very sorry for not treating you with more respect, Marie,"
he blurted out. **

"Oh Mr. Kerr please, I don't mind doing that at all," she managed to stutter. It
was of course a complete lie, only in her bewildered state she just couldn't
think of anything else to say. In truth, she did mind the way Wendell Kerr
treated her. She minded very much. Did he really think she had spent all those
years studying, night and day, so she could made his coffee and run around after
him?

Shondra stared at Marie as if assessing the situation. She then walked over to
her, took the cup from the girl's hand and placed it on a nearby cabinet. "Stay.
You know you want to. Look at him. Are you going to take orders from that man
now, or is he going to take them from you?" 

"I think I should go now, I really do, " she said, lowering her eyes and
stepping backwards to feel for the door behind her. 

"Close the door."

Marie hesitated and nervously bit now on her lower lip as she reached behind
herself and touched the handle.

"I said, close the door." 

Unsure of what to do, but certain of Shondra's tone, she closed it.

Shondra then slipped her arm around Marie's waist as she nuzzled her face into
the girl's long flaxen hair, and spoke quietly to her. "All this time he has
been letting you do his work for him, and for what? You're like his slave rather
than his secretary, aren't you?" 

It was true. Her title may have been secretary, but she was much more than that
to him. On the one hand he would allow her to take full responsibility for large
accounts, while he took all the credit. On the other, he would have her running
around for him like she was his personal maid. 'Get me some coffee will you,
doll... pick up my dry-cleaning, sweetie...' It drove her crazy at times. 'Wipe
my ass for me, sugar pie,' she thought angrily. 

Marie swallowed hard and her whole body stiffened as Shondra now tried to press
the crop into her sweaty hand. "I- I can't," was all she could manage to say. 

"Oh but you can, and you will." A smile formed on Shondra's lips, as she gently
brushed Marie's hair back and she licked the side of her face, leaving a trail
of glistening saliva on her cheek. Then using the crop she slowly stroked it
over the girl's silk blouse to caress her young breasts.

Wendell's mouth dropped wide open in an audible gasp. How often had he admired
his secretary's curvaceous body? How often had he fought back the urge to fondle
those lovely ripe tits?

"That's right Wendell, you were just too fucking slow weren't you?

You've always been ahead of me, haven't you? But not this time."  Shondra
laughed. 

His mind raced and his body began to sweat. How could this possibly be possible?
Shondra and Marie? Then everything became clear to Wendell.  The long lunches
and coffee meetings. Their little private chats and whispers. The phone calls
taken in the boardroom next door. So many little things he simply hadn't noticed
previously. Then something else occurred to him.  'Fuck, my cock's harder than
Chinese arithmetic right now!' 

Marie looked awkward and uncomfortable, however Shondra was quick to reassure
her, "It's all right, sweetheart. Wendell doesn't mind that I'm fucking you. Do
you Wendell?" 

Even if his mouth hadn't been so dry, the words would surely not have come out.

 "You see, he doesn't mind at all," she smirked as she gave Marie's body a
little squeeze.

Poor little Marie, what had she gotten herself into? "Mr. Kerr, I'm so sorry..."
But Shondra interrupted her. 

"Don't worry about it, just taking the fucking crop!" Again she pressed it into
her hand. "Take it." Shondra's demanding manner caused Marie to blink and cower;
however, she took it.

"Now, get around here," she said, taking Marie by the arm and guiding her behind
Wendell. 

Marie gasped as she looked down at Wendell's bare ass and balls hanging between
his legs. Again, Shondra found her little friend's reaction amusing. Grabbing
hold of her hand she forced her to touch Wendell's scrotum. Instantly, Marie
recoiled. "You've seen one of those before, haven't you?" 

"Well yes, of course I have, but... its just that I've never touched a man's
thingy before." 

"Thingy?" She laughed, "It's a cock, for Christ sake." 

Shondra moved behind, pressing against Marie's back.  She reached over to place
her hand over the girl's to prevent her releasing the crop. She then lifted her
arm and directed her to strike Wendell's quivering ass. He let out a loud cry as
another stinging lash crossed the one already adorning his ass, but his mistress
wasn't satisfied. "Harder, you want to hit his ass harder than that!" she
hissed. 

Marie gazed down on the red welts, and she felt an unexplainable rush of
excitement like nothing she had ever experienced before. Again she raised the
crop, only this time of her own accord. She was about to strike, but Shondra
stopped her. 

"Wait", she said, slipping her hands up under her tight little skirt. She
wriggled about for a moment, then slid her panties down over her knees and
ankles, before stuffing them into Wendell's open mouth. "All right, go right
ahead."

Once again Wendell felt the burning lash of the crop, only this time his cry was
muffled by Shondra's sweet damp panties. 

Marie wanted to slap his ass again, and again. She wanted to show that man once
and for all she was no meek and mild little thing to be walked all over. If he
thought she was going to put up with not being treated with respect now, he had
better think again. She would teach him.  Never again would he give her orders.
Now she understood exactly what Shondra had meant when she told her, "A woman
has great strength over a man when she knows how to use her feminine power."
Yes, from now on, she would be in control, and it felt damned good! 

The ringing of the telephone, however, abruptly interrupted her thoughts. Marie
stopped and let it ring several times while she regained her composure. She then
placed the crop down on the desk and smoothed her hair back with both hands,
before picking up the receiver. 

"Hello, Mr. Wendell Kerr's office." She listened for a minute, and then cupped
her hand over the mouthpiece and whispered to Shondra. "It's Mr. Jones, Jack
Jones.   What shall I tell him?" 

Shondra smiled and took the telephone. She looked down at Wendell with her
panties stuffed in his mouth and his hands bound with his own belt. Her voice
was cheerful and businesslike as she spoke, "Mr. Jones, can I have Mr. Kerr call
you back? He can't talk right now; he's all tied up right now." 

She smiled and replaced the receiver. "Now, where were we?" 

Usually when his mistress came to visit she would give his ass a good whipping
and then, lifting him up by his hair, would sit him down between her legs as she
sat back in his plush leather chair. His hands would be left secured behind his
back, and he would be required to lick and suck her pussy until she had been
satisfied. Then, and only then, would he be allowed to stroke himself.   Wendell
wasn't allowed to put his cock in her pussy. 

"My pussy is too good for a little slut like you, but you never know, do you? 
Keep groveling and I may just change  my mind some time, " she told him one day,
as she reclined on his desk and fingered herself while he watched.

Occasionally, she would sit Wendell in his chair, securing his arms and legs.
She would then enjoy his cock, slurping and sucking at it, as she spread her
knees wide and masturbated. "Take a good, long look slut," she told him, as she
knelt down on the floor. "You won't see me like this too often." 

Now, with Marie here, what little game would she play? He was about to find out.
Rolling his chair out to the front of the desk, she then sat down. Grinning, she
opened her legs wide as she lifted the hem of her skirt and flashed Wendell for
just few seconds, to give him a glimpse of her lovely wet sex. She then turned
to Marie, who was still standing behind Wendell. "Come to Mama, baby girl," she
cooed.

Obviously feeling a little self-conscious, Marie looked down at the floor as she
shuffled nearer before dropping down onto her knees in front of Shondra, and
waiting for her next command. 

"That's my good little slut girl, but first, you know how much I love to see
your sweet tits," Shondra continued. 

Marie hesitated, but then thought, 'Why should I feel so embarrassed? I'm not
the one with my pants down... yet,' and she stifled a little giggle. 'No,
there's no need for me to feel awkward at all. Why, I may even get a nice little
pay rise out of this. After all I'm sure Mr. Kerr wouldn't want any of the other
staff to know about this.' 

Feeling more comfortable with the situation after reasoning with herself, she
unbuttoned her blouse and let it slip down her shoulders and onto the floor.
Then, reaching behind herself, she unclasped her lacy bra to release her full
and well-formed breasts. As she cupped them in her hands, it occurred to Wendell
that she appeared as if she were offering herself to Shondra. 

"Oh yes, quite lovely indeed," Shondra commented, leaning down and gently
twisting Marie's rose pink nipples between her fingers and thumbs, then turning
to Wendell. "She's delightful, isn't she?"

The only sound he could make was a muffled moan, and so she continued. "You
really have no idea what you've been missing out on, do you?  She has such a
tight wet pussy, too, you know?" She hesitated for a moment, relishing his
reaction, then added, "I swear she's the best fuck I've ever had!" 

That was it! He couldn't hold back any along. His breath became short pants, and
his face strained and contorted as his cock throbbed and then, with a couple of
massive spasms, exploded to shoot his hot seed right under his desk. 

Marie panicked, "I think something's wrong! I think he's having a heart attack
or something!" 

Shondra laughed. "Don't worry about old Wendell, he'll be just fine." 

Less than a minute later, he lay slumped over his desk; his pulse still racing
and his shirt damp with sweat, as he closed his eyes and inhaled deeply through
his nose. 

"You see, I told you," Shondra reassured her. "Now, show him how you lick my
pussy." 

Marie hesitated; this was becoming too much for her. "You mean right now, right
here?"

Shondra rolled her eyes, "Yes, now.  Do it.  Or do I need to whip your ass, too?
You know I don't want to, but I will if I have to. I won't tolerate
disobedience." 

Shondra and Marie, together and not just sipping coffee...Shondra whipping
Marie's sweet little ass.... Wendell's flaccid cock began to twitch. He opened
his eyes and looked up to see Marie rubbing her hands up and down Shondra's
stocking covered thighs and her head bobbing up and down between them.  A few
minutes earlier, Marie had thought he was having a heart attack.     Now,
watching the two women, Wendell thought might really have one! 

"That's it, my baby girl," Shondra purred as she gripped the chair's armrests,
closing her eyes and letting her head rest back. The sweet, intoxicating smell
of the women's sex filled Wendell's office. His cock jerked and it again began
to stiffen.

'She really is the best,' Shondra thought smugly, 'because she has been trained
by the best.'  Of course, Marie had been a little unsure at first. It was only
natural for a sweet and inexperienced girl like her to feel that way, but with
time and patience she had come around to Shondra's ways. Gentle touches and soft
kisses had soon developed into harder slaps and passionate tongue play. Polite
requests became commands. Wants turned into needs, as the sweet innocence of a
girl washed away to reveal a woman in need of a woman. 

"Oh yes, yes! That's it, my baby slut girl!" Shondra's body quivered and her
breasts heaved with each breath. 

Marie's skirt had ridden around her hips and she had slipped one hand down
between her open thighs. Muffled moans could be heard as she began playing with
herself. At first cupping a hand over her sex, then pulling the crotch of her
panties to one side before thrusting her fingers deep inside her velvety folds.
In and out, they made obscenely sloppy noises against her wetness. 

Helpless to do anything but watch, Wendell witnessed the two women climaxing
within minutes of each other.  Shondra first, crying out as she thrashed about
in the chair, opening her legs wide to gain the full benefit of Marie's mouth
and tongue. Then Marie, whimpering and almost sobbing, drew back from between
Shondra's thighs to concentrate on giving herself a full finger fuck. 

After a minute or so Shondra opened her eyes. Taking a fresh white handkerchief
from her pocket, she used it to clean her sticky wetness from Marie's face. 

'Fuck, yes! They're going to fuck me now,' Wendell thought, his whole body
shivering with excitement, but Wendell thought wrong. 

"Oh, is that the time already?" Shondra observed, glancing at the clock on the
wall. "Get your clothes on, baby girl, you must be starving," she told Marie as
she stood up and smoothed down her skirt. 

Marie picked up her bra and blouse and then, as if now feeling a little
embarrassed by her semi-nakedness, turned away from Wendell to dress herself.

"There's this little cafe around the corner that's just opened.  I know you'll
really like it," Shondra said. 

"Oh, but what about Mr. Kerr?"

"What about him?"

"Well, he's all tied up!" 

"So?" 

Marie tilted her head and looked a little puzzled, then giggled.  Shondra
slipped an arm around her little friend's waist and, glancing back over at
Wendell, told him, "Don't worry, we'll be back before five." 

He tried to relax, but a cold reality had just hit him - his mistress was no
longer the only woman in his life who held him by his balls.




Mistress of the Game

Edited by Curtis.  Thank you, Curits.

Chapter Two:

Wendell Kerr entered his office. As he placed a large stack of files down
amongst the papers strewn over his desk a single red envelope caught his eye.
Picking it up, he held it to his nose and inhaled deeply. Immediately, he
recognized the fragrance, her favorite. His mind drifted into wicked thoughts of
her - sending a chill down his spine.

She owned his ass, and they both knew it. Forgetting everything else, he sat
down and tore it open. Three words were scrawled in scarlet lipstick across the
white card inside - Tonight, seven o'clock. No more information was needed. 
That told him who, when, and where. He sat back in his chair and stared straight
ahead as he wondered what nasty little surprises she might have for him this
time.   His thoughts were interrupted a few minutes later when his secretary,
Marie, entered. "I'm ready to do the figures on that report now, Mr. Kerr."

'Well, its about time too,' Wendell thought. He'd asked her to come and get it
more than two hours ago, but what could he do? Complain? No, she would ignore
him. Remind her he was the boss? What a joke that had become. Threaten to sack
her? Certainly not.  That might displease Shondra, and he couldn't possibly risk
that. Ever since she had walked in on him and his mistress, three weeks ago,
everything had changed. She did things in her own time now. Even more
frustrating was the fact that everything he did, since then, got reported back
to his mistress. Fuck her, some days he couldn't even take a piss without
Shondra hearing about it!

"Marie mentioned you took much longer than usual in the bathroom today.  You
weren't wanking off in there were you?" Shondra questioned him one evening.

He pretended not to notice as Marie sat down, crossed her lovely legs, and made
a token effort to pull her skirt over her knees. He knew the little bitch was
doing it on purpose just to tease him. He handed her a file of papers, and as
she leaned over to take them, he realized the two top buttons of her blouse were
undone. Immediately, he felt his cock jerk between his legs. 'Fuck her,' he
silently cursed.  However, fucking Marie simply wasn't an option for Wendell.
"You're my slut," Shondra's words rung in his head, "I tell you who you can
fuck, when you can fuck, and how you can fuck."

Marie took a quick look through the papers and then said, "I'll have this back
to you in the morning."

Only, he wanted that damned report today. Tomorrow would be too late;  it would
mean him having to rush through the summary to finish it on time. "I really need
it back today."

"You didn't say please."

"Please, Marie, I really need it back today."

"You'll get it in the morning." 

"That'll be fine."

Wendell had to get rid of her, he knew that, only he just wasn't sure yet how he
was going to manage it.

The day dragged. He always found it difficult to concentrate, knowing he would
be seeing his mistress later and so, around four o'clock, he packed up and
walked out of his office. "I'm leaving for the day Marie.  I have a few things
to take care of at home," he said, as he passed her desk.

"Yes, you have a lovely evening, Mr. Kerr."

'Lovely evening? What ever happened to see you in the morning?' Wendell thought.
'Surely, she doesn't know where I'm off to. Isn't anything private around here
anymore?' He rolled his eyes in silent bewilderment and left.

Upon arriving at Shondra's house, he knocked twice and then used his key to
enter. He removed all his clothing, but for a tight black g-string, before
finally securing a heavy leather collar around his neck and then kneeling down
on the floor and waiting. Several minutes passed before Shondra appeared. The
black leather corset she wore pinched her waist, pushing her tits up so they
almost burst out, and her smooth black stockings and high spike heeled shoes
made her lovely legs appear even longer. Certainly, he had seen her dressed like
this before, but he still couldn't help staring. As usual she seemed pleased to
see him, only this evening she looked smug.

"Mistress has a little surprise for her slut tonight," she told him, turning and
beckoning him over her shoulder with her index finger. Wendell stood up and,
walking two paces behind, followed her into the sitting room. He entered and
immediately froze. There on the sofa, looking as angelic as always, sat his
secretary, Marie.  Shondra grinned. "Yes, I thought you might be surprised to my
baby girl. Now, show some respect will you, slut, and get down on your knees
where you belong." 

Wendell's mouth felt dry, and he couldn't speak. He dropped down onto the floor,
his thighs spread wide and his cock throbbing between them. Seeing where Marie's
eyes were focused, he instinctively tried to cover the bulge in his g-string
with his hands. As he did, she mockingly pouted her full lips at him and blew
him a kiss.

Ignoring his obvious discomfort, Shondra explained, "Marie and I were just
talking the other day, and she asked me if a man can fuck as well as a woman.
Well, of course I told her, 'no way,' but she's young and curious and wants to
find out for herself."

Marie put her hand to her mouth and stifled a little giggle. "So I told her,
'You can use Wendell's if you like.'" Shondra hesitated and glanced down at him.
"Take your hands away so my baby girl can have good look at you."

His lips curled into a nervous little smile as he dropped his hands to his
sides, revealing the bulge straining against the sheer fabric stretched across
his groin. Shondra poked the tip of her crop inside his g-string, flicked it to
one side and, in an instant, what little modestly he had vanished.

Spanking him, Marie had certainly seen his bare ass before, but now , sitting in
front of her with his cock and balls fully exposed, he felt humiliated. Despite
his embarrassment, however, he had a raging erection. Sometimes it was just like
that for Wendell.  It was as if his cock had a mind of its own, and he had no
control over it.

"Well, what do you think?  Will his cock do?"

 Marie grinned and nodded. His mistress then turned back to him. "I promised her
a man's cock today, and I promised her a good hard fuck. Do you think you can
handle that?"

Stunned, Wendell swallowed hard as his mind raced and her words sunk in. Marie
was his secretary and he was her boss. Marie had never known a man before. Marie
was Shondra's little toy. More than anything else, she too, would have him
totally by his balls if he fucked her, with or without his mistress's
permission. No, he couldn't do it! He would regret it. It would be just too
foolish. Then, as his cock jerked between his legs, one thought predominated
over all others in his head - 'Can I handle fucking her? Fuck yes! I can handle
fucking the little bitch all right!' His reply, however, was simply a whispered,
"Yes, Mistress. I think so."

Tiny beads of sweat began to form on his face and chest. He watched as Marie
stood up and slipped her flimsy white dress up and over her head, revealing her
matching bra and panties - also white with a lace trim and tiny pink ribbons.
Her feet were bare, and her blond hair loose and flowing. Wendell knew it had
been a long time since he had seen anything so sweet and innocent to look at.

Gingerly, Marie walked over to him. Standing there in front of him, she looking
a little awkward at first. A faint smile formed on her lips, and then she turned
around to drop down on to her hands and knees.

"That's a good girl, yes I've trained you well, haven't I?"

"Thank you mistress," she hesitated before adding, "His thingy looks so big; it
won't hurt will it?"

"If he hurts my baby girl, I'll whip his ass." She smiled and then, using both
hands, gently pulled Marie's panties down around her knees.  Her ass was smooth
and pale, accentuating the rose color of her cunt. Clearly, she was aroused, as
her red and swollen clit protruded through the wet velvety folds of her outer
labia. Wendell closed his eyes for a moment and prayed he wasn't dreaming.
Shondra stroked her crop over Marie's ass, then down between her thighs to rub
it over her glistening sex. "Just look at how wet my baby girl gets," she told
him, bringing the crop to her mouth and licking the sweet wetness from it.
"She's lovely, isn't she?"

Wendell was dumbstruck. He nodded his head and silently pleaded for her to allow
him to have little taste too. Shondra, however, obviously wasn't feeling
particularly generous and so he had to remain content to just enjoy her sweet
feminine scent.

His cock throbbed and his balls felt like lead weights between his legs as he
sat, obediently watching and waiting. He wanted to jerk off right there and then
but, of course, he was forbidden from touching himself without permission. He
wanted to just jump up and fuck the little bitch until she begged him to stop.
He wanted to do a lot of things; however, Shondra owned his cock now. "Yes,
Mistress, she's very lovely," he replied, as he stared down at her inviting
young ass. 

"Well, how the hell can you see from over there? Drag that slut ass of yours
closer, will you , Wendell? I want you to take a better look."

Clumsily, he shuffled forwards on his knees. His cock bobbed in front of him as
he moved, and that amused his Mistress. She laughed and gave the tip a quick
light slap with her crop. He winced as it sent a painful shot of excitement
through him. Then, grabbing hold of his hair, she jerked his head back and
leaned down to give him instructions. Her breath felt warm in his ear as she
told him, "I want you to give my girl a good hard fuck now. Nice and slow to
begin with, and then harder and faster when I tell you. You got that, slut? 
Good... now get to work, my little fucker."

Feeling his whole body trembling, he shuffled close enough to place his hands on
Marie's hips. He pressed the tip of his cock into her wet cunt. It felt so good,
so tight. If Shondra had been fucking her, she had been doing it with something
much smaller than his cock. He closed his eyes to savor the moment but, unable
to control his own lust, he pushed it all the way in, right up to his balls. 
Marie cried out and grimaced.

Wendell wasn't sure if she was in pleasure or pain. Either way, she made no
attempt to move away. That wasn't, however, what his Mistress had in mind.

"Not like that, slut!" she snapped, slapping his ass viciously with her crop.
The sharp burning sting caused his body to jolt, he immediately withdrew.

"Now, show me your ass, slut!"

Wendell knew he was in trouble. Backing away from Marie, he leaned over onto the
floor to rest his forehead on his folded arms as he lifted his ass. Shondra
raised her crop high and then struck it down several times across his soft
flesh, leaving burning red welts. Wendell cried out each time it hit, but she
wasn't satisfied. "Wider!" Shondra commanded, impatiently tapping the toe of her
shoe between his thighs.  He spread his legs further, exposing the most
vulnerable part of his body.

"Don't worry, slut," she reassured him, "I promise I won't hurt those precious
balls of yours" Shondra grinned and once again, raised her crop, only this time
she struck it across the back of his scrotum, sending a shock of pain through
him. Wendell dropped down onto the floor, cupping his balls in his hands as he
writhed about.   "Honestly," she smirked, as she held her crop in one hand and
traced her fingertips over it with the other. " Sometimes I just can't believe
what a fucking liar I can be."

After a couple of minutes, she turned to Marie as said, "He hurt my baby girl,
didn't he?"

Wendell lifted his head and glanced across. Sweet and innocent little Marie was
grinning but, immediately Shondra spoke, her expression changed to a feigned
look of pain as she pouted and nodded.

"Let's try that again,  shall we?" Shondra said, tapping Wendell with her crop.


He dragged himself up off the floor and once again pressed himself inside the
smooth folds, only this time just his cock head. The pleasure he felt was almost
as unbearable as the frustration of not being allowed to shove his cock right
inside her. He wondered if the little bitch was tightening her cunt muscles to
tease him. He gasped, as once again he felt the exquisite pressure. Yes, he was
sure of it. His mistress was pleased. Obviously Marie was too, because she began
pushing her hips back to meet his thrusts.

"She's a hungry little whore, isn't she?" Shondra told him. "I made her that
way, you know."

"Please, Mistress, this little slut's pussy aches to cum. Please, may she have
some more cock?" Marie begged, as she panted and gasped.

Wendell felt the burning sting of his mistress's crop on his ass again.

"Fuck her harder slut! Can't you see she wants more!"

He didn't need to be told twice. Without hesitation, he rammed his hard cock
deep inside her wet warmth. He was sure he would explode at any minute. Until,
from behind, he felt the firm grip of his mistress's fingers wrapped around his
balls. He gasped and then held his breath. "Not yet, slut boy; not until your
work is done."

Again and again he rammed his cock into the girl, trying to satisfy her. Her
sticky wetness now dripped down onto his balls. After a while, as well
lubricated as she might have been, his cock began to feel raw as he pumped her
insatiable cunt. Eventually, however, his efforts were rewarded, and his
mistress released him. 

"Fill her, slut boy!" she commanded.

Those words were almost as sweet as the orgasm he experienced as, thrusting his
cock deep inside her, he shot his load of cum. Marie screamed and tossed her
head back, and then her whole body shook in a dramatic climax.

"Good slut," his Mistress told him when he had finished, as she patted the top
of his head. 

'I just fucked sweet little Marie! How many men back at the office would love a
piece of her juicy ass?' He asked himself. Yes, numerous times he had overheard
them talking about her around the water cooler. Then, in an instant, a
devastating thought hit him. 'I just fucked my sweet little secretary, Marie,
and I can't tell anyone else about it!'

He pulled his limp cock out and sat resting his ass on his heels. He stared down
the floor, panting heavily.  Then, after a couple of minutes, when he had
regained his breath, he looked up.  Marie walked over to his Mistress and, as
she drew near Shondra slipped her arm around her waist. He watched as the two
kissed, their tongues flicking out just before their lips met.   Then Marie
smiled and said, "Thank you, Shondra, you are so good to me."

His Mistress looked down and gently nuzzled her face into Marie's hair. "Oh, I
know that was fun for you, baby girl, but now I'm going to pleasure my little
princess like only a woman can."

Turning towards the door, without another word to him or even a glance back in
his direction, the two women walked out arm in arm.

The following morning, Wendell couldn't help thinking about the previous night.
He felt awkward and uncomfortable when Marie walked into his office. She seemed
to have something on her mind, too.

"Here is that report you wanted me to go over," she said, handing him the file.
She was about to turn and leave, but then she hesitated, adding, "Mr. Kerr, I've
been doing a lot of thinking. I don't feel we can go on like this. I don't want
to be your secretary any more."

Wendell couldn't believe what he was hearing.  A huge wave a of relief swept
over him; he felt as if a heavy load was about to be lifted from him. He'd
gotten to fuck hot little Marie, and now he would be getting rid of her. Could
it really get any better? He thought again. Yes, it could. If Marie left
suddenly, his colleagues would assume he had fucked her and dumped her.

"Yes, I understand, Marie," he replied, trying to look concerned as he nodded
his head.

She took a deep breath and continued, "I think I should be officially made your
assistant. Oh, and I think that deserves a nice pay raise too, don't you, Mr.
Kerr?  A nice fat pay rise." Smiling sweetly, she waited for his reply.




Edited by Curtis.  Thank you, Curtis.


Chapter Three:

Wendell fidgeted as he sat alone on the end of his Mistress's bed. Tonight would
be something special. Yes, tonight she would take him completely. Shondra's
instructions had been clear. "Shower and dry yourself off, then be naked except
for your collar when Nicole arrives."

He had done exactly as he had been told. But why Nicole? Maybe it was part of
the ritual to be prepared by another mistress? Maybe it was something common in
femdom circles. Or, as he had suspected, maybe his mistress just wanted it that
way. It wasn't for him to question her. He heard footsteps; sharp clicking
sounds on the hard floor. The door swung open and, without knocking, Nicole
strutted straight in.

"Well hello there slut boy," she purred. "All ready are we?"

"Yes, Mistress Nicole."

"Good, then get up slut, I want to take better look at you."

Wendell stood up and took a deep breath. This wasn't the first time they had
met. No, Shondra had on a number of occasions enjoyed allowing Nicole to watch.

Now however, naked and alone with her, he felt vulnerable and uncomfortable as
he shifted from one foot to the other, attempting to conceal his throbbing cock
behind his hands. She moved closer, eyeing him carefully, then stopped to stand
behind him. Suddenly and without warning she lifted her crop and lashed it
across his bare ass. He winced and braced himself for another, however, with no
word of explanation, she resumed her inspection. He assumed his pain had simply
been for her pleasure and it wasn't his place to question her enjoyment.

"Right, now get down on your knees, slut!"

Immediately he dropped down, his legs spread wide and his arms by his sides.
Rigorous obedience training had taught him to obey the commands of a strong
woman without hesitation. Confident and assertive -that's how people meeting
Nicole for the first time would have described her. Controlling and unforgiving
would be how those on more intimate terms knew her to be.

He glanced up, then quickly lowered his eyes again. The tight black  Lycra body
suit she wore seemed to cling to every part of her body, and the thick studded
belt wrapped around her body accentuated her rounded hips. As usual, her long
blond hair tumbled down over her shoulders in a most untidy manner. Staring down
he could see her black boots with their five-inch gold tipped heels - her
trademark.

"Do as you're told, and you won't have to explain any welts on your ass when
your Mistress inspects you, slut. Do you understand?"

Wendell bit his lower lip and nodded.

"I didn't hear you slut," she said, pushing her foot between his open thighs,
then using her boot to put pressure on his balls.

"Yes Mistress Nicole," he spluttered.

"Good, now we understand each other," she said, smirking and releasing his
scrotum from under her foot.

As the director of one of the largest merchant banks in town, Wendell gave the
orders. As Shondra's little fuck toy however, he was nothing more than a
whimpering whore for her use and amusement - and for the women she chose to
share him with. Nicole snapped a leash to his collar and gave it a quick sharp
jerk and then led him, on his hands and knees, into the bathroom.

"But this little slut has already washed himself, Mistress."

"Well he's just going to have to have another one then isn't he, Wayne?"

Of course she knew his name was Wendell, but she always called him Wayne. It was
just her way of further humiliating him. "Wendell Kerr? Don't you mean Wayne
Kerr, wanker," she taunted him the first time they met.

He crouched nervously on the cold tiled floor of the shower recess. She placed a
leather bag next to the basin and he watched as she took out an assortment of
jars, a short leather crop, and a pair of handcuffs. She arranged the items and
then turned to him.  "Get up off your knees. How do you expect me to attend to
your cock down there?"

Once again, and without hesitation, Wendell stood up.

Picking up the handcuffs she then stepped in front of him. Her smooth lycra clad
body brushed up against his as she lifted his hands above his head to secure
them to the showerhead. Reaching for the soap, Nicole then began rubbing it
between her hands with a little water.

"Well, now. Who's a horny little whore boy then?" She teased as she smirked and
ogled his naked body.  Unsure of whether or not it was a rhetorical question,
Wendell, gave her a weak little smile.

Nicole gripped her fingers around the base of his shaft and began jerking 
vigorously, then she rubbed her other hand all around his cock and over his
rough pubic hair. Wendell whimpered and moaned. 

"There, you like that, don't you, slut?"

'Like it? Like having a woman like Nicole touching my cock? Fuck, yes! I like
it,' he thought. His answer however, was simply a whispered, "Yes, Mistress
Nicole."

She didn't stop until rich foam lather formed all over his crotch area.

"Now here's the real surprise," she told him, chuckling and reaching into her
bag to produce a small silver razor.

"Nicole is going to shave Wayne's balls and make him all nice and smooth!"

'Fuck, she can't be serious,' he thought. However, when she began to run the
cool blade over his lower belly, his whole body tensed and he realized - she was
indeed very serious.

Holding the tip of his cock between her thumb and index finger, she pouted her
lips as if in deep concentration. She then scraped the blade over his lathered
balls, and all around his cock, taking care to remove every stubble of pubic
hair. His stomach muscles tensed every time the blade touched his flesh. Every
now and then a soft, uncontrolled whimper would escape him. As he stood there,
helpless to do anything but watch, he wondered exactly how much experience she
could possibly have had at doing something like this. He braced himself and kept
perfectly still. He held his breath, but then could no longer contain himself.

"Mistress Nicole, please be careful won't you?"

"Well of course I will. Don't be so ridiculous!" she snapped. "Now let me
concentrate on what I'm doing. This is delicate work. We don't want any
unfortunate little accidents now, do we?"

Wendell closed his eyes, and prayed she would finish soon.

Nicole was almost done when a sly grin formed on her lips. She dipped the blade
into a bowl of hot steaming water on the floor, then turned it to it's blunt
side, and with one swift stroke lashed it right across his scrotum. He gasped
and his whole body shook violently.

She threw back her head and laughed.

Realizing what she had done, or rather not done, Wendell sighed with great
relief. "You see what a wonderful sense of humor I have? It's just too bad you
don't appreciate it, Wayne boy." She pouted her lovely full lips and added,
"that was just so fucking funny."

When she had finished she stood back and turned the shower on for a couple of
minutes, letting it wash away the trimmed hair and soap. His cleanly shaven
groin felt strange. He glanced down; he hadn't seen himself like this since he
was a boy. She smiled and licked her lips, then moved a little close to rake her
long red finger nails over his smooth balls. "You feel so damned good now, Wayne
boy.  You really do."

Wendell gave her a nervous little smile. "Thank you Mistress Nicole."

As if wanting to take a better look her effort, she crouched down in front of
him. She smiled and slowly ran her hands up the back of his legs and then
between his thighs. Wendell felt his scrotum tingle and tighten at her sensual
touch. His cock jerked as she then leaned closer and ran the tip of her tongue
along his hard shaft. An animal-like moan came from deep within him as he felt
her teeth nibble at the ridge separating the head of his cock from the shaft.
His body trembled as he whispered hoarsely, "Mistress Nicole, please, I am
forbidden pleasure of my body without my mistress's permission."

"Shondra? Fuck Shondra!" Then realizing her words, she laughed, adding, "Oh, I
forgot, I already did. And let me tell you Wayne, she's a great little fuck!"

Two women, Shondra and her best friend Nicole, together. Wendell felt his cock
throbbing as his mind raced, but then... What would his mistress say if she were
to walk in right now? What would she say if she saw him with his hands cuffed
above his head and her friend licking his cock? He knew what kind of woman his
mistress was. Yes, he knew very well. She would be angry, very angry. And he
knew exactly who would be in trouble - and it wouldn't be Nicole!

The muscles in his arms and shoulders ached as he squirmed against his bonds,
but the cuffs were secure, and his struggle was in vain.

Nicole cupped his balls in her hand and gently massaged them. Again she leaned
in close to him. He felt her warm breath on his cock as she hesitated for a
moment. Then smiling she slowly licked all the way from the base of his cock to
the tip.

"Mm... What a lovely cock you have, Wayne. Has anyone ever told you that? Oh,
I'm sure they have. Yes, a lovely big, hot cock."

Wendell's breathing increased to a pant, tiny beads of sweat began to form on
his forehead as his chest heaved up and down.  "Mistress Nicole please, you will
get this little slut into a lot of trouble."

She looked up him, grinned and then hissed, "And I should worry about that?" as
she continued with her salacious licking.

He moaned and closed his eyes; it would be useless to try to reason with her.
Women like Nicole always got what they wanted -he knew that. Gripping her
fingers around the base, she slid his cock head between her glossy red lips.

Once again she glanced up at him before lowering her face and taking more of his
cock into her warm wet mouth. As her head bobbed up and down, her teeth gently
grazed his smooth shaft, radiating pure pleasure over Wendell's freshly shaven
groin. He looked down to her fingers rubbing between her open thighs, as she
balanced there on her spiked heels. He was sure he could smell her sweet pussy
through the latex. He wished so much he could see it. Or maybe even be allowed
to touch or lick it!

Nicole continued to toy with his cock, but then, as if she may have thought she
was running out of time, suddenly swallowed it all into her mouth and began
sucking it hard. Her tongue pressed against his throbbing erection and he heard
her lips smacking over his flesh as she moaned and enjoyed her treat. Even if he
had wanted to, Wendell couldn't have prevented himself from climaxing. It was as
if she was drawing the cum right up and out of his balls. Never had experienced
a woman with such a talented and insatiable drive for sucking the will out of a
man, right through his cock! His body jerked forward, he felt his balls tighten,
and with his hips thrusting rapidly, his hot cum spewed into her hungry mouth.

Nicole slurped her treat, grinning and using her fingers to catch the drops of
creamy cum that seeped from the corners of her lips. He then strained his neck
to watch as her hand jerked rapidly between her legs. Her breathing quickened as
she closed her eyes and, as a mixture of her saliva and his cum dripped from her
open mouth, she climaxed. For several minutes afterwards she remained squatting
on the floor with her back resting up against the shower cubicle and her eyes
closed. Regaining her breath, she then stood up and shook her hair back. She
grinned as she caught her reflection in the mirror above the basin; her scarlet
lipstick had smeared. Using the back of her hand she wiped her mouth, then
returned her attention to Wendell.

"Don't worry, little slut, Shondra doesn't have to know our little secret," she
reassured him as she smiled and rubbed her body up against his, and stroking his
now flaccid cock.

Wendell felt relieved, in more way than one.

"We better do something about this, don't you think?" she asked, grinning and
slowly licking the side of his face. "And I have just the thing."

Reaching over to one of the jars on the bench, she removed the lid and dipped
her long fingers into a clear gel.

"This will have your slutty cock stiff again in no time, Wayne boy," she said
with a smirk. "Trust me."  Wendell swallowed hard. Trust her? What choice did he
really have? His answer once again was simply, "Yes, Mistress Nicole."

As she massaged his cock, he felt a warm tingling sensation -it felt good. Only
after just a few minutes the heat increased, then - fuck it! It began to burn.

"Please Mistress!  This slut's cock is burning!" he begged, looking down at his
now red and swollen erection.

Nicole ignored him and continued.

"Please, Mistress!   No more, please!"

"This is for your own good, slut," she said, dismissing his pleas.  "You don't
want your Mistress to know you stuck that big fat cock of yours in my mouth do
you? What do you think she would say if I told her how you flaunted yourself
like a cheap whore? How you were shaking those balls of yours, and practically
begged to be sucked off. Now shut the fuck up, before I have to give you
something to really whine about!"

Wendell closed his eyes and hoped the pain would subside soon.

"Well now you really do have a hot cock," she told him, chuckling at her own
little joke.

After a few minutes, the stinging burning eased to a prickly tingling sensation,
only Nicole hadn't finished with him yet.  Dipping her fingers into another jar,
she rubbed an oily cream all over his sphincter then pressed one finger deep
inside and wriggled it about.  "You'd better get used to that, slut."

Wendell understood exactly what she meant.

She released him from the handcuffs.  "Put this on, and wait here slut," she
ordered, tossing him a satin g-string, and walking out the door.  He did as he
was told, however, as he slipped into the g-string, he soon realized it was far
too small. The crotch cut between his ass cheeks and pulled tightly over his
cock and balls. He tried to adjust it, but it made little difference. He sat
down on the end of the bed and again tried to pull it into a more comfortable
position, but the more he fiddled with it the more his cock throbbed to be
released from the restrictive pouch. He heard female voices outside. The door
opened and Nicole re-entered. "It's time, slut boy," she said, with a smug grin,
as she grabbed the end of his leash and jerked him up to his feet.

"Who else is here? I didn't realize she had invited others," he whispered to
Nicole.

"Well, surprise, surprise, Wayne boy."  She tugged on his leash and dragging him
through the door. Wendell's jaw dropped. He felt his face burning with
embarrassment. Instinctively, he tried to move back, but Nicole's firm grip on
his leash prevented him from retreating. Eight other women sat around the room -
several were wearing leather. The two sitting on the couch were fondling each
other and seemed in a world of their own. A couple sitting on the floor, semi
naked, were obviously submissives. And, sitting on a large leather chair in the
corner, looking as lovely as ever, was his new assistant, Marie. She gave him a
cheeky grin and a little wave as he entered.

As he stood there with his hands over his cock, the room went quiet, all eyes
focused on his near naked body.  He felt the sharp sting of a crop on his ass. 

He jumped and swung around to see Shondra standing there in her black leather
corset. As always, her dark hair had been pulled back into a tight knot at the
back of her head. Her makeup was immaculate, right down to the heavy red
lipstick coating her mouth. Lowering his eyes, he noticed her black ankle boots
with little silver padlock attached to the sides. She took a step forward, then
ran the tip of her crop up the inside of his thigh before using it to slap his
hands away.  Then, placing the tip of her crop inside his g-string, she flicked
it to one side, allowing his throbbing cock and heavy balls to fall free.

Wendell swallowed hard as the women all stared.  Shondra smirked as she noticed
his discomfort.

 "You have no reason to be embarrassed, Wendell," she told him. "I'm sure all
these ladies have seen a cock before."  Several of the women sniggered, and
Wendell heard soft inaudible whispers being exchanged between them.   His
Mistress held up her hand for quiet and continued to speak. "Thank you all for
coming here this evening to witness my slut, Wendell, getting..." she hesitated,
"...de-flowered."

Again there were several sniggers.

 She nodded to two women seated near by and they stepped forward.   Both wore
red corsets and matching stockings. Each held a length of white satin rope.
"Wendell, Hottie and Lottie here will assist in the ceremony. Now get down,
slut."

Feeling more than a little confused at this stage, he did as she commanded,
dropping to his hand and knees. Assist?  Then, as they knelt down either side of
him, he understood. Rope was secured around each of his ankles and his legs
gently pulled apart to open and spread his ass cheeks. Nicole unhooked his
leash, gave his head a little pat, and took a seat. Wendell looked about the
room. His eyes widened as he spotted a large black strap-on placed on a red
satin cushion on a near by table. Shondra reached for it, and he began to panic.

"But Mistress!  You said you would use a small cock to take my virgin ass!"  he
whimpered in urgent protest.

"Well, I changed my mind, didn't I?"

"But, Mistress... "

"Will you just shut the fuck up, Wendell," she hissed. "I don't have the time or
the patience for your pathetic whining."

Wendell gasped as she raised the rubber cock high and then brought it down
across his tender ass to leave a stinging red welt.

Shondra then announced, "The scissors please."

He looked across and saw Nicole grinning and leaning over to whisper something
to the woman sitting next to her. Again Wendell panicked.

'Fuck it,' he thought. 'What's she up to now? No way...' He tried to stand up,
but Lottie and Hottie jerked on the ropes, causing him to fall clumsily to the
floor again.

Shondra rolled her eyes, and reached down to hook her index finger in Wendell's
g-string, then, using the scissors she, cut the fabric, and what little modesty
he had disappeared with a single snip.  Nicole stifled a giggle. "Your slut
thought you were going to cut something else!"

"I know..." she replied, with a smirk.  Several others laughed.  Wendell watched
as his mistress stood over him and one of the women buckled the strap-on around
her hips and then between her legs. "Don't worry, this is going to be so much
fun. Then with a smug grin, she added, "Well, for one of us anyway."

'I'll use a nice little cock on your virgin ass,' that's what she had told him.
Now, seeing the massive rubber phallus extending from between her legs made
Wendell's eyes water. She stepped in front of him and pulled the cock to one
side before releasing it and letting slap the side of his face.

"Suck it, slut boy.  I want it good and wet, ready to fuck that sweet little ass
of yours."

He had never sucked a cock before - not of any kind. He hesitated, then leaned
forward to slowly lick at the smooth rubber. Closing his eyes, he was about to
take another, when Shondra grabbed a handful of his hair and jerked his head up.

"Will you quit fucking around and just stick the whole damned thing in your
mouth!"

A mixture of excitement and shame came over him. Wendell moaned and took the
rubber cock between his lips, sliding them down the length of it. He felt a
tingle, a thrill, as he tasted the rubber and felt its smoothness on his tongue.
Fuck, he could barely believe it!  He was enjoying sucking a rubber cock in
front of all these women. Within minutes, he had coated it with his warm saliva,
and the excess was dripping down his chin.

"Look how the slut's mouth is salivating.  He just can't get enough of it," one
of the women quipped.

Yes, it felt good in his mouth. It slid in and out so easily, with no discomfort
at all, but how would it feel up his ass, he wondered?  Yes, he could get quite
used to sucking Shondra's cock. Her putting it up his ass, however, now that was
a different matter. Suddenly his thoughts were jarred, as she whipped the cock
from him. It made a loud popping sound that made him realize just how heavily
he'd been sucking. "That's good enough, slut. My friends have come here to see
your ass get fucked, not watch you enjoying sucking damned cock."

He listened as her spiked heels clicked on the hard floor and she moved around
behind him. The ropes tied around his ankles became taut as Hottie and Lottie
pulled his legs wider apart. Shondra pressed the tip of the cock against his
ass. He took a deep breath and braced himself, but nothing happened.

"Beg for it, slut. Beg me to fuck your virgin ass. We want to hear how badly you
want to feel it deep in your hot, little male cunt!"

Shondra told him, as she smirked and gently stroked his ass with the tip of her
crop. "Show everyone what a little slut you really are."

Swallowing hard, he managed to stutter - "Please Mistress.  Please, use this
little slut's ass?"

Turning his head, he whispered to her, "You will be gentle, won't you?"

Ignoring his second question, she gave the side of his ass another quick sharp
slap with her crop. "I don't think everyone heard you, Wendell. Say it again,
and this time I want everyone to hear what you want!"

Again, he swallowed hard and opened his mouth to speak, but before he had
managed a single word she rammed the huge cock head into his tight sphincter.
He cried out, as he felt himself being stretched beyond anything he had
imagined. His ass felt like it was on fire. He tried to press his legs together
to gain some relief, but the two women either side of him gripped the ropes too
tightly. He tried to move forward, but she slapped his ass with her crop,
telling him, "You're not going anywhere until I've finished with you, slut."

It felt good! It felt bad! It was a roller coaster of sensations. As she
stretched and forced his virgin ass open, his internal muscles began to tense
and tighten. Sensing this, Shondra slapped his ass a couple of times more. "Take
it all slut, don't make me have to rape you!"

And with that, she pushed further inside him. He could now feel the cool rubber
balls of the strap-on hammering against his own. Reaching under his belly,
Shondra gripped his cock, leaned over his body, and whispered in his ear. "Well,
what have we got here? Your cock's never been so fucking hard, has it, Wendell?"

Sweat began to drip down his face and body. Could he admit it to himself? That
he was enjoying being fucked in his ass by a woman? 'No, she's forcing me to do
it,' he argued in his head. 'I must do what she tells me. She is my goddess to
be obeyed at all times. If I don't follow her commands she will punish me, or
worse, leave me.' Wendell's confusion had him in a spin, but then it all became
clear. His mistress was right, 'I've never had such fucking hard erection!'

The sweet mixture of pleasure and pain had him so damned excited he wasn't sure
how much longer he could hold off climaxing. Nor was he sure how much more abuse
his poor little ass, which already felt raw, could take. "Please, Mistress
Shondra, please may this little slut be allowed to cum?" he begged.

She grinned and looked about the room. "Should I let the slut come?"  There were
several sniggers.

"No, make the whore hold on longer."

"Oh, but we want to see how far he can shoot."

Then, from Shondra, "Do it Wendell. Show the ladies what a slut you are!"

And so he did. His balls tightened and his cock jerked as he exploded in her
hand.  One stream of hot, white cum shot out onto the floor in front followed
closely by another. There were cheers all around the room, and the sound of
glasses clinking.  She withdrew from his ass, and he gasped as the cock head
caught from a moment in his now raw sphincter.

"What about his tongue?" a woman to the side of him asked.

"Yes, I want him to lick me," from another one.

Shondra waved her hand in a dismissive manner at them. "Don't worry ladies, it's
early evening. Everyone will get to sample the slut."

'Everyone?' he thought. 'There are eight other women in this room!'

His cock twitched. No longer in control of his own body, Wendell would have
little choice but to obey. Once again he would be reduced to nothing more than a
sex slave.  But, a slave to Shondra, or a slave to his own sexual perversions?




Edited by Curtis.  Thank you, Curtis.

Chapter Four:

Wendell wriggled about as he sat at his desk. His shirt and tie were fashioned
from pure silk. Armani had tailored his suite of merino wool, and his loafers
were handmade by Gucci. His underwear, however, was a tight and uncomfortable
polyester thong his Mistress had ordered him to wear. No longer permitted to
wear his satin boxers, Shondra now decided what covered his ass and, it seemed,
the more uncomfortable he was, the better she liked it.

"Good morning Mr. Kerr," his assistant, Marie, greeted him as she walked into
his office and made herself comfortable in the large chair opposite his desk.

Wendell sighed and stood up. He unzipped his trousers and pulled them open to
reveal the shiny red fabric of the thong he had been instructed to wear that
day. It had become a ritual; every morning Marie would inspect his underwear and
report back to Shondra.

"Now let me see your cock."

He sighed again, then pulled his semi flaccid cock out.

This certainly wasn't part of the ritual, he knew that, however the thrill of
ordering him about was an excitement young Marie simply couldn't resist. At
every opportunity she would enjoy giving him instructions. She delighted in
humiliating him like that and, if he didn't do exactly as he was told, she would
run back to Shondra making up some little silly lie to get him into trouble. 'I
caught Wendell watching one of girls bending over her desk this morning. Wendell
took too long in the washroom this afternoon, I'm sure he was wanking off. I saw
Wendell looking down the fucking tea lady's blouse today!' There seemed to be no
limit to her warped imagination.

Marie leaned across his desk and frowned in mock concentration as she looked at
his cock and balls and pretended to inspect them. He knew it was just an excuse
to embarrass him, and she did it so well.

"You haven't been playing with yourself, have you?"

"No, Marie."

"You know Shondra doesn't allow that. You're not allowed to touch your self
without permission."

"Yes, Marie."

"I don't want to have to report that you've been disobedient now, do I?"

"No, Marie."

"You know how angry she gets if you don't follow her orders."

On and on she went, enjoying giving her little lecture. It made her feel
powerful. It put her in control. It gave her a thrill like nothing else could.

"Please, may I put my cock away now?" He asked when at last she had finished.

"No, not yet. Shondra wants you to keep you cock hard all day, but nothing more.
You're not to come until tonight."

Knowing how uncomfortable and frustrating that would be for him, Marie put her
hand to her mouth and stifled a little giggle. It wasn't unusual for Shondra to
give further instructions. Last week he had been required to bend over his desk
while Marie inserted a butt plug, something she obviously hadn't done before.
His ass still felt raw from her inexperienced hand.

"Oops, sorry! I guess I'm not very good at doing this yet," she told him,
dismissing his obvious discomfort and continuing to force the huge thing up his
ass with no lubricant whatsoever. His loud scream had attracted the attention of
Susan, the woman in the office next door.

"Is everything all right in here?" she gingerly asked as she opened the door
just enough to allow her voice to be heard.

"Oh sure Susan, we just found a mouse in here. Be careful, it's near the door."

Susan left without answering.

Yesterday it was a metal cock ring.

"Now that nasty old thing isn't too tight, is it Wendell?" Shondra had inquired
when she telephoned him a few hours later. Her concern had touched him until she
added, "because if it is, that's just too fucking bad." She was still laughing
when she hung up.

The day before that it was a chastity device.

That had been almost unbearable. Consisting of a plastic cover for his cock and
a ring to secure it around his balls, it hadn't been all that uncomfortable
until he had needed to take a piss. The hole in the end was big enough to allow
his urine through, but not enough to allow him to wipe or shake himself. Within
a very short time his cock head had become extremely itchy, and as the day wore
on it only got worse. It had been a great relief later that evening to have it
removed, and be allowed to wash.

Wendell's shoulders slumped and a faint moan escaped his lips as he listened to
today's instructions. Marie leaned back in her chair and ran the tip of her
index finger down around the neckline of her blouse as she spoke. Immediately
Wendell felt his cock twitching.

"Its all right, Mr. Kerr. Shondra said you can touch yourself so long as I
supervise you," she explained.

It seemed ridiculous for her to still call him Mr. Kerr. It was of course just a
front, a way of having others believe he was still in charge, a little reminder
of how things used to be, and would never be again.

Wendell took a deep breath. His face flushed. Fuck it, Marie had seen him naked
many times and she had certainly seen his cock erect before, and yet still she
always managed to make him feel awkward and comfortable in situations like this.
Maybe it was her innocent and youthful appearance. Or perhaps it was her sweet
and angelic little face? Either way it was a deception reinforced by her
seemingly easy ability to blush and her girlish giggle. Sweet and innocent
little Marie - oh sure!

He wrapped his finger around the base of his cock and began gently tugging on
his shaft, and it responded immediately by jerking up and swelling to a full and
throbbing erection.

Marie licked her lovely pink lips as her eyes focused on his crotch. Sometimes
when she stared at him like that, he was convinced his was the only cock she
ever wanted. He closed his eyes and let his mind drift. Yes, his cock and no one
else's, in her lovely wet mouth, in her tight little virgin ass, and in that
juicy cunt of hers! Yes, Marie looking up at him with those big pleading eyes of
hers. Demanding he fuck her sweet lips, begging without uttering a single word
that she needed his cock - all of his cock. Fuck yes, it felt good wanking off
to those delicious thoughts. His fantasy felt so real. He could almost hear her
sweet voice. Yes, he could hear her telling him, ' Oh, what a lovely big cock
you have now...'

"Oh, what a lovely big cock you have now, but I want you to stop right there.
Didn't you hear me, I said stop!"

Wendell moaned and dropped his hand away, but just as he was about to slip his
cock back inside his trousers, the door opened. Max Avery, a tall slim man with
a full head of silver hair and sharp blue eyes, entered and immediately froze.

"Wendell, would you mind... What the hell is going on here!" he demanded, as he
stared in disbelief at Wendell. His angry crimson face looked like it would
explode at any minute. Max Avery - head of the organization. Max Avery, the
family man who was faithful to his one and only wife. Max Avery, who attended
church every  Sunday, and twice at Christmas! Wendell swallowed hard. This
wasn't good.

Fumbling about, Wendell felt himself breaking out in a cool sweat as he
struggled trying to get his cock back in his pants, while his mind raced to
think of a suitable explanation, but he was all too late.

"Mr. Avery, I just came in here to give Mr. Kerr some letters, and he..." Marie
hesitated, her lovely big eyes blinking a couple of times as she stared up at
him. She stood up, her lower lip quivered, and then gasped, "...he pulled his
thingy out!"

Bursting into tears she threw herself at Max, sobbing relentlessly.   He slipped
his arms protectively around her shoulders to comfort her, stroking her long
blond hair as she pressed her nubile young body up against him.

For a moment all Wendell could think was - 'fuck it, she's never rubbed her body
up against me like that! I just bet she's given old Maxy the best fucking hard
on he's had in years.' Wendell's mind then quickly flashed to the problem at
hand. 'What the fuck am I going to do now? Tell the truth? Who the hell would
believe me? Look at that performance! Fucking Nicole Kidman couldn't do
better... Fucking Nicole Kidman, oh yes, I sure like the sound of that! Then -
'Get a hold of yourself, no don't get a hold, that's what's gotten you into this
fucking great mess in the first place. My cock! My cock's still hanging out. Put
that fucking cock away! And think of something fast!'

"There, there, its all right," Max told Marie in an most fatherly tone. "Just
sit down and I'm sure we can work this out."

She sat down and her sobs became sniffs as he explained to her. "Now, there's no
need for anyone else to know about this. I'm sure you know Mr. Kerr has been
under a lot of pressure, and I know you have too. We just don't appreciate our
staff enough sometimes do we? I think you can expect a nice big bonus from Mr.
Kerr at the end of the month. Now, you go and have a nice cold drink. In fact,
why don't you take the rest of the day off. Do some shopping. My wife tells me
George's got a new stock of imported shoes and handbags in just yesterday. I'm
sure Mr. Kerr won't mind if you use his account. There's a good girl."

Hunching over, she nodded and, still holding her handkerchief to her nose, she
stood up and fled the office without looking back at either of them.

Immediately she was outside, she closed the door and straightened up. She leaned
back against it, dropped her head back and grinned. She kept grinning until she
couldn't hold back any longer and she began to giggle. She hadn't had that much
fun since... well since she had last teased and tormented Wendell.

On the other side of the door Max turned to Wendell.

"What the fucking hell did you think you were doing?"

"It wasn't like that, I can explain..."

However, as soon as he had uttered those words, he realized he couldn't. Once
again a little game had been played out and once again Wendell had lost.

"You mean your damned cock just jumped out of your pants? Get yourself together
man or you're going to find yourself in deep shit, if you're not already."

Wendell nodded his head and looked down at the floor. He felt like he was back
in school and being chastised by one of the masters.

"I think you need to take some time off. Take a week. Take a month, but get
yourself sorted out! Marie can look after things here at the office. She's
practically running it now anyway."




Mistress of the Game

Edited by Curtis.  Thank you, Curtis.

Chapter Five:

He had to hurry. He was going to be late, and that would mean more punishment.
One strike of her vicious leather crop for every minute she was kept waiting,
and he was already in enough trouble.

 His stomach churned as he knocked on the door and entered her house. A bowl of
pink colored liquid and a skimpy black g-string had been placed on a small table
in the hall. He knew exactly what to do. He undressed, neatly folding his
clothes on the floor, and then as always, he braced himself and lowered his cock
and balls into the liquid. Fuck! It stung, but he had to do it. It had become
part of the ritual. He had to disinfect his cock and balls before presenting
himself to her. Often, he wondered if she, and perhaps Marie, secretly watched
him performing the task. He had visions of them laughing at his discomfort, and
that made his cock grow even harder. He slipped the g-string on. It was too
small to hold his now erect cock and heavy balls, and he knew it would be
difficult to keep them tucked inside. His mistress would be angry if he let them
drop out before she was ready to use them, so  he would have to take care how he
moved.

 He kept his eyes lowered as he entered the lounge area. Taking each step
carefully, he looked down nervously to watch his throbbing cock bobbing about in
the tight pouch. He stopped, and slowly lifted his gaze towards her. Reclining
in a large throne-like leather chair, her long booted legs were spread wide, one
stretched out in front of her; the other draped lazily over the armrest. She
showed no expression as she carelessly fingered the velvety folds of her exposed
cunt. He knew she was wet. He could already smell her sweet scent. In the soft
light he could see her shaved pussy. Oh yes, that lovely pussy,  however he was
very doubtful he'd be allowed to fuck it tonight.

 She removed her hand, stood up and walked over to him. "You forgot to remind
Marie to lock the damned door , did you?"

" Yes, Mistress.   Please forgive this worthless little slut, ' he begged.

 "Don't you realise if it hadn't been for her quick thinking things could have
been quite different!"

 That he couldn't argue with.

 "Yes, Mistress," he said, looking up for a moment as he bit his lower lip and
shuffled from one foot to the other.

 Towering over him in her high platform boots, he could see exactly what she was
wearing.  Thick, black leather straps with silver metal studs supported her
heavy breasts; a matching belt was slung around her hips. Nothing else covered
her beautiful, shapely body. Her makeup was, as always, too heavy for her lovely
face. Thick red lipstick coated her lips, and her eyes dark and shadowed.  "You
were a careless little slut today."

 "Yes, Mistress."

 "And what does Mistress do with careless little sluts, Wendell?  Well?"

 He swallowed hard. "You forgive them, and give them a big hug and kiss,
Mistress?" he managed to stutter, with a wry smile, but she wasn't in the mood
for his humor.

 "Funny... very fucking funny, Wendell", only she wasn't laughing.

 She moved closer to him.   So close he could now smell the sweet scent of her
hair and makeup. So close that if his erect cock hadn't been restrained in the
g-string, it would surely by now have been touching against her beautiful body.
* Gently, she cupped his face in her hands, and smiled down at him. Tilting her
head slightly to one side, she leaned towards him, then she pressed her soft
mouth against his, forcing her tongue between his lips. His cock  reacted by
immediately jerking to a full erection. She pulled away slightly and then pushed
one of her long legs between his. Slowly, she rubbed her knee up and down the
inside of his thighs. He moaned as her smooth flesh rubbed against his, then
suddenly and without warning, she jerked her knee up, slamming it into his balls
and sending him writhing to the floor in excruciating pain.

 "Now THAT was funny!" she smirked, as he dropped to the ground, hands cupping
his balls. His face had become red and contorted. As he rolled about in
excruciating pain for several minutes she watched in amusement. * He recalled
the last time she had done that. He had said or done something that had offended
her, only he couldn't quite remember what it was now. He wasn't even sure he had
known at the time. For days he hadn't been able to walk or sit without feeling
discomfort. He had lied about his condition, telling people he had strained his
back. It had served as a constant reminder of who controlled him and his cock.

 After a few minutes, she became impatient. "Get up Wendell, before I have to
give you some real pain," she warned. "Honestly you're such a pathetic little
whore at times, aren't you?"

 "Yes Mistress, Wendell is a pathetic little whore," he whimpered, lifting
himself off the ground and on to his knees to stoop over in front of her. She
rolled her eyes, then her mood seemed to change.

 "It's not your fault Wendell, I understand that," she cooed as she leaned over
down and brushed her soft lips over his ear. "It's that naughty little cock of
yours isn't it? It always gets you into trouble. Whores like you just can't keep
their cocks under control. Why, your cock says 'wank me off', and you have no
choice but obey, isn't that so, Wendell?" 

She gently tapped the bulge in his g-string with her crop.

A faint smile formed on his lips, he wasn't sure where this was all going but he
was sure what ever it was - he wasn't going to like it.

 "So, I'm not going to punish you, Wendell. That would be unfair, and I'm not an
unfair woman," she slipped the end of her crop inside his g-string, then flicked
it to one side allowing his cock and balls to fall free. She smiled and tapped
his shaft with her crop, "I'm going to punish your naughty cock instead."

 Wendell panicked as his mind raced to think of how to try to reason with her.
He wanted to tell her his cock was delicate; that it had been swollen and erect
all day just like she had ordered it to be; that he would take a double amount
of lashes to his ass instead; but he was too late.

"Bad cock," she scolded, slapping at his shaft. 

 Immediately he cried out, instinctively covering his precious organ as the
stinging lash burnt across it. "I don't recall giving you permission to touch
your cock, slut," she scolded, swinging her crop behind him and striking his
ass. His whole body jerked; again he cried out and immediately pulled his hands
away. She took another quick swipe at his stiff cock and laughed as it bounced
between his legs. Again the stinging pain shot all the way up into his balls. He
closed his eyes and took a deep breath as he braced himself for the next one,
but it landed unexpectedly on his left nipple. "There, you weren't expecting
that one, were you, slut? You see how your mistress is always full of little
surprises.  Well surprise, surprise, here one for the other side, " and she
flicked his right nipple.

She continued to slap him alternately on his cock and ass another six times.
Confusion filled his head. His cock and ass felt like they were on fire, and yet
his erection remained full and hard. Previously, the pain would have had him
promising himself he would never return to her, but then the pleasure would
always leave him craving and crawling back to her for more. Today, however, pain
and pleasure had become one excruciating and exciting experience like nothing he
had ever known before. "Look at yourself, you're a true slut, aren't you,
Wendell? Look, at your cock its about to explode."

He looked down.  Precum dripped from the tip of his throbbing cock, as Shondra
stroked it gently with the tip of her crop.   Wendell then watched helplessly as
it exploded and shot, not one but three, ribbons of milky white cum into the air
before splashing down onto the floor.




Edited by Curtis.  Thank you, Curtis.

Chapter  Six: 

Wendell opened the oven door, and slid the casserole inside. It smelled good. 
Beef stroganoff - her favorite.  He glanced nervously about, making a quick
mental note that everything had been done correctly. Vacuuming and dusting -
done. Cleaning, polishing and bed made - done. Dinner prepared and table set -
done.  Even if he'd had permission to play with his cock, he wouldn't have had
time, she'd give him so many chores.  Yesterday, he still wasn't entirely sure
it was such a good idea to move into his mistress's house, but really what
choice did he have?

"I've decided that since you're not going to be at the office for a while now,
you will move in with me, Wendell," she had told him. "You can cook and clean,
and it will be easier for me to keep an eye on you."

 "But..."

 "No buts, Wendell. Pack your things."

 That had been the discussion - from beginning to end.

 Wendell rather enjoyed cooking.  Tonight, however, his first night, she had
ordered him to prepare for three. Marie. Yes, he was certain Shondra had invited
her over for dinner. He rolled his eyes, knowing she would enjoy gloating over
how well she was now running the office. The office? No, his office! His chair!
And his job! Damn it, she had better not forget that.

 It had been a long day, packing and unpacking, then cleaning and preparing.
Everything was done and so Wendell decided to take a little nap before Shondra
arrived home. He showered, dried off, secured his collar and then stretched his
naked body across her big bed. Within a few minutes he drifted to a deep sleep. 
He awoke to his Mistress's voice. "Now, Wendell, there's nothing to be nervous
about. Just relax."

 Shondra smiled down at him, then looked across to the woman standing on the
other side of the bed. Wendell lifted his head. He expected to see Marie, but
fuck no - Nicole stood there! He closed his eyes and dropped back onto the
pillow.

 Relax? How could he? He was naked from head to toe, except for a thick leather
collar fastened around his neck. Heavy leather straps and metal buckles secured
his wrists to the head of the bed. His thighs were spread wide and his already
hard cock fully exposed. Leather cuffs around his ankles, attached to chains and
secured to the lower corners of the bed, made it impossible for him to move his
legs. Pulling at his restraints as if to test them, he turned to Nicole. Tall,
with wild and curly blonde hair, her lovely face had a slightly severe look.
Regardless of this, she was still clearly a woman of style and elegance. The
full black Lyra cat suit she wore seemed to cling to every curve of her shapely
body. A long zip began at the neck and disappeared down under her crotch.

  'How did she manage to get into it?' Wendell had asked himself the first time
he had seen her in it. Surely someone must have poured her into it.'

 He looked back to Shondra.   Mistress Shondra. Yes, that was what he must
always remember to call her. He stared at her breasts. Yes, those full firm
breasts of hers. So lovely and inviting... So... Fuck!  He wanted to fuck those
tits so badly! He knew it, and his cock knew it, as it jerked to attention.

 "I told you Wendell was a horny slut," his mistress said.  She smirked and
leaned down to playfully flick his balls with her fingernails.

 "All men are sluts," her friend replied in a dismissive manner, as she reached
for her crop and swung it through the air a couple of times. It made a swooshing
sound. She raised it to her lips and gently kissed the leather tip, before
climbing onto the bed next to him.

Wendell braced himself. Seeing how he had tensed up, his Mistress leaned over
him and gently stroked his forehead as she told him, "Oh, don't worry, Wendell. 
I won't let Nic use that nasty crop of hers on you unless it's for my amusement.
Now, doesn't that make you feel a whole lot better?"

 Both women laughed at what they seemed to think was quite a little joke.

 Shondra was a generous woman; she didn't mind sharing her slut around. In fact
she rather enjoyed showing him off. All men had cocks, but not all men had such
power as Wendell. And no woman had such power over him as she did. She climbed
up onto the other side of the bed. His breath became heavier as he watched her
slowly trace her reddened lips with the tip of her wet tongue. As she leaned
over his body, he now felt her warm breath on his cock, followed by the wetness
of her tongue as she ran it all the way up his stiff shaft.

"I just love the taste of a man - don't you, Nic?"

 Wendell closed his eyes. His cock jerked, his body tensed, and he began to
sweat.  'Is there really anything better than a woman's tongue?' he wondered.
'No, probably not.'

 Leaning over him and cupping his balls in her hand, Shondra smiled and extended
her tongue to touch his cock again, this time taking long slow licks up...
around...  and under his cock head. If he hadn't known better, he would have
said the woman had a prehensile tongue.  Nicole smiled as she watched.  Only
now, she was hungry for some cock, too! Leaning down, she gently caressed the
inside of Wendell's thighs. He felt her soft hair brushing against his body as
she ran her tongue down his belly, and then towards his groin, working it around
his scrotum before licking right to the tip of his cock.  As he lay there
strapped down, two wet feminine tongues on his cock was an almost unbearable
pleasure for Wendell. 'I was mistaken,' he confirmed to himself.  There is
something better than a woman's tongue - two women's tongues!'

 As he squirmed and struggled against his restraints, his whole body shivered
with raw and heated excitement.

 One would lick the left side, then the other take her turn on the right. Like
children sharing an ice cream, they licked together, each watching the other as
if making sure one didn't get more.

 Wendell strained to lift his head. His swollen cock was now glistening and wet
with a mixture of warm precum and saliva.

The two women giggled like teenagers as the tips of their tongues touched for a
moment. Nicole deliberately flicked her tongue out again to touch Shondra's.
Then, for seemingly no reason at all, his Mistress stopped and announced, "I'm
sorry, Nic, but this just isn't going to work, is it? You're going to have to
take Wendell's mouth."

 "Oh, but I want his cock! You said I could have his cock!"

 "Well, I've changed my mind haven't I?"

 "Damn it, I'm the guest here - and I want his cock!"

 "He's my slut, use his mouth!"

 "You can be such a selfish bitch at times, Shonny," Nicole scolded. She pursed
her lips as she leaned over Wendell's naked body, to pinch her friend's left
nipple.

 Shondra, gasped in mock horror, She looked down at her breasts, then up again,
before responding by reaching over to pinch one of Nicole's nipples.

 Clutching at her breast, Nicole's eyes narrowed as she glared back.

 His mistress could be such a stubborn woman. Pouting her lovely red lips, she
reached down and grasped his cock. "Mine!"

 He bit down on his lower lip. He wanted to tell her to take care, and that his
cock should really be treated with a little more respect and gentleness. He,
however, also knew how futile that would be, so he took a deep breath and hoped
she would release it him soon.

 Nicole pouted back, then, to Wendell's horror, she took her crop and...whoosh!
She swiped it through the air to slap the back of his mistress's hand. His eyes
widened - she'd only missed striking his cock head by the narrowest of margins!
Shondra immediately jerked her hand away, and held it to her mouth. Wendell felt
like he was in a school playground as the two argued over his cock. He didn't
really care who sucked and who fucked. He just wanted someone, anyone, to take
care of his throbbing erection.

"We'll toss," Shondra announced, reaching over to the bedside table and taking a
coin from her purse.

 "All right then."

 Nicole folded her arms and began tapping her fingers. Wendell watched as the
fate of his cock was determined by the toss of a coin.

 "Heads I get his mouth, tails his cock," Shondra announced, slapping her hand
over the coin as it landed on his belly.

 "Deal."

 Slowly she lifted her hand, and peeped under it. Her lips curled into a sly
grin as she triumphantly announced, "I win!"

 "Well, I prefer to be licked anyway, " Nicole told her, huffing and then
turning to Wendell, "I want a good hard tongue fuck. You got that, Wayne boy?"

 He knew it was a rhetorical question, but he still answered, swallowing and
managing to whimper, "Yes, Mistress Nicole. This slut is here to serve you."

 He watched as Nicole tugged at her zipper. It took more than a minute to pull
it all the way down. It amused her to watch him watching her. Then, upon
unzipping it, she pulled the front of the suit wide open to expose herself to
him, allowing her full breasts to be freed.

 Wendell's mouth dropped open. A light sweat had formed under the Lycra, giving
her smooth skin a slightly shiny look. Her rose-colored nipples were already
hard and erect, and contrasted against her paleness. How he would love to fuck
those beauties, or lick them, or perhaps even just touch them!

"Is this what Wayney, wants?" she teased, smirking and leaning forward as she
cupped her breasts in her hands. "Maybe if Wayney's a really good boy, Nicole
will let him have a little taste."

 Beads of sweat began to form on his forehead, as Nicole lifted one leg over him
to position herself on his chest, spreading her thighs wide.   He could now
smell the sweetness of her sex. "Open! " she commanded, tapping her finger on
his lips. He swallowed hard, then opened his mouth.  "Very good," she told him,
grinning and then tapping her finger on his tongue. "Now lick me, Wayne boy, and
lick me good!"

 As she wriggled about on his chest to get closer to his mouth, he could feel
that she was already very moist, her warm cunt sliding easily over his body. He
inhaled deeply. Yes, that sweet scent of a woman. Flicking his tongue out, he
began to lap at her soft folds. She moaned, then pushed her body hard up against
his face. Her soft wet cunt lips spread over his mouth and nose, making it
difficult for him to breath, but he continued regardless, pressing his tongue
deep inside her, pausing only to suck her throbbing clit for a few seconds
before tongue-fucking her again.  Looking up, he could see her breasts, as she
rocked against him. He salivated more as he watched her fingers gently pinching
and rubbing her erect nipples, and soon a mixture of his fluids and hers dripped
down the sides of his face. Fortunately for him, Nicole appeared to be pleased
with his efforts. He knew very well that disappointing either of these women
would be a huge mistake.

 Shondra now had his cock. Although he couldn't see her, he could hear her
slurping and lapping at it. He could feel her soft lips on his erection and her
fingers caressing his balls, squeezing and lifting them as if checking their
fullness. He felt sure he was going to explode right there and then. Suddenly,
however, he felt an agonizing pain in the base of his cock as she pinched his
tender flesh between her thumb and forefinger. His whole body jerked and he let
out a muffled cry.

"I'm sorry, Wendell," although the tone of her voice told him otherwise, "but
I'm not quite ready to let you cum just yet."

Agony and ecstasy. It was the same every time. She would bring him to the brink
of climaxing then, one way or another, force him to stop. Each time the agony
would have him vowing never to return to her, but then the ecstasy would have
him crawling back and begging her for more.

Wendell moaned and writhed as she released her fingers and returned her
attention to sucking his cock. Again, he felt the pure pleasure of his
mistress's mouth. He knew that by now her scarlet lipstick would be smudged all
over his shaft.

 That damned lipstick - last time she had sucked him off at the office he had
forgotten to wipe it off his cock. Then, afterwards, while he was standing at
the urinal, fucking Max Avery had walked in and noticed it. "It's a rash,"
Wendell had lied, "I must be allergic to the new toilet paper." Later he had
thought, 'Fuck, what kind of man looks at another man's cock while he's taking a
piss? So what if the old bastard knows I've been sucked off by one of the women
in the office? I bet he wishes it had been him! It's probably been so long he's
forgotten what fucking oral sex is anyway!'

He looked up and caught a glimpse of Nicole's heavy breasts bouncing above his
face. Fuck, he wanted to fuck those tits. Fuck, he just wanted to fuck! Wendell
began lifting his hips to meet Shondra's demanding mouth, pushing his cock
between her soft lips, as if trying desperately to satisfy her hunger. 
Suddenly, her mouth was gone. He felt her fingers gripping his cock as she
pressed it against her cunt, dropping her body down and forcing him to fuck her.

 Wendell closed his eyes to savor the moment. When he opened them again he saw
Shondra's hands, with their scarlet nail vanish, caressing and playing with
Nicole's nipples. He heard moans and whimpers, and then a gasp from Nicole as
Shondra leaned forward and gently nipped the side of her friend's neck with her
teeth.

 Wendell watched, afraid to blink in case he might miss something. Shondra
grabbed hold of Nicole's long hair and jerked her head back, then licked the
side of her face. Yes, with the same tongue she had just been washing over his
cock!

 A satisfied smile curled Nicole's lips, then she moaned and screamed! He felt
her cunt tightening around his tongue, and the delicate vibrations of her clit
as it pressed on his upper lip. She ran her fingers though his hair, grabbing
handfuls, forcing his face up hard up against her velvety folds. Her body jerked
and a warm rush of sticky warm fluid gushed out and trickled down the sides of
his face and chin.  Her cheeks were flushed, and she was still panting, when she
climbed off him.

 He felt a rush of cool air on his shaft as it was released from his Mistress's
warm body. He lifted his head. 'What's happening? I'm still hard! Oh yes,
they're going to swap positions now,' he thought, his cock throbbing even harder
in anticipation. But poor Wendell thought wrong.

 Shondra stood in front of Nicole and, reaching down between her legs, she
helped her carefully pull her zipper up.

"You enjoyed that, didn't you, Nic?"

"I've had better," Nicole smirked.

 "Well, of course you have, dear.  You've had me."

 The two women grinned at each other, before pressing their faces together to
have a little laugh at their private joke.

 Nicole then turned towards the door. "Mmm...something smells good," she
commented, sniffing the aroma wafting from the kitchen.

"Well, let's go and see what Wendell's cooked up for us then, shall we? Oh, and
Nic, you can have his cock after dinner."

"Why, thank you, sweetheart."

 Shondra bowed slightly and made a swirling wave motion with her hand towards
the door. Without another word or glance back in his direction, the two women
left the room. They had no further use for him - for now.




Edited by Curtis.  Thank you, Curtis.

Chapter seven:

"What the fuck do you think you're doing, Wendell?"

Her voice and its tone sent a chill down his spine. Immediately he released his
fingers from around his cock shaft, and let her panties drop between his legs
onto the bed. Wendell's mind raced. '"Clean the house and have dinner ready when
I get home". Yes, those were her instructions.  "Wrap my panties around your
cock and use them to wank off"?   No, she definitely hadn't mentioned anything
about that.'

Lunging forward, Shondra snatched her panties up and threw them down onto the
floor.  "Well, slut? What have you got to say?"

It wasn't really his fault. He had done everything just as she told him. He had
completed all his chores, showered and secured his collar around his neck, but
then, just as he was about to spread himself across the bed, he had noticed the
pretty black and red lace peeping out from under the laundry hamper lid. He had
intended simply slipping them inside the basket, but somehow his cock had taken
over his brain. He had only intended to take a little sniff, but somehow when he
had pressed that soft fabric against his nose her sweet intoxicating scent had
overpowered him. He had intended to just brush them against his cock to see how
they would feel, but somehow they had ended up wrapped around his shaft while he
wanked off. Now, somehow, he knew he was in trouble - big trouble!

Wendell stared down at the floor shook his head.  He had nothing to say. 

"You're a filthy little whore!" she scolded him, taking a deep breath and
hesitating for a moment as if trying to contain her anger before continuing.
"And what does Mistress do with filthy little whores like you, Wendell?"

"She punishes them, Mistress."  He swallowed hard, and began nervously nibbling
on his lower lip, still not daring to look up.

Grabbing a handful of his hair, Shondra jerked his head back.  "Tell me, slut,
tell me what you are."

"Wendell is a filthy little whore who needs to be punished, Mistress."

She grinned and released his hair, then in almost a whisper, told him,  "Go and
fetch my whip." 

"Yes, Mistress."

Slipping off the bed and dropping forward onto his hands and knees, he crawled
towards a large chest of drawers situated near the door.  He opened one and
carefully lifted the black leather whip with both hands.  He placed it in his
mouth and then crawled back.  Shondra immediately snatched it from him. 

"Assume the punishment position," she commanded. 

Wendell lay down on the floor all the while staring up at the ceiling. 
Wriggling about he then pressed his hands under his ass, raising it off the
floor before lifting his legs high and then remaining perfectly still.

Shondra placed one foot on his chest as she grabbed hold of his ankles.  Wendell
braced himself as she leaned over and delivered the first of many stinging swats
to his ass.  Again and again she swung the whip though the air, grinning each
time it made a loud slapping sound on his unprotected ass.  Each time leaving a
fresh red welt on his tender pale skin.  He tried to squeeze his thighs together
to guard his precious balls, but it was useless - they hung there vulnerable and
exposed - several times bearing the burning sting of the lashes.  His face
contorted and reddened as he drew on all his strength not to cry out -
displaying such a lack of self-control would surely have brought more
punishment.

At last she felt he'd had enough.  She stopped and stood back, breathing heavily
as she wiped her forehead with the back of her hand.  "Don't ever try that again
slut.  Do you understand?" 

"Yes, Mistress, your little slut understands."

"Good, now what's for dinner?"

The following morning, as usual, Wendell sat naked at the table, quietly eating
his breakfast.  He thought everything had been forgiven, but he thought wrong.

"I've been thinking, Wendell," she told him as she finished the last of her
coffee. Immediately he stopped munching on his cereal and listened.  When
Shondra began 'thinking' it usually involved something uncomfortable for him.  
"Since you are so fond of my panties.  Today you will wear them - all day."

"But what if..."

"All day, Wendell."

"Yes, Mistress."

Actually, when he thought about it, it didn't really seem all that bad; in fact,
the idea of such a punishment had his cock stiffening in anticipation.

"Well, slut?  What are you waiting for?"

Wendell jumped up from the table and hurried off to the bedroom.  The panties
she had worn the previous day were still on the floor, where she had left them,
beside her stockings and shoes.   He picked up the pretty black satin and lace
and held it to his nose.  He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, then as if
suddenly remember what he was suppose to be doing, he gripped them between his
hands and slipped them on, pulling them up and over his bulging cock.  They felt
tight and uncomfortable.  The lacey crotch already cut between his ass cheeks. 
He glanced down - his balls were partly falling out of one side and his cock
strained against the fine fabric. 

"Lay on the bed, Wendell."

He turned around to see Shondra standing in the doorway.  "But ... "

"I said lay on the bed!" 

"Yes, Mistress."

Walking over to him, he saw she had his restraints, leather cuffs and chains she
used to secure him to whatever, and on what ever she pleased.

"I will be home around lunch time to release these; you can do your chores then,
" she told him as she pulled one arm up to the corner of the bed to buckle his
wrist into a leather strap she had attached to the bedpost. "During that time
you can give some thought to your sluttish behavior, can't you, Wendell?"  She
secured his other wrist to the opposite side of the bed and then secured each of
his ankles to the lower corners of the bed.   His already hardening cock
strained against the soft satin as she gave it a playful poke.  "I think this
might be a long morning," she chuckled. 


She then turned away from him and walked towards wardrobe, letting her bathrobe
drop down on the floor to reveal her freshly showered body.  " Don't forget to
pick that up later, will you, Wendell," she said as she glanced over her
shoulder at him, then back to the racks of clothes.

Wendell watched as Shondra finished dressing and doing her hair and makeup.  She
cheerfully leaned over him to kiss the top of his head before disappearing out
the door. 

The morning dragged.  Usually he would have been kept busy cleaning and tidying
up.  He looked down at the hard bulge throbbing between his legs.  A tiny wet
spot of precum had marked the shiny satin.  Even if he had been able to make
himself ejaculate, it would have been a huge mistake.   He knew that.

Hours later, someone was at the door!  'Oh, yes, of course, Shondra,' he
thought. 'Well it's about time too, I'm bursting to have piss!'

"I knocked, but you mustn't have heard me. "

'Fuck!' Wendell lifted his head.  He recognized the voice all right, but it
wasn't Shondra's.  No, it was Max Avery's secretary - Amanda Moore.

"I hope you don't mind me letting myself in, Shondra gave me her key.  She asked
me to come over pick up the Orix file.  She and Max Avery are having a meeting
and they need it."  Her voice was getting louder as she got nearer the bedroom. 
"She said she left it on the bed side table..." Her voice trailed off and she
stood in the doorway, opened mouthed.

Lovely Amanda Moore, the woman every man in the office wanted to fuck, but none
had - yet.   He had overheard talk in the men's bathroom. "She's a fucking
lezzo... That's why she won't fuck me." He would have agreed, only she didn't
seem interested in women either.  Yes, Amanda, the woman he had, in the past,
managed to aggravate on a number of occasions with his sexist comments. The
woman now standing in the doorway of his bedroom wearing spiked red stiletto
heels, sheer black stockings, an irresistibly short shirt and the reddest
lipstick he had ever seen!

Amanda was speechless, then suddenly she burst out laughing.

Feeling totally humiliated, Wendell slumped helplessly back onto the bed,
staring up at the ceiling rather than looking at her.  "I really think you
should go now."

"I'm sorry, Wendell.  It's just that everyone at the office says Shondra wears
the pants in your house, but now ..."  she began laughing again, "now I know
it's really you!"

"Just take the fucking file and go, will you!"

Amanda stopped laughing and moved closer towards the bed. "I don't think I like
your tone, Wendell."

Realizing the mistake he may have made, Wendell tired to backtrack.  "I'm sorry,
Amanda.  Please, just take the file.  This business is between Shondra and me,
so for Christ's sake, just try to be discreet, will you?"

"Well of course I will, Wendell, she told him, grinning and moving towards the
bed, then dropping down onto her hands and knees to crawl up between his open
legs.

"Well now, who's a pretty boy, then?" she mockingly asked, playfully squeezing
his bulge.

"Please, Amanda?"  He begged, then he thought, 'Please, Amanda?  Please what? 
Please leave my cock alone?  Fuck no!'

Wendell knew fucking around with Max Avery's secretary would be foolish, but
really what choice did he have?  'She's going to fuck me whether I protest or
not,' he smugly justified to himself.

Amanda slid back off the bed, then shimmied out of her skirt and removed her
flimsy blouse. He had always thought she had a great body, but now, seeing her
standing there in her lacey black bra and matching thong, he knew it for sure!
And he knew something else - any woman with a body like that would surely have
to be a great fuck!

Leaving her shoes and stockings on, she climbed back on to the end of the bed
and knelt there, between his open legs, with her thighs spread wide. Already a
wet spot had form on the crotch of her panties. He watched as she slowly licked
one finger, and then ran its wetness down between her lovely full breasts. "You
like what you see, don't you? "

He tried to reply, but the words seemed to get caught in his dry throat, as he
lay there open mouthed.

She leaned over and pushed one slender finger under the legs of Shondra's
panties to touch his hard cock.  Wendell moaned.  'Oh yes, that feels so good,
but then... fuck it!'  She pulled it out again!

"Oh, this awful bra is so uncomfortable," she complained, slipping her hands
behind her back to unfasten it, allowing her full breasts to fall free. "I'm
sure brassieres must have been invented by a man."

Wendell swallowed hard. He couldn't remember when he had last seen such great
tits. He loved tits. Actually, now that he thought about it, he'd never seen a
pair of tits he didn't like.

Holding her bra above him, she swung it backward and forwards, allowing it to
brush against his face. She then carelessly dropped it down on his chest.  "Men,
you are all the same. All you want is sex... Sex! Sex! Sex!" she lamented.

Just hearing that woman utter those words was almost enough to make Wendell's
cock explode.

Cupping her breasts in her hands, she began rubbing her erect nipples between
her fingers and thumbs. "Fuck them and forget them, that's how you all are. Well
here's one fuck you're not going to get!"

 'Not going to get?'  Wendell began to panic.

"I don't need a fucking man to satisfy me," she continued, holding one hand up
to his face then wriggling her long red fingernails. "I can take care of
myself!"  Slowly she slid one hand down over her belly and between her legs. She
pulled the crotch of her thong to one side.  Her dark rose-colored clit
protruded from between the pale velvety folds of her pretty pussy as she began
to rub her fingers over and around it.

"Oh, yes, watch my fingers. I don't need any fucking man to fuck me. Fuck you!
Fuck all men!" 
Tossing her long dark hair back over her shoulders, she closed her eyes and
moaned softly. Then, right there in front of him, she masturbated.

Within a few minutes her breath became short pants, and light perspiration began
to glisten on her pale flawless skin. It was difficult for him to see exactly
what she was doing because he needed to relax his head back every few minutes,
but he could certainly hear every bit of her lustful self-pleasure.  Obviously
she had become very wet as her fingers slipped in and out making an obscene
squelchy noise.

Wendell had often wondered exactly how wet Amanda's cunt could get. Now he had a
very good idea. The sweet smell of her perfume, combined with that of her
arousal, had him in a frenzied, almost unbearable, state of sexual excitement as
he squirmed and struggled desperately in an attempt to free himself. 

Her lips parted slightly.  Soft moans and whimpers soon became loud gasps and
cries as she continued to plunge her fingers deep into her sweet wetness.
Wendell watched her quiver and then, after several deep thrusts, her body
convulsed into a full climax.

'Huh?  What about me?  Please, don't leave me like this. Please?' he pleaded
silently as she began to regain her breath and composure.

Amanda smiled down at him and ran her wet tongue over her full luscious lips. 
Fuckable lips.  Yes, that's what they were; the kind of lips that begged for a
cock to suck without uttering a single word.  For a moment Wendell was sure she
was going to suck him off.  He waited but then...  

"Oh that was good. That was just so fucking good; you have no idea how wonderful
my fingers felt," she told him.

'Fuck it!  I just saw Amanda Moore finger fuck herself', he thought as she
climbed off the bed and began dressing. 'The same Amanda Moore every damned man
in the office wants to fuck - and I can't tell any of them!'  And, even more
frustrating, 'The same Amanda Moore who is about to leave me here with a fucking
hot hard on!'

He closed his eyes and began desperately trying to think of a way to get her to
stay and take care of him.  He would beg her.  Yes, a woman like Amanda would
surely appreciate a man like him begging for sex.  'Fuck yes!  I'm going to get
to fuck that bitch yet!' he told himself with iron determination.  As he opened
his eyes, however, he saw Shondra leaning up against the side of the bedroom
door.  Her arms were crossed and she was grinning.

"Well, did you have fun?"






Edited by Curtis.  Thank you, Curtis.

Chapter Eight (Final):

Wendell stood at the kitchen sink finishing the last of the washing up. He
untied his apron, carefully folded it and then placed it on the bench, but
instead of going into the bedroom, stripping off all his clothes and slipping
his collar around his neck as he usually did, he took a deep breath and began
preparations of a different kind. He took a quick shower to freshen up, combed
his hair and tidied up before dressing in his best suit, a fresh shirt and a
silk tie. As he fidgeted with the button on the collar, he wondered how Marie
would be coping at the office. Very well he suspected. She was intelligent and
capable. Yes, everything would be running smoothly. He finished, straightened
his tie and stood in front of the full-length mirror, turning slightly to one
side, his shoulders back and his head held high, checking his appearance.

On any other day he would lay naked across the bed, and wait patiently for his
mistress come home. Today, however, was different. Instead, he stood tall,
walked into the sitting room and sat quietly on the chaise-lounge. Fiddling with
the cuffs of his suit, he thought through the past few months' events. It would
take all his inner strength, but Wendell now knew exactly what he had to do.

Yesterday, it had all come to a head. Max Avery had called him into the office.
At first he had thought the reason was to ask Wendell to return to work. Marie
was capable, but he was sure she couldn't be running things as well as he did. 
In fact, Marie had been there, sitting next to the empty chair in front of Max's
large desk, when he arrived.

"Please, sit down," Max told Wendell when he entered. "I had a little chat with
Shondra yesterday.  I understand the two of you are ... " he hesitated and gave
a little frown.  He obviously didn't approve of couples living together outside
the sanctity of marriage, "I understand you have moved into her house."

"Yes, that's correct," then as if trying to shift the blame, he added, "it was
Shondra's idea."

"Well, I didn't bring you here to discuss your living arrangements.  She tells
me you're not well. You're still experiencing a lot of..." again he hesitated,
"... nervous tension. Why, that business with poor little Marie here..." His
voice trailed off as he glanced down at Marie. "Oh, never mind, you know what
I'm talking about."

Marie clasped her hands demurely in her lap and gave a seemingly embarrassed
little smile, as she gulped and looked down. She knew exactly what he was
talking about, and what had really happened, but she certainly wasn't about to
let Max know.  It amused her that he treated her in such a protective and
fatherly manner, and it was the perfect way to manipulate a man like him.

Wendell swallowed hard and tried to think of how to answer. Obviously Shondra
had been telling Max all about his recent little mishaps and he had no doubt she
would have embellished each one to suit her own needs.

"Well, I suppose what I'm trying to say, Wendell, is - you've been with the
company a long time now, but clearly the pressure is just getting to be too much
for you." Max stood up, walked over the window and gazed out. 

Marie grinned at Wendell, sliding her hips further down in the chair and
spreading her legs wide open to reveal - she wasn't wearing any panties - before
quickly closing them again and sitting up.  He blinked.  She winked.  Max never
saw a thing.

"Marie, here, has been doing a fine job while you've been away."  Max turned
around and smiled down at the picture of innocence sitting there, then he
continued, " So what I'm proposing is that you resign and let her take over your
position. Oh, of course you will be well taken care of financially, Wendell,
don't worry about that. I think too, it's time for the firm to move with the
times. A young woman, like Marie, in a position like this will give the
organization a modern image. It will let people know we don't discriminate on
the basis of age or sex in our organization."

Wendell was dumbstruck. 'She's got the old fool exactly where she wants him.
He's fawning over her like a love struck schoolboy,' but his reply to Max was
far more carefully thought out. "I'm sure Marie is very capable, but I urge you
to think this through first, Max."

"I have and my mind is made up, Wendell."

'Fucking women are taking over the world, and they had to start with me!' he
thought as the frustration swelled up inside him.

Wendell shook his head and closed his eyes. The decision had been made and he
had no say in it. He was merely a pawn in this little game. Marie would take
over his job, and have all the work and responsibility, while Shondra, in the
lower and less pressured position, would be in total control of her. Meanwhile,
Marie obviously had Max wrapped around her little finger. Brilliant! Through all
his frustration, Wendell had to admit Shondra's strategy had been played out
well. She was clever and cunning, and he couldn't help but admire her for that.

Wendell's thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the key turning in the lock
of the front door.  He braced himself.  The sound of her sharp heels clicking on
the hard floor of the hallway followed, then stopped for a moment - she was
checking the bedroom.  They got louder again as she approached the sitting room. 
His hands felt sweaty as he looked down, clasping and unclasping his fingers. 
The clicking stopped and he looked up to see her standing at the door. Her legs
were spread wide and her hands on her hips.  "What the fuck do you think you're
up to, Wendell?  You know you you're suppose to be naked and collared when I get
home." 

Wendell felt his pulse racing, his heart thumping in his chest and tiny beads of
sweat beginning to form on his forehead.  This was it.  He simply had to do it
now before he lost his nerve.

"Shondra, please, we need to talk. We really do."

She tilted her head and gave him a quizzical look.

He stood up, his legs were shaking but he managed to stumble over to her.
Dropping down onto one knee, he took her right hand in both of his. He looked up
at her. At first the words choked in his throat, then with pleading eyes he
managed to beg, "Shondra, please. Will you marry me?"

For the first time, since he had met her, she appeared stunned and speechless,
then a little grin crept over her lips and she replied, "Well of course I will,
what a splendid idea!"

*    *    *

Thank you for reading my story. Especially if you liked it, please take a few
minutes to vote and review it. Feedback is so appreciated, and really it's the
only way amateur authors like myself have of knowing how we are doing.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alex Bragi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





