BDSM Library - Lisa Meets her Master




Lisa Meets her Master
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young sub girl, who had a rough life, is found by a Master who was seeking the perfect slave and her training begins.
Chapter 1: Lisa on the Verge

Lisa was having a bad day, as usual, ever since she lost her family in the fire
while she was away at college.  That ended her college career, all her family
gone in a flash, and barely enough insurance to cover the funerals, and the debt
her family had incurred, they weren't in good shape with 1 child in college and
another soon to start.  In a nutshell, she was forced into the work world
unprepared and unsupported, and had been struggling for the last two years. 
Like many who don't understand the need to live within their means, she had
accumulated huge credit card debts, and had just about ruined her credit rating
within two years, and creditors were now pursuing her at every turn.

Today things got markedly worse, she found an eviction notice tacked on her
apartment door as she was leaving for work, and then she found a boot on her car
wheel with notification that is was being repossessed.  In a panic she grabbed
the bus and made it to work about a half hour late.  Sitting at her desk, she
had no idea what to do, when she saw Mr. Clark, the company owner, walk by,
giving her his usual 'Morning Lisa' comment along with that fetching smile.  As
his personal assistant, she had become very fond of him looking up to him as the
father figure she was missing.  She had been telling herself for months to go to
him for advise on her financial troubles, he was rich and successful and could
probably show her how to get out of the hole she was in, but she just did not
want to admit what a mess she was really in.  Sitting there now, she realized
she had no choice.

After screwing up her courage for half an hour, sent him an email asking if he
had a little time to advise her on a personal matter.  In a few minutes she
received the reply that he would see her in an hour.  The hour seemed to drag as
she waited and tried to focus on her work, as she considered several ways to
brooch the subject.   When the time came she meekly went to his door and
knocked, a pleasant 'Come in' came from behind the door, and she entered. 
"Hello Lisa, have a seat," John Clark said, as he gestured towards the chair
facing his oversized mahogany desk.  He noticed how demure she was, how that
enhanced the stunning beauty of this blonde haired blue-eyed lady.  Ever since
he hired her as his assistant a year ago, he fantasized about her as a sex
slave, having been a Dom for years, but never finding a sub that met his
expectations, he needed complete ant total surrender, and all he ever met had
'limits.  Little did he know, that at this moment that was about to change.

At first she was unsure of herself, then decided that her background was the
best place to start, so she informed him, for the first time, about her life
prior to working for him, and he responded sympathetically seeming surprised she
never brought it up before.  Then she went into her financial problems,
specifying throughout the long list of troubles, that she wasn't looking for a
handout, just help on how to get it straightened out.  While she talked John
began to realize the opportunity before him, thinking about the year she had
worked for him, the clues were evident, her manner and demeanor spoke volumes
that she was a submissive by nature, always attentive, quiet, polite, quick to
react to orders, never once had she argued anything he presented her.  When he
found errors in her work, she apologized and set about to correcting the errors,
always asking if he noticed her improvement, and she would literally beam when
he complimented her.  After hearing her story today, he was sure she was the one
he sought, he just needed a little time to figure how to go about procuring her.

As she finished her story, she made a comment that gave him the course he needed
to follow, she said, " I know this isn't possible, but sometimes I just wish
someone would take control of all these things, I'm terrible at managing these
things, I am so much better at following someone else's lead.  When I make
mistakes here, you always show me what I did wrong and I know I get better every
time you point them out.  I would do anything for someone who could manage my
life, so I could just do what is expected of me, I know that is not reality
though."  He was flabbergasted, what a truly submissive statement, and now he
knew how to hook her in.

"Lisa, obviously you are in a big hole, and I will be glad to help you out as
best I can.  First, go get you wallet and bring me all your credit cards and
Social Security Card, I am going to do a little research to see how big the hole
is.  I also need your car registration, address and any other information on
your debts, now hurry up, and bring them right back."  John looked at her as she
hesitated, then said, "I said Now, you do want my help, don't you?"

"Yes SSSir!" she stammered, yet something in the tone of his voice said to her
OBEY, and she did, rushing to her desk and gathering what he requested.  He sat
there thinking she is ripe for me to sweep her off her feet and make her mine, I
know she has been attracted to me, and I can use that in my favor.  First, I get
Jack to run a complete background on her and see how isolated she really is,
wouldn't want to start this if a long lost family member pops up looking for
her. 

As she gathered her cards and documents he requested she was flush with relief,
though only partially, her boss was so nice, she knew he would help her. In her
heart she also knew she subtly told him how she would really do anything for
him, she was really in love with him, or so she thought.  Just sweep me off my
feet and take me away from this mess that is my life, and I will obey your every
command, the fact that this exactly what was about to happen in a way she never
imagined, was temporarily obscured.

After giving John the requested items, he sent her back to work, and told her
come back at the end of the day, and he would inform her of what he found out. 
The call to Jack was quick and efficient, as usual, and he had a complete
dossier in his hands two hours later.  After reviewing it, he was extremely
pleased, the hole was huge, including the repossessed car, back rent, and credit
card debt, she was over 50K in the hole, and most importantly, she was truly
orphaned, no family anywhere to be found.  He also knew she didn't associate
with any employees outside of business functions, as his assistant she was
relatively disconnected and considered unapproachable by the rest of the staff. 
He had a general plan of action in mind, and was ready when the day ended and he
heard the knock on his door.

After she was seated facing his desk again, he got up, walked around the desk
and leaned back on the front of the desk facing down at her.  In a stern but
gentle voice he started, " Well young lady, it seems like you have dug a fairly
deep financial hole for yourself, and given your salary and expenses, if you
denied yourself anything extraneous, you could get out of debt in 5 to 10
years." The look on her face was clear despair, and he continued, " however, I
have an alternate solution to propose, that could clear things up rather
quickly, but it will require you to completely trust me and follow my advise to
the letter, are you interested?"

"I'm not sure what you mean, but I DO trust you, you have always been good to
me, and if you can show me a way out of this, I would be forever in your debt,"
she stated feeling a strong need to follow where he was leading.

"Funny you should put it that way, because my solution would be very close to
what you just said.  What I propose is simple really, but requires a leap of
faith from you, and more of a commitment than you have ever made before," he
said, noticing the beginnings of confusion on her face, and continuing he said,
" I will clear up all your credit card debt, settle back rent, buy your car from
the creditors, and in return you will sign a contract that in order to pay back
this debt, you will commit to 2 years as my 24/7 personal assistant.  You will
relinquish your apartment and take up residence in my house; you will no longer
be paid, but will receive a small allowance for your needs, as all your salary
will go to paying off your debt.  Since the position is an on call 24 hour job,
I will adjust your salary accordingly up, but will deduct living expenses at a
reasonable amount, to include room and board."  He looked at her and the
confusion was mixed with a bit of apprehension.

"Um, sir, what exactly do you mean by 24/7 personal assistant?  I...I'm not sure
how to say this but....I...I...don't want to prostitute myself." Lisa barely got
that word out, although she would love to sleep with him, having it connected to
a debt to him seemed wrong.

"Lisa, Lisa, Lisa, I understand your concern, but I didn't say anything about
sex, nor did I mean to.  What I want from you is complete availability to do
anything I need, outside of sex OBVIOUSLY, at a moments notice.  My life is so
busy, that having someone at my beck and call and in residence with me would be
ideal.  You would have your own room of course, I am a little disturbed that you
would think I would FORCE myself on you, in that way!"

"OH! I'm sorry Mr. Clark, I should have never insinuated that, it just seems
like such a generous offer, almost too good to be true!"  Her mind was reeling,
could this really be happening, it really would be such a relief, he was
offering to take control and help her like no other person ever had.  He seemed
angry and she didn't want him to rescind the offer, so she said, " I am ashamed
I even thought that, you have always been so kind and helpful, it just seems you
are offering me so much, for so little."

"So much for so little?  Having you on call 24/7 will be demanding Lisa, apart
from assisting in my work life, I will have many responsibilities for you to
assume that will go above and beyond what you are doing now.  A man in my
position has a rather busy social schedule that comes with the business success
I have enjoyed.  In fact I was even recently considering getting a second
assistant just for that reason, so believe when I tell you that you will EARN
everything you get, should you choose this course."  He smiled, with that
alluring look gazing down on her.  "So listen, I don't expect your decision at
this moment, but since you seem to have a transportation issue anyway, let me
offer you this, come with me tonight, we will stop by your apartment and you can
pack an overnight bag.  We'll go to my house, have dinner, and you can spend the
night in the guest bedroom.  In the morning you can come to work with me, and
that will give you an opportunity to see what it might be like."

She paused, looking up into those dark eyes, thinking 'is he my Prince
Charming'?  And she said, " Thank you Mr. Clark, that would be wonderful.  If
it's OK, I'll gather my things and make a quick stop in the Ladies room, then
I'll be ready."

"Why don't you grab your things, and you can use my bathroom here, save you a
trip down the hall," he said, as he walked over and opened the door to her
reception area.

"Thank you, I'll be just a minute."

As she left the office he went to his desk, and activated the camera and
microphone he had hidden in his private bath, it was fun to be voyeur when you
could afford all the technical stuff available to do it right.  Not to mention,
he had caught a few choice bits of business info, when clients of his had used
the bath, as an excuse to make a call on their cells, and he listened in.  When
she returned and went to his bath, he flicked the switch and focused in on what
she was doing.

Lisa first put her purse on the counter next to the sink, then started looking
at her face, grabbed a couple of things from her purse and touched up her make
up.  Then she did exactly what he was hoping for, she started talking to herself
in the mirror, and what she said changed his entire plan.  " Oh my God, I can't
believe this is happening, this morning my world was a wreck, and now he has
given me hope.  He is so handsome, strong, confident, oh I wish he was more than
my boss, I feel so safe with him, I think I'm in love with him.  If he ever saw
my diary, where I fantasize about him taking me, stripping me, forcing me to do
things...oooh, calm down girl, you're gonna wet your panties.  You nearly blew
it out there, that stupid 'prostitute' comment, if he only knew I'd be his
personal slut, all he would have do is ask, hell...just make me.  OK, OK, now
stop, use decorum, you need to be calm and businesslike, his offer is good,
better than anything anyone else would give.  And if I play my cards right,
maybe I can slowly seduce him, God I'd love to feel his cock in me!"  She then
proceeded to use the toilet, wash her hands, and went to the door.

As she exited, he said, " Ready then?" It was all he could do to contain
himself, was she really that ripe for the picking? 

"Yes, thank you, your bathroom is so much nicer than the ladies room," she
smiled at him.

"Well I do have important clients, and they should have facilities that meet
their needs, let's get going then, follow me," he led her to the door at the
rear of his office which opened to the small room that had access to his private
elevator.  He hit the button, the doors opened, and he ushered her in and they
headed down to the garage.  When the doors opened, there stood a chauffeur with
the door to a limo opened, Lisa was surprised, she always envisioned her boss
driving a sporty car, not being chauffeured, how rich was he?  With his hand on
the small of her back he gently nudged her forward and the got into the limo,
the driver shut the door, and soon they were off, she directed the driver to her
apartment building.  When they arrived she darted in and was back in less than
ten minutes and they were off to his place.

He offered her a drink, she asked for a soda, and they had a general
conversation of every day small talk.  She noticed that as they left the city
they were headed to a rather affluent area, no surprises there, but when they
soon pulled to up to a gate with a 12 foot high stone wall on either sigh, she
had to catch her breath.  The gate swung inward and they drove up the driveway
to what could only be called a mansion.  Oh my!  She thought, his house? I've
seen hotels that are smaller.  The limo pulled up to the front doors, that were
at least 12 feet high, Lisa was in stunned silence.




Chapter 2: Crossing the Threshold into a New Life

As John led her up the stairs and into the entrance hall, the look on her face,
he thought, was priceless...awe.  "Think you could stand to live here Lisa?" he
grinned at her.

"Who wouldn't, although it is a little intimidating, I'm afraid I could get
seriously lost in here, " she smiled back at him, as she thought, if I didn't
think he would throw me out on my ass, I would get down on my knees and beg him
to let me be his toy, to use as he pleases, I know that's what I'm built for,
real life sucks.

He smiled back, and thought, what would she think if she knew my real plans, I
suspect she would be thrilled, but that little conversation with her might just
be the musings of a schoolgirl with a crush.  I don't think it really matters
though, from what I discovered today, should I choose to just keep her and start
her training tonight, it would be no problem to make her vanish without a trace. 
I'll just bait her during dinner and make my decision then.

At that moment a stern middle-aged woman entered the room, wearing a maids
outfit, and walked directly up to John.  "Sir, welcome home, Jack informed me
that you had a guest for dinner, and it is all set up in the dining room, I hope
the lady likes steak and baked potatoes," she said as she turned towards Lisa.

"Thank you Daphne, this is Lisa." John said.

"Nice to meet you Daphne, that sound wonderful," said Lisa, as she thought how
hamburger had been the best meat she could afford lately.

"Hello Miss Lisa, welcome to Master Clark's home, if you will please follow me,
I will take you to the dining room.  Mr. Clark, Jack needs a few minutes of your
time, if that is alright with you Sir." Daphne said, a she looked from Lisa to
Mr. Clark.

"That will fine Daphne, if you will excuse for a few minutes Lisa, I'll meet you
in the dining room shortly." John said, as he started walking towards what
appeared to Lisa as a library off to the left.  Lisa fell in behind Daphne, and
they headed back towards the dining room.  As John entered the library, he saw
Jack sitting in one of the chairs by the fireplace, and he sat in the chair next
to him.

"Well Jack, have you found any more information regarding lovely little Lisa?"

"I did a little more thorough check on her background and associations, and
amazingly the girl is really isolated.  No family, I got through some of my
contacts phone records, she really communicates with no one. " Jack stated
flatly.

"Hmmm, that really doesn't look like much of an issue anyway," John, said as he
pulled out his PDA, which he used to copy the audio file of Lisa's little
self-conversation, and he played it back for Jack.  After Jack heard the
recording John said, " During dinner I'm going to go fishing with this one's
head, I think I may just up the ante on the 'offer' I gave her.  It would be
easier if she walks in willingly, even if she doesn't know the full extent of
what it entails."

Jack chimed in, " I'm thinking you are considering taking this one completely,
erasing her 'existence', and making her your complete slave 24/7.  I'm a bit
jealous, would like one for myself too."

"Don't worry Jack, I'm a busy man, her training will require more than just me,
you and Daphne, with her special talents, will be needed to properly prepare her
for her new life.  I'm beginning to think we can take this one to a level we
never even considered."  John smiled then and said, "Shouldn't keep the little
lady waiting too long, while we are eating, play the excerpt for Daphne, and
tell her be prepared to start her training tonight."  He stood, looked at Jack,
then smiled and winked as he headed to the dining room.

As Lisa followed Daphne down the hall towards the dining room, she realized how
shapely Daphne was, large breasted, and slim waist, nicely rounded ass; she
hoped that when she was older her figure stayed as nice.  The uniform was a bit
strange to her, somewhat like a sexy French maid style, black with white lace
trim, short skirt with black stockings and what looked like extremely high
spiked heels.  She wondered how she could move so graciously on such high heels.

When they entered the dining room Lisa was again awed by the sight, twenty foot
ceilings at least, and a table that could seat two dozen people, at the end two
place settings were there, one at the head of the table and the other just on
the next side.  Daphne went to the side seat and pulled it out, saying" Please
sit here Miss, the master will join you shortly, would you like a glass of wine,
or some other drink?"

"Just a soda, Coke if you have it," Lisa said as she took the offered seat. 
Daphne guided the chair into place as Lisa sat, so elegant a formal Lisa
thought.   The maid went through a door on the other side of the table, and
returned in just a couple of minutes with her drink.  As she placed it in front
of Lisa, the awe struck girl asked, " Have you worked for Mr. Clark long?"

"I've have served Mr. Clark for over ten years miss."

"I'm a little surprised he is single, he's so handsome, maybe he's just one of
those confirmed bachelor types..." Lisa ventured, as she attempted a little
fishing with Daphne.

"I wouldn't know about being a 'confirmed' bachelor, that's not a servant's
place to say.  But I can say this, he is a very demanding and exacting man, and
it may be that most women can't deal with that.  I have seen him with many
women, but never for very long miss."

"Considering how spectacular this house is, I imagine he had to be very
demanding and as you said 'exacting', in order to be able to live like this.  I
mean, maybe it's inherited, but after working for him for a year, it's clear how
hard he works, and how successful the business is."

"He is a very dedicated and hard working man miss, I know he had a small
inheritance that he parlayed into the fortune he has now.  At any rate, I have
work to do, so please excuse me, I believe the master will be with you shortly."

And with that Daphne went out through that door again, leaving Lisa to muse on
her new benefactor.  Demanding, exacting, what exactly did the maid mean by
that?  And the way she keeps referring to him as 'The Master', is it just that
he is the master of the house, or is there a hidden meaning to it, the way she
says it makes it seem like something more.

At that moment John strode into the room, and took the seat next to Lisa, at the
head of the table, he smiled and said," I hope this isn't too posh, I am just as
happy getting a bite in the kitchen, but on short notice Daphne just assumed to
set us up in here."

"Oh, it's fine, really, I'm just not at all accustomed to such...lavish
surroundings, I feel out of place," she smiled to him trying to show an air or
naivete.

"I'm sure you could get used to it, believe it or not I've lived here nearly ten
years, and I still get lost once in a while.  Are you ready for dinner?"

"Whenever you are Mr. Clark."

"Call me John, no need for formalities outside the office."  He then pulled a
cell phone out of his pocket, hit the intercom switch, and said, " Daphne, we're
ready when you are," after releasing the intercom button the phone responded
with Daphne saying, "Very good Sir."  He turned to Lisa and said, "I suppose in
the old days I would have one of those pull ropes to inform the staff to serve
dinner, but technology makes for a less intrusive and more effective way to
communicate my needs." They both chuckled at the little joke.

Nearly immediately the door Daphne had used swung open and she emerged with a
pushcart that appeared to have dinner under gleaming silver covers, and a drink
for John.  Daphne wheeled it over, placed the drink by John, then Lisa's plate
was placed in front of her and the cover was removed, displaying a large filet
mignon, an even larger baked potato, and some mixed vegetables on a gorgeous
china plate.  John received the same service, and they both proceeded to eat as
Daphne exited through the door.  Dinner was the most delicious she had in ages,
and she proceeded to eat everything.  He was more deliberate and did not fully
finish his plate as she did.

'I can see you were very hungry, I can imagine things have been very difficult
for you the last couple of years, I just wish you had come to me sooner, " he
said smiling that captivating look at her again.

"Well, truth be told, life has been a struggle ever since the fire, there were
times I just wanted to die, but I persevered.  Honestly...John, if I hadn't come
to you today, I don't know if I would have made it through tonight, with the way
my day started.  Thank you again."

"I fully understand, your only problem was that you were thrust into reality
without being prepared, and while you probably could have handled it better than
you did, you aren't alone.  In this day and age it is far to easy to bury
yourself in debt, and many people do, most without the intention to do so."  He
leaned closer to her and continued, "You know, I am of the firm belief that some
people are meant to lead and some to follow, I think that is why I never
married."

"What do you mean by that?" She asked, hoping to get the answer to the question
she tried asking Daphne.

"Well, today's attitudes, especially regarding women, is that everyone needs to
be independent, to direct their own life.  It's been my experience, at least
with the women I have tried to get involved with, that they feel a need to
control their men.  They get involved, decide what they don't like, and then
they attempt to manipulate the man into what they want.  The end is result is
that one of two thing occur, either the relationship fails, or the man changes
and he isn't what she was attracted to, and it fails anyway."

" Oh my, I never really looked at it that way.  Since I've never really had the
time, at least since college, to get involved with a man, I guess I don't really
have any experiences to draw on, but now that you said that, and thinking about
some of the relationships people I knew had in college, it does make sense.  I
remember several conversations with girls at school, where they did talk about
'fixing' their boyfriends.  At the time all I could think was that when I found
someone, I would want to accept him as he is, you know what I mean?"

"Yes I do, but such a simple statement is not always so simple in reality. 
Everyone has differences, and learning to accept them is very hard to do, where
do you think bigotry and racism comes from?"

"John, I must say, you are opening my eyes to things I really never saw.  When
you said, some people should lead and some should follow, that really struck me,
especially since the first thing I thought was that I have no desire to lead,
all I really want to do is find someone to follow.  Someone who can lead me to
happiness and fulfillment, make me feel valuable and needed, for that person I
would do anything.  And today, when you made that generous offer, you showed me
that those people do exist, you are one of them.  Thank you again."

"Be careful what you say Lisa, that was a profoundly difficult assertion you
just made, do you realize in some ways it is harder to follow than to lead, and
doing anything for someone has far ranging implications."

" I don't understand why following would be harder than leading, when you follow
someone else makes the decisions for you.  And I guess when I said do anything I
meant as long as I don't compromise my morality."

" To follow you have to make the choice to do so, and then you have to accept
that you may be required to do things you would not choose to do.  That is not
so easy as you think; when you really follow someone else's lead you make one
choice, to give up the right to choose.  Some people think they follow, but when
they challenge their leader, they are no longer following."

Lisa interrupted, "But if the person who leads is making a bad choice, shouldn't
the follower question it?"

"Bad and good have nothing to do with what I'm talking about, all I'm
emphasizing is the distinction between following and leading.  To truly follow,
questioning is not an option, you have to allow the leader to decide what is
right and wrong.  That leads to your morality statement, if you are going to
really follow someone, then you need to accept their morality as yours, even if
it doesn't fit your preconceived notions, then and only then can you do anything
for them.  And that my dear is why it is unlikely I will ever find my soul
mate."

Lisa looked puzzled; " I guess I see the logic in what you are saying, it would
definitely be a large leap of faith putting yourself under the total control of
someone else.  And you are right; it seems very likely that the follower would
be faced with a challenge to never question.  I just don't understand how that
relates to you finding a soul mate."

"Well, I came to the realization a long time ago that my personality is strictly
dominant, and that cuts across all levels of my life, business and personal.  I
don't want to offend you, but my expectation from a relationship is not what the
mainstream would consider acceptable.  I would want any woman who gets involved
with me to understand her role would be submissive to me, totally and
completely."  He smiled at her, and was for just a moment a little unsure that
he went too far, but he needed to test this girl.

Lisa looked at him, and seemed a bit uncomfortable, " When you say submissive,
do you mean like a," she hesitated a moment, then said, " slave?"

"That would be one term you could use, but that is just a word, can you stand a
stark example of what I mean?"

"An example, I'm not sure what you mean." Her nervousness was very evident.

"I'll use Daphne as my example, she is submissive to me, but it is not in her
nature to be submissive all the time.  So she could not be the person that would
complete me, though she does serve me well.  I could bring her out here right
now, tell her to remove her blouse and display her breasts for you, and she
would comply immediately."

Lisa squirmed a bit, and thought, does he really have that kind of power over
someone, I need to see this to believe it, and why am I getting so hot and
bothered by this conversation?  I feel a need to surrender to this man; a
compulsion like I never felt before, he speaks to my soul!  She composed herself
and said, " John, I really don't believe Daphne would do that, it seems too far
fetched, I would have to see it to believe it."

"Is that a request for a demonstration," he asked while thinking, she is so
close I think I just about have her, Daphne you will be the dealmaker or
breaker.

"OK, yes, show me that you have that much control over her." Lisa smiled at him
anxious to see this man show how powerful he really was.

"Fine." Pulling out his cell, he hit the intercom button and said," Daphne, come
in here I need you immediately."

"Yes Sir!" came out of the phone and within a few seconds Daphne emerged and
went straight up to John and said," How may I help you sir?"

"Daphne, remove your blouse and bra, place them on the table, then stand at
attention." Jack ordered in a matter of fact tone.

"Yes Sir!" She said, as she quickly unbuttoned her top, removed it and placed it
on the table. The same process followed with her bra, and she stood straight
gazing at him unfazed by her topless torso. 

Lisa was amazed, and pictured herself in Daphne's position, could she do it? I
would love to be under his control like that, total surrender, my pussy is just
tingling, she thought to herself.

"Daphne, have I complimented those marvelous breasts of yours lately, they are
quite spectacular," he smiled as he said that.

"Thank you sir for the compliment."

"They deserve some airing out, pity to keep them under wraps all the time, leave
your clothes on the table, and return to what you were doing."  With that
comment she said, "Certainly sir, thank you sir, is there anything else you need
of me?"

"I already told you to go, why did you question me?" he said in a stern voice.

"Sorry sir, just a habit, yet you did give me an order I questioned.  Please
give me an appropriate punishment at your convenience for that offense." 

"Very well, and I will add to the punishment for your impetuous request for
something you well know is MY decision to make, I will punish you when and if I
see fit!"  He barked at her.

"Sorry sir, yes sir, excuse me." And she left quickly, but did not cower at all
from his rebuke.

Lisa was in shock, and John knew he had to explain the little 'play' she just
viewed, so he said, "I hope you aren't alarmed at what just transpired, I know
it went a little beyond what you were expecting, so let me explain.  First off,
you need to know that this was not an unusual occurrence between Daphne and I,
she is here completely of her own free will, by her own choice.  As I said
before, she is submissive to me, but not a totally submissive person, which is
why she sometimes over steps her role with me, and she knows there are
consequences, since I require complete obedience from her, do you understand?"
He looked at her with a grave look.

"To a point, but what kind of punishment were you talking about?  I mean she is
an adult and your employee, it seems kind of childish to punish her." She
ventured suddenly feeling very meek.

"Childish?  Not at all, everyone is responsible for his or her actions, and when
they make a mistake they need to be held accountable.  Punishment can mean many
things, people get fines, go to jail, lose privileges all the time for breaking
rules."

"Well since you put it that way, are you going to fine her or something?" She
asked, thinking how really demanding he was.

"No, nothing like that, that would not really get the message across to her,
money is not something she is concerned about.  What I will do will be designed
to be something she does not like, that will reinforce her requirement to follow
my orders, and that is personal between her and I." 

"I'm sorry if I was be too intrusive, I must say seeing her follow your orders
like that, without hesitation or embarrassment was amazing, she must trust you
very much."  She smiled and thought, I want that to be me, order me to strip and
do your bidding.  Oh, and what kind of punishment might this man wield? A
picture of Daphne bent over his desk getting spanked by John flashed in her
mind, and the tingling in her loins increased.  She now realized something, she
really had been foolish and childish for allowing her life to become such a
mess, and the idea of being punished for it appealed to her, it would cleanse
her of her shame. 

He interrupted her thoughts by saying, "Actually, she trusts me completely, she
could not have done what she did in front of you without that being part of her
core being.  It's a pity she has that headstrong streak, but such is life, and
while I may have been able to alter it and have her bury it, she wouldn't be
Daphne anymore and I would not do that to her.  So we are what we are.  How does
what you just witnessed make you fell Lisa?  I expect you to be open and honest
with me, I just let you into a very private part of my life, so to be fair it's
time for you to reveal yourself."  He smiled and gazed deeply into her eyes, and
she felt as if he had grabbed her soul.

Oh my God! She thought, this is my moment of truth, he has released something in
me I can't control, and my heart tells me that only he can control it.  I need
him to take complete control, to strip me to the bone and remold me into
something I can't even imagine, his pet, HIS PROPERTY!  Oh, how do I do this?
What should I say? I don't want to sound stupid, but my heart tells me he wants
me to submit to his will, and if I do I will find fulfillment, and she said, "
Sir, today started as a disaster, and right now I feel like I have had an
epiphany.  What has happened in this dining room tonight has totally changed my
view of life, and I have a need to express something to you, but I am afraid
to."  She paused hoping for him to encourage.

"Listen to me Lisa, you have worked for me for a year now, we are far beyond the
'getting to know you' stage of any relationship, we have worked too closely
together.  I am attracted to you, not because you are beautiful, and you are,"
she blushed, "but because as time progressed I saw your true nature, you are a
submissive, unlike Daphne who still needs to feel some control of her life.  You
need to make a leap of faith to find your true calling, but it is a decision you
need to make.  The ultimate choice, as we just discussed, the choice to
surrender all choice and follow your heart and your Master.  I know what you
want from me, and you do not yet know what that will cost, but I expect it will
be beyond your wildest desires.  I amend my offer from earlier today, instead,
if you choose, I will clean up all your messes and erase your previous life. 
From this moment on, should you accept my offer, I will take ownership of your
entire being.  I want your total commitment for one full year, at the end of the
year you will again be given a choice.   The choice will be, remain with me as
my property, or to move on with a clean slate. Time to choose Lisa."  He was
staring so far into her soul, she felt as if she was watching this scene from a
distance.

"Oh God Sir, can I have time to think?"

"Foolish girl, you know what you want, what do you want to think about, why you
shouldn't do it?  No, you do not have time, Take the leap now, or lose the
option, I am not a patient man, and I know what you need far better than you
do."

She stared at him, only one simple decision to make, and she was frozen and
terrified to choose, she needed to cross a line, to take that leap, but she was
stuck in mud.

He continued, "I suspect you are attracted to me, and it is because of the power
you feel in my presence.  Lisa I can't make the choice for you, but once you
make this single choice, I promise to show you what you really are, in your
heart. ANSWER ME NOW!" He exclaimed.

"Yes SIR! I very much want to accept your offer, to serve you completely, please
accept me as you property, I have made my choice!"  She felt relief and anxiety
all at once.

"By your own FREE WILL, Lisa?  He asked, still staring directly at her.

"BY my own free will Sir."  She said still staring into his eyes.

"Very well, first rule, you will always address me as Master going forward, and
acknowledge that whenever a question or request is made by me."

"Yes Master." She felt so comfortable saying that.

"Second, as I am a busy man, and you will need extensive training in order to
properly learn the role you have chosen, Daphne will be in charge of much of
your training."

"Yes Master." Oh, that was unexpected, but she quickly realized that she could
learn a lot from Daphne, after witnessing that performance just a few minutes
ago.

"You will refer to Daphne as Mistress, as I am Master, remember when I said she
had a headstrong streak?  That will do you well in the upcoming training.  Don't
think for a minute I am about to sweep you off your feet and make mad passionate
love to you, you need to be properly trained before submitting to me in that
way.  And I promise you that you will want it sooner than you get it, you will
beg me for it before you get it, do you understand?"  He smiled feeling more
satisfied than he thought possible.  He knew she would have a tough adjustment
period; he would inform Daphne to introduce the pleasures of submission before
the real discipline began.

She responded again, "Yes Master, I understand Daphne is now my Mistress, thank
you Master for accepting me."  She smiled unsure if she said too much.

"I have accepted you as a candidate for now, you will have to constantly prove
your worthiness if you want to become mine permanently."

"Yes Master."

This one is so ready, this is just going to be so much fun.  He pulled out the
cell, and called for Daphne, who appeared nearly instantly, still bare breasted.

"Yes Sir?" She said as she came to attention next to him.

"Good news Daphne, Lisa just made the choice to submit herself to me,
completely."  Daphne glanced over to Lisa and an unnerving smile came across her
lips, as John continued, " She has also accepted you as her Mistress and
trainer.  I expect you will properly train her to my expectations.  I have a few
matters to deal with, given this turn of events, so I leave her to you for now. 
Take her to her room, bathe her, and 'tuck' her in for the night, then see me in
the study."

"Yes sir, it will be done as you wish," Daphne responded looking positively
gleeful.  With that John left the room without another word, leaving Daphne and
Lisa alone.




Chapter 3: Lisa's Training Begins

Little did Lisa know that Daphne had been watching the entire dinner from a
monitor in the room adjacent to the dining room.  She was so hoping John would
capture this beauty and make her his, after hearing from this afternoon about
his 'guest' she knew he had a potential slave on his fishing hook.  She loved
serving him, but knew he needed something more complete, and she really wanted a
toy to play with also.  This one seemed perfect, though totally naive about what
was going to happen to her, proceeding slowly and carefully was needed.  What a
bold stroke John used with that little set piece that was the final tug that
reeled her in to the net.  Now she needed to proceed quickly and efficiently, so
she doesn't have time to balk on her choice.

"Well miss, I hope you understand what I am expected to do, and I advise you to
follow my instructions to the letter, since Master will want complete updates on
how you are accepting your training, do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress." Lisa said, figuring she should only respond and obey, in order
to make Master, she loved thinking of him that way, happy.

No stupid questions, this one is good material, let's see how well she follows
orders, thought Daphne, and she said, "Well if I'm the Mistress and have to go
about topless tonight, it follows that you should be naked, stand and strip,
handing me each article of clothing as you remove it."

This is not as Lisa envisioned this happening, but she quickly came to the
conclusion that nothing going forward would be as she pictured, follow don't
think, she told herself.  She rose from her chair and began undressing.  As she
undressed and handed Daphne her clothes, the maid folded and placed them on the
table, and began telling Lisa the rules she would be following.

"Please listen carefully, for it is expected that you listen to and execute all
commands as quickly as possible, failure to hear is not an option.  You must
first learn to lose your inhibitions, once your are naked expect that to be your
natural state, you will only wear clothes when instructed, and only ones that
are chosen for you."  Lisa had removed her top and bra and was now removing her
skirt; once that was in Daphne's hand she went to sit to remove her pantyhose,
but Daphne said, "Stop! You were not given permission to sit, disrobe while
standing, always remember to do only as you are told, whether or not it is
comfortable or not."  Lisa complied, swaying slightly after she stepped out of
her shoes and pulled off her pantyhose.  She slid them down to her ankles
stepped out of them and handed them to her mistress, feeling embarrassment at
the soaking wet crotch. 

Daphne just smiled at her, warmly, and said, " my dear girl, do you know what
these mean?"

"Yes Mistress, it means I'm aroused." She sheepishly said, blushing again and
feeling very naked.

"That's only part of it my sweet, this is proof positive that you are a true
submissive, a woman's pussy cannot hide her true feelings, this arousal comes
from your need submit, do not be embarrassed.  I would say be proud, but pride
is frowned upon, rather you should embrace your new role, and let your passions
free."

Lisa started feeling proud, and then she squashed the feeling, as more of her
true nature was emerging from the recesses of her psyche.  It was like living in
a dream, but she had to remind herself it was real, when Mistress started
speaking again, I must listen, she thought.

"Clasp your hands behind your neck girl, and try not to flinch when I touch you,
you need to accept the fact that your body is another's property from here
forward, and it must be open and available at all times.  Spread those legs
apart also," Daphne said as she drunk in the beauty and musky aroma of this
bitch in heat, and she clearly was in heat.

Lisa complied, and did her best to not move as her Mistresses hands started
roaming her body.  First she felt her breasts, and lifted from their base on her
chest to feel their weight.  "Natural, no enhancements, I would venture 36 c
cup, am I right?"

"Yes Mistress."  Lisa panted as her juices started flowing again.

Daphne played with her nipples a bit, already engorged from her arousal, she
appeared very pleased as they grew to nearly an inch as her areolas crinkled up.

She then ran her hands down her flat belly and around back, cupping her buttocks
and squeezing them, "Nice firm cheeks, we will give you a regiment to maintain
their tightness. " She cooed, as she brought her hands down between her legs and
caressed her blonde pubic hair, "Beautiful patch here, and pity we must shave it
bare, as master prefers nothing obstruct his view of you pussy."

Lisa flinched for the first time when Daphne's finger stroked her pussy, and a
quick slap on her ass caught her attention, and she said, "No flinching!" as she
lightly squeezed Lisa's clit with the hand in her crotch, sending pre-orgasmic
shocks into Lisa's befuddled brain.  Remaining still was so hard, what she said
about shaving her crotch gave her mixed feelings, she was proud of her little
blonde bush, oh yeah, must forget Pride!  She thought, as she tried to remain
focused.

Daphne's finger now was entering her tunnel, "You aren't a virgin, are you?

"No mistress."

"How many men have you fucked?"

"One Mistress"

"Did you orgasm with him?"

"No Mistress."

"What a waste of a perfectly good hymen, oh Master would have been pleased to be
your first, but given what you just told me, you really are technically a
virgin."

"Yes Mistress."

"Have you used dildos and vibrators to give yourself orgasms?"

"Vibrators yes, dildos no, Mistress."

"Oh my, that must be one tight little twat, that may alter my preparation plans
for you a bit.  I am assuming your ass virginal then?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Ever sucked a cock?"

"Yes Mistress."

"How many?"

"One Mistress."

"Did you swallow?"

"NO mistress."

"You will.  I can see that your naivete' extends from life to sexuality, you
have much to learn my little pet.  Now with your hands remaining behind your
neck, bow your head and keep your eyes on my feet as you follow me to your room. 
Going forward do not look up into anyone's face or especially their eyes unless
ordered to, SLAVES keep their eyes down."  Daphne used that word with emphasis
to begin to drive home Lisa's new position.  She turned and headed for the door
they originally entered.

Lisa said, "yes mistress," as she bowed her head and followed her Mistresses
lead, thinking, well her I am a SLAVE to a Mistress and Master, how did my life
change so quickly?  Why am I so aroused with Daph...Mistress? I was never
attracted to women before, maybe it's the way she has so quickly established her
control over me.  That's it, I'm aroused by being Dominated, her sex means
nothing.  At least that's what she told herself.

As Lisa followed Daphne to the upstairs bedroom John turned to Jack and away
from the monitor where he had watched Daphne guide Lisa's descent into full time
slavery. "Well this couldn't have turned out any better, she's absolutely
perfect, and if I'm not careful she could end up owning me."

As his close friend and right hand man since they were in their early twenties,
Jack said to John," You may not know how real that statement is my friend, I see
a look in your eyes like never before.  I think she's destined for you, but if
you want her to turn out completely submissive, then I suggest we limit your
contact with her early on.   Daphne should get the lion share of the training
duties, it will make her more comfortable serving women in general, and I know
you can think of a few lady friends who you would like to watch play with her. 
I'll assert some male presence to remind her of what she is missing, and your
absence will drive her desires for you higher.  She wants you above all else, so
in say two to four weeks, she will be so deeply conditioned, any 'female wiles'
she may try to entice you with, will be replaced with only a desire to serve and
please."

John looked at his friend, realizing the validity of his friend's words," You're
right Jack; I am far too entranced to focus on training her properly.  I never
imagined someone could affect me so quickly, and deeply.  But if I have to wait
two weeks or more, to sample my catch, then I will fairly well go crazy.  So the
only alternative is to taste her tonight, before we really get started.  And a
taste of me will give her something strive for as her training progresses."  He
hit the intercom again, and said, "Daphne?"

"Yes Sir," the phone announced.

"I've decided to properly fuck Lisa tonight, bathe her, put her in the 'stocks'
bed blindfolded, then use your talents to arouse her to the edge.  I will be
watching, don't let her go over the top, I want her ready to come upon
insertion.  Consider this an imprinting, her first orgasm as a slave will be
from my cock entering that near virgin twat.  I will enter the room when I deem
her ready, I will not speak, or even acknowledge it's me, it will be a quick
hard fuck, to drive home her submission.  Acknowledge your compliance my dear." 
John smiled at Jack, while holding the phone awaiting the reply.

"It will be done Sir."

Jack looked at him and smiled, "You think well on the fly friend, not only a
good way to sample her, but a strong message sent at the same time.  Beautiful."

"You can fill Daphne in on the plan, I'm sure she will be thrilled, she's been
itching for a toy for a while, after I take over tonight.  When I'm done I want
her left there until morning, when Daphne can get started in earnest," said John
as he leaned back into his chair.

They both turned their attention to the monitor showing the bathroom where the
girls just arrived, and it was not unlike the moment when the commercial ended
and it was time to watch the show again.

Lisa followed Mistress down a hall, around a corner, and up a long flight of
stairs, and down two more halls until she was led into an opulent bathroom,
bigger than the bedroom in her apartment.  They walked over to a large sunken
tub, with multiple attachments on the edge, a waterfall spout, and multiple
hosed sprayers hanging on brackets around the edge of the tub.   It was also
equipped with Jacuzzi jets on the sides.  She was ordered to kneel in the center
of the empty tub, and told to hold onto the handrails at either side of the tub. 

This is where Lisa was first introduced to bondage, as Daphne handcuffed her
wrists to the rail, with stainless steel handcuffs, Lisa almost flinched when
her right wrist was captured.  The chained arm entranced her, as the other wrist
was shackled the same way.  Mistress stepped into the tub behind Lisa, and
roughly reached between her thighs and spread them out to the sides.  Lisa
looked down and noticed nylon straps attached to the bottom of the tub near her
knees and again at her ankles, the became transfixed as she saw her legs
attached to the straps at all four points, effectively trapping her in kneeling
position.

"You look good in bondage miss, get used to it, that is part of your training,
to be bound more often than not.  Are your knees getting a bit sore yet?" Daphne
smiled as she moved out and around the tub to face Lisa.

"Yes Mistress, they hurt." She whined a bit saying it.

"Oh poor baby, get used to feeling uncomfortable, that is also the price you
will pay to submit to Master.  Now stay upright, no sinking down on you heels,
and watch me carefully as I get ready to bathe you."

With that Lisa was engrossed as she watched Mistress strip, she was fascinated
by her beautiful body.  Well toned and conditioned, no fat speak speak of, and
very shapely.  When Mistress finally removed her panties, she not only revealed
her hairless crotch, but Lisa saw the two gold rings piercing her outer lips on
either side of her pussy.  She looked up at Lisa, smiling, and said," Like my
jewelry?" as she stroked her hand over rings to draw her attention, "If you are
good girl, Master may choose to adorn you with something similar."

Lisa thought about what it would be like to wear such kinky jewelry for Master,
then the thought of a slave with a ring in their nose flashed in her mind, he
wouldn't go that far, would he? She really was in uncharted territory; so many
things she never even considered prior to today were flooding her senses. 
Submission, obedience, nudity, bondage, and now body modification; she was in a
whirlwind of emotional turmoil, compounded by her heightened arousal, was
tearing away reality and rewriting it.  Daphne was deftly assaulting Lisa's
sensibilities, as a prerequisite to building her into something completely
obedient and docile, the perfect pet for her Master (Although she was not like
this new one, she would have to suffer for diverting his attentions.)  Although
she never expected anything more than they're occasional trysts, she was feeling
tinged by jealousy at this moment.  She decided to use that emotion to focus her
training energies, but didn't realize her Master would eventually see the truth
and she would pay then.

Once she felt Lisa had seen enough, she strolled to the tub, and turned on the
tap, and the waterfall faucet spilled water into the tub.  "Tonight I will give
your body a thorough washing, but tomorrow we begin cleaning you from the inside
out pet. Brace yourself, I believe in scrubbing slaves as I would an animal,
when I present you to Master later I want you squeaky-clean, so do yourself a
favor and don't struggle...too much."

She disappeared behind Lisa again, and the now nervous girl dared not move an
inch, though she was dying to see what Mistress was doing. She stepped into the
tub that now had a few inches of water in it, and grabbed a sprayer on a hose,
and flicked a valve that stopped the waterfall and sputtered the sprayer to
life.  She swung her leg over Lisa's arm straddling her arm, and she moved
forward until her pussy and her rings were rubbing into Lisa's shoulder.  She
brought the sprayer over head and soaked her hair thoroughly, holding the
sprayer close to her scalp until the long blonde hair was thoroughly soaked. She
then hung the sprayer on a hook that directed the spray directly on her pubic
mound, while she soaped up her hair, digging her long nails into her scalp as
she washed the hair.  After a couple minutes of massaging her scalp, she rinsed
her hands in the spray, then picked up the sprayer and rinsed the hairs
thoroughly.

She repeated the procedure two more times.

As soon as the water poured over her head the first time, Lisa screwed her eyes
shut, and focused on the sensations she was experiencing.  When Mistress thighs
clamp onto her shoulder, Lisa shudders slightly, she is so aroused and feeling
Daphne's ringed snatch running into her shoulder feels wanton.    Bound in a
bathtub and washed by my Mistress, thought Lisa, it feels so right.  My knees
are just a dull throb right now, but the pleasure I'm feeling is too intense, oh
my God, the water shooting in my pussy now is so erotic!  "Ahhhh," she sighed,
as her Mistress's nails massaged her scalp.  No one had bathed her since she was
a small child, and never like this.  By the third treatment she was on the verge
of an orgasm, and Daphne sensed it and backed away quickly, that was Master job
tonight.

Next mistress took her long wet hair and began to tightly braid it into a single
pony tail, for use later, and to keep hair neat until she decided how to
properly prepare it tomorrow.  She put on two coarse loofah mitts, and soaped
them up. 

She proceeded to scrub her down, rather roughly, starting at her face, and
working down front and back.  She was particularly harsh on her breasts and
nipples, leaving them rosy red, and Lisa panting in passion. She may be a pain
slut, thought Daphne, as the rough treatment was clearly arousing her.  She
bypassed her crotch after she scrubbed her ass thoroughly then proceeded to her
legs and feet.  With her pussy still unwashed, Daphne proceeded to rinse her
down, and she opened the oversized drain, and the water rapidly drained.  When
there was just the thin sheen from the sprayer left, she rinsed down her lower
legs that were trapped to the tub floor. 

Mistress turned the water off, stood up and took hold of the ponytail, tugging
backward she whispered into Lisa's ear, " Lean back pet, so I can secure
properly for the last part of your bath.  She attached the ponytail to the rear
rail with a short bungee cord she had next to the tub, effectively pulling her
head back, her ass down to her legs, and her arms stretched out in front of her. 
She was completely immobile with her legs spread and pussy gaping open six
inches above the bottom of the tub.

"Now pet a new rule to learn, as much as you want to cum like the bitch in heat
you are, slaves in training are not permitted to orgasm."  WHAT! Screamed Lisa's
mind, what do you mean I CAN"T CUM! 

Mistress continued, "failure to obey will result in punishment.  Since the
disobedience results in intense pleasure, realize the punishment is always the
complete opposite."  She smiled that devilish look at Lisa, and she saw Lisa's
fear.  She proceeded to turn the sprayer back on, and she aimed directly at
Lisa's crotch, blasting it hard with and intense pulsating spray.

Lisa gasped, as she heard, " You are ordered to get as close as possible to
orgasm, then scream, please stop Mistress I am going to cum, at the top of your
lungs.  If I feel you are close enough and the scream is loud enough, then I
will stop.  Remember, I know when a girl can't stop an oncoming orgasm, so pick
your moment carefully, or I will not stop, and you may fail." 

Daphne thought, that would be punishment for both of us slut, and I won't forget
it, if it happens. But she knew to do her job right she had to push Lisa hard.
She continued spraying the water jet up and down over her crotch, from her
blonde bush down to directly at her clit.  Every time the water moved down her
panting increased.

Lisa struggled mightily in her bonds, all her muscles tensing, getting close
then fighting the urge to come.   Finally she felt herself heading over the top,
and screamed what Mistress wanted, louder than she ever screamed before. 
Apparently she waited long enough because the water abruptly stopped, and the
coming orgasm receded, but the frustration was there, and she thought," Oh God,
why won't she let me cum!  Her body ached for release, she felt like she was on
the edge of releasing a lifetime of passion in one moment, and she was. 

Daphne put a loofah mitt on her right hand and soaped it up.  She then began a
vigorous scrubbing of her crotch, as if she wanted to strip her crotch from her
body.  The sensitive area was not ready for the onslaught, and her first
reaction was pure pain in her nether regions, but as Mistress continued the pain
subsided and heat began to build again.  This continued for about five minutes
until she felt she was going to explode again, and she screamed her plea out
again.  Daphne did not immediately stop, but at the second scream, that sounded
like a mortally wounded animal, and suddenly the assault ended.

As she was coming back to her senses Lisa could feel straps tightening on her
upper thighs as they were stretched even more to the sides of the tub.  Now
movement was completely impossible, as she felt something creamy massaged into
her pubic hair.  Daphne took her straight razor and proceeded to shave Lisa's
crotch.  To Lisa, whose two previous onslaughts nearly drove her mad, this was a
gentle relaxing moment.  As the hair was removed, she felt more naked than
before, and focused on remaining perfectly still as her pussy was dispatched of
it's protective fur.  Daphne loved shaving a pussy bare, making it look
prepubescent, and totally exposed, she was pleased that there were few hairs
around Lisa's labia and clit, they were far harder to remove.

When she was satisfied  that she had done as much as possible with her razor,
she laid it down next to the tub, and pulled a steaming towel from a container
and slapped it hard over Lisa's crotch, evoking a sudden scream from the bound
girl.  She left it there a few minutes as she got a magnifying glass and
tweezers, for the final phase.  When she removed the towel, she took her glass
in on hand and the tweezers in her other, and started a slow and meticulous
process of yanking out the stragglers.  It took her nearly half an hour to pull
the remaining hairs free, and Lisa yelped when ones on particularly sensitive
tissues were removed.

Finally Mistress spoke to her again, saying," Well don't we look nice and clean
down here now.  Eventually we will use electrolysis to permanently remove your
pussy hair and the rest of your body, and believe me I can tell you from
experience that it will be painful.  Now, I am going to release you, but do not
move until I order you to, and I expect you to thank me for cleaning you up so
nicely.  Any time anyone does anything to you, good or bad, thanks are expected,
do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress, Thank You Mistress!'  Lisa panted still straining from the
torment and strict bondage.  She then felt all her bonds being removed, and she
did her best to not move, but she couldn't help but slump as she remained on her
knees in the tub.  She was nearly exhausted, then she felt a hand grabs her
ponytail, and heard,"come with me pet, time to tuck you in, the night is nearly
over, though your training has just begun. 

Daphne tugged gently on the pony tail and used her free hand to help Lisa step
out of the tub, an she said," down on you hands and knees pet, crawl where I
lead you."  Lisa was almost relieved she had to crawl, she didn't think she had
the energy to walk upright.  Like a puppy on a leash, Daphne led Lisa to a door
and into the 'upstairs' dungeon, where a very special bed awaited her.

It was queen size with a hand and footboard that were designed as wooden stocks,
where the cutouts were near the corners for wrists and ankles.  They were lined
with padded leather and had the small top pieces at each cutout hinged open. 
She led Lisa to the bed, had her crawl up unto it and lay on her back.  First
she took a padded leather blindfold from the table next to the bed and put it on
Lisa, blocking all of Lisa's vision.  She then proceeded to secure her wrists
above her head, each cutout was designed like a pair of handcuffs that could
ratchet as tight as necessary to secure different size appendages. It had a
release on the inside of the board, so once secured, the slave could not reach
over the board to release him or herself.  She followed the same procedure at
all four corners and Lisa was securely spread out.  Next, Daphne pulled her
ponytail back and secured it to a bolt in the headboard, pulling Lisa's head
tight, so it could not move.  Finally she knelt at the side of the bed and
started turning a small wheel attached to the runner, this caused the middle of
the mattress to bulge upward at Lisa's ass. Raising her up in the middle until
she was completely taught and her pussy was nicely splayed for Master's arrival.

"Well pet, feeling comfy?  I'm sure your not, but eventually a position like
this will be considered a gift, as you will be in far more difficult 'binds'
most of the time."  She crawled between the splayed slave's legs and admired her
beautiful slit, still wet and aroused.  She licked her lips, and said, "  Now
remember what I said about cumming, because you are about to get your first
experience with a woman giving you oral pleasure.  Remember, embrace the
feelings, forget your past, and live in this moment."  She then dove into the
muff with vigor.

Lisa would have arched her back, if she could have moved at all, but all she
could do was tense her muscles as Mistress's lips, tongue and teeth assaulted
her pussy.  Her mind reeled, OH!  This feels wonderful, but she's a woman, it
can't be this good!  Forget your past, enjoy this, she is so good, I'm on fire,
yes, and make me cum....no! I can't cum, I'm not allowed!  Daphne worked her for
at least half an hour, taking her just to the edge and backing off, moving to
her thighs and belly until the passion subsided enough to attack her cunt again. 
Lisa never begged once, since Daphne never took quite that close before backing
off, but the cumulative effect was showing, Lisa's juices were so copious, she
was dripping onto the bed.  Where is John? Thought Daphne as she knew Lisa would
pop immediately if a cock were thrust into her twat.

Finally John entered the room , and gently tapped on Daphne's shoulder, and she
slid back and off the bed.

"NO Mistress, please don't stop!" Yelled Lisa.

"Silence slave! You did not have permission to speak, let alone make a demand!
That is a punishable offence, be silent!" Daphne exclaimed harshly.

"Sorry Mistress, forgive me Mistress, it just felt so good!" she panted.

Next thing she knew, someone grabbed her jaw, and forced something into her
mouth, her now dried and crusty panties!   Tape was used to secure them there.

"When I say silence, I mean it!  Three offenses in a minute, you will pay for
that SLUT!" Barked Daphne, knowing how that would scare her mightily.  Lisa lay
there cowering and adjusting to the taste of her panties in her mouth when she
felt someone kneel between her legs, someone different...MASTER!

Abruptly she felt the penis at the mouth of her cunt, and before she could
fathom what was to happen, he thrust forward violently, up to the hilt slamming
into her pelvis.  Air snorted from her nostrils and pain in her crotch, but
within a couple of seconds the explosion occurred.  Her nerve ending were so
primed and ready, that the orgasm hit her like a truck, and John clearly felt
her vaginal muscles contracting on his cock and the juices spurting down his
balls.  He was wearing a condom, since they did not know what type of birth
control she used, if any, and he did want her getting pregnant...yet.  He
withdrew until just his head was inside, but could tell the orgasm was still
racing through her, then thrust again.  He started a little slowly, but within
in a couple of minutes was pounding his cock in and out with fury.

Lisa's mind was gone, she had reached 'sub space' with this brutal rape of her
pussy, and felt like she was a cork bobbing in a violent sea of feelings.  She
was seeing stars and couldn't even think, she just focused on the feelings, as
multiple orgasms gripped her.  John pounded at her until he felt his balls
rumble to the breaking point, his final thrust upon cumming was to the hilt, and
he collapsed on top of her as her cunt instinctively milked him dry.  She felt
him collapse on her and knock the wind out her nostrils, but she was still
coming and barely noticed.

In a couple of minutes he pulled and got off the bed, where Daphne proceeded to
carefully remove the condom.  She tied the end off, to save it for Lisa's
breakfast.  She then knelt and lick his crotch clean of the juices Lisa's pussy
had leaked all over him.  He didn't say, a word, and when she was done, quietly
left the room, so Daphne could finish tucking Lisa in.

Daphne went to a cupboard and removed several items, and went back to the bed. 
First she said, "I am going to remove your gag, but remain silent, you are in
enough trouble."  Lisa didn't think too clearly, but felt so satisfied, yet so
empty since Master' cock left.  Was it Master's cock, God I hope so, if not
whose could it have been?  This was about the only thought her mind could
handle, at the moment, then she felt the tape and panties ripped from her mouth. 
Something replaced it immediately, it tasted like leather and once fastened in
place it filled her mouth completely, but it must have had a hole on it, because
she could breath through it.  Next she felt a headset going on her head and
covering her ears, and she soon heard the sound of waves on a beach, how
relaxing it was.

Now that her headgear was complete, Daphne began attaching her crotch harness, a
belt was cinched on her waste with a strap that came down from the back, right
between her ass cheeks.  Daphne was deft at putting the belt on, even in Lisa's
extremely tight state of bondage.  She then greased the extra small butt plug,
build her up slowly was the plan, tightness was nice for now.  She also greased
a small 5-inch dildo, with a special clitoral attachment, and she gently
inserted them, much to Lisa's surprise.  Once they were in place she brought the
center trap up and attached it to the front of the belt, locking the plugs in
place.

After making sure everything was just right, Daphne got up and said, " sweet
dreams little slave", into a small mike that communicated into Lisa's
headphones.

She went over to the computer on desk nearby, to make sure that the program was
set properly.  The sounds Lisa heard in the headphones were subliminal messages
that would reinforce her submission.  The plugs in her cunt and ass were remote
controlled and set to stimulate her every hour for fifteen minutes, then an hour
off.  She would get some rest tonight, but Daphne was sure she would fail the no
cum rule several times tonight, and would be more than ready in the morning to
start her proper training with the punishments she earned tonight.  She blew her
a kiss as she left her to the machines.

Lisa lay there trance like, and absorbed her situation, feeling fulfilled and
safe for the first time in years.




(Note to readers: Thank you for the wonderful emails and reviews.  This next
chapter is rather long and far harder than the previous ones, but I did try to
maintain my exploration of the submissive mindset.  I hope I succeeded.  The
next chapter will be called "Punishments", it will be obvious once you read this
one.)

Chapter 4: Mistress Takes Control of Lisa's Training

After Daphne left Lisa at the mercy of the computer she went to the kitchen
where John and Jack were talking as they sat next to a monitor showing their
fish in her net.  John looked happier than she had seen him in ages, it was
clear to her that Lisa had made a real impact on him, she worried he wouldn't be
able to be as disciplined as needed for her upcoming training.  Little did she
realize that the eventuality had already been resolved.

"Well John, " she said, temporarily dropping her subservient manner with him, "I
hope your apparent feelings for this girl doesn't spoil the opportunity to mold
her into the ideal slave.  She is quite special; I must say I have trained my
share of subs, but this one is the most natural I have ever encountered.  Did
you see how well behaved and obedient she was, right out of the gate!"

"Daphne, I have worked with her for a year, and noticed her submissive
tendencies early on, today, when she told me her history, I knew right then what
the possibilities were.  But I did not imagine she would be at this stage," he
pointed to the screen," this quickly, I figured a week or two of whetting her
appetite would be needed, apparently she was starved for it."

John pulled out his PDA and played the bathroom audio for Daphne, who just burst
into a big grin and said, "You know what they say about wishing for something,
you may just get it!"

Before she could voice her concerns, John and Jack explained why they played out
this scenario tonight, and what they wanted to do going forward.  This
immediately relieved her worries, and she told him she was glad he saw the
pitfalls to early involvement with her.  For the next forty-five odd minutes
they discussed what the training should entail, and came to the general
conclusion that for the first few days they would avoid administering pain, just
stick to stringent bondage, following directions, and a good dose of intense
orgasms.  What Daphne did not know was that John and Jack decided Lisa's first
experience with punishment would be with her as observer and Daphne as the
subject.

As the clock approached the end of Lisa's first hour bound to the bed since
Daphne left her, they adjusted the camera and audio for a close up facial shot
of her, to observe her reactions when the toys in her started up.  It was
apparent to the three observers when the moment came; she took a huge gulp of
air through the gag, and began breathing in short gasps.  Within a few minutes
it looked like she was fighting off her next orgasm, they panned back, the down
to focus on her crotch.

Finally she lost the battle, and they witnessed what John suspected while
fucking her, they could see her cunt pulsing and copious juices forcing it's way
from around the dildo and strap, soaking her inner thighs.  This girl had very
active vaginal muscles, and she was also could be made to ejaculate her vaginal
fluid. They all thought simultaneously, what a rare and great find this one was. 
She kept coming for nearly ten minutes, until the vibrators shut off, and was
still spasming for several minutes after, her whole body bathed in sweat.

After the first assault, Lisa, who thought Master's fucking took her as high a
she could go, began to realize that was not the case, she was able to go even
higher.  But she was failing, she wasn't allowed to come, that's what Mistress
said, and she lost count of how many times she did already.  Fear of punishment
was ripe in her mind, she knew it was coming, but what, when, how?  Too many
questions assaulted her, and exhaustion overcame her, as she dozed off from
exhaustion.

In the kitchen, the three were getting ready to call it a night; they all had
busy days ahead.  Daphne had a lot of work to do with Lisa, Jack would get the
paperwork ready for Lisa to sign over control of her life, so they could erase
her existence outside the mansion, and Jack needed to start the process of
finding another assistant at work, since Lisa had a new job.  John also planned
on clearing a couple of weeks from his calendar soon, so he could spend a good
amount of time with Lisa, once she finished Daphne's preliminary training.

They all retired and had a good's night sleep, as poor Lisa got short naps
between the assaults the little electronic invaders imposed on her throughout
the night.  As morning approached her grip on reality was slipping fast, as
orgasms erupted nearly the moment the toys sprang to life, it was all she could
do just to weather the physical assault on her body.

Daphne awoke at 7am so she could get Lisa cleaned up and fed, and down to the
basement dungeon before the day staff arrived to clean.  She quickly showered
the padded down to the kitchen for a quick bite, where she found John and Jack
watching the monitor and eating toast. 

"How's your pet doing John?"  She asked.

"Amazingly well, when the toys activated it looks like she went into immediate
orgasm, if that has been going on all night, I'm sure she will be quite
compliant when you release her.  Do you have a specific plan for today?"  He
asked smirking.

"Don't I always have a plan?" She said sarcastically.

"Don't forget you have already earned a punishment for yourself, just because I
have a new toy doesn't mean you have carte blanche slut!"  He said in a half
serious tone, thinking and it would be quite a visual experience for Lisa,
seeing how erotic and stimulating the proper use of pain can be.

She meekly replied, "Yes Sir, sorry Sir."  She got herself some cereal as she
started cooking some oatmeal for Lisa, when she was done eating and spooning the
gruel into a bowl for her pet, she produced the condom from last night, and
poured it's contents on top of the hot cereal.  John smiled, thinking she has
style, Daphne does, and I like how she works.  He then turned to Jack and said,
"Can you get Dave to prepare all the paperwork needed by the end of today?  Let
him know he will get a special treat at the next party for putting a rush on
it."

Jack replied, " You know he will, treat or not, but I'll give him the message as
you say."  Jack then left for the study where he would start the process of
eliminating Lisa's existence.  John headed for the door to leave for work and
said to Daphne as he was leaving, "Whip her into shape, the sooner the better,
after last night I want this one ready soon."  And he was gone.

Daphne took the tray to Lisa's room, as she entered she saw that Lisa was out
cold, as the toys were 15 minutes into the off cycle.  She disengaged the
computer, but left the earphones still playing the subliminal, as she prepared
to revive her.  First she went to the bathroom to make sure everything was ready
for post breakfast bath, enema, and douche.  Then she returned to Lisa's side,
and picked up the microphone.

"Good morning pet, are we ready for the first full day of slavery?"  She asked
into the mike.

Lisa was slow to stir, deeply exhausted, as Daphne expected.  So she flipped the
remote, activating her pet's toys, which got an immediate reaction, and repeated
her question, and saw Lisa trying to nod agreement.  She shut down the toys and
the tape she was listening to, and picked up the mike again.

"Now pet, I know you were disobedient, cumming like a bitch in heat all night
long, but don't worry about that for now.  You will pay later, and be taught how
to control your slutty disposition.  I am going to remove the blindfold, gag,
and headphones shortly.  I will then prop your head up and feed you some
breakfast, you will say nothing, just eat what you are fed.  When that is done,
you will be released from all other restraints, and allowed to use the bathroom. 
Understand?"

Lisa attempted to nod, but was rather restricted, and did not really succeed,
but Daphne knew she got the message.

She lowered the center of the bed relieving the tension in Lisa's body in
general, and then she manipulated another wheel at the front of the bed raising
her head up a few inches, but not enough to put stress on her arms and
shoulders.  Then she removed the headphones, gag, and finally the blindfold, as
Lisa worked her jaws silently from the ache the gag caused being on all night
long.  Daphne picked up the orange juice she brought for Lisa and put the straw
in the bound girl's mouth, and said," Here my little pet, I'm sure your parched,
and I have some nice hot oatmeal for you, plenty of vitamin's to keep up your
strength."

Lisa took a big sip, and Daphne pulled the straw away before she got as much as
she wanted, to start reinforcing that she would get only what her Masters deemed
necessary.  She started spooning her the oatmeal, and Lisa took it all
gratefully, but Daphne did notice that the first few spoons produced a strange
look on her face, but that faded after all Master's cum was consumed.  When the
bowl was empty, she offered her another drink, and she let her drain the glass
this time.

"Feel better now pet?"  Mistress asked in a warm soothing voice.

"Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress, " Lisa said in a more cheerful tone than
Daphne expected, I believe she really enjoys her new role, we'll see how well
she adapts as more discipline is added, she thought.

"Well, you probably don't realize this, but Master gave you a reward just now,"
Lisa looked puzzled as Daphne continued, " I guess you didn't notice that I
covered the top of your oatmeal with the seed he shot into the condom while
fucking you last night.  You must remember to thank him the next time you see
him, or any time he gives you a gift." 

The look on Lisa's face went from shock to a very pleased expression, as she
thought, I new it tasted strange, so that's what sperm tastes like, it will take
some getting used to, but at least I know it was Master who fucked me last
night!  How wonderful he is, I can't wait until we can make love more
intimately.  Then she realized she should respond and said, "Thank you Mistress,
I will thank him when I see him again!"

"Now pet, it's time to get up, go potty, and the get cleaned up before we start
your day.  If you are wondering about work, don't, your full time job has
changed, and you will be here with me going forward," smiled Daphne as she began
releasing Lisa's wrists and ankles from the bed, Lisa frowned a bit thinking, I
won't see Master during the day anymore?  Oh well, probably better this way, I
doubt I could concentrate on the job with Master there..

As she released her arms, Daphne slowly lowered them to Lisa's sides, knowing
the muscles would be stiff.  She allowed her a couple of minutes for circulation
to return to normal, as she undid the crotch strap and slid the dildo out of her
snatch.  It was soaked, belt, dildo, and pussy, and she could not resist the
urge to bend down, and give a slow lick up her lips, tasting the musky juices of
the still aroused girl.  Lisa cooed and her pussy pulsed from the feeling of
Mistress's tongue. Daphne then eased the butt plug out, and though it was small,
it was still flared, and Lisa gasped as it stretched her sphincter upon removal. 
Pulling the harness out from under her, as Lisa instinctively raised her hips
slightly to help, Daphne tossed it into a container by the bed for later
cleaning.

She helped Lisa first sit, then stand next to the bed, needing to help the
exhausted girl get balanced, and then she walked her to the bathroom.  Lisa
noticed something new about the tub; Daphne had attached a T-shaped and padded
bar to the tub.  It crossed the middle of the tub and was attached to the sides
about 18 inches from the bottom, and another bar jutted from the center of it
attached to the back of the tub, forming the T.  She led Lisa over to the
toilet, and said, "sit, and do your business quickly, don't expect privacy,
slaves must be able to do anything in the presence of their owners."  Daphne was
specific in the language she used, knowing that coupled with the subliminal
messages Lisa received all night, she was establishing the permanent mindset she
needed.

Lisa was uncomfortable and nervous as she sat on the toilet, thinking slave! She
keeps calling me slave, I guess that is what I am becoming, that's such a scary
thought.  Yesterday seems like another life, but I was so unhappy and scared. 
With Master and Mistress, she didn't realize how fully she accepted her role
thinking of John and Daphne that way so quickly, I feel safe and secure.  I'm
scared and excited at the same time, but my heart tells me I'm safe, and this is
where I need to be, but no privacy, even while I use the toilet!  My lord, what
next!  She then just tried to focus as she peed, then released her bowels. 
Daphne flushed the toilet, then made Lisa bend forward as she wiped the residue
from her ass and pussy.   Oh my!  They won't even let me wipe myself?

After flushing the toilet paper away, Daphne led her to the tub, and had her
kneel with her belly against the padded bar.  She proceeded to strap her ankles
and knees to the bottom of the tub again, Then pulled out two loose straps and
secured her upper thighs to the bar.  She gently nudged Lisa forward, bending
her over, until she was flat to the T bar, and the bar was nestled in her
cleavage.  Two more straps, and with an order to put her hands at her sides,
Daphne bound her torso flat to the bar at her waist and just below her
shoulders.  Lisa had to turn her head to the side, and lay it on the bar for a
semblance of comfort.  She was now ready for her douche and enema.

Daphne reached over and pulled the douching attachment and hose from it's hook
on the side of the tub, and turned on the water, making sure it was hot enough,
but not enough to burn.  She said, " Now slave, I am going to clean out that
dirty little pussy and nasty ass of yours, have you ever douched or had an
enema?"

"No Mistress, " Lisa replied, wondering what new and extremely intimate feeling
she was about to experience.  Douche, sure no problem, never had one before, but
that must feel nice.  But an Enema!  Fill my...ass... up with water, that's just
got to hurt!  Calm down, Mistress will take care of me, but what if this is a
punishment?  Stop, stop, and stop...just take one step at a time, thought Lisa
as her anxiety grew.

When the water temperature and pressure were what Daphne wanted she slowly
inserted the nozzle in Lisa's pussy and began to slowly work it in and out, the
water first filled, then spurted back out her sensitized genitals.  At first
Lisa felt a shock, as the hot water flowed through her pussy, but soon she was
in heaven, it felt wonderful and soothing, and her anxiety lessened.  Daphne
could sense her contentment, and thought yes my little slut, pleasure is good
for you now, you need to learn that we know what is best for you.  Even your
first enema will be mild and soothing, soon enough you will learn what can
really be inflicted on you.  Today is about easing you into accepting you no
longer have a choice, once you accept it completely, I will turn up the heat,
and she smiled.

After several minutes of pumping the nozzle in and out of the freshly aroused
slave tied to the tub, Daphne removed the nozzle, and Lisa sighed in
satisfaction, feeling the last of the warm water trickle out of her.  Her
mistress quickly filled a one quart enema bag with slightly soapy and very warm
water, attached the hose with the oversized bulb nozzle, and hung it from a hook
three feet above Lisa's backside.  She put a small amount of lubricant on her
index finger, and worked into Lisa's already loosened sphincter.  She slowly
worked the bulb into her anus, until the bulb popped in, causing the bound girl
to gasp, then relax, as it was pushed all the way in.  Daphne released the
catch, and the bottle quickly emptied into Lisa, at first anxious she soon found
the feeling pleasurable.  As soon as the bottle emptied, the urge to release it
began, but she heard, " now stay still pet, it must stay in there a few minutes
to really clean you out."

With the bulb end still in her butt, Lisa found by clenching her buttocks, she
could keep the urge to expel at bay with effort.  Daphne waited exactly five
minutes as she watched her Master's slave concentrate on keeping the enema in
her bowels.  When she felt the time had come she said, "time's up slave, when I
remove the nozzle, you will count to thirty out loud, and not too fast, then you
can release your grip, understood?"   Daphne smiled and thought I wonder if she
can do it, the urge to release is strong, and she's never done this?  At any
rate, if she fails it's added to her punishment list.

Lisa responded to the question with, "Yes Mistress," but thought, oh God!  It's
been hard enough with that hose in me, what will it be like when it's removed.
She didn't have long to wait, as she immediately felt it being drawn out of her. 
When the bulb reached the sphincter she started to clench tighter; Daphne felt
the resistance and knew what she was doing, so she gave a hard yank and the bulb
popped free.  A small amount of water came out before Lisa could clench again
and hold it back.

As soon as she felt composed, though she was under much more duress without the
bulb to help, she started counting, " One, two, three..." as she continued the
pressure mounted.  At twenty she was clearly battling as she forced the numbers
out methodically as instructed, then Daphne said, " when you reach thirty, stop
and await my command to release."  Lisa continued past twenty-five, now worried
if Mistress made her wait much longer she would explode.  Finally she said,
"thirty," and waited, holding back the urge with all her might.

Daphne waited just a few seconds, then said," release it slut!" 

Not even caring that she was still tied down in the tub, giving Daphne a clear
view of her spread ass, Lisa released her grip, and felt the relief as the enema
raced from her body.  It felt like the worst case of the runs she ever
experienced, she could soon smell the acrid aroma and feel the water as it
splashed on her legs before it sloshed down the drain behind her.  She felt
relief and revulsion, and a small measure of satisfaction that she didn't
disobey her Mistress. 

Daphne started the regular shower spray nozzle, and hosed down her pet's
backside and rinsed the floor of the tub as debris from her colon sloshed down
the drain.  Lisa soon found out that enemas don't all come out at once, when
Mistress pressed down on the small of her back giving her the urge to expel
more, she let it free, as she enjoyed the hot spray of water still rinsing her
off.  After several repetitions of this procedure, Daphne felt that it was all
out, and set about to releasing Lisa.  Once removed from the T and floor straps,
she had her sit back on her heels and she started to fill the tub, then she took
the T out of the tub, and directed Lisa to kneel in the center as the water
rose.

"Your reward little slave girl, for being so obedient this morning, is that you
can now enjoy your bath unbound.  Just stay in this position and follow my
orders exactly, or we can repeat last night's bath regimen." 

"Yes Mistress," Lisa said, as she thrilled at Mistress's pleasure and her
freedom from restraint.  She started thinking, I can do this, and I even like
it, just worrying about following Mistress's orders is so much better than all I
was worried about yesterday.  She settled in, and luxuriated in the feeling she
got as Daphne started to bathe her.

The first thing Daphne did was unbraid, then wash her hair again, only once this
time, as it was still clean from last night's more thorough cleaning.  Lisa,
much to her surprise, was disappointed that Mistress wasn't in the tub, nude
with her this time, she missed the feeling of her crotch rubbing into her
shoulder.  After the shampoo was rinsed from her hair, Daphne combed the long
blonde hair straight back, then used a specially designed clamp, extra strong in
it's grip, to hold her wet hair in a pony tail, setting the clamp at the back of
her head.  This kept her hair tight to her head as her long hair trailed down
her back.

The rest of the bath was uneventful, yet wonderful for the new slave, as she
thoroughly enjoyed the attention Mistress lavished on her.  Scrubbing and
cleaning her body of the residue from last night's exertions.  Finally she was
instructed to stand and face her Mistress, with legs parted in the tub, while
her still sensitive crotch was scrubbed clean.  This part ignited her sexual
arousal again, and Lisa began to wonder if she could possibly be aroused like
this all the time, what she didn't realize was that this was the plan.  When
Daphne was done, she opened the drain, and turned on the sprayer rinsing Lisa
down, from top her head to her toes.  The water was turned off and Daphne picked
up a large towel.

"Step out of the tub pet, and stand here, legs parted and hands at your sides,"
Daphne said.  Once Lisa was out of the tub, she proceeded to towel her off,
except for her hair, which she wanted to air dry.  Lisa loved every minute of
her treatment at Mistress's hands, and happily complied.  When she was dry,
Daphne took a one-inch wide collar and fastened it to Lisa's neck, it had a
metal ring, which Daphne centered at the front of her neck.  Next came leather
wrist and ankle bracelets, also with rings attached, Lisa loved the feel of the
leather on her skin.  Daphne stepped behind Lisa, and pulled her arms behind her
back, attaching a padlock to the rings on her wrist cuffs, locking her hands
behind her back, then knelt and attached an eighteen inch chain to her ankle
cuffs to hobble her.  Finally, she stepped back in front of her and clipped a
four foot chain leash to her collar's ring, holding the other end of the leash
she stepped back to admire her pet.

"This is how a proper slave should be dressed pet, now we are going to go down
to the main dungeon, your home for the next few weeks of training.  Be careful
how you walk, you don't have room to take long strides, and falling down with
your hands locked behind your back can be rather painful."  She smiled, and
said, "Follow me."

"Yes Mistress," Lisa said as she lurched forward as Mistress tugged on her
leash.  They left the bathroom, and Daphne stopped to lock the door, then they
proceeded down the hall to another locked door, which Mistress unlocked and
opened, revealing the top of a stairway.  Down they went, past the first floor,
and another long flight into the basement.  At the end of the stairs Mistress
opened a door, and they went in, Lisa's eyes went wide in wonderment,
trepidation, and fear.

The room was large, twenty feet wide and at least twice as long, with a high
ceiling.  It was a mix of medieval and modern, with rough stone walls, and heavy
wooden beams in the ceiling.  But it was the contents that worried Lisa, she saw
a rack, an X-shaped cross, a gyn table, and numerous benches and other things
she had never seen before.  Along the walls she saw whips, paddles, chains,
ropes and other unusual items hanging.  In the corner she saw a door leading to
what was apparently another bathroom, as she saw a sink and toilet through the
opening.  My 'home', she thought, it's a torture chamber!  For the first time
since agreeing to be here, she had serious doubts.  She stepped back against a
wall in fear, and Daphne noticed, fully expecting this reaction.

"Calm down pet," she cooed," you already know in your heart that you love what
happened to you last night.  This room can be scary at first, but you are
destined to serve our Master," she emphasized that word, " and I promise you
that you will come to enjoy, even crave being in here.  Though now it is
daunting and scary, it will become a comforting and safe place, where your true
desires and unfulfilled fantasies will become reality."  With that statement
said, she went to the fearful girl and hugged her.

Lisa was scared and confused, but Mistress's embrace chased her fears away, and
she began feeling safe again.  She thought, She feels so good, holding me like
this.  She has aroused me like no other, I must trust Mistress, and she wouldn't
harm me.  I need discipline, structure, and someone to control me, yesterday I
was a mess, and today I feel whole.  I must not let the fear of the unknown win,
follow, don't think! She settled down, and Daphne could feel her during the
embrace, start to relax.

"Today pet, we will begin with bondage 101.  You will start to learn the joy and
mental freedom that can be achieved, when you have no control of your body.  I
will bind you and leave you to revel in the sensations that submissives attain
with total surrender of control, do you understand?"  Daphne purred into Lisa's
ear then kissed it.

A little electric shock shot through Lisa with the kiss, and she responded, "Yes
Mistress, forgive me Mistress."

"Forgiven pet, I knew this room would shock you at first, just trust that Master
and I know what's best for you, and all will be fine."

With that said, she led Lisa to the middle of the room to an upright square
wooden frame with eyebolts attached all over it, and stood her in the middle of
it.

She said, "wait here, eyes down, you don't need to look and ponder about the
other toys yet, you will meet them all when you are ready."  She left Lisa there
while she gathered some equipment.

Soon Mistress returned and began binding her slave.  Standing behind her, she
took a wide leather belt, and passed it under her right arm, over the top of her
breasts, and back under her left arm, buckling it behind her back.  She took a
chain, and clipped it to a bolt over Lisa's head, it dangled a couple of inches
from the ring that was at the back of the belt, and pulling up on the belt she
clipped it to the chain. There was just enough tension to make sure Lisa stayed
upright, and the girl could feel the pressure on her shoulders and armpits. 
Next she felt her hair pulled back, and something clipping her ponytail to the
chain behind her head, forcing her to keep her head upright and facing forward. 
Next Daphne attached another chain to the padlock between Lisa's wrists, and the
other end of the chain to a ring in the floor behind her, pulling her arms back
from her body and increasing the tension on her shoulders slightly.  Lisa felt
Mistress take her left foot and slip on a shoe, it was a five inch spike heeled
pump that Daphne picked for her, with a ankle strap that prevented her from
kicking it off.  The same procedure was repeated on her right foot, this eased
the tension on her shoulders, as she was now taller, though she teetered,
thankful she didn't have to walk in these shoes.  Finally the hobble was
replaced with a two-foot spreader bar, once again increasing the tension she
felt on her shoulders.

Stepping back to admire her work, Daphne felt a couple of things needed
tweaking.  First she found a small ring gag, and inserted in the confused girl's
mouth, then strapped it behind her head and around the chain, locking her head
to the upright chain even tighter.  Then a full length mirror was placed just
far enough in front of Lisa so she could see herself, and Daphne killed all the
lights in the room, except for a spotlight above Lisa, so all she could see was
herself.

With that done she said, " I have some things to do, don't worry I will have an
eye on you, I want you to watch yourself, study the beauty of a woman in strict
bondage.  I will return soon to modify this, wouldn't want you to get too
comfortable.  Oh, and yes, with that form of gag, you will tend to drool, don't
try and fight it."  She smiled at Lisa, gently patted her rump then left the
girl to watch herself.

When she reached the library, she found Jack watching a monitor smiling, he
said, "you're a beautiful devil Daphne, I watched the whole scene from when you
entered the dungeon.  First calming her fears, then setting her up like that,
beautiful!"

"Thanks Jack, wait until I start the next round, the trick is in easing her into
it.  She is putty in my hands. I need to check on the maids, keep an eye on her
and let me know if she gets too distressed, I plan on going back down in an
hour."

"No problem, can't wait to see what comes next.  By the way, I will down to the
dungeon sometime between five and six, make sure she's in a position to sign a
few documents, John wants her mess cleaned up by the end of the week," Jack
said, then went back to his work.

"Not a problem Jack, I'll have her set up properly by then," smiled Daphne as
she headed to the kitchen.  Once there she found Marla, the leader of her
cleaning crew, and went over the day's cleaning duties, as was usual for her as
the Mistress of John's household.  Once she was satisfied with the delegation of
duties, she took her morning walkthrough of the house, so the cleaning crew
could see they were being monitored and would not slack in their duties.



Down in the dungeon, Lisa was learning to deal with her situation.  She realized
quite quickly that movement wasn't an option, attempts to adjust her position
caused her muscles and joints to hurt, so she concentrated on staying still. 
What truly amazed her was that looking at herself, trussed up as she was, she
felt sexier than ever.  Looking at her taught body, her freshly shaven mons, and
the high patent pumps she was wearing, she felt horny as hell.  Her thoughts
were all over the place, I live in a torture chamber, I am a slave, I must obey
Mistress and Master, and the thoughts pervaded her mind.  She was drooling from
her lower lip, and became fixated on the saliva trailing down her cleavage
towards her belly button.  The spotlight was very warm on her, and she could
feel the perspiration all over her body, making it tingle.  She studied the
'new' look of her crotch, and thought how bare and visible it was, just as
Master wants it, she thought happily.  She closed her eyes for a little while,
she was tired from lack of sleep, and began to doze off, letting the chain and
strap support her.

She snapped out of it suddenly when she felt a sharp pain from her nipples, her
eyes snapped open to see a stern looking Mistress staring at her, then down to a
wooden clothespin attached to each of her already erect nipples.

She looked back up at Mistress as she heard her say," this is a small punishment
for disobeying my orders.  You were told to observe yourself, not take a nap,
you lazy little slut!"  Lisa just moaned from the pain, as Mistress reached up
and just as quickly, yanked them off, without opening them, causing Lisa to
scream through her gag.  The effect was what Daphne wanted, a short burst of
pain to get her attention, she wasn't ready yet to give her extended pain of
this sort, but now she knew she was vulnerable to it.

Without saying another word, Mistress went to work on the first change of
position, starting with removing the spreader bar.  "Feet together," was her
command and Lisa obeyed, lessening the tension on her shoulders again.  Daphne
used a two-ended hook to secure Lisa's right ankle to an eyebolt on the floor,
then she got a length of sturdy rope, and tied it the ring on her left ankle,
and threaded it through an eyebolt a foot off the floor on the frame.  She began
to pull the rope through the eyebolt, and Lisa realized her left foot was
leaving the floor.  When her leg was at a forty-five degree angle, and dangling
above the floor, she tied it off, leaving Lisa standing on just her right leg.

Daphne stepped back and looked pleased, Lisa's pussy was gaping open, so she
dipped her index finger in it, up to the knuckle.  Lisa gasped, but loved the
feeling of her Mistress's finger in her pussy, she watched fascinated as it was
withdrawn, and Mistress sucked the finger into her mouth.

"Horny slave pussy always tastes best," she smiled sweetly after she took the
finger out of her mouth.  "Bet you would like something to keep that pussy
company, I have just the thing,' and she disappeared from Lisa's sight for a
moment.  When she returned she was holding a short pole with a three-legged base
that she positioned next to Lisa's right leg, directly under her gaping slit. 
Then she saw her pull out a slim dildo, trying hard to look down, with her head
still forced upright, she saw her attach it to the pole.  She felt it nudge,
then enter her pussy, until it hit her cervix, and it was locked in place
somehow.  As Mistress stepped aside, she could see the dildo buried in her, and
thought how strange she looked.

"Now, this time I expect you stay awake and study yourself carefully, no
napping, I will return soon," and she left the girl to her thoughts.

Lisa was awash in an emotional maelstrom, the memory and pain of the clothespins
were not forgotten.  The stress on her suspended leg took some getting used to,
as well as the extra pressure on her right foot, holding all her weight.  She
was uncomfortable, as was Daphne's intent as a huge part of her training, slaves
were not meant to be 'comfortable'.  Comfort was a gift to be earned, she needed
to learn to live under duress, so she could properly appreciate the limited
freedom she would receive at her Master's discretion.

I feel like a puppet, maybe that's what I am, she thought as she studied the new
position she was in, this is definitely more difficult than the last position,
but I can handle it.  Little did she realize that her thoughts were exactly what
Daphne wanted, slowly increasing the intensity of her bondage, so she could cope
and accept it. 

This time Lisa dared not doze off, tired and stretched as she was, she fought to
stay conscious.  This position helped, since she felt more of a need to stay
balanced, she was afraid to move at all with the dildo buried in her.  She
started to think about what would be next, hoping the other leg wouldn't get
hoisted, and make her fully suspended.   She definitely didn't like those
clothespins and started thinking again about the 'punishment' she had already
earned, was that part of it? Time started to drag, when she heard footsteps
approaching her.

"Well done pet, you are doing just fine, ready for lunch?"  Daphne had brought
another bowl of oatmeal, and placed it just out of Lisa's sight.  She removed
her gag, and Lisa licked her lips to try and clean up the drool on her chin. 
Daphne took a cloth napkin and finished the job for her, then she put a straw to
her mouth and said, "Take a sip I know you need it."

Lisa took a swig, then the straw was removed, and she said, "Thank you
Mistress,"

"Now eat all your lunch and you can have another drink when you are done,"
Daphne said, as she started spooning the oatmeal into Lisa's mouth again.  Lisa
was shocked, thinking, oatmeal again?  I don't even like it, but I'm so hungry,
as she started to eat what was offered.  Then she thought, she's not even
releasing me to eat, oh yeah, I was tied down for breakfast too.  This isn't so
bad. After a few minutes the bowl was empty, and Lisa got the chance to drain
the water Lisa offered her.

Daphne then produced a head harness with a gag that she attached to the slave's
face.  It buckled on top and behind her head, as well as under her chin.  The
ball was small to start, since she would be wearing it most of the afternoon,
but the straps that came up the sides of her face had blinders attached,
blocking her peripheral vision.  When it was fastened and snugged properly,
Daphne kneeled and removed the dildo, putting the stand aside.  She then began
eating Lisa's pussy, this caught the slave by surprise, and within a few minutes
she was moaning in the throes of a pre-orgasm.  She fought to resist what was
approaching, but she was doomed to fail with Daphne's experienced tongue
assaulting her exposed clit.  When she came, she drenched Daphne's face, as the
Mistress expected, but she stopped abruptly and stood to face Lisa.

The girl was still cumming when Daphne yelled right in her face, " Bitch, look
what you did to my makeup, what a slut, can't even take a little tongue without
flooding the room.  I was going to go easy on you today, but you earned some
punishment."  That wasn't really the case, Daphne scripted this perfectly,
wanting to suspend her completely, she knew that would be a lot for such a
novice.  By calling it a punishment, the girl would be more accepting of what
was to come, she just experienced another orgasm and felt like she disappointed
her Mistress.

Daphne released the hook holding her right ankle, and attached rope as she did
on the other side earlier.  Lisa was scared to death, realizing what was going
to happen, but what she did to Mistress made her feel she earned this
'punishment.'  She braced herself as best as possible, as Mistress started
pulling the rope on her right foot, as it slid side ways and off the ground, she
grunted as all her weight settled into her armpits and shoulder.  As Daphne tied
off the rope, Lisa looked at her reflection, legs splayed at a ninety-degree
angle now, and her pussy wide open and glaring at her, she thought damn you! 
You must learn to control yourself!  As if her pussy were a separate being, with
a mind of it's own.

Mistress strolled back to face her, reaching between Lisa's legs, she started
teasing her pussy and clit.  Bending down slightly, remaining silent, Mistress
took one nipple in her mouth and the other in her free hand.  She worked Lisa
right back up to another orgasm, as Lisa tried to deal with the pain in her
shoulders, while her erogenous zones were under assault again.  Her mind was
reeling, as she silently cursed her body for being so responsive, don't you
realize I'm NOT allowed to orgasm! Again, the battle was futile, Daphne was too
good, this time she didn't stop when it started and her juices began gushing. 
Lisa's mind was gone, residing totally in submissive heaven, stressed, pained,
and pleasured all at once.

When Daphne finally tired of this game, many minutes later, Lisa was close to
blacking out from the sensations.  Mistress stepped back and watched as the last
waves of orgasm faded from Lisa, and she smiled at the puddle of pussy juice on
the floor.  She considered that keeping Lisa like this too long could cause
damage, so she decided she would release her in fifteen minutes, but said," I'm
going to leave you like this slut, while I get cleaned up.  I'll be back in an
hour or two."  She then went to the dungeon's bathroom to clean up.

Lisa was starting to panic, as the glow of the orgasm faded, the pain in her
shoulders increased and her hands were numb, staying like this for hours would
kill her.  She felt like a failure, maybe she should die, failing Mistress's
orders not to cum was weak.  She determined to take her punishment, as she felt
she deserved it.  Even Daphne did not imagine how far into the slave mindset
Lisa had descended.

When the fifteen minutes were up, Daphne appeared again in front of Lisa, and
continued the good Mistress bad Mistress game by saying," I'm feeling generous
slut.  You may deserve a severe punishment, but this is too much.  I'm going to
release you and let you rest a bit, after you choose an alternate punishment of
course.  It will be delivered this evening, now I know you saw some of the toys
here in the dungeon, I'm sure you will pick something appropriate."

She released each of her legs, and Lisa was grateful that the pressure subsided
in her shoulders.  Next, Mistress released the chain holding her wrists to the
floor, but left them locked behind her back.  She removed the gag and clamp
holding her head to the chain, and it slumped forward a bit.  She then said,"
I'm going to release the chain holding you up, don't worry I'm right here in
front of you, and I won't let you fall."  With that said, she reached behind her
and undid the link holding the belt to the chain, and Lisa stumbled forward a
bit, into Mistress's embrace.

Daphne helped her as she stumbled forward on her spiked heels as she was led
over to a low padded bench, three feet wide by six feet long.  She released her
wrists, and guided her down on her back on the bench, Lisa thought that lying
down was wonderful.  Daphne proceeded to attach all four cuffs to the rings at
the edge of the bench, her hands at her sides and her feet spread to the
corners.  She then pulled straps up that were attached to the sides of the bench
and buckled her tight, above and below her breasts, and over her thighs and
shins.  She was again totally immobile, but to Lisa it was wonderful, she could
relax and rest, if Mistress lets me she thought hopefully.

"Now you are granted a nap, but first you must pick what form of punishment you
should receive tonight."  Daphne smiled as she said it.

"Whip me Mistress, whip me hard, I deserve it," Lisa said flatly, thinking I saw
all those whips, I know they hurt, and I want pain.  That's the only way I can
cleanse myself of that nasty pussy of mine!  Then she blurted, "Whip my pussy
Mistress, she's the reason I can't follow your orders properly!"

Daphne was shocked and pleased all at once, thinking this one is unreal!  I have
to call John, she keeps exceeding our expectations!  A couple of days of this
and she will be more than ready to serve him.  I wasn't going to pull out a whip
for at least a week, hell I expected her to maybe ask for the nipple clamps
again, but this is better!  She quickly composed herself, and said," I will
grant that request slave, and you are right, your pussy does betray you.  Now
you have permission to take a nap."  She then placed the headphones on her head
again, and started the subliminal tape, even though she was beginning to wonder
if it was even necessary, she was a true natural.  She left the dungeon, heading
for the study to call John.  Tonight will be quite a spectacle she thought,
though she didn't realize what John and Jack had in mind, it would be two
spectacles.





 







 



































(Note to readers: Thank you for the wonderful emails and reviews.  This next
chapter is rather long and far harder than the previous ones, but I did try to
maintain my exploration of the submissive mindset.  I hope I succeeded.  The
next chapter will be called "Punishments", it will be obvious once you read this
one.)

Chapter 4: Lisa's Training Begins

After Daphne left Lisa at the mercy of the computer she went to the kitchen
where John and Jack were talking as they sat next to a monitor showing their
fish in her net.  John looked happier than she had seen him in ages, it was
clear to her that Lisa had made a real impact on him, she worried he wouldn't be
able to be as disciplined as needed for her upcoming training.  Little did she
realize that the eventuality had already been resolved.

"Well John, " she said, temporarily dropping her subservient manner with him, "I
hope your apparent feelings for this girl doesn't spoil the opportunity to mold
her into the ideal slave.  She is quite special; I must say I have trained my
share of subs, but this one is the most natural I have ever encountered.  Did
you see how well behaved and obedient she was, right out of the gate!"

"Daphne, I have worked with her for a year, and noticed her submissive
tendencies early on, today, when she told me her history, I knew right then what
the possibilities were.  But I did not imagine she would be at this stage," he
pointed to the screen," this quickly, I figured a week or two of whetting her
appetite would be needed, apparently she was starved for it."

John pulled out his PDA and played the bathroom audio for Daphne, who just burst
into a big grin and said, "You know what they say about wishing for something,
you may just get it!"

Before she could voice her concerns, John and Jack explained why they played out
this scenario tonight, and what they wanted to do going forward.  This
immediately relieved her worries, and she told him she was glad he saw the
pitfalls to early involvement with her.  For the next forty-five odd minutes
they discussed what the training should entail, and came to the general
conclusion that for the first few days they would avoid administering pain, just
stick to stringent bondage, following directions, and a good dose of intense
orgasms.  What Daphne did not know was that John and Jack decided Lisa's first
experience with punishment would be with her as observer and Daphne as the
subject.

As the clock approached the end of Lisa's first hour bound to the bed since
Daphne left her, they adjusted the camera and audio for a close up facial shot
of her, to observe her reactions when the toys in her started up.  It was
apparent to the three observers when the moment came; she took a huge gulp of
air through the gag, and began breathing in short gasps.  Within a few minutes
it looked like she was fighting off her next orgasm, they panned back, the down
to focus on her crotch.

Finally she lost the battle, and they witnessed what John suspected while
fucking her, they could see her cunt pulsing and copious juices forcing it's way
from around the dildo and strap, soaking her inner thighs.  This girl had very
active vaginal muscles, and she was also could be made to ejaculate her vaginal
fluid. They all thought simultaneously, what a rare and great find this one was. 
She kept coming for nearly ten minutes, until the vibrators shut off, and was
still spasming for several minutes after, her whole body bathed in sweat.

After the first assault, Lisa, who thought Master's fucking took her as high a
she could go, began to realize that was not the case, she was able to go even
higher.  But she was failing, she wasn't allowed to come, that's what Mistress
said, and she lost count of how many times she did already.  Fear of punishment
was ripe in her mind, she knew it was coming, but what, when, how?  Too many
questions assaulted her, and exhaustion overcame her, as she dozed off from
exhaustion.

In the kitchen, the three were getting ready to call it a night; they all had
busy days ahead.  Daphne had a lot of work to do with Lisa, Jack would get the
paperwork ready for Lisa to sign over control of her life, so they could erase
her existence outside the mansion, and Jack needed to start the process of
finding another assistant at work, since Lisa had a new job.  John also planned
on clearing a couple of weeks from his calendar soon, so he could spend a good
amount of time with Lisa, once she finished Daphne's preliminary training.

They all retired and had a good's night sleep, as poor Lisa got short naps
between the assaults the little electronic invaders imposed on her throughout
the night.  As morning approached her grip on reality was slipping fast, as
orgasms erupted nearly the moment the toys sprang to life, it was all she could
do just to weather the physical assault on her body.

Daphne awoke at 7am so she could get Lisa cleaned up and fed, and down to the
basement dungeon before the day staff arrived to clean.  She quickly showered
the padded down to the kitchen for a quick bite, where she found John and Jack
watching the monitor and eating toast. 

"How's your pet doing John?"  She asked.

"Amazingly well, when the toys activated it looks like she went into immediate
orgasm, if that has been going on all night, I'm sure she will be quite
compliant when you release her.  Do you have a specific plan for today?"  He
asked smirking.

"Don't I always have a plan?" She said sarcastically.

"Don't forget you have already earned a punishment for yourself, just because I
have a new toy doesn't mean you have carte blanche slut!"  He said in a half
serious tone, thinking and it would be quite a visual experience for Lisa,
seeing how erotic and stimulating the proper use of pain can be.

She meekly replied, "Yes Sir, sorry Sir."  She got herself some cereal as she
started cooking some oatmeal for Lisa, when she was done eating and spooning the
gruel into a bowl for her pet, she produced the condom from last night, and
poured it's contents on top of the hot cereal.  John smiled, thinking she has
style, Daphne does, and I like how she works.  He then turned to Jack and said,
"Can you get Dave to prepare all the paperwork needed by the end of today?  Let
him know he will get a special treat at the next party for putting a rush on
it."

Jack replied, " You know he will, treat or not, but I'll give him the message as
you say."  Jack then left for the study where he would start the process of
eliminating Lisa's existence.  John headed for the door to leave for work and
said to Daphne as he was leaving, "Whip her into shape, the sooner the better,
after last night I want this one ready soon."  And he was gone.

Daphne took the tray to Lisa's room, as she entered she saw that Lisa was out
cold, as the toys were 15 minutes into the off cycle.  She disengaged the
computer, but left the earphones still playing the subliminal, as she prepared
to revive her.  First she went to the bathroom to make sure everything was ready
for post breakfast bath, enema, and douche.  Then she returned to Lisa's side,
and picked up the microphone.

"Good morning pet, are we ready for the first full day of slavery?"  She asked
into the mike.

Lisa was slow to stir, deeply exhausted, as Daphne expected.  So she flipped the
remote, activating her pet's toys, which got an immediate reaction, and repeated
her question, and saw Lisa trying to nod agreement.  She shut down the toys and
the tape she was listening to, and picked up the mike again.

"Now pet, I know you were disobedient, cumming like a bitch in heat all night
long, but don't worry about that for now.  You will pay later, and be taught how
to control your slutty disposition.  I am going to remove the blindfold, gag,
and headphones shortly.  I will then prop your head up and feed you some
breakfast, you will say nothing, just eat what you are fed.  When that is done,
you will be released from all other restraints, and allowed to use the bathroom. 
Understand?"

Lisa attempted to nod, but was rather restricted, and did not really succeed,
but Daphne knew she got the message.

She lowered the center of the bed relieving the tension in Lisa's body in
general, and then she manipulated another wheel at the front of the bed raising
her head up a few inches, but not enough to put stress on her arms and
shoulders.  Then she removed the headphones, gag, and finally the blindfold, as
Lisa worked her jaws silently from the ache the gag caused being on all night
long.  Daphne picked up the orange juice she brought for Lisa and put the straw
in the bound girl's mouth, and said," Here my little pet, I'm sure your parched,
and I have some nice hot oatmeal for you, plenty of vitamin's to keep up your
strength."

Lisa took a big sip, and Daphne pulled the straw away before she got as much as
she wanted, to start reinforcing that she would get only what her Masters deemed
necessary.  She started spooning her the oatmeal, and Lisa took it all
gratefully, but Daphne did notice that the first few spoons produced a strange
look on her face, but that faded after all Master's cum was consumed.  When the
bowl was empty, she offered her another drink, and she let her drain the glass
this time.

"Feel better now pet?"  Mistress asked in a warm soothing voice.

"Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress, " Lisa said in a more cheerful tone than
Daphne expected, I believe she really enjoys her new role, we'll see how well
she adapts as more discipline is added, she thought.

"Well, you probably don't realize this, but Master gave you a reward just now,"
Lisa looked puzzled as Daphne continued, " I guess you didn't notice that I
covered the top of your oatmeal with the seed he shot into the condom while
fucking you last night.  You must remember to thank him the next time you see
him, or any time he gives you a gift." 

The look on Lisa's face went from shock to a very pleased expression, as she
thought, I new it tasted strange, so that's what sperm tastes like, it will take
some getting used to, but at least I know it was Master who fucked me last
night!  How wonderful he is, I can't wait until we can make love more
intimately.  Then she realized she should respond and said, "Thank you Mistress,
I will thank him when I see him again!"

"Now pet, it's time to get up, go potty, and the get cleaned up before we start
your day.  If you are wondering about work, don't, your full time job has
changed, and you will be here with me going forward," smiled Daphne as she began
releasing Lisa's wrists and ankles from the bed, Lisa frowned a bit thinking, I
won't see Master during the day anymore?  Oh well, probably better this way, I
doubt I could concentrate on the job with Master there..

As she released her arms, Daphne slowly lowered them to Lisa's sides, knowing
the muscles would be stiff.  She allowed her a couple of minutes for circulation
to return to normal, as she undid the crotch strap and slid the dildo out of her
snatch.  It was soaked, belt, dildo, and pussy, and she could not resist the
urge to bend down, and give a slow lick up her lips, tasting the musky juices of
the still aroused girl.  Lisa cooed and her pussy pulsed from the feeling of
Mistress's tongue. Daphne then eased the butt plug out, and though it was small,
it was still flared, and Lisa gasped as it stretched her sphincter upon removal. 
Pulling the harness out from under her, as Lisa instinctively raised her hips
slightly to help, Daphne tossed it into a container by the bed for later
cleaning.

She helped Lisa first sit, then stand next to the bed, needing to help the
exhausted girl get balanced, and then she walked her to the bathroom.  Lisa
noticed something new about the tub; Daphne had attached a T-shaped and padded
bar to the tub.  It crossed the middle of the tub and was attached to the sides
about 18 inches from the bottom, and another bar jutted from the center of it
attached to the back of the tub, forming the T.  She led Lisa over to the
toilet, and said, "sit, and do your business quickly, don't expect privacy,
slaves must be able to do anything in the presence of their owners."  Daphne was
specific in the language she used, knowing that coupled with the subliminal
messages Lisa received all night, she was establishing the permanent mindset she
needed.

Lisa was uncomfortable and nervous as she sat on the toilet, thinking slave! She
keeps calling me slave, I guess that is what I am becoming, that's such a scary
thought.  Yesterday seems like another life, but I was so unhappy and scared. 
With Master and Mistress, she didn't realize how fully she accepted her role
thinking of John and Daphne that way so quickly, I feel safe and secure.  I'm
scared and excited at the same time, but my heart tells me I'm safe, and this is
where I need to be, but no privacy, even while I use the toilet!  My lord, what
next!  She then just tried to focus as she peed, then released her bowels. 
Daphne flushed the toilet, then made Lisa bend forward as she wiped the residue
from her ass and pussy.   Oh my!  They won't even let me wipe myself?

After flushing the toilet paper away, Daphne led her to the tub, and had her
kneel with her belly against the padded bar.  She proceeded to strap her ankles
and knees to the bottom of the tub again, Then pulled out two loose straps and
secured her upper thighs to the bar.  She gently nudged Lisa forward, bending
her over, until she was flat to the T bar, and the bar was nestled in her
cleavage.  Two more straps, and with an order to put her hands at her sides,
Daphne bound her torso flat to the bar at her waist and just below her
shoulders.  Lisa had to turn her head to the side, and lay it on the bar for a
semblance of comfort.  She was now ready for her douche and enema.

Daphne reached over and pulled the douching attachment and hose from it's hook
on the side of the tub, and turned on the water, making sure it was hot enough,
but not enough to burn.  She said, " Now slave, I am going to clean out that
dirty little pussy and nasty ass of yours, have you ever douched or had an
enema?"

"No Mistress, " Lisa replied, wondering what new and extremely intimate feeling
she was about to experience.  Douche, sure no problem, never had one before, but
that must feel nice.  But an Enema!  Fill my...ass... up with water, that's just
got to hurt!  Calm down, Mistress will take care of me, but what if this is a
punishment?  Stop, stop, and stop...just take one step at a time, thought Lisa
as her anxiety grew.

When the water temperature and pressure were what Daphne wanted she slowly
inserted the nozzle in Lisa's pussy and began to slowly work it in and out, the
water first filled, then spurted back out her sensitized genitals.  At first
Lisa felt a shock, as the hot water flowed through her pussy, but soon she was
in heaven, it felt wonderful and soothing, and her anxiety lessened.  Daphne
could sense her contentment, and thought yes my little slut, pleasure is good
for you now, you need to learn that we know what is best for you.  Even your
first enema will be mild and soothing, soon enough you will learn what can
really be inflicted on you.  Today is about easing you into accepting you no
longer have a choice, once you accept it completely, I will turn up the heat,
and she smiled.

After several minutes of pumping the nozzle in and out of the freshly aroused
slave tied to the tub, Daphne removed the nozzle, and Lisa sighed in
satisfaction, feeling the last of the warm water trickle out of her.  Her
mistress quickly filled a one quart enema bag with slightly soapy and very warm
water, attached the hose with the oversized bulb nozzle, and hung it from a hook
three feet above Lisa's backside.  She put a small amount of lubricant on her
index finger, and worked into Lisa's already loosened sphincter.  She slowly
worked the bulb into her anus, until the bulb popped in, causing the bound girl
to gasp, then relax, as it was pushed all the way in.  Daphne released the
catch, and the bottle quickly emptied into Lisa, at first anxious she soon found
the feeling pleasurable.  As soon as the bottle emptied, the urge to release it
began, but she heard, " now stay still pet, it must stay in there a few minutes
to really clean you out."

With the bulb end still in her butt, Lisa found by clenching her buttocks, she
could keep the urge to expel at bay with effort.  Daphne waited exactly five
minutes as she watched her Master's slave concentrate on keeping the enema in
her bowels.  When she felt the time had come she said, "time's up slave, when I
remove the nozzle, you will count to thirty out loud, and not too fast, then you
can release your grip, understood?"   Daphne smiled and thought I wonder if she
can do it, the urge to release is strong, and she's never done this?  At any
rate, if she fails it's added to her punishment list.

Lisa responded to the question with, "Yes Mistress," but thought, oh God!  It's
been hard enough with that hose in me, what will it be like when it's removed.
She didn't have long to wait, as she immediately felt it being drawn out of her. 
When the bulb reached the sphincter she started to clench tighter; Daphne felt
the resistance and knew what she was doing, so she gave a hard yank and the bulb
popped free.  A small amount of water came out before Lisa could clench again
and hold it back.

As soon as she felt composed, though she was under much more duress without the
bulb to help, she started counting, " One, two, three..." as she continued the
pressure mounted.  At twenty she was clearly battling as she forced the numbers
out methodically as instructed, then Daphne said, " when you reach thirty, stop
and await my command to release."  Lisa continued past twenty-five, now worried
if Mistress made her wait much longer she would explode.  Finally she said,
"thirty," and waited, holding back the urge with all her might.

Daphne waited just a few seconds, then said," release it slut!" 

Not even caring that she was still tied down in the tub, giving Daphne a clear
view of her spread ass, Lisa released her grip, and felt the relief as the enema
raced from her body.  It felt like the worst case of the runs she ever
experienced, she could soon smell the acrid aroma and feel the water as it
splashed on her legs before it sloshed down the drain behind her.  She felt
relief and revulsion, and a small measure of satisfaction that she didn't
disobey her Mistress. 

Daphne started the regular shower spray nozzle, and hosed down her pet's
backside and rinsed the floor of the tub as debris from her colon sloshed down
the drain.  Lisa soon found out that enemas don't all come out at once, when
Mistress pressed down on the small of her back giving her the urge to expel
more, she let it free, as she enjoyed the hot spray of water still rinsing her
off.  After several repetitions of this procedure, Daphne felt that it was all
out, and set about to releasing Lisa.  Once removed from the T and floor straps,
she had her sit back on her heels and she started to fill the tub, then she took
the T out of the tub, and directed Lisa to kneel in the center as the water
rose.

"Your reward little slave girl, for being so obedient this morning, is that you
can now enjoy your bath unbound.  Just stay in this position and follow my
orders exactly, or we can repeat last night's bath regimen." 

"Yes Mistress," Lisa said, as she thrilled at Mistress's pleasure and her
freedom from restraint.  She started thinking, I can do this, and I even like
it, just worrying about following Mistress's orders is so much better than all I
was worried about yesterday.  She settled in, and luxuriated in the feeling she
got as Daphne started to bathe her.

The first thing Daphne did was unbraid, then wash her hair again, only once this
time, as it was still clean from last night's more thorough cleaning.  Lisa,
much to her surprise, was disappointed that Mistress wasn't in the tub, nude
with her this time, she missed the feeling of her crotch rubbing into her
shoulder.  After the shampoo was rinsed from her hair, Daphne combed the long
blonde hair straight back, then used a specially designed clamp, extra strong in
it's grip, to hold her wet hair in a pony tail, setting the clamp at the back of
her head.  This kept her hair tight to her head as her long hair trailed down
her back.

The rest of the bath was uneventful, yet wonderful for the new slave, as she
thoroughly enjoyed the attention Mistress lavished on her.  Scrubbing and
cleaning her body of the residue from last night's exertions.  Finally she was
instructed to stand and face her Mistress, with legs parted in the tub, while
her still sensitive crotch was scrubbed clean.  This part ignited her sexual
arousal again, and Lisa began to wonder if she could possibly be aroused like
this all the time, what she didn't realize was that this was the plan.  When
Daphne was done, she opened the drain, and turned on the sprayer rinsing Lisa
down, from top her head to her toes.  The water was turned off and Daphne picked
up a large towel.

"Step out of the tub pet, and stand here, legs parted and hands at your sides,"
Daphne said.  Once Lisa was out of the tub, she proceeded to towel her off,
except for her hair, which she wanted to air dry.  Lisa loved every minute of
her treatment at Mistress's hands, and happily complied.  When she was dry,
Daphne took a one-inch wide collar and fastened it to Lisa's neck, it had a
metal ring, which Daphne centered at the front of her neck.  Next came leather
wrist and ankle bracelets, also with rings attached, Lisa loved the feel of the
leather on her skin.  Daphne stepped behind Lisa, and pulled her arms behind her
back, attaching a padlock to the rings on her wrist cuffs, locking her hands
behind her back, then knelt and attached an eighteen inch chain to her ankle
cuffs to hobble her.  Finally, she stepped back in front of her and clipped a
four foot chain leash to her collar's ring, holding the other end of the leash
she stepped back to admire her pet.

"This is how a proper slave should be dressed pet, now we are going to go down
to the main dungeon, your home for the next few weeks of training.  Be careful
how you walk, you don't have room to take long strides, and falling down with
your hands locked behind your back can be rather painful."  She smiled, and
said, "Follow me."

"Yes Mistress," Lisa said as she lurched forward as Mistress tugged on her
leash.  They left the bathroom, and Daphne stopped to lock the door, then they
proceeded down the hall to another locked door, which Mistress unlocked and
opened, revealing the top of a stairway.  Down they went, past the first floor,
and another long flight into the basement.  At the end of the stairs Mistress
opened a door, and they went in, Lisa's eyes went wide in wonderment,
trepidation, and fear.

The room was large, twenty feet wide and at least twice as long, with a high
ceiling.  It was a mix of medieval and modern, with rough stone walls, and heavy
wooden beams in the ceiling.  But it was the contents that worried Lisa, she saw
a rack, an X-shaped cross, a gyn table, and numerous benches and other things
she had never seen before.  Along the walls she saw whips, paddles, chains,
ropes and other unusual items hanging.  In the corner she saw a door leading to
what was apparently another bathroom, as she saw a sink and toilet through the
opening.  My 'home', she thought, it's a torture chamber!  For the first time
since agreeing to be here, she had serious doubts.  She stepped back against a
wall in fear, and Daphne noticed, fully expecting this reaction.

"Calm down pet," she cooed," you already know in your heart that you love what
happened to you last night.  This room can be scary at first, but you are
destined to serve our Master," she emphasized that word, " and I promise you
that you will come to enjoy, even crave being in here.  Though now it is
daunting and scary, it will become a comforting and safe place, where your true
desires and unfulfilled fantasies will become reality."  With that statement
said, she went to the fearful girl and hugged her.

Lisa was scared and confused, but Mistress's embrace chased her fears away, and
she began feeling safe again.  She thought, She feels so good, holding me like
this.  She has aroused me like no other, I must trust Mistress, and she wouldn't
harm me.  I need discipline, structure, and someone to control me, yesterday I
was a mess, and today I feel whole.  I must not let the fear of the unknown win,
follow, don't think! She settled down, and Daphne could feel her during the
embrace, start to relax.

"Today pet, we will begin with bondage 101.  You will start to learn the joy and
mental freedom that can be achieved, when you have no control of your body.  I
will bind you and leave you to revel in the sensations that submissives attain
with total surrender of control, do you understand?"  Daphne purred into Lisa's
ear then kissed it.

A little electric shock shot through Lisa with the kiss, and she responded, "Yes
Mistress, forgive me Mistress."

"Forgiven pet, I knew this room would shock you at first, just trust that Master
and I know what's best for you, and all will be fine."

With that said, she led Lisa to the middle of the room to an upright square
wooden frame with eyebolts attached all over it, and stood her in the middle of
it.

She said, "wait here, eyes down, you don't need to look and ponder about the
other toys yet, you will meet them all when you are ready."  She left Lisa there
while she gathered some equipment.

Soon Mistress returned and began binding her slave.  Standing behind her, she
took a wide leather belt, and passed it under her right arm, over the top of her
breasts, and back under her left arm, buckling it behind her back.  She took a
chain, and clipped it to a bolt over Lisa's head, it dangled a couple of inches
from the ring that was at the back of the belt, and pulling up on the belt she
clipped it to the chain. There was just enough tension to make sure Lisa stayed
upright, and the girl could feel the pressure on her shoulders and armpits. 
Next she felt her hair pulled back, and something clipping her ponytail to the
chain behind her head, forcing her to keep her head upright and facing forward. 
Next Daphne attached another chain to the padlock between Lisa's wrists, and the
other end of the chain to a ring in the floor behind her, pulling her arms back
from her body and increasing the tension on her shoulders slightly.  Lisa felt
Mistress take her left foot and slip on a shoe, it was a five inch spike heeled
pump that Daphne picked for her, with a ankle strap that prevented her from
kicking it off.  The same procedure was repeated on her right foot, this eased
the tension on her shoulders, as she was now taller, though she teetered,
thankful she didn't have to walk in these shoes.  Finally the hobble was
replaced with a two-foot spreader bar, once again increasing the tension she
felt on her shoulders.

Stepping back to admire her work, Daphne felt a couple of things needed
tweaking.  First she found a small ring gag, and inserted in the confused girl's
mouth, then strapped it behind her head and around the chain, locking her head
to the upright chain even tighter.  Then a full length mirror was placed just
far enough in front of Lisa so she could see herself, and Daphne killed all the
lights in the room, except for a spotlight above Lisa, so all she could see was
herself.

With that done she said, " I have some things to do, don't worry I will have an
eye on you, I want you to watch yourself, study the beauty of a woman in strict
bondage.  I will return soon to modify this, wouldn't want you to get too
comfortable.  Oh, and yes, with that form of gag, you will tend to drool, don't
try and fight it."  She smiled at Lisa, gently patted her rump then left the
girl to watch herself.

When she reached the library, she found Jack watching a monitor smiling, he
said, "you're a beautiful devil Daphne, I watched the whole scene from when you
entered the dungeon.  First calming her fears, then setting her up like that,
beautiful!"

"Thanks Jack, wait until I start the next round, the trick is in easing her into
it.  She is putty in my hands. I need to check on the maids, keep an eye on her
and let me know if she gets too distressed, I plan on going back down in an
hour."

"No problem, can't wait to see what comes next.  By the way, I will down to the
dungeon sometime between five and six, make sure she's in a position to sign a
few documents, John wants her mess cleaned up by the end of the week," Jack
said, then went back to his work.

"Not a problem Jack, I'll have her set up properly by then," smiled Daphne as
she headed to the kitchen.  Once there she found Marla, the leader of her
cleaning crew, and went over the day's cleaning duties, as was usual for her as
the Mistress of John's household.  Once she was satisfied with the delegation of
duties, she took her morning walkthrough of the house, so the cleaning crew
could see they were being monitored and would not slack in their duties.



Down in the dungeon, Lisa was learning to deal with her situation.  She realized
quite quickly that movement wasn't an option, attempts to adjust her position
caused her muscles and joints to hurt, so she concentrated on staying still. 
What truly amazed her was that looking at herself, trussed up as she was, she
felt sexier than ever.  Looking at her taught body, her freshly shaven mons, and
the high patent pumps she was wearing, she felt horny as hell.  Her thoughts
were all over the place, I live in a torture chamber, I am a slave, I must obey
Mistress and Master, and the thoughts pervaded her mind.  She was drooling from
her lower lip, and became fixated on the saliva trailing down her cleavage
towards her belly button.  The spotlight was very warm on her, and she could
feel the perspiration all over her body, making it tingle.  She studied the
'new' look of her crotch, and thought how bare and visible it was, just as
Master wants it, she thought happily.  She closed her eyes for a little while,
she was tired from lack of sleep, and began to doze off, letting the chain and
strap support her.

She snapped out of it suddenly when she felt a sharp pain from her nipples, her
eyes snapped open to see a stern looking Mistress staring at her, then down to a
wooden clothespin attached to each of her already erect nipples.

She looked back up at Mistress as she heard her say," this is a small punishment
for disobeying my orders.  You were told to observe yourself, not take a nap,
you lazy little slut!"  Lisa just moaned from the pain, as Mistress reached up
and just as quickly, yanked them off, without opening them, causing Lisa to
scream through her gag.  The effect was what Daphne wanted, a short burst of
pain to get her attention, she wasn't ready yet to give her extended pain of
this sort, but now she knew she was vulnerable to it.

Without saying another word, Mistress went to work on the first change of
position, starting with removing the spreader bar.  "Feet together," was her
command and Lisa obeyed, lessening the tension on her shoulders again.  Daphne
used a two-ended hook to secure Lisa's right ankle to an eyebolt on the floor,
then she got a length of sturdy rope, and tied it the ring on her left ankle,
and threaded it through an eyebolt a foot off the floor on the frame.  She began
to pull the rope through the eyebolt, and Lisa realized her left foot was
leaving the floor.  When her leg was at a forty-five degree angle, and dangling
above the floor, she tied it off, leaving Lisa standing on just her right leg.

Daphne stepped back and looked pleased, Lisa's pussy was gaping open, so she
dipped her index finger in it, up to the knuckle.  Lisa gasped, but loved the
feeling of her Mistress's finger in her pussy, she watched fascinated as it was
withdrawn, and Mistress sucked the finger into her mouth.

"Horny slave pussy always tastes best," she smiled sweetly after she took the
finger out of her mouth.  "Bet you would like something to keep that pussy
company, I have just the thing,' and she disappeared from Lisa's sight for a
moment.  When she returned she was holding a short pole with a three-legged base
that she positioned next to Lisa's right leg, directly under her gaping slit. 
Then she saw her pull out a slim dildo, trying hard to look down, with her head
still forced upright, she saw her attach it to the pole.  She felt it nudge,
then enter her pussy, until it hit her cervix, and it was locked in place
somehow.  As Mistress stepped aside, she could see the dildo buried in her, and
thought how strange she looked.

"Now, this time I expect you stay awake and study yourself carefully, no
napping, I will return soon," and she left the girl to her thoughts.

Lisa was awash in an emotional maelstrom, the memory and pain of the clothespins
were not forgotten.  The stress on her suspended leg took some getting used to,
as well as the extra pressure on her right foot, holding all her weight.  She
was uncomfortable, as was Daphne's intent as a huge part of her training, slaves
were not meant to be 'comfortable'.  Comfort was a gift to be earned, she needed
to learn to live under duress, so she could properly appreciate the limited
freedom she would receive at her Master's discretion.

I feel like a puppet, maybe that's what I am, she thought as she studied the new
position she was in, this is definitely more difficult than the last position,
but I can handle it.  Little did she realize that her thoughts were exactly what
Daphne wanted, slowly increasing the intensity of her bondage, so she could cope
and accept it. 

This time Lisa dared not doze off, tired and stretched as she was, she fought to
stay conscious.  This position helped, since she felt more of a need to stay
balanced, she was afraid to move at all with the dildo buried in her.  She
started to think about what would be next, hoping the other leg wouldn't get
hoisted, and make her fully suspended.   She definitely didn't like those
clothespins and started thinking again about the 'punishment' she had already
earned, was that part of it? Time started to drag, when she heard footsteps
approaching her.

"Well done pet, you are doing just fine, ready for lunch?"  Daphne had brought
another bowl of oatmeal, and placed it just out of Lisa's sight.  She removed
her gag, and Lisa licked her lips to try and clean up the drool on her chin. 
Daphne took a cloth napkin and finished the job for her, then she put a straw to
her mouth and said, "Take a sip I know you need it."

Lisa took a swig, then the straw was removed, and she said, "Thank you
Mistress,"

"Now eat all your lunch and you can have another drink when you are done,"
Daphne said, as she started spooning the oatmeal into Lisa's mouth again.  Lisa
was shocked, thinking, oatmeal again?  I don't even like it, but I'm so hungry,
as she started to eat what was offered.  Then she thought, she's not even
releasing me to eat, oh yeah, I was tied down for breakfast too.  This isn't so
bad. After a few minutes the bowl was empty, and Lisa got the chance to drain
the water Lisa offered her.

Daphne then produced a head harness with a gag that she attached to the slave's
face.  It buckled on top and behind her head, as well as under her chin.  The
ball was small to start, since she would be wearing it most of the afternoon,
but the straps that came up the sides of her face had blinders attached,
blocking her peripheral vision.  When it was fastened and snugged properly,
Daphne kneeled and removed the dildo, putting the stand aside.  She then began
eating Lisa's pussy, this caught the slave by surprise, and within a few minutes
she was moaning in the throes of a pre-orgasm.  She fought to resist what was
approaching, but she was doomed to fail with Daphne's experienced tongue
assaulting her exposed clit.  When she came, she drenched Daphne's face, as the
Mistress expected, but she stopped abruptly and stood to face Lisa.

The girl was still cumming when Daphne yelled right in her face, " Bitch, look
what you did to my makeup, what a slut, can't even take a little tongue without
flooding the room.  I was going to go easy on you today, but you earned some
punishment."  That wasn't really the case, Daphne scripted this perfectly,
wanting to suspend her completely, she knew that would be a lot for such a
novice.  By calling it a punishment, the girl would be more accepting of what
was to come, she just experienced another orgasm and felt like she disappointed
her Mistress.

Daphne released the hook holding her right ankle, and attached rope as she did
on the other side earlier.  Lisa was scared to death, realizing what was going
to happen, but what she did to Mistress made her feel she earned this
'punishment.'  She braced herself as best as possible, as Mistress started
pulling the rope on her right foot, as it slid side ways and off the ground, she
grunted as all her weight settled into her armpits and shoulder.  As Daphne tied
off the rope, Lisa looked at her reflection, legs splayed at a ninety-degree
angle now, and her pussy wide open and glaring at her, she thought damn you! 
You must learn to control yourself!  As if her pussy were a separate being, with
a mind of it's own.

Mistress strolled back to face her, reaching between Lisa's legs, she started
teasing her pussy and clit.  Bending down slightly, remaining silent, Mistress
took one nipple in her mouth and the other in her free hand.  She worked Lisa
right back up to another orgasm, as Lisa tried to deal with the pain in her
shoulders, while her erogenous zones were under assault again.  Her mind was
reeling, as she silently cursed her body for being so responsive, don't you
realize I'm NOT allowed to orgasm! Again, the battle was futile, Daphne was too
good, this time she didn't stop when it started and her juices began gushing. 
Lisa's mind was gone, residing totally in submissive heaven, stressed, pained,
and pleasured all at once.

When Daphne finally tired of this game, many minutes later, Lisa was close to
blacking out from the sensations.  Mistress stepped back and watched as the last
waves of orgasm faded from Lisa, and she smiled at the puddle of pussy juice on
the floor.  She considered that keeping Lisa like this too long could cause
damage, so she decided she would release her in fifteen minutes, but said," I'm
going to leave you like this slut, while I get cleaned up.  I'll be back in an
hour or two."  She then went to the dungeon's bathroom to clean up.

Lisa was starting to panic, as the glow of the orgasm faded, the pain in her
shoulders increased and her hands were numb, staying like this for hours would
kill her.  She felt like a failure, maybe she should die, failing Mistress's
orders not to cum was weak.  She determined to take her punishment, as she felt
she deserved it.  Even Daphne did not imagine how far into the slave mindset
Lisa had descended.

When the fifteen minutes were up, Daphne appeared again in front of Lisa, and
continued the good Mistress bad Mistress game by saying," I'm feeling generous
slut.  You may deserve a severe punishment, but this is too much.  I'm going to
release you and let you rest a bit, after you choose an alternate punishment of
course.  It will be delivered this evening, now I know you saw some of the toys
here in the dungeon, I'm sure you will pick something appropriate."

She released each of her legs, and Lisa was grateful that the pressure subsided
in her shoulders.  Next, Mistress released the chain holding her wrists to the
floor, but left them locked behind her back.  She removed the gag and clamp
holding her head to the chain, and it slumped forward a bit.  She then said,"
I'm going to release the chain holding you up, don't worry I'm right here in
front of you, and I won't let you fall."  With that said, she reached behind her
and undid the link holding the belt to the chain, and Lisa stumbled forward a
bit, into Mistress's embrace.

Daphne helped her as she stumbled forward on her spiked heels as she was led
over to a low padded bench, three feet wide by six feet long.  She released her
wrists, and guided her down on her back on the bench, Lisa thought that lying
down was wonderful.  Daphne proceeded to attach all four cuffs to the rings at
the edge of the bench, her hands at her sides and her feet spread to the
corners.  She then pulled straps up that were attached to the sides of the bench
and buckled her tight, above and below her breasts, and over her thighs and
shins.  She was again totally immobile, but to Lisa it was wonderful, she could
relax and rest, if Mistress lets me she thought hopefully.

"Now you are granted a nap, but first you must pick what form of punishment you
should receive tonight."  Daphne smiled as she said it.

"Whip me Mistress, whip me hard, I deserve it," Lisa said flatly, thinking I saw
all those whips, I know they hurt, and I want pain.  That's the only way I can
cleanse myself of that nasty pussy of mine!  Then she blurted, "Whip my pussy
Mistress, she's the reason I can't follow your orders properly!"

Daphne was shocked and pleased all at once, thinking this one is unreal!  I have
to call John, she keeps exceeding our expectations!  A couple of days of this
and she will be more than ready to serve him.  I wasn't going to pull out a whip
for at least a week, hell I expected her to maybe ask for the nipple clamps
again, but this is better!  She quickly composed herself, and said," I will
grant that request slave, and you are right, your pussy does betray you.  Now
you have permission to take a nap."  She then placed the headphones on her head
again, and started the subliminal tape, even though she was beginning to wonder
if it was even necessary, she was a true natural.  She left the dungeon, heading
for the study to call John.  Tonight will be quite a spectacle she thought,
though she didn't realize what John and Jack had in mind, it would be two
spectacles.




Note to readers:

As I get deeper into writing this story, the four principal characters seem to
be taking on a life of their own.  What I've been doing is moving forward with a
rough idea of the direction they are headed in, then as I write I find myself
reacting as they would, in their individual situations.  By doing this I see the
story moving in directions I didn't anticipate, making it a surprise for me as
move the story forward.  Some of the reviews and emails have been influencing
me, such as the possibility of a non-consensual aspect between Jack and Daphne,
as I touched on in this chapter. Any further suggestions or comments are
appreciated.  Enjoy the next chapter...



Chapter 5: Punishments

Daphne left Lisa to get some rest, she was feeling elated, never in all the
years she trained subs, did one this natural cross her path.  When she reached
the library, Jack was on the phone with John, and she heard, " that's right,
don't delay too long...yes, it's going to be quite a show tonight."

"You saw!"  Daphne exclaimed, hoping to be the one to inform John, feeling her
exhilaration dampen.  She knew Jack would be observing the training; she was
just upset he beat her to the punch by informing John.  What she didn't realize
was that this revamped schedule required John and Jack to quickly plan Lisa's
pre-punishment demonstration, and they didn't want Daphne to know until the last
minute. 

She's going to be pissed off, thought Jack as Daphne entered, but she tends to
forget her proper place with John too often, and needs to be reined in.  When it
happens in front of her new trainee, she will get a double dose of humility. 
I'm going to enjoy this; punishing two women on the same night is usually
reserved for John's parties.  What a treat!

"So she keeps jumping ahead of the curve, seems like whatever you throw at her
works."  Jack flashed her a wicked grin.

"Well, Mr. Jack Sir, " replied Daphne in her most impertinent tone, " I am very
careful doling it out, a good balance of strictness tempered with softness.  Her
reaction to the dungeon could have sent her backwards, but I handled it
perfectly, if I do say so myself."  She had crossed her arms in front of her
chest, taking her 'lecture' stance, feeling like she put Jack in his place.

So much the better my dear, thought Jack, this little uppity moment will earn
you a few harder lashes tonight, and I won't feel the least bit guilty now.  At
first it was just a demonstration, now I've got good reason.  Maybe I'll make
her suck my dick; I know how she prefers sub pussy to Dom cock.

"Properly corrected dear," Jack said," you are maneuvering her nicely.  But the
evidence is starting to support the possibility that we could have done this the
hard way, with likely the same result.  It would have taken a little longer, but
she is clearly a slave at heart, and has been waiting a long time to find
someone to take control.  There's no way she would be this far along in less
than twenty-four hours, if it weren't what she really wanted.  After tonight, we
will be able to begin behavioral training; she will already have traveled the
harshest path.  I must say I wasn't so shocked at her choice, but when she asked
for a pussy whipping, I was shocked."

"I agree," Daphne grudgingly admitted," but don't discount her attraction to
John, without that burning desire, she would not be so responsive."

"Of course Daphne," he chided her," that's why she is so willing; my assertion
is more about her nature.  By focusing on John as her goal, she is far ahead of
most novices.  But the nature of this girl is undeniable, and if she were forced
into it, we would still have the same result, it would just take longer, and be
a bit more challenging."

"Alright, no need to split hairs," she replied feeling under appreciated.  "I'm
going to do another walkthrough, just to make sure the girls aren't slacking,"
she said as she started for the door.

In response Jack said," call it what you want Daphne, we both know you get a
kick ordering the cleaning girls around, and your always looking for fresh meat
too."

She didn't respond, but thought boy, would I like to give him a taste of my
lash!  Pity he's so tight with John.  Bet he would like to get a piece of me,
luckily John reserves that for himself.  What she did not realize was that the
dynamic in that regard was about to shift in Jack's favor, and since it would be
by John's command she would have no choice.  Years ago, when she made that
terrible mistake that John rescued her from; she swore perpetual obedience to
him.  He promised her that if she ever failed him, he would send her to his
friend the sheik to serve in his harem, and she knew he meant it.

Lisa lay in the dark dungeon, relieved to be bound in such a simple way, no
muscles stretched, no joints aching.  It was a relief compared to her morning
adventure.  She worried that she invited too much asking for her pussy to be
whipped, but she was still mad at it for betraying her, and failing Mistress. 
She told herself, Mistress wouldn't damage it, it belongs to Master now, and I
know how much he enjoyed being in me.  She then remembered him taking her, so
hard and powerful, how could she not orgasm from such a virile man's sexual
prowess.  She soon drifted off to sleep, listening to the water sounds and music
in her ears, to dream of submission.  She saw herself kneeling at his feet,
kissing them, and then climbing on his lap to feel that wonderful cock in her. 
She was naked and wore her cuffs and collar, as symbols of his ownership...it
was lovely.



At the office, John contacted the agency he used regularly, one a friend of his
owned, and set up a new girl to start Monday.  Dave knew what the requirements
were, as he delivered Lisa a year ago, and even though things were going well
with Lisa, no need to deny him the proper decorations at the office.  He then
met with his office manager and told her that Lisa wouldn't be back, personal
reasons, as the manager was extremely loyal, he knew no questions would be
asked.  Lisa wasn't the first to abruptly leave, and likely wouldn't be the
last.  He finished up several deals in the morning, and had his calendar
organized by noon, when Jack called.

"Daphne has upped the ante, wait until you see the tapes," Jack said to John
over the phone.  He gave a short synopsis, not worried, since John's private
line was digitally encrypted for security, when Daphne entered the study they
ended the conversation.  John was extremely pleased at the news, having been
disappointed at having to wait for Lisa to shed the notion of any freedom in her
life.  He did want her complete obedience, and realized he was too enamored to
pull it off himself.  Jack would do the honors tonight, to both of them. John
just needed to be there to bring Daphne to heel, and to observe in the
background.  Fine, he thought, haven't watched a good show since Jack lit up the
Ferrara twins at last month's party.  Given this turn of events, Lisa should be
ready to put on a good show at the party in two weeks, but on that night I'll be
the Master of ceremonies.  With that thought, he got back to work, knowing he
wanted to be home by five.

By two o'clock Daphne had thoroughly terrorized the cleaning staff, as usual,
then headed down to the dungeon to peek in on her pet.  Lisa was sleeping
soundly, and she decided to let her be, given that tonight would be quite a
trial.  She returned to the study and Jack greeted her with, " just got the word
that a courier will be here around 4 o'clock with the documents Lisa needs to
sign.  John will be home around five, and he wants Lisa mounted to the wheel for
her punishment by then.  So plan on waking her and having her ready to sign by
four-thirty, so you have time to prep her.  John wants to meet with us
beforehand, so he said bind and blindfold her, then meet us up here, with the
documents."

"Yes Sir!" Daphne said sarcastically, feeling she was being left out of
something, but chose not to pursue the thought. 

"Be a doll, and meet the courier at the door for me, then bring me the package,
so I can make sure all is in order before you have her sign them."  Jack said,
knowing being his errand girl would annoy Daphne, so much better to have her
pissed at me when I beat the crap out of her, he thought.

Daphne left him, seething, as Jack anticipated, and she stormed to the kitchen. 
How dare he treat me like that, I'm Mistress of John's house, I deserve better!

When John gets home tonight I'm going to set this straight once and for all, she
thought as she grabbed a cold drink from the fridge.  She calmed down as she
thought about Lisa, mounted to the wheel, and it dawned on her.  John's such a
devil, mount her to the wheel, then rotate her upside down, so when I whip that
hot little pussy I can get more force into it.  She sat at the table with her
drink, and daydreamed about punishing her slave girl, wondering if she could
train her to cum from a whipping.  Probably, she thought, I'd bet John
eventually trains her to cum by command alone, she is one hot little piece.

At five minutes of three the doorbell rang, and Daphne answered it as
instructed, signing for the package.  She hurried it over to Jack, and waited as
he reviewed them.  He said, "All in order, have her sign these where they are
highlighted."  He handed the stack to her and stated, "John and I will see you
at five."

She left Jack, still peeved over his manner with her, and oblivious to the
reasons for it.  As she reached the dungeon her spirits rose, it was time to
play with Lisa again.  She went over to her, after turning on a few select
lights, and removed her restraints, while Lisa continued to slumber.

"Time to wake up pet," she whispered in her ear.

Lisa stretched her arms out as she awoke, and appeared a little surprised by her
newfound freedom.

"Time to get up, hope the nap was sufficient, because we have work to do, follow
me," Mistress said, and Lisa obeyed without a word.

She was led to a small table with a stack of papers on it, and Mistress pointed
to a chair and said, "sit."  Lisa obeyed, and Daphne explained that Master had
prepared these documents for her to sign, so he could clear up the mess she
created.  Daphne handed her a pen and stood next to her feeding her one document
at a time, simply pointing and saying, "sign here...and here," until everything
was signed.

"Very good pet, now to prepare you for your punishment." Mistress said flatly.

The butterflies started in Lisa's stomach, what am I in for, she thought.  She
was led to the wheel, which was angled back slightly and about six feet in
diameter.  It was sturdy wood, with an X in the center of the giant O.  Mistress
helped her up onto it, where she spread her legs and placed her feet on pegs at
the bottom of the X.  Mistress reached up holding Lisa's left hand and attached
that wrist to the top of the X, and repeated the procedure on the right wrist. 
Then she attached her ankle cuffs at the bottom.  Now Lisa was covering the
wooden X with her body, fully spread open and vulnerable, but Daphne wasn't
done.  She took one-inch wide black leather straps, and fastened upper and lower
arms to the wood, and thighs and shins at the bottom.  A two-inch wide belt went
around her waist and snugged her to the center of the X.  She felt like she was
part of the wood she was so thoroughly bound, the blindfold finished off
Daphne's work.

"Now pet, punishment will come soon enough, I will return when it is time." She
said, then gathered the papers and headed to the study to meet Jack and John.

Lisa felt refreshed from her nap, and a little anxious about her punishment, but
for some reason being stretched wide, bound and vulnerable again, felt right. 
Then it dawned on her that her position was just right for the punishment she
asked for, and she began to worry how it would hurt and how much damage it could
cause.  She started thinking about movies she had seen where people were
whipped, leaving bloody stripes on their bodies.  Is this going to cut me, scar
me, she thought, getting a bit panicked, but she couldn't imagine Master doing
that.  The night before he 'used her', that was how she thought of it, and she
was sure he would want more, so she just needed to trust.  But the butterflies
did not leave, and she shivered a bit as she waited to find out.



Daphne arrived in the study a little after five, with the signed documents, to
find John and Jack there.  She laid the papers on the desk, and said to Jack,
"They are all signed." She turned John and asked," I'm sure you heard that Lisa
has had an eventful day, I'm surprised and pleased, what are you're thoughts?"

"Honestly Daphne...I'm rather perturbed with you," John said flatly.

Daphne recoiled, I know that tone, and I'm in deep shit, she thought.  Puzzled
and trying to regain her balance, she meekly said, "How have I displeased you
Sir?" 

"Lisa has been here less than twenty-four hours and you have her waiting for a
whipping, on her pussy no less!" His voice was in the tone she knew well, real
trouble was coming her way, she wanted to say something, but just waited
quietly.

"No matter how much of a natural she is, this is too far, too fast.  It's clear
to me that you are threatened by her presence, and you should not be.  You had
your chance years ago, but you could not surrender completely, and I chose to
honor that.  I could have broke you and made you into what I wanted, but instead
I allowed you to keep you Dominant streak, and you have served me well, until
now." He was playing his part well, he wanted to bring her submissive side out,
and he could see the process starting.

"Sorry Sir," she ventured, feeling very humble suddenly.  He's right! I am
threatened, he gave me her to train, and I know I can't be what he wants, but
part of me always wanted to be His.  Damn it, I need to fix this, she thought.

"Well," he continued," I have an alternate plan for tonight.  Rather than have
her experience her first whipping with no idea what to expect, you shall serve
as an example."

OH God! She thought, I'm getting whipped tonight!

"You will be bound to the St. Andrews cross, upside down, and Jack will give you
fifty lashes on your pussy, while Lisa watches.  You will not be gagged, and you
will thank Jack after each stroke, and ask for another.  You are forbidden to
scream or protest in any way, you must set a good example for her.  Jack will
then invert her and give her twenty on her pussy, while you watch.  Understood?"
He leveled his most malevolent look at her.

"Yes Sir, " she said, "I understand, Thank You Sir."  She was devastated, not
only was she to be whipped, but Jack would do it, not John.  She wanted to
protest, but knew it would increase the punishment, and she knew she could not
refuse John when he gave her an order. 

John then said," Now strip, you can walk down to the dungeon naked, it will get
you in the right frame of mind.  You know, it has been a long time since you
were punished, and I'm beginning to believe it would do you a world of good to
get a refresher more often."

"Yes Sir," was all she could manage, all her pride stripped away by John in the
last few minutes.  Mechanically she began to strip, revealing her superb body.
Jack thought as he watched I never got to punish her before, John always did it;
I'm looking forward to this. 

When she was nude, John said," Perform to my expectations tonight, and your
reward will be a night in the cage with Lisa, carte blanche; I want you to
seduce her.  She will be ripe for it, both of you with sore pussy's needing some
TLC."

Daphne didn't know whether to be pleased or disappointed, this was now going to
be an all night affair.  But she quickly accepted his wisdom, bonding, as two
punished women, would endear Lisa to her even more.  It will just be a little
harder assuming the dominant role afterwards, and then she thought, if he even
lets me!

The three then departed for the dungeon.  As they made their way, John cautioned
Daphne to remain silent once in the dungeon, he did not want Lisa to know
exactly what was going on until the blindfold was removed.  When they arrived,
Jack and John quickly mounted Daphne to the cross, which was across the dungeon
from where Lisa was bound.  Lisa was aware of activity, but remained silent,
waiting.  When she was secured, much like Lisa, they carried her and the cross
to where Lisa was bound, and mounted it, with Daphne upside down, on a stand a
few feet in front of her. 

John spoke, "Good evening Lisa, I heard you were a hot little slut today,
cumming all over the place.  Daphne tells me that you asked that your pussy be
whipped as punishment, that was very brave."

Lisa was thrilled, Master was here, and he seemed pleased, she hoped she
wouldn't disappoint him. 

"Before you get your punishment, I decided you should see something first." 
With that said he stepped behind the wheel and removed the blindfold, and after
Lisa's eyes adjusted to the lighted area in front of her, she gasped.  My God!
Mistress, what is going on? She thought, thoroughly confused.

"Daphne may be your Mistress," John said from his position behind her, "but she
had been instructed to start your training, not inflict punishment already.  She
will receive the same punishment as you, first, so you can see what you asked
for.  She has been in need of punishment for a while, and this is a perfect
opportunity.  My assistant Jack will administer both whippings; I will sit here
and watch.  She will receive fifty lashes, and you twenty.  You are ordered to
watch and remain silent, understood?"

"Yes Master, " Lisa answered, swirled in strange emotions.  This is my fault, I
failed her, and now she gets punished worse than I get, she thought.  But the
sight of Mistress naked and bound the same way she was started a new arousal in
her, she had been tough on Lisa, and maybe she did deserve this; I can't argue
with Master, she thought.  She studied the bound woman a few feet in front of
her, three straps on each of her arms and legs, and one around the waist, just
like me, she thought.  Being upside down, with her ringed pussy pointing at the
ceiling, was the main difference, and she thought, would the rings make it more
painful?

She came out of her reverie with the first loud CRACK of leather meeting flesh,
and she heard Mistress grunt, then exclaim," Thank You SIR!  May I have
another?!"  Lisa had not even seen Jack as he was positioned behind the cross,
so he wouldn't obstruct Lisa's view.  After a short pause she saw the flogger,
with it's twelve strands of leather, smack on top of Mistress's pussy, nearly
reaching her belly button, with another grunt Daphne forced the same response
out of her mouth.  There was no rhythm, as Jack sometimes flogged her quickly,
and sometimes slowly, so she would not know when it was coming.  Each time the
grunts grew louder, and the responses more forced and distressing.  Lisa lost
count, but was sure that at least twenty had struck (her punishment amount) when
it suddenly stopped. 

Looking across at the punished pussy, Lisa was surprised and relieved that there
were no cuts, though it was red and swollen from Mistress's belly up through her
crotch.  She didn't think fifty strokes had bee reached, and was shocked to see
a man come around from behind, wearing all black clothes and a black hood.  He
blocked her view while he was doing something to Mistress's crotch; she could
tell from how his arms moved.  Mistress grunted and groaned from whatever he was
doing, but she couldn't tell what until he stepped back around the cross and out
of sight again.

Lisa's eyes went wide when she saw a string tied to each of the rings, then tied
off to Mistress's thighs, causing her already inflamed pussy to gape wide open.

My God! She thought he's going to whip it while it's tied wide open!  She was
not quite right, then she heard Master's voice behind her saying," this part of
the punishment will be more severe; the first part was to allay your fear that
we would permanently damage your pussy.  As you can see Daphne's is red, swollen
and sore, but otherwise intact.  Now witness a punishment that is inflicted on
someone who knows the rules, and willfully disregards them, she will receive the
final twenty strokes with a cane."

"No John!  Please don't use a cane!" Daphne screamed, realizing as she did it
that she just made things worse for herself.

"Silence!" He exclaimed," Did you really think a gentle flogging was what you
deserved, I know how much you hate the cane, and a punishment must PUNISH the
offender.  You just bought another day of punishment, alongside my new pet," he
said, as he gently caressed Lisa's hair from behind.

"Yes Sir, I apologize for my impertinence," whimpered Daphne, knowing full well
that twenty cane strokes on her distended pussy would ache for days.

"Begin," said John in a cold calculating tone.

Lisa was transfixed, as she heard a swoosh and wet cracking sound seeing the
thin wooden cane impact Mistress's gash, directly down the center.

ARRGGGHH! Daphne Screamed, unable to control herself from the explosion of pain,
as John expected.

"Gag the bitch," John said coolly.

Jack came back around the cross, holding a huge red ball gag, which he forced
into Daphne's mouth and tied behind her head.  He then disappeared again, and
shortly the caning resumed.  Lisa was at first shocked, watching Mistress strain
and scream into the gag, as Jack mercilessly caned her directly on her exposed
cunt, but she found herself still aroused.  As the caning progressed her folds
turned deep red, then purple, but the skin never broke or bled; though it
appeared swollen and painful.

Finally it was over, and Mistress appeared delirious, as her screams had faded
towards the end to a pitiful mewing.  Master and Jack both appeared in front of
Lisa, and together lifted Daphne's cross from its stand and deftly flipped right
her side up before remounting her.  Lisa stared across at her Mistress, who
appeared dazed and unfocused, as Jack roughly pulled the gag from her mouth.

"Thank Jack Daphne," John said.

"Thank you Sir," came from her lips, but she was still in a daze of pain.

"You are welcome slut," said Jack.

Turning towards Lisa, John said, "Now for your punishment, pet, I will gag you,
because your are still a novice, and I do not expect you to be able to control
your reactions yet."  He then produced a much smaller ball gag, and strapped it
on Lisa, as she thought what a relief, at least I don't have to try and control
myself like she had to.  Then she was caught by surprise, as Jack released the
catch on the wheel, and slowly spun her upside down.

Once in position all she could see was Jack's legs in front of her, as John
stepped out of her view.  Then without warning the first lash hit, and Lisa
screamed into the gag as pain in her pussy exploded.  Jack was actually taking
it much easier on Lisa, though there was no way she could tell.  Slowly he
continued, as she could not stop screaming until her throat was too raw, for
twenty strokes with the flogger.  When he was done he spun her back upright, and
she felt relieved that she survived the punishment, and the burning sensation in
her crotch actually made her feel better.  She was still mad at her pussy for
being too responsive, and getting her into trouble in the first place. Jack then
removed the gag.

John then said," we're going to leave you two for a little while, when we return
we will set you up for the night.  Don't expect any dinner, punishment is best
appreciated on an empty stomach.  Tonight you are both slaves, and will be
treated as such, tomorrow, Daphne; we will make sure you finish learning your
lesson.  If you behave properly, you may regain Mistress status, if not, Jack
gets a new slave for himself."

Before either girl could think to say a thing, the two men left them alone to
contemplate their immediate future.

To be continued...




Chapter 6: Sisters in Slavery



John and Jack retreated to the study to decide what to do with the girls next,
since Daphne's outburst had to at least appear as if a change in plans was
needed.  The monitor was on showing the two bound women in the dungeon, and it
appeared as they arrived that Daphne was beginning to regain her senses, though
both were still quiet.  They turned up the mike sensitivity, so they would hear
when the two began to talk, which John expected shortly.

"You really enjoyed punishing Daphne Jack," John said matter of factly," I was a
bit concerned the cane would cut her towards the end, but you were skillful in
avoiding it.  Her pussy will be useless for several days at any rate."

"To be completely honest John, over the last few months she has developed too
much of an arrogant attitude, in my opinion anyway.  Lisa's arrival sent her
over the top with her own self importance."  Jack replied, hoping John would see
his point.

John was not blind, and had seen the signs himself, but it became more blatant
after Lisa arrived yesterday.  He responded," I agree, I expected her to lose
control from the caning, but to beg to avoid it was clearly beneath her.  I made
a judgement and she protested it, that hasn't' happened for years.  I can't
trust her to continue Lisa's training, she needs a refresher course herself." 

"So what's your plan boss?" Asked Jack, hoping he would play a larger role in
both the girls training going forward.

"Since it's Friday, you and I will have to run the show this weekend, and decide
the course for the coming week as we go.  As far as Daphne is concerned, I think
it's time to strip away her Dominant side completely.  I do not want it to
impact Lisa negatively, so we will take a slow course, giving both of them the
illusion that Daphne could regain her status, even though she will be doomed to
fail.  Do you really want Daphne as your slave?"   John asked, fully expecting
Jack to say yes, he knew for years that Jack wanted her as a play toy.

"Only if we can break her of her Dominant streak, and I think that is possible. 
Consider this John, if she is slowly reduced to a slave role in front of Lisa,
it will show your new pet that women are ultimately subservient to men.  She had
power and lost it, it will reinforce your overall Dominance in Lisa's eyes." 
Jack ventured; thinking John would see the logic in his thinking.

Jack was John's closest friend and confidant, but sometimes it annoyed John when
Jack would try to maneuver him, as he was doing now.  But Jack's loyalty and
friendship always mitigated his feelings, and he felt Jack did deserve a decent
reward for his years of service, he just wasn't sure Jack knew how hard it would
be to really turn Daphne.  It amazed John that the arrival of Lisa yesterday was
quickly rewriting the roles of everyone in his household, but he saw the
possibility that it would be in everyone's best interests.  Convincing Daphne
would be he hardest part; before he could respond to Jack's statements they
heard Lisa's voice on the speaker.



After the men left, Lisa just hung there watching her Mistress hang from the
cross with her head slumped forward.  She didn't know what to say, or if she
should say anything, but she did want to apologize, feeling responsible for what
just happened.  After a short time, while she felt the burning in her loins
reduce to a dull throb, she noticed Daphne start to regain her senses.

"Mistress?"  She ventured, hoping she was all right.

"Yes pet, I'll be alright." Daphne croaked, with a dry throat from her
screaming.

"I'm so sorry Mistress, if I was a better student you wouldn't be in this
position," Lisa said, hoping she wouldn't be too disappointed with her.

"It's not your fault," said Daphne, wanting to tell Lisa how she was maneuvered
and never had a chance of succeeding, but she held back.  "I was impertinent to
our Master, and earned what I received, I'm mad at myself for losing control so
easily. "  Daphne knew that to regain her status she would have to let her
submissive side completely out, and she reminded herself that it would take time
to regain John's trust.

Lisa wanted to comfort her, and said," I wish I had received the caning, it hurt
me to see you punished that way."

"You have no idea what you are wishing for pet, the cane is a slave's worst
enemy, that kind of pain is indescribable."  Daphne knew the agony she felt
between her legs wouldn't subside for days, and hoped further punishment would
be on other parts of her body.  She was miserable; she allowed her subconscious
jealousy of Lisa to destroy years of trust.  She then said," we should be quiet
and wait for them to return, we don't have permission to speak to each other,
and are probably in more trouble already."

"They can hear us?"  Lisa asked, now fearful of further punishment.

"Always pet, slaves here are constantly monitored, so be quiet," said Daphne,
knowing that statement alone could cause her further grief, but she had to shut
her up before she really got them in trouble.  They continued to hang quietly
awaiting the return of the men.



"She wanted to tell her more, but stopped herself, so she's not a total loss,"
John said to Jack as they watched the interplay between the bound women.

"I agree with you, but now that Lisa's in the picture it is very likely that
Daphne will always be jealous, and that would not be good for Lisa."  Jack
remarked, hoping John would turn the reins for both the women over to him.

John knew exactly what Jack was angling for, but if Daphne were to be Jack's
prize, Lisa would be safer.  Daphne's jealousy may cause harm eventually, but if
Jack were focused on winning Daphne as his slave, then Lisa would get the
'proper' treatment devoid of emotional entanglements with Jack.  Finally, he
said," Here's how it will go, Daphne is yours to train as you please, but it
must be delayed a short while, so you can prep Lisa for me. They go from
Mistress/slave to 'slave sisters' for now, keeping it at a novice level for
both, until you are ready to turn Lisa over to me.  We will give sweet Daphne
the notion that she can regain favor, by being totally obedient to you, even
though her fate is sealed." 

With that said, John and Jack headed back to the dungeon, finding the girls
hanging where they left them.  John went and stood in front of Daphne, and said,
"Since you could not properly control yourself, you obviously need a refresher
course in obedience.  For the next two days you and Lisa are under Jack's
training, perform to his expectations and you will regain your status, if not a
full training course awaits you.  Understood?"

"Yes Master, I will not let you down," she said, not feeling confident at all. 
It had been years since she had to fully submit, and she knew Jack would be very
demanding.  She hung there as the pain in her crotch dulled to a throbbing ache.

Jack and John proceeded to remove Lisa from the cross, and John led her over to
a padded table with stirrups like a gynecologist would use.  Lisa was exhausted
and just let John steer her movements as he led her over, then strapped her down
securely to the table.  Once thoroughly secured, he adjusted the stirrups up
high, and spread her legs more than 90 degrees, exposing Lisa's punished pussy
to the open air.  He then left her and joined Jack as he prepared Daphne for her
night of bondage.

Jack had taken Daphne down, and had her on her knees on the floor, having just
finished binding her wrists behind her back with a long rope.  Jack stepped in
front of her, and John took up a position behind her.  John handed Jack the two
lengths of rope that extended from Daphne's wrists, one over each shoulder. 
Jack crossed the ropes between her breasts, and handed them back to John as he
passed them around her sides and up under her protruding elbows.  John brought
them up crossing them again and back over her shoulders, then the two men
started snugging up the first round of rope, forcing Daphne's wrists up to her
shoulder blades, and making her grunt and whine slightly.  When they snugged it
to their satisfaction, they began passing the rope in the same pattern a half
dozen times, until Daphne's arms where welded to her back by the rope.

John took another rope and tied her ankles together, then passed the ropes
around to Jack who ran it across her lap, and back to John, and they repeated
the process several times, cinching the ropes tight and driving Daphne's heels
into the backs of her legs.  She was clearly wincing from the pain as her
bruised pussy was now squashed into her legs.  John then attached the end of the
rope to the one on her back, and tightened it enough to cause her to arch her
back slightly.

They stood up and surveyed their work, and then Jack went to get the crate,
which he wheeled over next to her.  It was about 3 foot square, with a hinged
lid that opened in the middle, with a half circle cutout on each side.  Jack
opened the top, then the two men lifted Daphne, and lowered her into the box,
and she winced and moaned as they moved her, then again as she settled into the
hard wooden box.  They closed the lid and locked it down, leaving just her head
exposed.  John produced a special gag that had a wedge to fit in her mouth, and
a 7-inch penis on the other end.  She meekly opened her mouth as he seated it
then strapped it behind her neck. 

Together they rolled their captive over to where Lisa was bound to the table,
and right up between her legs until the rubber penis nudged up against Lisa's
cunt.  Jack fastened a collar around Daphne's neck that had short chains
attached to either side, with clips on the end.  John put a small amount of lube
on the dildo and then guided it into Lisa's pussy, as Jack attached each chain
to eyebolts attached to the end of the table where Lisa's ass was sitting right
on the edge.  Once secured by the chains the Daphne could not pull her head back
far enough to remove the dildo from Lisa's snatch, but she did have about 4
inches of play, so she could perform as Jack and John desired.

"Now my dear," John said, "I expect you to fuck poor Lisa to at least two
orgasms, and of course she will try to resist, since she isn't allowed to come." 
John smiled as he stepped back to admire their predicament.  Jack was standing
there with a big grin on his face, and then John pushed Daphne's face hard into
Lisa's crotch, as the dildo filled Lisa she gasped.  "Now fuck her," was all he
said as he released her head and stood back to watch as she struggled with the
little room she had to move her head.  She got into a rhythm, and soon had Lisa
moaning, especially when Daphne's nose rammed her clit on every thrust. 

The two men watched for several minutes as Lisa's gasps became more urgent, then
Lisa spat out, "Forgive me Master, I'm going to cum!"  The sight was delicious,
as her pussy, though stuffed with a dildo, began to spasm and spew those copious
love juices.  She soaked her thighs and Daphne's face as the boxed girl
continued to thrust in and out.  Lisa's body shuddered through the orgasm, and
it kept building in intensity, as Daphne never relented.  Finally the first
orgasm passed, but the continued assault started the feelings again in just a
short time, Lisa knew she would come again soon, but resigned herself to the
pleasure she was feeling, and damn the consequences.  Jack and John just stood
there drinking in the delicious sight in front of them.  As they all expected
Lisa was again thrown into a spasm of orgasmic bliss, but while she was at her
peak, Jack pulled released the chains from Daphne's neck and pulled the box
back.

Lisa's eyes were closed as she swam in the submissive joy of cumming in bondage,
then felt the dildo slip free, but before she could react, she felt something
take it's place.  She opened her eyes and saw Master, as she felt his cock
plunge into her spasming pussy, and she screamed, "YESSS!!!!"  John fucked her
hard and she reacted with intense vaginal pulsing, almost as if her pussy wanted
to eat his cock.  The orgasm never faded, just continued to build in intensity,
as he rammed her hard and fast.  Finally he came, and abruptly withdrew, leaving
her pussy feeling abandoned as it continued to pulse and the orgasm faded.  John
stepped back, and carefully removed his condom, depositing his jism and the
condom into a glass, for future use.

Jack was ready as he rolled Daphne back in place, minus the dildo gag, and
chained her between Lisa's legs.  "Now clean her up, inside and out, then you
can get some rest, see you tomorrow."  Jack and John left then, and Daphne
dutifully began to lick clean Lisa's soaked crotch, while Lisa swooned from the
ravaging she just endured.  Once they were out of the room, Daphne
whispered,"you are amazing pet, learning to control your orgasms are going to be
a challenge you are such a hot little bitch," then she continued to lick her
crotch.

Jack and John returned to the study and watched the girls for short time, while
discussing the weekend activities for them.  John called Dr. Ford, to come by
tomorrow, to run a full physical on Lisa.  Dr. Ford was a close friend and
fellow Dom, who could be trusted to see Lisa in her current state, with no
questions asked.  After a nightcap, the men retired, as Daphne and Lisa also
nodded off in their bound state.

In the morning the men entered the dungeon to find Daphne sleeping between
Lisa's legs where they left her.  Both were rudely awakened as they were removed
from their bindings and dragged into the bathroom, tossed into the large tub and
hosed down with cold water.  They were given bars of soap, and ordered to
quickly clean themselves.  Jack and John watched as they hurried to soap each
other up, then they were hosed down again.  Shivering, they were each tossed a
small towel to dry off with, then led naked, cold, and hungry back into the
dungeon.  Two bowls of oatmeal were on the stone floor side by side, and Jack
said, "Eat, it will be all you get today, so don't waste any."  Following
Daphne's lead both girls got down on hands and knees and ate like dogs, with
just their mouths, getting food all over their faces as they slurped up the
gruel in their respective bowls. 

When Jack was satisfied, he said, "Up on your knees sluts, facing each other,
nose to nose."  They scrambled to obey, and he said," Daphne, you first, lick
all the food off Lisa's face, then when she is clean, she will return the
favor."  John had left during their breakfast, leaving the girls alone with
Jack, and he sat there looking over some papers while the two slaves cleaned
themselves up with their tongues.  Finally, when Jack saw they were done, he
said, "Lisa, crawl over here," pointing to the gyno table she spent the night
on, which she did.  "Daphne strap her down tight, Dr. Ford will be here soon, I
want her ready for the exam."

Lisa looked confused, but Daphne said nothing as she attached the new slave to
the table once again.  When she was done, Jack said," Daphne, display yourself." 
She immediately went to her knees, spreading her legs as far as she could,
touching her toes behind her.  She clasped her hands behind her neck, elbows
point out horizontally, and she arched her back.  Lisa watched her intently, as
Jack said," Lisa, watch everything Daphne does, as she will demonstrate the
positions you will get into whenever commanded."  For the next hour Daphne was
ordered into a dozen different positions, all subservient, and designed to
display different parts of her body.  When Jack got through the twelve positions
he started over, and he warned Lisa that she should be prepared to respond
accordingly when ordered to do so, and he began to repeat them again with Daphne
as his model.  This continued for two hours and at least ten repetitions of each
position, and all through it Jack explained to Lisa the importance of exact
positioning and immediate compliance when the order was issued.  At one point,
Daphne hesitated slightly, and Jack cracked her hard across her breast with a
crop, leaving a red welt, but she did not even whimper she just never hesitated
again.

Eventually, John returned, with Dr. Ford, he was tall and dark haired, with gray
streaks.  "John, Dr. Ford, how are you?" asked Jack, as they entered.

"Fine Jack," said Dr. Ford, "I see the new slave is ready for me, and sweet
little Daphne appears a little worse for wear." As he observed the black and
blue area between her legs, since he entered as she was on her back, legs spread
wide and ankles in hands, in the 'offer your pussy' position. He knelt down and
took a closer look at her punished pussy, and said to Jack, "pretty nasty, but
no permanent damage as I can see.  But I'm her for the other one, and have other
appointments today, so let's begin."  He proceeded over to the table where Lisa
lay, and placed his black Dr. bag on a steel table that was next to it.

John said, "Jack, let's leave the Dr. and Lisa alone for this, Daphne crawl
behind us, we have business with you elsewhere," the three then left the Dr. and
Lisa alone, as two walked and one crawled out of the dungeon. 

After they had left, the Dr. turned to Lisa and said," Don't be frightened my
dear, I am just going to give you a thorough check up, and take some blood. 
John wants to make sure your health is in order."  Lisa just lay there, trying
hard to remember all the commands and the corresponding positions she saw Daphne
assume, as the Dr. proceeded to exam her.  He was not gentle, at John's request,
and Lisa winced when he roughly inserted an ice-cold speculum into her.  The
exam was very thorough, including a gyn, anal, and breast exam.  Lisa speculated
he was much like her Master, as he treated her forcefully.  He also took several
measurements, as he told her John wanted to create some custom clothing and
jewelry for her body.

After nearly an hour he began packing his things up, then said," you appear to
be in good health, and also good shape, this will help John expedite your
training.  Nothing worse than a slave in poor physical shape, as long as the
blood tests come out OK, I'll be telling John you are in fine shape for proper
training.  Just one question, are you using any form of drugs, especially an
oral contraceptive?"

"No sir", was all she could venture, thinking how until yesterday she had no sex
life at all, and now, words could not describe her feelings.

"Very good, I will likely prescribe one, I do not think your Master wants you to
breed for him, yet."

Lisa was dumbstruck, yet?  Would she be the mother of his children, she
wondered?  She quickly discarded that thought, when she realized contraception
would let her feel Master's penis without a condom.  She relaxed a bit, thinking
of His cock in her pussy, filling her up with his sperm.



Once John closed the door on the dungeon, Jack grabbed Daphne by the hair and
roughly jerked her to her feet, and pushed her back to the closed door, as he
and John flanked her on either side.

John spoke," I am extremely disappointed with you bitch.  Just because you
behaved properly since last night, that doesn't excuse what I see as allowing
jealousy to cloud your judgement when handling My property.  I expect you to
follow Jack's direction without hesitation, and if you can remember how to be a
proper sub, you will earn a chance to get to regain your old status.  Now, Jack
and I are going to get you ready for Dr. Ford, I told him he would get to fuck
you in the ass for changing his schedule."

With that said, the two men each took one of Daphne's arms and led her to the
upstairs bathroom.  Once there they gave her three large and very hot enemas,
and she obeyed without question or comment.  She knew full well that any
comments or arguments would have made her situation worse.  When the enemas were
finished, they collared her, and attached a leash, and then they led her back to
the dungeon, as the Dr. was finishing up Lisa's exam.

When they entered and saw the Dr. putting his instruments back into his bag,
John whispered to Daphne, "now go over to him and properly offer him the use of
your ass.  Remember, you are being a good role model for my new slave, so make
it a good show."

They released the leash, but left the collar, and the otherwise naked Daphne
walked over to the Dr. She knelt a couple of feet away from him.

"Sir, may I have permission to speak?" She asked.

"Yes Daphne, what can I do for you?" The Dr. replied.

"I have been instructed," she started, "that you would like to use my ass for
your pleasure.  I will be pleased to serve you in any way you like, please
command me."

He turned to face the kneeling woman, and said," Crawl over her my dear and
remove my pants, then get my dick ready." 

She crawled up to him and kneeled again, right in front of him.  She proceeded
to remove his pants, and placed them to the side, then ran her hands up his
thighs, and she cradled his semi erect penis as she guided it into her mouth. 
She licked, caressed and sucked him until he was rigid as a pole.

"Stand up, turn around, spread your legs and bend over this table," he said
pointing to the table just a few feet from where Lisa lay still strapped down. 
Daphne obeyed, and once in position, she arched her ass up to invite him to
enter her.  He stepped behind her, and positioned his cock at her sphincter, and
slowly pushed the head in.  When he felt it pop past the initial resistance, he
drove forward forcing his full seven inches up her ass in the blink of an eye. 
Daphne felt a bolt of pain in both her ass and her mons as he slammed her into
the table edge, but only a small grunt came from her lips, then she moaned as if
he was giving her pleasure.  After the initial thrust he started to pump back
and forth, slowly at first, then faster and harder as she moaned in feigned
delight.

Lisa lay on the table watching intently, and thinking, how could Mistress enjoy
getting fucked in the ass, especially when that area seemed so sore from her
recent whipping.  She was awed, and hoped that she would be able to get such
pleasure herself, when the time for her to lose her anal virginity came.

Dr. Ford fucked Daphne's ass hard and long; at least it seemed that way to Lisa,
who could not tear her eyes away from the lusty scene in front of her.  Daphne
continued to moan and coo, though the pain she felt was intense.  She knew this
was for His pleasure and she kept up her act, as the Dr. pistoned away at her
ass.  Finally he moaned, and finally on a particularly hard thrust, stopped
buried deep in Daphne's ass, releasing his seed into her bowels.  He took her
without a condom, knowing that both of them were healthy and recently tested for
STDs. 

Jack came up next to the Dr. as he was pumping the last of juice into Daphne,
and he held a large butt plug, ready to stuff into her when he was ready to
withdraw.  When Dr. Ford withdrew, Jack quickly drove the plug home, and her
already loosened sphincter sucked it in, then clamped tight around the narrow
base.   Jack grabbed Daphne's hair and stood her up, placing a belt around her
waist, then threading another belt between her legs from the front and snugging
the plug into place.  Daphne winced, as the front of the belt put pressure on
her bruised pussy.

"You will keep the Dr.'s spunk in your ass today slut, as a reminder that now
you are a slave again.  Now go over and release Lisa, and present yourselves
properly while I see the Dr. out." Jack said, then he led the Dr. to the dungeon
door.

When he returned the girls were both kneeling with legs spread, and hands behind
their necks.  Jack went and found another chastity belt, and attached a much
smaller butt plug for the novice slave girl.  He returned shortly and dangled
the belt in front of Lisa's downcast eyes.

"Present your ass slut, it's time we started training your ass too." Said Jack.

Lisa quickly bent over resting her elbows and forearms flat on the floor, and
sticking her ass as high up as she could.  Jack stepped behind her, and slowly
worked the greased plug into her tight virgin ass.  Once it was all the way in,
he attached the belt to keep it place, Lisa was uncomfortable the whole time,
but did not object at all.

"Now girls, we are going to practice those positions again, side by side this
time.  I want John to have a fully functional slave within one week, so expect a
hard regimen."  With that said, Jack began issuing commands and the girls
shifted into their positions as instructed.  Lisa was clumsy at first, but some
light crack with his crop, got her motivated quickly.  For the next few hours
the girls were put through their paces, and eventually Jack switched from
position training to proper crawling and walking exercises.  Lisa quickly
learned that every move she was ordered to make had some kind of specific way to
do it. 

By late afternoon the girls were exhausted, and Jack finally had them crawl over
to a small three-foot square door on one side of the dungeon.  He opened it, to
show a small cell roughly square and not much bigger than the door, only
slightly deeper. 

"Time for a short rest, Daphne you first then Lisa.  Get some rest we have more
training this evening." Said Jack, as he ushered them into the cramped cell
where they could only sit, squeezed together.  He shut and locked the door
leaving them in complete darkness.

"We should try and sleep a little, Jack's training could take all night," was
all Daphne said, and Lisa did not even respond, feeling exhausted and just
leaning back resting her head in the corner, both girls quickly fell asleep.

Jack and John met in the study, and discussed the further training regimen. 
That night would be various forms of bondage, and more forced orgasms for Lisa. 
Daphne would also be bound, sometimes solo, sometimes to Lisa, but would be
denied release (her pussy was in no shape at any rate).  The following days
would be the same regimen, keeping both girls off-balance and subject to
strenuous activity.  They decided that to ready for the following weekend party,
Jack would give them this treatment for six straight days, expecting to break
down any resistance to following orders.

On the third day, Jack decided it was time to train Lisa in the art of cock
sucking, so he had Daphne demonstrate her techniques on his cock for over an
hour.  He then had Lisa take over on a dildo, and through Daphne's direction her
technique grew quickly.  Following that initial training, he added it to their
daily regimen, and on the fifth day John came with him to the dungeon, for a
live test.

Lisa was thrilled, she would get to finally taste Master's cock, and she
performed beautifully, even being able to open her throat and suck Him all the
way in her mouth.  Her only failing happened when John came, he gave her no
warning, he just erupted, and some spunk spilled from her mouth before she could
swallow.  For that, she was hung by her wrists, stretched to her tiptoes, and
received twenty lashes on her back and ass.  It left red streaks from her
shoulder blades to her ass, but she took it well, having received many lashes
over the last few days.

As Friday morning dawned, Lisa was no longer the girl who entered this house a
week ago.  She was completely subservient, and just awaited orders, never
thinking about anything but pleasing her Master and Jack.  That morning she and
Daphne were ordered into the bathroom, and told to thoroughly clean each other
up, since most of the week they had just been rinsed and soaped to keep the dirt
at bay.  They had three hours to fully clean each other up, but were warned that
cleaning was all that was permitted.  They bathed, douched, and gave each other
enemas.  Then they fixed their hair and makeup in order to please their
Master's.  Daphne's pussy was well healed, and only had some yellowish marks
left behind, Lisa required a fresh shave, that Daphne provided.  Finally they
felt clean and refreshed, and Jack arrived to escort them back upstairs.

When they arrived in the study John was sitting behind his desk, Jack ordered
them into the 'present' position across the desk from him.  When they were in
position Jack took a seat behind them.

"Well slave girls, Jack says you were both well-behaved this week, and learned
much about serving us.  Tomorrow I am hosting a small party, and you two will be
the main attraction.  Daphne, though you have been well behaved all week, I am
not ready to release you to your former status.  I believe a longer period of
training is still in order, so you and your slave-sister Lisa, will continue to
be under Jack's guidance.  Tonight, Lisa will come with me, and you will go with
Jack, and each of you will show the proper thankfulness for being released from
the dungeon."  With that said each man led their respective slaves to their
bedrooms, where they were permitted to serve their Masters.

To be continued...at John's party...




Chapter 7: Master's Night and the Party



Daphne followed Jack, dreading being alone with him, she felt that he had in it
for her.  At this point, after a week of total submission to him, all she wanted
to do was please him.  Her past competition with him was a distant memory; she
realized that in John's house, men rule.  She had allowed the privilege of
having power over others to cloud her judgment, she held herself in too high
esteem, and now her privileged status was gone.  Jack was her Master now, and
all she could do was her best to please him, or suffer terrible punishment, as
her nearly healed crotch reminded her.  She had yet to realize Jack's true
intentions.

As they walked to his room, Jack decided it was time to give Daphne a night of
pure submissive pleasure.  After a week of treating her as a slave, and the fact
that after the first day she was perfectly subservient, he felt that he could
win her affection by treating her as a worthy slave deserved.  Tonight she would
scream in pleasure, and if that did not win her over to him, then John could
start the process of sending her over to the sheik's harem.

When they reached the room, he opened the door, and waved her in, much like a
gentleman.  She half expected a crop across her back as she passed him, but no
blow fell.  He closed the door behind them and simply said, "Undress me."  She
proceeded to remove and fold his clothes, one piece at a time, lying each on the
bureau.  When he was naked, he said," On your back in the middle of the bed,
arms and legs out to the corners."

She quickly assumed the commanded position, and he proceeded to attach the cuffs
that he kept permanently locked to each corner of the bed.  When each cuff was
fitted, he went to each one and snugged it tight to the corner, stretching her
in a tight X shape.  As he crawled between her legs, he said, "Keep quiet,
except when you feel an orgasm approach.  Hold it off as long as you can, then
beg for release."  With that comment he began to nibble her inner thighs working
his way to her pussy.  She was totally confused, but the feelings he was giving
her were wonderful.

Lisa was in a similar situation in John's room; only her feelings were more of
relief that she could finally spend a night pleasing her Master.  John knew that
after the week with Jack, Lisa had done the full turn to slave, and would serve
him without question.  First he had her perform some positions on his command,
and was quite pleased at her form, and the grace she showed in changing
positions.  Finally, in the 'standing present' position, with her legs spread
wide, back arched, and hands behind her neck, he did a thorough groping of all
her delicious feminine parts.  He was pleased that no matter what he did, she
remained in position, with but a little gasp here and there, like when he shoved
two fingers up her ass.

Eventually, when he was tired of playing with her that way, he instructed her to
undress him.  She did it the same way Daphne did, as she was instructed to
during one of the nights she was caged with her in the dungeon.  Lisa was so
happy that Daphne, though facing a terrible fall from grace due to her bad
behavior, still took her under her wing, and taught her how to behave properly. 
When John was naked, he ordered to her knees, as he sat in a padded chair, and
then told her to crawl to his lap, and beg to suck his cock.

Lisa crawled to within inches of his cock, and meekly looked up into His eyes,
and said," Please Master, grant this unworthy slave the pleasure of your cock in
her mouth.  I so want to pleasure you, allow me to demonstrate my desire to
please."  She then dropped her eyes, and waited patiently, as her ex-Mistress
taught her.

"Granted slave, but use only you mouth, keep your hands behind your back," he
said, thinking, damn this one is for real.

Lisa obeyed, and began by licking up and down his semi erect cock until it was
hard, then she slid it into her mouth, and swallowed it all the way until her
nose was buried in his pubic hair.  She then slowly withdrew, until just the
head was in her mouth, she rolled her tongue around it, and then she dove down
on it again.  She repeated this a half dozen times, then switched to a regular
sucking rhythm, deep throating him all the while, hoping against hope that this
pleased Him.

John was in heaven, and thought, Daphne you little bitch; you gave your best
secrets to this one.  She must really want to earn my favor back.  After several
minutes of this, John wanted to really dive in, so he said, "Present ass!"  Lisa
immediately released his cock spun around on her knees, and assumed the
position.  John slid down to his knees behind her and rammed her to the hilt,
condom free.  He was happy that they introduced the contraceptive into her food
the day the Dr. visited, and she was past the waiting stage.  As he began
fucking her, he said, "You do have permission to come tonight slut, but only
after you beg to me to let you, and I grant permission!" 

Lisa nearly came when he entered her, and again on his command, but she had
built some resistance during the week, and fought off the desire.  She lasted
less than five minutes, and then gasped, "Please Master!  Let this worthless
slut cum!  I want to feel you're cum inside me!"  She couldn't hold on much
longer, and neither could John.

"When you feel me cumming, you have permission," Was all John said, and he
rammed her faster and harder, as she fought off her orgasm.  Finally she felt
his cock start throbbing and the wetness in her, and she screamed and went into
the most intense orgasm of her life.  When he was spent, he collapsed on her
back, and then rolled onto the floor.  "Come over here and lick this mess up,"
he said.  Lisa screwed up the last of her fading strength and crawled between
his legs, licking his crotch clean of his delicious spunk.

In Jack's room, Daphne was a swirl of emotion; he had licked, kissed and
caressed her entire body over the course of an hour, except for her face or
mouth.  She was so hot and so ready, she wanted him so bad, and she had not even
come close to orgasm, he purposely kept her just smoldering.  Finally, he went
between her legs for what seemed the hundredth time, but this time he zeroed
right onto her clit, with a vengeance.  She was caught by surprise and was so
primed already, that she nearly came in that instant, but remembered the
command, and resisted letting go.  He continued his assault, and in just a few
minutes, she knew she couldn't hold it off any longer.

"Please Master!  This worthless cunt begs your permission to come!" She
screamed.

He paused, and sat up, enjoying the look of pent up arousal and desire on her
face, which quickly changed to a pitiful look as the impending orgasm began
fading when he sat up.  He said, ' You have fallen a long way slut, from proud
haughty bitch a week ago, to a bound and begging for release slave girl now. 
What you need to ask yourself is, which role fits you best?   After observing
how stupidly you blew your status, and how quickly you shifted back to full
submission, I would venture that you are where you belong.  Trouble is, you had
your chance with John years ago, and couldn't take the full leap, now he has
Lisa, and is very disappointed in you at the same time.  Tonight I am going to
show you how I reward well-behaved slaves, and tomorrow, you can make one last
choice in your life, beg me to be your permanent Master or await John's final
judgment of you.  Now I want to see you cum like the slave you are, permission
granted.'

With the last sentence he jammed his index and middle finger up her cunt, and
used his thumb to stimulate her clit, and within a few seconds she exploded into
a massive orgasm.  Jack kept up his assault for an hour using his tongue,
dildos, vibrators, and finally his dick, as he sent her on the most intense
orgasmic experience of her life. When he finally came inside her, she was
delirious and barely conscious, just muttering, 'Thank you Master,' over and
over again.  He rolled over; leaving her bound in the middle of the bed, and
went to sleep next to her.

In John's room, after Lisa licked him clean, he picked her up and carried her to
the bath and placed her in the tub.  He ran a nice hot bath, and bathed his pet,
as a Master can do if he wishes.  Lisa was in heaven, and after her bath, she
was permitted to sleep next to him, with only her collar chained to he
headboard.  He made sure to tell her that this type of treatment is a rare
reward, and the harshness of a slave's life would begin again in the morning.

At 7:00 am John and Jack roused their respective girls, and ushered them to one
of the large bathrooms between their rooms.  The girls were instructed that they
had one hour to clean themselves up thoroughly, inside and out, then meet the
men in the kitchen by 8:00 am.  Jack and John each got quick showers in their
rooms and met in the study at 7:30 to discuss the upcoming party and how Daphne
and Lisa would participate.  They quickly agreed that given Lisa's newness to
her role, she would only be used as a minor serving and display piece for the
event.  Daphne, on the other hand, would be the main entertainment event, with
heavy focus on humbling her in front of the people that were once her peers. 
Jack reminded John that there were a couple of slaves coming tonight, who would
relish the opportunity to get some revenge for what Daphne had subjected them to
in the past. 

Jack told John of the offer he made to Daphne, and what he considered the
potential recourse if she failed to choose him.  John was ambivalent about
sending her to the sheik, and suggested that they wait to see what her choice
would be, and then they tuned the monitor to see if the girls were nearly ready.

In the large bath, Daphne and Lisa spoke very little, but each had an air of
relaxation about them as they bathed, douched, and gave each other enemas.  By
the time the men tuned in they were nearly done and were just fixing their hair.
Not having enough time for makeup, Daphne was saying,' we must be in the kitchen
promptly at eight, and since they haven't yet told us their expectations for the
party, getting made up would be a waste.  They told us to be clean, and we are,
so we better get moving.'

'Mistress,' Lisa said sheepishly, not sure if it was appropriate anymore,' what
kind of party is this tonight?'

'Generally, it's a group of Dominants and slaves, who get together to play and
share ideas regarding this lifestyle that they live.  I imagine we will both be
featured tonight, you in a minimal role, since your new.  Me, I'm afraid I will
be made an example of in front of the group, but I expect that, John will need
to show everyone that failing him is not an option.  Last night Jack reminded me
of how powerfully erotic submission can be, and I will soon need to make a
choice about my future.'  As Daphne said this, Lisa sensed some conflict in her.

She asked,' what choice do you need to make Mistress?'

Daphne responded,' I can choose to submit to Jack completely, as his slave, or
continue to pay my penance and hope John restores my former status.  By the way,
for now do not call me Mistress, it is not appropriate.'

'Oh my,' Lisa paused a moment, and then said,' Daphne.  I believe you were a
good Mistress, for what little I know about it, but if you choose to be Jack's
slave, I would be happy to have an experienced slave help in my training going
forward.'

'That's sweet child, now let's get down to the kitchen, our Master's are
waiting.'

With that the two naked slave girls scurried down to the kitchen, where they
found John and Jack sitting at the table.  Following Daphne's instructions the
two women got down on all fours and crawled to the feet of their respective
Masters and gently kissed their feet, then knelt there, tucked into tight balls
with their foreheads touching the floor just in front of them.  

"Well done slaves," said John," I see daphne has remembered proper servitude
etiquette, and communicated it to my little lisa.  Now, get the coffee brewing
and make us bacon and eggs for breakfast.  If we are satisfied with our food,
you will get permission to eat something too."  With that the girls got to their
feet and Daphne led Lisa over to the cabinets, whispered something in her ear
while pointing at cabinets, and they went to work making breakfast.

"Who are we expecting, and when?" asked Jack.

"Joe will be here with the twins by ten," said John, "and at eleven Mistress V
will arrive with her serving sluts, I think she is bringing six of them this
time.  We only have ten people attending tonight, excluding those I just
mentioned.  And with Lisa, Daphne, the twins, and the six sluts, we should be
well served and entertained."

Marvelous, thought Jack, the twins can't stand daphne for what she did to them
at the last party, and they have no problem switching.  I'll have to talk to Joe
about a proper scene for the three of them.

Daphne, while she was getting the bacon and eggs ready (she gave the relatively
simple coffee duty to Lisa, since she had yet to learn the kitchen layout),
cringed when she heard John mention the 'twins'.  She knew they would not have
forgotten the nipple tug of war she submitted them to at the last party, among
the other tortures she delivered that night.  She told herself that she was just
doing Joe's bidding, but she knew that they could tell how much she relished
their pain.  She rightly suspected Jack would allow them their revenge tonight.

Lisa worked quickly and quietly hoping her coffee would be acceptable, since she
had made coffee for John at work, she was fairly confident she could handle it. 
Once it was brewing she, with a little direction from daphne, set the table,
then waited quietly by the coffee maker until it finished brewing.   When it was
done, she quickly took the pot to the table and filled the men's cups, careful
not to spill a drop, then returned the pot to the brewer and awaited further
orders.

Once the men finished the food, they put the plates on the floor, with remnants
of their meal left behind, and ordered the girls to lick the plates clean.  Like
obedient puppies they got on their hands and knees and licked up the breakfast
scraps, then stayed in the bowed position to await their orders. 

John spoke first," Today you two have a lot to do to help prepare for tonight's
party, so listen carefully.  First, you have fifteen minutes to clean the
kitchen, then meet Jack and I in the ballroom. "  With that said, the two men
left daphne and lisa kneeling on the floor.

They rose and quickly cleaned up the breakfast dishes, lisa wanted to ask daphne
so many questions, but decided it was better just to follow along.  After they
finished daphne led lisa to the other side of the house where the ballroom was,
lisa was amazed as they entered since it was the size of a full gymnasium.  It
had parquet hardwood floors and eight twenty foot columns down either side, with
large draperies at the end.  What really caught lisa's attention were the rings
and chains attached to the columns, and the ornate iron chandelier that was not
only a light, but appeared also to be used as a bondage device with many rings
adorning it's rectangular bottom rails, it was nearly twenty feet long. 
Underneath it was an array of bondage equipment, similar, if not the same as in
the dungeon that she spent the week in.

John and Jack appeared busy with a large post in the center of the room, that
was mounted on a raised a square base that stood three feet high with a small
set of steps leading up to it.  The men were mounting a cross beam about five
feet from where the pole came up from the base, making it look like a giant
cross.  The beam had wide leather straps, 3 on each side of the post, attached
and dangling from it.  The two women quietly approached, and following daphne's
lead they kneeled at the foot of the steps and awaited their orders.  Lisa
wanted to study the thing in front of her, but thought better and kept her head
bowed.

John then said," Alright slaves, Jack and I will be busy here for a while
getting lisa's display dais ready for her coming out party tonight.  I need the
two of you to clean and sterilize the other equipment, and make sure everything
is ready for tonight.  Since this is so new to lisa, she is permitted to follow
and assist you daphne, and you have limited speaking privileges to show her what
to do."

With that said, daphne led lisa over to a closet where they pulled out a rolling
3 level cart, full of cleaning equipment, and they proceeded to the first piece
of furniture near the door.  Daphne said, " We will clean each piece with
alcohol wipes and leave a container of them next to it when we are finished. 
Once all the furniture is cleaned and ready we will resume our position in the
center, understand?"

"Yes ma'am," was all lisa could say, display dais?  Coming out party?  Poor lisa
was so confused and worried too, the ominous cross in the center of the room
pervaded her thoughts.

While the two women worked their way around the room, the men were busy on the
dais.  Once the top six foot cross beam was firmly attached, they attached
another about a foot above the base, this one was only four feet long, but it
had diagonal pieces of wood attached at the ends, where lisa's feet would be
attached, keeping her well spread for the guests.  Then John positioned a medium
sized metal butt plug, at just the right height based on the Dr.'s measurements
of lisa.  First he fed wires through the hole he picked in the pole, one of the
many pre-drilled down the center of it, so the wires were dangling out the back
of it.  They tested the the cross to make sure it would rotate properly, since
they wanted to be able to turn lisa so she could view anything that went on
around her, and when they were satisfied they positioned it to face the entrance
to the ballroom again.

By the time they were done, the girls were done one side of furniture and moving
down the next, it was 9:00 and Jack went to inspect the devices the girls had
cleaned, while John left the ballroom.  Jack was always happy prepping for a
party, tonight they had a small one planned, but he knew it would be exciting
nonetheless.  He checked the St. Andrew's crosses and they were sturdy and
properly mounted to their heavy bases, the spanking benches were also in good
order.  The rack was ready, and so were the horses, he especially liked the all
steel horse, with the unpadded bar that was only an inch wide, many a sorry
pussy suffered there, he would have to check daphne's and see if it were ready
for a ride tonight, the twins would love that.

He continued behind the slaves as they finished the last piece of equipment, and
as they proceeded back to their spot to kneel before the dais, he stopped them. 
"Standing present sluts!"  He barked and both women stopped, spread their legs
and locked their hands behind their necks. He cracked each on the ass with his
crop and said, "Stand straighter tits out!"  They obeyed, then he stepped in
front of them and groped their pussy's, one with each hand, neither flinched,
but lisa did gasp slightly at the rough method he employed, Jack stepped back
and cracked a blow across lisa's left tit. 

"Silence, means silence slave!  It seems my slut's pussy is well healed, that's
good, we have plans for it tonight, I wouldn't want to disappoint the guests! 
Lisa, look up at the dais," lisa obeyed, now noticing the two crossbars and the
shiny butt plug sticking out midway up the pole," you will be on display here
for the night.  John expects you will make him proud, so just remember, do not
act up, take whatever comes your way with grace, or you will be punished,
understand?"

"Yes Master!" Lisa nearly barked out the reply.

"Very good, now remember going forward you will respond to me as Sir, John is
your only Master.  Any one who requires you to speak to them is addressed as Sir
or Madam, but you are only to speak if requested, otherwise remain silent,
understand?"

"Yes Sir!" She intoned quite rigidly.

"Daphne, my dear, last night I told you you had a choice to make.  Tonight is
your deadline, when I choose the proper time, I will ask you for your decision. 
It will be sometime during the party, as I want witnesses to your choice.  John
is having the appropriate documents made up should you choose to submit.  Now, I
felt some slight stubble on lisa's pussy, and until it is permanently removed,
take her to a bathroom and make her as smooth as John expects, then go to the
entrance hall and await Joe and the twins. That is all." 

With that Jack left the ballroom, and daphne led Lisa to the upstairs bathroom,
and noticing it was now 9:30, she quickly lathered and shaved lisa's pubic area. 
Then they rushed down to the entrance hall to wait.  As they waited, side by
side in a little alcove just off to the side of the front door, where Daphne
watched a video monitor with a split screen showing the entrance gate and what
must have been the porch just beyond the door.  It was at this point that it
dawned on lisa that they were both still naked.

"Are we supposed to be naked when answering the door, madam?" She asked suddenly
feeling awkward.

"Were we instructed to dress?" Was daphne's only reply, which lisa rightly
understood as a rhetorical question, so she just stood there at attention, just
like her mentor, (she did not think of her as Mistress anymore, obviously.) 

At five of ten, they saw a black van pull up to the gate.  Daphne pressed a
button on the wall and the gate swung inward as the van passed through it, all
the windows were darkened in the van so you could not see in it.  In just a
couple of minutes it became visible again in the second screen as it pulled up
to the steps in front of the porch.  A handsome man, somewhere in his thirties,
lisa thought, got out of the driver's door and walked to the back of the van. 
He opened the double doors, reached in and stepped back with a chain in his
hand.  Lisa saw two nude blondes emerge, and it took her breath away, but before
she could look closer daphne said," follow me."

They stepped behind the front door, and daphne pointed to her right, for lisa to
stand next to her, as she opened the door and they waited.  First she heard the
man step onto the steps, then the click clack of high heels as the women
followed him.  He came through the door, with them just a few feet behind
tethered to the chain he was holding.  Once all three were in, he turned, as
daphne shut the door behind them.

The man turned and surveyed the two nude women behind the door, and with a big
smile said, "Well daphne, I heard you were in the shit, and by your appearance,
I was told right."  He next glanced at lisa, and looked her over from top to
bottom, then said," This must be John's newest toy, my she is beautiful,"
reaching out he grabbed both her breasts, kneading them roughly," what fine
tits, and all natural, unlike my whore's." He said as he gestured to the
identical twin blondes standing side by side behind him.

It was at this point lisa could really look at these two, and they were truly
stunning.  They wore open toed red sandals with at least six in heels, that had
an extra wide leather strap attached to the back that went around their ankles
and were held on with little gold padlocks.  They wore no stockings, and they
didn't need to as their legs were long and shapely right up to their crotches. 
Lisa couldn't see everything their crotches had to offer, she thought she saw
padlocks between their thighs, but wasn't sure since they were standing at
attention, legs together, but she did see the small tattoos right where their
pubic hair once was.  The one on the left had a 'slut' tattoo in ornate letters,
the other girl had 'whore' on her, lisa guessed that it made them easy to tell
apart that way, and she was partially right.  But what really startled lisa were
their chests, their breasts were clearly enhanced, she was staring at the first
two sets of 40EEE breasts she had ever seen.  They were done to stand up and
out, with no sag at all, they looked like four large melons and their nipples,
well they were modified too.  They were pierced, with little bars that had balls
on either side, but what was really fascinating were the gold cones.  Each
nipple had a gold cone nearly an inch long, with one side flared an inch wide
and the smaller end about half that wide.  The wide end of the cone was up
against the middle of the areolas, which were at least two inches wide
themselves, and the small end was trapped behind the little barbells.  The
effect made them look like they had gold nipples, but she guessed they were
stretching them for some reason.

The handsome man spoke, as lisa gawked at the twin's tits," like my ladies
teats, do you slut?  Well what you see is my taste in body modification.  In
another month their last enhancement will be settled enough to send them in for
another upgrade, yes slut they will be bigger yet."  Lisa just kept staring,
trying to digest what she was seeing, and worrying if Master would do that to
her.  As if the man were reading her mind, he continued," I wouldn't worry about
John doing this to your teats bitch, he likes the type you have.  As pretty as
my sluts are, their one drawback when I acquired them was their tits, or lack of
anyway. So for their punishment, and my pleasure, I started a modification plan,
this is one year's worth of work.  I see their nipples also have your attention,
this is another modification technique.  These cones are stretching the nipple
out, the nips are now twice as long as they used to be, I'm not sure how much
further I want to take them, but I am enjoying myself watching them grow.  John
MAY be interested in this for you, your nips are a bit smallish."

Lisa felt very small and vulnerable, but was still drinking in the twin's
delights, she noticed their faces, so alike you couldn't tell the difference,
their hair was golden blonde, and pulled tight down on their scalps. Their
mouths were stuffed with large red balls, that were not attached except by their
mouths holding them in, you could tell there mouths were held wide and
uncomfortably opened by the balls, but they just stared ahead unfazed and
elegant.

"Turn and show your backs to this slave, my haughty little bitches," the
handsome man said, and they pivoted in unison until they faced behind.  Lisa saw
their hair fully now, long braided ponytails that reached the top of their ass
cracks.  Then she saw the tails, also beautiful long blonde hair, coming
directly out of their asses, held in by butt plugs so large, lisa would have
quailed if she saw them.  There was also an intricate tattoo design on their
lower backs outlining the tops of their asses, that were currently red, welted,
and bruised.

"Like their tails, and the lovely colors on their cheeks slaves?  They annoyed
me this morning, and I had to start on them before the party, but I spared their
tits punishment until the guests arrive later," spoke the stranger, then John
and Jack appeared from the study.

"Joe! How the hell are you, " said John as he came up to him.

Joe, old friend, good to see you...and the twins," said Jack.

The men ignored all four women, and proceeded to engage in small talk, mainly in
reference to the twin's tits and the 'modification' plan.  Lisa listened
intently, and shivered when she heard Master say, "nipple extension might be an
idea for Lisa."  Did she have the resolve to follow a man like this she
wondered, the she absentmindedly brushed her hand against her sex, and realized
how aroused and wet she was down there.  She quickly thought better of playing
with herself without permission, and put her hand back to her side.  What she
did realize, was that whatever the reason, she was a wanton slut now, aroused by
things that would have offended her a little over a week ago.  She started to
think about the cross in the ballroom, and being on display for her Master's
pleasure, when laughter broke her reverie, and she noticed the people in front
of her had moved.

The men were standing behind the twins, who were now bent over holding their
ankles with their legs spread, showing off their tails and the other jewelry
they had between their legs.  Lisa saw now, how big the base of the plug was as
it stretched assholes, as Joe had flung their long tails over their backs.  The
pussies in front of her were identically pierced, four separate and inch wide
gold rings along each of their outer lips, and a smaller ring through their
clitoral hoods.  What was really fascinating was the small gold chain that was
threaded, like a shoelace, through each set of rings, being padlocked through
the ring in the hood.  Behind the chain she could see what appeared to be a
silver balls, laced into their cunts.  From this angle, the padlocks were
dangling down pulling the chain tight, making the ball barely visible through
their slits.

"Stand and present," said Joe, and the twins went rigid as they stood, something
had happened.  "Yes they are on remote," said Joe as he pulled a little remote
control out of his pocket.  "The three balls in their cunts and the plugs are
wired to jolt them when I see fit," he said, as he visibly pressed a button for
all to see.  The twins tensed, and their eyes bulged, but 'whore' remained
silent, while 'slut' grunted. 

"Point for whore, demerit for slut," said Joe, "oh, I like to keep them
competitive, they tend to battle to please me this way.  You wouldn't believe
they were sisters the way they torture each other when I let them."  The men
laughed at this, but lisa was fixated on the padlocks now, noticing that when
standing, they also pulled the chain tight.  But now, they pulled down on their
hood rings stretching yet another part of their bodies.

"Well, boys, what's this I hear about daph, in the shit is she?" Joe asked.

"We can discuss that in a bit," John said. " First off, daphne, take the three
wenches and yourself to the dining room, and set the table for 14 people.  At
eleven, send lisa to let in Mistress V, then have lisa bring her sluts to you,
so all you cunts can prepare dinner by six.  Now move!"  John said as he and the
other two men headed to the study.  Daphne ushered the three other women to the
dining room to begin preparing.  Lisa swore the twins scowled at daphne as she
led them with their leashes towards the dining room, she quietly followed
behind.

While the women busied themselves preparing the dining room for the dinner the
men discussed the upcoming festivities.  Joe was thrilled to hear about Daphne's
fall from grace.  He always felt she was a bit snotty, though she did do such
nice work with the twins.  The idea of having them torture Daphne tonight was
appealing, but he didn't want their heads to swell too much.  So they decided
they could torture her, only while they were also being tortured, that would
keep them humble. 

At eleven lisa was waiting in the alcove, alone this time, when she saw a limo
approach the gate.  She pressed the button and it swung open, following the limo
in was a catering truck, she just figured they were together.  She watched as
they approached, and took her position where Daphne was earlier, opening the
door and waiting.  She heard much scurrying beyond the door, and wondered, but
she waited.  First Mistress V came through, ignoring lisa, as she strutted in
and turned facing out the door.

"Hurry up you lazy sluts, you have much work to do and little time.  Next came
six 'maids', all pretty, dressed in maid outfits.  Black spike heels, with
matching stocking and garters.  They had mini outfits on, with cutouts for their
breasts, causing them to stick out and up.  All had rings in their nipples, with
thin silver chains connecting them.  The 'dresses' only came down to their
waists, and their asses and pussies were clearly visible and shaved, like every
woman lisa had seen.  They were all carrying large boxes or trays as they lined
up at attention to the left of their Mistress.

"You may close the door little slave, " the Mistress said as she glanced at
lisa.  Lisa closed the door.

"Do you have instructions from the Master slave?" She asked lisa.

"Yes Madam, the Master awaits in the study, and I am to take your maids to the
kitchen," was all she said, being very careful to sound respectful of this
powerful woman.  Lisa was awed by her beauty, she was dressed in a tight leather
outfit. Leather pants with knee high riding boots, and her top was a black
leather corset pushing up and exposing a generous cleavage and breasts.  Her
face was perfectly made up, she barely showed her 45 years of age. 

"Very well, I know my way, sluts follow this slave," she said pointing to lisa. 
Then she strutted off.

Lisa just said, "follow me," and she led the maids back to the kitchen and
Daphne.  The click clack of their heels as they followed lisa made her realize
how very well ordered this world was, as she felt they sounded like soldiers
marching behind her.

When Mistress V entered the study, she was warmly greeted, hugged, and kissed by
the three men.

They all took seats around the round table in front of John's large desk.

V spoke first," John my boy, if that was lisa who answered the door, she is
quite a gem, just a tad pure looking."  All three chuckled at her remark.

"A couple of months of training, and some modifications will fix that," John
said, then, "which reminds me, did you bring your equipment V?"

"Of course I did silly boy, and thank you for the overnight invitation, I'm
almost looking more forward to tomorrow with lisa, than I am about tonight." 
She said, with an evil smile on her lips.

"You may have two to work on tomorrow V," said Jack," depending on daphne's
decision tonight."

The three then discussed the events of the past week, making V and Joe anxious
to see if daphne was really a slave at heart.  They talked and laughed for over
an hour, each describing ideas for the evening events.  At around 12:30, John
paged daphne and instructed her to have the twins and lisa bring lunch to the
study at one. 

At one o'clock there was a knock on the door, and when she heard 'Come in', lisa
opened the door and led the twins in.  Each of the twins had trays attached to
them at waist height, belted around them, and hanging from chains attached to
their nipples.  They walked slowly and carefully to the table.  There were two
plates and glasses on each of the trays. Lisa proceeded (as instructed by
daphne) to remove the glasses first, then the plates, to help the twins keep it
balanced.  She placed the plates and glasses the in front of everyone, then
stepped back next to the twins and waited.

The twins seemed relieved to be weight free, since the chains were looped behind
their barbells and held up the far corners of the now empty trays.  "Nice
serving trays they make folks," said Joe, "do you mind John?"  Said Joe as he
picked up two large dictionaries a dropped them on each of the empty trays. 
Both girls grunted behind the huge balls still in their mouths.  "Five demerits
each for double failure," said Joe as the three Doms chuckled.

"Lisa, you may return to the kitchen, the twins will be here until we are
finished, we will send them back with the dirty dishes."  John said, lisa
curtsied and backed her way out the door, closing the door.  As she scurried
down the hall she had one hand rubbing her cunt she was so horny.  Every
humiliating debasing, thing she saw made her hotter and more wanton.  She nearly
came as she entered the kitchen, daphne saw her and said," better cut that out
lisa, pleasuring yourself without permission is forbidden."  That stopped her
dead, but daphne knew the Masters would know and lisa now had a punishment
coming.

Back in the study they ate and talked, totally ignoring the pained twins, except
every few minutes when Joe would hit the remote and jolt them.

V finally asked," How long can they take it before one falls over or loses the
book?"

That brought about a bit of discussion as they finished eating, then they
decided to see.  The girls were commanded to stand side by side, legs spread
wide, hand behind their necks.  Joe twirled the remote in his hand as they
looked at it with fear in their eyes, they both knew they could handle the short
bursts, but the long extended jolts would bring them to their knees quickly. 
Each just wanted to out last the other.  All Joe said, before he hit the button
was, "screaming into your balls is permitted."  He depressed, and held the
button as the other three watched the girls.  First they tensed, then grunted,
finally after just ten seconds they were trembling and screaming into the balls. 
After twenty seconds sweat was starting to form all over them, then slut pitched
forward the book crashing to the floor as she fell to her knees.  Whore remained
upright, looking like she would fall too, and Joe released the button, whore
teetered but remained standing.  Slut's head was bowed as she shivered and
moaned on her knees. 

"Up on your feet slut!" Barked Joe, "You will take all the dirty dishes to the
kitchen on your tray.  Whore, may replace both books to where they came from." 
Slut rose, and on wobbly legs, proceeded to clear the table and load her tray,
while whore picked up the book from the floor (all without losing the book still
on her tray), then returned both books to where Joe found them.  Once all was
done, Joe said," Back to the kitchen and your chores.  Slut that's ten demerits,
and five points to whore for winning."

After the twins were gone, they returned to their conversation, as if nothing
had happened.  Down in the kitchen the women were busy getting all the food that
was brought by the Mistress and her maids, and prepping the dining room for the
formal dinner.  Lisa was struck by the efficiency all the women showed, daphne
had been the director, but seldom spoke, just gesturing to make everyone stay on
track.  The intercom buzzed, daphne answered the phone, saying" yes sir, thank
you sir."  She then informed everyone, just as the twins came in, that they were
permitted to eat a light lunch, and the twins could remove their mouth balls. 
Watching the large balls pop free of their mouths impressed lisa, as she
wondered how they fit at all.  The twins worked their jaws to ease the release
in tension, but said nothing.

The slaves and maids ate a quick and light lunch of salads and fruits, knowing
very well that they should eat light to lessen their discomfort later.  When
they finished they all cleaned up and got back to work.  Lisa just followed
daphne's lead and helped in various ways.  At four o'clock Mistress V appeared
at the entrance to the kitchen, and proceeded to inspect the work.  She was
pleased knowing all was ready, and the next hour she could spend properly
prepping these eight sluts for the dinner party. 

"All right slaves, time to doll you up for dinner, follow me," said the
Mistress.  The women paired up in two lines, two sets of maids, followed by the
twins, then lisa and daphne, as they marched to the second floor.  They entered
a room lisa had not yet seen, large and rectangular, with clothes racks filled
with outfits lining the walls, and a circular area in the middle.  It was
obviously a large dressing room, and Mistress took a seat in a large, ornate
high back chair. 

"Time to pick out appropriate outfits for you girls," she said gesturing to the
twins, lisa, and daphne.  "lisa, dear little slave, you first," she said as she
pointed to a rack of light colored outfits.  The four maids quickly went and
picked a different outfit each, while the Mistress gestured lisa to the center
of the room.  They then returned with their choices and one by one, held them in
front of lisa for the Mistress to view.  She rejected the first four, then
again, the second batch.  On the third batch she saw the one she liked, an all
white school girl skirt and blouse set, that was virtually transparent.  "That
one with white stockings and garter belt, and a pair of white spikes, six inch
heels," she said.  The maids neatly hung the outfit on a T shaped rack just off
to the side, while one fetched the other accessories for it.

"Now you, daphne my dear," was all Mistress said.  Lisa returned to standing by
the twins as daphne took her place in front of Mistress, as the Mistress pointed
to a rack of all red clothing.  The process with the maids was repeated for
daphne.  This time it took five trips before the outfit was picked, for daphne
it was a clingy red dress, with a corset built in the middle and transluscent
fabric that would partially cover her breasts.  The skirt below the corset was
also red and sheer, but ruffled with a jagged bottom hem.  Lisa thought daphne
would appear much like a serving wench in that outfit.  Red stockings, garter,
and pumps would complete the outfit.

Now it was the twins turn, as the still naked daphne took her spot next to lisa. 
This time the maids approached a rack especially here for them, each outfit was
paired, so they could be dressed alike. After six trips, the Mistress  said,"
No, no, no, these two should not be covered up at all, just get black leather
half corsets for them."  The maids complied and the second pair was the choice.
It used straps, not laces to cinch them, and had metal rings mounted around the
waists.  She instructed the maids to also out fit them in thigh high leather
boots, and nothing else.

" Now, lisa step to the center again," said Mistress, and lisa obeyed.  "Dress
her quickly, I will need to take her with me, then dress the other three and be
in the study ready to serve drinks at five.  Except you daphne, you will be at
the front door at a quarter of the hour."  By the time she was done speaking the
maids were all over lisa and her outfit was on her in five minutes.  "Quickly
now girls, get her made up nicely." At that command the maids led her to a make
up table by the wall and with four working she was dolled up in ten minutes.

"Follow me lisa," said the Mistress as they left the room together.  Lisa was a
bit wobbly in the heels, but kept pace with the Mistress as they descended to
the foyer by the front door.  Right in the middle of the foyer there was now a
white post six feet tall, just standing straight up, seemingly from inside the
floor.

"Place your back to the pole slave, facing the door, arms at your sides," said
Mistress and lisa obeyed.  Mistress had a pile of white leather straps on a
table to the side, and proceeded to bind lisa to the pole.  When she was done
there were straps circling her ankles, knees, thighs, waist, and just above and
below her breasts.  Finally a one inch wide belt with a white ball in the middle
was placed in front of her mouth, she instinctively opened it to accept the
ball, as Mistress strapped her head to the pole with the gag.

"You are quite a pretty picture slave, I am sure you will please your Master
tonight."  She then patted lisa on the cheek and wandered off, leaving lisa to
stare at the door.  Shortly, daphne arrived, decked out in her wench outfit, and
took her place in the alcove, she did not look at or acknowledge lisa at all. 
In a few minutes she moved to the side of the door, and opened it, five couples
entered, all at once. They were all well dressed, the men casual but with a
common theme, all in black clothes.  The women were all in revealing dresses,
and they were all beautiful.  Two appeared to lisa like the Mistress, with cold
hard looks, the other three seemed deferential, like slaves she thought.  They
all gathered round lisa's bound form and looked her up and down, one of the men
looked back at daphne as she closed the door.

"Whose pretty treat is this daph?"  He asked.

"She is lisa, Sir, Master John's new slave." Replied daphne, " Master is
awaiting you in the dining room for drinks." She said politely. She hoped no
other embarrassing questions or comments would follow, she was wrong. 

"So Daph, we here you fucked up, and are part of the entertainment tonight
instead of the emcee."  Said the same man, with a wicked grin on his face.

"Yes Sir, I have offended the Master of the house, and I am happy to pay the
price He demands," she said feeling proud that she could control herself in this
situation.

"Excellent," he exclaimed, then," come on folks, I'm sure we will see plenty of
lisa and daphne tonight, let's get dinner out of the way."  As he led the group
back to the dining room, leaving lisa and daphne alone. 

Daphne just stood there, lost in her thoughts, when the twins arrived.  For the
first time lisa heard them speak, as they said in unison, "we are instructed to
move lisa to her place in the ballroom, then return and help serve dinner." 
They were stunning in the thigh high boots, and tight ciorsets that let their
breasts remain free and visually even taller and perkier than before. 

The three, quickly released lisa, then led her to the ballroom and the dais. 
They attached leather cuffs to her ankles, and a large white leather posture
collar that kept her head rigid and straight.  Daphne greased the butt plug as
the twins had her step onto the angled wooden foot supports, then they all
guided her back onto the plug, which resisted entry, until the twins forced her
back.  She gasped as it spread her ass, but relaxed when it popped into her. 
They then chained her ankle cuffs to the crossbeam.  The twins took her left
arm, and daphne her right as they strapped them outstretched over the upper
crossbeam.  With that done, they all left her there, and went to help finish the
dinner activities.

In the dining room the guests feasted and were served by the beautiful slaves,
as they discussed the games to come that night.  John admonished everyone that
lisa was mainly a display, and the only play allowed with her was with her ever
steamy pussy.  He assured everyone that they would see a rare sight when she
came.  He also promised them that at Joe's party next month, once her training
was farther along, she would be properly tortured for the group.  One week, all
agreed, was not enough time to guarantee she wouldn't be mentally damaged by
their attentions.  Her role tonight was to observe the activities around her,
with a measured amount of stimulation, in order to send her desires to a more
radical level.

When daphne and the twins returned, the main course had been served, and the
guests were eating.  Mistress V was complimented on her choice of slaves for the
night's festivities, and everyone was impressed once they saw the twins. 
Conversation regarding daphne stopped once she returned, but all the guests knew
she was in for a tortuous night.  After desert was done, and the dishes cleared,
John and Jack led the group, with slaves following behind them, to the ballroom. 

Upon entering, the guests were impressed by lisa's position on the dais.  John
and Jack ordered the twins up onto it, to tear lisa's schoolgirl outfit off, so
everyone could appreciate her naked beauty.  They obeyed, and roughly tore the
uniform off, leaving just the sleeves that were trapped where her arms were
strapped to the crossbeam.  Mistress V ordered her maids to remove their
uniforms, and soon they stood in a line in just stocking and heels.  The five
other women were also ordered to strip, by their men, and while they were
undressing Jack and John grabbed daphne.

They dragged her over between two columns and attached wrist and ankle cuffs,
then chained her spread wide between the columns.  The twins were ordered off
the dais, and over to where daphne was chained.  Since daphne was the only one
still dressed, the twins were again ordered to rip her dress off, and they
obeyed with relish.  Mistress V and the other guests spread around the ballroom
attaching the rest of the naked slaves to the varied equipment.

Once they finished binding and stripping daphne, Jack and John led the twins
over to the rack.  There they had both girls get up on it, on their backs.  They
attached wrist and ankle cuffs, then tensioned them up so they were nicely
stretched.  By the time they were done, all the slaves were bound throughout the
ballroom, and the Doms gathered round the twins. 

"Now they are going to get the breast torture they were promised," said Joe as
he produced two long rattan canes.  Handing them to Jack and John, he said,"
they have earned fifty strokes each, would you care to do it for me? They wore
out my arm on their asses this morning"

The men said nothing, they just took up positions on either side of the rack,
ready to start the beating.  John then said," just a minute," as he used a small
remote to turn lisa so she could watch the punishment, "Mistress V, would you
mind providing lisa with some stimulus while she watches?"

"Certainly my dear boy, I was wondering how long I would have to wait to play
with her," she said as she mounted the dais, and stood next to lisa, putting one
hand over her crotch and dipping her fingers in her ever wet slit.  "OOH, John,
what a horny little slut you found!" 

The men began the beating, as the others watched.  The twins made no noises for
the first ten strokes, but the second ten evoked grunts as their tits reddened
and welts sprang up.  As they passed thirty, they could hold back no longer, and
they screamed in unison, as Jack and John caned them harder and harder.  Lisa,
on the dais and under the expert fingers, came hard when the screaming started,
and gushed her juices all over the Mistress' hand.

"John, your slave just came without permission," said V.  All turned to see lisa
quivering on the cross.

"I told you she has yet to be properly trained, she's quite a horny slut," John
said as he and Jack paused, to let the twins catch their breath.  Their tits
were already showing signs of bruising and bleeding under the skin, but the
flesh was still unbroken.  Then they resumed, harder than before, causing the
twins to scream in anguish as they received the final twenty.  Their breathing
was ragged and they were crying genuine tears when the men were done beating
them.

Joe rolled over a cart next to the rack, full of candles in jars.  They had been
burning a while since all the jars had a large amount of liquid wax at the top. 
Joe said, " now to properly cover up these poor wounded tits."  He picked up a
jar and positioned it about a foot above whore's left tit, the he poured it all
around her breast, just avoiding the golden nipple.  Whore arched her back and
screamed, as her beaten tit was covered in hot red wax.  Joe took another jar,
walked around the rack, and did the same to slut's right tit, the reaction was
the same.  Twice more this was done until all four tits were covered in
hardening red wax. 

"I think they need another coating, would you mind Jack, I would like to watch
this time," said Joe.

"Certainly my friend," said Joe, as he took blue candles this time and bathed
the tits in wax again.  When he was done the purplish looking wax had fully
encased their massive orbs, with their golden nipples jutting up on top.  While
this was occurring, Mistress V took up a kneeling position in front of lisa,
wanting to taste this slave's cunt.  She got a mouthful of nectar each time the
wax was applied, and lisa was nearly delirious now.

The group moved over to daphne, and the Mistress left lisa to revel in her post
orgasmic bliss.  John rotated the cross, so lisa could see daphne clearly.  Jack
rolled another small table over to daphne's side, and she gasped seeing what was
on it.  The first thing Jack took was a pair of metal rings, with chains
attached to it's perimeter.  They were four inches wide, and he forced them over
her breasts, which were much wider.  With effort he squeezed each of her lovely
tits through the holes, until the rings were flat on her chest, making her tits
bulge and engorge as they jutted from her chest.  He attached the chains behind
her neck, and across her back to secure the rings properly.  Two chains still
dangled from the bottom, nearly down to her knees.  He the produced a ten inch
long, two inch wide metal dildo, that was studded down it's length.  He forced
it up her cunt, rather brutishly, as she grunted and moaned.  When it was fully
in her, you could see the ring attached to it's base, he had Joe hold it there
while he picked up a large metal butt plug, and stepped behind her.  Again she
grunted as that intruder filled her bowels.  When that was done, the two men
threaded the dangling chains through the rings in each of the monsters now
filling daphne, and attached it at the back where the other chain crossed her
back.

They stepped back and admired her discomfort, as her tits were now a deep red. 
Jack then took a small black box, with with three long wires coming out of it,
terminating in overly large alligator clamps.  Jack sucked on daphne's nipples,
until they were hard and elongated, then he attached the clamps.  Joe knelt
down, when Jack was done, and worked her clit and hood between the two chains
holding the dildos in place, then clamped her there.  That was more than daphne
could stand and she screamed in agony, John quickly stuffed a large rubber gag
in her mouth to shut her up, and buckled it behind her head.  Though now
muffled, it took several minutes for daphne's screams to abate.

Jack the adjusted the controls on the black box, and set it down, the
explained," she will get increasingly strong electrical jolts, over the next
hour, which will prime her for the punishment she will get next.  Shall we
spread out and enjoy the other sluts?  The two main shows are over for now, we
will return to the twins and daphne for the grand finale later."  With that said
the Doms spread out around the room and began playing with the other bound
women, as John went up onto the dais to visit his pet.

He hit a button on the remote that started her cross slowly turning, and he
said," Well my little slave, are you enjoying the show?"

"Yes Master, please forgive me for cumming without permission," she said as she
watched the multiple torments surrounding her bound body.

"You will learn to control your slutty body slave, and you will be punished for
your mistakes along the way.  I am sure you have noticed all the jewelry these
slave wear, what do you think of it?"  John asked.

"It is very beautiful and erotic, it makes them seem so much more...slave like."
She answered.

"Tomorrow Mistress V will install my jewelry on you, are you prepared to accept
my gifts?" 

"Thank you Master, whatever pleases You pleases me, I am here to serve You."

"Good answer, " he said, as he slid his hand over her crotch and massaged her
clit until she came again. 

He then left her to watch as the tortures continued.  She was enthralled as she
saw the slaves beaten and raped around her.  Whips, canes, paddles, and other
instruments were used to torture the women around her, as she slowly turned and
watched it all.  One of the haughty looking bitches was now hanging upside down
in a rectangular wooden rack, legs spread wide to the top corners.  Her wrists
were at the bottom, corners, making her into an inverted X.  Two large candles
were sticking out of her cunt and ass, as they dripped down her pubis and ass. 
A man was flogging her tits, and she passed out of view.  Lisa realized they
were all slave, except for Mistress V.  The arrogant looking ones, didn't appear
arrogant anymore.

Soon she was facing poor daphne again, bathed in sweat and jerking as the
electricity jolted her over and over.  Her tits were now purple, and she was
drooling all over her chest, as she moaned in pain, all alone between the
columns.  As the twins came back into view, they were quietly lying on their
backs, the wax on their chests fully hardened. 

Next lisa saw two men, fucking a suspended maid from front and rear at the same
time.  Another maid was sitting astride an inverted V of wood, her pussy clearly
taking her weight, as her legs were pulled down and chained to it's base.  Her
wrists were shackled above her head, and she was trying to pull herself up, as
the Mistress flogged her red and welted back.  The depravity around her excited
lisa like never before, and she dreamed of being pierced and ringed for her
Master.

Finally her turning stopped, facing daphne again, as the Doms crowded around
her.  The twins had been released and one stood behind her, the other in front,
both were holding large floggers.  Lisa perked up and strained to watch daphne's
next ordeal.  Joe was talking to the twins, but she could not hear what was
said, but she saw him step back and lift his little remote.  He hit the button,
the twins gasped, then together stuck daphne with their floggers.  Each time Joe
hit a button, they struck, and daphne and the twins suffered.  This continued
for an hour or more, until daphne's body was red, welted and bruised from ankle
to neck.  They stopped when she slumped her head forward and passed out.

Jack then did something to the little black box, and suddenly daphne's body went
rigid with a large blast of current, and she awoke to the searing agony.  She
screamed like a banshee into her gag, and her legs and arms tugged at the
chains, then it stopped.  Jack removed her gag, and then kissed her full on the
lips.  Much to daphne's surprise, she responded by kissing him deeply.

He stepped back, and said," time to choose slut, are you ready to submit to me
as your Master?"

Her voice was barely there, and she struggled to respond, she said," I am just a
pain slut.  If you will take me I will be yours.  Please accept me as a slave,
please be my Master."  She genuinely meant it, all the years of dominating other
women never made her feel whole.  Jack had unleashed her true submissive
personality, and she wanted the pain and pleasure that came with it.

"Well done slave, tomorrow you will receive my marks of ownership.  And tonight,
your final reward will be a ride on the metal horse."  Said Jack, as he and John
began releasing her limbs from the poles.  She nearly fell into Jack's arms when
she was released and he carried her over to the horse.  Once there, John and Joe
assisted him as they positioned her still stuffed crotch over the thin metal
bar.  They yanked the alligator clips roughly off her, the slowly lowered her
onto the bar.  The pain was intense, and she squirmed, but the three men kept
her balanced and in place until her ankles were secured to the back legs.  Her
hands were hoisted high and chained above her head.  They stepped back and
watched as she tried to rise up with her arms to keep the pressure of the dildo
and plug that were now driving into her, but she was too weak to relieve much of
the pressure, so she just quietly suffered on the bar.

The Doms quickly spread out and began releasing the captives around the dungeon. 
The five strange men soon took their women away, likely to service the pent up
needs of the Masters in private.  This left the Mistress and her maids, Joe and
the twins, and the original foursome in the ballroom.  They had the twins lie on
their backs on the rack again, but did not bind them.  The four Doms worked in
pairs, and carefully removed the wax from their tits, and managed to pull each
whole from their breasts, leaving molds Joe planned on making tit sculptures
from.

The maids were ordered, during this procedure, over to lisa, where they attacked
her with their tongues.  One on each breast, and the other two between her legs. 
In a few short minutes lisa was having another orgasm.

Finally, they returned to daphne and removed her from the horse, her punishment
over for the night.  Once removed they put her on the now vacated rack, where
the twins were ordered to gently remove the the rings and plugs.  Once she was
free of the ornaments from her body, she was again bound spread eagle on the
rack.  The twins were ordered this time to pleasure her, slut on her pussy, and
whore on her battered tits.  Daphne lay there as the twins helped her pass from
intense pain to submissive pleasure.  Jack and the Mistress paired off the maids
and were serviced by them, as John again went to visit his pet. 

As he approached, lisa saw him pull his hard cock from his pants, and step right
in front of her.  Without a word he thrust into her sopping cunt.  He then hit a
switch on the remote in his pocket, and her butt plug sent electric shocks into
her ass.  She came instantly, and he fucked her hard and fast, her mind was now
a blur, sensations overwhelming her.  When he started to come, she passed out,
diving deeply into a black abyss of warmth and comfort.

The next time she awoke, her true training and preparation for ownership by John
would begin...




Chapter 8: Marked for Ownership



Lisa awoke with a start, her last memory was Master fucking her while she was
bound to the cross with the nasty electric butt plug.  Now she was lying in the
dark, the plug was definitely gone, but she was unable to move her arms and
legs.  She rolled to her right, and was stopped by what she thought were bars,
through the cloth she felt covering her.  When she rolled to her left, she felt
another body next to hers, but she couldn't see a thing, she did hear her
neighbor's breathing.  She felt like she was in a cocoon, her whole body from
the neck down, felt constricted by the tight fabric.  As she let her senses
adjust, she could tell there were straps around her, holding the fabric tight. 
Her hands were resting on her stomach, but she couldn't move a muscle to move
them around.  Suddenly she was horny again, she could feel the dampness between
her tightly bound thighs.  She wasn't scared at all, as this scenario would have
caused a week ago, nor the least bit surprised.  She really felt like her
Master's slave now, owned and used in any way he saw fit.

She lay there thinking of what she saw in the ballroom, and had several
mini-orgasms reliving the sights in her mind.  Could she take the abuse she saw
the twins and daphne endure last night?  What scared her, was the idea that she
really wanted to find out, and felt a determination to be the best slave she
could.  Slave, the word rolled through her head, no choices, just obedience, and
with a man that just turned her body to putty.  So much the better to be molded,
she thought.  Then she remembered the conversation with Master about slave
jewelry, and the twins with their permanent chastity rings and golden nipples. 
What was he going to do to her?  Well, she new Mistress would be showing her
soon.

Her mind then dwelled on Mistress V, since daphne was relegated to slave hood
now. Oh my! I do have a real slave sister now, she chose Jack as her Master, she
thought, suddenly elated that she had someone who knew what was expected.  But
Mistress V was still her main thought, how powerful yet feminine she was.  She
exuded an aura that she did not feel with daphne, although she was demanding on
her, the Mistress had an air about her that her first Mistress did not.  She was
going to be pierced, the word sent a chill and thrill up her spine, where she
didn't know, but knew it was beyond her control.  In fact, lisa had reached a
milestone in her training, realizing she had NO control, and never would.  She
did not want it anyway, she was not very good at maintaining control.

Suddenly a light came on, and she blinked until her eyes adjusted to the
brightness.  She first looked to her left, and saw daphne next to her, wrapped
in a red blanket.  Six straps, three on her legs and three on her torso, totally
immobilized her.  Looking down her chin, she saw she was a perfect match to
daphne, and she also noticed they were in a cage on the floor.  She was glad she
was wrapped so tight, if she had tried to sit up she would have banged her head
on the bars just above her head.  When she looked to her right, she gasped.

There, just a few feet away were the twins, and she felt pity for them.  They
were mounted to twin T shaped poles, with padded crossbars attached to a round
metal upright.  Their arms were draped over the crossbar, so it was wedged
behind their back, and tight into their armpits.  Their arms were pulled
forward, with the wrists cuffed together and chained across their stomachs. 
This caused their backs to arch, thrusting their bruised tits out and up, and
the chain across their bellies dug into the flesh.  To make matters worse, their
ankles were cuffed and chained, pulled back and up.  Their ankles were attached,
with chains, to each end of the cross bar.  She also noticed they had their
ankles strapped to their thighs, and they were dangling three feet from the
floor, so they were carrying their weight in their armpits.

Oh what a cruel Master they have, she thought.  She did not know the depths of
these two masochists needs, and that they were just where they wanted to be. 
They suffered hanging there, but were happy that way.  What amazed lisa, was
that they were actually sleeping, as there heads were slumped and there eyes
hadn't opened.  Lisa then noticed the weights on their nipples, large fishing
weights hung from them, mounted with chains looped around their barbells.  She
also saw their pussies were freed from the chains as they were gaping open in
front of her, and the tails weren't dangling behind them.  She thought, at least
they had some relief from being stuffed for so long.

Lisa heard a door open, and four maids from last night entered, and came over to
the cage, they spoke among themselves ignoring the dungeon's tenants.

"Gloria, Joe said five more pounds per," one said as she handed another maid
four fishing weights," Jane, and Jo, help me get the other sluts out of the
cage."  The one girl went towards the twins, while the other three surrounded
the cage.  They lifted the lid, which opened like a coffin would, lisa thought.
One maid took her shoulders, and another her ankles, and lifted her out, laying
her on a hard metal table a few feet away.  They did the same to daphne, and put
her on a table next to lisa.  By now, the fourth had hung the extra weights on
the twins, who were still out cold.  The four just wheeled the cocooned slaves
out the dungeon door and to the elevator, without saying another word.  It was a
large elevator lisa never saw before, and it deposited them on the second floor,
where the bedrooms were.  They went down a couple of halls, and stopped at a
double door, another place lisa had yet to encounter.  Both doors were opened
and the tables with the girls were rolled in.

This was the largest bathroom she had ever seen, it was actually two complete
bathrooms on either side, fifteen feet deep and thirty wide.  The other two
maids were here already, and lisa heard two baths running as they filled.  In a
flash, the two that brought her, unstrapped and unwrapped her, and were helping
her into the tub.  She noticed the other two, had to drag a barely conscious
daphne over to the other bath, but the three on that side carefully and gently
lifted her in.  She heard her moan of pleasure as she entered the tub, and she
was feeling the same.  The six maids, bathed and pampered the two slaves for an
hour, letting them use the toilet before their douches and enemas.  Daphne's
wounds were treated with ointment, and lisa got the most marvelous massage of
her life, and had to fight hard not to come during it.

They were taken to the kitchen, still nude, when they were done bathing and
tending to them.  They had them sit at the table, and were fed a delicious
breakfast, both realized they were ravenous from the light meals and hard play
of the day and night before.  It was then that lisa saw a clock, and realized it
was noon already.  How late were we up and how long were we in the cage?  She
thought how even time, or the days of the week, were rapidly becoming irrelevant
to her.

Daphne spoke," I was quite a spectacle last night, wasn't I?"

Lisa replied," I was hoping you would choose Jack, you made me so happy!  You
took such a cruel punishment, and still chose slavery, why?"

"The other choice I had provided no security, if I could not regain John's
trust, he would have sold me." That caught lisa by surprise, daphne continued,"
But the night before, when they each took us to their rooms, Jack did something
to me."

"What," lisa interjected, before daphne could finish her thought.

"He pleasured me the way no one ever has, yes I was bound and helpless, but
DAMN, it was so intense and passionate.  I never felt so alive, and," she paused
a moment, then said," wanted.  Before he let me come, he worked me to within an
inch of an orgasm, and when I begged for release, he stopped."

"Oh my," lisa said.

"He then told me that he wanted to own me, that he felt I was truly a slave at
heart.  He then demonstrated how he would please me, and sister, I felt like I
came for a lifetime that night."

"I know the feeling," lisa started.

"Maybe, maybe not yet, but at any rate, when I awoke in the middle of the night
and saw him sleeping draped across my still bound body, I knew I wanted him to
own me.  It just took the day yesterday for me to convince my so-called Dom side
that I was never going to experience that again.  Prepping for the party,
leading the other women around and keeping order was fine, but it was no longer
thrilling.  Being tortured last night was, and though I am sore all over, at
least I feel content, truly happy."

"Thank you, sister," she really felt like one now, "I am so happy to have such a
strong role model to learn how to please Master properly.  If it all right with
you, I will still follow your lead," lisa smiled and took her hand in hers."

"Follow us please," was said by the maid that seemed to be the leader," Mistress
is ready for you now."

The two 'new' slaves followed the maids back down to the dungeon, where their
Mistress awaited the slave flesh she was going to brightly adorn.  This time
they took the steps, slaves rarely rode the elevators, except under special
circumstances.  When they entered they saw John, Jack, Joe, and the Mistress
standing by the still bound twins. 

"How long they been hanging now?"  Jack asked, just so lisa and daphne could
hear what was going on, knowing full well how long, since he helped hang them
there.

"Their eight hours of rest are nearly up," said Joe.

"Oh here come our pretty little slaves," said Mistress V, "attach them to the
chairs, she said to the head maid."

Lisa and daphne were led over to two gyn tables, that were set facing each
other, and they were securely strapped in place.  Lisa was happy she was tightly
bound, figuring correctly, that it was time for the piercing.  She noticed the
table with betadine, alcohol, and an array of metal instruments sealed in
plastic and paper packages.

John then spoke to the two of them, "Today you both will receive piercing and
jewelry that will mark you as our property.  Daphne, since you have been
pierced, and know how to react to that pain, you will be first.  I hope lisa
sees the proper restraint I know you can demonstrate.  You will both receive the
same piercings, only lisa will get two more today," he gently pulled on daphne's
current rings," since you had a head start.  In all, you will each have four
rings through you outer labia, and one through the hood, just like the twins. 
Your nipples will get the same type of barbells, and you earlobe holes will be
expanded to hold thicker rings there.  Finally, we decided that all four of you,
the twins included, will receive nose rings.  Joe has indicated that they don't
seem fully marked by him as their owner.  When in public, the rest of their
rings are hidden."

Lisa was shocked, twelve new piercings, and two enlarged, with no anesthetic. 
Could she handle it?  If daphne could, she would have to.  First she had to
watch, oh my, why couldn't they just do her first and get it over with?  She
resolved to handle it as best she could, after today she would wear her Master's
jewelry, and be proud of it.  She just hoped they would gag her when it was her
turn.

"Open up," Mistress said to daphne, as she placed a rubber wedge into her mouth,
"bite down on this as you need to slave, I know this will hurt you more than
me."

She then sat on a stool between daphne's legs, as two maids stood by the table.  
The Mistress said, over her shoulder, "sorry slave, this part you won't be able
to see, but you will have a good view of her nipple and nose piercing."  They
proceeded to work, as a maid took a bottle of betadine and looked like she
squirted it over daphne's crotch.  The other maid started handing things to the
Mistress, as lisa strained to look past Mistress at daphne's face.  Suddenly
daphne grimaced and groaned, tensing her muscles as that was all the movement
she could make. 

"Ring," was all Mistress said, and lisa first saw what she would be wearing.  It
was a gold ring, one inch wide and thick, just like the twins and identical to
daphne's other two rings.  Mistress spoke to John and Jack," these are a
wonderful design, once locked together, they can only be removed by cutting them
off."  Within a minute daphne reacted again, another piercing was done.  The
ring was handed over and installed.  Six times lisa counted, then the seventh
time daphne's reaction was different.  It was less intense, just a short grunt,
lisa guessed that the hood piercing was not as painful as the lips were.  The
ring this time was smaller by half, again like the twins.

Finally Mistress said, "clean her up," as she stepped away, lisa did not see
anything yet as a maid moved right into her view.  She heard daphne's groaning
as the maid 'cleaned' the pierced area.  When she stepped away, daphne's pussy
appeared much like the twins, except her pussy was swollen, more from last night
she thought.  There were specks of blood around the rings, but otherwise she
appeared fine.

Mistress was now standing next to the chair, with a magic marker, as two maids
sucked on daphne's nips, getting them erect.  When the maids were satisfied her
nipples were engorged as much as possible, they each swabbed the nipples with
bateadine, then took a hemostat with O shaped ends, and clamped the bulging
buds.  Mistress used the marker to place a small dot in the center of the
clamped nipples.  She then took a thick needle, and lined it up, as a maid held
and slightly pulled up on one hemostat, stretching the nipple some more.  Lisa
saw the needle enter one side, as daphne gasped, the other side bulged slightly
and the needle popped though.  Daphne tensed and grunted when it came out the
other side, and was panting heavily as the Mistress worked it back and forth a
couple of times, before leaving it in her nipple.  The maid still held the
hemostat in place, as the Mistress left the skewered nipple, and moved to the
other side of the table.  The procedure was repeated, and lisa's pussy was
lubricating heavily even though she was truly scared.

The Mistress returned to the other side and picked up the two barbells, she laid
one in daphne's cleavage, and then showed John and Jack how it worked.  One ball
was fixed to the quarter inch bar, and the other popped free when she pushed
then twisted it a bit.  "These, of course are removable, per you request.  They
do need to stay in for a month, to insure proper healing of the wounds," said
the Mistress.  She returned to daphne's side, and slid the now ball free end
onto the end of the needle still in her nipple.  Then she pushed it through
until the needle backed out and the bar replaced it.  She took the loose ball
and inserted and twisted to lock it in place.  The maid released the hemostat,
and the nipple expanded until only the balls were visible on either side of the
nipple.  Around the table the Mistress went, and in a couple of minutes, daphne
had her nipple studs done.  There was a little blood pooling around her nipples
as the circulation returned, and the alcohol swabbing by the maids made daphne
wince and moan.

Next the Mistress found each of daphne's ear lobe holes, and produced an even
thicker needle.  She had the maids hemostat her lobes, and with her view
somewhat obstructed lisa could only guess what it looked like.  Before, they
went any further another maid strapped daphne's forehead down tight to the
table, and ran another strap over her mouth and the rubber wedge, locking her
head still.  Whatever happened was a blur to lisa, until she saw the very thick
two-inch rings that were going to be placed in her ears.  They had the look of
the permanent ones that were in daphne's pussy now.

Once they finished daphne's ears, the last area to be done was directly in
lisa's sight, her nose.  The Mistress produced a small, but thick, curved needle
for this one.  She lined up the needle just inside and above the fleshy part in
the middle of her nostrils.  When the needle entered her septum, daphne actually
screamed into her gag, though she didn't budge, as she was strapped too tight. 
When Mistress moved her hands away to get the half inch nose ring, lisa saw the
C shaped needle going up one nostril, through the dividing wall, and curving out
the other side.  Lisa saw the ring had a quarter of it hinged open, and the
Mistress attached the end of the longer part to the needle to the end of the
needle, then fed it back through the septum until the ring was in place.  She
removed, the needle, and closed the ring; lisa heard a slight click as it locked
permanently in place. 

The maids used swabs to clean her nostrils, then released the straps and removed
the wedge from daphne's mouth.  She immediately said," Thank You Mistress,"
though she sounded hoarse and ragged.

The ring was just big enough to rest above her upper lip, lisa thought it looked
sexy and made daphne really look like a slave. 

The Mistress turned to looked at lisa, and said," Your turn."

While the Mistress moved her table of equipment over with the maids, and started
prepping, Master appeared at lisa's side.  He said," She is quite beautiful with
her new rings, as you will be.  Today is your first taste of complete
submission, make me proud."

"Yes Master, Thank You Master," said lisa, not feeling at all confident.  For
her, Mistress had a strap on rubber wedge, fearing lisa was not yet conditioned
enough to pain to keep it in her mouth as daphne did, and that made lisa feel
slightly more secure.  The only problem was her head was now locked down, and
she could not see her body, as the Mistress prepped her.  She felt the
antiseptic poured on her crotch, and the excess swabbed up.  She saw a maid with
another hemostat; this one had an elongated oval end a quarter inch wide and
three inches long.  She felt her labia manipulated, as it was attached capturing
her left outer lip from top to bottom, when it clicked shut she winced from the
pressure she felt.  She then felt four light taps of the marker as Mistress
marked the ring locations. 

Suddenly she felt the first needle stab through her, and she screamed into her
gag totally unprepared for that level of pain.  When it popped through, she
passed out; Mistress asked John if she should be revived before continuing John
nodded.  A maid broke a smelling salt capsule under her nose, and lisa's eyes
sprang open.  There was no pain at the moment, but lisa felt the needle in her,
then she felt it move and the pain returned, though not as intense.  Mistress
removed the hemostat and had the first ring installed in a few seconds.  This
time lisa readied herself and stayed conscious as the hemostat was attached and
the next needle pierced her, though she screamed again.  It really was torture,
and she felt no pleasure in her loins, just pain.  By the time the first side
was done, she was sweating profusely, and the maids swabbed her body with cool
damp cloths before starting the other side.  She felt as though she was not
handling this that well, at least not as well as daphne, but she saw Master out
of the corner of her eye.  He had a pleased look on his face, and she felt
better.

The procedure was repeated on her other lip, and as it progressed, she better
handled herself and her reaction to the pain.  It was short intense bursts when
the needles pierced her lips and an extreme soreness as the rings were
implanted, but she felt now she could handle it, and she did well.  When the
eight were done, they gave her a couple of minutes to relax, before the hood
ring was installed.  The hemostat hurt worse than the piercing this time.  When
it was done, and Mistress rested the ring atop her swollen clit, lisa got a
thrill from feeling Master's metal on and in her body.  She reacted poorly to
the alcohol swabbing and fainted away again.

While she was still unconscious the Doms discussed her reactions.  They realized
daphne had an edge, having been conditioned to far worse pain, so they were
pleased at how well she was holding up.  They agreed she should be revived for
the rest of the installation, she needed to remember how she submitted to this,
and what it felt like.  She passed out again from the first nipple piercing, was
revived and made it through to the final installations.  When her nose was
pierced she thought she would die from the pain, her whole face felt like it was
on fire, as all went black again.  This time when she woke, they had showed some
mercy, and she could tell the ring was in place, as she felt it above her lip. 
She reached out her tongue, and touched it.

She heard," Look she likes it, and wants to taste it," it was Jack speaking. 
She was still mounted to the table, but her mouth was no longer gagged, and
Master stood between her legs with a mirror.  She looked into it and saw all the
rings she now wore, and her little nipple barbells, she smiled.  "Thank You
Mistress, and Master for your gifts."  She felt owned and adorned as a slave
should be, and she was exhausted.

"One month, no play with the areas pierced," said Mistress, "clean the areas
twice daily with sterile saline, and don't let them play with them either." 

"We know the routine V," said Master, sounding annoyed.  "Before we send them to
rest, let them watch the twins receive their new rings."

The two bound girls were wheeled side by side, and in front of where the twins
still hung on the T-bars.  Jack and Joe pulled their heads back now, and
attached their ponytails behind them on hooks, forcing them to stare upward. 
The newly pierced slaves were staring right up the twin's nostrils now. 
Mistress and the maids went to work.  The twins were stoic throughout the
ordeal, and they received not just rings in their septums.  Mistress also
pierced and attached rings on either side of their noses, so the each ended up
with a trio of rings in their noses.

"Always want your slaves to be look more subdued than any others, don't you
Joe," said Jack.

"They love jewelry, I'm just making them happy.  I'm sure they are still jealous
that your two got more pain today than them."  He laughed as he said that.

Finally the maids were ordered to release the twins.  First their legs were
freed, it was clear that they couldn't stand, so as their arms were freed the
maids carefully lowered them to the floor.  They just crumpled to the floor,
then Joe said, "stand."

They struggled to their feet, and stood on shaky legs at attention.  Four of the
maids were ordered to take them to the dungeon's bath and clean them up, then
cage them for the remainder of the day.  The other two maids released lisa and
daphne, and helped them off the tables. 

Jack and John each stood facing their respective slaves, each holding a gold
collar.  They were half-inch wide braided gold rope, with an oval disc in the
middle.  One was engraved with 'Property of Jack', the other, 'Property of
John'.  They were placed on the slaves' necks and locked in place; they fit
snuggly at the bottom of their throats.

John said," You will always wear these collars to proclaim to everyone who your
owners are.  Now follow the maids."

The maids led them over to another cell lisa never noticed before, inside were
two narrow cots on either side.  They were laid on their backs and their arms
were fastened over their heads.  Their legs were spread to the corners and
attached to the cot's base, then the maids left them and closed the door,
enveloping them in darkness.

"You did wonderful," said daphne," and your jewelry truly enhances your beauty."

"Thanks sis," said lisa, feeling giddy now," I did it!  I can't believe how
wonderful I feel!"

"Relax child," said daphne," get some rest, they are not able to use our pussies
or nipples for a month, but you will soon see that submitting without receiving
any sexual release can be a hard task."

Lisa did not respond, she was digesting the fact that she likely wouldn't have
an orgasm or sex of any kind for a while.  She could feel the weight of the gold
in her pussy and the balls squeezing her nipples.  She licked her nose ring
again, and soon drifted to sleep.

The Dominant quartet returned to the study, and discussed the coming month. 
Mistress would return in three days to permanently remove lisa's pubic and
armpit hair.  They decided against doing her legs, as having daphne and lisa wax
each other weekly was a fun prospect.  Jack and John were happy that Joe was
leaving the twins here for the next month while he traveled on business, and
Mistress was leaving two maids for household duties, and ring care.  Losing
daphne as house Mistress caused John to cancel the 'vanilla' house cleaning
service, he now needed better-trained, and versatile maids.  After an early
dinner, Mistress and Joe left, with four of the six maids.  The last two maids
were sent to the dungeon to clean the piercings, the return to service the very
horny Masters. 

Later, John and Jack vented their pent up libidos by fucking the two maids up
their asses as they were bent over sawhorses in the dungeon.  The twins were in
the cage, last occupied by daphne and lisa, watching jealously. 

Jack looked over to them, and said," Don't worry, you will be getting plenty,
soon enough."

As John fucked his maid, he said," You know our little slaves are bound to be
jealous when they see us getting pleasure without them.  It will be a good
lesson in understanding their true roles now."

"Looking forward to getting back to work with both of them again tomorrow," said
Jack.

Soon the men were getting to the point of no return, and felt great relief as
they filled the maids butts with their spunk.  When they withdrew, the maids
immediately got up, and went to their knees to clean the master's dicks. 

When he was satisfied, John said," Clean the floor, then your sorry asses need
enemas.  Once you are clean, clean the piercings again, then get some sleep. 
Jack and I will expect the twins' mouths around our dicks promptly at seven,
tomorrow morning.  The other two are to be bathed then fed, and brought to our
rooms at eight.  Goodnight."  The two men then left the kneeling maids, and went
to bed.

To be continued...




Chapter 9: Boot Camp: Servitude Training



The freshly pierced slaves were awakened twice that night as the maids visited
to clean their jewelry with saline.  It didn't burn like the alcohol, but the
girls were still very tender in those areas, as the maids rotated the rings
during each cleaning.  They heard the maids talking, as they were again ignored,
discussing their Mistress' handiwork on their second visit. 

"She placed them all so beautifully, and notice, no more signs of bleeding, they
are already healing nicely.  I just wish she hadn't left us here, I hate
servicing men, especially up the ass."  Said one to the other.

"You know she was not pleased with us from Mistress K's visit.  She always sends
us to service men when we are out of favor, it helps remind us how generous
servicing a Mistress is, compared to Masters."  Said the other, as they left the
cell, and the slaves, in darkness again.

In her bonds lisa felt her first pangs of slave jealousy, did they really get
fucked by the Masters? 

As if reading her mind, daphne said," Don't feel too bad lisa, I am jealous too. 
With these piercings we cannot offer our Masters what they demand for about a
month.  I am sure the maids and the twins are here mainly to pleasure Them, and
to torture us.  It is the price a slave pays, we are exclusive to Their whims,
but They can do as they please.  That means They will use us as They see fit, we
will see Them get pleasure from others, and we will pleasure others, whenever
They choose.  It's best you understand this immediately."

"I understand," said lisa, realizing how one-sided slavery was," but it doesn't
change my feelings for Him.  It makes me jealous to think of Him with another!"

"Be prepared to WATCH Him with another," said daphne," it is part of what He
will do.  Accept it, and be glad he chose you for His slave.  Serve Him, please
Him, and eventually He will use you more and others less.  He may even get you
slaves of your own, someday."

"I just want Him," was all lisa said.

Daphne knew this was the hardest part for a slave to understand, Masters had
complete control, what they did was LAW.  A slave had only one choice, submit or
forsake slavery.  What she also knew, and did not tell lisa yet, was that now
that the choice was made, the only way out was being sold to another slaver. 
She hoped, for lisa's sake, that she could adjust to this life, she had to
forget the idea of what she wanted from now on, and just live to please her
Master.  While lisa battled her jealousy, daphne drifted off to sleep, expecting
a long month of servile duties, until her body healed.  Soon lisa was asleep
again, unaware that her jealousy was nothing compared to what she would soon
face.

Promptly at seven am the next morning the men awoke in their rooms, each with a
twin under the covers and sucking their cocks.  As if of one mind, they soon
ordered the twins to straddle and fuck them properly.  They both enjoyed the
feel of the twins vaginal rings, as the two slaves rode their temporary Masters,
and they thought how annoying it was to have to wait for daphne and lisa to
heal.

After allowing the twins to reach an orgasm while fucking them, they did
correctly ask permission first.  The men ordered them to kneel at the base of
their beds, asses up and ready.  Instead of taking them right away, each headed
to the bathroom first.  Their plan was to wait until their slaves arrived, so
they could watch. 

At eight, lisa and daphne, each entered their Master's rooms, freshly bathed and
ready, and saw a twin in position at the end of the bed.  For the experienced
slave, there was no surprise, but lisa was not prepared for her Master's plan. 
John had her sit on the floor at the base of the bed, legs under the bed.  He
tied her wrists off to the base posts, and ordered her to watch.  He then stood
at lisa's back, as 'slut' backed her asshole onto His cock, as lisa watched
jealously at first.  She noticed how easily His cock entered her, figuring that
wearing the large plug with her tail loosened her up.

Master and slut rutted above lisa for quite a while, she didn't know who was
fucking harder, her Master or the slut, as they pounded into each other.  After
what seemed like forever, Master stopped thrusting as He buried himself fully in
slut, and lisa could see the base of his dick pulse as He filled her ass with
his cum.   As if this was prepared, when he withdrew, slut clamped her ass shut,
spun around, and sat on the end of the bed with lisa's face trapped between her
thighs.  Lisa had trouble breathing and seeing, but could feel and hear as slut
sucked her Master's dick clean.  Finally he stepped back, and slut reclined,
releasing lisa's face. 

"Lick up my come as it dribbles out her ass, slave," commanded John, and though
this was something new and extreme, lisa's need to please her Master was
stronger.  She saw slut relax her asshole, and Master's spunk came dribbling
out, as she reached her tongue forward and lapped it up.  It tasted strange,
coming from slut's ass, but she had had an enema this morning, and it was not as
bad as it could have been.  John watched lisa obey, and was proud of her, he
expected to need to coax her a bit.

In Jack's room, there was a similar scene, except daphne was lying under whore,
on her back, licking her pussy as Jack fucked whore's ass.  When he came, and
withdrew, daphne was smothered by whore's tit's as she rolled over to clean
Jack's cock, then was smothered again when whore sat on her face, and expelled
Jack's load right into her mouth, forcing it out like she was defecating.  Jack
had whore thoroughly clean and saline daphne's face afterwards, since he didn't
want to infect her nose ring.

When both men were finished playing with their slaves, they sent them with the
twins to the kitchen.  On the table they saw two sets of clothing and equipment. 
They were both fitted with chastity belts, made of leather, that completely
covered their ringed pussies.  They also had medium butt plugs inserted, and
trapped in their butts.  A special bra was placed on each of them, with clear
plastic cups, so they could see their pierced nipples, but could not touch them. 
They put on black stockings, with six inch black pumps, that fit very tightly on
their feet.  They were given little maid caps and tiny aprons, to finish up
their outfits.  Then they each were assigned a maid to follow, and they
proceeded off to clean the house.

They scrubbed, vacuumed, and dusted the downstairs in the morning.  By noon,
lisa's feet were sore, but she was kept in her pumps all day, and daily from the
on.  They met for lunch and were fed by the maids, with their hands cuffed
behind them as they stood next to the table.  The maids sat there eating their
lunches, and feeding the slaves scraps occasionally.  They cleaned the upstairs
in the afternoon.

When dinner hour arrived they were led to the dining room, and were told to
kneel next to the chairs where two dinner settings were.  They faced each other
and just ventured small smiles as they waited.  Soon Jack and John arrived at
sat next to their kneeling slaves, each got a pat on the head.  The men were
served dinner, and dog bowls with gruel were placed on the floor next to the
slaves. 

"You slaves may crouch down and eat your dinner like the dogs you are, and I
expect the bowls licked clean," said John as he started eating his salad.  The
girls obeyed, and ate, then licked their bowls clean.  When she was finished,
lisa looked across the floor to daphne, who was also done.  She had her head
down, just above the bowl, waiting, lisa did the same. 

"Up girls," said Jack eventually. 

They both rose to their knees, still with food stuck to their faces, from eating
without their hands.

"Crawl over there," said John, pointing to a spot on the floor where both men
had a good view," and lick each other clean."

The girls crawled until they were face to face, and daphne started licking the
food off lisa's face.  When she was done, lisa returned the favor, then they
waited for further orders.

"Time for evening punishment, let's retire to the dungeon," said John as he and
Jack rose.

"Crawl behind us sluts."

The quartet left the dining room, and the girls crawled as fast as they could to
keep up with the men.  The stairs vexed lisa, but daphne turned and crawled
backwards, and lisa followed her lead.  When they reached the dungeon, they saw
the twins on display.  They were in hanging leather web cages that were attached
to the ceiling, compressing the diamond shaped X's of leather all over their
bodies.  Their massive tits were forced through an opening too small, and their
boobs were bloated and purple.

The two slaves were manacled, wrists up high, to separate whipping posts.  They
faced the posts, and there ankles were locked to its base.  They were informed
that the reports from the maids today indicated that they were not giving their
best effort, so they were each to receive fifty lashes tonight, on their backs
and asses.  The first half were delivered with the cats, and stung but only left
their skin red and sore.  The last half were with the single-tails, and this was
torture.

Jack and John were very deft with their whips, and made sure they left nice
welts from the slaves' shoulders, to their thighs.  When they were finished,
both girls were in tears and feeling humble.  As they hung there, the men took
canes over to the twins, and beat there already bruised, bloated, and welted
tits some more. 

Eventually, the men tired of their sport and left without a word, none of the
bound slaves spoke, they just suffered quietly.  Soon the maids arrived, the
twins got treatment first, as they applied a balm to their beaten tits.  Next
they tended to lisa and daphne's back's, and the pain felt less severe.   When
they were done coating the slave's whip marks, they left them hanging there, and
closed the lights as they left the dungeon pitch black.

"We are patient daphne," said one of the twins," we will get our chances to even
the score this month."

"Whatever will happen will happen, " said daphne flatly," I serve my Master now,
and His will only determines my fate."  Thinking to herself, that Jack and John
would hear this, and whore would get retribution eventually, she knew that
voice.  Whore was the nastier of the twins, but not by much, both were bratty
little slaves.  Though they feigned a desire for revenge, all they truly sought
was punishment.  It was likely she said that just to piss off the Masters, they
were true pain sluts.  She also realized, that while they were here, ahe and
lisa might get a slight reprieve, since the twins needed a lot of discipline.

The reaction to the exchange was different for lisa, she worried for her sister. 
If she had known the truth, she would have felt better, but for now she trembled
slightly.  The thought of the twins punishing daphne bothered her.  Licking one
of their asses this morning, all she could do was imagine it was her sister's
ass, in order to avoid the reality she sucked the ass of someone she liked very
little. 

They remained like that for two hours, lisa's and daphne's arms were cold and
tingling, when the maids returned, and released them.  Her arm's felt useless,
and the pins and needles of returned circulation hurt.  Both their arms had
started to turn blue, and the return of blood to deprived limbs was a new kind
of pain for lisa.  The maids were gentle with their arms as they led them over,
and had the lie on their stomachs, side by side, on a table.

They were allowed to keep their arms at their sides, as they were strapped in
place for the night.  They still wore the chastity and breast protectors they
had fitted in the morning.  Soon they were immobile for another night in the
dungeon.

It was a similar regimen daily for the next month.  Work during the day,
punished at night, and to sleep in a different bound position nightly.  There
were many variations on the basic theme, but the routine was the same,
interspersed with other degradations.  They regularly, watched and assisted as
their Master's used the twins and maids to assuage their sexual needs. 
Eventually, lisa was no longer jealous, just anxious to use her charms on Master
as soon as possible, the itch was unbearable.

On the third day of training, lisa was led to the dungeon after lunch, where
Mistress waited.  She was strapped to a large table, and pivoted to an upright
position, once secured.  She was splayed in a spread eagle, and Mistress rolled
her electrolysis equipment into view.  It was time to clean her up, permanently.

"Hello slave, I see your piercings are healing nicely." Said Mistress as she
fondled lisa's rings.  "Today I will remove your unsightly pubic and armpit
hair.  There are newer methods, almost painless, but your Master wants you to
suffer as another layer of your past life is shed."

"Thank you Mistress," is all lisa said, and she steeled herself for more pain.

She started on her armpits, which was surprisingly painful, as lisa thanked the
fates that she was bound so tightly.  Apparently Mistress felt she made too much
noise, grunting and groaning (trying not to scream outright), that she gagged
her after a few minutes.  The process took all afternoon, and lisa suffered the
stinging pain for what seemed like a lifetime.  When Mistress hit the few hairs
that sprang from her labia, near the rings, she thought she would die, but she
didn't even black out.

After nearly fours hours, Mistress finished, and wrapped up her equipment and
left.  Poor lisa was a mess, disheveled and sweating profusely.  Two of the
maids sponged her with cool water that was especially welcomed under her arms
and between her legs.  They applied ointment to the freshly bared areas, as lisa
noticed how inflamed and raw her crotch looked, as she gazed down her body.

That night lisa remained attached to the table, John had decided she should have
time to recover.  To take her place in tonight's punishment ritual, lisa saw
Jack lead in a woman she hadn't seen before.  She was a tall and beautiful
redhead, with freckled shoulders that told lisa that was her natural color.  All
she wore was a steel collar, with a leash attached that Jack used to lead her. 
Her wrists were also cuffed, with steel bands that cut into her skin.  She was
taken over to, and ordered to straddle, a wooden horse.

The horse had a thin serrated edge that she stepped over, placing her pussy just
above the nasty wooden 'teeth'.  She appeared proud standing above what would
clearly be torture to her pussy.  In a moment Mistress and John arrived.

"Good, she's ready," Mistress looked over to and spoke to lisa," terri is one of
my slaves.  Lately she has developed a prideful and disrespectful attitude, and
she has earned a rather nasty punishment.  See how she still stands so proud, no
sign of contriteness, she is about to pay a high price."

Jack attached a chain to her cuffs, and hooked her leash to the front of the
horse.  He  took a control, dangling from a cord, and hit a button, forcing her
arms to rise, and her torso to bend forward.  He stopped it when she went up on
her toes to ease the pressure.  Her leash chain had gone slack, and Mistress
came over and released it, pulling the red heads face towards hers.  Jack and
John each took one of her ankles, and lifted them up to the cross bar, where
they strapped her ankles to it. 

Her pussy was still hovering several inches above the bar, but that soon changed
as Jack began lowering her arms with the control, she grunted as her pussy began
to take the weight.  As she continued to descend, her knees dropped below the
crossbar, and she started to scream.  Mistress stuffed a large red ball in her
mouth, muffling the true sound of her agony.  Once her arms were all the way
down, John took a strap, and belted her thighs together, welding her crotch to
the bar.  Jack clipped her cuffs behind her on the horse, while Mistress locked
her leash in front of her. 

They gathered in front of her, to witness her pain, and they smiled at what they
saw.  Tears were pouring from her eyes, she screamed into the ball, pitifully
trying to beg.

They left her like that for over two hours, and it pained lisa to watch her
suffer.  Every little move she made caused her shriek or moan, her pussy
constantly on fire.

When the Doms returned, Mistress went directly over to her, lifted her chin and
said,            "learned your lesson yet?"

The once proud red head, looked up at her Mistress through tear blurred eyes,
and tried to nod a yes.

"We'll see," said Mistress," will you do exactly as I say, and show no further
disrespect if I release you from this?"

She nodded again.

"Fail me," and you will ride this all night, understood?"

She made a final nod, and the three began releasing her.  They unbuckled the
straps, and carefully lifted her off the horse.  John and Jack carried her
slumped body between them, and in front of lisa, displaying the crotch to her.

"As you can see," said John," though she suffered greatly, there is little
damage, she will be bruised and sore for a few days.  But the female pussy is
highly resilient, remember that should you ever fear We may damage you.  We are
too experienced to allow that to happen."

They then deposited the girl at the Mistress' feet, she immediately began
licking her boots.

She kept her head low, and her ass high as she submitted at her Mistress' feet. 
Lisa noticed she seemed so much more devoted, she guessed that intense pain is a
true motivator. 

After several minutes of berating her, as she licked all over her boots,
Mistress finally said, "On you knees slut."

Jack rolled over a large desk chair, the Mistress sat in while the red head,
kneeled before her, head bowed.  Jack handed Mistress a long thin wooden box,
which she placed in her lap.

"Remember what you are now slut?" she asked.

"Your slave Mistress."

"That means?"

"Your property, to use as You choose.  To punish or pleasure as You see fit. 
This slave is whatever you want it to be."

Mistress opened the box, and produced a long thin skewer.  It had a pointed end,
and the other was bent into an O shape.  The red heads eyes went wide when she
saw it, but she made no noise.  Mistress presented it to her and she took it
with her right hand.

"Where would you like it placed Mistress?" She asked, with a hint of worry in
her tone.

"Side of your right tit, midway from your chest to the nipple, and force it
through until it comes out the other side.  You may use you left hand to steady
the flesh and keep it straight."

With no visible reaction, she lined up the skewer, holding her breast still. 
With a small gasp, she slowly began pushing it into her breast; blood started to
trickle down her side as it continued through.  She gasped again, as it emerged
in her cleavage, first bulging, then popping through her skin.  As the two
wounds trickled blood down her body, Mistress produced another skewer.

"Same thing, other side."

With the same stoic look, terri skewered her other breast, and when she was
done, four little rivers of blood were trailing down her body and legs.  She
waited patiently as Mistress sat there staring at her, it was clear she was back
in the form Mistress expected.  What a harsh Mistress, lisa thought, wondering
if Master would make her hurt herself that way at some point.

"Rise, and display your breasts to lisa over there," Mistress said as she
pointed in lisa's direction.  The slave rose and walked over to lisa, and stood
in front of her, hands behind her neck to show the tortured tits fully to lisa.

"Now kneel and eat her until she cums, then clean her rings with saline and
return to kneel before me."   Terri obeyed and kneeled between lisa's legs, and
ate her out like the expert she was.  In a few short minutes lisa came hard, the
first since her piercing.  Terri cleaned her up, as ordered, then crawled back
to her Mistress. 

Lisa watched through her post-orgasmic bliss, as Mistress slowly removed the
skewers.  Cleaned the wounds, and applied a clear liquid that stopped the
bleeding, but it made terri wince as it was applied.  She left the blood
streaks, as she led her over to one of the whipping posts, and chained her
wrists high, leaving her on her toes.

"Now, no dancing," Mistress said as she picked up a bullwhip, and flailed her
slave.  Terri twitched, moaned, and grunted, but did not move or scream as
Mistress put ten bloody welts on her back.  After those hard strokes her back
was a bloody mess, as Mistress approached her with a bottle of alcohol, she
said, "you can scream now."  As she poured the clear liquid over her back, terri
accommodated by screaming her lungs out, until she passed out and hung limply.

That night left a strong impression on lisa, she would never let her pride show,
just submit, and do it happily.  In a few days her armpits and crotch felt much
better, and with her regular dose of pain, she hardly noticed it at all.  The
training continued, soon she was walking, even running, in her tight high heels. 
She became more graceful as she assumed required positions, and her descent into
the 24/7-slave mentality enveloped her.  Her horniness grew daily; having been
denied stimulation since terri went down on her.

In the second week the punishments started to have a strange effect on her, she
started feeling like orgasms were approaching as she was whipped.  This was not
lost on her Masters, so one night as John whipped her ass; he started talking to
her about coming from the pain.

"Only true pain sluts come from the whip," he said," and I think you are a pain
slut lisa.  Make me proud and come from my whip!" Her yelled as he flayed her
ass viscously, his words and her long denial conspired to push her over the
edge."

John continued unmercifully, prodding her," Come on bitch, I won't stop until
you come for me! "

Finally the pain became an intense heat in her belly, and lisa exploded in a
pain-only induced orgasm, screaming and trembling as the passion flooded her. 
John knew she came as her fluids pumped and gushed down her legs.  He threw down
the whip, and went around to face her, and as he embraced her in his strong
arms, she came yet again, trying to hump his legs.  Her chastity belt was in the
way, but she came over and over anyway.

He let her sleep chained face down on his bed next to him that night, and lisa
was in heaven.  She didn't even care as he fucked both the twins right next to
her on the bed.  She had made him happy, and was rewarded.  Her sore butt cheeks
barely fazed her as Master used the blondes in all six of their holes as lisa
watched.

By the third week both lisa and daphne were totally into their roles, acting
without thinking or questioning.  Lisa first saw the twins act as a toilet for
Master, when he was too tired from a particularly nasty orgy with them.  The
next day when she was used that way, she was happy it was her and not someone
else drinking Master's piss.

As the fourth week approached, lisa's tolerance for abuse was as high as
daphne's, and they took mutual punishments, and were in bliss.  Any animosity
felt by the twins towards daphne seemed non-existent, after the night they
received one-gallon enemas while eating out lisa and daphne.  The two Master's
were extremely happy the night, four weeks since the piercings, when Mistress
proclaimed them clear for use.

Since they were both so pleased with the girls' progress, they planned a special
graduation ceremony for the slave cadets.  Joe would be back, and Mistress was
invited to participate in the festivities they planned for the completion of the
servitude training.  Once they graduated this part of their training, with their
rings healed enough to use and abuse, they deserved a reward before the sexual
training began.  John and Jack had specific plans for these two; they needed to
learn how to please anyone at any time.  But first, they needed to get a
thorough fucking after a month without it. 

To Be continued...




Chapter 10: Graduation Orgy

The morning of their graduation day dawned as any other would for the slaves, at
this point neither knew or cared what day it was, every day was the same. 
Having descended so deeply into their submission, once released from their night
of bound sleep, they were ordered to bathe and clean themselves.  Together they
entered the dungeon bath, removed their chastity belts and breast protectors,
and followed the morning ritual.  They now loved their daily douches and enemas,
each slave now took and held half-gallon enemas for fifteen minutes before
expelling them.

When they were finished, they expected to put on their protective pieces, but
they were gone, with a note on the table where they had left them.  It read:
Proceed to the study, your Masters are waiting for you.  They looked at each
other, and both thought that maybe they were healed enough, but they just
smiled.  They quickly put on their required six-inch heels, and they dashed
upstairs to the study.  They knocked on the door as they arrived, and awaited
permission to enter.   Soon the door opened, and they heard." Enter and kneel
slaves."

They stepped inside the study, and a maid closed the door behind them, as they
sunk to their knees and assumed the 'present' position.  They dared not lift
their eyes until permission was given, so they kept their heads bowed. 

"Look up," said John.  As they lifted their heads, they were confronted with the
twins bound in front of them.  Their wrists were cuffed and chained together
above their heads, and their legs were spread wide and attached to spreader
bars.  They wore tight black corsets that left the tits exposed, black
stockings, and black ballet boots with 10-inch heels.  They made the slaves hot,
just looking at them.

"Crawl forward, and lick their pussies until they come," said John, and the
girls obeyed instantly.

As they followed their Master's order, John began," The rings you wear are
sufficiently healed to allow their full use now.  After the twins get their
relief from your tongues, you will learn how they can be used to punish you. 
Today you have no work, just punishment.  If you behave properly, tonight your
lonely little pussies will get their fill, as will your asses."

As they listened, their fervor with their tongues increased both now dreaming of
finally being fucked again.  In a few minutes the twins began moaning, and soon
they were begging for permission to come.  They were denied, and fought hard to
obey.  After several more minutes they lost the battle, and as they started
coming, the men caned their asses, causing them to come harder.  The girls
continued eating out the twin pussies after the men stopped beating them, until
they were ordered to stop.  They resumed the 'present' position still facing
into the twins' cunts.

"Crawl to your Masters," said John, and the girls crawled over to where the men
were now seated.  They knelt before their Masters eager to please them, but
restrained enough to assume the proper positions and wait. 

They each produced a wooden box, which they opened jointly in front of the
slaves' downcast eyes.  Inside were four stainless steel cuffs and a collar,
custom made for each of the slaves.  They were designed for permanent wear, with
rubber linings in the cuffs that could be inflated to snug the cuffs tight to
their wrists and ankles.  John explained this to the girls and how they had
special locks built in, and he and Jack held the only keys.  They placed the
cuffs on first, and tested the inflation mechanisms, the girls felt the cuffs
cinch down on their wrists and ankles.  Then they placed the collars on their
necks, and when the locks clicked in place both girls moaned in delight.  The
collars fit just above their golden necklaces, and contrasted nicely, also all
of the new jewelry had sturdy two-inch rings welded on them; they were
definitely not ornamental.

They were ordered to stand facing the twins, and they complied.  The men began
attaching the women to each other, first raising and securing their wrist cuffs
above their heads.  They were attached to the chain holding the twins up; their
ankles were spread and attached to the same spreader bars as the twins.  Then
the men showed how evil their rings could be, by attaching their nose rings to
each other, with short two-inch chains, keeping them face to face.

The men both kneeled between their legs and threaded chains through their labia
rings, joining their ringed pussies together, To make matters worse, especially
for lisa and daphne who had no experience yet, they hung small weights from each
individual ring.  They stepped back to admire their work, as the four slaves
attempted to adjust to the situation.

Jack and John each took a heavy leather flogger, and proceeded to whip their
asses.  At first they were shocked and pained as they attempted to struggle,
causing pain in their noses and pussies.  But they steeled themselves to accept
the lashes without moving, and endured a long whipping, leaving four red and
tender asses.  When the men were finished they left them hanging intimately
together, and proceeded to get things ready for the evening event. 

In a short while, long by the bound slaves reckoning, two maids entered, each
carrying two butt plugs with tails attached.  The twins' tails were huge, at
least six inches long and very wide in the middle.  The other tails were more
standard size plugs, for the men's slaves.  The maids lubed and inserted the
tails in the four women, patting their asses when they were done, then leaving.

They hung there silently, feeling strained and stuffed, yet satisfied.  An hour
passed, when the two maids entered again, and they proceeded to brush back lisa
and daphne's hair.  They then wrapped their locks into tight ponytails, secured
with thick rubber bands at their scalps.  Then they tugged on them several
times, causing the four girls nose rings to pull against the chain binding there
noses together.  Again they were left alone.

Finally Jack returned alone, releasing lisa and daphne from their respective
twins, but leaving the weights attached to their rings.  They were taken to the
dungeon for more torture.  Their new ankle cuffs were put to the test as they
were hung inverted, with their legs spread, from rings in the ceiling, as their
wrists were secured to bolts in the floor.  They were facing each other two feet
apart, stretched into nude fleshy X shapes.

John entered after a short time carrying two small floggers, and standing
between them, began to lightly whip their pussies.  He told the how He felt
their twats were too long neglected, and needed shaping up.  Though his floggers
were small, and his swing light, their tender pussies still suffered.  The
weights were still attached to the rings, and they tugged at their lips on every
stroke.  He stopped when they were the nice pink hue he desired, and he dropped
his floggers, using his fingers to explore their tender, yet wet slits.  He was
pleased that they were both thoroughly lubricated and clearly horny.

Before leaving, John took two large dildos, and stuffed their pussies full.  He
warned them that they better not come out.  He explained that they needed to
learn proper muscle control, to keep anything He or Jack chose, in their pussies
or asses.  He then played with their tails, slowly stretching their anal rings,
by pulling them in and out several times.  As if an afterthought, John hung
small weights from their nipples, hooked behind the barbells.

They were left alone only half an hour, but it seemed like an eternity.  When
the maids returned they removed the dildos, after fucking them in and out of the
girls a few times.  They were lowered to the floor, and released, then ordered
to stand.  The weights were noticeable between their legs and from their
nipples, as they were now bound facing two poles. 

Their arms were raised and fastened to the tops of the poles, while their ankles
were chained to the bottom.  There were hooks attached to the poles, just at eye
level, and they were forced onto their toes, as their nose rings were slid over
the hooks.  The maids used rough twine, to loop around their nipple bars,
wrapping and tying their breasts around the pole.  Finally, they used the twine
to thread and tie their labia rings to the pole in a similar fashion, they felt
welded to the pole.  They were left like this, unable to move at all, for two
hours.

When they were released their leg muscles were cramping severely, and the maids
massaged the muscles as they lay crumpled on the floor.  When they could walk
again, they were taken to the kitchen and fed.  After eating, the maids took
them to the bathroom and began prepping for the night's event.  They were bathed
and perfumed, and they received a second set of enemas and douches, then had
their tails reinserted.

They were led to a room prepared for the night's festivities, where they found
two benches.  The were designed and built to make them fully available, with one
side higher than the other, and a padded sloping board between the ends.  They
looked like cockeyed sawhorses, with inverted V legs on either end.  They had
padded boards on both sides, next to and extending the length of the bench and
out past the tall side.

They were led over and made to kneel on them, as their ankles and knees were
strapped tightly down.  When they were bent over the tall end, they found their
breasts fit into holes cut in the angled board, as their forearms rested on the
same padded board they were kneeling on.  Their forearms were strapped at wrist
and elbow, and a four-inch wide belt held their waists to the bench, just above
their ass cracks.  Finally, the maids attached a chain to the ends of their new
ponytails, and clipped it to a ring in the waist belt, pulling their heads up,
facing forward. 

The slaves quickly recognized how ready they were for sex in any hole.  Before
they could get used to the new predicament, ring gags were fitted so they could
not close their mouths.  Jack entered the room with John; each had a small cart
with a machine on it.  They positioned the carts behind the girls, and lined up
the dildos attached to poles coming out of the devices.  The maids moved the
tails out of the way, and guided the dildos into their cunts, as John and Jack
locked the carts' wheels in place.  They turned on the machines, and they
started to slowly fuck them with the dildos.

John said," This should warm you two up, for the next several hours your holes
are going to be used...extensively.  You two need your brains fucked out, and we
are going to accommodate you."  With that said, they left them alone with the
fucking machines.

The girls were quickly getting to a lusty state as the machine continually
reamed their pussies.  It appeared to be increasing its pace as time wore on,
and they were getting close to orgasm.  They attempted to plead for release, but
the ring gags garbled their voices, they resisted their urges in fear of
punishment.  Soon they lost, and started coming, and as soon as they did, Jack
appeared and gave their asses ten cane strokes.  The pain just made the orgasms
more intense, and suddenly the twins stood in front of them, their legs spread. 
Instinctively they used their tongues, through the rings, to lick the pussies in
front of their faces.

As they ate the twins, the machine dildos were removed, and replaced by two
maids wearing strap-on dildos. They continued to fuck them with now larger and
studded tools. The girls were in heaven, when Mistress V entered, and proceeded
to yank their 'tails' out.  She replaced them with vibrating dildos, which the
maids then used to fuck their asses, while continuing to thrust their fake cocks
in and out of the slaves' pussies. 

The twins stepped back, and John and Jack took their places, starting with a
hard face fucking.  Now the girls were being used from everywhere, and loving
it.  The twins were handed floggers by Mistress and ordered to flog their asses. 
Between the pain in and on their asses and the three-holed assault, the slaves
were now just mindless fuck toys, reveling in the degradation they endured.  For
the next two hours they were assaulted by everyone, after John and Jack came
down their throats, the retreated as Joe and an unknown man (Joe's brother)
stuffed their mouths again.

Unknown to the slaves, tonight's orgy was being filmed from many angles, for use
in the future.  Eventually the group all got their fill, and John and Jack's
finale was the savage raping of their asses, wearing studded rings on their
cocks.  When all were done, the slaves were left to sleep on the benches,
covered in sweat and come, feeling thoroughly used and abused, with only their
ponytails released so their heads could hang down.  In the morning the maids
returned, and used a high-pressure hose and ice cold water to shock them back to
life, and as they shivered they were released.  Taken to the bath and cleaned
inside and out, then they were allowed a few hours of sleep on a bed, tied side
by side.

The guests, after having finished their fuck-fest with the slaves, adjourned to
the library.  Joe and his brother were taking the twin's with them, but John and
Mistress had struck a deal.  Two maids would reside permanently here, to be
swapped out with others as Mistress determined.  They told their friends that
their services would be needed over the next month, as the girls' sex-slave
training was next.  They agreed that the month of sexual denial, did get them
properly focused on their servitude roles, and now it was time to bring their
slut side to the surface.  They all laughed and agreed that the night's events
proved how much potential they had, it just needed focus and discipline going
forward.

To be continued...




Chapter 11: Sex-slave training

The two slaves had their hands padlocked behind their backs, and their ankles
were attached with chains to the base of the bed, as they lay facing each other. 
To complete this bondage, the maid attached their nose rings together with a
six-inch chain.  While they were able to move a bit, they were forced to face
each other.

"Last night was unbelievable," said lisa, to her sister slave after the maid
left them alone.

"It was wonderful," said daphne,"after a month without sex, they really made up
for it.  My pussy and ass are raw... but satisfied."

"It was the most erotic and decadent thing I ever experienced, and I loved it,"
said lisa, as she motioned herself closer to daphne's face.  "Being this close
to you is making me horny again," she said, then lisa leaned in and started to
kiss daphne, whose tongue responded and they were quickly devouring each other. 
Shortly, though, daphne backed off.

"Stop lisa, we could get punished for kissing without permission," said daphne. 

"I don't care, I love you and I am used to getting punishment everyday anyway,"
said lisa as she tried to snare daphne's lips and tongue again.

"Wait!" Said daphne sharply," listen to me, the punishments we have received are
for conditioning, making us accept our roles.  Remember my pussy whipping from
the beginning?  That was a REAL punishment, and it came from disregarding the
Master's wishes.  Invite that type of punishment, and you will be sorry sweetie.
I don't want to witness you suffer like that.  You told me you wanted someone to
show you what is expected, and you have held up well, don't push your luck."

"But daphne, I'm so horny, and fixed this way, so close and so far from you is
driving me crazy." Said the horny little novice slave.

"Exactly, foolish girl, that's exactly what the Masters want, unrequited desire. 
I would love to wrap my arms around you and devour you from head to toe, which
is how they want us to feel.  As slaves we must suffer this desire until
permitted to act on it, if we ever are." 

"That's cruel," said lisa as the reality dawned on her.

"Once again correct, our Masters are cruel by nature, why do you think they want
chained and tortured slaves.  A common slut would provide all the carnal delight
they could want, but they want complete surrender.  They own us and use us as
they see fit, our pleasure is in serving them, and our lot in life is to follow
their lead, whether we get satisfaction or not.  Learn this lesson now, the only
pleasure you are granted is pleasing your Master.  And now sweet slave sister,
we should sleep, you never know when that privilege will be revoked.  I hope you
don't like to roll over in your sleep."  With that said, daphne closed her eyes
and prayed lisa's minor mental revolt was only a misstep, and that the Masters
would not use it to exact a terrible punishment on them.

As she lay there, looking at daphne's serene face, lisa was troubled.  How could
they work her up so much, day in and day out, then expect, as she lay naked next
to her constant companion, that she could resist showing affection.  It began to
dawn on her that being a full-time slave was really hard work, they let the
horny little genie out, now she had to bottle herself up.  Finally she decided
to get some rest, before the next demand was made of her, whatever it may be.

While the girls had their little interlude, the men were planning a regimen that
would tax them greatly.  They decided that the next several weeks would be a
time of sexual overload, and driving them to a state of perpetual desire.  Their
ability to serve them was already acceptable, although there was always room for
improvement, now they needed to learn how to be proper sex-slaves.

They had devised multiple training scenarios, including anal, vaginal, and oral
exercises to get them to use their charms properly, and be able to use them any
way the Masters chose.  They also wanted them to be able to experience or deny
their own pleasure on demand, but they knew this would take a long time,
especially with horny lisa.  So, as they were never at a loss for keeping the
slaves on their toes, they had them brought to the dungeon after a four-hour
rest in the bed.

The girls were released, except for their hands, and leashed by a maid for the
walk to the dungeon.  This was the first time their clitoral hood ring was used
to attach the leash, and the girls quickly realized how vulnerable they were and
followed accordingly.  When they reached the dungeon, John and Jack were there
waiting, seated in large armchairs, as the maid led them over and handed the
leashes to the respective Masters.

They tugged on the chains causing the girls to stumble forward to just a foot
from where the Masters sat.

"Down," said John, and both girls knelt between their Master's legs.  Once on
their knees they noticed the men had pulled out their hard cocks, and they each
felt a strong hand placed on top of their heads, as they were pushed down.  They
automatically opened their mouths and enveloped the members in their hot mouths. 
Each man held on to their hair and guided them up and down on their cocks.

Pain suddenly exploded on their asses as two maids started flogging them while
they sucked.  "They will stop when we cum," was all John said.  Since the men
had quite a few trysts in the last 24 hours, they were prepared to make the
slaves work for a while.  The girls sucked hard and fast, the pain inspiring
them to get the men off quickly.  The men weren't cooperating, as they enjoyed
the show as their slaves asses went from pink to red as the maids thrashed them
rhythmically.

Though there asses went from sore to hot to burning, the girls never slowed or
lost focus on their task.  Both were too well conditioned to succumb to the
pain, in fact horny little lisa was actually starting to feel the stir of orgasm
building.  As if John read her mind, he nodded to the maids, signaling them to
adjust to an upward swing into girl's pussies.  With the first impact they
lunged forward, unexpectedly taking their cocks down their throats.

They gagged, but did not stop their sucking, and the men now took their heads in
both hands, fucking their mouths and throats.  The girls adjusted from sucking,
to swirling their tongues around the thrusting dicks, and making sure to breath
on the up strokes.  The combination of the pussy whipping and face fucking had
the girls deep into sub-space, totally focused on the sensations they were
feeling, lisa was getting so close to cumming, but she fought it back.

First Jack was ready, and when the moment came, he held daphne's head down, with
his cock in her throat he came directly down her throat.  John was soon doing
the same, as lisa struggled slightly while his cock pumped his spunk into her. 
Knowing they couldn't breath, they yanked their heads up just before the girls
swooned from lack of oxygen and they both gulped in air, in heaving gasps.

Before they fully recovered, the men and maids dragged them over to their new
friend, a sawhorse.  It had a three inch wide padded bar, with eight-inch dildos
mounted close to each end.  The men roughly lifted them, as the maids made sure
they were spread properly.  Using their fingers they spread open their pussies
by pulling on their rings, as the men slid them over the fake cocks.  Before
they knew it, they were impaled facing each other on the horse.  The maids
locked their ankles at the base, then released their wrists, re-securing them to
a chain above their heads.

John stood between them holding a small padlock, he then said," Touch your noses
together."

Once they leaned forward and their noses touched, John locked their nose rings
together.  The maids followed next, putting bit gags in their mouths, fastening
them tightly behind their necks.  To make matters worse, Jack was tying strings
around their nipple bars, with the result of welding their nipples to each
other. 

"So lisa," said John," you love daphne, and you get punished everyday anyway." 
Her heart sank, they heard everything, and now they were going to pay, she
thought.  She felt especially bad; realizing daphne would be part of the
punishment.

John continued, "I don't know who disappoints us more, you or your slutty
sister.  We thought she would have taught you better by now, but apparently not. 
For this indiscretion you shall both be punished," as he held a wooden rod
between their faces, resting it on the bridge of their joined noses. It was thin
and round, but as they adjusted their eyes to focus on the instrument an inch
from their eyes, they saw it had little pointed metal studs on it. 

"You will each receive twenty strokes on your backs, and considering how you are
bound, I recommend being careful not to move too much, or you may 'hurt'
yourselves."  John said as he took the rod from their sight, and stood behind
lisa.  Jack took up his position behind daphne, with a matching cane, and
without warning or hesitation lashed her back.

She jerked forward, and caught unaware, it caused lisa to lurch backward.  Pain
in their backs, noses, nipples, and crotches all occurred at the same time. 
Before either could digest this torment, lisa felt her back exploding in pain,
and she lurched into daphne.  This seesaw continued as the men methodically
caned their backs.  Each slash caused a red welt to appear, speckled with bloody
dots, where the studs broke the skin.  By the tenth stroke, lisa realized she
had never endured THIS level of punishment, and both girls cried and screamed
into the bits as it progressed. 

When each had received the twentieth stroke, their only thoughts were of being
well behaved and obedient.  They could feel only fire on their backs, from their
shoulders to their butts, they were bathed in sweat, drool, and tears, as they
hung there whimpering.  John reached under the horse, and flicked two switches,
starting the dildos vibrating.  At first they just swam in the pain of the
whipping, but in a few minutes their pussies began to respond from the
stimulation. 

"You will remain like this until the lesson sinks in.  You have permission to
cum, in fact I expect you little sluts to enjoy yourselves thoroughly. "  Once
he finished speaking, John and Jack left the dungeon.  The maids, as ordered,
sprayed a light alcohol mist on their backs, causing the building pleasure to
disappear as the pain re-surged.  The girls could not resist twisting in their
bonds, causing further agony.  After a few minutes, the maids placed cool wet
towels on their backs, relieving some of the pain.  They left them like that, as
they busied themselves in other parts of the dungeon.

Within five minutes the orgasms began, and lisa and daphne were wracked for
nearly an hour in a maelstrom of pleasure and pain.  The vibrating dildos were
relentless as the buzzed inside them, the intensity varying randomly going from
a light vibration to an intense shaking within their constantly juicing vaginas. 
After the hour passed, they stopped suddenly, though no one returned, and the
girls just remained as still as possible as they came down from the intense
arousal they had endured.

They just stared into each other's eyes, having no choice really considering how
they were bound to each other.  Though lisa felt guilty for causing this
punishment, there was no anger in daphne's look, in fact she looked relieved. 
Actually, daphne did feel relieved, and purged, knowing she should have never
responded to lisa's kiss in the first place.  She also felt it was her fault for
not coaching her protege about the folly of slave to slave affection.  They were
lucky to get off this easy, she thought, as the ache in her back began to
replace the glow from her crotch.

In a short while the maids returned, and began unbinding the slaves.  When they
removed the cloths covering their backs they saw that these marks would not fade
for a while, and they coated the welts with a salve to prevent infection and
help them heal.  Once freed, and back on their hands and knees on the floor,
they were ordered to crawl behind the maids back up to the living area. 

They were led to the double bath, where the maids cleaned them up, and then they
were separated and taken to different bedrooms.  They were met with the benches
that were used the previous night, they were bound to them again.  Once each
girl was secured, the fucking-machines were placed in position, this time with
thinner dildos, aimed at their assholes.  A bottle of lubricant was hung just
above their ass cracks, that was designed to drip slowly and constantly, as the
dildos were inserted and a slow fucking began. The girls were left like this as
the machines did the work of loosening their sphincters.

John and Jack were in the study, watching most of the action, thoroughly pleased
at how they were progressing.  They were especially happy that daphne showed no
signs of anger or resentment to lisa for bringing on the last punishment, what a
difference in daphne's personality from a month ago, they thought.  John
admitted to Jack that daphne's personality was far different than he ever
thought.  But Jack indicated that he did not think she would have responded like
this originally.  All her time in the lifestyle, and her taste of the 'Top',
prepared her for the true descent into slavery. 

"She thought being the Domme was for her, but she never reached the level of
satisfaction she has now.  She is the type that needed to see both sides of the
fence before choosing her side."  Jack said, as they watched their slaves get
their asses reamed slowly and methodically, as only the machines could do.

"I see your point Jack," said John," she is a strong willed type, who could have
been broken, but this is far better, for you especially.  Since we are agreed on
the regimen for the next couple of weeks, I will leave the training to you for a
while, as I clean up some work issues that have been delayed.  I'll just pop in
for some relief, now and then."

"We have a couple of weeks to get them accustomed to constant use before we send
them to V for their lesbian training.  Since daphne is already quite adept at
pleasing women, lisa will get some special attention from V and her slaves." 
Jack said, as he prepared to leave John for the mundane task of making money.

Over the next two weeks the girls were constantly aroused, as they were always
being stimulated.  When doing chores around the house they wore special belts,
that held a variety of dildos and plugs to keep them stimulated.  In random
moments, like washing dishes, the invaders would spring to life causing the
slaves to cum as they worked.  Jack and John would arrive unannounced at varying
times, and fuck them without warning.

Jack also devised equipment to train them, the most evil being the dildo
benches.  These were designed with four different sized dildos along it's
length.  The girls arms were chained above their heads, and they were ordered to
'work' their way from small to large, having to fuck each one until a bell rang. 
Then they had to lift themselves off the first one, and slide up and onto the
next, then fuck it until the bell rang again.  This device helped them build
strong arm and leg muscles, as well as keeping their pussies well used.

Sometimes they were trained alone, others together.  They fucked each other with
strap-ons, as they were bound in positions that only allowed them enough
mobility to fuck each other.  They were bound on hands and knees, facing away
from each other, with double-headed dildos in both cunts and sometimes their
asses.  These times required them to rock back and forth, as they fucked
themselves. 

Jack also had dildos sticking out horizontally from poles, which they used two
ways.  One required them to back themselves onto the dildo, and fuck themselves
on it, as they stood bent over.  They were also used for the deep throat
training.  Jack and the maids would alternate sucking training, helping the
slaves to learn to resist the gag reflex.  After a week of daily training, both
could deep throat without gagging or choking.  The men had them suck their cocks
daily, so they would not forget the real thing.

After a week of constant fucking and sucking, the girls were rewarded with an
afternoon together.  Bound in a 69 position, they were ordered to pleasure each
other until told to stop.  They devoured each other's pussy and ass for over
four hours, making each other cum over and over.  As their behavior became more
submissive and wanton, they were soon allowed to spend nights together in a
cage.  They were permitted to enjoy each other, as they pleased; though in the
tight confines of cages, it was limited to how they were stored.  Some nights it
was pussy to face, others face to face. 

Jack and John couldn't decide which was more fun to watch, them eating each
other out, or making out like two horny teenagers.  Both women continued to
descend into depravity, and their minds were constantly focused on carnal
pleasure.  Their backs were still clearly marked for two weeks, and punishments
were doled out to other parts of their bodies, as daily doses of pain were still
administered.

In the second week, a box arrived, and was placed in the dungeon.  The slaves
were brought in and told to kneel next to it, as Jack opened the wooden crate. 
Inside, tied into a tight ball was the redhead terri.  Jack lifted her from the
box, and told the slaves to put on the ten-inch strapons.  Once terri was
released she was bound upright within a wooden frame, spread out to the corners. 
The slaves were ordered to jointly fuck her front and back, while she hung
there.  They quickly obeyed, and terri received yet another punishment for
angering her Mistress.  The girls had to keep it up over an hour, and enjoyed
watching terri writhe in her bondage as they double fucked her ass and pussy. 
When they were done, she was re-balled and boxed, and sent back to V.

On another day, Jack had another friend send over eight male slaves, who were
trained to fuck for extended periods.  They had the girls tied to their benches,
and their mouths and asses were fucked for hours.  After they were thoroughly
reamed out, they were placed in a bare room, with the eight men, unbound.  They
were ordered to satisfy them, and for an entire night the male studs fucked the
girls until they were unconscious.  When they awoke they were back in cage
together, bound face to face.  Jack was there and told them they could speak
freely to each other and nothing else.  Though they wanted to kiss, they just
held each other, and talked about the gang fuck they just had.

After two full weeks Jack had two men dress up as homeless dirty wrecks would
appear, and he sent the slaves to separate rooms service them.  They were
appalled as they entered, but were under orders to do as the men said.  The men
were dirty, unshaven, and smelly and they used the women unmercifully.  First
they had to suck their dirty cocks, as the slaves fought back revulsion, but
obeyed.  They then got fucked in both holes, and once they got close to coming,
they took their cocks out of the slaves' asses and had them suck and swallow
their spunk.  The girls felt dirty and low, but their desire to obey was too
strong.

After the men were done they left, and a maid entered each room, and took the
girls to get cleaned up.  Once clean they were told to go to the study.  When
they arrived, they were allowed to enter and kneel at their Master's feet.  They
were praised for being such good obedient sluts, and for not hesitating to
service the two men.  They were then informed that the next morning they would
be packaged and sent to Mistress V's.  They were warned that she was to be their
Mistress for this phase of training, and while she would punish them for
anything done incorrectly, the punishment would follow them home also.

That night, their Master's took them to their bedrooms.  There the men reclined
on the bed, and issued commands, as the girls serviced them for hours.  All the
training was paying off for the Masters, as the slaves sucked and fucked the
men, changing positions on command, for hours.  When they were satisfied, the
men allowed them to sleep next to them, unbound.  The slaves were in heaven,
being able to cuddle up, unrestricted, next to their Masters.

The following morning, they bathed themselves and their Master's and were
treated to breakfast at the table with them.  Finally, they were led back into
their bound slave roles, as they were ball-tied, and crated up like terri was,
for their trip to Mistress V's.  They had all their holes stuffed, and were
attached to the inside of the crates, making any movement impossible.  Breathing
tubes were attached so they wouldn't suffocate, as they were sealed in total
darkness.  They could feel the crates being moved, and placed into a vehicle. 
They were aware of the movement as the trip progressed, for the hour-long ride
to V's home.  When they finally stopped, they felt themselves moved again, and
soon the box lid was removed. 

Mistress V looked down on the duo, side by side in their separate boxes, and
smiled, thinking how much she would enjoy training these two to service a
Dominant women.

To Be Continued...




Chapter 12: Sex-slave Training 2: Trained by Two Mistresses



Once Mistress V confirmed her trainees were properly delivered, the box lids
were closed, trapping the girls in darkness again.  They felt themselves being
moved again, lifted onto some type of cart and wheeled for a few minutes, then
stopped.  They were left in their confinement for an hour, as Mistress readied
several of her slaves for the scene she was planning.  The girls awaited their
release, with lisa wondering what would happen next. While daphne was sure
something extravagant was being prepared, having known V for years, and her
penchant for elaborate displays of her power. 

When all was readied, the girls were wheeled into the dungeon, and the boxes
opened.  They couldn't see much, as their eyes adjusted to light, but blackness
enveloped them again as they were immediately blindfolded.  The chains holding
them in place in the box were removed, and hooks were attached to their ankle
bracelets.  A winch lifted them up, and in their ball-tied state, with their
legs folded back and also compressed to their chests, their butts were
prominently pointing upwards as they rose from the boxes.  Once clear, they
stopped rising, and the boxes were removed.

Mistress V stood between the dangling slaves, inspecting the rings she had
installed six weeks ago, stretching and testing them, pleased that they were
well healed.  She patted their rumps, and signaled for them to be lowered.  They
were released from the ball-tie, and ordered to kneel, as someone fitted leather
arm binders on them.  They were thick and sturdy, and forced their arms tightly
together behind their backs, as they were secured over the shoulders.

"Stand and spread," said Mistress V, and the slaves obeyed, spreading their legs
the three feet that the command required.  They felt a round metal bar slide
horizontally between their arms and backs, stopping at their shoulder blades. 
It was somehow locked in place they felt.  Then they heard a click, and felt
their legs pulled apart, and another click, as the spreaders were attached. 
They were now barely supporting their weight with their feet as the bars were
four feet long, and the bar behind their backs was fixed in place.  The
blindfolds were removed.

As they blinked to adjust to the light, they saw terri in front of them.  Her
arms were chained spread apart to a bar above her, and her legs were pulled out
to a full split, chained to columns on either side.  Just below her gaping pussy
a dildo the size of a baseball bat was mounted on a pole that was coming out of
a box the girls recognized as a fuck-machine.  The dangling slave had a harness
strapped tightly to her head, it had a ring gag built into it; at the top it was
attached by a chain to the bar above her, forcing her head erect.  Her breasts
were captured between two thin wood rods, which had three screws bolted between
and on either side, compressing her purple orbs.  On her nipples were large
clover clamps, with heavy weights pulling her distended buds down.

"You have met slave-terri before girls," said Mistress," she is my problem
child.  She has expressed a desire to be my pain-slave, and though she takes to
pain quite nicely, it has not stopped her voice from betraying her.  She is a
brat by nature, a spoiled child actually, and she is on her last chance.  This
punishment and her behavior afterward, will determine whether she remains with
me, or if I send her off to a whorehouse." 

Slave-terri's eyes went wide with fear, as she did not realize how angry
Mistress was with her, she always thought she appreciated the sassy attitude. 
To her, she was always obedient, but needed to make jokes, apparently Mistress
did not appreciate that.  Now she could only hope that she had the chance to
show Mistress that she could be what she wanted.

Two of Mistress' maids now knelt before terri's spread legs and attached clamps
to her outer labia.  Small chains were used to pull and secure these clamps to
her thighs, pulling open her pink gash.  They poured lubricant on the massive
dildo head, and raised it into her pussy, when it was several inches in,
distending her crotch; they locked the pole in place.  Another maid came over to
lisa and daphne; she showed them an enormous butt plug.  It was metal; six
inches long with a three inch bulge at it widest point.  It had a hole half an
inch wide from the top to the bottom.  She went behind terri, and knelt as she
stuffed her ass with it, terri let out a grunt, as it expanded her rectum,
before seating in place.

They rolled an IV stand over, that had a clear plastic bag dangling from it
filled with a clear liquid.  They could see the bubbles rising in it, as
Mistress said," A gallon of seltzer water to keep her bowels amused."  It was
placed in front of terri, and the hose from the bottom of the bag was taken by a
maid, passed under terri's legs, and attached to her butt plug. Once the maids
stepped away, it became clear to lisa and daphne that terri was in for a very
difficult time, and they still hadn't seen the final aspect of this punishment.

As they watched terri, already suffering from the position she was in, another
figure entered the picture.  She was tall, blonde, and gorgeous in a full black
leather outfit.  Her face was cold and hard as she stared at her victim, who
looked terrified to see this woman, who was clearly inspecting her new target. 
Two maids wheeled in a rack, with an array of whips, paddles, straps, canes, and
floggers hanging from it, and placed it just off to the side of terri's bound
body.

"Mistress tells Me that she has not gotten her full value from you, slut!"  She
said, as she took the nipple weights in her hands and pulled on them, causing
terri to moan.  "Amazing how clover clamps tighten as you pull on them, isn't it
sweetie.  Now when I sold you to Mistress V, it was with a guarantee that you
would perform to her expectations, and here I am forced to return and correct
your abhorrent behavior myself."  She released the weights, which swung from her
nipples stretching them side to side.

She walked up to the enema bag, and released the clip holding the seltzer in the
bag, and it began to empty into terri.  Mistress V flicked the remote control
that started the dildo moving, and as it climbed into her pussy, it actually
lifted her slightly in her bonds, before starting back down.  Both Mistresses
took cats from the rack, taking positions in front and behind terri, and they
began flogging her.  As they worked her over, lisa fixated on terri's hands
bound above her head, as the opened and closed trying to grasp at anything
during her torture.

After several minutes of flogging lisa noticed the enema bag was only half gone,
but she could see her belly starting to bulge from the volume in her already. 
She knew how a half-gallon felt, and remembered the twins suffering from the
gallon enemas they received, but she wondered how the carbonation would feel.

As the Mistresses were choosing their next weapons, terri was in a haze of pain
and anguish.  From being stretched so taught, every muscle she had ached; her
breasts throbbed, and her nipples felt like flames burned them.  The enema was
making her feel like ants were crawling inside her, as the desire to expel was
extreme, though impossible.  Her poor pussy was being stretched further than she
thought possible.  If she could have talked, she would have pled for mercy, but
all she could do was drool on her chest, and moan incoherently.

Next to lisa, daphne was watching, and was quite impressed with Mistress
Jaclyn's method of punishment.  She had worked over subs with her in the past,
but this was a whole new level.  Poor terri should have learned from the
punishments at John's, but she was sure this would break her once and for all. 
She was confident that this was their intent, and this likely would be just the
start of an intense punishment regimen for the poor girl.

Before the next round of beating began, Mistress V made a hand signal, and two
maids appeared and knelt in front of daphne and lisa.  They had vibrators, and
began stimulating the girls already aroused sexes.  It was not apparent to the
two visiting slaves that they were horny, until the vibrators were applied to
their clits.  The sensation, coupled with the show they were watching, had them
panting in minutes.

"You two little whores do not have permission to cum, so keep a lid on your own
pleasure, while this slave suffers."  Said Mistress V, as she took a leather
strap and started working on terri's ass.  Lisa tried to focus on terri's nipple
weights, as they jiggled from every blow her ass received, but that made her
even hotter.  Jaclyn had a cane, and was placing welts up and down terri's
outstretched legs. 

Now, lisa noticed, the enema bag had emptied, and terri's belly was clearly
bulging.  Jaclyn tossed her cane to the floor, but instead of taking another
weapon from the rack, she picked up a clover clamp from a table to the side. 

"V, we forgot something," she said, as she knelt between terri's legs and
grabbed her clit hood.  Terri heaved, then screamed as the clamp grabbed her sex
bud. The pounding dildo kept hitting the clamp, making it bounce around, and
increased the tormented girl's suffering. 

"My, aren't we forgetful," said V, as she stopped belting her ass, and picked up
a studded paddle.  She went right back to work on the same area, as lisa and
daphne wondered how damaged her cheeks were by now.  Jaclyn had taken a single
tail whip, and was cracking it loudly, as she got her positioning correct.

"You may want to step back and watch this part V, you know how I like it to wrap
it around their bodies."  Said Jaclyn, as she positioned herself to begin, and
Mistress V stopped her paddling and moved between lisa and daphne to watch. 
Jaclyn was clearly an expert, every strike wrapped around terri's torso as it
hit, leaving red stripes in its wake. 

As Jaclyn whipped terri, V signaled her maids with vibrators away, as she placed
her hands in the soaking snatches of lisa and daphne.  She enjoyed aroused
slaves; especially ones that were excited watching a fellow slave suffer.

"I want you two to come on my hands, as you watch terri suffer.  I know you two
are also pain sluts at heart, and here with terri, the three of you will learn
how much pain and pleasure you can endure.  When I'm done with the three of you,
you won't know the difference."  She began working their clits furiously, and
within in a minute they were begging for permission to cum.

"Granted," said V, and both exploded in massive orgasms, and V experienced how
copious lisa's orgasm could be, as a large puddle formed on the floor from her
gushing snatch.  Marvelous, thought V, this one is quite special, pity she is
wasted on John.  She liked him, but she felt his brand of Dominance never
brought women to their full potential.  She would have to think of a way to
wrest this slut for herself, though she knew that John desired her, unlike any
other previous slave.  She took her soaked hands and raised them for lisa and
daphne lick clean, as Jaclyn continued assaulting terri.  When her hands were
cleaned to her satisfaction, she picked up the remote control, and increased the
pace of the dildo reaming terri's pussy.

Jaclyn finally stopped the whipping, as terri was getting a glassy eyed look. 
She stepped up to her, face to face; smacking her cheeks a couple of times. 
This brought terri back, as she looked at her first owner with pleading in her
eyes.

"Get the tub, she will need to release the enema, wouldn't want her intestines
exploding, " said Mistress V, and two maids placed a large tub beneath terri. 
One of them removed the hose, and immediately a stream of water came back out of
the plug.  It continued for several minutes, as Jaclyn remained face to face
with terri, watching her strain to expel the enema through the plug.

"It would be easier if we removed the plug girl, but easy isn't in your
vocabulary anymore.  If you think this is your punishment, you are wrong, it is
just the introduction.  Maybe, if you take the full regimen of punishments well
enough, and behave properly afterwards, then V and I won't have to remove your
tongue."  Terri heard that, and panic returned to her eyes. "That would be a
pity, if I remember correctly, that tongue has talent. It would be a waste to
remove it; anyway, we could just surgically remove your vocal cords if it came
to that, but the whorehouse is still a possibility."

Once the enema reduced to a drip coming from behind terri, they stopped the
dildo.  The two Mistresses violently yanked the clamps from her clit and
nipples, causing her to scream and writhe in her bondage.  The machine was
removed, and her ankles released; she could have stood, if her legs weren't
completely dead from the stretching.  She hung there, her legs askew and
useless, as the Mistresses looked her over.

"Still plenty of room left for more bruises, she's not too damaged, yet," said
Jaclyn," let her recover a bit, as I would like a look at these new pets."

They turned their attention to the post-orgasmic slaves, hanging behind them. 
Jaclyn first inspected lisa, and the puddle on the floor in front of her.  She
dipped a finger in it and tasted it, looking up at Mistress V, she smiled and
said," it's for real, not pee from a scared slave, but arousal from a true pain
slut, wonderful!"

"I know, John found a special one, and she's Ours for the next few weeks.  We
will have some fun with this one, and of course there is sweet little daphne
too."  Mistress V said, as she smiled back at her sister Domme.

"Pretty little daphne," said Jaclyn, as she rose to face her," a change of pace
for you.  Last time we saw each other, you were delivering punishment; this is
quite a change.  Tell me girl, why the change of heart?"

"This slave," said daphne, in a cool level voice," failed Master John in
training lisa, and in the course of paying the price, realized her true role. 
She is better as a slave, now she can constantly atone for the mistakes she has
made."

"Excellent," said Jaclyn." This little slut is really a slave at heart.  I can
see it in her eyes, the look of surrender, total and complete."  The girl bound
in front of Jaclyn was nothing like the one she had played with in the past, and
daphne was pleased that Jaclyn saw her true heart. 

"Tell Me lisa," said Mistress V," did you enjoy watching terri suffer?"

"Yes Mistress, she is very sexy and so was her punishment."  She ventured
nothing further, as she was trained to answer only what was asked.

"Good," said V," the two of you are here to learn the pleasure of punishment,
and little terri will be joining in that training.  Until now, most of your
pleasure has been separated from your punishment; here you will learn how to
merge them.  John and Jack want pain sluts, who derive pleasure from pain.  He
informs Me that lisa is already on that road, and daphne clearly has potential,
so Jaclyn and I are going the erase the line that separates pain from pleasure.
"

The two Dommes returned to the dangling form across from lisa and daphne, and
removed the last of her bondage, then lowered her to the floor, where she lay
quietly.  A hand gesture brought two maids over, and they took terri by the
shoulders and dragged her out of the dungeon.  Then they returned their
attention to the new comers, as they attached their spreader bars to bolts in
the floor and the end of their gloves to the middle of the spreader bar.  

"Raise them," said Mistress V.

The bar behind daphne and lisa's back began rising, lifting them off their toes
and placing tremendous strain on their shoulders and backs.  They stopped rising
when the chain holding their legs to the floor went taught, and their pussies
were at eye level with the Mistresses.  V worked on lisa and Jaclyn on daphne,
as they fitted specially prepared toys on the slaves. 

First they inserted three two inch metal balls into each of their pussies, they
shook them a bit so the slaves would realize they had a smaller ball nestled
within the larger.  They took their time inserting them, stretching and prodding
their pussies, as they maneuvered them all into place.  Once the last one was
in, they used thin gold chains to lace them in, through their rings, finally
running both ends through the hood ring, and padlocking them so the lock would
dangle. 

Next, belts with built in metal butt plugs were produced, and the girls saw that
the plugs, though not as large as terri's, were quite large.  The belts went
around their waists, with a strap dangling in the back, where the plug was
mounted.  Once on their waists, the Dommes greased and fitted the plugs, which
stretched their sphincters wide before finally seating in their asses.  The belt
split in two as they drew it forward, dividing to leave the chained pussies
exposed, as it was attached to two buckles on the front of the belt.  When done,
there was a black leather V descending to their crotches, leaving their pussies
quite visible.

"Now girls, get used to this, you will wear these at all times, except when you
are cleaned and flushed."  Mistress V the produced another of her evil remotes,
and hit a button, immediately causing the balls to vibrate and bang around in
the girls vaginas.  The effect caught them both off guard, as they were just
getting used to the strain on their shoulders.  Now, as the invaders rattled in
them, the girls jerked causing more pain in their shoulders, even as the balls
aroused their cunts.

"I see they like the new toys, now for the rear one," said V as she hit another
switch sending jolts of electricity into their asses, and each girl stiffened
and tensed at the feeling.

The Dommes took the tiny padlocks on the pussy chains and lifted them, as they
used their tongues to lightly lick the slaves' clits.

"You will be lowered after you have a nice orgasm or two," chuckled Jaclyn as
she assaulted daphne's clit.  Both girls were beginning to understand the
Dommes' intent now, as the pain in their shoulders and asses mixed with the
pleasure in their cunts.  Soon both were shuddering in climax, while the
Mistresses continued their assault, and the girls were in a multi-orgasmic
bliss.  The pain was there, but it just fueled their passion as they continually
came as the tongues flicked their hard clits. 

After countless orgasms the Mistresses stopped, and switched off the devices. 
Mistress V gestured and the girls descended until on their feet again.  The two
women facing the bound slaves, took their nipples and twisted them back and
forth, until they saw that the post-orgasm bliss was replaced with the pain they
were causing. 

"Tonight you will service us, I will have my maids release you and deliver you
both to our bedrooms," said Mistress V.  "Tomorrow morning you begin the
pain/pleasure training with terri."  With that said, V and Jaclyn left the girls
as the maids released them.

They were completely unbound, and bathed for the Mistresses.  When they arrived
under maid escort at the Mistresses' boudoirs they were bound to the massive
beds.  They were chained faces down halfway up the beds, with their legs spread
very wide to the base posts, and their arms stretched horizontally to their
bodies, and tied to the sides.  Their hair was braided, and attached to the back
of their belts, which were refitted on them after the baths, so they were facing
forward.  It was a strenuous position, but they were conditioned for this type
of severity.

When Jaclyn entered the bedroom with daphne bound to her bed, she took some time
to play with her toy.  She flogged her ass until a nice pink hue dominated the
cheeks, as she used the remote to alternately vibrate and shock both her nether
holes.   She had daphne very aroused and nearly to the point of orgasm, when she
stopped and climbed on the bed.  She was naked, and slid her ass right up to
daphne's face, as she reclined onto her pile of pillows, staring at the slave
whose face was an inch from her pussy.

"Now pleasure Me," she said to daphne," and if you do well, I will remember it
when punishing you later.  Failing to please Me will also be remembered."  The
slave immediately went to work, and within a few minutes was relieved to hear
Jaclyn's moans of pleasure, as she continued to eat out her temporary Mistress's
pussy.

In V's bedroom a similar scene was unfolding, only V took her position in front
of lisa's face before playing with her at all.  As lisa ate out V, the Mistress
alternately used a flogger to whip her back, and the remote to stimulate her
crotch.  All this while reclining on her back, as lisa fought the myriad of
stimulation's she felt attempting to stay focused on pleasing the Mistress. 

After a couple of hours of play the Mistresses ordered them to rest, as they
went to sleep.  The slaves had a hard time falling asleep with their heads
pulled back, but eventually drifted off.  When they awoke, they were alone, and
maids were removing them from the beds. 

They were led to the dungeon, where they saw terri again, on her knees with her
arms in an arm-binder.  She was eating out of a dog bowl, and two other bowls
waited there for the slaves.  Their wrists were locked behind their backs, and
they were ordered to feed.  They were also told that when finished the three
needed to lick each other's face clean, then kneel and wait. 

Once they had complied with the maids' orders they knelt side by side, waiting
for someone to arrive.  The girls noticed terri now sported a similar belt to
theirs, except the strap in the front was just a singlewide strap that held
something in her pussy.  No one spoke, knowing they did not have permission. 
Their wait lasted an hour, once the Mistresses were sure their knees would be
sore.

The Mistresses arrived with six maids in tow, all carrying bundles of leather
items.  The maids paired up with the three slaves and each were fitted with the
same outfit.  First, tight leather corsets were put on the girls; each
terminated low enough to leave their breasts exposed.  Thigh high fishnet
stockings were put on them, and each was laced into knee high ballet boots,
forcing their feet to point straight down. They were helped to their feet, and
each was told to hold onto horizontal bars above their heads, as their wrists
were locked to them.  Now they were fitted with open cup leather bras, that
squeezed their breasts, making them balloon in front of them.  Finally they were
fitted into full leather hoods, that had round openings for their mouths, eyes,
and noses.  Padded blindfolds went over their eyes, as penis gags, with a
breathing hole, stuffed their mouths.

The three were quite a sight, as the maids completed their bondage by placing
spreaders on their ankles, making them leather covered fleshy Xs.  Once spread
again, lisa thought how her pussy spent more time open and available than her
face did these days.  Her feet felt the most strain, since this was the first
time she wore ballet boots, and it amazed her how every part of her anatomy
could be controlled, one way or another.

For the remainder of the morning they were bound like this as they were
tormented.  They were assaulted on their breasts and asses with all manner of
beating instruments, as their cunts and assholes were stimulated via remote
controls.  They suffered and were pleasured simultaneously for hours.  To add to
the sensory control their hoods imposed, small speakers in the hoods assailed
them with comments on their slutty, pain loving attributes.

By noon they were spent, and their three heads slumped in their bondage.  They
were lowered to the floor and left to lie there for an hour, before being hauled
back up to start it all over again.  That night, before they were returned to
serve the Mistresses, they were made witness to how terri spent her nights.

They were led to a window, which opened on a small room where they saw her bound
over a sawhorse, with a padded bar (a definite improvement to what she endured
at Master's house).  She was face down, with wrists and ankles attached to the
four legs and a strap across her back holding her tightly to the top bar.  Her
belt had been removed, and her ass and pussy were open and available.  Four
large men entered the room, all sporting massive erections.  Two took positions
front and back, while the other two took to the sides with whips in hand.  They
proceeded to rape and whip her, and as the girls were led away, the maids
informed them that she would receive that punishment for several hours every
night, while they were with the Mistresses.

For the next week, the regimen was the same for the slaves.  The girls noticed,
as the days passed, how distant terri's eyes seemed when they found her in the
morning for their breakfast bowls.  She was clearly far more abused than lisa
and daphne, and it showed, as she was approaching the level of a mindless
fuck-toy.  The redhead had wanted to serve a Mistress as she had had bad
experiences with males in the past, and her nightly rapes were humbling her
greatly.

After the first week had past, the line between pleasure and pain was seriously
blurred for the slaves, and all three were able to cum on command just from
being tortured.  For lisa and terri, it was no surprise, as they knew they were
pain-sluts; but daphne was also feeling the difference.  Jaclyn had taken a
fancy to her, and on her nightly visits, could now make her cum just by abusing
her, physically and soon verbally.

The next phase of their training started in week two, when the three were now
being placed in very restrictive positions daily.  Inverted suspensions, severe
hog-ties, and other strenuous bondage was employed, while they were stimulated
to orgasm.  After two weeks they were fully conditioned to suffer and accept
pleasure simultaneously, and lisa and daphne were relieved when they were told
they would soon return to their Masters.

Their final night there, they were bound much like there first night, except
with the ballet boots they were becoming accustomed to.  As they hung on the bar
in the dungeon, they were not blindfolded, so they could see terri's final
judgement.

She was brought in bound to a rolling gurney, which had stirrups holding her
spread open for the Mistresses.  She was placed in front of daphne and lisa, and
they saw that blank look which she had developed over the last two weeks.

Mistress V and Jaclyn entered and took seats in front of the dangling lisa and
daphne, facing terri.  V said," Have you learned your lesson slave?"

"Yes Mistress," was all that the blank eyed girl said.

"In order to continue to serve Me, I require you to accept rings like the slaves
behind Me.  Also, for the next month your mouth will be stitched shut, since
that sassy mouth is what earned you these punishments.  At the end of that time,
you will be permitted to suffer daily for my pleasure, and your penance for the
next year will be to used by men as I see fit, you will be the house fuck-toy. 
At the end of that time, if you serve Me well, you will be branded on your
breast and pubic mound as a permanent mark of you slavery.  If you choose not to
submit to this, you can be sent to the whorehouse in Thailand."  Mistress V
said, as she rose and approached terri, who still lay there staring forward with
no sign of worry or refusal.

"Do you accept these terms?" She said as she stood facing the bound slave.

"Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress for allowing me to remain here."  The bound
slave said in a flat voice, showing no emotion at all.

For the next hour lisa and daphne watched as Jaclyn and V ringed terri, exactly
as they were ringed.  Then they witnessed the stitching of her mouth, when they
were done terri had six X shaped stitches welding her lips closed.

They finally turned back to daphne and lisa, and V said," She will be given a
special liquid diet through a straw for the time her mouth is sewn shut.  As my
pain-slave I have extreme requirements for this slut, and she knew this long
before these last two weeks, so feel no pity for this cunt, she is getting what
she truly wants, as both of you are sure to understand.  Tomorrow, you will be
boxed and shipped back to your Masters, I expect your behavior upon return will
make Me proud.  For your final night here, you will be permitted to service Us
unbound."

"Thank you Mistress," both slaves intoned in unison. 

They were released and led to the bedrooms, where the passion that had built
over the last two weeks was unleashed.  Both slaves pleasured their Mistresses
until all four slept soundly and satisfied nestled in each other arms.  The next
day, with their special belts still attached (a gift from V), the slaves were
bundled and boxed, then shipped back to their Masters' house, both of them eager
to see, and serve their Lords.  They were now ready for the public display of
their slavery that their Masters' had prepared in their absence.

To be continued...




Chapter 13: Homecoming



The girls' crates were delivered to the mansion, and Jack had the maids cart and
wheel them directly to the dungeon.  Unlike when they were shipped to V's, this
time they were placed face down, ball-tied and resting on their knees.  The trip
was far more uncomfortable in this position, as Mistress intended for the newly
trained pain-slaves.  When they reached the dungeon, the boxes were opened, and
hooks were attached to the belts bundling the slaves.  Again they were hoisted
out of the crates, this time they hung facing forward, with their asses pointing
down.

They were left alone, hanging and facing each other, and with effort they raised
their heads to look at each other.  They smiled in unison, happy to be home, and
anxious to see their Masters.  They said nothing, but they communicated their
feelings with their eyes, it was good to be home.  They were left like that for
an hour, before the Masters arrived.

Upon entering the dungeon, neither man said a word; they each took up positions
behind their slaves.  Unfastening the back of their belts, and removing the
oversized butt-plugs, they immediately plunged their dicks into the slaves'
asses.  Standing still, the men began rocking the slaves back and forth to fuck
them, and talking to each other as if the slaves weren't even there. 

The girls did not care one bit, feeling a real dick, and their Master's no less,
was all they needed.  The balls clanged in their chained pussies, and suddenly
sprang to life when the men activated them.

"Damn, John," said Jack,"these ben-wa balls feel great!"

"Glad Joe showed us the pleasure they provided with the twins, these sluts
better get used to them, they are going carry them in their cunts often."  Said
John, as he picked up the pace, now rocking into his swinging slave's ass, to
get more thrust.  The girls just grunted and moaned in pleasure as the men
fucked away at their asses.

Both girls now were struggling to hold off the orgasms they felt building
within, and hoped the Masters would permit them to climax soon.  The feel of a
real cock, after two weeks of dildos, was making them swoon in delight.  The
buzzing and clanging of their ben-wa balls was making them dizzy with lust.

Finally, John said," You sluts have permission to cum, only when you feel us
filling your asses with our own cum."  Then he and Jack began to furiously pound
into their butts, as they rapidly neared climax.  When they came, the girls
stopped fighting back the urge, and erupted in massive orgasms, shuddering in
their bonds.  The men removed their cocks, and re-plugged their asses, then spun
the girls to face them.

They pulled up on their hair, stuffed their still hard dicks into their mouths,
for a proper cleaning.  Both slaves, though still in a stupor from their lusty
release, greedily sucked in the dicks grunting and moaning for more.  Soon they
were pulled off the cocks, and the men stooped down to look in their eyes.

"Welcome home," was all they said, then they left them hanging alone again in
the dungeon.

Eventually two maids arrived, lowered and released the slaves, and they were led
back upstairs to the large bath to be cleaned up.  The girls had become
accustomed to walking with their butt-plugs in, but still shuddered
involuntarily when their steel balls shifted and clanged inside their
chain-laced pussies; they were just thankful they weren't vibrating or shocking
them right now.  The feeling of being filled all the time was usually nice, but
felt less than adequate after feeling their Master's cocks in them just a short
while ago. 

When they arrived, they were ordered to remove the butt-plugs while squatting
over the toilets, so they would not make a mess as they still held their
Master's sperm in their asses.  Once the last dribbles were out, with their
pussy's still chained shut, they were bathed and massaged to release the stress
of their extended bondage.  They were each given a sexy see-through teddy to
wear, and led back to the study to see the men.

When they arrived in the study they each instinctively dropped to their hands
and knees then crawled to their Master's feet and kissed them.  Both assumed the
present position, heads bowed and eyes downcast, awaiting their next orders. 
For the girls, at this point, their only focus was to follow and obey, and
having no orders at this time, they knew their responsibility was simply to be
ready and available.

"Looks like our sluts missed us John," said Jack, as he stroked daphne's hair. 

"Good observation, and they seem ready to serve us, as they should," said John,
as he reached between lisa's spread thighs and caressed her chained cunt.  She
let out a small gasp of pleasure as He tugged on her chain and rings. 

"Let's start with daphne," said John," report your experiences at Mistress V's
house."

The slave recited a general overview of their time there, how they were trained
and used by both Mistresses.  When she was done, lisa was instructed to give her
version, and the men seemed pleased hearing the stories their slaves told.  They
were particularly interested in the treatment terri the slave received, and
their slaves each gave their views on what they saw.

"She was a brat," said daphne," that needed to be severely disciplined, and she
was.  She had not learned the true lesson of slavery, obedience and humility,
until it was driven from her.  By the time we left she was stripped of her ego,
and was a fresh slate for Mistress V to write her will."

Then lisa made her report," I agree with daphne, but I don't know if she really
had her ego stripped, or whether it was just buried deep by her treatment.  I
see a light in my slave sister's eyes, that was missing from terri, and I am
afraid she may revolt again.  I hope she doesn't get sent to the whorehouse, she
really has the makings of a good slave, I just don't know if she understands it
yet."

"Understands what lisa?"  Asked John.

"we are here to serve our Master's pleasure, whether or not it serves the slave. 
A slave's pleasure can only be derived from pleasing their Masters," said lisa,
feeling it was the truth, how she truly felt.

John decided to test her resolve, and handed her a cane, as he instructed daphne
to bend over the back of a chair, ass high up. 

"Ten strokes, hard ones, across her ass," said John to lisa, who at that moment
was confused.  To her credit she quickly discarded doubts, and obeyed the
command.  Her only problem was, and she did not realize it herself, was that she
did not give daphne her hardest effort, but the men noticed, as they expected
it.  Daphne took the strokes without a reaction, as she knew they were light
compared to what was possible.

"You pass the obedience aspect of the test, but fail the spirit of it, since you
did not hit her hard enough.  Your empathy for your sister got in the way, now
daphne will give you twenty strokes, and you will understand what true obedience
is." Said Jack, as he took the cane from a humble looking lisa, and had the
slaves switch positions.

Daphne had no such reservations, though she did empathize with lisa, she wailed
her sister's ass with twenty brutal strokes.  It took all of lisa's resolve to
remain still and accept the punishment unbound.  What daphne understood was
implicit in her now, as lisa was still learning the truth she thought she
understood.  After the twentieth stroke, lisa learned her newest lesson, follow
orders without allowing your feelings to get in the way, as the burning pain in
her ass reminded her.

Following this scene, the men gave lisa another lesson, as each of the slaves
were bent over chairs, the men switched slaves for another ass fucking.  They
were positioned facing each other and ordered to watch each other get fucked. 
While daphne was thrilled to feel John's cock in her ass, lisa felt a tinge of
jealousy.  Though she had witnessed her Master fuck others, this was the first
time he took her sister slave in front of her.  Both men were sure of their
slaves' reactions, and both were setting them up for their next punishment.

Instead of finishing off in their asses, when the men were ready, they pulled
free, spun the slaves around, and made them swallow their loads.  The Masters,
upon releasing their pent up passions, ordered the slaves to crawl back to the
dungeon for punishments.  They were told that each had better get their feelings
under control, jealousy from lisa and too much pleasure from daphne were
unacceptable.

The men led the way, as the slaves scrambled to keep up, as those damnable balls
clanged away in their snatches, enhanced by the fact they had to crawl quickly. 
When they reached the dungeon, the men took their slaves by the hair and yanked
them to their feet.

Jack dragged daphne to a set of stocks, and locked her head and wrists into it,
leaving her bent over and available.  Her ankles were also placed into floor
stocks, spreading her wide and anchoring her in place.  John dragged lisa over
to an unpadded horse, and secured her to it, with the hard wooden beam running
from her neck to her pussy, wrists and ankles attached to the legs.  She now
knew how terri must have felt the nights she was bound like this.  To make
matters worse, her nipples were attached to a small chain, and brought together
beneath the beam, making any movement painful. 

The men took whips from the wall rack, long braided single-tails, and began
whipping their slaves.  They were skilled at their use, and cracked them in the
air near their bodies, between real lashes on their backs.  After both girls had
a series of raised red welts on their backs, they were left sweaty and humbled,
still bound, and the men left them to suffer alone. 

They spent several hours there, humbled and in pain, until the maids arrived to
release them.  Their freedom was fleeting, as they were each placed in a cage. 
The cages were diabolical in design, and custom made for the slaves.  At first
they were laid down, as they were long and narrow. Their wrists were attached by
their sides, to rings in the cage bars, and their ankles were similarly fastened
at the base of the cage.  The top was closed, and locks fastened to their nose
rings and collars on the front of the cage.  Locked in place like this, with the
cages built to afford them no movement, they were winched up vertical, then
lifted off the ground.  Now they realized the true torture, as they were forced
to stand on a thin metal bar bisecting their feet.

The maids left, and darkened the dungeon, so they could not see a thing.  After
a few minutes their feet began to ache from carrying their weight on such a
small area, and they both tried to grasp the sidebars to relieve the pressure. 
This worked for short periods, but they couldn't keep their grip for long.  They
were left like this for two hours, when the maids returned.  Rather than being
freed from this torment, the maids simply placed eight inch spike heeled shoes
on their feet, forcing their toes nearly straight down.  It was a relief that
the heels of the shoes now bore their weight, as they were hooked onto the
bottom bar.  To make sure they had even less freedom, a strap bound their feet
together below the cage, where their toes were pointing down.

They were left like that for the night, and they barely caught a short nap or
two, as any movement jolted them back to consciousness.  Both girls spent the
night heeding their lessons, and focusing on their failures.  Daphne knew she
had disrespected her true Master, when John had taken her, she was Jack's
property now, and any feelings for John needed to be banished.  Lisa, on the
other hand, realized she had to remember that jealousy is an emotion slaves
could not afford.  She knew she belonged to John, and his pleasure was her only
goal, and if He took another's body for pleasure, then going forward she would
be pleased for Him.

By morning the girls were ragged, but the message was delivered, they were now
going to be better slaves to their Masters.  Upon release, and after their
morning rituals, the girls were delivered again to their Masters in the study. 
Each was commanded to relate the lesson they had learned the previous night. 

First it was lisa, who said, as she kneeled before John," Master, this humble
slave begs your forgiveness for feeling jealous yesterday.  Your pleasure is
this slave's only concern, and will never allow jealous thoughts to surface
again.  This slave belongs to You, and whatever pleases You, pleases this
slave."

"Very good slut," said John," I will expect you to live up to that statement."

Next was daphne's turn, as she said," This slut begs her Master's forgiveness,
my past feelings for Master John are now history.  Yesterday I failed my true
Master by enjoying another's attention too much.  Master Jack is this slave's
one true Master, and from here on this slave will only focus on His pleasure,
and let the past go."

"Very well," said Jack, "but I will watch you closely slut, as I know how you
have felt about lisa's Master, and I will not tolerate further disrespect of
your chosen position."

"Thank You Master," said daphne," please punish this slave harshly, should she
fail you again."

"By saying that, you stupid cunt, you make Me think you will fail again.  You
earned another night in the cage slut, with no shoes to ease your pain.  Now
both of you, go to the kitchen and follow the maids directions."  Said Jack, as
he pushed daphne to the floor with his foot, and both girls crawled from the
study.

"Dumb cunt," said Jack to John, when they were gone," I'm going to have to abuse
her extensively to erase her feelings for you. "

"You knew that when you took her, I think you will enjoy it immensely my
friend," said John, smiling at his friend.

"You got that right, brother."

That morning the girls were fed, then put to work cleaning, they were
sex-slaves, but they still needed to earn their keep.  After lunch, they were
taken out back, for their next training regimen.  Since the men liked the idea
of them in ballet boots, they were fitted with them again, and attached to a
walking trainer, mainly used for pony training.  It was an eight-foot high pole,
with a horizontal bar extending from the top, six feet out on either side.  They
were made to stand below the ends of the extensions, and their belts were
attached with two chains on either side of them up to the horizontal bar. 
Eighteen-inch hobble chains were attached to their ankles, while their wrists
were locked behind their backs.

Two maids took positions just outside the circle, next to the slaves, and each
simultaneously cracked a riding crop on their flanks as they were ordered to
walk.  The horizontal bar pivoted from the center pole, and they began walking
in a circle.  They were forced to stay in pace with each other and both were
clumsy at first, as they adjusted to walking on their toes.  When they stumbled,
as they did on the first several revolutions, they were quick to regain balance
as their plugs tightened painfully when it caught their weight.  After each half
lap, the maids would swat them and order them to pick up the pace, and they
would activate their inserts, sometimes for praise, other times for punishment. 

The first day, this continued for an hour, and the girls felt their leg muscles
throbbing, upon release.  Poor daphne was tortured in her cage that night, as
lisa was allowed to sleep hogtied in her Master's bed.  While daphne suffered in
the dungeon, Jack took both the maids to his room, and John had lisa service him
as she was bound between his legs. 

The next day the girls did their morning chores, and in the afternoon their
walking training.  Poor lisa suffered, as daphne was so sore from the night
before, that she stumbled frequently, to make it worse a half-hour was added to
the training time.  This regimen continued for a week increasing to three hours
straight by week's end, with the only differences in their regimens being their
nighttime adventures with their Masters.  By the end of the week, the girls were
able to walk unsupported in their ballet boots, and their leg muscles were
getting well toned.

Midway through the week they were fitted with custom leather corsets arrayed
with many stout rings.  They left their breasts bare, but had leather straps
attached to the top, that cinched their breasts tight to their chests, and
pulled them up as they were also cinched together behind their necks. They were
designed to compress their waists two inches more than natural, and were the
first part of a three corset set, that would eventually cinch them down to a
mere 18 inch waist. 

They also received new jewelry for their nipples, with the bars replaced by
thick gold rings an inch in diameter with little bells dangling from them.  They
were used in conjunction with their nose, collar, and pussy rings to form an
elaborate leash, which was used to lead them everywhere.  Large reinforced
leather posture collars also became part of their wardrobe, locking their heads
straight and rigid, unable to turn or bend.  The outfits were nearly complete
when their arm binders arrived, once again made of rigid leather, specially
designed to fit them perfectly.

They were quite a sight when fully outfitted and wearing all their new gear,
especially when the headpieces were attached.  They were training head harnesses
that had built in blinders, and could be fitted with a variety of gag types,
from bit to ball.  The Masters preferred the bit gags, as they displayed their
teeth and made them drool beautifully.

When they were able to walk in their ballet boots, the men had them fully rigged
up, in all the new bondage gear, and led them by their leashes on an hour-long
stroll through John's gardens.  As they trod behind their Masters, acutely aware
of their precarious position and need to focus on the task at hand, both slaves
still reveled in the feelings these men evoked in them.  They were totally
controlled, unable to do anything but follow where they were led by their
Master's, and they both felt the kind of love only a true submissive feels when
controlled by the One.

At the end of the walk, they emerged on a small clearing, where the girls saw a
familiar figure, Mistress V.  Behind her, fastened face down and spread eagle to
stakes in the ground lay terri.  Her bondage also had her lifted in the
midsection as she was bound over a thick log, her ass pointing up with her
recently ringed charms exposed nicely. 

"As agreed John," said V," a nice diversion for you two as I take the time to
inspect your future fillies for induction in my pony training camp."  She walked
up to the men and took their slave's leashes, as she gestured for them to avail
themselves of her bound slave.  They casually walked over to terri and took
positions in front and back, and shortly she was servicing both their cocks.

"My, don't you two look delicious all done up like this," said V, as she studied
them up and down," the only thing missing is the tail and a proper hairdo. 
Follow Me girls," she said, as she led them away from their Masters and the
redhead whom was servicing them.

Just around a bend in the path they came upon two maids standing next to small
sulky, and they were positioned side by side just in front of it.  The maids
proceeded to attach them to the one seat cart, using the rings in their corsets
to fasten them to the two poles extending from it.  They brought their leashes
between their legs, and threaded them through rings in the ends of the arm
binders, before hooking them to the front edge of the sulky's driver's seat.  A
bar was fitted behind their backs, and locked to their corsets, forcing them to
stay side by side.

Mistress V stepped in front of them, and said," your Master's are considering
entering you in My pony training camp, as you just heard.  Admission is
contingent on my approval, so this demonstration is for me to determine your
worthiness for pony training.  Only the most highly disciplined slave can cut it
as a pony, as you should understand, since you are now wearing typical pony
gear.  Now you will take Me for a ride, and I will determine if you have the
potential to become true ponies." 

Mistress V took her seat, reins/leashes in one hand and her crop in the other. 
A quick slap on each of their bottoms, and a giddy-up, and they began a slow
walk.  Though they felt totally Dominated walking with their Master's, now they
felt even more controlled.  They struggled at first, but quickly developed a
rhythm and were soon pulling Mistress at a nice steady pace.  Mistress was
impressed, these two were well in sync for beginners, she thought.

The girls were so involved in staying focused, that they failed to realize how
erotic this felt, that is until Mistress activated their vibrating balls.  They
stumbled at first, but regained control, even as they felt their crotches
engorge with desire and pleasure.  By the time they circled back to the clearing
where the men were using terri, they were a hairs breadth from orgasm.   They
were pulled to a stop by a tug on their leashes, and stood there fighting the
oncoming eruption, then the balls stopped vibrating, leaving them feeling
unfulfilled.

"These foolish slaves almost came without permission, but to their credit they
resisted," said V.  She got out of the sulky, as her maids, who were waiting
here for her, released the slaves from their attachments to the cart.  They were
helped to their knees, facing their Masters that were still using terri from
both ends.

"Now," said V as she activated the vibrators in the slaves' pussies again," you
may can cum, as you watch your owners receive pleasure from My slave."

The girls were so close at that point, that once the vibrations resumed, they
were shuddering in orgasmic bliss instantly.  Their bodies shook from the power
of it, as they drooled down their chests, and the little bells tinkled on their
now purple breasts.  Watching their Masters ravish terri from both ends made
them feel hotter as they imagined themselves in her position, taking cocks in
their cunts and mouths at the same time. 

Mistress V watched with glee, as she prepared to give the slaves a final shock,
literally.  She activated the plugs and balls electric shocks simultaneously,
causing the slaves unspeakable pain in their cunts and asses.  They twitched as
they tried to stay on their knees, but failed as they collapsed sideways onto
the ground, and unconsciousness enveloped their overloaded bodies.

The men were finally ready to cum after fucking terri brutally for the last
half-hour, and abruptly pulled free from her splattering her face and ass with
their spunk.  After they wiped their cocks clean in her matted red hair, they
approached V and their unconscious slaves lying at her feet. 

"Out cold?" John asked, as he prodded lisa with his foot.

"Properly overloaded and spent," said V.

"I'll call for a golf cart to take them back in, we'll have to make a second
trip to recover terri, we won't have room for three in the cart." Jack
interjected.

"Don't worry about her," V said," she can stand some fresh air, we'll leave her
here for a while."  She went over to the sulky and removed a bag, from which she
produced a rather large dildo.  She brought it over to the men and showed them
it was also inflatable, pumping it up until it was as wide as thick salami,
while remaining tapered at the base.

"This will keep terri occupied and in the proper frame of mind," she said, as
she stepped behind her, and rammed it roughly up her already tender pussy.  She
pumped it up, and then tugged a few times to make sure it would not come out. 
Just for good measure she cracked her crop across terri's ass with ten strokes,
causing the abused slave to twitch and moan.  On the tenth stroke V commanded
terri to cum, and the men watched as she twitched and moaned mumbling, " Thank
You Mistress," over and over.

In a short time, a cart appeared coming up the path, with another maid driving,
she stopped and walked up to her Mistress.  She was instructed to remain here
for an hour with terri and to clean her new rings, then release her and have her
crawl back to the mansion, with the dildo remaining in her cunt.  They were to
both be kneeling at the Mistress feet in one and a half hours, or both would be
punished for failure.

The men and the other two maids lifted and placed lisa and daphne in the back of
the cart, then the maids returned to the sulky and began walking it back to the
house, as the Doms got in the cart and drove back.  During the ride, V told the
men that their slaves would make fine pony girls, and she could take them in a
week.  John dashed her plans, when he told her that she would have to wait a few
months, as they had a full regimen planned and wanted to show their new pets to
the group at Joe's party next month.

When they reached the house, the men carried their slaves like sacks of potatoes
over their shoulders and into the bath, where the two maids returning the sulky
soon appeared.  They were instructed to remove their gear, including all the
inserts, clean them and deliver them to the study.  The three Doms retired there
to relax and wait for the slaves' arrival.

Mistress kept looking at the clock, as the time proscribed for the slaves'
arrival approached, and she smiled as they passed the limit imposed.  Soon a
knock was heard, and John said, "Enter."  The maid and terri opened the door,
and crawled to their Mistress' feet.

"You are late, stand and strip elisha," said V, as the petite blonde maid
obeyed, and was soon naked and kneeling at her Mistress feet, with a worn and
dirty terri kneeling beside her.

"Take this slut to the bathroom and clean her up, then both of you will proceed
to the dungeon and wait for me, you have thirty minutes," said V, and she waved
the sluts away, and they quickly crawled from the room.

"You know they don't have enough time to properly clean her up, you are an evil
bitch V," said Jack.

"Thank you for the compliment," she said, and continued," e and t have formed a
bond and they are not aware that I know.  While I am not averse to slaves
bonding, I only tolerate those bonds I approve of, and terri is in a yearlong
penance, and not allowed friendships of any type.  Tonight, with your approval
of course, I will show terri the cost of befriending elisha."

"Marvelous V!"  John exclaimed, "that will be a show worth watching.  Would you
mind if lisa and daphne watched?"

"Of course that would be fine, all I ask is that you wait until I have them
fully prepped before joining us," said V.

"That will be fine, Jack and I were going to enjoy our slaves' private
attentions anyway, when they arrive we will leave you to yours."

Another knock came from the door, and the maids led in the freshly cleaned and
bondage free slaves.  They crawled to their Master's feet, and began kissing
their boots, but were summarily ordered to crawl to Mistress and kiss her feet
in thanks for her attention today. 

After twenty minutes of slave attention to her feet, Mistress V excused herself,
and left with the maids for the dungeon.

Jack and John led their slaves to the bedroom, and granted them the freedom of
unfettered passion.  For the next hour they made passionate love, as 'vanilla'
women would, though their submissive feelings for their Masters heightened the
passion beyond what a regular woman would feel.  And when they were done, and
nearly spent, they retired to the bath, and bathed their Masters' bodies as they
joined them in the large tubs, feeling so completely satisfied and fulfilled in
service to them.

By the time they were ready to descend to the dungeon for their evening
entertainment, Mistress V had thoroughly prepared her slaves for severe torment. 
The slaves crawled in, leashed by their nose rings, and naked otherwise behind
their Masters, who simply wore robes.  They dared not look at anything but their
Master's feet, though the sound of two women moaning made them curious.  John
and Jack took seats side by side, and the women knelt between their legs, and
were told to turn and face forward looking up.

They saw elisha and terri before them, and their hearts felt pity at the evil
position in which they were bound.  The blonde maid was in the far more
precarious position, strapped tightly to a St. Andrew's cross, with her feet
unable to reach the floor.  There were three tight straps on each of her legs
and arms, and a thick strap across her waist at the intersection of the cross.  
She had large silver nipple rings that were stretching her breasts upward with
thin chains attached that met two feet out forming a single chain rising up
through a pulley.  This chain terminated at terri's manacled wrists, which were
pulled straight up from her bound body, which was strapped to a vertical post
across from elisha. 

The redheaded slave was strapped across her forehead, throat, chest (above and
below her breasts), waist, thigh, and ankle, forcing her to remain tiptoed on
her right foot.  Her left leg was not attached to the pole; it was manacled at
the ankle and lifted in front of her at waist height.  The rope holding it up
ran up to a second pulley, and back down to a pole mounted between elisha's
splayed thighs.  Atop this pole was mounted a massive dildo that was partially
imbedded up her vagina, with at least six inches still visible.

The torment was obvious, terri's arms, if relaxed, would stretch the maid's
already distended nipples, and if she lowered her left leg, the dildo would rise
farther into elisha's pussy.   It was clear to the kneeling slaves that they
were under severe duress, as both were sweating profusely, and terri had a look
of fear in her eyes, worried that she may seriously injure her friend.  The
level of strain on terri, trying to keep her arms up high, as well as her left
leg raised, was clear on her face as it showed the strain.

With the arrival of the two slaves, Mistress plan took on a new twist, as the
girls were now ordered to kneel in front of the bound slaves.  In front of
terri, daphne now knelt and was ordered to lick her pussy, but offer no support
for the raised leg.  Little lisa was placed in front of elisha, and commanded to
stimulate her clit and keep the dildo wet as it slowly climbed into elisha's
cunt.  From her position between the maid's legs, lisa noticed that terri was
losing her battle to keep her leg raised as she noticed the dildo was slowly
rising.

Once daphne began her oral assault on terri's cunt, the poor bound slave was
distracted, and another inch slipped up elisha's cunt, as her nipples felt the
tension increase.  The tongue on her clit distracted her enough that she didn't
panic, as lisa's tongue worked her to pre-orgasmic levels. 

Not to be left out, the men took positions on either side of terri, where Jack
flogged her tits as John did the same to her ass.  The moans and grunts from the
bound slaves were music to all the Doms ears, as they tormented terri and
elisha.  Mistress V took a position just next to elisha's ear, whispering
something only the two could hear.  When she was done a barely audible, "Yes
Mistress, thank You Mistress," was heard from the suffering maid.

When terri finally succumbed to daphne's expert tongue, she screamed," forgive
me Mistress!"  Her body trembled and twitched, and the raised leg bounced up and
down causing the dildo to fuck elisha, whose resistance vanished as she screamed
the same thing as terri, signally their Mistress that both climaxed without
permission. 

"I knew you two were identical pain-sluts, maybe I should make you into a
matched pair like the slaves who are pleasuring you.  What do you think of that
elisha?" V asked.

"Whatever pleases you Mistress," she blurted between the rapid breathing the
pain and pleasure was invoking upon her overloaded body. 

"We shall see," said V, as she gestured the men to stop their flogging of terri,
and the removal of the pleasure slaves eating her victims' cunts.  The men and
their slaves returned to the chairs, and resumed their observance of V
tormenting her slaves.

The dildo was now fully imbedded in elisha's twat, as terri's strained leg
sagged in its bonds.  She managed to keep her arms high, so as not to tear off
elisha's nipples.  V released the chain from her wrists, and re-secured them to
the top of the pole.  When she released her leg, she pulled it back and up,
locking it to a ring on terri's waist belt. 

She returned to the maid, and unlocked the pole, lowering the dildo and
revealing it's full length of nearly a foot.  After removing the dildo pole, she
unlocked and rotated the cross, inverting elisha's body.  She walked to the
implement wall, and returned with a thin stiff strap, and proceeded to place ten
strong strokes directly between the maid's legs.  Much to her credit, she did
not scream until the last two strokes, and she managed a feeble, 'Thank You
Mistress' at the end.

Without a hesitation, V swung around, and delivered the same tally to terri's
breasts, leaving then red and welted. The severe abuse terri had received over
the last two months was evident as she had no verbal reaction to the pain
inflicted on her breasts, and she clearly said, 'Thank You Mistress,' once V
stepped back and lowered her strap.

Mistress walked over to the men, and they discussed her need to leave and her
appreciation that they would keep these sluts until tomorrow when she would send
for them.  She suggested they remain bound like they were for several hours,
then they could use them as they wished.  She reminded them that terri's
piercings were still healing, and her cunt needed immediate cleansing should
they use it, though she was sure terri could offer other enticements for their
pleasure.

After V left, lisa and daphne were placed in their cages, and left alone with
the two other slaves.  Several hours passed, and finally their Masters returned,
but they ignored their slaves, and released V's, having them service them orally
and anally as lisa and daphne watched.  When they were sated, the men stored V's
slaves in small three foot cubed metal cages that forced them into tight fleshy
balls inside the bars.  They raised the two cages from the floor with chains,
leaving the slaves with no room for comfort as only the bars of the cages
supported them. 

The four girls spent a confining and uncomfortable night within their private
prisons, but none of them chose to speak to the others, aware they did not have
permission.  Slave terri regretted the pain she caused elisha, but dreamed of
having a sister pain-slave to share her suffering.  Little elisha did not know
what to think, was Mistress serious about her being reduced to terri's pitiful
position?  She felt for terri, and was sometimes jealous of the extra attention
she received from Mistress, but could she take that much abuse?  As a
well-trained slave she resolved to accept whatever her Mistress chose to do with
her.

The two resident slaves were just happy they were Jack and John's property, as
serving Mistress V was clearly more taxing.  At first they wondered why their
Master's left them in the dark cold cages that night, but remembering the
freedom to make love to their Masters earlier, they reasoned that no kind act
would go unpunished in their world.  The four slaves slept fitfully, and the
next day the two guests were shipped back to V, while lisa and daphne resumed
their regular routine.

The next few weeks were uneventful, as no further visitors appeared, but the
girls were kept very busy.  They were generally wakened at 7 in the morning,
cleaned, fed, and worked at chores until lunch.  There meals were less than
satisfying, as they ate a tasteless gruel designed to give them just enough
nutrition to stay healthy, while reducing their body fat.  They did not realize
how kind this was, as it helped in their progression to the smallest of corsets,
and after three full weeks they were reduced to 18 inch waists in their leather
corsets.

Everyday they were rigged up in their 'gear' in the afternoons and exercised and
trained to maneuver in the restrictive equipment.  They became used to the tight
leatherwear, and looked forward to the time they spent in pre-pony training. 
They did have apprehension regarding their eventual trip to Mistress V's pony
camp, but generally disregarded those feelings as they reveled in their current
full time submission to their Masters.

In the evenings, they were 'used' by the Masters, sometimes together, sometimes
separately.  This use included many types of bondage and torture, and both
became accustomed to servicing either Master, as they liked to switch Topping
responsibilities.  The slaves descent into submission knew no bounds, and their
feelings and mindset of completely submissive full-time slaves blossomed.  When
the Masters felt they behaved especially well, they were treated to bondage free
love-making sessions, always followed by severe punishments to keep them in a
proper state of mind.

There came a night, when they reported to the Masters' study for their nightly
punishment session, that they were informed the following night was the party at
Joe's house.  They were told that they were going to travel in their pony gear,
and the Masters expected them to make them proud.  They were to obey and act
upon any order from any Dom at the party, and any hesitation would incur dire
consequences.  The girls were jubilant at the opportunity to 'strut their stuff'
and make their Masters proud.

That night they were granted the first full night in bed with their Masters,
'just like a typical vanilla woman', as John put it.  After torrid love making
and sensuous baths afterwards, they were given permission to speak freely, as
the men deemed it time to see how well they had progressed mentally.

In Jack's room, daphne spoke her heart and thanked him sincerely for releasing
her inner slave heart.  And more importantly for showing her John was not the
one who truly understood her, as Jack was the one who actually recognized her
desire.  After baring her soul to her Master, she was surprised when he offered
her one last choice.  They could continue as they were, as he would never
relinquish her slavery, but she could opt for something more formal.  He offered
her the chance to enter a formal Master/slave contract, followed by a special
ceremony where she would receive his brand on her pubic mound. 

There was no hesitation in her at all, as she embraced him and said," Yes my
Master, my Love!" 

He responded," Yes you are My slave and My Love pet, and you will where My
mark."  And together they embraced each other in total contentment as they
reached a level of commitment few could appreciate.

In John's room a similar course of events was transpiring, with subtle
differences.  When lisa was permitted to express her feelings, she gushed with
thanks and praise for the Master who literally 'swept her off her feet'.  She
mused that she never realized how passionate and fulfilling life could be, and
how she was so happy He found her.  When He reminded her of the year of service
she agreed to, she uncharacteristically stopped Him and asked for permission to
address that.

"Master, this slave needs no more time to decide if she wishes to serve You.  If
You deem this slave acceptable, she will swear her undying loyalty to you
forever," said lisa as her doe eyes touched His soul.

"In that case my dear," He said," you will enter a formal Master/slave contract,
and a ceremony will be performed where you will accept my brand on your pubic
mound."

With a gleam of pure devotion in her eyes, lisa said," Thank You Master, it will
be the greatest imaginable honor for this slave to have Your mark burned into
her flesh.  And if it does not offend You this slave must say...I LOVE YOU!"

He smiled, embraced her, and said," I love you too my pet, my slave."  There
were no further words necessary, as the four lovers spent the night in each
other's arms, looking forward to the future as an adventure that had just begun.

To be continued...




Chapter 14: Branded

When they woke the next morning, they were all in a frenzy of preparation.  The
slaves were sent with the maids for a thorough cleaning before donning their
pony gear.  The men made sure Joe knew that there would be a branding ceremony
that night to highlight the party. 

John and Jack went to the study and opened the wall safe, which held a special
wooden boxes, which contained the branding irons they had made while the girls
were training at V's last month.  They both knew by that time, that this was the
inevitable outcome for their slaves.  They reasoned that once they wore their
brands the slaves' would have an indelible reminder of their permanent
submission to them.

The brands were designed with large script style Js, and a lower case  L in one
and a  D in the other, nestled in the middle of their Master's initial.  Simple
yet elegant marks designed to proclaim the ownership of their slaves.  Tonight
they would be heated white hot and burned into the mons of their slaves.  The
two proud Master's inspected and then returned the irons to their cases.

By lunchtime, all was packed and ready, as the now fully rigged slaves met their
Master's in the study.  A light lunch was waiting for them, and they were forced
to stand and be hand-fed as their pony girl attire afforded them no freedom. 
Both slaves thoroughly enjoyed taking small morsels from their Master's fingers,
and licking them clean.

Once fed, they were led to the garage by leashes attached to their chained and
ball-stuffed pussies.  There they were shocked to see a horse trailer attached
to a large SUV.  They were led to the back of the trailer, and up the ramp that
came down from the rear, just as a horse would be loaded.  The men walked them
into the trailer, and securely rigged them side by side, so when they were done
the slaves stood at attention unable to move.

They raised the ramp, and left the imprisoned slaves in the trailer for an hour
before leaving for Joe's ranch.  It seemed appropriate that the party was at
Joe's with his large log house, with the massive fireplace in the main room used
for the party.  The hour-long drive was uneventful for the slaves riding in the
trailer, until they reached the unpaved private road leading to Joe's house. 
The were jostled severely as Jack made sure to hit every bump in the road, and
John played with the remote alternately vibrating and shocking their stuffed
nether holes. 

When they finally pulled up to the house the slaves were relieved that the
motion and bumping around finally ceased.  The relief was short-lived as the
twins appeared to remove them from the trailer, releasing the bindings that held
them fast. Their leashes jerked them as they were led into the house.  The twins
nearly dragged them along as they harshly tugged on their clitoral rings.  Once
inside they were led to the main room, where they saw what was prepared for
them.

In front of the large stone fireplace, which had a fire pit twelve feet wide and
six feet high currently filled with large logs not yet burning, stood two metal
frames.  They were eight foot square and had many metal rings around the
perimeter, and stood eight feet from the open hearth's mouth.  They were each
marched to a separate frame, and the twins went to work.

First links and metal chains were attached to rings on the back of their
corsets, and they were drawn up and attached to the upper cross-members of the
frames.  Then their ankles were linked and stretched to the bottom corners by
more chain; their corsets carried most of the weight.   Their arms, still
trapped in their arm sheaths behind their backs, were attached by yet another
chain, and locked to the floor behind them, leaving them unable to move at all.

They were left there to stare at the giant fireplace that seemed much too close,
should it be lit.  Since they did not know today was their branding day, this
was set up to build their apprehension of fire and heat, and it was working as
both slaves had thoughts of roasting here in front of a fire.   They were left
there for over an hour as guests began to arrive.

Once the twins were done, the went to the kitchen to finish prepping dinner for
the group, as Mistress V again brought her maids with her catering the meal. 
This time V had Terri and Elisha brought as part of the entertainment, since she
had decided to train them in tandem as Lisa and Daphne were trained.  They were
also denied the right to join in on dinner, as both were brought into the room
and bound behind Lisa and Daphne, out of their view.

The blonde and redhead were attached back to back with a two-inch wide metal
pole between them.  Their wrists were locked high above their heads, and their
torsos firmly strapped together with three straps from their chests to their
waists.  A small metal rod was inserted through a hole in the upright pole, just
below their pussies, which extended a foot out on either side once in place. 
Their ankles were locked together on either side, and a chain was attached and
their legs were lifted out to the sides until their feet left the floor.  Once
the feet cleared the floor, their weight caused them, though tightly strapped,
to sink onto the small rod below their pussies.  This increased the tension on
their arms, and caused them multiple levels of torment all at once, and an
inability to move at all.

The four slaves were left to suffer as the other guests enjoyed their dinner. 
When dinner was over, all the guests arrived in the room for that night's pain
party.  The guests milled around the bound slaves and toyed with them for a
while, as the twins started the fire in the hearth.  Daphne and Lisa felt the
heat build as the flames licked the wood and danced higher in the fireplace, and
squirmed as best they could as the sweat broke out all over them.

Terri and Elisha were suffering from being thrashed by several guests, including
Jack and John.  While on the far side of the room Mistress V was hanging the
twins by their ankles for a solid pussy whipping.  Once the twins were hung,
back to back, and inverted with their legs spread, Mistress began flogging their
ringed cunts.  Eventually every Dom was torturing at least one slave, as Lisa
and Daphne continued to roast by the fire. Their thoughts were scattered as the
heat enveloped them, though they were conditioned to suffer, this brought
neither pain nor pleasure.  They could hear the moans and screams around them,
and all they did was hang there sweating.

After several hours of intense play behind them, they were jostled back to
reality as they felt the frames moving.   The chain holding their arms down was
removed, and they were turned to face away from the fireplace.  In front of them
they saw a large metal cauldron filled with red-hot coals, and their Masters
each holding an iron in their hands.  Each iron was held up to the slave's
faces, so they could see the design of the brand, and a mixture of thrill and
fear ran down their spines.  Jack and John thrust the irons deep into the coals,
and turned to face their slaves.

"It will take an hour to properly heat the branding irons," said John, "until
they are ready you may watch the prelude to your grand finale."  As he stepped
away, the slaves saw the twins, Terri, and Elisha in front of them.  They were
all hanging by their wrists up on their toes, facing each other in a circle. 
Their ankles were attached to each others', as well as having spreader bars
between them, forcing their legs wide apart.  All were wearing belts around
their waists, and an X shaped bar was attached at each end to the middle of the
belts, keeping them equally spread apart. 

After drinking in this sight, they were shocked to see them rise off the floor
and start to slowly rotate, as their manacled wrists were hoisted upward.  It
was then that Joe, Mistress V, Jack, and John took up stations around the
dangling foursome, and began whipping them as they spun slowly around.  As each
slave rotated past a whip, they were attacked, so they got four strokes on each
revolution.  The four were thoroughly lashed as they spun slowly around, for
what seemed like an eternity, as their backs and asses got progressively red and
well striped. 

Eventually they stopped whipping them, and lowered them back to their feet, but
they weren't done with them, as the Doms produced four large dildos mounted on
four-foot long rods. They proceeded to sodomize the bound women simultaneously,
ramming the dildos in and out of their asses with viscous delight.  After the
tormentors seemed to get their fill of drilling the slaves asses' unmercifully,
they all knelt down poles still in hand.  Lisa and Daphne watched as they used
the pole-mounted dildos to literally lift the slaves off their feet, causing all
four to scream in agony and struggle to lift themselves up with their bound
wrists.  They saw them mount each pole to the floor somehow, because as they
stood up the poles were now fixed as the mounted slaves struggled in pain, as
their feet could not reach the floor.

In a small act of mercy, the chains holding their struggling wrists rose again,
then stopped only when their weight was carried by their arms.  They were left
like that as the foursome approached Lisa and Daphne, who immediately began to
worry about their dilemma.  Jack and John pulled the branding irons out of the
coals, and the ends were glowing a bright yellow.  They shoved them back in and
approached their slaves.

They worked quickly now, stretching their already spread legs even farther apart
until their toes barely touched the floor at the corners of the frame.  The
chains supporting their corsets were tightened more, and their arm binders were
pulled down again and locked to the floor.  There was no room for movement at
all, as their backs now arched, prominently displaying their pubic mounds.  To
completely lock them in place, the belts and butt plugs were removed, and large
plugs mounted to heavy bases on a pole were shoved up their asses.  Once locked
in place they were fully fixed and ready for branding.

John turned to the group, who had gathered round the scene that was developing,
with the exception of the four slaves still mounted and dangling in the middle
of the room.

"My friends, Jack and I appreciate your presence at the branding of our slaves. 
Each will have a distinctive design burned into her pubic mound, marking their
flesh permanently with our marks.  They will not be gagged or anesthetized in
any way, so be prepared for blood curdling screams, as it will be music to our
ears."  As John finished speaking to the group, he and Jack turned back towards
their slaves.

John spoke to Lisa, saying, "It is time to receive my brand slave, are you
prepared?"

"Yes Master, thank You Master," was all she said as she tried to screw her
courage up, as she was truly terrified.

Jack then said, "Daphne, are you prepared to wear my mark in your skin?"

"Yes Master, please mark this slut as yours," she said, not quite as terror
stricken as her sub sister, but afraid nonetheless.

John then spoke again, " You will be branded simultaneously, so neither has to
watch their sister suffer."

"Thank You Master," both slaves said in unison, glad that they wouldn't have to
watch and anticipate the pain first.

Jack and John took up positions in front of their slaves, and removed the
branding irons from the coals again, tapping them on the side of the fire pit to
free anything that may have stuck to them.  They turned, and the group gathered
around to watch, as each man lined up the brands two inches above the slaves'
pussy slits.  They could feel the intense heat as it was only inches from their
flesh, and each closed their eyes praying for strength.  In unison the men
pressed the brands onto their slaves' flesh, and held it there for five seconds,
as the sizzle and smell of burning flesh filled their nostrils.  The girls went
rigid and screamed after the initial icy feeling of the branding iron turned
into a burning agony, and their bladders involuntarily released as piss
splattered below them.  As they removed the irons, the pain had become too
intense and both girls fainted in their bonds.



When Lisa awoke, she was staring up at her Master, and realized she was unbound
and lying on a soft bed.  Her crotch had a burning sensation, but it wasn't too
bad, as she had been treated and bandaged for it to heal properly.  She smiled
for John, and said, "Thank you Master, is Daphne alright?"

"Yes pet, she is being tended by Jack, both of you did well tonight, and your
brands will be beautiful once they heal.  I am proud to own such a fine slave as
you Lisa, you were worth the wait.  Now rest a while, soon we will go home."



Epilogue

The men took their slaves home the next day, and their life as full time
sex-slaves began in earnest.  The foursome had many erotic and kinky adventures
in the coming years, the girls were continually trained and used by the men,
always seeking kinkier and more degrading ways to use them.  They were trained
as pony-girls, human toilets, and extremely versatile sex toys, and the deeper
they descended into submission, the happier they were.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  GrkDom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





