BDSM Library - Sweet Cindy




Sweet Cindy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Transgender girl forced into submission with TLC.
                 SWEET CINDY

Cindy was a slender and attractive 37 year-old transvestite crossdress person.
That, of course, means a genetic male who prefers to dress and behave like a
traditional female.  Cindy had lived this way for 15 years and was quite
comfortable with this lifestyle, as well as very passable in public as a female.
She had brownish-blonde medium length hair, blue eyes, and gorgeous long legs. 
A few weeks earlier, she had met on the Internet a nice man from out-of-town,
Steve, who was recently divorced and found himself strongly attracted to Cindy.
He liked her looks, but was especially attracted to her passive and submissive
nature, which he felt offered some intriguing "possibilities".  He was visiting
the city on business and taken Cindy to lunch where they had enjoyed a glass of
white wine, good conversation, etc.  Afterwards, he had invited her to his room,
saying that he had to "do some business". Little did she suspect what kind of
business he was referring to.

Cindy had dozed off for a while on the bed in the hotel room, although she was
vaguely aware of some soft music on the radio and occasional sounds of someone
moving around in and out of the room. Her head was spinning slightly from all
the wine Steve had made her drink while they were making out on the sofa. He had
learned that he could get her helplessly hot and excited by putting his hand up
under her skirt and caressing her buns, while deep-kissing her aggressively and
forcing his tongue into her mouth. After a few minutes of that, she "melted" and
he could do anything with her. In order to maintain her submissiveness, he had
then taken her over his knee, lifted up her skirt and given her an old-fashioned
spanking ... causing her to cry like a humiliated little girl. Then he took her
in the bedroom, laid her carefully on the bed, kissed her and told her to be a
good girl and take a nap for a little while because he had a surprise for her
later.

(A half-hour later .......)

Cindy tried to get up but couldn't move ... something seemed to be holding her.
Then she realized that Steve had tied her arms behind her back and removed her
skirt, leaving her only in her blouse, bra, garterbelt and stockings. She
struggled briefly but soon realized the ropes had her hopelessly secure. She
decided the best thing was just to close her eyes and relax. She trusted Steve
and knew that, although he had a dominant nature, he would not injure or hurt
her. He understood her needs and feelings. He had the amazing ability to get
into her mind and almost "play" her almost like a musical instrument. That, more
than the ropes, gags, and other things he used, was what really gave him such
total control over her.

She heard various sounds of water running in the bathroom and other things. In a
few minutes she saw him return to the bedroom pushing a white enameled cart that
looked like some kind of hospital equipment. It had a 4-foot rod mounted on the
side and hanging from it was a large red rubber bag, bulging as if it held a
gallon of water. It was so full that the top was slightly brimming over with
some kind of white suds. It had a piece of tubing extending from it that was
itself connected to a large red rubber tube about 3 feet long with a small slit
on the side of the tip. Cindy shuttered as she realized this was a hospital
system for giving large volume enemas to patients. She hardly had to guess what
was in store for her.

Steve sat down on the bed beside Cindy and gently caressed her. "Did you have a
nice nap, my sweet one?" She was lying on her tummy with her arms bound behind
her. He began kissing her on the back of her neck and simultaneously moved his
hands under her, massaging her little tummy and working around to rub between
her buns. She gasped as he slid down her panties and slightly probed her tight
little anus with his finger. "I have decided to give you a special treatment
today ... it will be uncomfortable and embarrassing, but you will feel wonderful
afterwards. I am going to give you a deep, cleansing soapsuds enema." Cindy was
already excited and breathing hard from his kisses and caresses. Now, she
gasped, "Oh please, Sir, don't make me take one of ... those "things". I don't
like them ... Please!"

Steve just laughed, kissed her again and whispered in her ear, "Don't you worry,
my Sweet ... it will all be over in a little while and you will feel much
better. Then I will take you out to a nice dinner. Young girls like you need a
good cleaning out once in a while. It is good for your complexion and general
health. It will wash out all the bad chemicals and toxins you have taken in from
those fast food places and junk food." But Cindy cried, "Please, Sir, don't make
me do this ... I promise I will do anything and be a good girl. My daddy used to
give me those things when I was a little girl and they were so humiliating ... I
felt so ashamed afterwards."  Steve only hugged her again and replied, "I
promise I will not hurt you. I will go very slowly and carefully. To get the
best results, I am going to use a long colon tube and work it deeply up into
your intestine. But, as I said, I will push it in very slowly. I have prepared a
very good enema mixture with warm soapsuds. The thick foaming soapy water will
help the colon tube to pass more easily up into your tummy."

Cindy began sobbing softly, little tears of humiliation running down her face.
"Why do you have to control me so completely? ... You won't even let me keep
control of my bodily functions!" she sobbed. However, she knew there was nothing
she could do but accept what he had decided to give her. Although he punished
her before in various ways, even painfully sometimes, it seemed to cause her to
love him more intensely each time. It was as if the punishment and degradation
caused the love and affection that she craved so much. She didn't understand
these matters, but trusted her feelings.

Steve then took a small squeeze bulb filled with mineral oil and lubricated the
tip with K-Y Jelly. He then pulled Cindy's little buns-cheeks apart and pressed
it against her tight little anal rosebud. "I want you to take several deep
breaths now ... it will help you to relax." Now in total resignation and
submission, Cindy did as instructed, her arms still bound tightly behind her
back. Then he gently pressed the tip of the syringe against her anus and pushed
it all the way in. Simultaneously, he squeezed the bulb and forced it to eject
its contents into Cindy's rectum.  She gasped, "OH .. OH .. that feels so
strange .. it ... "   Although she didn't want to admit it, it actually felt
good and she began to experience a strange feeling of wonderful surrender. She
was helplessly bound and was being forced to receive a humiliating invasion of
her body. But she also had an ambiguous feeling of happiness in being "taken"
against her will this way by this man she liked and trusted so much.

Steve then took the large red rubber colon tube, lubricated it slightly, and
began working it into Cindy's delicate little rear passage. He successfully got
it past her tight anal ring and felt it glide free up into her rectum about 6
inches. Then he skillfully twisted and probed until it popped thru the rectum
into her ascending colon. "Now we are ready to begin you enema", Steve said.
Cindy heard a "click" as he opened the stopcock on the tube from the bag.
"Uu..hhh..uu...hhhh....."  Cindy gasped as she felt the warm soapy solution
jetting and spurting into her tummy. She could even hear it gurgling as it
rushed into her lower colon. She jerked slightly and tried to reach down to
remove or pinch the enema tube to stop the rushing flow. However, Steve had
taken the precaution of binding her arms tightly behind her back, using a
special technique of pulling her tied hands high up to lock them in place and
keep her from reaching anywhere near her buns. He continued to work the colon
tube deeper and deeper into her. "I'm giving you a high enema", he said. "By
pushing the entire length of the tube into your colon, we will get much better
results." Cindy moaned as she felt the tube penetrating deeper and deeper up
into her, steadily ejecting its warm soapy solution, which was making her
slightly nauseous.

Cindy closed her eyes and fought to hold back the tears. She felt so completely
defeated and humiliated. She glanced up at the large 4-quart enema bag hung from
the cart and moaned to see that it was still half full.  "I guess I will just
have to take it and then see what he is going to do with me", she mused. She
squirmed and tried to force out the enema tube. But it was no use ... it was a
long thick one that felt like a snake had entered into her. She could feel the
warm soapsuds flooding across her transverse colon and down deeply to the end.
Then the pressure began building up back in the other direction. She struggled
and was able to look down and could see her huge bulging tummy. "My God, I look
like I'm pregnant!" she exclaimed. "Please, Hon, stop the enema ... I can't hold
any more ... I can't take it ....", she begged him. Her tummy was churning and
cramping now from enema, which by now had delivered almost 3 quarts of the warm
foaming soapsuds solution into her.

Steve then became very kind and 'fatherly' with her. He began gently kissing and
caressing her as she struggled to hold the enema. "That's my sweet little girl
... just close your eyes and be a little girl again for me ... I want you to be
a good little girl and hold your enema for Daddy. It will be over in a little
while and you will feel so good afterwards. You know I am only doing this for
your good, don't you? Of course you do ... you're my sweet little girl and I'm
going to take care of you because I love you very much. You know that don't you?
You must hold your enema for a little while in order for it to work. But this
will help you take your mind off the pressure and cramping in your little tummy.
Do you know how little babies calm down when they have a mother's breast put
into their mouths to suck on? Well, big girls are sometimes like little babies
too ... but they need something different in their mouths. Daddy is going to put
his penis in your mouth and I want you to just close your eyes and kiss and suck
it ... just like you used to kiss and suck mommy's breast when you were a baby.
Right now, my penis is enlarged and swollen, and it will feel fairly big in your
mouth. That is because you are such a sweet little girl that you have made me
feel good, and that's what happens to a man when his girl makes him feel good."

Steve then gently pushed his hard erection against Cindy's mouth. Her lips
resisted at first, but he pushed harder and forced himself deeply into her
mouth. She gasped and moaned from her Master's intrusion. She could feel how
hard and swollen it was. She could barely take in her mouth as it almost made
her gag. However, it did seem to relieve the pain and discomfort she was
experiencing from the soapy enema. She closed her eyes and moaned as Steve began
to slowly thrust himself back and forth in her mouth. She involuntarily pursed
her lips and clasped his wonderful cock as if he were having sexual intercourse
with her mouth. With her tongue she instinctively began licking and caressing
the swollen head, moaning softly. Cindy now actually felt good ... the
discomfort of the enema had magically turned into an almost pleasant full
feeling. She fantasized that she felt this way because he had made her pregnant.
She felt wonderfully secure with her arms tied tightly behind her back. There
were no awkward decisions for her to make ... she could just lie quietly and
helplessly under the control of her wonderful man.

Steve looked at his slender little prize and noted her tight swollen "pregnant"
tummy. It excited him strongly. He then withdrew his throbbing erection from her
mouth, and clamped the stopcock shut on the enema tube. He slowly withdrew the
long thick colon tube from Cindy. As he pulled it out, she felt a wonderful
sensation and feeling of partial relief from the pressure. Now she really began
to get hot and excited from the wonderful feeling of holding the enema ... it
actually felt good in her. She loved the feeling of being "pregnant." Steve was
also very hot and hard. He turned Cindy on her tummy, put a condom and some K-Y
Jelly on his throbbing cock and slightly spread apart her little buns. "Now my
Sweet .... Daddy is going to push himself into your wonderful little backside
... into your tight little anal passage and warm wet rectum. This is how a man
expresses himself when he really loves his special little girl."  Cindy was
delirious with pleasure and anticipation. She was already moaning and breathing
harder, involuntarily moving her hips in anticipation of the sexual pleasure she
was about to experience.

Steve pushed the head of his thick cock against Cindy's tight little anal
rosebud. It resisted the intrusion at first, but then dilated slightly as he
began penetrating her. Her anus submitted but tightly clasped his cock as it
slid all the way into her rectum. He gently moved back and forth to help her
relax and receive his full penetration.

"Oh, dear God", she gasped ...."That feels so good, Honey." The fullness of the
enema and the fullness of his cock in her made her delirious with pleasure. She
was now ready to totally surrender herself. "Oh Steve ... please ... I give in
.. I surrender to you ... just take me and use me for your pleasure ... make me
your woman .. your little geisha ... your obedient disciplined girl ... yes ...
yes .... discipline me, train me, make me exactly the kind of girl you want."

Steve began to steadily increase the rhythm of his strokes and she could hear
him panting and breathing harder. Then he was furiously pumping back and forth
almost ramming the full seven inches of his swollen cock all the way into her.
Finally, and mercifully, he groaned, "Daddy's going to give his little girl
something special ... a special gift now .... here it comes .... I'm coming
sweet girl .....I'M COMING ..... OH ... AH.H.... OH .. arrrgggggghhhhhhhh
.........." Cindy tried to visualize the blast of thick fluid jetting into her
rectum. She could almost feel it, and this was the ultimate pleasure ... the one
thing that could cause her to totally lose control of her mind. She tensed and
squirmed again, testing the rope bondage on her arms, which was still tight and
secure. Mercifully, Steve put his hand down under her tummy, and gently caressed
her erect little "clit". That's all it took ... she completely lost control and
her body jerked and thrashed back and forth as she felt an intense climax sweep
thru her. Both of them were panting and sweating from the intensity of their sex
and orgasms. Wonderfully helpless in her bondage, holding her enema and feeling
her lover's cock still throbbing in her, Cindy began crying, sobbing with tears
of joy ... a prisoner of love. She only hoped that Steve would keep her that way
... and give her regular enemas ... for the rest of her life.                                                                             

----------------------------------------------------------------------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cindy R.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





