BDSM Library - Mind Games




Mind Games
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Master enjoys giving His submissive what she craves...the only problem is, she has no idea she craves it.
Mind Games

The girl stirs at hearing her Master's heavy footsteps on the stairs. She rises
fast from her prone position to stand as tall as her 5'5" will allow her,
waiting, her breath held before him. Hands behind her head, fingers clutching in
her dark auburn hair, checking without thinking, the French braid her Master
loves her to wear, her large breasts displayed for his viewing, nipples
instantly erect, a light mauve against her milky skin, her tummy tight, her back
arching slightly, her small feet, shoulder width apart, her yellow-green gaze
following Him down the stairs, soft pink lips invitingly parted, each breath
catching in her throat.

He walks to her, standing in front of her, meeting her eyes, His gray gaze,
noting everything about her. He smiles, enjoying the fact that she must crane
her neck to look up and meet His look. He is not a small man, standing 6'1" and
weighing much more then her 130lbs. He began to walk around her, running a soft
finger over her side, stopping to lean close to her ear, she shivers when she
hears Him take a slow deep breath. She knows He can smell her scent, her cleanly
shaved cunt already beginning to throb and swell, to leak onto her outer lips.
He slides His large hand running along her side, fingers pinching lightly,
causing her to gasp. He then places a blindfold over her eyes and a ball gag in
her mouth, buckling it behind her head, stifling the gasp of surprise from her.
He chuckled, knowing He has already shocked her, for He never covers her eyes,
preferring to see every emotion in them, never gags her, loving each scream that
He brings forth from her.

He leaves her side, after leaning close and whispering in her ear, "Mmm...What
shall Master do with His pet today?" She hears him moving around the room, hears
the zing of rope being pulled from it's place, hears the rush of air as a
flogger is swung close to her, not touch, but fanning her tummy, making her
jump. He chuckles close to her ear, making her gasp and shake.

He slides a finger along her slit, testing, knowing that he will find wetness
there. He grins at her, standing there, shaking and nervous, but already her
cunt is ready to accept him without any trouble. He continues to taunt her flesh
with the brush of the flogger, making her wait, anticipation building.

She knows that this is just a build up, foreplay, but can feel herself already
close to begging for the thudding sting of the flogger, her hips moving slowly
without her realizing it. He smiles at this slight movement, his hand wrapped
around the one thing guaranteed to make His pet scream and beg, sliding it into
His back pocket.

He walks back to her, running a light finger down her spine, enjoying the way
her skin shakes under His touch. He presses a hand into the middle of her back,
this being her signal to bend at the waist, her hands move to grab her ankles as
her legs spread further, her thighs burning. He goes down to one knee and wraps
the rope around her right wrist several times, loving the way the scarlet rope
looks against her pale skin. Skin that never feels the sun unless protected
against it's tanning effects. He wraps her right ankle the same, cover her ankle
with scarlet, then moving to her left wrist and ankle.

He steps back to look at the lovely picture his princess makes. Her hands and
ankles bound together, her back gracefully arched, her auburn hair secured in a
French twist, curls escaping to rest on her neck, her ass in the air, cunt
exposed. He again runs a finger up the inside of her creamy thigh and finds a
trail of juices. His grin becomes wider as he picks up the thing that he knows
his pet loves and dreads in equal measure.

He kicks a large pillow from the corner until it is resting in front of her, His
smile widening as his plan forms. His pet loves a good mind fuck and no one can
fuck his toys mind better then he can.

Stepping behind her, he hears her breath catch as he rubs a palm over her ass.
He knows she is aching inside and will soon beg with her body for anything as
long as he is the one giving it to her. Stepping to her left side, he continues
to rub her smooth skin, from her ass to her back, listening to her soft mewling.

His raises his arm high and without warning, while still rubbing her back,
brings the 18" wooden ruler down across her right ass cheek. She screams as the
fire in her right ass cheek surprises her, His hand on her back steadying her.
His hand rises again, crashing onto her left ass cheek, again she screams behind
the gag.

He reaches up to remove the gag, wanting to savor each scream, each moan, and
whimper. He continues to ravage her once pale ass with the ruler, painting it a
lovely shade of first pink then angry red, His hand still on her back holding
her steady.

She sobs as the pain turns into something else, something that with each new
stroke brings her closer to orgasm. He lifts his hand from her back and again
brings the ruler down, this time crossing both cheeks at once, she screams out
as she tenses her legs to keep from falling forward, fear coming to the surface,
for the floor here is not soft by any means and to go down without the aid of
her hands could cause damage to her face and as much as he likes to mark her
body, he could never bring himself to mark her pure face.

With each stroke she came that much closer to falling, her cries now, begging
him to hold her up. He continues to strike her now welted and bruised ass then
moving to the backs of her thighs, landing with precision against the pale skin
just below her ass. Her knees begin to buckle with each crack of the ruler,
sobbing loudly, fear warring with the wish to please.



Her breath freezes in her lungs when the strokes stop and she feels his warm
breath on her neck, "Wouldn't fall if I were you, slut." His voice taunting her,
her skin shaking with dread. She tries to remember any move that might help
protect her face from the concrete but can think of nothing with the way she was
bound. Tears soaking the blindfold, she begs Him to please not make her fall,
please no more. He smiles again, this time the kind of smile that would and
could make a grown man shake in fear. He has not heard her safe word yet, and
without that...there is no mercy.

She didn't see his smile as he picked up the yardstick from the corner, He stood
back from her, grips the stick as if it were a baseball bat and swung with his
entire body. The yardstick splintered as her piercing scream rips through the
house. Her knees buckling, she came so hard that she fell forward and the waves
of the orgasm mixed with the dread of the impact with the floor. She didn't even
realize that she had already hit the floor for a bit until she felt his gentle
touch on her forehead, the blindfold gone, bringing her back to him slowly,
telling her he had her, he adored her, he was so very pleased with her. It was
then she began to feel the pillow under her. Her teary eyes going to his, seeing
his devilish grin. She felt a laugh begin to bubble inside, knowing that she had
been had, she remembered joking with him a few days ago that a mind fuck was a
terrible thing to waste. They laughed for a while, holding each other.

When she looked at him after he had gone quiet, she saw a new look in his eyes.
One she knew very well. Her mouth began to water, her cunt and ass to clench.
She rose to her knees, her ass still burning. "Master, please allow YOUR bitch
to serve You." Again, He smiles saying, "My pet, don't you know yet, that you
already are?" She could feel heat rising from her skin, nodded, and smiled back,
rephrasing her question. "Master, please, may YOUR pet taste the gift of Your
cock and cum?"

In answer he simply rose to his full height  and went to sit in his chair. She
crawled fast to kneel between his legs and reaching for him, removed his cock
from his jeans. She leaned forward to take him into her mouth, but his hand in
her hair stopped her, she felt her head jerking back as she looked into his
face. "As much as I would love to fuck your pretty little mouth, bitch, I want
your ass even more, present it to your Master."

Her eyes widened as she scrambled to turn, lowering her face to the floor, she
reached back, grabbing her ass cheeks and spread her ass for him. He knelt
behind her, gripping both hips in his hands, pinching into her, and rammed his
hard cock into her cunt without warning, causing a short scream to escape her.
He pumped hard a few times then stuck first one then the other thumb into her
ass, spreading the tight hole while ramming into her cunt.

He withdrew his cock and pressed against his thumbs at the opening of her ass,
then leaning forward to press against her back, He placed his hands on top of
hers, curled his fingers around her smaller ones, bit hard in the middle of her
back and rammed his full length into her tight ass at the same time. Her low
moan was nearly drowned out by his feral growls as he continued to take her ass
and bite her back.

She pressed against his cock, fucking his cock with her ass. Feeling his balls
slapping her cunt, she begins to cum again on him, riding his cock with wild
abandon.

He lets her finish cumming then leans back up and removes his cock from her ass,
then tells her to clean him. She knows he loves to have his load swallowed after
fucking so always makes sure her ass is completely clean inside. She moves to
kneel once again in front of him, and then sees from the corner of her eyes a
black glass plate, she reaches for the plate and places it under her chin as she
sucks his cock into her mouth and deep into her throat, milking his cock.

She feels his balls flatten out and tighten, signaling that he is cumming as he
grunts and snarls, she raises her head, something she normally wouldn't do, and
catches his cum on the black plate. He watches as she lies the plate on the
floor between them, leans onto all fours and laps his cum from the plate.

Rising, she smiles at him and thanks him for the lovely lunch. He chuckles,
saying, "you are welcome, pet, now go finish your nap. Tonight, I have plans for
that lovely body of yours. I am thinking you will look very good in red
stripes." With that, he leaves the room, a sadistic grin on his face, thinking
about the knives He still needs to pick up, mumbling to Himself, "Yes, indeed,
princess, your mind begs to be fucked almost as much as your body does and you
haven't even seen the end of the foreplay yet."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Daphne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





