BDSM Library - Date Night




Date Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mostly true story of how my wife took charge of our life.
Subject: Story-Date Night

This is a mostly true story written by me. It contains adult themes and is
not meant for minors to read.  I would be interested in any feedback from
anyone wanting to send thier comments by e-mail. 4playd@comcast.net




                      DATE NIGHT 1

                      Written by 4play


    Tonight was"Date Night" and as usually was the case, I'd spent
the day in a high state of anticipation. My wife, Chris, and I had
created the "Date Nights" several years ago to merge our divergent
sexual desires into a mutually satisfying relationship.

    My sexual tastes ran to the more exotic side of the spectrum bondage,
forced oral sex, prolonged sessions, feminization and role
reversal were exciting fantasies for me.  Chris playing the
dominant role was a common theme in all of these schemes.

    Chris, on the other hand, much preferred warm, tender romantic
loving.  Kissing, carressing and cuddling were turnons for her.
She claimed to have no fantasies of her own and therefore found it
difficult to act out mine.  While admitting that she could probably
play the dominant role with someone else, she was reluctant to do
it with me.  She was afraid that playing games with me in the
submissive role would turn me into a wimp.  Yet, she loved me and
wanted to please me.

    Our compromise solution was our planned DATE NIGHTS scheduled
twice a month.  On these nights we would engage in some of the
wilder sexual practices, while the rest of the time would remain
normal.  This plan had worked well.  With my special desires

satisfied on a scheduled basis, I was content.  Chris found that
she was able to play "games" occasionally as the rest of our lives
together was exceptional.  Needless to say, I look forward to these
DATE NIGHTS.  Chris found herself enjoying most of these nights
despite a certain reluctance to let herself go.  She still felt
uncomfortable in the dominant role since she had never been an
aggressive person, but she gave it her best efforts to keep me
happy.  When I was happy, our lives went smoothly.

     Tonight things would not be routine.  I sensed a new, more
determined attitude the moment Chris walked in the door from work.
Without our usual casual conversation about the happenings of the
day, she ordered me to go into the bedroom and take off my clothes.
As I left to comply, she poured herself a glass of wine and lit her
first cigarette of the day.  Inhaling deeply, she mentally reviewed
her plan and became resolutely determined to carry it out.

     When she walked in the bedroom and saw me standing naked, a
smile came to her face.  "Very good", she praised.  "You mind
well."  She had me put leather cuffs on each wrist as she passed
the strap around the vertical posts of the poster bed.  After
snapping one wrist to one end of the strap, she stretched my arms
so she could secure the other cuff to the other end.  I now stood
naked in helpless bondage and totally at her mercy.  Her sweet
smile disappeared as she informed me "I had to tie you up since I
have a plan and there are parts of it you won't like!  Now, it
doesn't matter whether you like it or not!  I am in total control!"
She was so right!  Straining against the bonds was futile.  They
were unbreakable.  It suddenly dawned on me that this was a game
that would not be over in an hour or so.

     Chris went into the small bathroom and returned with my
shaving mug, brush and razor.  As she worked up the lather in the
cup, she said "You've been hinting that you wanted me to turn you
into a woman for some time, well ? tonight's the night!"  Shaking
her head sadly, she said "I am going to transform you into my slave
girl all right and you will get the full treatment!  Poor dear, I
am afraid you have no idea what you are getting into, but it is too
late to back out now!  You wanted this and you're going to go
through with it all the way.!"

    Using the brush, she soaped each of my armpits,then took the
razor to shave them clean. "Mmmm nice and smooth," she remarked
running her hands over the newly bald areas. "This is how a lady
keeps her arms," she informed me. Next she knelt in front of me and

soaped up one leg, then carefully shaved it from my toes to my
crotch. This process was repeated with the other leg before moving
to my genitals. After applying a generous coat of lather, she
carefully shaved my scrotum warning,"Hold very still, or you'll
become a real woman!" I didn't move a muscle until she was
finished.

    The hairs between my legs and around my ass recieved the same
close shave treatment. My pubic region was shaved to form a small
triangle before she stood up to lather my face. When I realised
that she intended to shave off my beard and moustache, I finally
protested. It had taken a long time to grow that foliage, and I
didn't want to lose it. As my mouth opened, Chris shoved the saopy
shaving brush into it demanding," Keep your mouth shut bitch! YOU
wanted this game, NOW you are going to get it!"

    She shaved my face and neck, completely removing all traces of
hair while I stood in meek silence. Playing the dominant role she
was determined to show me that my wishes were inconsequential.

    The shaving gear was put away before Chris rubbed my body with
a sweet smelling lotion. "A lady has to keep her skin nice and
soft." she cooed sweetly as she rubbed it in. When finished with
the lotion,she brought out the bright red nailpolish and painted my
toenails. "Very pretty dearie," she exclaimed admiring her
handiwork. As my fingernails were being painted she remarked
casually,"Some of those long fake fingernails would look wonderful
on you, we'll have to get some when I take you shopping with me."
My eyes widened in surprise, she was serious about this!

    A roll of duct tape was brought out and strips of it were used
to form my chest meat into female breaasts. "I thought about buying
you a set of falsies, but decided that this would be better. Now I
can get at your nipples to control your movements,and so on."She
explained. Once satisfied that my "titties" were to her liking and
held firmly in place, she moved down to my crotch. My cock was
pulled between my legs and secured there with more duct tape so
that while being able to walk, it would remain immobile. "We won't
be using that for sex." she announced,then continued,"As my woman
you'll just have to sit down to pee as any girl must. Now the
experience will be much more realistic, since it's the only way
you'll be able to go." She chuckled at her diabolical way of
turning even routine urination into a part of my training as her
submissive. I was to find it necessary to wash my bottom after each
time I urinated. Only one of many new difficulties I was to
encounter.

    A pair of pantyhose were put on my feet, then slowly pulled up
my hairless legs to my waist. High heeled shoes were placed on my
feet making it difficult to maintain my balance as I awaited her
next whimsical idea.

   Chris stood squarely in front of me,and pinching one of my
nipples in each hand, kissed me forcefully. My cock throbbed trying
to become erect, but unable due to it's confinement. "Don't go
away." she said with a grin as she left the room. Ha! Some joke. I
was still secured by my arms and standing in high heels. Looking
down at my body was a disconcerting experience. My breasts were
small, but real and my legs encased in panty hose with no
protruding cock, looked very feminine indeed. Especially so with
the painted toenails and high?heeled shoes. A dramatic change in
such a short time!

    Chris walked back carrying her make-up case, her refilled wine
glass, and a mirror. The mirror was propped up on the dresser so I
could see my helpless state for a few minutes while Chris smoked a
cigarette and sipped her wine. When SHE was ready, she warned me,"
Watch very carefully as I demonstrate how to apply make?up. I'll
show you this time,but from now on whenever I want you as my slave
girl, you'll do it yourself." As she rubbed a base coat on my face,
I watched in stunned silence realising that she'd already planned
on making this a regular occurance.

    Chris smiled to her self saying,"You know it's going to be fun
to call you from work, tell you to get ready and KNOW that you'll
do all of this preparation before I get home. YOU can meet ME at
the door in a negligee with a drink." She laughed,"As you get
trained in your slave girl duties, my life is going to get a LOT
easier. After all, that's the whoke idea of having a slave in the
first place."

    Applying blue eyeshade on my eyelids she noted,"This will make
you look like the trampy slut you are." Long fake eyelashes were
added and a heavy coat of mascarra applied, followed with the
eyeliner. My eyebrows were darkened and lengthened. She softly
muttered to herself,"Maybe I should shave these off too, so the
bitch would have to draw them on every morning." fortunately she
didn't carry through with that notion. Rouge was put on my cheeks
and bright red lipstick on my lips as I stood helplessy watching
this transformation proceed.

    Chris placed her blonde wig on my head saying,"This old wig
doesn't do you justice, we'll need to get you a new one." Obviously
she planned for this game to continue into the future,as spending
money on sex toys wasn't something she usually even considered.
After fastening a pair of her old clamp on earrings on my
earlobes,she stepped back to admire her creation. " You make a fine
looking woman," she praised, then added,"Now you need to learn to
act like one."

    She strapped on the dildo stating," I am going to play the male
role whenever I wear this. You will be my slave girl, and as such
you WILL perform all of my normal tasks and still be constantly
available for MY sexual pleasure." The cuffs were removed from my
wrists as she said," We won't need these restraints now that you
know your place. In your condition you'll make a better woman than
a man anyway." Looking at myself in the mirror, I had to agree with
that assessment.

    "It's too bad, but I'm afraid you won't be doing any swinging
for quite a while," she said with mock pity,adding,"None of our
friends would swing with something that looks like you, would
they?" I answered meekly,"No Mistress." Upon hearing this she gave
me slap on the rear demanding,"When I am wearing this, YOU WILL
call me SIR!" I was shocked by her forcefulness, but managed to
reply,"Yes sir."

     She had me put on a lacy, black nightie which barely covered
my buns. In the mirror I could see that with the tape now concealed
and only the cute little bulges of my breasts showing, the image was
complete! I did look like a woman! Chris had put on a pair of men's
shorts with the dildo protruding from the fly, and one of my
longsleeved shirts. In appearance,we had already reversed roles.

      Chris kissed me firmly, then forced me to kneel in front of
her. She pressed the dildo to my lips ordering,"Kiss my cock slut."
She added," All of us men love oral sex." I lightly kissed the head
of the dildo feeling very humiliated by the homosexual implications
of this action. "Take it in your mouth slut." she commanded. My
lipstick covered lips parted and she quickly thrust the dildo into
my mouth. I gagged at the intrusion and Chris with feigned concern
said,"She doesn't like sucking cock?" Then she ordered,"Suck it
good slut." She asked,"You do want to be a good slave, don't you?"
Now really into her dominant role, her hips kept thrusting that
dildo in and out of my mouth so I was unable to answer.


     "Don't displease me slave or I'll tie you up and whip your ass
bloody." I knew that she was serious about playing this dominant
role and determined that I behave in the manner befitting the slave
girl role she'd assigned me. "By God," she declared," If you want
to play kinky games, we'll see how you like being totally
submissive!" She kept me at my chore until the sensations of the
dildo on her body combined with the feeling of power brought her to
orgasm. Her thrusting slowed and at last,she withdrew that horrible
instrument from my mouth. "Not too bad slut, you make a pretty good
cocksucker." She continued by saying,"With enough practice, you'll
be a great cocksucker!"

     Chris walked behind me handing me a jar of Vaseline and
said."Pull down your pantyhose and you'd better smear this on your
"pussy" to save yourself a lot of pain. I'm going to fuck that
virgin pussy and you're so nervous that it'll probably not get
wet." I pulled my pantyhose down to my ankles and liberally smeared
my ass, both inside and out. "That's a good girl, get yourself
ready for your big stud."she cooed.

     Kneeling behind me, forcing my legs apart she used pressure on
my back until my face was on the floor. I was wide open and ready
for HER pleasure. Pressing the head of the dildo to my asshole she
cautioned,"This may hurt at first, but you'll get used to it, and
in time get to love it." As the head was forced inside me, I moaned
" It's too big SIR!"  Chris just chuckled, "It's just your bad luck
that your master is so well hung.  Don't worry, bitch, you will
learn to take it all inside.  I am going to give you plenty of
practice!"

     The dildo was slowly forced in until I could feel the attached
balls against my body, then eased back out part way and these
strokes repeated at an ever increasing pace.  Her hands reached
under my nightie and pinched my nipples.  Thus impaled on her cock,
the hands on my teats were controlling my movements, causing my
rear to rise to receive each thrust.  With ever increasing vigor,
she was fucking me.  The portion of the dildo inside of her was
stimulating her nearly as much as the pressure on her clit.  Her
passion rose in direct proportion to her speed and the force
applied.  I was helplessly being raped and my moans of pain only
served to enhance her feeling of power.

     Finally, she had again achieved organism and slumped across my
back, kissed me on the neck and pulled out of me.  I was weak from
the assault.  Chris got up to light a cigarette ? I laid there for

a few minutes.  My mouth ached, my nipples ached and my poor ass
throbbed from its violation.  At last I got up and hobbled to the
bathroom where I sat on the toilet and urinated.  Due to the
position of my taped?up cock, some urine sprayed on my ass cheeks.
After carefully wiping the remains of the urine and the slime
oozing from my asshole, I took a washcloth to wash carefully my
"private parts".  I pulled up my pantyhome, arranged my wig which
had moved during the vigorous rape, straightened the negligee and
went back to the bedroom.  The high?heeled shoes made walking
difficult which Chris noted by saying, "You walk like a clod. "
She suggested "when you walk in heels, take small steps.  Put one
foot in front of the other.  It'll give your ass a cute little
wiggle."  She had me walk up and down the hall several times until
she was satisfied, then ordered "Remember to walk like that all the
while you are the slave girl ? even while doing domestic chores."
Chris walked to the family room to work her crossword puzzle and
told me to fix her supper.  "I'm in the mood for a T.V. dinner,
you'd better just have a salad.  You have to watch that figure,
babe."

     I fixed her a T.V. dinner and made myself a salad.  We ate
supper quietly before I cleared the table.  Chris had me empty the
dishwasher and set up the coffee for morning.  She said, "Turning
into my slave girl took some of my precious time, but as you learn
your duties, it may turn out to be worth it.  It's nice to sit here
watching YOU work while I relax."

   "Take one of our movies and put it on the VCR, make it a love
story", she ordered.  I thought for a moment and put the movie Love
Story in the machine.  She motioned for me to sit beside her on the
couch.  During the movie, Chris necked with me.  She kissed and
caressed my body, played with my breasts and even slid her hand
inside my pantyhose to play with my pussy.  By the end of the
movie, she said "You really have got me turned on now, let's make
love."  She had me lay on my back in front of the fireplace, placed
a big pillow under my behind and got on top of me.  She slid my
nightie up, pulled off my shoes and pantyhose.  Spreading my legs
she forced the dildo inside of me and once again fucked my still
aching ass.  "You love this, you little slut, don't you?" she
asked. When my answer wasn't immediately forthcoming she slapped my
ass and repeated,"DON't you?" I gasped out,"Yes Sir!" "Then tell me
how much you love it slut, a man's ego feeds on praise." she
ordered. "Oh sir, it feels so good." I lied, since it felt like that
dildo was tearing my insides wide open."Your big cock fills my
pussy so full, I love it."

     She smiled and without missing a stroke said."You'd better
work on that voice. You need to speak in a higher tone, one more
suitable to your current status. When I take you to public places,
I want people to think you're my girlfriend and not some wimp in
drag." The thought of being in public dressed as a woman was so
utterly humiliating to consider, that it triggered my orgasm and I
came all over my stomach. Chris's sneer clearly showed her disgust,
but she continued ravaging my poor ass until she again reached her
climax. "Look at this disgusting mess you made on MY property!" she
exclaimed. Using her hand she scooped my come from my stomach and
forced it into my mouth saying, "That's a good slave,swallow every
bit of that slime." She had me lick her hand clean before sending
me to the bathroom to clean myself.

      Upon emerging from the bathroom,Chris took me by the hand and
put me to bed. She crawled in beside me,caressed my body
lightly,kissed me and cautioned me,"You'd better get some sleep
dearie, You've got a busy day tomorrow." Then she rolled over and
went to sleep. It was a long time before I could get to sleep.
SHE'D had several orgasms during the course of the evening, while
the only one I had was even turned into a source of my humiliation.
In my fantasies serving Chris as my dominant Mistress had been a
big turn on, but the actual experience had been only pain and
humiliation. I already regretted getting into this, but had
promised in my eagerness to go along with ANYTHING SHE WANTED, and
now was stuck with living up to my word. Finally I drifted off to
sleep.

                    SATURDAY

     I was awakened by Chris playing with my titties. From a deep
sleep to my function as a sexual servant was a swift transition! As
she rolled over and moved behind me, I saw myself in the mirror and
was instantly reminded of my slave girl role. The head of the dildo
was again forced inside my ass with difficulty and Chris snarled,
"you are such a tight little bitch. If your pussy grows shut this
fast, I'm going to have to think of some way to keep it opened up!"
She raped me vigorously until achieving her orgasm, all the while
making me moan with feinged pleasure. Though less painful than the
first experience,it was nonetheless humiliating to be so used. With
a light slap on my fanny,she told me to clean myself up there was
WORK to be done.  Meekly I complied,already dreading this day.

     About the time I had cleaned up,Chris walked in holding a butt
plug and ordered," Insert this in your vagina; pretend that it's a
tampex and you're on your period." I stared at her in disbelief a

moment before she snarled,"NOW BITCH!" I took the proffered plug
and slowly forced it up my ass. Chris said with sarcastic
sweetness," A girl has to function despite her discomfort, so get
dressed and fix my breakfast." Chris went to read her paper. I
pulled on my pantyhose, put on the highheels, slipped my nightie
over my head and walked my female walk to the kitchen. I made a big
breakfast of bacon,eggs,toast and orange juice. Then setting the
table, I served my MASTER. She didn"t bother to thank me for all of
my efforts, just told me to clean up the mess while she read the
paper.

     "Change the linens on the bed." She ordered without even
looking up from her newspaper. I went tothe bedroom, pulled the
sheets from the bed and along with the pillowcases put them in the
laundry basket. I found the clean sheets and remade the bed.

     Chris had finished reading the paper by the time I returned to
the family room, and she told me," Go wash the make-up off your
face and you'd better shave real close today. We're going shopping.
You may wear your own shoes and pants, but leave the rest as it
is."  She smiled smugly and said,"We'll play some more after we've
done our shopping."

     Chris was ready about the same time I was today. Getting off
the make-up took longer than I had imagined. When I asked if I
might remove the fingernail polish, Chris shook her head
saying,"You can keep your gloves on dearie, in fact you'd better.
We don't want everyone to know that you're really a girl."

      We got into the car and I was relieved to see that my tits
didn't show as prominently under my jacket as they did under just
the nightie. Chris drove us clear across the city before she pulled
into a Wall?Mart parking lot. I found the walk to the store quite
uncomfortable due to the plug wiggling inside my ass, but didn't
bother complaining as that would have been fruitless.

     In the cosmetics department she picked out some fake
eyelashes, a set of fake fingernails and some new cosmetics in
shades of red so garish that she'd never wear. We moved on to the
ladies department where she picked up a pair of black lacy panties
and held them up in front of my crotch saying,"These will look so
sexy on you." I blushed in humilliation as other women shoppers and
clerks turned to stare at me. She selected matching bra, garter
belt and several pairs of black mesh hose.


     When we got to the wigs, she looked them over for a while
having me try on a couple before deciding on a shoulder length
model whose color closely matched my own. By now quite a few people
were watching my degrading experience. "This one will do," Chris
said,"Until your own hair grows long enough to do something with
it." We took all of these items to the checkout stand and paid for
them with Chris chatting nonchalantly all the while about how
pretty I was going to look. It was with great relief that I finally
regained the relative safety of the car.

     We next drove to a thrift shop where Chris had me follow her
down the aisles while she selected several outfits for me. She'd
hold each up in front of me before accepting or rejecting each one.
When a middle aged saleswoman came up and asked if she could help
us, Chris said, "My slave needs some different clothes, and is not
worthy of new ones." The lady looked at me very strangely and then
proceeded to show us some of the sluttiest outfits she had in the
store. Fortunately Chris didn't make me try them on and model them
for her! We again paid for our selections while the clerks and
other customers snickered at our performance.

     Back in the car Chris told me,"You did well slave, it's an
important part of being submissive to bear humilliation when it
pleases me to inflict it upon you."  On the drive home she
explained,"Since you're going to be my slave girl, I want you to
look good. I won't have an ugly slave! You needed some things of
your own and when we get home we'll get you fixed up real pretty so
that you'll be more attractive while you work. You do want to look
attractive for me don't you slut?" "Yes SIR." I murmured in reply.
This was getting completely out of hand! Normally my sweet wife
thought that spending money for sex "toys" was foolish, but today
she seemed to enjoy it. In fact she was smiling in anticipation of
the fun yet to come.

     As soon as we walked into our house Chris said,"Get those
men's clothes off and we'll see how your new stuff looks on you."
I stripped off my clothes and when I was naked she handed my new
panties. I put them on and then the matching bra. The garter belt
was next. I pulled each of the mesh hose onto my hairless legs and
fastened them to the garter belt. "You have nice legs slut." Chris
praised me.

     We went to the main bathroom where Chris supervised as I
applied my make?up in the manner I'd been shown the night before.
The new lashes were tricky since I've always been sensative about

my eyes. The eyeliner and eyeshadow were also difficult, but I
finally managed. The rest was relatively easy except for the false
fingernails. After my new wig was on and brushed out a bit, I
really looked like a woman! Finally I put on the little French Maid
outfit she'd purchased including the little white cap.

     Chris looked me over, then said."You look like a perfect maid
my sissy cunt. Now all of this effort transforming you will be
worth it as you learn your domestic duties." Handing me the frilly
apron she advised,"You'd better get started, you've got a lot of
work to do."

     The rest of the day I followed her orders; vacuuming the
house,cleaning the bathrooms, doing the laundry, dusting, etc..
Chris sat playing computer games and reading a book about female
dominance. She'd come around occasionally to check my work and of
course, to fondle my body a little. The little prissy steps I was
forced to use in the high?heeled shoes made it hard to do my work
very fast.

     When at last all of the assigned tasks were completed I went
to the family room where Chris sat reading. She looked at me with
a wry smile saying," According to what I've been reading, it seems
like I should get another lady or two to assist me in training you
more thoroughly." I gasped! Having her alone in the dominant role
was bad enough, but to be a slave girl in front of other women
would be too humilliating for words. Chris stated firmly," I sense
that you wouldn't like that...too bad! What you want doesn't count
during these sessions. You are my slave and I will decide what
happens, you will do as you're told.

     "Watching my maid work has made me horny." Chris announced.
She stood up stroking the dildo she wore and ordered," Pull down
your panties and remove your tampex, it's time to fuck!" I slid
down my panties and stepped out of them. There was a brief moment
of relief when I removed that fiendish plug from my ass, but it was
not to last for long as she forced me to my hands and knees. The
dildo was again forced inside me. Fortunately the pain was not
nearly as severe this time, since the tampex had done it's job of
loosening me up.

     She vigorously raped my ass until she reached her orgasm. I
collapsed on the floor feeling very used, but she lay down beside
me and caressed my body. She made me tell her how wonderful it
felt, how nice she'd been to fuck me and other such lies. She in

turn told me how nice it was to possess a slave.

     She said," You've had a busy day slut. You haven't even
started supper yet, but that's ok, I'm in the mood for pizza
tonight." She went to the phone and called Domino's. She ordered a
pizza with everything on it. Playing her role to the hilt, she
didn't care what I wanted.

     Turning to me she said," You'd better fix your face dearie,
and straighten your dress....You look a mess." I complied with a
wondering look on my face. Chris said,"You want to look respectable
when the pizza man comes." Nervously I waited until the doorbell
rang. I didn't dare speak, so I just handed him the check and tip,
took the pizza and closed the door. I don't think he noticed
anything strange about it, but I felt demeaned by appearing even
briefly in front of a man dressed as I was.

     We sat at the table to eat and Chris proposed a toast," To our
new DATE NIGHT game." As we clinked glasses I was struck by thelook
of those long painted fingernails holding my wine glass. She
insisted that I eat the meal without picking off the ingredients I
disliked. She commented," It's not ladylike to pick at your food."
I tried to eat as daintily as I could manage with those long
fingernails.

     After supper she led me to the bedroom where she removed the
dildo. "Tonight we are going to make love as lesbians." she
announced. We stood kissing and caressing while she slowly
undressed me. When we were both naked, we crawled into bed. Under
her direction I caressed her breasts,licked her nipples,kissed her
body all over and performed oral sex to bring her to orgasm. This
slow, unhurried, prolonged lovemaking was especially satisfying to
her as she needn't worry about turning me on. She did fondle my
tits a bit, but only because she wanted to.

     When at last she was satiated, we lay cuddled closely while
she said,"Well Babe, this game was what you wanted and I really
enjoyed it too. I hope that it was ok for you, but that's not
critical I've discovered that having a slave is great! While you
didn"t do as good a job of cleaning as I would have, you'll improve
intime. It took a sex game to get you to help with the housework,
but it's nice to know that twice a month you'll be domestic." Still
in my submissive role, I cooed a falsetto," Yes Mistress."

     "From now on, when it's the day for DATE NIGHT," she

continued," I will have you go grocery shopping. I'll make you a
list, you will buy the stuffand put it all away in the morning.
Then you will shave your body, bathe and get into your slave girl
getup. You will be ready when I get home so I won't need to waste
time getting you fixed up." She was speaking softly, but letting
that she had taken control of the DATE NIGHT agenda.

     "You wanted me to be dominant," Chris reminded me. "I gave it
a good try and discovered that I LOVED it!" she said with a smile.
"Many people would think it looks stupid to see you as a feminized
submissive. but I enjoyed the power trip and got a lot of work done
for me. If we're going to play kinky games, I might as well unload
some of my chores onto you."

     She kissed me and said,"Get out ofthat getup now baby, get
cleaned up and come back to bed. The game is over for THIS time."
I arose, went to the bathroom and ripped off the tape letting my
cock spring free. It felt great to stand up and pee again! My wig,
fake eyelashes and fingernails were removed and carefully stored
before scrubbing off the make?up. I used polish remover to clean
the paint from my toenails. Stepping into the shower I let the warm
water flow over my aching body. My feet were sore from the many
hours spent in heels. I was weary from all my chores. My poor ass
ached from the repeated anal rapes and of course, the tampex. My
cock untouched for so long now stood erect, appearing strange
without it's normal hairy surroundings. My legs were smooth as
silk. It had been some weekend!

     It was nearly midnight before I crawled back into bed. Chris
was still awake and I pulled her close to kiss her firmly. We made
passionate love as husband and wife in our normal roles. For the
first time since the beginning of our game I had a normal orgasm
without having to eat my own come. We fell asleep in each other's
arms.

     Sunday all was normal. Neither of us mentioned anything about
the previous events. Several times during the day i noticed Chris
staring at me with a mysterious smile. I sensed that she was
thinking about our next DATE NIGHT. I thought about the experience
all day, realizing that in creating this dominant personna I'd made
a lot of work for myself. "Give a man what he thinks he wants and
he won't like it." Chris had once remarked. She had been so right!
It was too late now, I knew. She had learned to love being in total
control and unless we eliminated DATE NIGHT altogether; I was going
to be her slave twice a month!




Subject: StoryDate Night2
 This is a story that I wrote for the enjoyment of adults only.  Hope you
enjoy it. Any comments can be sent to me at 4playd@comcast.net

    ---------------------------------------------------------------------

                     DATE NIGHT 2

                  WRITTEN BY 4PLAY

     It WAS FINALLY FRIDAY. It was to be our scheduled Date Night!
Over the years in order to keep our sex life exciting, we had
decided that twice a month we would engage in some of the kinkier
aspects of sex. These nights turned me on far more than they did
Chris, but she was willing to participate in order to keep me happy.

     I really like to play a very submissive role on Date Night, and
Chris, God bless her, finds it difficult to really get into the spirit
of things. She finds that being a dominant bitch is just not HER.
Tonight, however, things would be very different. I had made contact
with a guy on the computer bulletin board, named Bryan, that wanted
to play the role of Master to both Chris and I. When I explained that
she was not into playing submissive roles, he offered to come over
and make love to my wife, while I was bound and helplessly forced to
watch. That idea intrigued me. We have been swinging for quite a
few years now, and I had never seen her actually making it with
another man.

     Tonight she came home from work, and without even pausing to chat
about her day, she ORDERED me to go to the bedroom and strip naked.
Sensing that something was different about her attitude, I rapidly
complied. She turned the music into our bedroom far louder than
normal. By the time she came into the bedroom, I was naked. She
smiled oddly and said"That's a good slave".

     Reaching behind the bed, she pulled out the restraints I had made
several years ago, consisting of leather cuffs connected by seat
belt material. Humming softly, she fastened me to the bedposts so I
stood facing the bed with my arms spread eagled. Next she got a roll
of duct tape and taped my ankles together. She then took some
strips of that duct tape and taped my chest meat into small, but
very real breasts. All of this we had done before, and it was one of
my favorite games. I suspected that she would soon dress me in one
of her nighties.


     Instead, she left the room saying,"Don't go away". She chuckled
softly as she left. Unbeknown to me she went down to our "toy"chest
and brought a bunch of our adult toys upstairs. With the music up
so loud, I couldn't hear anything else. While I stood firmly
secured, she sat down to play computer games. I waited patiently,
having no other choice.

     After what seemed like a very long time, she walked into the
bedroom, with Bryan. She had called him up and told him to come
over. Tonight was certainly going to be a new experience!

     Bryan walked over and checked how securely I was fastened.
"You did a beautiful job Mistress Chris." he said as he pulled her
into his arms and kissed her deeply. They laid down on the bed and
kissed and caressed each other for a while, before Bryan suggested that
perhaps they ought to get me into a more slavelike state. Chris asked,
"what do you mean Master Bryan?" He replied," I always keep my slaves shaved,
do you have a razor?" "Certainly my dear", Chris replied, and retrieved it from
main bathroom.

     Bryan wasted no time as he proceeded to shave my body totally
from the neck down. When I started to protest, he shoved a dildo gag
into my mouth, and strapped it in place. "A good slave should be
seen and not heard." he said giving me a slap on the ass for emphasis.
Bryan remarked when the shaving was complete," The slave looks like
a little boy now, except for those cute little titties you made. I
think that I would rather have a slut slave tonight, let's play
dressup with our toy."  "Great idea Master Bryan", Chris replied.
For the next half hour they put makeup, a wig, highheels, bra,
pantyhose, etc. on me. They even painted my fingernails and
toenails! I could see myself in the mirror, and was stunned.

     Chris got them each a glass of wine, which they sipped as they sat
chatting as if I wasn't even there. Soon, Bryan was helping Pat get
undressed and she helped him get ready. Bryan asked Chris," Shall we
blindfold HER?"  Chris said," Hell No! Make the poor worthless slut
watch while a Real Man makes love to me."

     They began with caressing each other's nude bodies and soon moved
on to oral sex. Bryan slipped down to her crotch and soon she was
moaning with pleasure. She never got worked up that fast with me!
When Chris took his magnificent, hard young cock into her mouth, I
felt the tears running down my cheeks. In my fantasies it never was
like this! I could only watch in pained silence.


     For a couple of hours they made love until they had mutual
orgasms. While they cuddled in the warm afterglow, Bryan suggested
,"It's time to put our slave to work". He picked up my feet and
laid me on the bed with my head hanging over the edge. He then
guided Pat until she straddled my face. "Make the little slut lick
you clean." He undid my gag. Pat pulled my face to her crotch and
ordered,"Lick me bitch!" I had never tasted another man's come, very
rarely my own. Now I was powerless to prevent doing so. I licked
and slurped at her steaming lips until she had another orgasm. She
finally said, "That's all I can handle for now." Then she added," Bryan,
I know that you said you were straight, but I think you should make the
sissy slave lick you clean also; SHE does such a good job."

     She took his cock in her hand and pressed it to my lips, saying,
"That's a good girl, lick all my juices off of this wonderful cock."
In my bondage state, I was forced to lick his cock and balls
while the strong smell of recent sex filled my nostrils. Chris said,
"Open your lips bitch, take it in your mouth. I want to turn you
into a cocksucker." Bryan slid his limp dick into my mouth and
forced me to suck and slurp until he was once again fully erect.
Then he grabbed my head and began fucking my mouth, completely
oblivious to my gagging. As a Master he was unconcerned with my
discomfort, and concentrated on his pleasure! The roughness used in
this oral rape was unexpected and made me realize that I really was
under their control. The "game" had gone too far, but now I could
do nothing to stop it.

     He finally came in my mouth and told me,"Swallow it all slut,
spill one precious drop, and I will beat the shit out of you."
I obeyed, despite my revulsion. Chris applauded crying,"Magnificent,
Master Bryan. It would be fun to watch you fuck the slut's tight
cunt, but I want to save your next orgasm for myself." She got the
strap-on dildo and as she put it on said,"So I guess I'll have to
do it. She wanted to be a slave, and slaves don't fuck, they get
fucked."

     Bryan undid my hands and forced me to my hands and knees ordering
me," Ok Slave, beg Mistress Chris to fuck your poor worthless pussy."
"Please Mistress Chris, fuck me for your pleasure." I begged. I
received a resounding slap on both cheeks of my ass. Master Bryan
said," You have much to learn slut! That's not what you were told to
do. You must obey ALL orders exactly and instantly! Now try again."
My mind raced to try to remember his original order. " Please
Mistress Chris, please fuck my poor worthless pussy." I pleaded.
Chris now knelt behind me and smeared a large gob of Vasoline on my

asshole and using one, then two fingers, she forced it inside of me.
"Purr for me bitch, show how much you appreciate all that I'm doing
to you." Chris snarled with a new forcefulness in her voice. So I
did cooing like a little girl," Oh Mistress, that feels so
wonderful." Bryan grabbed one of my nipples with each hand and
pinched them quite hard. " You must always address her as Mistress
Chris, you have no right to use less than her full title." Bryan sat
holding my nipples so my face was scant inches from the cock that
had so recently ravished my mouth, while Chris forced the dildo inside
me. "Go ahead Mistress Chris," he said," Fuck the slut." Chris grabbed
my hips and began savagely fucking my ass. She had used the dildo
on me before, but never so roughly. All of her natural tenderness
had vanished and been replaced by a new sense of her power. This
was not lovemaking, this was rape!

     With Chris ramming the dildo up my ass and Bryan controlling my
movements by his fingers pinching my nipples, I was trapped on a
hideous ride that I knew would end only when they decided. The pain
in my nipples was intense and almost overcame the pain in my ass. My
urge to be submissive had long since dissolved into real fear. Chris
alone would have quit long ago, but with Bryan's support she was
actually enjoying herself. At last they tired of this and with a
little pat on the fanny, Chris pulled out the dildo."Not too bad slut,
you"ll improve with practice. Don't worry you'll get lots more
practice." she promised. I was allowed to collapse onto my side, my
hands went up to my throbbing, painful nipples.

     Bryan told Chris,"This slave is easily controlled through her
nipples, we should get them pierced. With some rings permanently
installed through them, she could be easily dominated even when I'm
not around." Chris smiled,"Hmmm, it would be a constant reminder of
her new status. Let me think about it." " It would be simple, we
could  take her right now to a friend of mine who'd be glad to do
it. He'd do the job for a blow job." Chris said," The blow job is no
problem, now that our slave is a cocksucker." She laughed and kissed
him lustily. A shiver ran through me as I realized they were
discussing me like a piece of meat.

     "Let's save that for another time," Chris said," Right now I'm
hungry and need another drink." They got off the bed and ordered me
to get my lazy slut ass up and busy. While they sat on the couch
necking, I fixed their drinks. When I delivered them Pat tweaked my
sore nipples saying,"Yes some rings might be just the thing,
they'll look sooo cute." She sounded so serious, I was scared.


  I returned to the kitchen and fixed them tv dinners and soup.
When I set their meals on the table, I noticed he was licking her
nipples and she was loving it. They ate ignoring me completely.
Bryan commented," Slave is going to have to learn to cook better
than this, after all WE are going to need to keep up our strength
for all of the great sex we are going to have." Chris replied," Don't
worry, Slave is going to learn MANY new things. The bitch wanted
this scene, well now she's just going to have to live with it."

     Bryan said," From now until the next Date Night you should
continue her training. Do not have intercourse with her, you may
use her tongue for your pleasure, of course, and I would recommend
that you fuck her pussy several times a day. It's very important
when training a new slave to remain dominant at all times." Chris
answered," Oh yes, you masterful hunk! Of course you are right
Master Bryan."

     After they finished eating they went to the bedroom for more sex
while I cleaned up. Soon they called for me to join them. I was
made to kneel on the floor beside the bed and watch while Chris rode
his cock to another orgasm. Again, they made me use my tongue to
clean their genitals when they were finished.

     Master Bryan had me dress him in his clothes when he was finally
ready to leave.  When he was fully dressed, he stripped me naked.
"One last chore Slave, I want you to display your hairless body to
me and Mistress Chris, while you masturbate." This was the final
humiliation, I stroked myself to orgasm catching my own come in my
left hand. "Poor slave didn't get any supper, You may eat your
come." I hesitated for a moment, then seeing the looks they were
exchanging, lapped up my own come. Bryan announced."Well you are
now a cocksucking, come gobbling, little slut slave."

     He then tied me hand and foot on the floor, replaced the gag and
passionately kissed my naked wife. As he left I heard him tell Chris
thanks for a great time and to call him anytime. She told him that
she certainly would.

     Chris returned to the bedroom, looked down at my helpless body and
said," This was a GREAT IDEA you had. I really enjoyed myself. He
was a REAL STUD and wore me out." She crawled into bed and turned
off the light. She said," I can hardly wait to continue your training, goodnight
 Slave." I could only lay there in stunned silence, with my nipples aching, 
my tortured ass in pain, reeking of sex and dreading the morning.




Subject: Story-Date Night3

     This is a story I wrote for the enjoyment of Adults. It is one of a
series of loosely connected tales.  Any comments would be welcome at
4playd@comcast.net

    ---------------------------------------------------------------------

                           DATE NIGHT 3

                         Written by 4play

     My wife Chris and I had been having our DATE NIGHTS twice a
month for several years. On these special nights we would put aside
all other matters and indulge in playing kinky sex games. While
originally she had come up with the idea as a means of keeping me
happy, she had been really getting into them lately. The rest of
our lives together was very happy. We loved each other dearly and
were best friends as well as lovers.

     Most DATE NIGHTS our role playing involved Chris in the
dominant part, with me playing the submissive. These were my
favorite games. She had come a long way in acting her part over the
years, but had confessed that she was running out of ideas...seemed
to her that we'd done everything possible.

     A couple of months ago, I acquired a modem for our computer
and had run amok on the information highway. While chatting on an
adult BBS, I made contact with a woman who loved being dominant.
She even called her husband Slave! Wow, would I ever like to meet
her. Chris and I had always done everything together, and although
we were swingers, the idea of separate dating was anathema. We had
seen too many couples who tried separate dating split up. That
would be playing with fire!

     One evening I mentioned this couple to Chris and told her that
I would like to meet them. If we could expand the cast of players
on DATE NIGHT, the possibilities would expand geometrically. Chris
always enjoyed meeting new couples, but thought of our secret games
a very personal matter. After much thought and discussion, she
agreed to meet them to see if the chemistry seemed right. We would
invite them over for drinks with the prior understanding that there
would be NO SEX that night.

     It was several days before I was able to contact Rachel on the

BBS, but arrangements were made for them to come over the following
Friday night. Although I had never seen either Rachel or Jerry in
person, I had exchanged fantasies with Rachel several times by
computer. In fact in all of my messages to her, I was required to
address her as Mistress; she referred to me as her slave. I eagerly
awaited Friday evening. They were to arrive at around 7:30 pm. At
exactly 7:30 the doorbell rang.

     I opened the door and welcomed them into our home. I took
Rachel's hand and gave it a gentlemanly kiss. She glared at me
huaghtily and hissed," You'll pay for this affrontary slave. No one
touches me without my permission." I mumbled,"I'm sorry Mistress."
Jerry removed Rachel's coat and carefully laid it on the couch
before shaking my hand. Rachel looked stunning in her black leather
halter top, mini-skirt and thigh length spiked heeled boots. She
went to Chris and gave her a big hug by way of greeting.

     We retired to the family room and I took the drink orders.
While they began a conversation I mixed the drinks and served them.
Jerry thanked me but Rachel stopped Chris as she started to say
thanks by holding up her hand and saying, " You should never thank
a slave for serving you dear; it is their privilege to do so."
Jerry nodded his affirmation of her statement. Jerry was quite a
bit bigger than I was and could be easily described as what Chris
would call a hunk. I could see there was a physical attraction
there, which did not escape Rachel's discerning eye. She asked
Chris if she would like to inspect Slave more closely. Chris
casually said, " Why yes Mistress Rachel, if it's not too much
trouble." Rachel replied,"No trouble at all, STRIP Slave." Jerry
stood up and removed all of his clothing without hesitation. When
his trousers were removed we could see that he was wearing lacy
pink panties. Chris raised her eyebrows in surprise upon seeing
them. She knew that I loved it when she made me wear panties, but
wouldn't have suspected such a thing about a hunk like Jerry.

     When the panties were removed his huge cock was nearly fully
erect. Chris reached out and took it in her hand. It must have been
at least 9" long and thick as well. He stood stoically still
despite Chris's tender stroking. Chris exclaimed, "Mistress Rachel
your slave is magnificent! And so well trained!" Rachel
replied,"Thank you Mistress Chris. Your slave could be easily
trained as well. I could help you with that process if you like."
She continued, "It would be no bother at all; I enjoy breaking a
man's spirit and bending him to our will."


     Chris's enthusiasm for this game had increased dramatically
since seeing Slave's nude body. "Why not," she said. " My slut is
always talking about wanting to be my submissive toy; it would
serve the little bitch right to give him what he thinks he wants."
She turned to me and ordered,"Strip slut. Let's show Mistress
Rachel what she has to work with." Emulating Jerry's unheisitating
obedience I stood up and took off my clothes. Mistress Rachel came
over to me and looked me over carefully. My body hair, so carefully
shaved a couple of months ago, was growing back and the stubbly
look displeased her. My dick hung submissively limp and she
snorted," Poor Mistress Chris, how in the world could you ever be
sexually satisfied with such a worthless cock?" Chris just shrugged
her shoulders.

     Chris had clearly changed her mind about the NO SEX tonight
rule as she turned to me and ordered, "Slut, go shave your body and
get into your slut outfit. Be quick about it! We'll be waiting
right here."

     A while back, Chris on one of our DATE NIGHT weekends had
taken me on a humilliating shopping trip where she bought my slave
girl outfit. A little French maid outfit with a very short skirt;
wig; a matching bra, panties and garter belt set; high heeled shoes
and black mesh stockings; and a complete make-up kit composed what
Chris called my slut outfit. I hurried off to obey her command
while Chris and Rachel continued chatting about what they might
like to do tonight. Jerry was still standing silent like some naked
decoration when I left.

     Stepping into the shower with the razor and soap, I carefully
shaved my body; legs, armpits, the few hairs around my nipples, and
my pubic area very closely. I was always struck by the smooth look
and feel of my body after a clean shave. It helped me to get more
easily into the submissive mode, since my masculinity seemed to
dissapear along with the body hair. I painted my toenails with the
garish red polish Chris insisted I use. While they dried, I applied
my make-up as Chris had previously instructed me. She had me use
blue eyeshadow to enhance my slutty look. The long fake eyelashes
went on much easier now that I had practiced. The mascarra and
eyeliner were also getting much easier to apply.

     When the make-up was completed, I pulled the black mesh hose
up my smooth, hairless legs and I hooked them to the garter belt.
Using strips of duct tape I taped my chest flesh to form the petite
but real feminine breasts that Chris loved to play with. After I put

on my bra the tape was invisible and my nipples protruded from the
holes in the peek-a-boo bra. The matching lacy panties were next
pulled on with my cock and balls tucked neatly between my legs.
These black matching items always made me feel so feminine. I
stepped into my short French maid skirt and put on my puffy
sleeved, low necked blouse. My wig was next put on and brushed out
a bit. I put on a pair of hooped earrings and the choker necklace.
My high-heeled toeless shoes always felt awkward when I first put
them on, but I was able to walk in them quite nicely by now.

     Taking the case with the fake fingernails from the cabinet, I
glued them on. I always saved them for last as it made the rest of
the transformation too difficult if I was wearing them. Those fake
nails were already painted to match my toenails. Looking in the
mirror I could see that I had done a good job. I looked every bit
the slut Chris wanted to serve her. The degrading prospect of
appearing like this in front of Mistress Rachel and Jerry still
made me nervous, but to please Mistress Chris I would do anything!
Or at least that's what I'd been saying, now that would be tested
severely. I wasn't sure that I was ready for whatever might happen.
But, this had been all my idea to start with and I felt compelled
to go through with it.

    When I walked back into the family room, I was surprised to see
Slave's head under Chris's skirt! He was performing oral sex on her
while she and Mistress Rachel continued chatting nonchalantly about
their plans. Chris looked up to notice me and praised," Well done
Slut, you look very pretty tonight."  Mistress Rachel put her hands
on the hem of my short skirt,lifted it up and examined my panty
clad bottom. "Nice ass Slut, we'll have to find a use for that."
she said menacingly.

     Chris was becoming very aroused by Slave's ministrations now
so Rachel asked her," Why don't you take Slave into your bedroom
and enjoy him for a bit Mistress Chris?" Chris replied,"Thank you
Mistress Rachel, I think I will." She stood up and ordered,"Stand
Slave." When Slave immediately stood up, Chris took his cock in her
hand and led him by it down the hall to the bedroom.

     Mistress Rachell smirked at me and ordered,"Slut go to our car
and bring me the travel bag in the back seat." I looked at her in
disbelief, I just couldn't go out of the house dressed like this!
Her dominant glare won out over my reservations quickly and I
swished out to the car parked in our driveway. Retrieving the bag
as rapidly as possible, I hurried back into the house. Mistress

Rachel said softly,"That's a good slave. You have real
possibilities Slut. I know that the plan was for No Sex tonight,
but a Mistress always brings a few toys along, just in case."

     She opened up her bag and pulled out a riding crop. "Bend over
Slut, and grab your ankles." she ordered. I wasn't expecting this
at all, as my computer messages made it quite clear that I wasn't
into pain. Obviously she had her own agenda!  She pulled down my
panties and lightly whipped my ass cheeks, gradually increasing the
force applied until my ass was sore and quite red. "A Slave, even
a Slut like you, should walk around with a pretty, red ass."

     Soon she quit the whipping and let me stand up to remove my
blouse and bra. Mistress Rachel caressed my titties and licked and
sucked on my nipples. My cock became erect as she told me how nice
it was to have such a pretty little sissy for a slave. "Get down on
your hands and knees bitch," she commanded. I got down on all fours
as she reached into her bag and produced a jar of KY jelly.
Greasing my asshole she worked one finger inside me. As it wiggled
around I writhed and moaned." The only sounds you are allowed to
make are those of pleasure, and you had better make lots of those
to show your Mistress how much you appreciate all of the trouble
I'm going through." she warned me as she shoved in the second
finger. I lied,"Oh yes Mistress, it feels so good." I continued
moaning with feigned pleasure as her third finger was squeezed into
my tight asshole. Rachell commented,"Your cunt is too tight. Oh
well, a series of butt plugs will soon loosen you up."

    My cock was screaming for the relief of orgasm as she continued
forcing that lubricant into my "cunt", but Rachel just laughed
asking with mock concern,"You'd like to fuck me right now, wouldn't
you Slut?" I pleaded,"Oh yes Mistress Rachel, Very Much so." She
laughed out loud and said,"You fool, you are the Slut and you GET
fucked!" "Besides," she continued, " How dare you think your
pitiful little cock could please ME! I can have Slave fuck me
whenever I want, listen to the sounds coming from the bedroom."

     Chris was obviously deep in the throes of passion, judging
from the moans of," Oh yes Slave, More Slave," etc. coming from the
bedroom. She never got that loud with me. This was not working out
as it had in my fantasies! Chris had gone wild with pleasure! So
far I had only suffered pain and humilliation.

     Mistress Rachel now strapped on a dildo and knelt behind me.
"You wanted some fucking, I'm going to give you some fucking." she

promised. The dildo was slowly forced into my well greased asshole
filling my insides with it's bulk. She reached around and grabbed
my nipples, pinching them forcefully. With her using my nipples to
control my movements, I was forced to hump my ass to recieve her
vigorous thrusts. The pain from my nipples overcame the painful
thrusts in my ass. I was horribly trapped into submitting to this
rape, which would only end with Mistress's orgasm. When at last,
she came, the dildo was removed.

     When I collapsed with exhaustion on the floor, my hands went
up to my throbbing nipples. They were too sore to touch! Mistress
Rachel put the dildo to my lips as she straddled my chest. " Go
ahead Slut, lick it clean. You got it dirty, now you clean it!" she
ordered." You stupid little bitch, you forgot to douche before you
had sex. Don't worry dearie, as my slave I will give you a nice
warm enema before I fuck you in the future." An ENEMA! I had really
let myself in for more than I had bargained for. My tongue
tentatively licked the dildo. "Must I bring out the cat-o-nine
tails to enforce my will?" she asked sweetly. Rembering the pain
from just the crop, I answered,"No Mistress." and really licked the
dildo until it was totally clean.

     Saying,"Come Slut!" she led me into the bedroom where my wife
was still enjoying a marathon, multi-orgasmic fuck with Slave. She
looked so sexy all flushed, sweaty and thrusting her hips wildly
upward to meet Slave's vigorous thrusts. She was truely beautiful!
Mistress Rachel said," You may climax now Slave." And he DID! It
was amazing! Mistress even controlled his orgasms with her power.

     He bent down to kiss Chris deeply as she shuddered with
another of countless orgasms she'd enjoyed. "That was excellant
Slave!" she praised him for all of the pleasures he'd given her.

     Mistress Rachel beamed with pride over her demonstration of
power, then ordered," Kneel by the side of the bed Slut. Slave
assist Mistress Chris to get into position to be cleaned." Slave
helped Chris to the side of the bed and draped her legs over my
shoulders. Mistress Rachel now told me," Now lick her clean Slut."
Slave's come was oozing out of the vagina now scant inches from my
face. This was revolting, to lick another man's come from my wife
was too degrading for words. Slave shoved my face right into it,
and realizing the total futility of resisting, I began to lick her
clean. The smell of the sweat mixed in with Chris's natural juices
and Slaves musky male odors made my mind reel, but I licked her
clean bringing her to another orgasm. Finally she said that she's

had enough and needed to rest for a bit.

     Mistress Rachel now brought Slave's cock to my lips saying,"
Go ahead Slut, finish the clean up. Lick Mistress Chris's juices
off this magnificent cock." Chris sat up and said," Yes you little
sissy cunt, I want to watch you lick his cock clean, He has earned
that much. What a magnificent stallion he is! Now lick him good
Slut." I used my tongue to lick the mixture of her juices and his
come from his dick feeling totally degraded by my situation. Still
half dressed as a girl; wearing a wig and in heels; my nipples
painfully throbbing; and my ravished ass oozing the melted KY
jelly; I was licking another man's cock! How had things gone this
far so fast?

     When the girls were satisfied that his cock was clean, they
decided it would be fun to watch me suck it! Chris put it to my
lipstick covered lips and cooed,"Come on Slut, suck on his cock for
me. You've already eaten his come from my pussy and I want you now
to go the final step. My little Slut is going to become a
cocksucker!" Mistress Rachel added," Since you are obviously not
capable of fucking like a man, you need to learn some other skills
in order to be useful."

     Chris pushed Slave's cock into my mouth. Even in it's semi-flacid
state, it filled my mouth. Rachel sat on the bed and started
caressing Chris, while both of them encouraged my efforts. As I
sucked and slurped his cock, it grew to full erection. This seemed
impossible as he had come so recently; this guy was a fucking
machine! He grabbed my head and began thrusting into my mouth,
choking me with it's sheer bulk. I was gagging as his cock hit the
back of my throat, but his grip was very firm and I was powerless
to escape his fucking my face. His brutal oral rape continued until
I felt him come in my mouth. It seemed that pulsing spurts would
never stop filling my mouth.

     Finally he pulled his spent cock out of my mouth and Mistress
Rachel ordered," Swallow every bit of it Slut, Slave has worked
very hard to give you that gift and it would be so ungreatful to
waste a single drop." So despite my revulsion, I swallowed
it."That's a good girl." she praised me. When the tears cleared
from my eyes, I could see Chris licking Rachel's pussy. She had
never done that before, but was now so turned on that it seemed
perfectly natural.

     As I lay on the floor trying to recover from my oral

ravishment, Chris looked up from her work and commanded,"
Cocksucker fetch us some more drinks." I got to my feet and wobbled
on the high-heeled shoes to make another round of drinks. I really
NEEDED a drink to get the taste of come out of my mouth!

     Returning to the bedroom I saw both Chris and Slave bringing
Rachel to orgasm. They took their drinks without even a word of
thanks and sat chatting as if I wasn't even there. Mistress Rachel
pulled my face to her crotch and had me lick her pussy while the
conversation continued unabated. In my fantasies about being a
submissive, sex slave it was never like this. In them I recieved
some sexual satisfaction. Now I was being used for everyone else's
pleasure with no regard for mine.

     After several more rounds of drinks and a couple of hours of
recovery time Mistress Rachel Asked," Mistress Chris don't you
think it's about time that Slut got to come?" Chris pondered the
question a moment before answering, " Yes, I guess she has earned
that privilege." Mistress had Slave lift me up and lay me on my
back on the bed with a pillow under my ass. He picked me up so
easilly that I was made aware of his great strength. To resist
would be futile. He could overpower me with very little effort.

     Mistress Rachel began fondling my cock and Mistress Chris
playing with my very tender nipples while Slave put his cock to my
mouth. The girls told me to suck it to make him hard again. "Go
ahead Slut, Do it!" Chris commanded. "You're already officially a
cocksucker now, so it's only a matter of more practice." she added.
By now I was beyond offering any resistance and totally submissive.
Like a true slut I took his cock in my hand and placed it in my
mouth. Once again I slurped, licked and sucked him to full
erection; only this time he didn't start that violent thrusting.
Instead he withdrew from my mouth and moved down between my legs.
He raised and spread my legs. I was about to get anally raped!

     The girls kept working on my cock and nipples. Chris moved to
straddle my face, facing Slave. I was forced to lick her pussy
while Slave forced his cock up my ass. The pain of this intrusion
would have been much worse if the earlier dildo rape hadn't already
loosened me up some. Chris got off my face and said," That's it
Slut, enjoy being fucked by a real man. You'll be getting a lot of
this in the future, so you might well learn to like it." Chris
advised adding,"You wanted to be treated like a woman, well this is
how a REAL MAN treats a woman. You'd better enjoy it."


     Slave was thrusting inside me with increasingly powerful
strokes toward his climax when due to Mistress Rachel's stroking my
cock, I came all over my stomach. " How cute!" Mistress Rachel
exclaimed. She scooped up my come with her hand and forced it into
my mouth encouraging," You've gobbled enough of Slaves come, you
might as well eat your own." I swallowed my own come and licked her
hand clean despite the violent thrusting which caused my body to
bounce with his tempo.

     Mistress Rachel at last said,"You may come Slave." In seconds
I could feel the warm spurts filling my ass. He slumped forward and
gave me a long, deep French kiss. he pulled out of me, leaving me
too weary and sore to move. The three of them sat drinking and
smoking while I tried to regain my composure. When I was able to
move I hobbled to the bathroom to clean my poor leaking ass.

     By this time it was quite late, and Chris invited her new
friends to stay the night. She leaned over and gave Rachel a big
hug and kissed her warmly. She lay back in the bed and announced,"
Mistress Rachel and I will sleep here, Slave and Slut can sleep in
the other room." As she turned off the light she reminded me,"Take
off your pretty clothes carefully sweetie, and wear your pink
nightie to bed." sarcastically adding,"You want to look pretty for
Slave don't you?"

     That night was long and sleepless for me despite it being
short by the clock. Slave cuddled up to me and caressed me like I
was his woman...I guess in some ways, I WAS. What a night this had
been! I finally drifted off to sleep.

     I was awaken by Slave putting his cock in my mouth. " Now
Baby, suck my cock not to please the Mistresses, but because You want to."
he said. I shook my head no. He squeezed my balls just hard enough
to make the point that I really had no choice. He straddled my
chest and waved his cock mere inches from my face urging, " Beg for
it Bitch; You know you want it." His tightened it's grip on my
balls and I knew that I was being made an offer I couldn't refuse.

     He kept me begging to suck his cock for several minutes before
he slid it into my mouth. This time I only had to suck it until he
was erect before he left to present himself to his Mistresses. What
relief I felt when he left! I didn't think I could handle another
of those brutal oral rapes this morning. I went to the bathroom to
pee and while there reapplied my makeup before presenting myself to
the Mistresses.

     Chris was licking Rachel's pussy while Slave was fucking her
from behind. Mistres Rachel looked at me and ordered, "Fix us some
breakfast Slut, and leave that nightie on...I like to look at your
cute little ass." I left them heavily involved in their three-way
action and went to the kitchen.

     By the time I had finished cooking a beautiful breakfast of
bacon, eggs and toast; they came straggling out and sat at the
table. They chatted happily about what a great time they'd had
while I served them their food. They completely ignored me except
for patting my fanny whenever it came within their reach.

     Slave pulled me onto his lap, and kissed me full on the mouth.
I struggled to get free; this was too humilliating...he was
treating me as if I were a REAL woman who belonged to him. They all
laughed at my embarassment and Mistress Chris said," It's too late
to be shy now Slut! He's already fucked you at both ends and filled
you with his come. Besides, you stupid sissy cunt, I've told him
that he can use you for his pleasure whenever he wants. You had
better cooperate or we will need to really hurt you."

     I knew that Mistress possessed both the will and the means to
inflict a great deal of pain. Discretion being the better part of
valor, I relaxed and submitted to his caresses. He was sucking my
nipples and I was getting turned on. The girls moved to the couch
to watch us perform and were caressing each other while giving
encouraging advice.

     Slave had me kneel in front of him and beg to suck his cock.
Mistress Rachel urged," Come on you little cocksucker, you know you
want to put on a show for us."  I begged quite realistically,
"Please Slave let me suck your beautiful cock. I crave your come.
Etc." Slave pulled down his panties and held his cock to my mouth.
I opened my mouth and took it inside. Mistress Chris said,"Slut
looks so pretty with a cock in her mouth, doesn't she?" Mistress
Rachel replied,"Yes she does. It's so nice to watch our slaves
playing with each other, as we direct the action."

     This morning Slave was much more gentle with me. He stood
holding my head in position, but didn't violently rape my mouth. He
was content to let me stroke and suck him to orgasm. Now it seemed
more like making love than rape. After all, this was mostly a show
for our Mistresses. They seemed to be enjoying our performance and
it felt like it was a long time before Mistress Rachel finally
said,"You may climax now Slave." As on previous occasions Slave

came on cue filling my mouth with his spurts of semen.

     No sooner had he climaxed when Mistress Rachel ordered me to
crawl over to the couch and open my mouth to show them Slave's come
still held in my mouth. Mistress Chris said,"That's a good
cocksucker Slut! You have learned a lot in such a short time."
Mistress Rachel told me," You may now swallow it Slut." I swallowed
it all without gagging. Maybe they were right, I could adapt to new
tasks!

     "Slave, it's your turn now. We want to watch while you suck
Slut's cock." Mistress Rachel commanded! When I stood up Slave
knelt in front of me. "Hold up your nightie Slut, so we can get a
better view." Mistress Chris told me. There I stood holding the hem
of my nightie with both hands while Slave sucked me to orgasm. It
didn't take very long as I had been allowed very little sexual
relief during this game. The girls inspected his mouthful of come
before having him swallow it. Mistress Chris said," Slave give Slut
a big kiss." Slave took me into his arms and we kissed like lovers.
The taste of my come in his mouth was mingled with the taste of his
in my mouth. Strange, but somehow now after all the degrading
things I'd been forced to endure, it didn't seem so bad.

     Mistress Rachel ordered Slave to fetch her strap-on dildo, and
Mistress Chris told me to get hers for her. Slave and I looked at
each other, but did as we'd been ordered. The girls strapped on the
dildos and greased them up while Slave and I got into the positions
demanded. I lay on my back and Slave was on his hands and knees
with our mouths locked in a kiss. Mistress Chris began fucking me
with her dildo while Mistress Rachel was fucking Slave with her's. Despite
the vigorous thrusting the Mistresses were using in their
simultaneous dildo rape of their slaves, we were ordered to
maintain the kiss throughout the ordeal. Our moans were stifled by
each other's mouth and tongue.

     By the time the Mistresses were done, it was mid-afternoon.
Mistress Rachel told Slave to get dressed and gather up their
belongings. It was time to leave. When all was ready they walked to
the front door and Rachel gave Chris a big kiss. Jerry and I shook
hands and they left.

     Chris told me to shower and get out of my slut outfit. She
said," You smell like a whorehouse!" I put all of my slut stuff
away and got cleaned up. Chris was sitting at the computer playing
games when I came back out. " Well dear, I hope you enjoyed this

"game"; I know I did." She said without looking up from her game.
She went on," When you first suggested these weird ideas I thought
you must be sick, but I've never enjoyed sex so much ever before."
" You really looked cute sucking his cock, and I'm so proud of how
well you obeyed our orders. Besides, that Rachel is a wonderful
lover."

     I mumbled something about how I was happy that she had such a
good time, failing to mention that I had experienced mostly pain
and humiliation. As I turned to leave the room Chris said," By the
way, Rachel invited us to a big party at their house in two weeks.
There will be lots of Masters and Mistresses there to help in your
training. I need to buy a new Mistress outfit for the event, but
you will go already dressed as Slut. I told her that we would be
there." Stunned by her lack of consultation with me first , I
nodded saying,"Yes dear." I had created a monster by unleashing her
feminine power.




Subject: New StoryDate Night4
     This is a story that I wrote for the enjoyment of adults. Hope you 
enjoy it if you're 21 or more.  Any feedback or comments can be sent 
to me at 4play@comcast.net

    ---------------------------------------------------------------------

                            Date Night 4

                          Written by 4play

     It had been two weeks since our wild weekend with Rachel and
Jerry. They and my wife Chris had turned me into a total sex slave,
using me for their sexual pleasure. I was made to dress like a
woman and sexually used as a woman. My ass had been dildo raped by
both women as well as Jerry's actual rape. They made me lick pussy
for hours, often while filled with semen. I lost track of how many
times I'd been forced to suck Jerry's cock; sometimes until he came
in my mouth, other times just to get him hard for the ladies
pleasure. One way or another, I'd been coerced into swallowing
every drop of semen expended that weekend, even my own.

     All My life "cocksucker" had been a terrible insult; now I was
one! The girls were referred to as Mistress Chris and Mistress
Rachel the entire weekend. Jerry had been called 'Slave ', while
they had given me a slave name of 'Slut'.  They had used me as a
slave with no regard for my pleasure, being forced to satisfy their
every whim. While serving two Mistresses had been one of my
fantasies, things had gone way past my vision of such a scene. Even
Slave had used me as his sex toy! I had certainly been made to live
up to the name of Slut!

     At the end of my degrading ordeal, Mistress Rachel had invited
us to a party at their house in two weeks.  Chris had accepted
without consulting me, considering that a frivolous act for a
Mistress. I had wished she had consulted me; I would have declined
that invitation. One weekend of total humiliation was quite enough!
While it been a total turnon for Chris being a powerful Mistress
served by two slaves, I had experienced only pain and degradation.
I was hoping to never see Rachel and Jerry again. They had been
instrumental in my degradation causing me to fear having to repeat
what had been a miserable experience. Besides, I was ashamed to
face them after what they'd seen me do.

     Several years ago I had promised Chris that I would be her

slave twice a month. Since I had some submissive fantasies I wanted
to explore, it was an easy enough thing to pledge. I had eagerly
awaited our Date Nights, when we would play our kinky sex games.
Chris had been a very reluctant participant at first, but had found
that she loved having a slave to use for household chores and as
her personal sex toy. Now she looked forward to Date Nights and I
had come to dread them. There was no way she would let me weasel
out of my rash vow. On Date Night I was her slave, the rest of the
time our relationship was normal. A weird arrangement, but I was
stuck with it!

     Chris and I hadn't spoken a word about our wild weekend since
it happened. Our lives returned to normal on the surface, but I was
having a hard time dealing with my feelings. The bisexual aspects
bothered me a lot since I had always been straight. Only the fact
that I had been forced into acts personally repugnant to me, made
my memories somewhat bearable. Since Chris had enjoyed herself so
much, I knew I'd need to work on adopting a slave's accepting
attitude to survive any future games. There certainly were more to
come in my future.

     Any faint hopes that Chris had forgotten about the party
disappeared when she phoned me from work saying,"I'll be leaving
work shortly; You'd better get ready. Remember we have a party to
go to tonight." The sweetness in her voice was meant for anyone in
her office who might overhear her side of the conversation.
Realizing she was unable to speak freely, I asked,"Do you mean for
me to get ready as Slut?" She replied sweetly,"Yes Dear, that's
what I mean; see you soon." and hung up on me.

     Damn, I'd really need to hustle to get ready before she came
home! I stripped off my regular clothes and got into the shower to
begin shaving my body. Slut was required to be completely hairless
from the neck down. Chris felt it kept me feeling submissive, and
she was right. Anybody seeing my body would immediately know that
I was owned by some Mistress, as a man would normally be hirsute.
Fortunately the shaving went quickly as I had completely shaved
only two weeks before, and I normally wasn't very hairy to begin
with.

     After washing carefully and toweling myself dry, I rubbed the
sweet smelling lotion all over my skin. Chris had told me that a
lady should have nice soft skin, and insisted that Slut use this
particular lotion. Normally I don't even put on suntan lotion as I
despise the oily feel of it, but orders are orders so I rubbed the

lotion into my skin.

     I painted my toenails with the garish red polish Chris had
selected for me and while they dried applied my makeup. The long
fake eyelashes were glued in place and a heavy coat of mascara used
to enhance their appearance. The eyeliner, and blue eyeshadow went
on much easier these days. At first I could hardly manage to get it
on as I am very sensitive around my eyes, but over the many months
of doing this twice a month, I was getting quite good at it! The
eyebrow pencil was used to darken and lengthen my eyebrows.

     Once the eyes were done I put on a base coat and then some
rouge to emphasize my cheekbones. Red lipstick was put on my lips
in a heavy coat. Chris had chosen my makeup to stress the
sluttiness of my appearance, and it surely did that. When I was
fully made up I looked like some cheap hooker!  She'd told me,"
Since you are going to be used as my slutty bitch, You might as
well look the part." While I disliked looking like this, it did
help me get into my Slut role and Mistress had ordered it.

     Using strips of duct tape I formed my chest meat into those
petite feminine breasts that Chris loved to play with. They had
grown over the years of her sucking on them and pulling on my
nipples. I had grown to love her doing that so much that now I was
unable to climax without that added stimulation! I was totally
dependant on her for my sexual release. With such complete control
so easily gained by using my nipples, Chris seldom needed to use
the ropes or chains anymore.

     I got out my frilly white nippleless bra and put it on
concealing the tape, but leaving my nipples exposed. They were
already erect and protruded sexily through the holes in the fabric.
The matching Panties and garter belt went on next. I opened a new
pair of white mesh stockings and carefully rolled each one up my
smooth legs, and hooked them to the garter belt. After stepping
into my black, toeless, 4" highheeled shoes, I looked at myself in
the full length mirror. I did have nice legs and a cute ass!

     Taking my long wig from it's form, I put it on and brushed it
a bit. Smiling I thought," It wouldn't be too much longer and I
won't need to wear this hot wig." The girls had decided that my
hair should be allowed to grow long enough to be styled in a
feminine fashion. The very idea of both Mistresses giving me a
permanent sent a wave of submissive pleasure over me.


     My frilly French Maid dress was the next thing I donned. It
was very short and barely covered my buns. Any time I bent over my
panties would show. I put on a dainty pair of earrings and the
black velvet choker necklace with the white bow. The little French
maid cap completed my Slut outfit. I had been transformed from a
normal man into the sissy sex slave Slut!

     The final step was to put on the long fake fingernails. I
always saved them for last, since wearing them made the rest of the
transformation process too difficult. My own fingernails were long
enough to polish, but Chris insisted that I wear these extra long
fake ones to increase my helplessness. They made even simple tasks
more difficult. Besides she liked the way they looked on me. Once
they were glued on, I painted them to match my toenails and I was
ready. Mistress would be pleased!

     Just then I heard Chris walk into the house from the garage.
Damn, if I'd only had a few more minutes more I could have greeted
her at the door presenting her a glass of wine. Mistress always
loved that demonstration of servitude so much, and I knew she was
displeased when it wasn't there. It wasn't my fault, she should
have given me more time. The transformation to Slut took quite a
bit of time and she should know that.

     Chris was carrying some bags which I took from her and set
them on the counter. She smiled at me and said,"You look very
pretty Slut, good job." I helped her off with her coat and hung it
up before serving her a glass of wine. She took it and told me, "
take my bags into the bedroom, but don't look in them...I have a
surprise for you." "Yes Mistress." I replied and started to obey
when she added," Stay in there until I get through with my call to
Mistress Rachel." I muttered another,"Yes Mistress.", picked up the
sacks and carried them to the bedroom. It wasn't fair to be treated
like a child, after all the trouble I'd gone through getting ready,
but as her slave I wasn't entitled to fairness.

     After about a half an hour of conversation, Chris finally came
to the bedroom and asked,"Did You douche Slut?" I was puzzled by
her question, but replied," No Mistress, I never douche." She
looked at me in a condescending manner asking," Oh Slut, do I have
to show you everything a girl should know?" She reached into one of
her sacks and pulled out an enema bag. Ordering, "Take off your
panties dearie; your Mistress will show you this time." she went to
fill the bag. THIS TIME? That meant that she was planning to add
another chore to the "get ready" process. I pulled down my panties

and stepped out of them.

     Chris returned holding the full enema bag and told me," Bend
over and grab your ankles slave, you do want to be clean for
tonight's party, don't you?" I muttered," Yes Mistress." and
complied. She inserted the nozzle in my anus and released the clip
flooding my insides with warm soapy water. I felt an instant need
for relief, but she kept me standing there for at least five
minutes before allowing me to hobble into the bathroom.

     The embarrassing noises made as my burden was released, caused
Chris to laugh at my discomfort which only increased my
humiliation. The cramps soon subsided, but it seemed to take
forever before there was nothing left to expel. I washed my bottom
and returned to the bedroom to find Mistress already dressed.

     Mistress Chris was wearing a black leather halter top which
pushed her magnificent breasts up very alluringly. Her black
leather skirt came to midthigh. She had high black leather spike
heeled boots that went up beneath her skirt. I was stunned by her
beauty! She looked every bit the dominatrix I wanted to serve. I
was so lucky to have such a wonderful mistress! For years I had
wanted her to buy such garments, but she always thought spending
money on clothes she couldn't wear to work a foolish waste. After
one weekend with Mistress Rachel, she had thrown caution to the
winds and bought this wonderful outfit.

     She motioned for me to kneel in front of her and lifted her
skirt. She wore no panties! I kissed her wonderful pussy and
Mistress Chris was pleased by this sign of my submission. " You are
such a good slave Slut, I have a present for you." She said
reaching into her bag. She pulled out a laceup corset ordering
me," Take off your dress and I'll help you into this." I quickly
obeyed and soon was laced very tightly into the corset. Breathing
was difficult and I wondered how I would be able to move while
wearing it. Mistress Chris praised," Darling, it does wonders for
your figure!" I looked in the full length mirror and saw that she
was right. It did improve my figure, and if it pleased Mistress I
would manage somehow. I put my dress back on.
     Mistress now handed me a butt plug and a jar of KY jelly
saying," Put this in your cunt Slut; it'll loosen you up for
later." I greased up the plug and forced it inside me embarrassed
that she was watching this process. She smiled pleasantly saying,"
Isn't it nice of me to be so considerate that I allow you to prepare
yourself and thereby avoid some of the pain associated with anal

rape?" I replied," Yes Mistress, that's very kind of you." and
meant it. If my ass was going to be raped, it would help to have it
prelubricated and loosened.

     As I reached for my panties, Mistress commanded,"Leave them
off tonight, I want to have your cute slave ass totally accessible
to me and my friends." I shuddered to think of countless hands
fondling my bare bottom, and worse; but merely dropped the panties
on the bed. Mistress motioned for me to follow her, so of course,
I did.

     We went to the hall closet where Mistress donned her long
leather coat and handed me a short cape to wear. She looked
wonderful, I looked very skimpily clad. Indeed I was! With my bare
bottom barely covered, I knew that every little breeze would
immediately be felt. I prayed that we wouldn't have to walk very
far from where we parked to get to the party. Bad enough to be
dressed like this without freezing or having to meet strangers on
the street.

     Mistress pointed to the overnight bag on the floor of the
closet and ordered," Bring that slave. Mistress Rachel told me a
Mistress always has a few toys along with her, so I packed a few
things." I picked up the bag and followed her into the garage.
Naturally she was going to drive, so I got in on the passenger
side. The seat was cold on my bare bottom, but my shivers were
mostly due to nervous apprehension of what lie ahead. I didn't know
what would happen, but was sure that it would not be pleasant for
me.

     Mistress drove expertly the few miles to the party, following
Mistress Rachel's directions like a born navigator. I was very
nervous about being outside our house for the first time dressed as
Slut. What if we got into an accident, or had a flat tire, or any
number of unforseen things which would expose my humiliating
condition?

     Mistress fondled my genitals with one hand as she drove
asking," You are going to be a good slave tonight, aren't you
Slut?"  I answered, "Yes Mistress." She continued." I want you to
obey without question any order you are given. Don't embarrass me
in front of the other Mistresses or Masters who will be there or
you will be very severely punished." This threat surprised me, as
our game didn't include a lot of pain. Some of Mistress Rachel's
ways were clearly rubbing off on her. I pledged," Mistress I will

be very obedient. You will be proud to show off how well trained
your slave is." And I meant it! My Mistress would not look foolish
in front of the others by having an errant slave. I would do my
best to make her proud!

     We arrived at the party location without incident, and found
a place to park only a few doors down the block. Mistress told me,
"Bring the bag slave, it's party time." I grabbed the bag and
followed her closely up to the house, where Mistress rang the bell.
Jerry answered the door and ushered us in. He was dressed in an
outfit almost the twin to mine, and obviously in his Slave role.
He curtsied to Mistress saying," Welcome to Mistress Rachel's
domain Mistress Chris." He helped her off with her coat and hung it
in the closet as Mistress Rachel appeared. She immediately gave
Chris a big hug and kissed her warmly.

     After a few minutes of caressing and greeting they parted and
Mistress Rachel told Slave," Take Slut's cape and hang it up." He
stepped behind me and removed my cape, taking the liberty of
reaching one hand under my dress to fondle my bare buns before
hanging it up. It was apparent that he still thought I was his
"girlfriend" and open to his full use. I had been hoping that was
a one time thing.

     Mistress Rachel looked at me critically for a few moments
before saying, " It's nice to see you again Slut, Mistress Chris
has done a good job of making such a worthless slave look
presentable." Mistress Chris indeed; I had gotten ready all by
myself and it angered me not to get credit for it. I didn't show my
anger, but merely said," Yes Mistress Rachel." I noticed Mistress
Chris smile discretely, and knew she was pleased with my answer.
Mistress Rachel took Chris's hand in hers and led her into the
living room while Slave and I followed obediently.

     The living room was one of those large rooms associated with
mansions of the late nineteenth century. Sitting on the couches and
fine leather chairs were two Masters and two more Mistresses. Their
status was instantly apparent since they were all dressed in black
leather outfits and comfortably seated. Their slaves either knelt
at their feet or stood respectfully behind them. The slaves wore
mostly frilly, skimpy outfits except for one girl who was naked
wearing only painful looking nipple clamps. Her pussy was shaved
adding to her naked, helpless appearance; and her petite body had
several welts as evidence of her Master's displeasure.


     Mistress Rachel started the introductions saying," Let me
present Mistress Chris to you Masters and my fellow Mistresses, she
has only one incompletely trained slave, but she has great
potential and is a fantastic partner in bed!" Mistress Chris
announced," This is Slut, it is a pretty good slave and I hereby
give my permission for you to use it for any purpose you might
desire." I cringed inwardly since I had trusted Mistress to protect
me from the others possible excessive mistreatment and she had so
nonchalantly given me over to them. As previously instructed by
slave, I smiled sweetly and gave a little curtsy to the Dominant
ones.

     Master Jack arose, kissed Chris's hand gallantly and said,"
Pleased to meet you Chris, I'm sure we'll get to be very good
friends." He was a big man and with his imposing presence augmented
by his leather outfit seemed to personify the title Master. He gave
a quick wave to the naked girl and she moved to kneel before Chris
kissing her feet. Master Jack told Chris," This is slave M, and she
is of course at your service. You may beat her, or order her to do
anything you choose."  Chris said," Thank you Jack, that's very
nice of you." and kissed him warmly on the mouth.

     Sir William was next to greet Chris. He was no bigger than I,
but exuded that quiet confidence of someone who knew that any
commands he gave would be obeyed. Standing in my Slut outfit, I
envied this man who took what ever he wanted from any slave. He
presented his slave "Cunt" to Chris. "This is slave Cunt, Chris and
I offer her for your use any way you see fit." he said and followed
that with," She is quite well trained and has served me well; I'm
sure that you will be pleased with her performance." Slave Cunt was
a larger woman, a bit on the heavy side. She wore a very short
skirt, that didn't even cover her shaved pussy, and a pushup bra
that left her pierced nipples exposed. She also knelt and kissed
Chris's feet to demonstrate her submission to a Mistress. Chris
thanked Sir William and kissed him as a sign of solidarity amongst
Dominants.

     Mistress Goddess now came up to embrace and kiss Chris as a
warm welcome to their group. She said," Rachel has raved about how
wonderful you are, we'll have to get together a little later." She
then presented her slave Twink. He was a middleaged man, with a
bit of a paunch, dressed as a harem slave wearing baggy red silk
pants, a matching vest with no shirt underneath, and purple
slippers that curled up at the toes. Like all of us slaves; he
looked ridiculous. It must have been some understanding among the

Dominants that a slave be dressed in such a degrading fashion to
keep them subservient. Along with the slave name it seemed to be
very effective; I know how submissive I felt in my role as Slut!
As Twink knelt to kiss Chris's feet, his vest opened and I noticed
that his nipples were also pierced with rings in them.

     The final Mistress to welcome Chris was Mistress Zelda, a very
tall, large framed, well built woman. She must be a weight lifter,
I decided by looking at her muscles. I knew that I would have been
no match for her in a struggle, she could have easily overpowered
me. She had a cruel look about her, and the whip she carried coiled
over her shoulder made me fear her all the more. If this powerful
woman ever unleashed her fury the consequences would be severe
indeed! I vowed not to displease her.

     Zelda hugged Chris and presented her slave Becky for Chris's
use. Becky was a short young man, made to look like a girl. He wore
a ballerina's tutu with no panties. Like me, his body was totally
shaved; a status that seemed to be the norm for slaves. when he
knelt to kiss Chris's feet, I was startled to see tattooed on his
bare bottom; "Zelda's Slave." ! These people weren't playing a
game, they were very serious about their lifestyle! I had gotten
myself into a situation where my fantasies seemed very tame by
comparison to what was likely to occur. Every instinct cried out
for me to run, but I realized the folly of that course of action.
They could have easily caught me and administered severe
punishment. Besides, where would I go dressed like this? With no
money or car keys in a bad neighborhood; I was probably better off
staying here and hoping for the best.

     With the introductions complete, Mistress Rachel announced
that supper was nearly ready and that the Dominants, could go into
the dining room to be served. She said Slave and slave M have been
working all day to prepare a feast worthy of them. She asked," Jack and
Zelda would you mind taking Slut to the Playroom so she will be
ready for her initiation ceremony?" They replied in unison," We'd
be glad to Rachel, we'll be right back up to eat."

     Master Jack and Mistress Zelda moved to either side of me and
escorted me down the basement to the Playroom. I should have known,
the Playroom was a fully equipped dungeon! Mistress Zelda told
me,"Take off your pretty dress Slut and hang it up over there on
one of those hooks." With both of those large menacing Doms glaring
at me I didn't hesitate to obey. When I had hung my dress up I
quickly returned to their sides. They took me by the hands and led

me to a table with bright lights overhead, where I was made to lie
down on my back. They efficiently strapped my hands with leather
straps affixed to the base of the table. Several leather straps
secured my body to the table. My feet were placed in stirrups like
those in a doctors office and strapped in place. A leather hood was
pulled over my head and strapped firmly in place. Master Jack said,
"Make yourself comfortable Slut, your initiation will begin after
we have eaten. This hood will keep the bright lights from bothering
your eyes." Mistress Zelda whispered huskily in my ear," I'll be
back to see you later Slut; this is going to be a night you will
never forget." With these remarks they left me in helpless bondage
and went off to enjoy their meal.

     I had thought myself ready for anything after the weekend with
Rachel and Jerry, but now seriously worried what kind of things my
initiation would involve that would require such strict bondage. I
could faintly hear their cheerful voices coming from their feast,
they seemed to be having a good time up there. My fears magnified
during the two hours or so that I lay helplessly awaiting my fate,
until I was in a near panic by the time I heard someone enter the
room.

     Wordlessly someone straddled my face and forced me to lick her
pussy. It had to be Mistress Goddess, I reasoned; there was pubic
hair, so it couldn't be either of the slave girls. I already knew
the taste of Mistress Chris and Mistress Rachel, and it was neither
of them. The person wasn't large enough to be Mistress Zelda;
leaving Mistress Goddess to be the owner of the pussy I was
slurping. My freedom might be gone, but I could still think!

     While I was so engaged, I felt some hands remove my butt plug
which I was thankful for; until it was replaced with a real cock.
Suddenly I realized my initiation would be to service every one of
the Doms. Well I would show them that I could handle that! After
the way I had been used two weeks before, I knew I could.  The
thrusting strokes of the cock in my ass were matched by the hip
thrusts of Mistress Goddess riding my face, so I adjusted my
tongue's tempo accordingly. The two Dominants reached orgasm
simultaneously; a clear demonstration that they had practiced this
routine on other occasions.

     The pussy lifted from my face and was shortly replaced with a
slimy cock put to my lips for cleaning. I dutifully licked it
clean, thankful now for the enema that had cleaned me out. At least
there was no shit on it this time! Mistress had been right to

administer it!

     Even before I had finished cleaning one cock, I felt the
intrusion of another entering my ass. Strapped immobile as I was,
I could do nothing to avoid being ravished again. Another pussy was
soon astride my face, Mistress Rachel. I recognized the taste of
her pussy when it was filled with Slave's semen, as it was now. She
must have been serviced by him already. Once more my mouth and ass
were both engaged to make me an unwilling middleman in a perverse
three way encounter.

     The rampaging cock now raping my ass was significantly larger
than the previous one, so I assumed it belonged to Master Jack.
Despite the larger size it moved inside my well lubricated ass
fairly easily. Although this dual ravishment, following so soon
after the other, was stretching my endurance to the limit; I kept
thinking that this was four down and only two left to go. One to go
really, since I figured that Mistress Chris would be gentle with
me. At last they were finished with their tandem ride and after the
usual cleanup they left. I lay there still secured to the table, a
horrible taste in my mouth, my ass sore and oozing slime, exhausted
but happy that my initiation was nearly completed.

     My sense of time had deserted me, but it seemed like a long
time until I again heard a sound. In my weariness, I had nearly
drifted off to sleep when I heard Mistress Zelda's Husky voice
saying,"Well Slut, you sure are a mess!" Someone removed My
blindfold and I blinked under the bright lights. I had been hooded
for some hours by now and it took me a while to get used to the
light once more. When my eyes adjusted, I saw Mistress Zelda was
accompanied by slaves M, Cunt, and Twink. "Clean this bitch up,
she's not fit for my use in this condition." Mistress Zelda
ordered. The slaves scurried to do her bidding and were soon
washing my sweaty body and come oozing ass with nice warm water. It
felt wonderfully soothing to be so pampered as they softly wiped me
dry with luxurious towels. I said," Thank you Mistress Zelda." ;
thinking that perhaps I had misjudged her.

     She snorted scornfully," I'm not doing this for you, I don't
give a shit for your feelings slave! I just refuse to work with a
filthy slave." When she took the whip from her shoulder, I trembled
in fear, but relaxed a bit as she handed it to Cunt. "M sit on
Slut's mouth to keep her quiet." Mistress Zelda ordered. Without
the hood now I could watch as the smooth hairless pussy was lowered
onto my face. It was a very attractive sight, which seemed

remarkable considering I had been forced to pleasure two pussies
already this evening.

     "Twink suck that pitiful clit of Slut's." was Mistress's next
command. My cock was quickly sucked into Twink's nice warm mouth.
Was I to get some pleasure and relief at last? "Cunt strap on the
black dildo and fuck Slut." Mistress ordered, and soon I felt my
weary ass being filled to bursting once more. At least this time I
hoped to have an orgasm myself! This prospect overcame my disgust
at having to service other slaves.

     While I was fully involved with three slaves working on me,
Mistress Zelda pulled one of my nipples very hard with what felt
like a pair of pliers. My shock at this was almost immediately
replaced with searing pain as a large needle was shoved through my
nipple! My scream was muffled by M's Pussy covering my face. In
horror, I realized that my nipples were being pierced! Of course,
all the slaves had their nipples pierced! Why had I thought I would
be treated differently?

     The dildo thrusting continued unchanging in tempo as if
nothing had happened. The sucking on my cock and the grinding of
the pussy on my face also went on unabated. The large needle passed
completely through the nipple and was quickly followed by a ring
being installed in the resulting hole. My other nipple was even
worse, since I knew it was coming. Just at the moment the needle
was shoved through my second nipple, I came in Twink's mouth! The
relief of orgasm somewhat abated the intense pain form my violated
nipple. My second nipple ring was now in place. All activity now
ceased. They had not been after sexual pleasure, it had all been to
divert my attention while Mistress Zelda accomplished her fiendish
designs.

     Slave M lifted off my face allowing me to look at my new
jewelry. One gold ring was now permanently installed in each
nipple. My poor nipples throbbed from their painful desecration.
The rings looked strangely pretty on my chest, but I could imagine
the new levels of control Chris would be able to achieve using
them. Twink came to my face and kissed me transferring his mouthful
of come to me. I swallowed it easily; my own come being now very
familiar. Mistress Zelda laughed at the tears running down my
cheeks saying," Poor baby, the pain from that is nothing compared
to what I could inflict with my whip, or by branding." Turning to
the other slaves she ordered," Release the bitch, get her cleaned
up and bring her upstairs." , and abruptly left the room.

     The straps were released and they helped me to stand. While
Cunt washed me, Twink freshened my makeup and M wiped my bleeding
nipples gently with alcohol. M instructed me in the precautions
needed to prevent infection and facilitate the healing of my
wounded nipples. They all seemed to be genuinely concerned for my
welfare; having been through a very similar ordeal themselves at
one time or another. I would have been content to stay here with
them, but as soon as they had me presentable we all went upstairs.
The rings jiggled with each step I took; making me acutely aware of
my throbbing nipples. I wondered if it would always be this way
from now on.

     Walking back into the living room I felt very selfconscious
with my naked bottom no longer even covered with my maid dress. My
shaved cock felt even more exposed than usual and my nipple rings
dangled outside my bra. Mistress Rachel called me over to where she
was chatting with Sir William and Mistress Goddess. Slave Becky was
on her knees sucking on Sir William's cock.  She said," Your new
jewelry looks very pretty Slut." , and kissed each of my nipples.
I murmured, " Thank you Mistress." bowing in submission.

     Mistress Goddess caressed my bare bottom and gave my cock a
few strokes bringing it to erection. " Look at how cute her little
thing stands up; I think Slut wants to come again." she said. " Do
you want to come Slut?" , she asked sweetly. With the stroking
arousing me even in my battered condition, I answered, " Yes
Mistress Goddess." She released my cock and ordered, " Go ahead
then, jack yourself off for us." In complete humiliation I began
stroking myself. As my orgasm approached she told M to kneel in
front of me and take my load in her mouth. With no outward sign of
surprise M knelt and opened her mouth. I shot my come into her
mouth, nearly collapsing from a combination of exhaustion and
sexual relief. " That's a good girl Slut, now kiss M to thank her."
Mistress demanded. I kissed M on the mouth tasting my unswallowed
come still there.

     Sir William nodded his approval of my obedience, then said, "
Slut, you'd better see if Mistress Chris desires your services.
You'll find her in the large bedroom at the end of the hall."  I
replied, " Yes, Sir William." and went down the hall. I hadn't seen
Chris since our arrival and badly needed her company after all I
had endured for her!

     The bedroom door was open and as I entered, I saw Chris on the
bed with the others. She was on her back being fucked by Master

Jack while Mistress Zelda was kissing her and caressing her
breasts. Slave stood by the bed, holding their clothes. Mistress
Zelda was wearing a strapon dildo. I stood quietly watching Chris
having orgasm after orgasm until Jack finally came. How had it come
to this? I was pitifully watching somebody else fuck my wife while
I merely stood there waiting to display my new nipple rings.

     When they had recovered from the throes of orgasm, Jack
motioned to Slave to clean his cock. Chris looked up to see me
standing there and waved me over to her. " Oh Slut, they look so
nice on you and they truly mark you as my slave."  She hooked a
finger in each ring and gave a slight tug causing me to lurch
forward to avoid the pain. " These will be very useful as well as
decorative." she remarked. She could envision the added power so
easily gained by the mere manipulation of these rings. She smiled
and kissed me lightly on the cheek as she would a child.

     Mistress Zelda asked, " Chris may I borrow Slut for a bit?"
Chris had spread her legs for Slave to clean her bottom and
casually answered," Of course Zelda, just bring it back to me when
you're finished."  How could she be so callous about turning me
over to this Amazon after all I had been through? I felt betrayed,
but when Mistress Zelda grabbed me by the balls I followed her into
another bedroom.

     Upon entering the room Mistress Zelda ordered me to kneel on
the bed with my ass in the air and said," Slut you've been a good
slave tonight, so I'm not going to punish you." I felt a surge of
relief; her whip still terrified me. Then she added," But, I am
going to give you three strokes on each cheek with my whip just to
leave my mark on you." She swung the whip and it landed with a loud
crack on my ass. The pain brought tears to my eyes, but I didn't
dare move. Two more strokes quickly landed on my left cheek and
were followed by three more on my right cheek. I was sobbing openly
now with tears streaming down my cheeks. Mistress Zelda had me look
at my ass in the mirror; the welts formed a perfect Z on each
cheek!  The woman was better than Zorro!

    Mistress Zelda removed her top and nestled my head to her bosom
consoling me with, " If I were punishing you, it would have been
fifty strokes. I wanted you to wear my mark for a few days and you
are willing to endure a little pain for me, aren't you Slut?" I
sobbed out, " Yes Mistress." as she gently laid me on the bed. For
a woman so big and strong she was surprisingly gentle as she had me
suckle her nipples. I felt almost like a child nursing, with her

strong arms holding me close. When she guided my face to her
crotch, it was done almost lovingly and I willingly licked her
pussy. It was the first time tonight that it didn't feel as if I
was forced to perform this task. Even when she put the strapon
dildo back on and fucked my ass, it was more like lovemaking than
rape. I felt loved and in returned knew that I would gladly serve
this Mistress, even though it took my receiving pain to excite her.
When she was satisfied, we fell asleep with me wrapped in her arms,
feeling protected and secure.

    I was awakened to find full daylight when Mistress Zelda got
out of bed. Slave Becky was helping her dress and I lay quietly
watching her prepare to resume her stern Mistress role. When she
was fully dressed with her makeup applied she turned to me and
snapped," Get your lazy  ass out of bed Slut, get dressed and
report back to Mistress Chris!" I hastened to obey, both from fear
of punishment and a genuine desire to see my own Mistress. As I
moved both the welts on my ass and the pain in my nipples reminded
me of all that had transpired last night. I put my highheeled
shoes back on and went down to the Playroom to retrieve my dress.

     Even empty this dungeon was a sinister place. All of the
instruments of pain were neatly arrayed, either hanging from pegs
or laying on shelves. The shackles, chains and straps hung empty
now, but ominously available for use. I quickly found my dress, put
it on gingerly trying to avoid snagging my nipple rings; and
hurried from this place of pain.

     Walking up the stairs, I met M on her way down. She took my
hand and said," Come with me honey, you look a mess."  Leading me
to a bathroom, she redid my makeup, brushed my wig, and sprayed
squirts of perfume on me. She warned me of the folly of appearing
before the Doms in disarray. " They feel insulted if you look
unkempt and they WILL punish you." When she felt I looked ready,
she kissed me and led the way to Mistress Chris. Following her I
noticed a Z on each of her ass cheeks also. Mistress Zelda had used
her too.

     The Masters and Mistresses were in the dining room finishing
their breakfasts. Slave and Cunt wearing only lacy aprons were
serving them as waiters. Twink and Becky were on all fours eating
from dog dishes without using their hands. They also sported fresh
Z's on their behinds. Quite a contrast, emphasizing the gap between
Master and slave. The Masters and Mistresses ate in luxury while
the slaves endured humiliation.

     When I went to Mistress Chris to report in, she gave me a pat
on my ass, causing me to wince in pain. She noticed this reaction
and had me lift my dress. Seeing the welts she broke out laughing
and said," Zelda baby, You are a trip! You got them all!" All of
the Doms laughed at this except Zelda, who modestly nodded her head
accepting this praise. Their glee was not shared by the slaves
who's pain had paid for this enjoyment.

     Mistress announced, " Well thank you Rachel for a wonderful
party. I enjoyed meeting your friends and had a WONDERFUL time!"
She was grinning from ear to ear. She really had enjoyed herself.
"Fetch my coat Slut, we have to go now." She commanded. Mistress
Rachel asked her,"Do you have to leave so soon? Slut hasn't eaten
yet and Slave can easily fix her up a bowl in a minute." I was
impressed that Mistress Rachel had even bothered to remember that
I hadn't eaten. Mistress Chris replied, " No thanks Rachel, Slut
still has a lot of work to do when I get her home; besides I didn't
get a bit of sleep last night. I need a nap." Eager to leave this
place of torment, I rapidly retrieved our wraps.

     Returning with Mistress Chris's coat, wearing my cape I
watched Mistress embrace and caresses each of the other Doms
goodbye. It was obvious that she had been intimate with each of
them at some time last night. She was really getting into the bi
stuff it seemed. She always had loved men. I was forced to go to
each Dom and demonstrate my submission by kissing their feet. A
small matter I thought, since I had already kissed much worse
places on each of them.

     Once our goodbyes were completed, we left and went to our car.
It seemed that a lifetime had passed since we had been in the car
instead of only eighteen hours. In the familiar environment of our
car, the previous experience became more like a bad dream than
reality. I wished it had all been merely a nightmare, but my sore
ass and new nipple rings would not allow me the mercy of such
pretense. The welts would fade in a few days or weeks, but those
rings were now a permanent reminder of my slave status.

     Mistress Chris drove home babbling like a happy child about
all the fun she'd had with each of the Doms and describing in
detail what she'd done with each of them. I rode silently,
listening with dismay as she boasted of the humiliations she'd
heaped on the other slaves. Under the guidance of the Masters and
Mistresses she had gone far beyond anything she would have thought
of on her own. All the worse for me, she had loved it! The

excitement in her voice as she related her exploits, left little
doubt in my mind that she was ready to push even further. There was
no turning back now!

     Home never looked so good to me as we walked into our house,
I was anxious to return to our normal relationship. Chris hugged
and kissed me and told me," I'm so proud of you Slut. You behaved
like a perfect slave last night!" She fondled my bare privates
saying," I love you so much, and know that you must love me very
much to endure all you have, just to please me." Just as my cock got
fully hard, she whirled around and headed for the bedroom. Thinking
I was going to be allowed to fuck her at last I started to follow
her. She turned back to me and said," Not now slave, get out of that
outfit and get cleaned up. Don't forget to tend to your nipple ring
rotation and cleaning." With that she went to take a nap, leaving
me standing there with an unsatisfied erection added to my other
discomforts.

     Later, as I soaked in a warm bath tending to my aching body,
I realized that my life had been forever changed. Even if we
continued having Date Night only twice a month, which now seemed
dubious, I would be reminded constantly by my rings of how easily Chris
could turn me over to anybody else's abuse. She had always loved
me, but now I felt she loved Slut even more. It was a problem with
no ready solution. I knew that I couldn't live without her, but was
afraid of what life with her would become. While idly toying with
my rings, I decided to continue on. At least for a while....




Subject: STORY-Date Night5

     This is the 5th story in the Date Night series. I wrote this story
for the enjoyment of adults only.  Hope you like it.  Please send
any comments to 4playd@comcast.net.
                     ----------------------------------------

                        
                                 DATE NIGHT 5

                                 Written by 4play

     In the two weeks that had elapsed since the Mistress Rachel's
wild party, my wife Chris had not mentioned a word about the events
which had transpired there. While she had obviously had a very
exciting time, I had spent much of the party bound and hooded in
what was called the Playroom, but was really a dungeon. My mouth
and ass had been freely utilized by anybody and everybody who cared
to take advantage of my helpless condition. All of the Dom's at the
party had. Even several of the other slaves, following their
Master's or Mistress's directions had used me.

     Mistress Zelda had left her mark, a Z formed on each cheek of
my ass by welts from her whip, on me. The most drastic thing was
having my nipples pierced! The pain had been intense, but
fortunately short lived. My nipple rings were permanently in place,
and I was constantly aware of their presence. The pain was gone,
but I felt them every time I moved and my nipples were kept
constantly erect.

     The welts on my ass were fading and I could now sit without
wincing in pain. My nipples were not completely healed, but with
the care I was giving them, they soon would be. Curiously enough,
Chris had ignored my rings; acting as if they didn't exist. That
was a big relief to me, since I would have died if she had been
using them as a dominance tool during the healing process. That
practice would begin soon enough I assumed, a prospect which both
frightened and excited me.

     My thoughts had become very confused lately and I found it
difficult to decide upon a course of action regarding our marriage.
The submissive fantasies I wanted to act out, which resulted in my
pledge of Date Night slavery, now seemed very tame indeed. Once
Chris had discovered the exhilaration of having unlimited power,
she could not seem to get enough of it. She had constantly pushed

me far beyond any limits I would have established beforehand; had
I even thought to set restrictions on her power. With the benefit
of 20/20 hindsight, I certainly should have!

     One part of me resented the degrading things I'd been forced
to do and wear. Being a sissy sex slave was one thing as a harmless
fantasy; but quite another to endure on what had become a regular
basis. The pain which had seemed so sensuous in my mind; really
hurt in actual practice. Bisexual experiences which had never been
a part of even my wildest flights of imagination, were now quite
routine. More than anything else, being used sexually by other men
had sapped me of my last vestige of manhood.

     I suppose most men would have revolted, and refused to
continue in such a state; but another part of me felt enormously
proud of being a good slave to my beautiful Mistress. I had never
seen her as happy as she was in her role as Mistress Chris. Her
pleasure was worth a lot to me, and made the unbelievably perverse
things required of me to evoke such joy seem worthwhile. The
scariest part was that I was starting to get turned on by
submissively obeying her commands. Somehow it seemed, the more
debasing her demands became; the more excitement I felt carrying
them out. Obedience seemed more crucial than sexual satisfaction,
a situation which made rebellion a possibility that grew fainter as
each day passed.

     Chris and I had always been quite open with each other, freely
discussing everything; but we never talked about the Date Night
experiences. She must have felt that as Mistress Chris she was
entitled to unquestioning obedience, and no explanation was needed.
I was reluctant to bring up the humiliating things I'd been forced
into; feeling that Date Night was better kept separate from the
rest of our life. Strange as it might seem, this unspoken
understanding had enabled us to maintain a normal, loving
relationship except for our bi-monthly wild excursions into kink.

     Even with all of my inner turmoil, I was very agitated today
as tonight was Date Night again. My curiosity about what Chris had
planned was mixed with a sense of dread. Ever since she had brought
other people into our private game, she had increasingly grown more
perverse in her scenarios. Once dressing me as Slut had been a very
occasional thing; now it was required every Date Night. Watching
Masters and other Mistresses in action had seemed to validate her
treatment of me, as well as providing her with a host of new ideas.
I was hoping we would spend this weekend alone; since when Chris

and I played together things didn't get so extreme.

     Chris phoned during her lunch hour and told me to " Get
Ready", which was her way of telling me to be dressed as Slut
before she came home. That simple phrase activated the entire
transformation process; turning me from an average guy into her
sissy sex slave. This involved full body shaving; applying body
lotion and facial makeup; painting toenails and long fake
fingernails to match; and administering an enema to myself; all
before getting into my feminine apparel. The enema had been added
to the routine last Date Night, and while I had thought it an
unnecessary humiliation at the time, it had proved to be a wise
precaution. With my ass being so freely used by so many people it
made sense to have it clean at the start.

     The first parts of the transformation were completed rather
quickly, as I had been getting lots of practice lately. The enema
was more difficult since I had never given myself one before. It
even felt degrading without Chris watching, but that feeling was
rapidly replaced by an overwhelming need to use the toilet. The
surge of relief as my watery burden was ejected almost made it seem
worthwhile to "douche". When my insides were empty, I cleaned
myself up and hurried to don my feminine garments. The worst part
was over.

     My new pink push?up bra forced my breasts up into real
cleavage without covering the tops, thereby leaving my nipple rings
hang freely. It also hooked in the front, making it easy to put on.
Mistress Chris had thoughtfully purchased it for me after my
piercing. I loved that it eliminated the need for duct tape, but
strongly suspected that she had bought it because it left my nipple
rings totally accessible. The matching lacy panties and garter belt
went on next and then my pink mesh hose. I got my red shoes with
the 3" heels and stepped into them before going to where Chris had
hung my new outfit.

     The white silky blouse was very sheer, nearly transparent and
I knew that Mistress would insist on wearing a slip under it when
she noticed that my nipples and rings were very visible through the
fabric. The pink skirt came half way to the knee, short but a vast
improvement compared to my maid outfit. Both skirt and blouse were
a perfect fit. Mistress Chris had a good eye for sizes!

     I put on my wig and as I brushed it into shape; I stared at
the slutty looking girl in the mirror. It was hard to realize that

this was the same face that had worn a beard for years. Sometimes
I missed my beard very much, but knew that under the current
circumstances there was no chance Mistress would allow me to grow
it back again. For me to even ask for such permission would be
taken as a sign of disrespect, and therefore out of the question.

     Putting such thoughts aside I sprayed on some cheap perfume
and put on the long false fingernails. I was Ready! This time early
enough so I could greet Mistress at the door with a glass of wine.
She would be so pleased by that I knew. I poured the wine ahead of
time and placed it in the refrigerator, knowing that from the Den
window I could see her car approaching from several blocks away and
have ample time to meet her at the door. Being a good slave took
some planning ahead and attention to details.

     Standing by the Den window, so as not to wrinkle my new
outfit, I watched for an hour and a half before I sighted her car
coming down the street. Hurrying to the refrigerator, I retrieved
the previously poured wine and went to stand by the door from the
garage. A few moments Chris walked in, took the proffered wine
glass and said," Thank you Slut, Mistress appreciates that." I
replied," It's my pleasure to serve you Mistress." I helped her out
of her coat and hung it in the closet.  When I returned she
remarked," You look very pretty Slut. I love the way your nipple
rings show through your blouse; very sexy." I had been so sure that
she would make me put on a slip to hide them that I was shocked
that it had been her plan for them to be visible.

     "Draw your Mistress a nice warm bubble bath." She ordered as
she sat down to use the phone. "Yes Mistress." I answered as I left
to obey. When the bath was ready I returned to notify her and found
her on the portable phone. She didn't tell me who she was talking
to, but merely arose and went to the bathroom and closed the door.
As she passed me, she ordered me to start supper. I noticed
immediately that she didn't even tell me what to fix. Usually when
she had me cook for her, she specified what the menu would be.

     In the kitchen, I looked at what was available for cooking on
short notice and decided on fried shrimp. Plugging in the deep
fryer to let it warm up, I prepared her a nice salad and a fresh
roll while I waited. I also fixed myself a salad knowing that she
would be pleased by that. When the grease was hot, I placed the
breaded shrimp into the deep fryer and set the table. When all was
ready, I rapped softly on the bathroom door and announced,"
Mistress your supper awaits." She emerged wearing her elegant robe,

handed me the phone and her wine glass; and went to eat. I replaced
the phone on it's cradle, refilled her glass and went to join her.

     When I set her glass down she said," You'd better eat in the
kitchen Slut; we're going to be around other Dom's tonight and
you'd better get into the slave role early." She noticed my
dejected look and added," You wouldn't want to mess up and have
Mistress Zelda punish you, would you?" I quickly answered," No
Mistress." Just the thought of Mistress Zelda wielding her whip on
me was enough to make me shudder in fear! I took my salad into the
kitchen to eat, while Mistress dined in private. While I missed
being in her company, She was right; I did need to adopt the proper
slave attitude before unwittingly earning punishment.

     Mistress leisurely finished her meal and then went to the
bedroom to get dressed, patting my buns as she passed me. I
understood that I was now free to clean up the kitchen, clear the
table and load the dishwasher. By the time the cleanup was
completed I had only a short wait before Mistress Chris appeared
wearing her fabulous black leather outfit. Her long leather boots
went clear up under her leather skirt and had those wonderful spike
heels. The leather top pushed her breasts up into a most desirable
cleavage. She looked every bit the beautiful Dominatrix who fully
deserved the slave's service I happily provided!

     She lifted her skirt, exposing her bare bottom. She wasn't
any underwear this Date Night either! I fell to my knees and kissed
her magnificent pussy. She lightly caressed my head as I performed
this act of submission saying," You're such a good slave."  I felt
proud to serve this wonderful Mistress. She had me fetch her black
leather coat and my cape. She told me," Mistress Rachel should be
here any minute now. She's picking us up tonight." I thought it
very kind of her to share that information with me.

     Just at that time Mistress Rachel's Car pulled into our
driveway. Slave stepped out dressed in his maid outfit and opened
the front door on the passenger side for Mistress Chris to enter.
I got into the back seat with a man sitting there already; slave
got in the back seat on the driver's seat. Mistress Rachel told
Chris," This is Steve, I met him on the Computer bulletin board and
he wants to become one of my slaves. He's coming along tonight to
see if he is worthy to enter my stable." Chris turned to study him
a bit and said,"Rachel you never fail to amaze me. I don't know if
he has what it takes to be a good slave, but it will be fun to find
out anyway." They both laughed and Mistress Rachel drove off.

     Slave and I looked at our new companion trying to size him up.
We knew that we were not to speak without permission, so I silently
wondered if this poor fool knew what he was letting himself in for.
Every humane instinct in my soul wanted to cry out, " Run for it
while you can Steve!" Instead, we just sat in passive silence as we
drove through the suburban streets toward our unknown destination.

     Mistress Rachel pulled into the driveway of a ranch house
typical for the suburban area. Slave and I quickly got out of the
car and opened the doors for our Mistresses. Steve just sat waiting
for someone to tell him what to do. Mistress Rachel said," Come
Steve." and walked up to the front door of the house. Steve
followed her and Mistress Chris, while Slave and I brought the
Mistresses toy bags and another suitcase from the trunk along with
us.

     Slave M was at the door, again totally naked, and welcomed us
to Master Jack's home. I didn't like this idea at all; Master Jack
seemed the most menacing of all the Dom's I'd met so far. In his
own domain he wouldn't feel the constraints of being a guest and
could let his imagination run wild. M showed us where to hang our
Mistresses coats and store our baggage, then escorted us into the
Living Room. Master Jack and Mistresses Rachel and Chris were
looking Steve over carefully as we entered the room. We went to
each of them and kissed their feet as a sign of our submissiveness;
an act that seemed to bewilder Steve. He still had a lot to learn!

     Master Jack said," It's difficult to picture this as a slave
with those clothes on." Mistress Rachel agreed with that assessment
and ordered," Slut and M take this apprentice slave into the other
room and get him suitable for presentation. You'll find everything
you'll need in my suitcase." M took Steve's hand and led him away
while I retrieved the suitcase and followed them. I heard Master
Jack give Slave the drink orders as I closed the door behind me.

     M and I had Steve remove all his clothes and stand in the
bathroom adjoining the bedroom we were in. M told him," Stand very
still with your arms in the air, we need to shave your body." With
our combined experience in body shaving M and I soon had him
hairless below the neck. He shuddered as M held his cock while I
shaved his balls. His cock became erect in her hand; a natural
enough reaction with M's naked body so close by. He wanted to fuck
her alright; but didn't yet realize that if anybody got fucked, it
would be him.  He lost his erection as he was made to bend over and
spread his cheeks so M could shave around his asshole. Humiliation

won out over lust again!

     As we put black lacy panties on him I explained," Mistress
insists that her slaves be dressed as girls. Don't worry you'll
soon get used to it." M took strips of duct tape and formed some
feminine breasts from his chest flesh, before putting the matching
bra on him. Steve couldn't help staring at M's nipple rings, they
seemed to fascinate him all the more since he had seen mine through
my blouse. I knew he was thinking that he might soon be wearing the
same sort of jewelry, a scary prospect indeed for a guy who had
probably never seen pierced nipples before.

    While M applied his makeup she warned him to observe carefully
the steps involved cautioning him," Mistress will expect you to do
this by yourself. She wants to save her precious time for more
important matters." Steve merely nodded silently, probably too
stunned by the transformation he was seeing to speak. I glued on
some fake fingernails, then painted them and his toenails with red
polish as his facial treatment progressed.

     M placed the fiery red wig on his head saying," You look quite
pretty Stephanie." He had never seen himself like this before and
couldn't help staring at the feminine face in the mirror. M placed
a choker necklace around his neck, adding some clip-on earrings to
match. Now he was ready for the rest of his female attire.

     We showed him how to put his hose on without snagging them by
rolling them carefully up each leg, and how to secure them to the
garter belt. His dress had a flowery print that looked too
springlike for this time of year, with a flared bottom coming to
mid-thigh on him. His legs were not as good as mine I noticed, but
he did look passible so Mistress Rachel would pleased. With a few
final instructions regarding the proper behavior in front of the
Dom's we led Stephanie back to be presented to Mistress Rachel.

     When we entered the Living Room I saw that the rest of the
group from the previous party had arrived. Mistress Zelda was
standing by the fireplace with her slave Becky kneeling at her
feet. Her whip was coiled menacingly over her shoulder. Mistress
Goddess was seated on the couch necking with Master Jack; while
slave Twink was on all fours serving as their coffee table with
their drinks and a bowl of chips on his back. Sir William was
having a casual conversation with Mistress Chris while slave Cunt
was licking her pussy and Slave was sucking on his cock. Mistress
Rachel sat in regal splendor in a throne-like overstuffed chair

awaiting the arrival of her new slave. It was a totally amazing
scene which would have been considered bizarre by even hardened
swingers; yet seemed routine in this group!

     We led Stephanie across the room stopping in front of Mistress
Rachel. All conversation ceased, all eyes were on us except for
Cunt and Slave who continued their service unabated. " Mistress
Rachel we humbly submit the unworthy Stephanie who wishes to be
considered for admission to your stable of slaves." I announced.
Stephanie made a dainty curtsy. Mistress Rachel stood up and looked
very carefully at the transformation M and I had wrought and nodded
her approval. She said," Stephanie you look good enough to serve
me, but you must first demonstrate your subservience. Only when
your greatest pleasure is serving me, will you be worthy to be my
slave."

     All eyes were now on Stephanie, who seemed overwhelmed by the
seriousness of the moment. It was a lot to absorb in a short time.
At least I had been led gradually to my current state; this was
happening so fast. Mistress Rachel now asked," Are you willing to
submit to my will and give me your unquestioning obedience?" After
a brief moment of silence Stephanie replied," Yes Mistress Rachel,
I freely submit myself to your will and pledge my obedience." The
new slave knelt to kiss Mistress Rachel's feet, which brought a
round of applause from all the Dominant ones.

     Mistress Rachel snapped her fingers and Slave hurriedly
brought her a feathery mask and a strap-on dildo. While he was
putting these items on her, I noticed Master Jack bring out a video
camera. That explained the mask; they were going to film the
activities and for some reason Mistress didn't want her face to
appear in the picture. Stephanie had no such option. Ravel's Bolero
began playing from the stereo as background music and the signal
for everyone else to remain silent was given. This was to be a
first class production!

     Mistress Rachel led Stephanie to the center of the room and
started sensuously dancing with her newest slave for a few minutes.
She lifted the print dress and thrust the protruding dildo between
Stephanie's thighs enabling her to guide the slave's movements more
effectively. The room filled with sexual tension as we watched this
dance of seduction proceed, in anticipation what was yet to come.
Even with the background music we could hear Stephanie's breathing
turn to panting. Mistress Rachel's breasts rubbing on her chest and
the dildo between her legs made a combination which rapidly got her

highly turned on.

     Mistress Rachel knowing the powerful effect this dance was
having, guided her excited slave to her knees and then to all
fours. Moving behind and lifting the dress, Mistress slowly pulled
down Stephanie's panties. While dipping her fingers into a jar of
K-Y jelly Mistress she asked," Stephanie are you ready to be
deflowered by your Mistress?" With one of Mistress's fingers
already writhing in her ass, enhancing her excitement; Stephanie
honestly replied," Oh Yes Mistress." The heavy breathing of her
slave brought a smirk to Mistress's face; men were so easy to
enslave!

     Working in a second finger and then a third Mistress continued
her manipulations until Stephanie was bucking back hard against the
digital thrusts, before inserting the dildo. Master Jack moved to
the front to record Stephanie's facial expression at the moment of
penetration. Fortunately she was now so highly aroused that she was
beyond caring about modesty or possible future uses of this film.
Mistress began to pace the tempo of her strokes to the music. With
her hands grasping Stephanie' hips she was in complete control as
the music continued inexorably toward it's thundering conclusion.

     Bolero ended at the same moment Mistress Rachel reached
orgasm. In the silence that followed, the heavy breathing of the
spectators could be heard. Clearly this demonstration of feminine
power had stirred the passions of more than the two participants.
Mistress withdrew the dildo allowing Stephanie to slump exhausted
to the floor. Master Jack turned off the Camera and led a rousing
round of applause. While everyone was congratulating Mistress
Rachel for a magnificent performance, Mistress Chris told me," Go
to Stephanie and comfort her."

     I went to where Stephanie lay and sat beside her on the floor.
Taking her across my lap, I hugged her to my chest and tenderly
wiped away the tears which streaked down her cheeks. Softly I
reassured her," There, there, it's all right now honey. I'm sure
that you pleased Mistress." She lay passively in my arms taking
such solace from my words that her quiet sobbing soon ceased. I
bent my head and kissed her lightly on the lips.

     " How cute you two look together!" I heard Master Jack say
sarcastically. Startled out of my peacefulness by this unexpected
remark, I looked up to see him standing there with his camera
running again. Mistress Rachel held a Video cassette in her hand

and I assumed that Master Jack had reloaded the camera with a fresh
cassette. The others were gathering to watch as he ordered,"
Continue slaves I want to film you two making love." I glanced
quickly at Mistress Chris hoping for a reprieve, only to receive a
nod indicating her agreement with that command. While I had been
forced into bisexual acts before, I presumed that Stephanie was a
virgin to such things and so I would try to make this as
pleasurable as possible.

     With warm, wet kisses and tender caresses; I slowly unbuttoned
her dress and slipped it off. I next undid her bra and began
licking and suckling her nipples until she became sexually excited.
Now naked except for garter belt, hose and heels; this arousal was
clearly evident by the exposed erect cock. I reached down and
stroked the cock a few times before standing to strip off my
blouse, skirt and panties. I left my bra on as it pushed my breasts
up so nicely.

     Stephanie reached up to slip his fingers through my nipple
rings, sending painful excitement through my body. I pressed my
cock to her lips and with only a slight hesitation she took it into
her mouth. Despite her lack of experience, she began to tongue the
head and suck gently as if she'd done it many times. I knew that
with the pain from my nipples and the pleasure from my cock, I
would shortly come in the pretty mouth servicing me. Mistress
Rachel, sitting nearby fingering her pussy, must have recognized
this also and used hand signals to direct us into the 69 position
with me on top.  She wanted to prolong our performance as visual
stimulation while she brought herself to another climax.

     Once in the 69 position, with a cock scant inches from my face,
the next part was obvious. I took the cock into my mouth and began
sucking it, as Stephanie was already doing to mine. When I felt my
climax was imminent, I slipped a finger into her ass. this brought
both of us to simultaneous orgasm. As we milked the last drops from
each other's cocks, I noticed Mistress Chris motioning for us to
kneel with open mouths displaying their contents for the camera. I
helped Stephanie to her knees and we knelt holding hands while
Master Jack filmed away. When the signal was given for us to
swallow our mouthfuls, we did. Stephanie had just swallowed her
first semen, and it was mine! I was also proud to be the recipient of
her 'Maiden' blow job. Taking her face in my hands I kissed her
deeply. The degrading spectacle we'd endured together, had created
a warm bond between us that was mutually felt.


     Mistress Rachel ordered Stephanie, " Crawl over here bitch
and you may now lick my pussy." She crawled on hands and knees to
obey her Mistress. I struggled to my feet and gathered up my
clothes. Mistress Chris came to me and said," I'm so proud of you
Slut. You behaved magnificently." She kissed me lightly on the
cheek, causing me to beam with pride. I'd brought joy to my
Mistress!

     Sir William came over to us and asked Mistress Chris if she
wanted to go to bed with him. She replied," Why yes Sir, I'd love
to."  Oblivious to my presence, they left hand in hand to find a
bedroom. Finding their departure difficult to watch, I looked back
to see Stephanie licking pussy with Slave fucking her from behind.
Slave's hands were pinching her nipples controlling the pace of the
action. She was trapped on the same hideous ride I'd experienced
myself. I knew how tormented she must be feeling and pity for her
filled my heart. I wanted to intervene, but knew that would be a
very foolish act.

     Mistress Zelda interrupted my indecisive thoughts by calling,"
Slut, come with me." Still carrying my clothes, I followed her
respectfully to a bedroom. Cunt was laying naked on the bed when we
walked into the bedroom. Noticing my surprise, Mistress Zelda
informed me," I want to fuck her using you as a go-between, but
first I must freshen up my marks on your ass. Assume the position
Slut."  Draping my clothes across a chair, I knelt on the bed
between Cunt's widely spread legs. Mistress commanded," Lick her
pussy Slut." Replying," Yes Mistress.", I used my fingers to spread
her nether lips and put my tongue to work. With my face buried in
my work, my bare ass was exposed for Mistress Zelda's signature.

     Knowing what to expect this time, I was determined not to cry
out. To help myself endure the lash quietly, I forced my tongue as
deeply into Cunt's pussy as possible; bringing my mouth into firm
contact with her vulva. Basically, I was using her bottom as a gag
to at least muffle any sounds I might make. My body quivered in
fearful anticipation.

     CRACK, CRACK, CRACK! Three swift strokes with her whip and my
right cheek was properly marked. With scarcely a pause, another
three lashes were applied on my left cheek. Without even looking at
my rear, I knew the new Z's had been placed precisely on top of the
previous ones. Mistress Zelda was an expert with her whip!

     My plan had worked! No sound escaped that could be heard,

although Cunt could certainly feel each lashing stroke transmitted
to her through my tongue. My ass felt like it was on fire, but I
continued lapping away. Cunt was quite aroused by now, and
strangely enough...so was I. The tension, submission and the oral
sex had gotten my cock erect again! Amazing since I had already
come so recently. Mistress Zelda fastened a cock ring around my
cock to ensure that my erection would remain until it had served
her purpose.

     Mistress lifted my face and kissed me on the mouth, savoring
Cunt's juices there, before guiding my cock into the orally
prepared vagina. This was fantastic! At last I was going to get to
fuck someone at one of these parties. Mistress climbed behind me
and began forcing her well greased, strap-on dildo into my ass.
When it was fully inserted, she reached around and grasped my
nipple rings. She softly said," I know your nipples are still very
tender, but move perfectly with me and the pain will be minimal."
This seemed a gentle gesture on her part, so I gratefully uttered,"
Yes Mistress, I will try very hard to do so."

     She started fucking me with slow strokes, each thrust in my
ass resulted in a corresponding move by my cock in Cunt's pussy. My
ass remained pressed closely against Mistress's body as she and I
moved as a single person. Mistress was using me as a human dildo;
a mere extension of her rubber one! I was unable to ejaculate due
to the ring which kept my cock painfully engorged; and despite my
craving for release, could only continue my intermediary role until
Mistress was satisfied. Cunt was thrashing and bucking wildly, her
breath coming in gasps as we brought her to orgasm after thundering
orgasm. She was kept in this state of frantic arousal for a long
time before Mistress had her own orgasm and was satisfied.

     Mistress released my nipple rings, withdrew her dildo and
pushed me aside to embrace Cunt. They were kissing and caressing
each other as I stood by the bed watching. My nipples were
throbbing; my ass sore and oozing lubricant; and my cock still
painfully engorged stuck straight out! I felt horribly used,
unfulfilled, and exhausted. Mistress looked up and ordered," Leave
us Slut." I replied," Yes Mistress Zelda.", and returned to the
Living Room.

     Walking into the Living Room I saw Mistress Goddess sitting on
the couch, with her legs spread and Stephanie licking her pussy.
Poor Stephanie had certainly been through a lot her first night of
slavery. Mistresss spied me instantly noticing my erection, which

was quite apparent since I was only wearing my bra, garter belt,
hose and heels. "Come here Slut." she demanded adding, " I have a
use for that." I had been hoping for a little rest, but answered,
"Yes Mistress Goddess." and went to her. "Lie on your back on the
floor." she ordered me as she pushed Stephanie away from her
crotch. I complied and she straddled my body and lowered herself
onto my vertical cock.

     Mistress began riding my cock as if she hadn't had one inside
her in years. She told Stephanie," Come lay by us and kiss Slut
while I enjoy my ride." Stephanie did just that, kissing me on the
mouth. As our tongues met she tasted of come and pussy, as I was
sure I did also. While the kisses had been commanded by Mistress to
start with, there was a warmth and caring about them that signified
a genuine desire on both our parts. When Mistress Goddess was
satisfied and departed we continued to kiss and embrace each other
until we fell into exhausted slumber.

     The sleeping part of the night is always short at these
parties, and it was not long before I awoke to find myself still
embracing Stephanie. Mistress Rachel was standing there smiling
down at us. " Did you two girls sleep well?" she asked sweetly.
We both nodded dumbly, suddenly feeling awkward about embracing
each other. What had seemed so natural last night, seemed perverse
in the morning light. We separated and stood before Mistress. She
noticed my still swollen cock and taking pity on me removed the
ring. " Get cleaned up girls and fix your makeup. You look like
hell." she stated. Undoubtedly a very true statement, as we'd both
been through a lot in the last twelve hours!

     We hurried into the bathroom to quickly shower and redo our
makeup before there was a mad rush by the others to use these
facilities. Stephanie and I had just stepped out of the shower when
she looked at my cock, which was gradually returning to it's normal
color. She whispered to me," Would you like me to suck you off
now?"  That sounded very appealing to me since I had so much
intercourse without release last night, but wisely declined with a
warning about the consequences of recreational sex by slaves. Our
sexual activities were strictly controlled by the Dominant ones.
Stephanie nodded her agreement, but her eyes had tears in them.

     We went back out to Mistress Rachel who had been joined by
several other people. Slave M handed us frilly aprons to wear and
led us to the kitchen where we helped her fix breakfast. Twink and
Cunt soon arrived and joined us. Cunt delivered a tray of freshly

filled coffee cups to the Doms assembled in the Living room. As she
walked out of the Kitchen the Z's on her rear were clearly visible.
Twink was joined with Becky in setting the table; they both bore
the marks of Mistress Zelda's whipcraft on their behinds too.

     Finally, the last to make their appearance, my beautiful
Mistress Chris, Master Jack, and Sir William emerged from their
bedroom to join the others. A naked and very bedraggled Slave
followed wearily behind them. He clearly had been busy all night.
Mistress Chris was positively glowing with sexual satisfaction.
While I would never know what occurred in that room, she'd
obviously enjoyed it tremendously. How I wished that I'd been a
part of pleasing her directly instead of being used by others while
she played.

     The Masters and Mistresses chatted happily during breakfast as
the slaves served them. They discussed how well the film session
had gone and all the fun they'd had last night. While they relaxed
after a good breakfast Mistress Rachel mentioned that she had an
announcement to make. All conversation ceased as she stood up. She
said, " I have decided to change the names of my slaves. Stephanie
has demonstrated her worthiness to enter my stable by her
performance last night. She will now be called 'slave four' as her
official slave name. Slave will henceforth be known as 'slave
nine.' I chose this name because of his nine inch cock and due to
his lengthy faithful service has earned a higher number than my
newest slave." The Dom's applauded and congratulated the slaves on
their new titles. Slave four was actually blushing as everyone
looked at her.

     When the commotion died down Mistress Chris said," Now I need
a nap. Becky come with me, you can be my teddy bear to cuddle with
while I sleep." Taking her by the Hand Mistress Chris led her off
to the bedroom. I felt bad that she hadn't chosen me to cuddle up
with. Being around the Dominants seemed to make her forget I
existed, except when she needed Slut to perform slave chores. This
was so unfair; after all I had endured to please her, I deserved
some consideration.

     Master John, Sir William and Mistress Goddess took Cunt to
with them as they left presumably to sleep. Mistress Rachel told
slave four, " Draw your Mistress a nice bubble bath and you may
bathe me." Four quickly left to carry out this pleasant task. It
had been one thing he had been hoping for even when he was still
Steve, which now seemed a lifetime ago.

     Mistress Zelda remained to supervise the cleanup chores being
performed by the remaining slaves. When the Kitchen was cleaned and
the dishes washed Mistress allowed slave nine to curl up on the
floor and take a nap. Twink, M and I ran the vacuum and generally
tidied up the place under the watchful eye of Mistress Zelda. She
even had us wash, dry and iron our clothes so our appearance would
be suitable for the night's activities.

      When our cleaning duties were completed Mistress Zelda
summoned Twink to kneel between her legs and give her clit some
oral attention. She ordered," M and Slut make love to each other,
I wish to be amused." This was an order I was delighted to obey;
I'd wanted to have sex with M ever since I first laid eyes on her
naked body! She must have felt the same way by her warm responses
to my caresses. Mistress allowed us to progress at our own pace
without giving directions or interruptions. She was involved with
Twink's tongue and preferred watching us as her personal porno
show. That was fine with me, for the first time in this group I was
making love to a woman as a man!

     What a joy it was to engage in warm, tender loving after all
the rapes and forced perversion we slaves had been through.
Concentrating on each others pleasure, M and I were able to ignore
our surroundings and the increasing audience as the room began to
fill with people emerging from the bedrooms. It was as if we were
the only people in the world, moving to a wonderful rhythm of
romantic sexual delight.  Achieving our mutually desired
simultaneous orgasm, we continued kissing and caressing each other.
I wanted to be with her all night, and would have had this been a
regular swinger's party.

     Our state of blissful contentment was quickly shattered by
Master Jack ordering," Becky clean M's pussy, it's full of
disgusting slave come." Becky replied," Yes Master Jack.", and
scurried across the room. Pushing me aside, she lay between M's
legs and lapped up the come I'd so recently deposited there. As I
stood up to get out of the way Mistress Rachel said," Slave four
lick Slut clean, she needs it too." I knew that Mistress didn't
care about my cleanliness, but was merely using this opportunity to
demonstrate her complete control of her newest slave. Slave four
didn't sound as sweet as the name Stephanie had, but now fully
dressed and made up she still looked as feminine. Looking down at
the pretty face that was licking my cock and hairless balls, I
found it almost unbelievable that this was the same person who had
arrived here as Steve. A man who had lived totally straight all his

life was licking my male parts while dressed as a woman and loving
it! The Masters and Mistresses were experts at converting normal
people into their devoted slaves.

     Slave nine was preparing to cook steaks on the grill while
Cunt was preparing the rest of the supper. Twink and slave four
were ordered to assist them. Mistress Zelda told me," Get yourself
dressed and ready to go Slut." I replied " Yes Mistress Zelda.",
feeling very grateful for the gift of normal sex with M she'd given
me. I did wonder about her use of the word go, but realized that
her plans would be revealed when it pleased her to do so. I washed
myself, touched up my makeup, fixed my hair and put on my freshly
laundered outfit. Checking my appearance in the full length mirror,
I decided that I did look like a pretty girl. I was 'ready'!

     The Dom's were finished eating by the time I rejoined the
group. They were enjoying their after dinner cocktails and casual
conversation. The slaves were eating hot dogs in the Kitchen. Slave
four fixed me a plate of food and we ate in silence, listening to
the conversation coming in from the Dining Room. We were trying to
pick up clues about any wild plans the Dom's had for the evening.
While we had no choice in the matter, we were curious none the
less.

     Mistress Rachel announced," It's movie night at the Club
tonight, Zelda and I want to take Slut and slave four down there.
It should be a fun time, anyone else care to join us?" Mistress
Chris replied," No thanks Rachel, Jack and I have already made
plans involving slave nine and some deliciously kinky stuff."
Sir William also declined saying," I'll pass too. Goddess and I
will take care of the other slaves." He laughed and added," Between
us we can think of something to amuse ourselves!" They all laughed
at this last remark. They were sure there would be no lack of
creativity with Sir William and Goddess in collaboration.

     "The Club?" I'd never heard of the Club, obviously the Dom's
all had, even slave nine had rolled his eyes at the mention of the
place. I wanted to ask him about what kind of place it was, but
knew that even if I whispered the question, it would not be
answered. Nine was far too obedient to misbehave even in private.
No need to press the issue, I'd find out soon enough.

     Mistress Zelda summoned slave four and I. She had us fetch her
and Mistress Rachel's coats. I put my cape on and slave was given
a shawl to throw over her bare shoulders. The Mistresses led the

way out to Zelda's van, where they sat in front and four and I took
our places in the back seats. The Mistresses were talking calmly
but were obviously anticipating an exciting evening. Four held my
hand, nervously seeking some support, as we drove towards the
unknown.

     The Club turned out to be a bar in the city. Judging by the
nearly full parking lot, the place must crowded. Mistress Zelda
expertly wheeled into an empty space in a dimly lit part of the
lot. She and Mistress Rachel strode into the bar full of self-assurance,
with four and I following timidly behind. This was our first time
in a public place dressed as women, so our hesitance was
understandable. Our Mistresses had sternly warned us to be very
obedient to avoid embarrassing them in front of their friends. The
implied threat of punishment for any infraction was enough to
overcome our nervousness, so we dutifully followed them into the
bar.

     The doorman recognized the Mistresses and respectfully led us
to a table near the dance floor with a reserved sign on it.
Removing the sign, he signaled for a waitress. Mistress Zelda
pulled out my chair and helped me get seated. She was treating me
as her girlfriend. I noticed Mistress Rachel was doing the same for
slave four. The waitress came to take our orders. Mistress Zelda
ordered a shot and a beer for herself, a whiskey sour for Mistress
Rachel and then told the waitress," Bring our bitches each a glass
of white wine." The waitress smiled knowingly and left to fill the
order.

     Soon she returned with our drink order and after setting the
drinks in place asked," Will there be anything else Zelda?"
Mistress reached into her coat pocket, pulled out two video
cassettes and handed them to the waitress saying," Give these to
George for his contest." The waitress looked at four and I, and
grinning broadly, nodded her affirmation of the request. I suddenly
realized what those tapes were. They were the ones made last night
by Master Jack. Four and I were the stars of one and his subjection
rape on the other! Slave four must have come to the same decision
and nervously sipped his wine, while I was gulping mine.

     We sat watching the dancers on the floor. Men danced with
women, women danced with women and even a few men danced with other
men. No wonder I had never heard of this place! Many people wore
leather garb, with most of the rest wearing lacy frilly things.
This was like no place I had ever been before! It was a leather bar

inhabited by those into that scene.

     Mistress Zelda looked at us and ordered," Slaves go to the
Lady's Room, remove your panties and bring them back to us." We
stared in shocked immobility for a few seconds before answering in
unison," Yes Mistress." Slave four and I left holding hands as we
made our way to no-mans land. We felt everyone in the place knew
where we were headed, but few paid any attention to us. In this
land of the bizzarre we didn't seem that unusual. The Lady's was
located at the end of the room in a short hallway next to the Men's
room. Two men were leaning against the wall kissing passionately as
we squeezed by them to enter our assigned destination.

     For the first time in my life I was inside the ladies john.
Other than the absence of urinals, the main difference seemed to be
more stalls and a bigger counter for fixing makeup. Anxious to
leave this off-limits area, we quickly entered stalls and pulled
off our panties. While there I decided to urinate. Knowing that
standing to do so would be a dead giveaway if anyone was to walk
in, I sat on the stool and relieved myself. By the sounds from the
next stall four was doing the same thing.

     We exited the stalls nearly simultaneously, washed our hands,
and turned to leave. Two Biker Babes blocked our exit, standing
between us and the door they had just entered. My panties suddenly
felt very heavy in my hand. The big cigar smoking Babe asked," You
two are with Zelda aren't you?". Politely I answered," Yes
Mistress.", a response that was an automatic reflex by now. I
didn't mean anything but respect by using the title Mistress, but
it offended her. She snarled," I am not a Mistress, but I am a very
mean bitch that you don't want to anger!" The other Babe
suggested," Maybe we should check them out to see if they are real
girls or merely sissies invading our domain." The big one nodded
and ordered us to lift our skirts. The real fear of recieving
physical pain from these two hard Biker Babes overcame the
humiliation of doing as demanded and we shyly raised our hems to
expose our shaven privates. The Babes laughed at our discomfort,
ridiculed our inadequate equipment, even discussed stripping us
naked and handcuffing us in stalls. " Maybe some of the other
ladies would find them amusing." the smaller one said.

     Slave four and I were really frightened now, as they seemed to
seriously be considering some very drastic actions. The big one
shook her head slowly saying," No they are Zelda's slaves and even
though it might be fun to teach them a lesson, the resulting

confrontation with her would not be worth it." She stepped aside
and said," You two sissies had better get the hell out of here
right now." We dropped our hems down, and hurried out of the
bathroom as fast as our heels would allow. Had we not belonged to
Mistress Zelda, I shudder to think of what may have befallen us.

     Mistresses Zelda and Rachel looked very good indeed as we
returned to our table. They were our lifeline in this place, since
both four and I now realized how dependant we were on their
protection. I laid my pink panties before Mistress Zelda as four
was doing the same with his black panties for Mistress Rachel. The
Mistresses spread them out to display them for all to see. I
blushed crimson fully aware that anyone seeing them would know that
my bottom was bare! Four stared meekly down, unable to look at
people who knew he was being so humbled.

     The music stopped, the lights dimmed, and a big screen
television set came on. A voice on the public address system
announced that it was time for the Amateur Video Contest to begin.
The crowd grew quiet as the first movie began to play. It was a
crudely made, short movie of a Biker fucking his babe as she leaned
across his Harley. The second video showed a lesbian couple making
love. The third one showed the big Biker Babe we'd run into in the
Lady's room whipping some gal with her belt. It was very brutal,
but drew quite a few hoots and cheers from the Biker element of the
crowd. Her slashing strokes were very crude compared with Mistress
Zelda's artistry. I couldn't watch, thinking how close to being on
the receiving end of similar treatment I'd been earlier.

     The strains of Bolero began playing and drew my attention back
to the screen. The quality of the filming was very superior to
anything previously shown. Master Jack knew his craft. Even though
I'd witnessed the actual performance in person; on the screen it
seemed far more sensuous. The crowd was mesmerized, watching in
silence until the thundering creshendo's of the finale brought them
to their feet cheering and yelling bravo!

    It must have taken ten minutes for the crowd to settle down
enough to begin the next film. This was the video showing Stephanie
and I making love. Slave four held my hand as we watched ourselves
on the screen. Despite its being a command performance, it showed
us making love instead of merely having sex. I had felt tenderness
while doing it, but hadn't realized how clearly it showed. I
squeezed four's hand gently to indicate my affectionate support and
recieved a shy smile in return. When this video ended there was

polite applause instead of the rauccus uproar of it's predessor. It
had been sensuously intense, but lacked the brutality and force to
enflame this crowd.

     When the prizes were awarded Mistress Rachel's didlo rape of
Stephanie won first prize. The one of Stephanie and I took second
place. The Biker Bitch took third place. George, the owner of the
place, awarded the prizes; $50 cash for first place, $25 for second
place and $10 for third. Mistress Rachel collected her prize and
she and slave four took bows acknowledging the applause from the
crowd. Mistress Zelda collected the second place money and had four
and I curtsy to the crowd. The Biker Babe collected her prize with
a very subdued girl at her side. Brutality and fear were Biker
Babe's means of controlling her slave.

     The music resumed and people started dancing again. George had
sent over another round of drinks to our table as additional thanks
for the choice movies Mistress had entered. These Amateur Video
nights were a big money maker for him and he was thrilled to have
quality material in his contest. Mistress Zelda nodded her thanks
to him and gave a toast to our Victory.

     A large, hairy-chested, bearded man wearing jeans and a
leather vest with no shirt came to our table. His arms were heavily
tattooed, giving him the appearance of a cliche' character from a
Biker film. He kissed Mistress Rachel's hand respectfully and
said," Congratulations Rachel, you make great movies." Mistress
Rachel acknowledged the compliment with a modest nod saying,"
You're too kind Spike, but thank you." Spike moved to Mistress
Zelda and asked," Zelda may I dance with your bitch?" She shrugged
her shoulders and replied," Of course Spike old buddy, be my
guest."

     Spike took me by the hand and led me onto the dance floor and
pulled me close to him. I was very inexperienced in dancing
backwards in heels, but his sheer bulk guided me across the floor
with amazing smoothness. His hand went under my skirt and he
fondled my bare buns as we danced. I tried to quietly protest but,
his other hand forced my head to his hairy chest to quiet me.
"Ssshh, relax baby I won't hurt you." he whispered reassuringly.
His hand worked around to my front and he started massaging my cock
while kissing lightly on my neck. Regardless of his revolting
appearance, I found myself getting very turned on by his expert
manual manipulation. When he kissed me full on the mouth, I
returned it warmly; like the slut I'd become!

     The song ended and Spike led back to our table with my
erection stiffly forming a bulge in the front of my skirt. I had
been on the brink of orgasm and wished the song had gone on for a
few more seconds. Spike just laughed at my predicament saying,"
That's one hot bitch you have Zelda." Mistress replied," Yes, she
can be quite a pleasurable toy." Spike asked," Can I take her home
with me Zelda? I'll bring her back in a few days when I'm finished
with her." The thought of being at the mercy of this brute for days
struck terror in my heart! Fortunately Mistress Zelda answered,"
Spike you know I would share her with you gladly, but she's not my
personal property. I have borrowed her myself from Mistress Chris
and she might take offense if I gave her slave away without her
permission." Spike understood this reasoning, being a Master
himself, and shrugged saying," Maybe another time, baby." He sat on
my chair and pulled me onto his lap asking," Is it ok to play with
her here Zelda?"

     Mistress replied that it would be fine and took Mistress
Rachel out to dance with her. Slave four was dancing with the Biker
Bitch, who had lifted four's dress exposing the bare bottom
underneath. Four looked desperate to escape from the grasp of this
sadistic woman, probably an indication of the threats being made by
his partner. Spike lifted me easily with one arm and used his other
hand to open his fly. He lowered my asshole onto his erection and
quietly ordered me," Wiggle your ass to the music bitch." This was
incredible in a public place; he was fucking my ass in the middle
of a crowd! If anyone noticed they gave no indication of it.

    His rough hands unbuttoned my blouse and he pulled on my
nipple rings to keep me in tempo with the music. He sat very still
and I was forced to squirm quite vigorously to bring him to climax.
He had gotten quite turned on during our dance also, as he came
quickly. After he filled my insides with his come; he lifted me off
his lap, zipped his fly and left without a word of thanks. I
buttoned my blouse up and longed to make a dash for the bathroom.
Which bathroom would I use? The ladies room held too much fear for
me to risk that again: and if Spike was any indication, the men's
room might be even worse! My uncertainty kept me riveted to my
chair with his come oozing slowly out of me.

     Mistresses Zelda and Rachel returned followed shortly by Biker
Babe bringing slave four back to our table. Biker Babe thanked
Mistress Rachel saying," Thanks for the use of your slave, maybe
sometime I can borrow her for more serious play." Mistress Rachel
replied," You're welcome to the dance dear, but I don't think that

it will be possible for you to use her until I am completely
through with her. You tend to leave your slaves in very poor
condition and unusable." Biker Babe snorted," You're just to soft
to be a Mistress Rach; you need to rule with an iron hand not a
velvet glove." She swiveled around on the heel of her boot and
stormed off. Slave four heaved a mighty sigh of relief as she
departed and Mistress Rachel put her arm around four to comfort
her. Four was obviously shaken by her encounter with that brutish,
menacing woman.

     Mistress Zelda announced," Spike would like to use Slut for a
gang bang with his boys." She looked into my eyes and asked," Would
you like that Slut?" I earnestly replied," Oh no Mistress, please
not that! Please!" Being gang raped by that group of brutes was too
horrible to contemplate. At least in our group the rapes came
singly and weren't overly violent. Mistress Zelda smiled and said,"
I thought not and told him another time perhaps, but we had to be
going now." Relief flooded throughout me so fully I would have
kissed her ass on the spot; had it been permitted or requested.
Mistress Rachel said," We'd better leave then, we don't want Spike
and his crew to think we're slighting them." Slave four and I
nodded our hearty agreement with that suggestion. We were only too
eager to leave this hazardous place.

     Mistress Zelda took my arm in hers as a sign of ownership and
led me through the crowd towards the door. Mistress Rachel and
slave four were right behind us, also arm in arm. Spike was making
kissing motions with his lips at me as we passed his table. Several
of his gang clutched at their crotches as a promise of things to
come. I felt safe with Mistress Zelda protecting me and was able to
retain my composure even in the face of the menacing gang. Slave
four actually trembled when the Biker Babe said," Someday you'll be
mine baby." as we passed her table. The prospect of falling into
the clutches of that visciously sadistic Bull Dyke was clearly an
unerving idea. She must have told four some frightening things
while dancing.

     Out in the open, the cool night air felt very clean; even
though it chilled my bare bottom. The sense of relief was
overwhelming when we reached the security of the van. Slave four
and I were so thrilled to leave the hellish environment of the Club
behind us that we hugged each other closely in the back seat. The
Mistresses seemed to have enjoyed their evening; chatting happily
about their video's triumphant victories. Of course they had not
felt the oppressively threatening aura of impending doom that four

and I had been exposed to. They knew how vulnerable we had felt and
it amused them to act as our protectors. Our gratitude for such
protection would increase our dependance on them and therefore
enhance our willingness to serve as slaves.

     We arrived at Master Jack's house, where we were admitted by
slave M. I relished the sight of her nude body, remembering fondly
our lovemaking session earlier in the day. It felt good to be back
in familiar company again! I made a mad dash to the bathroom to
relieve myself and clean my ass which was still oozing Spike's
come. Anything reminding me of my experience in the Club was
intolerable.

    Upon my return to the living room, Mistress Chris greeted me
with," Did you have a good time Slut?". All the built up tension of
the evening came back in a rush of overwhelming emotions. Tears
were running down my cheeks as I slowly shook my head no. Mistress
came to me, took my hand and led me off to a bedroom. Once in
private, she had me strip naked and get in the bed. She lay beside
me and started caressing and comforting me. As I sobbed openly,
Mistress chris began to masturbate me. She kissed me tenderly and
gently tongued my nipple rings, while continuing to massage my
cock. Her genuine care for my feelings helped lift my spirits. She
seemed more like my loving wife than Mistress Chris at the moment.
I was in heaven!

     My sobbing ceased as my passion increased. Soon my hips were
thrusting to aid her manual manipulation to bring me to orgasm. My
cock was spurting warm semen onto my stomach and Mistress milked it
of every last drop. When I slumped back on the pillow, my passion
spent, Mistress used her hand to scoop up my come and force it into
my mouth. A Mistress could let down the barriers between herself
and her slave for a brief time without risking loss of control.
Even as I licked her hand clean, I was thankful for the caring
comfort she'd displayed tonight. Regardless of how much she enjoyed
playing the Mistress Chris role; she really loved me! I loved her
more than life itself!

     She rolled me on my side and cuddled up closely behind me, her
wonderful breasts pressed against my back. She whispered softly,"
Sleep well Slut, I'll take you home in the morning." Thus assured
of not being forced into any more slave duties tonight, I drifted
off into a contented, dreamless sleep. All was right in my world!




Subject: Story-Date Night6


This is the Last of 6 stories inthe Date Night Series. It was written
for the enjoyment of adults only.  If you read these stories, I would
appreciate any comments about them. Send them to 4playd@comcast.net

    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                     DATE NIGHT 6

                     Written by 4play

     It was one of our regularly scheduled Date Nights tonight, and
usual on these occasions I was both excited and nervous. We had
originally set up these "special" nights to fulfill my desires for
some of the wilder aspects of sex. My wife Chris had quickly
discovered that she enjoyed the power of being totally in charge,
and our sex play had become Her exercise of power. She used me as
her sissy sex slave to satisfy her every whim. While I had some
fantasies of being submissive to her, I hadn't realized that once
she experienced being Domme, she would turn that into a permanent
part of our lives.

     Chris had come home from work, and immediately went into her
Domme role ordering me to go take a shower and get cleaned up. "I
am having company tonight, and I don't want to have an unkempt
slave hanging around!" she announced. I humbly replied, "yes
Mistress" and hurried off to get cleaned up.

     While showering and getting all cleaned up and ready, I
wondered who she had invited this time. Once before she had invited
a guy from a BBS named Brian to come over and they used and abused
me, humiliating me while they had great sex. I suspected that this
would be another such evening, a prospect I dreaded. By the time I
finished getting cleaned up, I realized that Chris had not given me
any directions as what to wear and decided to go ask her. Wrapping
a towel around me, I went back to the area where Chris was playing
computer games. Just as I got there, the door bell rang. Without
even turning around to see how I was dressed, Chris ordered,"
Answer the door slave".

     I went to the door embarrassed to be wearing only a towel, but
not wanting to anger Chris. Upon opening the door I recognized Pat,
a lady we had met last week at a party. She and Chris had chatted
privately for some time and Chris had told me on the way home that
she really liked Pat. It was obvious that they had discussed our
Date Nights and that Chris had invited her over to share an evening
dominating me. Maintaining my composure, I welcomed Pat and
escorted her to Chris.

     Chris got up and they hugged each other. Pat seemed a bit
nervous, telling Chris that she had never had a chance to play a
Dominant role before. Chris reassured her saying," Don't worry
about it a bit dear, You can't do anything wrong tonight. Whatever
you want my slave will do." Pat, looking somewhat dubious,
said;"Really? Anything??" Chris nodded yes.

     Pat turned to me and said," Drop that towel slave, let me see
you naked." This surprised me, coming so suddenly with no working
up to it; but I immediately dropped the towel from my body and
stood naked before the ladies. Pat grinned at my obedience. She was
going to enjoy being a mistress!

     Chris told me to get them some wine and went into the family
room to sit and chat. I filled two wine goblets with a nice white
wine and delivered them to the ladies. Pat said," Chris you have a
nice servant here". Chris replied,"It's not too bad as a maid
either!" and laughed. " Can we do that? Dress him as a maid??" Pat
asked. Chris assuredly said,"Certainly my dear. Tonight we can do
anything we want!" Chris looked at me standing naked awaiting their
pleasure and asked me," Isn't that right slave?" I bowed my head
and answered," Yes Mistress".

     Pat reached her hand out and fondled my clean shaven balls.
"I've never seen a man's privates shaved before, they look kind
cute that way!" She said. "Much less menacing than those hairy
things men are so proud of." She added. Chris nodded her agreement
remarking,"Yes indeed, my slave keeps his body bald at my
insistence. It takes him time to shave it and serves as a constant
reminder of his slave status. That hairless body is very easily
feminized."

     Pat seemed very impressed by Chris's confident attitude and my
submissiveness. "This is very interesting, I'd like to find out
more about what your slave will do, how you got such control and
many other things." Pat said. She then asked,"Can we talk in
private for a bit?" Chris said, "Of course Dear, perhaps the hot
tub would be a comfortable place." Chris told me to fetch them some
towels. I quickly got the towels and when I delivered them was
told,"We are going to be alone for a bit, meanwhile get into your
'slut' outfit and start fixing supper." I murmured, "Yes Mistress."
and left to obey my orders.

     "Damn!" I thought to myself, "I'd hoped for a quiet evening at
home tonight serving my Mistress." It was now obvious that I was
going to be put through the hoops by two ladies tonight. As I got
into my 'slut' apparel, I knew the Ladies were planning my ordeal.
What they had in mind I didn't know, but felt safe in assuming that
my pleasure was in no way involved in their considerations.

     Since I had shaved my body during my shower, getting into my
'slut' outfit went rather quickly. I painted my toenails first then
began applying my makeup. Chrism preferred a wanton, whorish
appearance in her sissy slave; so I used the blue eyeshadow, lots
of rouge, gaudy red lipstick and the long fake eyelashes to achieve
the desired effect. When the mascara was liberally brushed on the
long lashes my face looked very slutty indeed. I put on some big
hoop earrings and then the wig. It was a blonde wig styled to give
me the look of a bimbo.

     I rolled the black mesh nylons onto my hairless legs and
secured them to my garter belt. Next I put on the black, padded bra
and slipped into the white blouse with the puffy sleeves. It's low
cut neckline would make my nipples easily accessible. If past
experience was any indication, I expected that they would be
getting quite a workout this evening. Deciding to leave the black
lacy panties off, I stepped into my black mini-skirt. It barely
covered my privates, coming only to mid-thigh. I knew that with any
bending I would be exposed unless I moved very primly.

     My transformation was nearly complete now, so I stepped into
my high heeled shoes. They had 4" heels and had taken me some time
to learn to walk in. Chris had me wearing them every Date Night
weekend though, and now I could manage quite well in them. A quick
spray of cheap perfume, and I was ready for the final step. I
always waited until last to glue on the fake fingernails. Their
length made the other transformation steps too difficult. Once they
were in place, I painted them the same garish red as my toenails.
While they dried, I studied myself in the full-length mirror. The
image was perfect, I looked like a blonde floozy....just the way
Chris liked her sissy slave!

     Figuring that the ladies would be ready for a refill of their
wine glasses, I put on my lacy white apron and went out to the Hot
Tub to get their glasses. "Oooh, how nicely slutty your maid looks
now!" said Pat. Chris just smiled and responded,"Thanks, She is a
tramp, but serves me well." They both laughed making me feel even
more embarrassed. Chris's penchant for having me dressed this way
when in my slave role was bad enough in front of her alone, but was
more than doubly humiliating in the presence of Pat. Executing a
dainty curtsy I asked,"Would the Ladies care to have their drinks
refilled?" They both held up their empty glasses, which I took and
went to refill them. As I left their snickering sent a shiver up my
spine. This evening seemed to be dedicated to my humiliation.

     When I returned with the refills, I had to squat demurely
keeping my knees together to hand them to the ladies. Pat reached
under my skirt and fondled my cock. "Her clitty is exited." she
remarked to Chris. She stroked me to full erection and then just as
I felt near to orgasm, sent me away with a tent-like bulge in my
skirt. Chris told me, "I laid out two nice steaks for tonight, fix
a couple of potatoes and a nice salad to go along with them Slut."
I replied,"Yes Mistress."

     The first thing I did was to light the gas grill to let it
heat up while I prepared the rest of the meal. Once the potatoes
were in the microwave oven, I made a large bowl of salad adding all
of Chris's favorite ingredients. When the salad was finished, I
took the two nice T-bone steaks and placed them on the grill.
leaving them to start cooking, I scurried back in the house to set
the table. I used the good dishes, crystal goblets, best silverware
and even linen napkins to make the table suitably attractive for
the ladies. I even lit two candles to make it seem more luxurious
before dashing back out to flip the steaks.

     "Mistress, Your supper will be ready in a few minutes." I
respectfully announced. Chris got out of the hot tub and had me
towel off her body. Pat also wanted the same service, which I of
course supplied. Being so close to two such delightful naked women
caused my erection to return. Pat laughed as she noticed my
reaction saying,"The poor slave is probably aching for some
relief." Chris responded,"Don't worry about Slut, that bitch will
get more sex than she wants later." they both laughed as they went
into the house. Retrieving the steaks from the grill, I followed
them inside.

     Chris asked,"What is this third place setting for Slut?" "Did
you presume that you were to dine with us?" Realizing that I had
messed up, I answered,"I had hoped so Mistress, but I will remove
the extra stuff immediately." As rapidly as possible I removed the
setting for my place at the table and stood by the table waiting to
be of service if needed. Chris and Pat chatted casually as they
ate, although there seemed to be a suppressed level of excitement
underlying everything. The wine they'd already consumed had
loosened up their inhibitions and they giggled frequently. My only
task was to refill their goblets once during the meal.

     When they were finished eating, Chris lit up a cigarette,
pushed back her chair and motioned for me to kneel. "That was a
good meal Slut, now I need to relax a bit...lick me." She ordered.
As she leaned back and spread her legs, I began to lick gently at
her vaginal lips. Slowly I worked my way to her clit licking and
sucking until she became aroused. Pat watching from behind
remarked,"Slut does have a nice ass." Chris said,"Yes She does, and
I would be honored if you would like to fuck it." Pat responded
with undisguised delight, "Wow, that would be something that I've
never done before! Lots of guys have tried to do anal sex on me and
I hate it! This is an unexpected pleasure to be able to shove
something up one of them. Could I really do that?" Chris said,"Of
course Dear, I told you that tonight you can do whatever you want
with my slave." Reaching over to hold Pat's hand she added,"You are
my guest tonight."

     Chris pulled my head away from her crotch and pointed towards
Pat. "Do her for a bit to warm her up." she commanded. I crawled
over to Pat and immediately began lapping at her bottom. Pat
responded rapidly, and actually reached orgasm before Chris
returned with the toys. Chris had inserted one end of a double
dildo into herself and was holding out the strap-on dildo to Pat.
"Come over here and suck my cock Slut" Chris demanded. With me on
my hands and knees in front of her, she shoved the fake cock past
my lipstick covered lips into my mouth. "That's my good little
cocksucking bitch." she praised as I sucked. Pat meanwhile had
strapped on the dildo harness and knelt behind me. Chris told her,
"Slut's sissy pussy is awfully tight, You'd better use some of that
Vaseline." Pat took the jar of Vaseline, and smeared my anus with
it liberally. She pushed one, then two greasy fingers inside of me
forcing the lubricant inside of me. The pain of the intrusion soon
was overcome with erotic sensations and I began to squirm. Chris
held my face in her hands, keeping my sucking going as Pat entered
my behind with her dildo. Pat relentlessly pushed the dildo further
in until it was up to the hilt. I was impaled both front and rear!

     Chris told Pat,"This bitch is easily controlled by her nipples
If you pinch them you can regulate her movements to suit you." Pat
pulled my blouse out from where it was tucked into my skirt,
unhooked my bra and pinched my nipples between her thumbs and
forefingers. Slowly she began thrusting and withdrawing, pulling my
rear to meet her thrusts by yanking on my nipples. This scene was
unbelievable! My mouth was being fucked by Chris while Pat was
fucking my ass and savaging my nipples. I was a helpless toy being
used for the ladies lustful pleasure.

     It seemed to take forever before both Pat and Chris reached
orgasm and they released me to collapse on the floor. I had a
throbbing erection and still had not climaxed. The ladies hugged
each other and Pat said," That was great! I don't know when I've
had so much fun!" Chris smiled and said." The night is still young
my dear, you may feel like doing it again. Remember anything you
desire Slut will do." They clinked their wine glasses together and
toasted to their night of pleasure.

     Chris told me,"Get this table cleaned off, and clean yourself
too. You look like a freshly fucked Slut!" They both giggled at the
obvious irony of that statement and walked out of the room. I
struggled to my feet, rehooked my bra, tucked in my blouse and
straightened the mini-skirt. It was bad enough being dressed like
this without being a disheveled mess. As soon as I had cleared the
table and loaded the dishwasher, I went into the small bathroom to
freshen my makeup. I washed my aching bottom to remove the slimy
stuff oozing out, even though I knew from past experience it would
continue to leak for quite some time. While still feeling very
humiliated, weary and sore at both ends; at least I looked
presentable again. Knowing that I shouldn't stay gone too long, I
returned to the Family room to find Chris and Pat sitting on the
couch conversing as if the recent events had never happened. They
had both freshened up their makeup and changed into something sexy.
This seemed strange to me, they surely weren't trying to impress me
with their appearance! It seemed to be a waste of energy if, as
they suggested earlier that there might be a repeat performance
later. While I was still puzzling over this strange behavior, the
door bell rang.

     Chris said sweetly,"Answer the door, will you Slut dear?"
Looking at the ladies expressions I knew that this had been planned
all along. They were expecting company, someone else to enjoy
degrading me! I dutifully went to the door and opened it. There
stood Brian with two other guys. They pushed their way past me as
Brian led them into the Family room to meet the ladies. I closed
the door and followed them.

     Brian was kissing Chris's hand and saying, "I'm so pleased you
called Chris. I see that Slut has responded well to your training."
Chris nodded her head in acknowledgement of his praise and
introduced Pat. "She is my friend and has been invited over for a
bit of play, we started without you." Both Chris and Pat chuckled
at this comment. Brian introduced his friends to the ladies. "The
smaller guy here is Wayne, I brought him as a date for Pat. This
big fellow is Jake, he is mostly gay and can be brutal so I figured
that he would be a perfect date for Slut." I gasped at this last
statement, I wasn't gay, or even bisexual. Jake's sheer size was
quickly turning this from a role playing game into a nightmare!

     Chris ordered," Get our dates some drinks Slut." Our dates!
Those words cut like a knife. It wasn't kinky enough for her to use
me as her sissy slave, now she had fixed me up as a date for a man.
I obediently took the drink orders and filled them, handing each
his drink with a dainty curtsy. Jake took his straight shot of
bourbon and downed it in a gulp, chasing it with a big swig of
beer. He let out with a loud belch, reached out his massive arm and
pulled me to him. He planted a big wet kiss on my mouth, forcing
his tongue inside me. I wanted to gag, and tried to pull away which
enraged him. "This bitch needs her spirit broken a bit." he
snarled, pulling me across his lap as he sat on a chair. Lifting my
skirt he began spanking my bare bottom. No pretend swats, these
were resounding whacks that stung and really hurt. I wriggled
trying to escape the blows, but his powerful arm pinned me in
place. After a half dozen blows to each cheek, he let me up and
asked,"You gonna play nice now babe? Or do you want some more?"
With tears streaming down my cheeks and sobbing, I muttered,"Yes
Sir, I'll do what you want."  I glanced through teary eyes at Chris
who was sitting necking with Brian and saw her smile. It had been
at my insistence that she tried being dominant and now she had
given me far more kinkiness than I ever dreamed possible. She felt
entitled to gloat a bit over the obvious regrets I now felt.

     Brian suggested,"Perhaps we should leave these two lovebirds
to get acquainted." Chris replied," I can hardly wait to get in bed
with you too Brian dear, but I'd kinda like to watch Slut please
Jake for awhile first. My dear husband wanted to be a woman, now I
want to see Her perform like one!" Pat added,"I want to watch this
too, please." Wayne who was fingering Pat's pussy nodded his
agreement. God! Not only was I going to be Jake's 'woman' tonight
but I was going to be forced to do it in front of Chris and the
others. There could be no greater humiliation imaginable!

     Jake stood up and gave me a deep kiss, fondling my sore bottom
with his rough hands. His body pressed against mine allowing me to
feel his erection. He knew that I was a man, but he wanted to have
sex with me while I was dressed as a woman. We kissed for a couple
of minutes before he ordered,"Undress me bitch, I'm going to give
more than ya ever had before!" My long painted fingernails fumbled
with his shirt buttons until I was able to slip it off exposing his
very hairy body. The revulsion I felt at having to undo his belt
and unzip his fly was overcome by the fear of what would happen if
I refused, so his pants were soon removed also. He looked more like
a hairy beast than a man, but the ladies applauded his enormous
cock. He gave a bow of mock modesty and then roughly pulled off my
blouse. His big hands were able to unhook and remove my bra with
surprising ease.

     Jake pushed gently down on my shoulders forcing me to kneel in
front of him. "Suck my dick Bitch" he ordered waving it in front of
my face. When I parted my lips and took the head into my mouth
Chris and Pat both applauded again. Jake held my head with his
hands as I tentatively began to suck on him. There was no escaping
my fate! Chris kept encouraging me by chanting, "Suck Slut, suck."
When Jake began thrusting his huge cock it made me choke and gag.
That seemed not to matter to anyone, Jake was having his way and
Chris loved seeing me as a sissy cocksucker. Pat had never seen two
men together and was getting quite turned on also. Brian and Wayne
liked seeing me humiliated and were happy feeling up the girls
until they were ready to have sex with them.

     When Jake was about to come in my mouth he pushed me roughly
away causing me to fall backwards. Moving rapidly for a big man, he
picked me up and placed me on my hands and knees facing Chris. "Beg
me to fuck you Bitch" He ordered. Before I could even bring myself
to utter such disgusting words, he smacked my ass a few quick
swats. "Oh please Sir, Please fuck my pussy." I pleaded in earnest.
Anything to avoid those brutal spankings! Everybody seemed to find
my total surrender amusing as a snicker ran through the gathered
crowd. Jake forced himself inside of me firmly with a quick thrust.
It hurt terribly, but I was thankful for the copious lubrication
Pat had used on me earlier. But for the remaining ooze, I would
have been ripped open by Jake's oversized equipment. He grabbed my
hips and began thrusting in earnest until he came what seemed like
a gallon deep inside of me.

     Jake rolled over on his side then onto his back, pulling me
along with him so that I wound up on my back with his cock still
buried in my ass. Chris came from the couch and began to suck on my
right nipple. Pat soon joined in suckling on my left nipple. Chris
kissed me lightly on my sweaty forehead whispering that she was
proud of her slave. She then gave my erect cock a few strokes and
brought me to orgasm, at last! When I came all over my stomach she
and Pat scooped it up and fed it to me. After I had finished
licking their fingers clean, they took the hands of Brian and Wayne
and left for the bedroom leaving me laying there with Jake still
imbedded inside me.

     Finally he slipped out of my violated ass and rolled onto his
side. He easily rolled me over to face him, kissed me gently while
fondling my nipples. "You are a sweet piece of ass Bitch." he said
sincerely. "Now that I've made love to you as my woman, you will be
mine to use whenever Chris allows it." He pinched my nipples firmly
and asked,"You will love that won't you?" Made love? He called that
brutal rape making love? The pain in my nipples forced me to smile
sweetly and answer,"Yes Jake honey, I'll be yours." He released me
and sent me to wash up. I figured that it was best to humor him and
brought back a warm wet washcloth to clean his privates with. I
even gave his cock a friendly kiss after cleaning it, which pleased
him immensely.

     I started to dress myself again, but Jake said,"Just keep the
heels, hose and garter belt on, leave the rest off." I replied,
"Yes sir." At his command I brought him another shot and beer to
'rebuild his strength'. As he swilled it down I heard Chris call,
"Slut, get in here." from the bedroom. My Mistress's demands came
first, so I left Jake and went to the bedroom.

     Chris, Brian, Pat and Wayne were all in our kingsized bed.
Chris and Brian had obviously just finished making love, while Pat
and Wayne were still going at it. Chris smiled at me, spread her
legs and said,"Lick me clean Slut." I sank to my knees and saw
Brian's come leaking from her vagina. While he was still kissing
her and fondling her breasts, I lapped up the residue of his
passion. He chuckled at the sight of me performing this degrading
task. The musky smell of fresh sex assailed my nose and the taste
was horrible, but soon my chore was finished. Chris praised me
saying, "That's a good Slut, now lick my juices off Brian's
wonderful cock." Even though I done this before, the idea of
licking another man's cock was still revolting to me. My revulsion
didn't count for much tonight though, so knowing that I had no
choice, I took his cock in my hands and licked it from one end to
the other. Damned thing started getting hard again from my tongue
and I wondered if Brian was as straight as he let on.

     Chris took Brian by the hand saying,"Let's go to the hot tub
for a bit Darling." She looked at me and ordered,"Bring us fresh
drinks." They left the bedroom for the tub and I went to fix their
drinks. I delivered them to the hot tub where they were relaxing,
but still fondling each other. That Brian could turn Chris on like
no other man! Chris took her drink, fondled briefly my still
smarting ass and told me," Go back to the bedroom and perform your
clean-up service for Pat and Wayne, they should be finished by
now." With tears of humiliation filling my eyes, I replied humbly,
"Yes Mistress." and left them.

     Passing through the family room, Jake grabbed me and kissed
me. "Where are you going Babe?" he asked. "Mistress sent me on an
errand Sir." I answered truthfully. "In that case, I won't keep
you." he said releasing me. He did, however, follow me down the
hall to the bedroom. Pat and Wayne had indeed completed their
lovemaking and looked surprised to see me standing there. "What do
You want?" she asked. "Mistress Chris sent me to clean you up too,
if that is your desire." I uttered shyly. "That would be very nice
indeed Slut." She patted the bed and told me,"Lay on your back here
dear slave." When I was in position, Pat straddled my face and
pulled my mouth to her crotch. "Lick it all up, be sure that you
suck out all of the stuff inside me too." She demanded. Pat thought
that this having a slave was a great treat, and was really enjoying
herself.

     Jake seeing my bare ass laying there, decided to take
advantage of this opportunity and climbed onto the bed between my
legs. He lifted my legs, spreading them with his shoulders. I was
unable to even beg him not to do that, as my mouth was muffled by
Pat's sopping pussy. My licking was getting Pat close to orgasm
again as her thrusting hips indicated. With my mouth held firmly in
place, Jake was free to enter me again. This time he was fucking me
more slowly, almost lovingly. Wayne found the sight of me being
used at both ends arousing and he placed his dick in my hand for me
to stroke. Hopelessly trapped, I began to stroke him. What a wild
picture this made I thought.

     "That Slut is one hot bitch!" I heard Brian say. Chris said,
"Yes indeed, the minute I let her out of my sight She's involved in
an orgy." They had decided to return to the bedroom for a second
round of sex and walked in to see me being used by three people.
That none of this had been my idea didn't matter. Jake fucking my
ass, Pat riding my face, and my hand stoking Wayne's cock made it
appear that I was loving it. Chris took Brian's cock and put it in
my other hand and began playing with my nipples. Despite the horror
of my predicament, my cock began to rise again.

     Pat reached her orgasm, let my head fall back and dismounted
me. Jake wrapped his arms around mine disengaging me from Brian and
Wayne and began to fuck more rapidly. The force of his thrusts was
causing me to moan accordingly and Chris remarked," Isn't that
sweet, Slut loves being fucked!" The others agreed with her making
comments about my wanton nature. Jake, oblivious to all of the
distractions, rammed into me until he came deep inside me. He
kissed me deeply and withdrew. I lay exhausted, unable to move
for several minutes. Pat bent over, kissed me on the lips and
praised my performance with,"Slut honey, I haven't come like that
in years. You look so sexy being fucked it turns me on!"

     Chris snapped at me,"Get up and make room for me and Brian,
and get out of those nylons before they get ruined. I don't buy
pretty things just to be destroyed during your slutty whoring
around." I got off of the bed and scurried to the bathroom to wipe
off my seeping bottom. While in there I relieved my bladder and
removed my hose and garter belt. I replenished my lipstick and
combed my hair to look more presentable before returning to the
bedroom naked. Chris and Brian were in bed caressing each other. I
felt very jealous of him, he was in bed with my wife while I was a
sex toy for Jake. He had fucked her as a man, and by the look of
things soon would be doing it again; while I had been used like a
whore. Chris said, "It's not ladylike to wander around naked slut,
Slip into the nighty I laid out for you and leave us alone." I
slipped the black, lacy, shorty nighty over my head. It didn't even
completely cover my buns. As I left the bedroom, Chris had rolled
on top of Brian and was beginning to ride his cock.

     In the kitchen Pat and Wayne were fixing themselves another
drink, Pat said," Slut has had a busy night, pour yourself a drink
Dearie." Greatful for this unexpected kindness, I poured myself a
glass of wine. It would help me to get rid of the foul taste in my
mouth and maybe even help ease the degrading experiences. Pat
asked, " Have you been a slave for long Slut?" I replied, "No
Ma'am, this is all fairly new to me." She said,"I think it's wonderful the
way you endure all of this to please Your Mistress and her kinky
friends." I sipped my wine and replied meekly,"Thank you Ma'am." I
didn't tell her how debasing it was to be a sissy sex slave nor how
much I wished that I was in bed with Chris now in place of Brian.
How could I? I didn't quite understand myself how I had been
reduced to my current state in such short time.

     Wayne noticed tears welling up in my eyes and snorted," I
think that Slut never was a man, no real man would let himself be
treated this way." Pat defended me with,"I disagree...it shows
great love to give up all pride, every vestige of manhood to become
a feminized sissy for his Mistress." She kissed me lightly on the
cheek and added,"I wish I had one just like Slut." Wayne just
glared at me.

     Pat said,"We are going to sleep in the guest room tonight,
Chris and Brian wish to be alone." Damn, I'd kinda hoped that
everyone would leave soon. "Would you be a dear and suck Wayne hard
for me Slut?" Pat asked sweetly. After her defense of me, I felt
obliged to do what she asked and knelt in front of Wayne. Taking
his cock in one hand I put it to my lips and kissed the head
lightly. As I took him into my mouth, my other hand gently cradled
his balls. Sucking and licking soon had Wayne forgetting who was
servicing him, he responded by getting erect and started moving his
hips. While I was so engaged, Jake walked in from the hot tub and
loudly asked,"What in the hell is this?" Pat just purred,"I asked
slut to do this for me, isn't she cute little cocksucker?" Pat
began to fondle Jake's cock. Pat smiled sweetly at Wayne and told
him,"I'm too worn out for anymore sex tonight Wayne Honey, so if
you want to come again you'd better let Slut finish you off here."
I felt betrayed! I was supposed to merely get him hard! Wayne said,
"Well if that's the case, I suppose that coming in this faggot's
mouth is better than nothing." He grabbed my ears and began fucking
my mouth faster and harder until he finally came in my mouth. I
gagged and choked. Pat said,"That's ok slut just swallow it." When
I had, she handed me my wine which I quickly gulped down. She
patted me on the head saying,"That was very nice of you to take
care of Wayne for me Slut. Come with me, I want to play with you
now." Wayne asked, "Hey, what about me?" Pat just smiled at him and
replied,"Now that you are into having sex with guys, you and Jake
can have fun together." She took me by the hand and led me into the
guest bedroom, leaving a shocked Wayne staring at Jake's menacing
erection.

     Once in the bedroom, Pat closed the door and started giggling.
She gave me a warm hug and said,"I couldn't stand his swinish
remarks about you Slut Honey. A night with Jake might mellow him
out a bit." We both laughed at the beautiful irony of her hastily
concocted plan. As we were crawling into the bed the sounds of
scuffling coming from the kitchen told us that Wayne was being
'seduced'. Even though my poor ass was still throbbing and leaking,
I smiled at the thought of what lie ahead for Wayne. He is going
where I have been!

     Pat pulled me on top of her and guided me inside of her. I
made love to her like a man, although I was still made up as a
woman. Afterwards we lay still kissing, caressing and cuddling. She
said,"Oh Slut, I just love feeling your hairless body. You are a
wonderful combination of both a man and a woman." I answered," And
You are so beautiful a person, both physically and in spirit." She
said,"Just now you made great love as a man and earlier I made love
to you in your female role, I honestly can't say which I enjoyed
more." I ran my long fingernails lightly over her breasts and told
her,"Pat Darling, I prefer what we just did, but would gladly be
yours to use any way you want." She said," You are so sweet, I'll
talk with Chris and see if we can't work out some kind of an
arrangement where we can share your services." We fell asleep in
each other's arms.

     The sun was shining in the window when Pat awakened me with a
kiss. She was holding my garter belt, hose and shoes. "Let's go out
with the others, please put these on for me." Once I had put them
on I resumed my Slut role. I stopped by the bathroom to reapply my
makeup and comb my hair. Walking into the kitchen I could scarcely
keep from laughing. Wayne was wearing my lacy apron and cooking
breakfast. He had a black eye, his wrists were bruised and his bare
ass bore welts obviously made by Jake's belt. Pat lightly ran her
hand over his ass causing him to wince. She said with mock concern,
"That looks so sore Wayne, how was your wedding night?" Wayne just
glared at her, feeling very embarrassed about having lipstick on.
He knew that everyone knew what his night had been like. Hell!

     Pat sat down at the table with Chris, Brian and Jake, while I
remained standing servilely. Chris gave me a light kiss on the
cheek and asked, "Did you have a good night Slut?" I answered,"Yes
Mistress, I did." Brian said," A lot better than Wayne's I'll bet!"
and broke out laughing. Jake pulled me onto his lap and gave me a
kiss. "Good morning Slut, I missed your company last night." he
said. He fondled my ass then added," But I now have a new Bitch,
and this one I can take home with me." Wayne came into the room
with the beginnings of breakfast. I helped him set the table and
deliver the food. I knew that Wayne really wanted to lay into me,
but we both remained silent as polite maids, refilling coffee cups
and so forth until they finished eating.

     After the table was cleared off, dishes done, and kitchen
cleaned up, Jake announced that it was time for he and Bitch to be
going. He said," I've got to take Her shopping for some sexy
clothes and other stuff. We're going out dancing tonight!" Wayne's
face was a picture of sheer terror. Not only had he been brutally
raped last night, but he was now considered as Jake's property.
There was an exchange of thanks. Jake thanked Chris for her
hospitality and the use of Slut. Chris thanked Jake for making Slut
into a real woman and for doing it in front of her. Wayne thanked
Pat for the sex he had enjoyed with her, but nearly choked on the
words when Jake made him thank her for introducing him to Jake.
"No problem Bitch, it was my pleasure." Pat said with great
sincerity. Jake took the apron off of Wayne and wrapped him in a
pink robe he had borrowed from Chris. As he carried him out the
door, he remarked," You can throw out those other clothes, I'll
return the robe."

     When they were gone, Brian said,"That sure didn't turn out the
way I expected, I had brought Jake as a favor for Chris. I knew
that she wanted to see Slut fucked by a man and Jake was just
the guy." Pat chirped in with,"I'm sure it came as a surprise to
Wayne too!" Brian gave Chris and Pat both a kiss, told Chris what
a wonderful time he had had and then left too. When the door closed
behind him it was quiet, almost like the last twelve hours hadn't
occured.

     Chris broke the silence with," Slut get your maid outfit on
it's time to change the beds, do laundry and clean the house. Pat
and I are going to play computer games for a bit and then take a
nap." The game wasn't over yet! I went into the bedroom to don my
Slut clothes, the same things I'd worn at the start of last night's
activities. As soon as I was dressed, I stripped the sheets off of
our king-sized bed and remade the bed with clean linnens. I did the
same with the guest bed and then took the soiled sheets along with
our regular laundry to the basement laundry room. Great care was
needed to carry that overfull basket down the stairs wearing heels
as I was. I knew that it would be easy to trip and fall.

     Once I had things sorted and the first load running, I went to
the Basement bedroom to replace those sheets. The bed was totally
disheveled from Wayne's struggles and the blood spots on the sheets
was evidence that Jake had torn his virgin ass. "Poor Wayne," I
thought, "At least Chris had broken me in gently and Pat's dildo
had lossened my ass up before Jake's attack!" I gathered the sheets
and set them to soak in the laundry sink. Then it was back upstairs
to clean the house.

     Back in our bedroom, I picked up the clothes that Wayne had worn
to our house and took them to Chris. "Mistress," I asked, "What shall
I do with these things?" Chris looked at them with scorn and replied,
"Throw them out! I imagine that Bitch now has some pretty new things
to wear." Then showing some pity added,"Take the stuff in the pockets,
put it a paper bag, and we'll save it for Her." A wallet, knife, coins
and a nailclipper all went into the bag before I set it on the closet
shelf. Then pants, shorts, shirt, socks and even shoes went into the
trash. It seemed a waste of good clothes, but Chris was right, Wayne
probably had a new outfit by now.

     I vacuumed the bedrooms and then went back downstairs to load the
dryer and put in the second load which included the basement sheets.
than back upstairs to vacuum the living and family rooms. When I got to
the computer area, Chris and Pat were both online chatting on an Adult
BBS. A glance at the screens showed that they were busy relating recent
events to an interested audience. Cris saw me arrive and motioned me to
kneel and lick her crotch. She loved having me serve her like that while
she talked via modem to both guys and gals. Busy where I was, I couldn't
see what she was typing, but felt certain that she was telling everyone
what she had me doing....maybe even how I was dressed. Hopefully she was
using the name Slut instead of the usual alias I used in there.

     When Chris was satisfied, she allowed me to get up. I was surprised
to see Pat wearing the strap-on dildo. While  had been busy, she'd put
it on to enable her to fuck me again. She had been serious when telling
of how much she enjoyed the sensations and feelings of power she felt
while usurping the male sex role. Chris seemed to use dildo rape to make
me feel humiliated and inferior. Pat actually loved the act for it's own
sake. Either way, I was going to take it in the rear, but at least with
Pat it was for her pleasure!

     Pat took my hand and led me to the family room where she had me
suck on the phalus kneeling in front of her. "Slut you look so cute and
sexy with a cock in your mouth."she praised while stroking my hair. I
could feel the sincerity in her voice. She wasn't being snide or cynical.
Suddenly I felt very pretty and lucky to serve her. When she had me get
on all fours, I eagerly complied. I didn't even mind the application of a
generous amount of Vaseline. When she entered me I even thrust back to
willingly recieve her. We made passionate love until she reached her wild
orgasm and she pulled out and kissed me. I felt thrilled to have pleased
her so. Then she pulled my skirt back down, gave me a pat on the rear and
ordered,"Back to work Slut, the fun's over for now." She went back to the
computer and I went down to change loads again. I felt a bit resentful
and used, but knew that there was work to be done.

     While I finished the laundry and cleaned the bathrooms the ladies
took a nap. When the supper was well started, I went to wake them as had
been requested. They looked so sweet cuddled together in our bed. A glass
of wine before dinner was in order and then feeling content and rested,
they agreed that I should be allowed to eat with them. I was even allowed
a glass of wine for myself. It was a very pleasant meal. Chris and Pat
talked while I remained silent. Chris told Pat how much she had liked her
company and assistance. Pat told Chris how she had never had such fun in
her entire life. They kissed and hugged each other, more like sisters than
lovers. When they were finished they stripped and went to the hot tub while
I cleaned up the dishes.

     Chris called, "Bring towels Slut." I hurried out to dry them as they
emerged from the tub. They had decided that the sleeping part of last night
had been too short and announced that it was bedtime. Even as I was wondering
where I was to sleep, Chris said, "I think that the three of us girls can fit
in one bed tonight." I was thrilled! We went into the bedroom and all three of
us put on short nighties. I was placed in the middle with Chris on one side
and Pat on the other. I was really tired from lack of sleep and too much sex.
I would have been quickly asleep, except female hands from both sides began to
fondle me. One pair of lips on each nipple and two pairs of hands fondling me
soon had my hips thrusting. When I came, they once again fed my come to me.
almost before they'd rolled over to sleep I was dead to the world.

     The morning sun awakened Pat first. She threw back the covers to stare at
me sleeping in the shorty nightie for a few minutes before her lips went to my
cock. What a grand way to be awakened! The first thing I saw was her mouth
engulfing my cock. As our movements increased, Chris woke up also. She smiled
and said,"My Dear Slut, you are such a horny whore. Maybe I should put you to
work on the streets." I gasped in shock, then saw her smile and knew that she
wasn't serious about that threat when she kissed me full on the mouth. Chris
took my hand and placed it on her crotch. As I fondled and fingered her bottom
she reached over to caress Pat's breasts. We had a threeway love thing going
which only ended when I came in Pat's mouth. Pat the kissed me transfering the
contents of her mouth to mine. I swallowed it and then kissed Chris.

     I was sent to make breakfast while the ladies performed their morning
grooming. By the time the meal was ready, so were they. Again I was allowed
with them and even join in the conversation this time. I still had to serve
them and clean up, but they were clearly in a mellow mood this Sunday morning.
Chris told Pat,"This has been a great weekend, we'll certainly have to do
this again on a regular basis." Pat shrieked with joy and replied," Oh, Yes!!
I would love that very much. This has been the best time. I want to thank you
for your hospitality and especially for sharing your slave with me."

     About this time, the doorbell rang. When I answered it, there stood Jake
and Wayne. I let them in and they went to the ladies. Wayne was wearing a
short lavender skirt, matching frilly  blouse, high heels and makeup. Jake was
carying the robe he'd borrowed. "I came to return this Chris, and to thank Pat
for introducing me to my new bitch. We went out on a round of some of the gay
bars last night and had a fantastic time before going to my place to play. We
even got invited to an orgy tonight...I think lots of guys want to try out my
latest find." He laughed and added,"I protected Her last night, but may not
tonight." Wayne's shudder was visible. He walked unsteadily, possibly due to
the newness of walking in heels but it was also very likely that he had a very
sore bottom under that skirt. Chris had me fetch the sack with Wayne's stuff
and give it to Jake. Jake gave me a pat on the ass ordered, "Come Bitch!" and
walked out the door. As Wayne hurried after him, Pat told him,"Have a good
time Faggot."

     We talked for awhile after they were gone. Pat then decided that it was
time for her to be going also. We all hated to see the weekend end, almost
afraid if we broke the spell, it would never be restored. Chris reminded us,
"We have another Date Night coming up in two weeks." Thus, with warm kises all
around, Pat departed. Chris gave me a big hug and said," Honey I was so proud
of you this weekend. You were such a good slave." All of the degrading things
I had been subjected to seemed to dissolve into nothingness with her remarks.
She loved me and I would die for her.




This is the last in a series of 7 stories in the Date Night series. 
It is meant for the reading pleasure of adults only. Please send any 
comments to 4playd@comcast.net. i love hearing from you.



                         DATE NIGHT 7

                     MY WEEKEND OF SLAVERY               
              

                       Written by 4play
            

    My wife Chris had told me to get "ready", which I knew meant
for me to get into my role as Slut. This process took over an hour;
involving as it did shaving my body, showering, putting on makeup,
doing my hair and dressing in my French maid outfit. As I completed
my transformation, I wondered what Chris had planned for tonight.
She never informed me ahead of time, feeling that as her slave I
should accept whatever she demanded of me. I knew that she had
something special planned since she seemed to be unusually excited
as she was getting herself ready to go out.

    Wanting to please Chris with my appearance, I took extra care
shaving my body very closely, painting my nails bright red,
applying my facial makeup just right and fixing my hair just the
way she liked it. I made sure the seams on my nylons were straight 
before hooking them to my garter belt. The bra with the cutout
nipple areas allowed my nipple rings to hang free. The sheer white
blouse ensured that they would be visible through the fabric. I
stepped into the short black skirt and tucked the blouse in tightly
to show off my breasts. Chris was so proud of the way she had made
them grow. Hoop earrings and a bracelet completed my outfit. I put
on the 4" high heeled shoes and I was "ready".

    Chris was completely dressed by the time I was finished. I had
been expecting to see her in the leather outfit she normally wore 
on the occasions she was in her Mistress role, but she was dressed 
as if to go to a wedding or similar occasion. She was so beautiful!
"Get me a glass of wine Slut" she demanded. I filled a crystal
goblet with her favorite wine and brought it to her. " Get your
cosmetic bag and put it in your purse." she told me. As I went to
do that, I deduced that it was going to be another overnight ordeal
with the Masters and Mistresses we had been with before.

    Chris looked through my purse and removed the two dollars she
found in there. "You won't be needing any money" she said.  My
bewilderment about this was interrupted by the sound of a car
pulling into our driveway. When the doorbell rang, Chris nodded her
head indicating that I should answer it. i opened the door to see 
big, tall and handsome guy standing there in a tuxedo. I gave a
small curtsy and invited him in. He walked past me as if I wasn't
there to kiss and embrace Chris. I had never seen this guy before.
Where had she met him?

    They kissed for a few minutes before Chris asked "Would you
care for a drink dear Jason?" He replied," Not now, we'd better get
going. Thanks anyway."  Chris said,"Ok, I'm ready."  Then she told
me to get the suitcase from the spare bedroom. "Yes Mistress" was
my answer. The embarrassment of being dressed as I was in front of
this gentleman was mixed with the hurt of Chris's not even
introducing me to him.

    Jason held open the door for Chris to sit in the front
passenger seat. I sat in the back seat holding her bag. We rode
down to a seedy part of the city. They chatted happily about what
fun they were going to have on their trip. Chris was like a
schoolgirl on her first date. Whatever they had planned didn't
include me!

    The car stooped in front of a rundown house. I was scared to
even be in this neighborhood, let alone to stop here. Jason got out
and opened the Door for Chris and opened the back door for me to
exit. Chris had me leave the suitcase in the car. Taking me by the
hand she led me up to the front door, which opened as if by magic.
Mistress Pat stood there. She'd obviously been watching through the
window for our arrival. " Come right in Slut, we've been waiting
for you!" Pat said. After I walked past her into the foyer, she got
between Chris and I. She gave Chris a warm kiss and hug telling her
" Have fun Chris, we will." Chris cautioned me, "Be a good girl
Slut and mind Mistress Pat." As I meekly nodded yes, she left to
join Jason. Pat closed and locked the door, even hooking the safety
chain, before turning to face me. 

    "Mistress Chris has plans for a weekend of fun with her new
friend Jason and she kindly lent you to me to use as I see fit."
Pat said, then added ominously, "Don't worry, I'll see that you're
not bored!" Her hand reached under my short skirt and fondled my
bare ass. " If you do as you are ordered, I won't have to get
brutal with you...disobey, or even hesitate over obeying and I can
cause you great pain!" I shuddered at her words even as her
caressing was giving me an erection. " Lift up your skirt Slut" she
commanded. I quickly grabbed the hems on either side of my skirt
and lifted them exposing my shaven genitals. Mistress Pat slapped
my cock sharply, the pain causing the erection to wilt. She Laughed
saying, " We won't be needing that pitiful thing this weekend, You
are going to live up to your name." " Now get into the kitchen
Slut" she ordered, pointing the way.


    The kitchen was typical of these old houses, linoleum floor,
high ceiling and larger than those found in the newer homes. There
was a woman sitting at the table sipping coffee. Pat introduced me
saying,"This is our slave for the weekend J. It answers to the name
Slut." She continued, "Slut this is Mistress J, you will obey her
orders as well as mine." I replied, "Yes Mistress Pat." My
situation was quite hopeless! I was penniless, dressed as Slut in
an area where being on the streets like this could be fatal, and 
also under orders from Chris to obey. My only option seemed to be
to do what they wished and hope that Chris returned soon to reclaim
her slave.

    Mistress J smiled at me and remarked, "Very pretty outfit
Slut, We wouldn't want to ruin it. You'd better take it off and put
on that apron." I hesitated for a moment, unsure of where I was to
change. Pat slapped me on the ass and ordered,"strip Slut!" My
fingers unbuttoned my blouse and undid my skirt. Pat took my
clothes as they were shed. "Leave the bra on, it makes your titties
look cute. The hose and shoes can stay also." J said. She handed me
a short apron that went from my waist to just barely covering my
privates. Now even the skimpy protection of my short skirt and
sheer blouse was gone! I felt so terribly vulnerable.

    "We have lots of work for Slut to do while she's here, shall
we have her get started or play a bit first Mistress J?" Pat asked.
J quickly answered, "Let's play with her first! I've been looking
forward to this and getting hornier by the minute." Each of the
ladies slipped a finger through one of my nipple rings and led me
down the hall. They walked fast enough to make it difficult for me
to keep up in my heels, but the pain in my nipples ensured that I'd
follow them to the bedroom.

    Mistress J sat on the edge of the bed, opened her robe and
spread her thighs. " Lick my clit Slut." she ordered. I started to
kneel down to get a better angle but that move was halted by a
quick smack of a whip on my bare ass. Pat had picked up a short
whip somewhere and seemed eager to use it. " Just bend over from
the waist." she demanded. A smile crossed her face, as if she just
had a new idea, and she said," Better yet, grab your ankles Slut
and hold that position." When I did that, she took a roll of duct
tape and taped my wrists to my ankles. What an uncomfortable and
vulnerable position this was! 

    Pat was strapping on a big dildo as she said to J, "This way
Way we can both have fun dear." J laughed as she pulled my head to
her crotch saying, " What a great idea." I started licking around
the pussy lips. J grabbed both of my nipple rings and ordered,
"Suck my clit slut!" I started sucking on her clit gently. A quick
on my nipple rings was followed by, " Harder, suck it harder!" I
began sucking as hard as I could. If I pleased them it would
minimize the pain inflicted on me.

    Sucking and slurping slavishly at J's crotch, I had briefly
forgotten about Pat. I was rudely reminded of her presence when she
shoved a lube covered finger up my ass. J tugged on my nipple rings
to remind me to keep sucking. I kept sucking even as Pat shoved in
two fingers and worked them around inside me. J was really getting
worked up now and put her legs over my shoulders. Her hips were
bucking up and down making it hard to keep her clit in my lips. Pat
chose this moment to ram the dildo into it's target. I was sucking
and being fucked at the same time. Pat's thrusts were instantly
transmitted to J's clit, which drove her wild. Soon she Pushed me
away and wound up just laying there shuddering in sexual bliss. Pat
continued raping my ass until she also climaxed and withdrew that
terrible dildo from my ass. She went to J and kissed her warmly.
the two Ladies caressed and cuddled for some time, enjoying the
warm afterglow of orgasmic sex. I stood bent over, in heels,
exhausted, sweating and awaiting their next whim.

    J said, " Oh Pat, that sensation was so fabulous! I could feel
your every stroke on my clit!  You should try that sometime."  Pat
looked at me and said, " Why not now?  We don't have anything
better to do at the moment, and Slut is still in position." They
both laughed at my obvious inability to alter their decision. After
smoking a cigarette, they changed places. Pat on the bed and J wore
the strap-on. 

    The scene this time was somewhat different. Pat preferred me
to lick more gently and J stood still and made me do the moving
with my rear. She thought it was funny making me fuck myself using
her dildo. Fortunately, since the Ladies were starting from a
higher state of arousal, this second round didn't take nearly as
long. After the Ladies were both satisfied sexually, they again lay
together looking at me standing there. I was sore all over. My ass 
felt like it was on fire, my nipples throbbed, my shoulders ached
from the strain of my position and I had cramps in my legs. Pat
reached over and turned the apron around so it covered my ass. she
took my cock in her hand and began stroking it. 

    Pat said, " Watch this J. It's just like milking a cow." So
saying she proceeded to masturbate me. Despite the pain I was
feeling I began moving my hips as her ministrations were having the
desired effect. When I began to spurt, J caught my ejaculate in her
hand saying, "Come on bitch, give it all to me!". They kept milking
me until they felt they had every drop. J put her cum-filled hands
up to my mouth and commanded, " Lick it up, all of it! Then swallow
it!" They giggled as I lapped up and swallowed my own semen. Pat
stated, " You need to get used to the taste of cum, there may be
more coming!" With that statement, I knew that they had more
torment in store for me.

    Pat took mercy on me and tore the tape holding my wrists to my
ankles allowing me to stand upright. She told me, " Get into the
shower and get yourself cleaned up. You need to redo your makeup,
You look a mess!" " Yes Mistress." I replied and went into the
bathroom she had pointed me toward. once there I stripped off the
few remaining articles of clothing and stood soaking in the hot
water. It took awhile before I felt refreshed enough to leave the
comfort of the stall. When I stepped out, my clothes had been laid
on the counter beside my makeup bag. I redid my facial makeup,
brushed my hair and got dressed again. Looking in the full length 
mirror on the back of the door, it was hard to tell how badly I had
been used so shortly before. I set out to find my Mistresses, ready
to resume my service to them.

    Pat and J were sitting in the living room, sipping wine. They
had cleaned up and changed clothes while I was gone. Upon sighting
me, J said, " How nice you look Slut, our guests will be pleased."
Pat added, " They should be here shortly. You will be a good slave
while they are here, won't you Slut?". I murmured, "Yes Mistress
Pat." Pat motioned me to kneel in front of her where she caressed
my hair gently. She put her glass to my lips and gave me a sip of 
her wine. This gentle treatment was in sharp contrast to her
earlier behavior, but I appreciated it greatly. As I became relaxed
she told me, " We are having some friends drop by shortly for some
fun. I told Mistress Chris that we'd give you a safeword to use if 
things got too much for you." That was welcome news to me! Knowing
there would be an escape route open would make enduring whatever
was to come much more bearable. If I could stop when I decided, it
almost made my participation optional. Pat informed me, " Tonight
your safeword is 'Nigger'." Both ladies giggled at this choice. It
wasn't a word that came up in conversation anymore, but I knew I
would use it if necessary.

    The doorbell rang and Pat indicated with a wave of her hand
that I should answer it. I still felt embarrassed to be seen by
strangers in my Slut outfit, but hurried to open the door. There
stood five black men! They brushed by me as I gave a polite curtsy.
The last one in rebolted the door behind him, then gave me a push 
propelling me to follow after the rest. I suddenly felt very weak,
as the significance of my "safeword" dawned on me. To use it might
prove fatal! I had never felt so helpless in all of my life.

    The new arrivals were all dressed in similar fashion and I
knew they were gang members. Now I understood why these two ladies
dared to live in this neighborhood, they were protected by this
gang. What the ladies did to deserve such a status, I didn't know
but, I had an ominous feeling that my services might be a partial
payment. A wave of fear caused me to shiver. Fear for my life was
a far stronger emotion than the normal humiliation and degradation.
Tonight I was truly a slave!

    The leader of the group was a big man, over 6'4" tall. Everyone
called him King. He was receiving kisses from the ladies. Pat said,
" Take the men's coats Slut and hang them in the hall closet." I
replied, " Yes Mistress Pat, I'll do it at once." As the men
removed their jackets, it became clear that they were all armed
with automatics in shoulder holsters. They lived in a dangerous
world and were ready for trouble. I took their jackets, hung them
in the closet, and hurried back for more orders. Mistress J said
sweetly, " Get the men some drinks like a dear won't you Slut?"
As I went to each man to ask what they preferred, I heard King's
deep voice saying, " Your white slave is kinda cute, and obedient
too." The men all laughed at his remark. I blushed with shame. 

    During the next hour or so I had served several rounds of
drinks and the atmosphere had grown steadily more sexual. The
ladies and most of the guys were naked. Mistress J ordered me, 
" Come over here and demonstrate your pussy-eating skills Slut." 
I went to where she was sitting next to King, knelt between her
thighs, and began licking. This brought a chuckle from the guys,
who thought that such a thing was beneath their dignity. I
continued until J felt she was ready for sex. She pushed my head
back and told me, " Now get King ready too!" I turned my head to
find him standing naked with his cock inches from my lips. " Go 
ahead white bitch, suck my big black cock!" he demanded. It was
big! My white fingers were in stark contrast to it as I held it and
gently licked around the head. My painted lips parted and I took it
into my mouth. The other guys were chanting, " Suck Slut, suck
Slut" in unison as I tried to keep from choking on the steadily
growing organ. It didn't take long before he was fully erect and
threw me aside to bury himself in Mistress J. 


    No sooner had he began pumping away, when another man stepped
in front of me and said, " My turn next, Suck me bitch!" Knowing
that I had no choice in the matter, I decided to make it as
pleasurable for him as possible. Since resistance was out of the
question, perhaps slavish submission would ensure my survival. I 
licked around the head, gently flicking my tongue on his glans
until he was getting aroused before taking it into my mouth. Even
as I sucked, I stimulated the bottom of his shaft with my tongue.
It didn't take long for before he was thrusting into my mouth as if
it were a pussy. I gagged as his cock hit the back of my throat,
but kept sucking and cooing. He was really going wild now! he
grabbed my head in his hands and fucked my mouth until he came what
seemed like gallons in my mouth. When he had finished spurting, he
withdrew and released my head from his vise-like grip. " Swallow it
Slut" he ordered. I, of course, did. " Sorry Pat", he said, " I'll
have to do you a bit later, I just got carried away." He was trying
to act cool about it, but I noticed that his legs were still
trembling from the orgasm he had just experienced. Pat replied, "
No problem Tyrone, we have lots of time." 

    Mistress J and King were getting close to orgasm now, judging
bye the sounds that were coming from the couch. While the rest all
watched their performance; I was granted a brief, badly needed
respite. King finally stiffened his body then relaxed on top of J,
her thrashing legs ceased their wild movement and wrapped around
his back. They lay like this for several silent minutes before King
withdrew his now spent cock and stood up saying, " Get over here
Slut and lick up my cum."  I hurried to obey, tying to ignore the 
derisive laughter of the guys. Mistress J spread her thighs
exposing her jism oozing pussy. " Lap that wonderful stuff up Slut.
That came from a REAL man, maybe it will do you some good!"  She
joined in with the laughter as I lapped and sucked at her pussy.
She added," Although with a sissy slave like you, I doubt that
anything would help!" Tears of humiliation streamed down my cheeks
as I licked her pussy clean.

    Upon completion of my 'cleaning service' I was sent to fetch
another round of drinks. King and J were sitting on the couch when
I delivered their drinks. Pat and Tyrone were sitting on the love
seat as I served theirs. The other three guys stood, patiently
awaiting their turn for fun. As I served the last one his drink he
asked, " Tyrone, how was this bitch's mouth? Is it worth using?"
Tyrone laughed and said, " I'd have killed to have that Slut when
I was in prison!" Several of them gave knowing nods which let me
know they had been incarcerated too. King magnanimously proclaimed, 
" Go for it men, have some fun, Pat won't mind a bit. Will you
Dear?" Pat responded, " Not a bit King, my slave is your slave."

    With this statement of approval the other guys moved in on me.
Tyrone said, " Fuck that sweet mouth Jesse! You'll find it very
hot!" Jesse dropped his pants exposing his turgid cock. I shuddered
and began to kneel, when another guy grabbed me by the hips from
behind. " Just bend over and take it in your mouth Slut." he told
me.  I wondered about the reason for this for only a few seconds
before he added," I haven't had any whiteboy ass since prison, and
I'll bet yours is tight." As I bent over to service Jesse orally,
the guy behind me threw my skirt up onto my back exposing my bare
rear. Even before I had taken Jesse's cock into my mouth I felt a
finger roughly invade my anus. Pat said, " Here Ramon, catch!"  She
threw him a tube of lube as she told him, " This will keep that
slave ass from making your dick sore." I suspected that Pat was
also looking out for me and glad that she had intervened so
skillfully. The lube would ease my pain!

    Ramon greased up my ass, then thrust himself in to the hilt
with such force that only because he was holding my hips prevented
me from toppling forward to the floor.  Jesse was enjoying the same
treatment I had previously given Tyrone. I was impaled front and
rear!  My assailants quickly synchronized their movements so that
as one was thrusting the other was withdrawing. My body moved
helplessly to their rhythm. Teetering on my high heels, I was
merely a receptacle for their lusty pleasure!

    The sight of my dual rape amused the spectators as it was
accompanied bye shouts of, "Fuck that slave", " Give it to her" and
other such comments. These guys were young, virile and horny so it
didn't last nearly as long as it seemed to me. Jesse came in my
mouth about the same time I felt Ramon's hot load release deep in
my ass. I was so weak and exhausted that I sank to my knees when
released by my tormentors. While they bowed and accepted
congratulations on their performance, I was oozing cum from both
ends in painful shame. No doubt I looked a mess, I had been ridden
hard! Not knowing what else to do with the cum in my mouth, I
swallowed it.

    Any hope of being able to rest for a bit were quickly dashed
when the remaining guy ordered, " Get on all fours Slut. I want
some of that ass too!" Wearily I got on my hands and knees,
dreading another invasion of my already sore ass. This guy had been
stroking himself erect during my dual rape and wasted no time
inserting himself partly inside my slimy ass. He reached around and
opened my blouse to get access to my nipple rings. He announced, "
I was watching these things twitch while you were fucking my
brothers and thought they might be fun and useful things to play
with." He put a finger through each ring, then pulled me back
forcing his cock completely inside of me. In order to avert as much
pain as possible I followed his forward and backward tugs with my
body. He was using my nipple rings to make me fuck him in the same
manner as Mistress J had earlier done, only he was much rougher! He
kept me humping at a frantic pace until he too climaxed inside of
me. "This is one Hot slave you have Pat!" he remarked as he got up
giving me a swat on my fanny. Pat smiled graciously and said, " Why
thank you Jerome, it's so sweet of you to say that."

    King stood up and said, " Men I think we'd better get cleaned
up and get going soon, we have a meeting for a deal we don't want
to miss." As he started for the shower, he said, " Come with me
Slut." I struggled to my feet and followed him, with his men close
behind me. He stepped into the shower, adjusted the water and
handed me the soap and a rag. " Get in here and wash me slave." he
commanded. I quickly stripped off my clothes, stepped into the
shower and began soaping his body. He seemed pleased by the
reverence shown when washing his genitals. When he was finished he
had me dry him off and kiss his ass as a sign of submission. He
dressed and left the room. 

    No sooner had he left, then the other 4 guys entered the
bathroom. They crowded around where I was still kneeling in the
shower. Tyrone said, " We want to show how we feel towards white 
sissies." Then all four of them began urinating on me. The yellow
streams hit my hair, face and body leaving me drenched and reeking.
They were laughing as they did it, adding to my humiliation. When
they finished, they all left except Ramon. He looked at me with
some sign of pity in his eyes and reassured me by telling me, "
don't feel so bad, if you hadn't pleased them so well sexually,
they'd have pissed in your mouth."  He turned and left to catch up
with the rest. Even kneeling in stinking shame, I did have
something to be thankful for. 

    I was too spent to even move and just knelt there crying until
Pat and J walked in. Pat said softly, " You were wonderful Slut! I
am so proud of you. She and J turned on the shower allowing the
warm water to wash away the urine. They washed me, shampooed my
hair and even dried me off. While I sat on the toilet they blow- 
dried my hair and styled it. J retouched my makeup and gave me a   
pink babydoll nightie to wear. By the time they were finished I
had stopped trembling. they took me by the hands and led me to
their bedroom. Pat said, " We had planned on having you sleep tied
up in the cellar, but considering how traumatic your evening has
been, you can sleep with us."  "Thank you Mistress Pat." I meekly
responded. Laying between the two mistresses, my exhausted body was
soon asleep.

    The next morning I was awakened by soft hands fondling my
genitals. As soon as I opened my eyes, Pat swung her leg over my
head so she sat astride my face. "Good morning Slut" she said
cheerfully, " Time to resume your duties!" She pressed her pussy to
my mouth. I knew by now what she liked and began to gently lick her
lips and clit. J lifted my legs over her shoulders, applied a
generous dose of lube to my ass and began dildo fucking me. My
mouth welcomed the sweet vaginal juices. They were infinitely
preferable to the male cum of the previous night! My ass, while
still sore, now easily accommodated J's dildo. This dual assault on
my body was almost pleasant compared with the brutal degrading
ordeal of last night. 

    After both of the ladies had been sexually satisfied, they
kissed and cuddled each other. Pat ordered me, " Get up and fix our
breakfast Slut." I replied, " Yes Mistress Pat." and got out of bed
to get started on my chores. Not wanting to walk around barefoot,
I stepped into my high heeled shoes. They did make my legs look
nice. The pink babydoll nightie didn't cover much, coming only to
my waist, so when I got to the kitchen I put on the lacy apron.
First I got the coffee going, then searched around to find out what
was available to make a breakfast suitable for the ladies. I found
the essential ingredients for veggie omelets and crepes. 

    By the time the crepes were ready for the pan, the coffee was
done. I poured two cups of coffee, placed them on a tray with
cream, sugar and spoons; then carried this to the bedroom. The
ladies seemed pleased with such service. J said, " How sweet of you 
dear slave." I curtsied gracefully and replied, " Thank you
Mistress J." Pat gestured for me to leave, so I returned to
complete the breakfast preparation. Just as I had everything cooked
and the table set; the ladies walked into the room. They wore
silken robes which made them look sexy, but elegant. Taking seats
at the table, they chatted happily as I served their meals. Pat
fondled my bare bottom as I placed her omelet in front of her. I
gave coquettish wriggle, not wanting to displease her.

    Even after they had finished a leisurely breakfast, and I had
cleared off the table, they sat discussing the day's planned
activities. I washed and dried the dishes, cleaned the kitchen and
then returned for further instructions. Pat said, " Mistress J, I
think it's time for the old one two, don't you think so?" J
replied, " Yes Mistress Pat, I think our sissy deserves it." Pat
reached under my nightie, grabbed my nipple rings and gave them a
twisting tug. My cock jumped to erection, whereupon J gave it a
slap. They got a regular routine going; tug, slap, tug, slap; which
they continued until despite my best efforts, I spurted cum. They
both giggled with delight as I stood there aching and drained. J
crowed, "It always works on sissies!"

    The rest of the morning and early afternoon, I did laundry,
cleaned bathrooms, vacuumed carpets and all other assigned tasks. 
Around 3pm Pat told me, " That's enough for now Slut, go take a
bath and get ready."  I replied. " Yes Mistress Pat."  I couldn't
help wondering, " Get ready for what?" as the tub filled with
water. Mistress J walked into the bathroom as I was finishing
washing. She had me stand, picked up her razor and began shaving  
me.  She said, " I know you're used to doing this yourself, but it
pleases me to shave a sissy. Smooth hairless bodies turn me on." I
turned, lifted arms, legs and generally moved as needed to give her
the needed access to places to be shaved. Since I had just shaved
closely yesterday, this process didn't require much time. She told
me to finish getting ready and report to the bedroom when I was
done. " Don't bother dressing, we'll find something different for
you to wear." "Yes Mistress J." was my reply. She turned and left
me to start doing my hair.

    Using the dryer and curling iron, I soon had my hair styled
properly. The permanent that Chris had given me made the job so
much easier.  Even though she had given it to me as part of my
feminization, it did make doing my hair much easier. Doing my face
was next, a process that I had down pat by now. Even putting
mascara on my long fake eyelashes came easily now. As soon as my
face was made up, I painted my nails and was ready to report. I
walked naked into the bedroom where Pat and J were getting dressed.

    " Well our slave is all clean and needs something to wear."
Pat said. J reached down to my scrotum, gently pushed each of my
balls up inside of my body, pulled my dick back between my legs and
secured it there with duct tape. " We can't have unsightly bulges
down there." she said. My bewilderment grew as she put a sanitary
napkin and belt on me. She handed me a brand new pair of pantyhose
and had me put them on. As I rolled them up my smooth legs, it
became clear that these were normal hose, not like the slutty mesh 
ones Chris had me wear. When they were in place, J gave me a black
bra without the nipple cutouts I was used to. It was padded to fill
me out to a full c-cup. A quick look in the mirror revealed the
very striking feminine figure I now had. I was handed a 
patterned, knee length, full skirt and a nontransparent matching
blouse. This outfit looked somewhat sexy when I had it on, but it
was a great improvement over the trashy image I projected in my
Slut outfit. The matching shoes had a modest 2" heel and would be
easier to move around in than my normal ones. Pat gave me matching
gold hoop earrings, necklace and bracelets to complete the outfit.
When I had everything on, Pat sprayed me with her perfume saying,
"Now you look and smell very feminine Slut."

    The ladies being ready already, J said, " Ok, let's get
going." "Going? Going where?" I wondered as they took my hands and
led me to the garage. Pat drove us to the Mall, parked the car,
then announced, " We are going shopping girls!" Oh how badly I
wanted to refuse to leave the car, but knowing that I had to obey
them, I went with them into the mall clutching my purse like a
security blanket. They took me through several ladies clothing
stores, embarrassing me in each of them by holding dresses, items
of lingerie and so on up to me and talking openly how each of these
would be a turn on for Tyrone and his friends. They even bought a
few things for themselves.  About the time they were seriously
discussing having me try some things on, the store we were in
announced that it would soon be closing. I felt very relieved when
we returned to the car. At least my exposure to strangers was
greatly reduced while I was in their house. 

    J was driving, with me sitting between her and Pat. Pat
squeezed my padded breasts, which caused my rings to send
twinges of pain through my nipples despite being buried under the
padding. J caressed my thigh with one hand as she drove. My trapped
cock was unable to rise even though I was getting turned on. By the
time I was breathing heavy, we pulled into the parking lot of a
bistro. "Let's get something to eat and have a few drinks." J said.
I tried to regain my composure as we entered the place. J led the
way to a large u-haped booth near the back of the room.  They
ushered me into the back of the U and sat on either side of me. The
waitress brought us menus but, Pat said, " We don't need menus,
bring us three Chef salads and a liter of white wine." The waitress
returned with the wine and told us that our food would be ready
shortly. Pat poured the wine, raised her glass and said, " To the
girls night out!" J and I clinked our glasses against Pat's and we
sipped our wine. Even though I was only dressed as one, it felt
good to be one of the girls!

    While we ate our meal and chatted quietly, I noticed that the
place was filling up. A band was setting up on the stage and the
staff was clearing away some of the tables. J said, " they have
dancing here after 9pm, this place really gets jumping then." I had
a sudden attack of fear; what if some guy asked me to dance? " Will
we be staying that long Mistress?" I asked, hoping that the answer
would be no. " Why not? we came here for some fun didn't we?" Pat
replied. I shuddered and looked around the room. The crowd was
mostly working class men. Construction workers, a few urban cowboys
and other assorted rednecks. " Mistress Pat, if they find out I'm
really a guy..." I pleaded, my voice trailing off as the very
thought of being discovered sank in.  " Don't whine Slut! If they
fondle your crotch, just tell them you're having your period." Pat
snapped. Ah, now the purpose of the sanitary pad became obvious,
they had planned this outing all along!

    Pat signaled the waitress to bring us some more wine. " This
was paid for by the gentleman at the bar, the cowboy." the waitress
announced as she set down the liter bottle. She then asked if we
were finished eating. Pat nodded yes and the dishes were cleared
off. Pat raised her glass and smiled at the cowboy to thank him for
his generosity. He smiled back and walked over to our booth just as
the band started playing. "Good evening ladies, my name is Ray.
Mind if I join you?" Pat and J smiled sweetly and said they'd like
that. Pat introduced me as " Becky", which I thought was nice of
her. Slut would have seemed so blatant in here! I managed a shy
smile, but was very nervous about the developing situation. Ray
waved as a signal for two of his buddies to join us. Two guys
sitting at the bar hurried right over to us.

    Joe introduced them saying, " This tall guy is Joe and the
other one is Pedro, they work with me at the job site." Joe was
tall and thin; Pedro was shorter but, heavier built. It turned out
that they were ironworkers working on the new skyscraper under
construction. I listened politely as they talked about their jobs,
what good money they were making and how lovely they thought we
three ladies were. Ray took Pat out to dance to a fast number. J
and Pedro were busy flirting with each other, so Joe slid next to
me. As he talked with me, his hand dropped to caress my thigh. "
Please don't do that." I pleaded softly, then added, " This place
is too public." He replied, " Sorry ma'am, I didn't mean to
embarrass you. I'm just really horny tonight and I couldn't
resist." I smiled coyly at him and said, " You won't get lucky with
me tonight Joe, wrong time of the month." He nodded knowingly and
said, " That's ok Becky, I enjoy your company." Despite his outward
sincerity, I knew he was inwardly cursing his bad luck.

    Pat and Ray finished their dance; when they rejoined us Pat
asked if J and I wanted to join her in a trip to the " little
girls" room. We grabbed our purses and followed her. I was really
needing to go bad by now, but had been afraid to make the trip by
myself. Dressed as I was the men's room was out of the question!
Once inside I went right into an empty stall pulled down the
pantyhose and pad and relieved myself while sitting on the toilet.
No wonder it took women so long in the restroom, there was so much
to rearrange when finished. By the time all was back in place, Pat
and J were both waiting by the sinks. 

    Pat looked at me and said, " Better fix your lipstick Slut."
As I was retouching my lips, Pat informed me, " We are going to
take these guys home tonight for sex. You be very sweet to Joe."
I responded, " Yes Mistress Pat, but I already told him that it was
the wrong time of the month for me!" The ladies looked at each
other, then started laughing. J told me, " You'll just have to
entertain him in other ways. It's got to be easier than what you
went through last night!" We left to rejoin the guys.

    We chatted with the guys awhile before Joe asked me to dance
to a slow song. He held me close with my padded breasts rubbing
against his chest. I could feel his erection rub against my crotch
and he was kissing my neck as we danced. If my own cock wouldn't
have been so restrained, it would have responded by getting hard. 
Joe was turning me on! By our third dance of the evening the talk
at the table was openly about going home to party. During what was
to be our last dance before leaving I whispered to Joe, " Maybe
this is your lucky night after all. I can take care of you, but I
want to stay dressed. Ok big boy?" Joe being aroused and horny
agreed readily. 

    They guys paid our tab and escorted us out of the place. In
the parking lot, Pat said, " Joe and Becky can ride with Ray and I,
Pedro and J can follow us in our car." Everyone agreed and we got
underway. Joe was fondling my breasts, french kissing me and having
me fondle his cock all the way home. I knew that he'd be easy to
satisfy, and relaxed a bit. He was a good kisser, even though he
smelled of beer.

    Once in the house Pat said, " Becky get us some drinks like a
dear."  I knew that her sugary request was really an order so
replied, " I'd be delighted to." Joe went with me and helped carry
them back to the others. J and Pedro were necking on the couch, Pat
and Ray on the loveseat were similarly engaged, so Joe sat in the 
stuffed chair and pulled me onto his lap. The sight of the other
two couples engaged in heavy petting excited Joe, overcoming his
reluctance about getting involved in the same room with others. "
I've never been in orgy before, is this going to be one?" he asked.
I encouraged him by saying, " Just relax and go with the flow Hon."
This was not a deceitful statement on my part, I didn't know what
the ladies were in the mood for, nor what would happen. I was as
much in the dark as Joe was.

    Ray had Pat topless by now and was sucking on her nipples as
she opened his pants and began fondling his cock to full erection.
She reached down and slipped off her panties and swung astride his
lap to sit on his cock. Taking his cowboy hat off of his head, she
put on herself, yelled, " Yeehaw! Ride him cowgirl!" She moved her
hips in response to his wild thrusts, looking very much like a
bronc rider at a rodeo. This frantic pace couldn't be handled for
long by Ray and he soon came deep inside Pat. She was not satisfied
sexually, but flattered Ray by telling him what a stud he was. She
rolled off his lap and ordered, " Becky come here and lick me
clean." 

    I got off Joe's lap, went to kneel between Pat's legs and
began licking her vagina. All three men gasped at the sight of me
lapping up Ray's cum. They had never seen such a thing before and
it was a real turn on for them. Even as I was being so humiliated,
I thought to myself, " At least now Joe won't want to kiss me!"
When Pat reached her orgasm, she said, " Thanks Becky, you may
return to Joe now." I got up and walked back to Joe, who had his
cock out by now. With no words spoken I knelt, took his cock into
my mouth and began sucking. His hands held my head in place. I had
been accurate in my guess that Joe would be easy to get off, he
came in less than a minute! When I had collected every drop of his
semen in my mouth, I got up and kissed him deeply returning it to
it's owner. This action had been so totally unexpected by him and
surprised him so much that he just accepted it. He sat, shocked
into immobility, as I darted away to take a swig of my drink. He
grabbed his beer and guzzled down most of it trying to wash the
taste of his own cum out of his mouth. 

    Ray laughed loudly at Joe then proclaimed, " Joe, by god, now
you are a cocksucker by proxy!" This remark brought a guffaw from
Pedro and a titter from Pat and J. Pat consoled Joe, " Come on Joe,
be a good sport. Didn't you just get the best blow job you ever
had?" J, who was naked by now, added " At least now you know how
good it tastes!" Joe tried to smile and take it as a joke. I was
sure that if the others weren't here, he would have attacked me.
Pedro rolled J to her back and began pumping away. This erotic
sight served to distract Joe from his confused emotional state of
mind and he began to casually stroke his limp cock as he watched
Pedro in action.

    Pedro and J did put on quite a show. Pedro was long lasting
enough to bring J to several orgasms before reaching his own. J's
moaning and thrashing around left no doubt as to how much she was
enjoying it. Ray was now having second thoughts about his own
performance. Joe was unsure of weather or not he had enjoyed his
blowjob enough to offset it's aftermath. Pedro was clearly the guy
entitled to bragging rights over this evening's entertainment! This
was evident by how happily he kissed all of us as they were getting
ready to leave. Ray kissed Pat and thanked her for a wonderful
time, but just waved to J and I. Joe kissed my hand before leaving,
completely ignoring my pursed lips. 
  
    As soon as the guys had left, Pat and J both hugged me. "That
was priceless!" Pat squealed. J was chuckling hard, but managed to
say, " I'd loved to have a picture of the look on Joe's face when
he got a mouthful of his own cum!" I gave them a respectful curtsy
and followed them to the bedroom. They stripped naked for bed, and
then helped me get undressed. It was briefly painful when they
ripped off the restraining duct tape, but it felt wonderful to have
my cock free again. 

    Pat directed me, " Go ahead Slut, masturbate for us." I had
been aroused by going out in public, shopping for lingerie, dining
with the ladies, dancing and necking with Joe and this release was
badly needed! While it was a bit embarrassing to be stroking myself
in front of the ladies, it also felt great! As soon as it seemed my
orgasm was imminent, Pat demanded, " Don't spill it on the carpet,
catch it in your other hand." I managed to gasp out, " Yes Mistress
Pat." even though breathing rather heavily. When I had milked
myself into my hand, J ordered, " Now swallow it Slut!" I lapped my
semen from my own hand and swallowed it. At least I was used to the
taste of my own stuff. I greatly prefered it to that of other men.
Masturbating was less degrading than having to suck off another
guy! J praised me, " That's a good cum drinker we have here Pat."
Pat replied, " Yes indeed, Chris has trained Slut well."

    Pat handed me a blanket and told me, " You will sleep on the
floor beside our bed tonight like a devoted slave." I laid on the
floor and covered my naked body with the blanket. The sounds coming
from the bed made it obvious that Pat and J were making female
love. Even though it was exciting to listen to, due to my state of
exhaustion, I was soon sound asleep.

    The next morning I was awakened by Pat tapping my shoulder.
The ladies had me get into bed with them and service each of them
orally. They did toy with my nipple rings, but neither of them
raped my ass this time. I was thankful for that, since it had
become very sore from overuse the past two days. After each of them
was satisfied, Pat told me, " Get yourself cleaned up. Better get
back into your Slut outfit, Mistress Chris will be coming for you
today." This exciting announcement meant that my ordeal would soon
be over!

    While getting "ready", I used extra care with every detail. I
wanted Chris to be pleased when she saw me again. Pat and J hadn't
been brutal with me and I had served them to please Chris; but I
desperately wanted to be out of this place before the gang guys
returned. They really scared me as they had no friendship nor
allegiance to Chris and no regard for her property. 

    When I was fully dressed and made up, I was told to make
breakfast. The ladies let me sit and eat with them this morning,
which was a very pleasant experience. We chatted like three
girlfriends discussing their Saturday night's fun. After breakfast
I cleaned up the kitchen, made the bed and generally made myself
useful while anxiously awaiting Chris's arrival.

    Finally about 2pm, the doorbell rang. I hurried to answer it's
call. I opened the door and there stood Chris! She looked so
beautiful! She had a radiant glow about her that showed that she
had enjoyed her weekend. I gave her a curtsy, kissed her hand and
led her into the living room. Pat and J both hugged her and asked
how her weekend had gone. Chris replied, " It was Great! Jason took
me to see a broadway play, dancing and fine dining. We stayed in a
fancy hotel. He sure knows how to treat a lady on a date!" They
chatted a bit more about Chris's fun weekend before Chris looked at
me and asked, " How was Slut? Did my sissy slave behave properly
for you?"  Both Pat and J assured her that I had been a good slave,
and related and account of my weekends activities.  Even Chris
laughed when they told her about how I had given Joe a mouthful of
his own semen. A few more pleasantries were exchanged, then Chris
told me to get my bag, it was time to get going.

    At the door Chris said, " I want to thank you ladies for
babysitting my slave for the weekend."  Pat replied, " No problem 
Mistress Chris, it was our pleasure." J chimed in, " Any time you
want to drop him off here again, feel free to do so." Pat kissed me
on the cheek, patted me on the head and said, " Slut is so cute."
As we walked to Jason's waiting car, another car drove up and King
and his men stepped out. King retained his haughty air, but Tyrone
and the rest of his men whistled, jeered and grabbed their
crotches. Shouts of " Hey Slut, Want some more of this?" and other
lewd comments made me blush. Chris simply ignored them and got into
the car. I got into the back and Jason drove away. I felt great
relief at leaving this place and shuddered to think of what would
have happened if Chris had shown up just a bit later!

    Jason drove us to our house. Home was a very welcome sight. It
seemed like much longer than 2 nights since I'd left it! I hurried
into the house and went right to the bathroom. Chris and Jason
talked about how much they had enjoyed the weekend and said their
goodbyes. Jason kissed her then said, " We'll have to do this again
Chris darling." Chris unhesitatingly answered, " Oh yes Jason, I'd
love that!" Even being discretely out of sight in the bathroom,
hearing this made me cringe. My wife was so charmed by this guy
that it was frightening. I realized that if they had another date,
it would likely result in my returning for another weekend of
slavery to Pat and J. 

    When Jason finally left, Chris came and kissed me warmly.
She told me, " You were a good slave and I'm so proud that you
didn't shame me in front of my friends." This praise was small
payment for all I had endured over the weekend, but was all I was
to receive. I'd been hoping that Chris would let me make love to
her once we were alone, but my hopes were dashed when Chris said,
" I'm going to take a nap. Wake me when supper is ready." She
walked into the bedroom and closed the door. I was left standing in
my Slut outfit with tiny tears running down my cheeks.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  mwmsissy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





