BDSM Library - Angel On The Road To Hell




Angel On The Road To Hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Angel, a single mother of two finally gets her wish to serve two sadistic lovers, but the man she has been chatting with on the Internet isn't the nice guy she thought she knew. When he flies in to assist her real life lover in making a porn movie with her as the star she learns more than she wants to know about her future. There is no way out and where Angel is going, they don't want angels. This is a fictional story for adults that deals with violent references and severe abuse of women.
Angel
by
Marion

Copyright 2003



Chapter One

Angel: "Preparing To Be A Porn Star"

Angel nervously examined herself in front of her mirror Master T had set up for
her as she awaited his call to come and appear on camera. Both Jerry and Terry
had her shower and put on make-up before they had left. She had a 24 inch
spreader bar attached to each ankle so that they would have unrestricted access
to her most private areas, although she had been fucked in her cunt and ass so
many times by so many men that even she no longer regarded them as private. She
was a slut. She knew it and she loved to be degraded and molested by men. There
was also a silver chain attached to the rings piercing each nipple that swung
between her breasts. She had no idea where she was, but it was obviously a
cellar, given the dirt floor, thick limestone walls and the bare bulb hanging
from the ceiling. Master T and Jerry had brought her here blindfolded and naked
in the back of Jerry's van. This was to be the first of a series of videos
Master Terry was going to make selling her on the Internet.

Looking at her reflection she spoke to the image: "Look at you, you slut! You
cunt! You miserable bitch! Our Masters are going to try to sell us, you and me,
like slut slaves to other men, isn't that exciting? He says he's going to have
to punish us on camera to make us marketable! He says men will pay to see you
and me cry, but we're going to have to cry real tears and we can't fake our
screams! That's why he says he has to really hurt us. I don't know about you,
you ugly bitch, but I'm scared! I'm really, really scared!" 

She paused as if listening to her reflection: "Because I know how mean Master
Terry can get and I've talked to Master Jerry on the Internet! He told me what
he likes to do to women, you stupid shit, weren't you listening? I don't know
about you, but he really scares the shit out of me!"

Again she listens as if her reflection is talking to her. "Yes God damn it, I've
told Master Terry I fantasized about being with him and a friend, but I never
expected him to invite Jerry! I'm afraid they will do something to me that I
can't hide from the Sarah and Josh or, shit, with Jerry here, I could get maimed
for the rest of my life or even, even, oh God, Jerry has talked about snuffing
women!" She paused. "Snuffing you stupid cunt! He gets his rocks killing them!"

Silence. "Yes, I know I'm a slut! I know I deserve it, but in the name of all
that's holy, I don't want to die and God, don't let them do something that will
let the kids know I'm this kind of person!"

She paused again. "Yes! Yes it's exciting! Christ I wish I could fuck myself
right fucking now!  God it so motherfucking exciting to think men all over the
world will be jacking off watching me suffer and sending Masters money!  Jerry
says I'll be a famous porn star on the Internet! Strangers are going to watch me
do everything on the web cameras Master T has set up! God imagine it! We won't
be able to take a shit in private or change a tampon without men watching! Men
all over the world are going to watch me do my most private and intimate things.
Master T says they will play with themselves watching me and on the website he's
going to invite them to send me fan mail! Telling me what they would like to do
to me! Christ, isn't that too fucking exciting?"

She listened to the questions forming in her reflections mind. "Of course
they'll watch my punishments, that's why Master T said they would have to be
really severe! I really don't think Master T would inflict any real serious
injury or kill me, but Master Jerry, that's another question. He can be so
fucking mean! That's why I'm so scared!

Angel was anxious, scared and excited that men, all over the world would be
playing with themselves and jacking off and cumming all over themselves watching
her suffer as she satisfied her Master's sadistic needs. Men would play with
themselves wishing she were theirs to abuse! Master Terry a slut like Angel
should be available to men whenever they desired her. 

For an extra fee, these men could also command her to do the most obscene
things, which she must perform for them. Of course she wouldn't get any of the
money. It was Terry's idea and she was only his slave! For a little while she
was selfish enough to think she would get paid, until Terry explained that she'd
get to be a star and since he did all the work and created the site, he, of
course, would get the money! Master T said that she would be a slave to their
customers, as well as his, and she would have to do whatever they told her to
do. On the web site he would invite men to write e-mails suggesting innovative
ways to punish her and to make her suffer and then she would have to write them
back and thank them for their suggestions! She looked forward to these letters!

As she examined her body and her restraints, her mind drifted back to the day
she experienced a revelation regarding suggestions from these strange men and
her conversation with Master Jerry. It was the primary reason for her fears. The
three of them were in her home. She had just finished cleaning up the table
after cooking them dinner. Jerry and Terry remained at the table. Like Angel
they too were naked.

Jerry was a lean, muscular man in his late fifties who worked in landscaping. He
had sharp tan lines just above his groin and from his ankles to lower thighs.
The mid section of his body was milk white and protruding from his groin was a
dark massive cock and two huge testicles, surrounded by a forest of thick hair.
Jerry loved being naked and he loved to stroke his cock and play with his balls.
He loved getting an erection and maintaining, watching bead of pre-ejaculant
form at the opening of his piss hole.

Terry also enjoyed the freedom provided by being naked, but he enjoyed it even
more now that Jerry had arrived from San Antonio for an extended stay to join
him in making films of Angel and sharing their sadistic desires on this willing
masochistic bitch. Terry had never explored his feminine side or contemplated a
homosexual encounter, but he knew that after seeing Jerry naked he had a strong
desire to suck on his cock and taste his sperm.

The idea of being ordered to do unspeakable things in front of her web camera in
for complete strangers had stimulated Angel's imagination! She was excited until
she realized that maybe they would demand things she couldn't do or would not
want to do. She had asked both Master Terry and Master Jerry what would she do
if someone wanted her to do something that was unthinkable?

Jerry chuckled and then simply kissed her and spoke softly, like a father to a
child. "Angel, of course, you realize you must submit to all men. You're a sex
slave, our sex slave and a slave to all men who might find pleasure in your
suffering. You understand that, don't you?"

Angel could only swallow before responding. "Yeah, I guess so, but..."

"We can give you to anybody we want. When Terry or I give you to someone, you
must obey him, even if you find their request distasteful or if it means you
must sacrifice your life to make him happy. Of course, we will miss you if you
die as a result, but you've got to realize I have no control over what other men
need to do to you to satisfy their needs! You know as well as Terry and I that
men have to ejaculate. It is a burning, uncontrollable thing in all men and it
is up to women like you to help them achieve gratification, no matter what you
must sacrifice to help them."

Angel was startled at his response. She responded with a nervous smile and said
he surely was joking.

He cupped her face in his hands, kissed her again and replied: "Angel darling,
you must realize my pleasure, or the pleasure other men enjoy, does not come
from you as a person or as a human being, but rather from your suffering! Jesus
Angel, you know that you're a slut whose sole purpose in life is to provide men
with pleasure." He chuckled as if amused by her.

"Angel, you get some silly thoughts in your head and you've got know just how
silly they are! Like now, you start thinking as if you are a human being, but
you're not darling. You're not like a normal human being that people love and
care for! Angel, you know damn well that you don't mean a thing to Terry or me
much less any of our subscribers!  You're a pain slut. Right?"

She looked down on the floor before nodding her head affirmatively and saying:
"Yes."

"You like pain and humiliation, right? At least that's what you've told me."

"That's right!" Terry interjected.

"See, Terry remembers you saying that. In fact we both remember you begging us
to treat you like, how did she say it Terry?"

"A piece of shit! She wanted to be treated like a piece of shit!"

"Oh yeah, I remember. Do you remember that Angel?"

Angel could not look up at her two tormentors, but nodded once again in the
affirmative.

Jerry smiled as he and Terry exchanged glances. "So Angel, if your death will
satisfy the needs of some man and he wants to take you to the brink of insanity,
publicly humiliate you or yes, even if he wants you to commit suicide, you must
obey him Darling! That's the way we play this dominant / submissive game! It's a
game where all men are your Masters and are entitled to derive pleasure watching
and causing a woman like you suffer! That's all! Understand?"

"I guess, but..."

"Now, no buts!  Besides," He kissed her again and stroked his cock,  "Just think
of the orgasms Terry and I would enjoy watching you obey such an order and
committing the ultimate act of obedience! You wouldn't deny Terry or me that
pleasure, would you?"

"Hey, I bet you'd even get your rocks doing that for some guy!" Terry added.

"He's right." Jerry responded. "You might find sacrificing your life to please a
man to be the ultimate orgasm! Just think how exciting it would be to inflict
horrific pain on yourself, knowing that it will be the last pain you ever feel
and as he sees you doing it he is jacking off and having a glorious orgasm!"

Angel recalled the shock she felt hearing her Masters speak those words in such
a matter of fact tone of voice. Her entire body was trembling. Jerry's voice was
like his eyes, cold and serious. She fell to floor and embraced his legs,
begging and sobbing as she professed her love for him.

"But I love you! I love you my Masters! Both of you! You wouldn't make me do
such I thing, I know it, I just know it! Please tell me you're just trying to
frighten me! Please!"

He reached down and again cupped her face in his hands. "Angel, my pathetic
little darling! God, if you could only see the fear etched in your face right
now, it is so beautifully erotic! Damn, I love watching you suffer and seeing
fear in your face! You get me so fucking hot!"

She raised her eyes and smiled, knowing she was pleasing him made her
apprehensions fade.

"I don't expect it to happen soon, but when it does, and it will, WOW! You can't
imagine the exquisite pleasure it would bring me to watch you confront death at
your own hands, especially if the sick bastard who wanted to see you do it
demanded it be slow, real painful so you'd scream your ass off and there would
be bleeding, lots of fucking bleeding! Oh Christ, look at my cock! I get so
fucking hot just thinking about it! To witness you making such a sacrifice in
obedience to the wishes of some sadist who needs such a sacrifice!" He held his
cock to her mouth for her to kiss. She complied taking it into her mouth and
sucking his huge beautiful shaft. As she sucked he stroked her hair and
fantasized aloud: "Suck me baby! Suck my cock dry and let me dream of your
mother fucking agonizing pathetic death! Suck, suck, suck! Oh yes, my sweet
little bitch, suck my cock dry! Oh shit, to be there and see you give up your
life in obedience to an anonymous Master would be pure ecstasy! I live for that
kind of pleasure! God, I bet I would never stop coming! Maybe we could have a
contest! Yes, a suicide contest and we would ask for ideas for the most erotic
form of suicide for you to commit! Oh, wouldn't that be exciting? Oh yes, suck
my sweet little whore! Suck it good! Yes, yes!"

As she sucked his hard purple cock, Master Terry got on his knees behind her and
inserted his swollen cock into her rectum. As his hard shaft separated the skin
and opened the dark hole to her bowels the stench of her shit drifted into the
room. Angel loved the smell of shit, it made her feel sensual and dirty. Terry
held on to her hips as he pushed his rigid cock deep into her shit hole. It slid
easily into her well-used rectum providing him instant pleasure.

"Oh yes!" He murmured. "Oh yes! Yes! I'm going to pack your shit back up into
your fucking throat you filthy pig! Suck his cock, whore! Suck his beautiful
cock you rotten piece of whore meat!"

He was slamming her ass with his groin as he closed his eyes savoring the
pleasures that were encircling his cock!

Angel loved it when her lovers talked dirty and demeaned her! She loved being
sexually humiliated and abused, especially by two men at the same time. It was a
an erotic fantasy she had dreamed about for years! As she sucked Jerry's cock,
her body joined the rhythm of Terry's anal penetration aching to feel the warm
flow of cum squirting in her ass and filling her mouth! She didn't even care if
she had an orgasm as they found pleasure with her, she only prayed they would
both explode inside her at the same time!

As she sucked, Jerry was running his hands through her long blond hair in a
loving caring manner that was in stark contrast to the words slipping across his
lips. "Oh, imagine Darling what it would be like for me. The ultimate orgasm!"
His body pumped her face harder and harder until he felt her wet sucking unlock
the valve in his body that secured his sperm. It boiled its way up through his
urinary tract bring with it the fire of orgasm burning in his loins! Up into his
swollen cock and regurgitating thick yellowish-white globs of cum into her
waiting mouth! His voice has lost its gentle tone as he slammed his hips into
her face, pulling her head into his groin! "Yes! Yes! Die Angel! Oh God yes, do
it for me! Oh Shit,shit,shit,shit,shit! Fucker! Aaaahhhhhhhhhh!"

Angel's face was slamming against his groin as he pumped his cum into her as an
excited Terry, overcome by the ferociousness of Jerry's attack on Angel's face,
pumped his cock hard, in and out of her rectum until he too felt the boiling
surge of hot sperm filling his rigid cock until it spit huge globs of thick
yellow cum into her waiting bowels! He screamed in ecstasy as he unloaded his
testicles into her shit hole as his fists came crashing down against her lower
back with a violence that found her knees buckling and she fell face down on the
floor, allowing Jerry's cock to slip from her mouth as her anus released Terry
dripping cock!

Spent from his orgasm Jerry sunk back into a chair, exhausted as Angel slowly
raised her body and crawled to his feet at the base of the chair. Angel was
trembling as she stopped in front of him on her hands and knees. Fresh cum was
smeared across her face and dripping from her lips onto the floor, as tears were
cutting paths down her cheeks. Her ass was hot and wet as Terry's load of cum
dripped from her shit hole! She felt as if she had been violated by something
the size of a baseball bat as Terry's cum ran freely from her ass hole! They
were serious! She couldn't speak but placed a hand on Jerry's calf and held
tight to his leg as her eyes begged him to have a change of heart. Deep inside
she knew that the decision would lie with Jerry and not Terry. She had witnessed
Terry's desire to please Jerry the night before, when he too had opened his
mouth and accepted and serviced Jerry's massive cock!

Regaining his composure, Jerry smiled and tapped her cheeks, wiping the
teardrops as he spoke. "You are so lovely when you are frightened. I can't even
imagine how beautiful you will be as your face is filled with the trauma of
complying with such a demand.  But oh, I can imagine the orgasmic pleasure I
would enjoy watching you as you inflict horrific, suicidal punishment onto your
body! You'll be crying my sweet. Crying and hopelessly begging me for mercy and
release from your vow of obedience, knowing I can never grant it. But Terry and
I will be there savoring every moment, as we hold off our orgasms until that
final moment when the fear in your eyes is replaced by peace and they roll back
into your head, your last gasping breath escapes your body as your chest sinks
and your hips shudder in cataclysmic ecstasy as you experience your final
orgasm, then and only then Terry and I will allow our cocks to ejaculate onto
your lifeless body! Oh it will be so beautiful!"

Terry edged his body up next to Angel as he joined in the conversation. " Oh
yeah, baby! To be there and watch you gurgle and gag as your bladder and bowels
release, as you breathe your last mother fucking breath and you become a
lifeless piece of garbage! Garbage! And we'll feed you to the fucking rats!" He
turned her head towards him.  "My God Angel, I know I'd have one hell of an
orgasm watching you! I'd cum all over your body and then I'd piss on you! Yes,
I'd piss on you! You'd like that, wouldn't you?"

She was sobbing! "I won't do it! I won't do it! Master, please! You can't be
this cruel! You'd have to hate me so much to allow such a thing! Tell me you
won't make me do such a thing!"

Chuckling, Master Terry patted her head. "Of course we will! Remember your vow
of obedience to me! You even signed the document releasing me from any liability
if you die as a result of our games." He had gritted his teeth and his soft
tones turned hard and malicious. His right hand grasped her throat and squeezed
her Adam's apple cutting off her air supply. "You will do as you are told, God
Damit! Don't you fucking dare to embarrass me in front of Jerry and don't give
me anymore of your whining selfish bullshit!"

"But... but..."

"Shhhh!" Terry held his index finger to his lips! "No butts, you selfish bitch! 
How dare you even contemplate denying me or Jerry or any other man a request of
pleasure at your pathetic expense? Cunt! You don't set the terms of this
relationship, I do! You promised to be my slave and do as I say. I say you will
obey the commands of any man who has a desire to inflict punishment upon your
flesh, especially if it excites me, and I guarantee you, watching you commit
suicide would be quite exciting!"

She now lay at his feet sobbing!

"My only hope," Jerry added:  "Is that whomever the guy is, he will make his
command quite specific and not permit you to take your life in some mundane
manner such as a wrist slashing or popping pills. I'd much prefer a suicide that
would be much more slow and erotic and exciting! Maybe something like...like,
let's see, yes, fucking yourself to death with a butcher knife!"

"Oh Christ!" Terry responded with excitement.

Jerry continued. "Yes, now that would be exciting, wouldn't it? To watch you
fuck your ugly cunt a long sharp butcher knife or maybe a red-hot curling iron!
Jesus just the thought of that makes me hot all over again! Maybe I should have
you do it right now! How'd you like that cunt?"  He began to massage his now
flaccid, but wet cock!

"Oh No! Oh Dear God! How horrible! Oh God Terry, I'm so scared, please don't let
him talk like this! How could you even think...Terry, I love you! Dear God you
can't mean it! You can't mean it Terry! I love you with all my heart!"

"I know you do Angel, and you know what? That's why hurting you gives me all the
more pleasure, because I know with you it's personal! You'll endure anything
just to prove your love for me, won't you?."

"Yes." She was choking on the word as it came out.

"You really want to know how I really feel about you Angel? I mean down deep in
my soul?"

"Yes."

His grip on her throat hardened as he spoke: "I hate you Angel! I hate you just
as I hate all women! You just happen to be the bitch that's handy!"

She was gagging and struggling for breath! "What? Hate?"

"I don't like fucking you as much as I love beating you! I love making you
scream and cry! I like you bound up tight so you can't move or resist any
mother-fucking thing I want to do to your pathetic body! That's what turns me
on! When I fuck you, the emotion that I feel is hate! Hate for every selfish,
mother fucking pussy, cunt, whore, bitch, cock-sucking slut out there! You're
like all the rest of the arrogant fucking cunt's who think their shit don't
stink! Bitches who think they can tease a man and then turn it off with a simple
No!  Angel, when I fuck you I want to drive my cock right through your fucking
heart! I want you to choke to death on my cum! Selfish tramps like you beg to be
raped and then close their legs and yell for a cop! Well, I'm a cop now and I
don't take bullshit from any bitch!"

"But, I... I would never close or refuse you...I lov..."

"Yeah love me! Love me you stupid cunt! You know what you are? You're a piece of
pain loving fuck meat that happens to breathe!  I'd rather jack-off than
contaminate my cock by sticking it inside your sour, rotten fish smelling cunt,
but you, you fucking bitch, you're just like all the others, you tease me and
taunt me, you run around in damn near nothing knowing you are driving me crazy!"

"But you want me naked!"

"Sure, you selfish hog! Blame me! You know the more I beat you the hotter I get
and you blame me! You know your suffering turns me on! But you like it! You want
it! You make me do it to you! You make me want to fuck you! You wear short
skirts so I can see your cunt! You want men to look and when we do you call us
perverts!"

"No, I never..."

"You wear thin blouses so I can see your nipples, or those deep cut dresses that
tease me and taunt me! You know I want to reach inside that dress and grab your
tits and squeeze them, but I can't because people would see! But then when were
alone, you play this fucking feminist game when I react to your sluttish
behavior! You want to turn me on and then deny me my most basic instinct as a
man, to fuck! You cock teasing slut!  Well Angel, here's a news flash for you!"
He reached down and brutally grabbed her breasts!  "That's why your tits look
the way they do! They turn me on, because I've made them the way they are,
distorted and ugly!"

Snapping out of her flashback, Angel looked her breasts in the mirror! She was
visibly trembling and felt emotional tears welling up. With her hands bound
behind her back in a hammerlock and anchored in that position with a taunt chain
attached to the collar around her neck that held her head erect, she couldn't
even attempt to cover the welts and scars her Master had inflicted upon her.

Master T said her breasts were evidence that she really was his pain slut and
slave! She had always been proud of her breasts. They had been so pretty and
firm before Master T had accepted her. Now, after being pierced by needles,
tortured by clamps and clothespins, and beaten with paddles they were inflamed,
bruised and in truth, little more than scarred pieces of meat sacrificed to help
her beloved Master achieve sexual release!

Returning to the moment at hand she studied her reflection in the mirror.  The
destruction of her breasts was not too much to pay to have a strong virile man
like Terry, even if he hated her, he has accepted her as his slave. She loved
him and no matter what he said, she knew somehow, in someway, he did care for
her! He needed her for release of the terrible pressure that would build up in
his testicles! She knew that men would suffer this terrible pressure in their
testicles and had a tremendous need to ejaculate and relieve themselves of that
pressure. That was the most important thing. To know she made him sexually
happy, because he would always ejaculate when he was finished with her! She
loved him so much and she loved what he did to her!

Her areolas and nipples were distended as a result of repetitive suction by
electric and manual suction cups that Master would make her wear for hours of
torment! The areolas protruded like they were brown golf balls under the skin of
her breasts and her nipples were an inch long and literally hung from her
areolas. A chain was suspended between the huge gold rings currently implanted
in each nipple and swung freely, inviting someone to pull, yank and twist them,
which Master T loved to do!

She could see where numerous capillaries in her breasts had burst as a result of
his tying them tight at the base so that they would turn black and blue from a
lack of blood supply.

She recalled the time he had hung her by her breasts from a joist in the
basement ceiling! God, she thought they were going to rip off! It was so
painful! While she hung there, filled with agonizing pain, Master Terry had
scolded her for being so provocative hanging like that, tempting him and showing
off her body like a wanton slut!  He cursed her, called her a tease and said she
deserved to be punished for her arrogance! He made her apologize for tempting
him, which she did, begging him to beat her and punish her! Then he beat her
breasts hard with a wooden paddle and then whipped the rest of her body with a
branch of a Russian olive tree until she passed out! He liked to use the branch
of a Russian olive tree because of the long sharp needles that cover every
branch! They were quick to puncture her flesh and provoke blood. The sight of
her blood really excited Master T!

She closed her eyes recalling the how tender her breasts were when he tied them
up like that. They would get so tender that she would scream from even a gentle
caress. The irritation of a shirt or blouse provoked intense discomfort! Master
T loved to kiss her deeply and passionately, as she kicked and screamed, his
mouth muffling her screams as he teased and taunted the black and blue nipples!

She had always enjoyed having her nipples pinched and whipped as well as her
clitoris, but Master T had taken her far beyond that fantasy into the depths of
masochistic ecstasy. Admittedly, she loved it! Even though her breasts were ugly
now by normal standards, she was proud of them. Just as Master T had said, her
scarred breasts bore marks of her complete servitude and demonstrated her love
and devotion to her Master!

For the shooting of the video, her ankles were also tethered with cuffs and a
two-foot spreader bar that made it very difficult for her to navigate,
especially in her spiked heels. Master T always made her walk in her ultra
high-heeled leather shoes!  The shoes stretched the muscles and tendons in her
legs so that the discomfort was almost unbearable! However, as she examined her
reflection, she had to admit that Master T was right, they made her legs all the
more beautiful and her ass, which had gotten a little flabby over her 35 years,
looked more youthful and protruded as if inviting someone to slap it or spank
it!

He had her apply make-up and fix her hair, before binding her arms with the
rope. She wore no clothing because Master T wanted Internet customers to see her
wounds right from the start, so they knew that she was a true slave and pain
slut, rather than some model. She examined her cunt jewelry: A silver bar had
pierced both folds of her labia and from it Master T. Normally, he hung a small
but heavy metal ball from that bar that had numerous sharp spikes protruding all
around the ball! It resembled the ball and chain used by the Romans when they
were used to kill Christians and by those who fought in the Crusades. When she
put her legs too close together the needle like spikes would cut into the tender
flesh of her thighs! He enjoyed taking her to the mall or other public places
and watch people laugh and make crude remarks about the way she walked in an
ultra short mini skirt with her legs spread wide. They had no idea of the pain
she would endure if she walked in a normal fashion and allowed the needles on
the ball to penetrate her tender thighs. Today, with the spreader bar between
her ankles, she didn't need the ball and chain to remind her to keep her legs
apart.

Master T hated it when women closed their legs together as if they had some
fucking treasure they were protecting! As if their cunts were something special!
He would say: "The only reason God gave women cunts was for fucking! Cunts
should be open and available to all men!" He told her this repeatedly and she
had come to realize the truth in what he contended. Master T thought women were
instinctively teases and that they loved getting men hot and excited and then
would say "No!" Even when they weren't playing their S/m, D/s games, she was not
to wear panties under she short skirts and when she sat down she was to keep her
legs spread to provide anyone present, visual access to her hairless cunt!

Master Terry didn't take her a lot of places, but occasionally to a fast food
restaurant where teenagers, old men and little kids would look up her dress and
make dirty remarks. They would laugh and joke and make comments about the slut,
pointing her out to others in the restaurant. Some teens would throw nickels or
dimes on the floor and ask for a fuck or a blowjob! Often times a mother would
stop by their table and call her a slut and on a couple of occasions women
stopped and slapped her face! This delighted Master Terry. He took pleasure in
apologizing to the women for his girl friends sluttish behavior and promised to
punish her! When they returned home she knew he would keep his promise and beat
her ass and the back of her thighs with a cane! She hated the cane for the welts
it left behind.

Even though Angel would never think of denying Master T access to her body in
any way, he insisted she wear the ball and chain to insure that she would never
forget! However, when he was not around and she had to go out in public, she
would cheat by placing a soft ball between her thighs, tightly against her
vagina to insure that her thighs would not touch! She walked funny with the
large soft ball lodged tightly against her cunt and people would also stare and
some would giggle, but the pain it prevented was worth the humiliation!

There was also a large gold ring that had been pierced through her clitoris with
a small gold heart attached to it. Inscribed on the heart was "Please hurt me!"

She also wore a thick white studded bitch dog collar around her neck, which
Master T had tightened so tight that the viewers could tell it was cutting into
her flesh!  As noted before, it was tightly attached to her arms by a taunt
chain, thus restricting her ability to look down. Also attached to ring in the
back of the dog collar, and pulled tight over her head was a strap with two
rubber coated metal hooks. One hook was inserted into each nostril, pulling her
nose up and open so she looked like a pig! He loved calling her "Miss Piggy!"
Also attached to the dog collar was a long piece of thin roping about eight feet
in length.

Master Terry had decided against having her wear a gag because during this first
tape, she was to be interviewed by Master T and a man she had never expected to
meet in person, a man named Jerry, or as she had learned last night she must
refer to as Master J. She had met Master J on the Internet. The two had been
Internet friends for some time and shared their S/m and D/s fantasies. She liked
Master J, but he did scare her. She never expected to actually meet him.

Jerry had arrived from San Antonio the night before so that he and Terry could
trade stories about Angel and get acquainted and have some fun with Angel before
today's taping. She recalled the night before:

She had been blindfolded when Jerry arrived. She had no idea it was the man she
had chatted with on the Internet and to whom she had revealed many of her most
intimate secrets. Jerry was a man who had shared with her, his lust to torture
and torment women. A man who had steered her to reading sado-masochistic stories
on the Internet that he enjoyed, only to discover they not only involved severe
torture, extreme isolation and humiliation, but also many included the snuffing
of women! She loved chatting with Jerry on the Internet and exchanging e-mails,
but he scared her and obviously, she never dreamed of meeting him.

She was to find out later that evening, that Jerry was a good-looking man in his
mid fifties, with silver hair, 6 foot, two inches tall. His skin was void a lot
of body hair, but he was deeply tanned from the waist up and from the knees down
as a result of wearing shorts. In contrast, his groin was milk white and at the
epicenter of his groin she would find his cock and humongous balls! He had
penetrating blue eyes and was lean and muscular!  His chest and abdomen were
lean and bore the muscles of a man who worked hard for a living. Except for the
silver hair, Jerry looked much younger than his fifty plus years! Jerry's cock
was circumcised, not quite as long as Terry's, but in a relaxed state it was a
good seven inches long and unusually thick in circumference. This huge chunk of
delicious sex meat sat atop a huge set of testicles buried in silver-blond pubic
hair! At 54 his cock still produced a potent erection and his testicles still
manufactured an abundance of creamy white, live sperm! 

At the moment, however, Angel was blindfolded on the floor in a kneeling
position awaiting the meeting of her two tormentors and wondering whom the
second man would turn out to be.

The two men had undressed and were relaxing in Terry's living room. Terry had
blindfolded Angel to keep her from knowing who the stranger was who would share
Terry's fun for the next couple of days. Terry had asked Jerry if he wanted to
join them for a long weekend of fun after Angel had confessed to him that she
had shared many of her most intimate sexual fantasies and some titillating
photos of herself with Jerry. Of course Jerry accepted, telling his wife he had
to attend a landscaping convention in Pittsburgh, where Terry and Angel lived He
had jumped on a plane in San Antonio and flew to Pittsburgh anxious to have some
sadistic playtime with his Internet bitch.

Terry had given Jerry his guest room, but indicated he probably wouldn't be
spending much time in there since the three of them would most likely share the
same bed during his stay! Jerry felt a little awkward undressing and walking
through this stranger's house until he found Terry and Angel in the living room.

Jerry found the two of them all ready settled in the living room when he
arrived. Terry was naked, sitting in a large leather chair that obviously was
his personal throne! He rose to meet Jerry and the two men shook hands, as they
cautiously examined each other's bodies, comparing manhood. Terry had at least
nine inches of cock hanging from his groin, compared to Jerry's seven, but it
was much thinner than Jerry's. Neither point bothered Jerry, but he liked
Terry's masculine hair, which covered most of his body. In gay terms, Terry was
a real bear, although his eyes reveal a more passive man! Both men appreciated
the fact that the other was not a sexual slouch! Terry the cop had a large body
with a thick chest and hard abs and stood 6'3"! He was about 220 pounds compared
to Jerry's 6'2", 200 pound frame.

Terry smiled: "Jesus, you've got the balls of stud bull!"

"Thanks!" Jerry replied: "Between us we should be able to handle one slut!" He
looked at the naked woman kneeling on the floor, blind folded. "So this is the
piece of fuck meat we're going to play with for the next few days?"

"Yeah, I'm sorry, I know she's not much!" He said with a wink.

Angel felt herself grow flush with embarrassment. Terry was being intentionally
rude so as to demean her and it was working.

Terry continued with a wink: "I mean, once you see how ugly her tits are you may
regret coming all the way to Pittsburgh! If they make you vomit, I'll
understand. She's pretty pathetic. I've tried to teach her some humility, but
she keeps taunting and teasing me! Shit, I tie her up and she automatically
starts twisting and screaming like an arrogant bitch! She knows that turns me
on, even though I have told her not to tease me like that, but the slut just
seems to beg for punishment!  So, I have to punish her, you know what I mean?"

"Yeah, these cunts! They tease and tease and then wonder why they piss us off! I
mean, look at her kneeling there like a dumb fucking footstool, showing us her
ass like it's something special! And look at her tits! Jesus, they are hanging
there like a couple of punching bags!" He lifted his bare foot and gently kicked
her in the stomach!

She emitted an agonizing groan and fell forward onto the floor!

 "Hey cunt!" Jerry yelled. "Sit up on your knees and let me see that ugly
fucking face!"

She pushed herself up onto her knees and turned to the direction of his voice.
Jerry smiled as he glanced appreciatively at Terry. Angel had a long narrow
face, framed by long blond hair that complimented her five foot ten body! Her
lips were full and she had a beautifully shaped nose. He couldn't see her eyes
because of the blindfold, but he could tell that she was an attractive, hot
slave. He nodded approval to Terry. She was as attractive and as appealing he
had hoped she would be. Unconsciously, he began stroking his cock as it climbed
to a horizontal position, filling with his blood! "God, you're right, she is
ugly as shit!"

Angel wanted to cry. Who was this crude, mean spirited man?

Terry watched Jerry's cock become erect with a little envy. He acknowledged to
himself that this 54 year old was definitely a man and he tried to suppress a
desire that rushed to the forefront of his thinking. A thought that said
sometime during the next few days he was going to taste and or be fucked by that
gorgeous hunk of meat! The feminine side of his psyche swept through his body!
He had never had a homosexual encounter, but he had a strong compulsion to reach
down and touch Jerry's cock and to feel what those two swollen testicles
actually felt like! He found himself suppressing a desire  to fall to his knees
and take that swollen cock into his mouth! His dormant homosexual desires rose
from recesses of his brain and ignited a fuse that was connected to his groin!
His sphincter muscles contracted and he felt the heat begin to rise as his blood
supply left his brain and with a rush began to fill his penis! His hand was now
stroking his cock, not thinking of the pleasures of tormenting the slut at his
feet, but of the man standing beside him! Almost instantly, pre-cum began to
drip from his piss hole in anticipation!

With his peripheral vision Jerry noticed that Terry was also getting quite hot
and stroking himself. "Looks like we're both ready for a little action!"

Embarrassed Terry swallowed hard. "Yeah! I guess!" He was not about to admit as
to what was turning him on, so he turned to Angel, lifted her to a standing
position and guided the blindfolded woman to the dining room table. "Common
whore! Let's show our guest your filthy cunt!" He told her to lift her ass and
scoot up on the table.

Angel complied. She got up on the table and Terry instructed her to spread her
legs so he could show his guest her ugly cunt! She could only imagine how she
must look laying on the table with her legs spread exposing her most private
parts to this stranger.

Terry started his very dehumanizing lecture: "As you can see, her cunt has been
stretched by several cocks! God knows how many men this bitch as let fuck her! 
I'm sorry about the stench! Her cunt always stinks like rotting fish!"

"I washed..." Angel blurted.

Terry's hand slammed against her tender vulva! "Shut the fuck up! Who the fuck
gave you permission to speak?"

"She always this rude?" Jerry asked with a smile to Terry. "Jesus, all we want
to do is look at her cunt!"

"I'm sorry." She said, choking on humiliation and embarrassment. "But I did wash
Master."

"Hey! I thought your Master told you to shut up! You're embarrassing your
Master, now shut up!" Jerry interjected with another wink to Terry.

Terry continued his dehumanizing description of her pussy. "It is also easy to
tell she's had two kids! See the stretch marks. Cunt never exercises or diets.
Her daughter just turned 17. She's a bastard child. Hot little shit you'll meet
before you leave. Hell, you may even get a chance to fuck her! The father was
smart. He said; fuck this bitch and left! My guess he left with good reason!
Can't blame him, smell that cunt! God, sometimes it makes me sick!" He then
offered Jerry a pair of latex gloves. "Here, you may not want to contaminate
yourself by touching her cunt with your bare hands!"

"Thanks." Jerry replied. "It looks pretty filthy."

Angel heard the snap of the latex gloves snapping on his hands.

Terry pulled back the folds of her labia. "You can see she's got a decent size
clit." He flicked it with his latex covered fingers. "Like that slut?" He asked.

"Yes Master." Angel answered.


"Interesting thing you might like to know, she can fuck all day and has a hell
of a time achieving orgasm!" Terry added quite seriously.

Jerry probed her vaginal walls and squeezed her clitoris until she emitted an
agonizing moan. "It's possible she has achieved a plateau of sensuality and
needs to experience a more severe depth of pain in order to achieve orgasm. I
recommend we spend the next few days taking her to new levels of pain! I know I
would find that stimulating."

"It's worth a try." Terry said. He tugged on the gold ring he had pierced
through the dangling piece of flesh. "Should have heard her scream when we had
this little shit pierced! Both the guy doing it at the tattoo parlor and I damn
near came in our pants! I think it helps decorate an otherwise pretty repulsive
cunt, you agree?"

"Yeah", Jerry replied. "Mind if I give it a little yank?"

"Hell no! Give it a big yank! Hell, with her big mouth, you probably know more
about her than I do. Far as I'm concerned, she's yours this weekend, as much as
she is mine! Knock yourself out, have a ball! Fuck her up good! Angel and I have
discussed the influence of other Masters and that she will honor their needs,
haven't we my sweet?"

She was biting her lower lip and her chin was trembling as she managed a "Yes
Master."

Jerry walked around to the side of the table, stuck his finger in the ring and
leaned over and kissed Angel on the lips. It was a warm wonderful kiss and Angel
found herself returning it. He then whispered: "Now I'm going to hurt you, you
want me to, don't you?"

Angel knew there was only one answer: "Ye, yes." Came the weak reply, her voice
trembling.

"It would be nice if you would say please." Jerry coaxed.

Her whole body was shaking. "Pa, Pa, Please!"

"Please what?" He pressed.

Her voice was quivering with fear which was an added turn on for both Jerry and
Terry: "Pa..Pa...Please hur..hurt...hurt me!"

"Okay darling, if you insist." With that he gave a merciless yank that lifted
the trunk of her body off the table as a horrific scream raped her throat and
caused her bladder to release piss and a loud fart bursts from her rectum! Her
scream continued for several seconds after he released the ring.

Terry was still at the end of the table. He was pumping his cock and breathing
heavy. "Jesus! I've got a lot to learn from you man! Did you see her piss gush
out! We've got to do that for the tape! That was so fucking exciting!

Jerry returned the end of the table, between Angel's legs.  "I really like this
little spreader bar between her labia. Inhibit fucking?"

"Yeah, but it comes off with a slight twist! I use it to hang cunt jewelry and
weights! It's amazing how these two tiny pieces of flesh can be stretch with a
couple of weights!"

Jerry laughed: "I'll bet!"

Roughly probing Angel's tender vagina, Terry spread the folds of her pussy and
inserted a couple of fingers! "Cunts already wet, look at that! That's not just
piss! Damn good thing we're wearing gloves!" He said removing he sloppy wet
fingers and showing his new friend.

"That's good! I hate a dry cunt. Some women turn 30 and they start to dry up!"
Jerry said slipping his index finger in her cunt and probing. "You like that
bitch?"

"Yes sir." Angel responded her face pushed against the table. She was so
humiliated. Never had she had two men treat her in such a callous manner and
discuss her sexuality as if she really were a piece of meat in a meat market!

Jerry then separated the folds of her labia, spreading the opening of her pink
wet pussy as wide as he could and pushed the four fingers of his hand inside
making a sloshing sound as he did so!

Angel let out a groan that indicated discomfort and Terry chuckled aloud. "She's
a little sloppy, but with a thick cock like yours I'm sure you'll enjoy an
adequate fuck!"

"Ever stick any pins or needles up inside and see how she reacts?" Jerry asked.

"No, but what the hell, while you're here we can try it! Why not?"

"Master?" Angel's voice was desperate and filled with fear!

"Shut up bitch!" Terry responded coldly.

"When we want your input young lady, we will ask for it!" Jerry added. Then
looking at Terry he said: "I think I'd like to fuck her now!"

"Go ahead. The cunt is yours! Have at her."

"First, you got any rope? Long piece about say, ten, twelve feet long?"

Terry thought for a moment and said: "Sure!" With that he went off to retrieve
it.

As he left, Jerry instructed Angel to turn over onto her stomach. He then went
to the end of the table above Angel's head and pulled hard. The two sections of
the dining room table separated. He pulled it a little farther apart and then
instructed Angel to scoot down so that her breasts fell between the two sections
and were hanging between the sections. Once she was in position he pushed the
end back towards the other section so that her breasts were trapped between the
two pieces of heavy wood. Then nudging the table he continued to push the one
end of the table until her breasts were pinched and she was unable to release
them!

"Does that hurt?" He asked, stroking her long blond hair.

"Yes sir, a little." Came her weak response. He could see her drooling on the
table and it excited him.

"Well, let me know when it hurts a lot!" He answered giving the table a couple
more hard shoves. With the second shove she let out another blood curdling
scream! He smiled. "Yes, that should do it."

Terry came back the rope and was amazed at the image in front of him. "God, what
a great idea!" He said, bowing and looking under the table. He reached under and
slapped one of her breasts, enjoying the yelp that escaped her lips as he did
so.

"You may want to get under there and play with her, once I start fucking! God,
I'm so God damn hot I feel like I'm going to explode before I get inside the
bitch!"

"Need help?"  Terry asked.

"No, I got it." Jerry secured one end of the rope to Angel's right ankle, ran it
up and looped it around her neck once and then pulled it down to the other
ankle. Before securing it to the second ankle he lifted her right leg so that
her calve was pressed against the back of her thigh, made sure it was looped
properly around her neck and then pulled it down and secured the left leg in the
same manner as the right one. Her head was now lifted slightly off the table. To
lower her head or to attempt to lower her legs would cause the rope to choke
her! Jerry liked bondage and fear. Knowing that she could possibly choke herself
to death while he fucked her excited him! Given how short the table was and her
height, the way she was positioned on the table, her lower abdomen was hanging
off the end of the table allowing plenty of access to her cunt as well as her
ass, if he so chose!

"Got a dildo, butt plug, wooden spoon or something like that?" He asked.

Terry grabbed a five-inch dildo and handed it to him.

"Great!" Jerry separated the cheeks of Angel's ass, spit on the dildo and
without care or compassion shoved it into her rectum as she released a
blood-curdling scream! She continued to scream as he twisted it and pushed it
deeper into her colon! As he worked it in he spoke: "Trouble with you bitch is
that you think of this as your shit hole when it really is a fuck hole! We're
going to spread this while I'm here and before I leave I'm going to fuck you
back here with a fucking baseball bat! You got that?"

"Beautiful!" Terry exclaimed. "Jesus, I've got a lot to learn!" He was pumping
his cock but at the same time attempting to hold back his ejaculation and
orgasm.

Jerry only smiled as he laid his head on the table so his face was only inches
from Angel's, who was still blindfolded. "I'm going to fuck you now darling! I
would suggest you remain as still as possible or you might choke yourself to
death or you might tear your pretty titties and we wouldn't like that, would
we?"

With the rope cutting into her throat, Angel could only reply is a raspy voice.
"No."

"Are you ready to have me fuck you?"

"Ya..Ye..Yes sir."

It was obvious she was frightened and he liked that! He turned to Terry, "Why
don't you get under the table and play with her pretty tits. I understand she
likes her nipples pinched nice and hard, makes her hot! You make sure she stays
nice and hot and gives me a good fuck! Who knows, maybe she'll finally have an
orgasm."

"Yeah, sure!" Terry said crawling under the table. Her breasts were all ready
turning red and were obviously quite tender. Terry lay on his back, stroking his
own cock with one hand while molesting her nipples and breasts with the other.
He pinched and squeezed them, occasionally biting a nipple with his teeth! He
began to hit them as if they were punching bags and enjoying her screams of
pain! As he cursed her for tempting his friend! She was supposed to be his slut,
but she did nothing but tease his friend to the point that he had to fuck her
and fuck her hard!

She was crying and screaming and the position of her legs was extremely
uncomfortable, but she knew that even the slightest relief would cause the rope
to tighten around her neck!

Jerry stepped between her legs and inserted his huge swollen cock into her pink
wet pussy! Sweat was already beading up on his forehead and chest as he placed
his hands on her folded calves and pushed his enormous cock into her wet pussy!
As if he had opened a valve, air escaped his lungs as his eyes closed and he
pushed through the walls of her cunt, burying his cock inside her vagina!

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh! Angel, I'm finally fucking you, you pig! You beautiful
masochistic pig! Oh yes! Oh, I've wanted to do this for so fucking long!  Angel,
I'm going to do it Angel! All the pain you ever dreamed about! All the
suffering! You're going to get it!"

With one hand he gave the dildo another shove, leaning on it and forcing it to
penetrate the shit in her colon!

"Oh how I want to hurt you Angel! You're going to get it Angel! Tighten your
vaginal muscles you sloppy cunt bag! Tighten them damit!" His hands had moved to
her back and his short fingernails were ripping abrasions in her flesh!

Angle wished she was free and could embrace him totally like a real lover! He
was so big and he felt so good! She tried to tighten her vaginal hold on his
enormous cock as he pumped it in and out of her vagina! Who was this man? So
mean! So wonderful! "Yes!" she blurted! "Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Hurt me you
bastard! Hurt me good!"

Jerry reached down under his cock and found the gold clitoris ring and with
every inward thrust of his cock he yanked it provoking another ear shattering
scream! "You like that cunt? You told me you like clit pain, you like that you
fucking pain slut?" His body was covered with sweat and he was breathing
incredibly hard as his body continued to slam against her cunt! "Terry hurting
your tits? You said you like you nipples to hurt, are they fucking hurting? Rip
'em off Terry, Rip her fucking nipples off!"

Angel's mind was racing. Was it? Could it be? He wouldn't come this far just to
fuck her! She was getting dizzy as the rope was choking off her oxygen supply!
Her head was spinning! "Oh God, is it really you? Could it be? Am I going crazy
or is it? Is it, is it you Jerry?"

"Yes you bitch! It's me! And I'm here to fuck you up good!"

"Oh shit! Oh yes! Oh Jerry, yes! Fuck me Jerry! Fuck me good! Oh God Jerry fuck
me! Fill me with your cock! Make me your whore! I'm having one! I'm having an
orgasm! More! Harder! Harder damit! Get me pregnant with your baby! Oh God I've
dreamed of this! Oh yes! Yes! Oh Jesus, I'm Cumming! I'm Cumming! I'm
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"You hear that Terry? You hear that? Your fucking cunt slut wants my fucking
baby! She's your slave and she wants me to impregnate her sour fucking womb!  If
she was my slave slut, I kill the fucking whore!"

His body was now lost in uncontrollable pumping, seeking release of the molten
lava in his enormous testicles! His eyes were closed and images were spinning
through his mind! Her juices were engulfing his cock! And then he felt it! The
release of the rock melting lava cum as it oozed from a small crack in his
testicle plumbing, helping to push open the gates further and further until a
searing heat raged through his groin, turning pleasure to pain as it bubbled and
churned, scorching his groin, moving faster and faster until it was at the base
of his thick, hard cock, burning the inner walls of his penis as it rushed to
towards his piss head and freedom outside his body! Then it hit! The volcanic
eruption of thick, hot, white cum burst from his piss hole shooting deep into
Angel's waiting womb! He let out an orgasmic scream that could not match the
pleasure soaring through his entire being! He pumped and pumped, seeking to
deliver every drop of semen that has been stored in his huge reservoir of lust!

As he relaxed enough to open his eyes he saw that Angel was lying quite still on
the table, while Terry had climbed up on the table and was kneeling over Angel's
head. He was sporting an exhausted, but satisfied smile. "I had to cum on her
and then when she said she was Cumming and she wanted your baby, I pissed on
her! I pissed all over the slut's head!

Jerry smiled back and nodded. "She all right?"

"I don't know. I think she just passed out. Better untie the rope."

Jerry reach out and undid one of the knots, releasing the bound leg and allowing
the rope to loosen around Angel's neck as Terry pulled the table apart,
releasing her bruised breasts. She was now dead weight and her body slipped back
towards Jerry and fell from the table onto the floor!

"Looks like you enjoyed it." Terry said.

"I've wanted to fuck her ever since we met on the Internet! God, that was worth
the trip!"

As the two men stood there, panting and sweating, Terry looked down at Jerry
cock, still half erect and covered with cum and Angel's juices.

"I know this sounds sick. I'm not queer, at least I don't think so! I've never
been with a man, but I've got this strong urge, desire, I...would you mind if I
tasted that?" He nodded towards Jerry's cock dripping cum.

Jerry managed a smile as he looked down at his spent cock. "No, no, I don't
mind, but I've got to sit down first." He walked over to Terry's throne chair
and sat down, spreading his legs and with an exhausted smile cutting across his
face: "Have at it, enjoy!"

Terry knelt before Jerry. "Please don't say anything to anyone about this. I'm
really not a queer!" He spoke sheepishly.

"Of course you are, you're my queer and it's just between us. Now taste it like
you know you need to."

Realizing the truth of Jerry words, he slowly lowered his mouth towards Jerry's
groin he paused again. "You were great Jer! Really great! I've got so much to
learn: Teach me, teach me Jer!"

"I will." Jerry responded, "But from now on I think you should honor me by
referring to me as Master J."

A weak submissive smile crossed Terry's face. "Yes Master J." He closed his eyes
and dropped his jaw, allowing Jerry's large flaccid cock to enter his mouth so
he could minister to it orally. It was good! It was so good! He moved one hand
so as to cup Jerry's swollen hairy testicles and put the other at the base of
Jerry's cock so as to keep it in his mouth as it once again grew hard in this
new fuck hole.

As he worshiped Jerry's cock and balls with his mouth he didn't notice Angel
come to a few feet away. Her blindfold had come off and as she wiped her eyes
she witnessed the submission of her Master to another man. She crawled to his
side and kissed his shoulder as he continued to suck Jerry's cock. "Oh yes
Master, suck him! It's so beautiful, isn't it! We both belong to him now, don't
we Master!"

Jerry leaned back, closed his eyes and smiled. He knew this was going to be a
weekend to remember!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





