BDSM Library - In a Fowl Mood




In a Fowl Mood
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Female vet screws up and is punished for her error. Semi-autobiographical and the first story of a series.
In As Fowl Mood

I live in a small village in the rural west of England, one of those places with
a couple of dozen houses, a pub, general store, and a church. Some dozen or so
miles from the nearest town of any size, it was quiet and sleepy.

I'd bought the house on my return from an extended appointment overseas, as I
needed somewhere quiet to get away from the stress of my job in London. I live
alone and the house is really far too large to be practical, but I'd fallen in
love with it as soon as I saw the place. What really clinched it were the views
across the valley and the several acres of land that came with the property. The
top third or so was forested - the result of deliberate planting, rather than
natural woodland - with a couple of more or less dilapidated old cottages
alongside the woods. I planned to fix these up in due course, and perhaps let
them out. The house itself was halfway up the hill, with the forested area
above, and fields gently sloping away to a small river below. The river is a
classic English chalk trout stream, or so I am told, and since the fishing
rights came with the land, I didn't see any harm in this. The sellers were an
old couple wanting to retire to warmer climates, and the deal was soon done. I
paid more than the property was really worth, but what the hell. I loved it, and
I could afford it. The size of the house was nothing that a maid could not keep
under control.

As they were moving into a much smaller property, along with the house and
outbuildings I inherited much of the furniture and fittings - which suited me
fine - but also the resident animal population. The cats and two dogs I could
handle, but it was the fifty-some sheep and a hundred or so chickens that I was
less sure about. At first I'd had nightmare visions of me chasing mobile lamb
dinners around the hillside but the reality was much tamer. Apart from a couple
of hectic weeks at lambing time, the sheep were fluffy white objects on the
hillside and the chickens needed little more than food and water. They supplied
me with enough eggs to feed the entire village, so I soon became the centre of
the local unofficial egg industry. I'd give away eggs to all and sundry and in
return I'd get the occasional home made loaf, side of bacon, and so on.

A neighbour in the village - let's call him John - ran a veterinary practice in
the nearby town. As well as handling the usual run of small pets and farm
animals, he'd specialised in treating large birds and although just short of his
thirtieth birthday, he was an acknowledged expert in the field and his practice
had an enviable reputation. As a result, he was often invited to speak at
conferences or to spend time at zoos or conservation centres teaching their
staff.

John's wife - let's call her Kate - was also a vet. She was rather younger than
her husband having met him when she spent her university work placement year at
his practice, and married him soon thereafter. Kate was now becoming well known
in her own right as a vet and stood in for him at the practice whenever her
husband went away on one of his teaching sessions.

Kate was a real jewel. Perhaps five foot two tall and very slender, she had a
habit when off duty of wearing tight, cut off shorts that displayed a fine pair
of gorgeously shaped legs to perfection. Straight, raven-black hair and
sparkling dark brown eyes were set off against fine, milky skin and an
infectious smile. I had always quietly fancied her, and once or twice had caught
her giving me a coy look. At the time, I'd written these off, as she and John
seemed so happy together.

One weekend, I went out to feed the chickens and found several of them lying
down, obviously distressed. I checked that they had water and food, and finding
both decided that the problem lay somewhere else. I went indoors and picked up
the phone, calling John on his business number. To my surprise, Kate answered.

"John is away", she told me, "so can I help?". I described the problem and she
told me to wait, she'd be straight over. A couple of minutes later, the doorbell
rang. There was Kate, bag in hand.

She rushed out to my field, grabbed the first downed chicken, and shoved a
needle up its ass. "No problem", she told me, and moved on to the next bird.
"Leave it to me". I did as I was told and went indoors. An hour or so later,
Kate came in and told me that she'd jabbed all the birds. A sizeable bill for
treatment was presented, and she went away.

The next morning, I got out of bed late, and let the cat and dogs out. The dogs
promptly went nuts - as only dogs can do - and so I went to see what the problem
was. I found a field full of dead and dying chickens. I ran indoors and
telephoned John, but again Kate answered the phone. I told her what was wrong,
and in a few minutes, she arrived, running out to my field.

A while later, she came into the house, looking upset. "I'm afraid that most of
your birds are dead", she said. I don't know why, but I'll find out. Kate left.

A few hours later, the phone rang. Kate was on the line, very upset. "Your birds
died of chicken flu", I was told. "It's apparently a common complaint at the
moment, and we were sent a notification but I had not had time to read it." 
"I'm sorry," she said. "I should have read that damned mail. I know I should. I
just couldn't be bothered. And now" there was a pause. "It's all my fault and I,
I want to make it up to you. If only you please don't report this, please," she
pleaded. "John will be a laughing stock if this gets out - a renowned bird
expert whose practice couldn't cure chickens with a cold"

I sighed and looked at my reflection in the mirror. "I guess that's not a real
problem. What do you want me to do?"

"I'll come over", she told me, and hung up. A couple of minutes later the
doorbell rang and I let Kate in. She lowered her head and stood silently. All
that I could see were the tips of two suddenly bright red ears poking out of her
hair. "Okay, what did you have in mind", I asked her, and waited for the answer.

"I want you to spank me", she finally whispered in a small voice.

I sat down heavily in a chair as my mind raced. Now, I've always enjoyed giving
a woman a good spanking but *this* was totally unexpected. The sound of the
blood rushing in my ears suddenly became overwhelming. Time seemed to stand
still as I gaped at her like an idiot goldfish. Some seconds or years later, I
managed to draw breath and speak. "What did, what did you say?" was all that I
could get out, my voice sounding like a frog gargling gravel.

"I need to be spanked!" she said firmly. Her head came up and she looked
directly at me, eyes moist and yet somehow strangely pleading. "I'll do whatever
you say," she finished. Her head went down again and she stared at the floor.

I said nothing, thinking quickly. With a quick shake of the head, I made up my
mind. "Very well," I replied. "The conditions are these: every day for the next
five days you will come here for a spanking at six o'clock in the evening. Each
day you will receive two dozen strokes. The first spanking will be today. You
will remove your jeans and I will use my hand on your panties. Each subsequent
day you will remove one more item of clothing and I will use a more severe
implement. After each spanking, I will tell you what implement will be used the
next day."

As I finished there was a hiss of indrawn breath and Kate looked at me,
wild-eyed. "But"

I interrupted her rather brusquely. "Those are my conditions. Take them or leave
them!"

A long pause, as her eyes moistened. "Okay", she said. She turned and started
for the door.

"At six o'clock precisely, then" I said, "and don't be late!" Kate stopped and
looked at me, and then without a further word went out of the door.

I spent the remainder of the afternoon wondering about that evening - would she,
or wouldn't she? Eventually, I gave up running my mind around in circles and got
on with the jobs that I had to do.

At six o'clock, there came a ring on the doorbell. Although it was raining, I
took my time answering, as I wanted to make a point. Finally, another ring came
and I opened the door. Kate stood there, dripping wet and dressed in jeans, a
white top, and heavy overcoat. As the door swung wide, she looked up at me but
then quickly dropped her gaze to the floor. "I'm here", she said.

"Come in", I replied. Kate stepped over the threshold and into the house. I
gestured to her to go into the house in front of me. I had deliberately set my
favourite chair in front of the television, which was now blaring away to
itself. "Let me take your coat". Kate handed me her overcoat. "Make yourself
comfortable", I said, and went to hang up the wet coat to dry.

When I returned to the lounge, Kate was perched on the edge of a chair watching
the programme that happened to be on. When I came through the door she looked at
me then quickly looked away. I waited, noting with pleasure that she was
gradually going a deep shade of red. I let the silence drag on for a bit, then
asked "Kate, have you accepted my decision?". Silence. "Do you accept the
conditions that I have set?", I tried again. Another silent pause. "Yes", was
the eventual response, very quietly. "I did not hear that", I answered. "YES",
she said. Good, I thought, but what I said was "very well then, take off your
trousers and come and lay across my knees". I sat down on the chair; Kate looked
at me, and then took off her shoes and removed her trousers, as I had
instructed. Those infinitely long legs were exposed to my gaze. I must confess
that I examined them without any shame - in fact, quite the opposite.

Kate took the necessary few steps forward, and laid herself across my knees.
"Put your arms behind your back", I commanded. As Kate crossed her arms behind
her, I took a firm hold of them with my left hand, intending to make sure that
they did not get the chance to interfere with what was to follow. A rather nice
backside clad in plain white cotton panties was now presented to my gaze. I
intended to make the most of the opportunity, so pulled her panties taut and
raised my arm, quickly bringing it down again. As my hand impacted on the
presented cheeks there was a familiar sound . SLAP. Kate bucked and grunted.
SLAP, as I hit her again. This time, her back arched and a squeak came out.
SLAP, again and again, until Kate was wriggling and squealing.

I carried on without mercy, enjoying the sight of that well-shaped female bottom
bouncing around under my hand until all twenty-four swats had been delivered.
When I finished, I held her there, admiring my handiwork. Eventually, I let her
arms go and she slid down onto the floor. She laid there, sobbing for a little
while, and then got to her feet, swaying, and asked, "may get dressed and I
leave now?". "Yes", I said. Kate put her jeans back on in silence, and started
to leave.

As she went out of the door, she turned to me and asked "what will you do to me
tomorrow? You promised that you'd tell me before hand." Silence ensued as I
thought about it. I looked at her and said, "you have beautiful hair. Do you
brush it every day?". There was a pause. "Yes", came the hesitant answer. "Well
then, tomorrow, you will bring your longest hairbrush. Do you understand?".
Again, a pause followed by "yes" in a small voice. "Well then, I will see you
tomorrow", I said, and closed the door.

The next day, at six o'clock, the doorbell rang again, and Kate was outside as I
opened the door. As soon as the door was opened, she stepped inside without
being asked, and walked through to the lounge. Today, she was wearing long black
trousers and a black woollen top, and was carrying a small pink sports bag. "I'm
here", she said. What must I do now?

"Today," I told her, "you strip down to your bra and panties. Go ahead".

Modestly, she turned her back and started to disrobe. Soon she stood there
quietly, dressed only in white cotton bra and panties.

"Before we start", I said, "there is something you need to learn. It is called
the submissive position, and it looks like this".

I demonstrated, standing with my legs slightly more than shoulder width apart,
chest and backside pushed out, hands behind my head, and eyes closed.

"You try", I said. Kate obeyed. "Push your chest forwards, and put your hands
behind your back", I ordered, and Kate moved obediently. Her eyes were closed,
and she stood there looking vulnerable and helpless. I waited long enough to
give her time to remember how the position felt, and then told her "from now on,
when you undress you will assume that position without being told".

She nodded.

"Then, you will assume the same position once your spanking is over, and stand
there until I tell you to move".

Kate paled a little, and glanced at me, nodding again.

"Fetch your hairbrush", I said. Kate opened the sports bag and extracted a heavy
wooden hairbrush. It had a handle perhaps a foot long, with a hand sized head
sporting a set of stiff bristles on one side. I sat down in my chair. Kate
handed me the brush and laid herself across my lap. I took her right arm and
held it up between her shoulders. Lifting the brush, I whacked her hard on the
left cheek. Whap, it went, and Kate gasped. I waited perhaps fifteen seconds,
then laid another stroke on her right cheek. Whap, again, and another gasp. I
waited for a few seconds, and hit her left cheek. This time, a cry of pain. I
began to lay the brush on in earnest, hitting each cheek in turn and making the
interval between strokes shorter. After the fifth or sixth stroke, Kate was
crying openly. When I had delivered all the strokes, I let her get up.
Immediately, her hands flew to her bottom and started rubbing. "Stand Up", I
yelled, and her eyes flew open in surprise. Slowly, she adopted the submissive
position. I let her stand in the corner like that for a few minutes, watching
the crimson blush showing around her panties slowly darken, then told her to get
dressed.

"Wear a dress tomorrow", I instructed her, as she walked out of the door. "You
will strip down to your panties, and I will use a paddle on you". She nodded as
she left, still crying quietly.

The next evening, there was a knock at the door a couple of minutes before six.
Kate had arrived. She was dressed - as instructed - in a summer dress that ended
a couple of inches above her knees. I let her in, and gestured toward the study.
She kicked off her shoes, and walked into the room. "Undress", I told her.

Kate pulled her dress up over her head, dropping onto the floor as she kicked
off her shoes. Her arms went behind her back, and removed her bra. It fell to
the floor revealing a pair of perfectly formed, tight, small breasts topped with
small, dark nipples. She stood up, closed her eyes, and adopted the submissive
position, wearing nothing but her panties. Her legs were well apart, backside
pushed out behind her with her breasts standing out in front. I guess that my
eyes were about popping out of my head, so it was fortunate that her eyes were
closed. With a considerable effort, I prevented myself from bending forwards and
taking her nipples into my mouth. I let her stand there for a few minutes as I
enjoyed the sight.

Eventually, I picked up my paddle and moved around behind her. The paddle was
quite an implement, some 18 inches long, four inches wide and nearly an inch
thick, and made of good solid ash. "Kate, I am going to give you the first six
swats while you stand in the submissive position", I told her. "Are you ready?".
A nod.

I swung the paddle hard, down and up, landing at the bottom of her ass cheeks.
"Ummmph", came from Kate as she involuntarily stepped forwards a pace. As she
stood up, I swung again without warning. "Oh shit!" she moaned, hopping up and
down. "Stand still!", I yelled, and she froze. I swung again, targeting the top
of her behind this time. A low moan, followed by a scream as the next stroke
landed on the other cheek. Kate was now shaking in pain, as I swung for the
fifth time. This stroke landed on the outside of her right hip, and she fell
sideways onto the floor, wriggling in pain. I let her be until she had calmed
down, and then swung the paddle for the sixth time, catching her in the middle
of her cheeks as she lay sobbing on the floor. Kate howled, writhing around the
floor in pain. I let her be for a little while, then told her to stand up and
assume her position. After a couple of failed attempts, Kate stood up, and
swaying, put her arms behind her head. She had gone very pale, with bright pink
cheeks and an even brighter red behind. I let her stand there.

After some five minutes or so, I got up and fetched a straight-backed chair from
the corner, and placed it in the middle of the room. "Come here", I told Kate.
She slowly moved over to me, keeping her arms behind her head. "Bend over the
chair", I said, "putting your feet outside the legs, and holding on to the front
of the chair as low as possible". Reluctantly, she bent over into the position I
had described. I picked up four lengths of stout cord, and tied her ankles and
wrists to the chair.

Picking up the paddle again, I took a double handed grip and swung hard. There
was a sharp report like a pistol shot and Kate bucked, actually moving the chair
across the floor. "Owwwh", came from Kate, rising in pitch like a siren. I swung
again, cutting her short, then again and again. Once I had delivered the
remaining strokes, I left her there, moaning in her agony and went to make
myself a cup of coffee. After the kettle had boiled, I returned and loosened the
bonds, letting her fall to the floor.

I was sitting in the kitchen, pretending to read the paper when Kate gingerly
walked in through the door, trying not to let her dress rub her sore behind. She
had stopped crying, and stood there looking at me. I offered her a cup of
coffee, but she refused, saying that she needed to go home. I told her to go,
adding the details of tomorrow's punishment. I intended her to strip naked, and
I would use a strap. Her eyes opened wide, and she left without saying anything.

The next day, I left my front door unlocked and ajar. Kate arrived and let
herself in, calling my name. I happened to be in my study finishing off a report
for work when she arrived. I glanced at her, and told her to get ready.

Kate took off her dress, folding it over a chair. She blushed red, looking at
me, then turned around and slowly removed her bra, and then her panties. I
admired her well-muscled back, and the shapely behind, which was still showing
the after-effects of yesterdays paddling. Kate stopped with her back to me, and
looked over her shoulder. Without asking, she placed her hands behind her head,
and opened her legs shoulder width apart, still with her back to me.

I told her to turn around, keeping her eyes closed. As she obeyed, her body was
slowly revealed to me, displaying a thick, dark bush at the base of her flat
belly. She stopped facing me, legs slightly parted. "Open your legs wider", I
told her. Kate obeyed. "Wider still", I said, harshly. Eventually, her legs were
more than three feet apart. I bent over to look between them, seeing a well
formed, tight pussy standing open to the world.

I fetched a tall stool into the middle of the room, and instructed Kate to bend
over it. She bent over the high stool, spreading her legs wide and placing her
ankles and knees outside the legs of the stool. From where I stood, I could see
everything - the pink and wrinkled outside lips of her pussy, and the most
gorgeous, puckered asshole. I have never seen a woman so vulnerable or exposed
since then. Again I brought some cords and tied her to the stool, this time
securing her knees as well as her wrists and ankles, stretching her ass cheeks
wide open.

I opened my toy cupboard, and selected a leather tawse about eighteen inches
long and three inches wide, with three tails at the business end. "This beating
will be quick, all in one go, and very painful", I told her. "Get ready". Kate
moved her bottom a few times, eventually settling down into a still position. I
took aim, and let fly. Kate yowled. I swung again, and again. By the third
stroke, Kate was screaming at full volume, but I kept on mercilessly, a blow
landing every two or three seconds. I did not really aim, but at least three of
the strokes curled around her cheeks, the tails of the strap impacting the
sensitive area around her asshole. When I stopped, Kate carried on screaming for
some considerable time, gradually subsiding into sobs and finally into silence.
When she relaxed and slumped forwards, I untied the cords and told her to leave.
Unsteadily, she got up and put on her dress, not bothering with her underwear.

Kate looked at me, as she was getting ready to go, her eyes asking about the
next days beating. "Tomorrow is your final punishment. You will be naked again
and I will use a heavy cane on you", I said. Kate gasped and burst into tears.
"I wont be able to take that", she moaned, "Oh please. Please not a cane".

I stood and watched her and came to a decision. "Okay, but if I let you off of
that punishment, then you must do something in return. I will vary the
conditions of your punishment, but you must then agree to the following: with
the exception of your head, you will shave your entire body. You will get only a
dozen strokes, in four sets of three, one of which will be with a cane on your
backside. The others will be with my choice of implement, and in my choice of
location. If this is not acceptable, you will get the full two dozen strokes of
the cane on your behind". Kate said nothing but looked downwards. "Don't say
anything now - you have tomorrow to think about it. When you strip for your
beating your choice will be obvious". I shut the door behind her and went to
make myself coffee, to try and steady my buzzing nerves.

On Friday, I spent the day in a thrill of anticipation. The idea of once again
spanking that delightful body had me almost bouncing off the walls. The hands of
the big old long-case clock dawdled idly round the dial, seeming to go more
slowly the closer it got to six o'clock. Finally the hands crept the last few
minutes, and as the chimes rang out, there came a knock at the door. Kate stood
there looking defiantly at me. She had obviously taken great pains to impress me
with her appearance. A long evening dress, high heels and no makeup. She looked
beautiful as she stepped over the threshold and went into the study.

I'd prepared for Kate's arrival by fetching a ladder from one of the stables. A
heavy old thing made of wood, it was 'A' shaped and about eight feet tall, with
steps tapering from perhaps three feet wide at the bottom to a foot or so at the
top. I'd set this ladder up in the study. As Kate saw it, her look of defiance
turned to one of trepidation. She glanced at me, obviously unsure what I had in
mind and bit her bottom lip, a perfect picture.

"Are you ready?" I asked. She did not reply but simply fiddled with the shoulder
straps of her dress. It fell to the floor in a heap. Kate stood there naked,
wearing only high heels. A pale, smooth patch between her legs where yesterday
had been luxurious curls announced her decision. Without being asked, she closed
her eyes, clasped her hands behind her head and stood there, breasts pointed
forwards and legs well apart.

For the next few minutes, I simply looked at her, standing there submissively.
Her open legs and smooth skin displayed her body to perfection. If only, I
thought. I went to the table and fetched an old scarf. "Put your arms down,
Kate" I said and then tied the scarf around her eyes, making sure that she could
not see out. I led her over to the ladder and tied her securely to it, facing
the ladder with hers arms stretched out above her head and legs spread wide,
ankles tied outside the bottom rung. The high heels stretched her calves and
tilted her buttocks invitingly. Just right, I decided. I tied a rope around her
waist, preventing her from moving in the middle.

"I see that you've decided to accept the new conditions," I said. There was no
response, so I continued "I remind you that you will now get four sets of three
strokes, with my choice of implement, in my choice of location. Do you agree?"

A quiet "yes", was the only reply.

"Very well. First, you will get three strokes of the cane across your buttocks".
I moved over to the cupboard and selected a cane from the rack. This one was
about three feet six long and half an inch thick at the business end. A couple
of exploratory swings through the air produced an understated hissing noise and
a sharp intake of breath from Kate.

I walked around behind her and touched the cane to her buttocks, measuring up
the distance. Kate jumped as if shot, and then leaned against the ladder. I drew
the cane back behind my ear and swung. Again there was a hissing noise, this
time followed by the unmistakable noise of wood on firm buttocks and a loud
'aah' from Kate. I'd aimed for the bottom of her cheeks and a rapidly deepening
red weal testified to my accuracy. I waited for the wiggling to stop and then
swung again, this time across the top of her cheeks. "aah, Oh god," she moaned,
trying to move away but being stopped from doing so by the ropes. A second weal
rapidly joined the first. I stepped back and waited, wanting her both to feel
the burning and to stop moving. Her gyrations slowed, and without warning, I
delivered the third stroke to the middle of her cheeks. This time, I thought
that the ladder would fall over, her response was so strong. Tears fell down her
cheeks as I stepped back to admire my handiwork. Three deep, livid weals traced
parallel paths across that delightful backside. Not bad, I decided - she would
remember those strokes for a long time.

Gradually the tears subsided and Kate became quiet. "I need to move you for your
next strokes," I warned her. I untied her ankles and turned her around to face
me. A squeal and convulsive jerk pushed her lower body against mine as her
tender backside contacted the ladder. Despite myself, I blushed, knowing full
well that she could feel the enormous erection inside my pants. She lowered
herself gingerly against the ladder again. I removed one of her shoes and lifted
her ankle, raising it to the level of her thigh and securing it once again to
the outside of the ladder. I did the same with the other leg and for good
measure, secured her upper legs as well. Kate was now facing me, hanging on the
ladder from her arms and with her legs spread as wide as possible. I could
clearly see every fold and crevice of her vagina and it was only with a supreme
effort that I stopped myself from gently kissing it. Kate must have realised
what I was looking at as she flushed from head to toe.

This time, I took the strap from the table and moved back to the ladder. "These
next six strokes are for your breasts," I said. "Three on each side, with the
strap". Kate's breasts were stretched out by her position and I intended to take
full advantage of this. The strap whirred through the air and connected with the
sensitive lower curve of her right breast. Her back arched and a soft cry
escaped her lips. To my surprise, her dark nipple began to swell and go hard. I
swung again, the strap landing on the soft upper breast with a satisfying noise.
This time Kate did not move although she groaned loudly. By now, her nipple was
fully erect, jutting out from a tight aureole. I had originally intended to aim
the third stroke for the outside of her breast, but now I changed my mind. I
brought the strap down hard, the thick split tip landing directly on the erect
nipple. A cry of pleasure escaped from her lips.

I moved around to her other side, and swung the strap again, connecting with the
top of her other breast. Quickly, I drew my arm back and strapped the bottom of
her breast. A half moan, half gasp came from Kate, and her other nipple went
hard. Right I thought. This time, I hit as hard as I was able, directly on her
nipple. There was a loud, sharp noise and Kate squealed in pleasure, shaking
wildly.

I turned around, picking up a riding crop from the table. A standard crop, it
had a springy shaft some twenty-six inches long topped by a thick leather flap
two inches long and an inch wide. I swished the crop through the air to test
it's feel, then swatted Kate hard, on the outside of her pussy. She screamed,
and writhed in both pain and ecstasy. As her pussy lips turned red, they began
to glisten wetly. I swung again - hard - this time landing on the other side.
Kate moaned, and I swung for the last time, landing squarely on the centre of
her pussy. Kate gasped, and began to buck rapidly in what was unmistakably an
intense orgasm.

"Oh you bastard," she moaned. "I've always wanted you to do this to me. Take me
now, please, screw my brains out"

I needed no further encouragement and rapidly freed my rock hard penis from my
trousers. Kate was still tied to the ladder and I entered her, pushing hard. She
came almost as soon as I touched her, jerking and heaving to such an extent that
the ladder almost toppled over.

Ever since then, we've both looked forward to the weeks when John goes away. The
ladder has been joined by a collection of other toys and gadgets.

And yes, since then I have given Kate a good caning - but that's another story.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MicroscopeMan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





