BDSM Library - The Wager




The Wager
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A friendly wager of two mothers placed brings heavy consequences.
&lt;The wager&gt;
&lt;By the outsider.&gt;
&lt;A friendly wager of two mothers placed brings heavy consequences.&gt;

Note_1: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you
are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy.
Note_2: this story is the 3rd from the extensions of: "from a mayor to a slave."
The story will be continued in a while.
Note_3: My cupcake's outfit is based on the one of cupcake, from the story:
"becoming cupcake" by the mayorofcherishvill. And used with his permission.


"So Lois, you say that your son's team will win against my daughter's?" the
redhead woman asked her friend.

"Yes. They have new goal-keeper. The chance that your son will be able to do
something is 0.1% Monica. The best score for your son's team will be 0:0 and
that means that you will loose." Lois replied with a taunting smile. The sexy
brunette loved to humiliate the redhead.

"Show the cards!" was Monica's replied.

"I have a flush." Lois declared as she placed the cards down and reached to take
the 5,000$ which were on the table.

"Not so fast Lois... I have a royal flush." Monica said as she showed her cards,
and there was: K, Q, J, A and 10. As Monica reached to take the money, she said
with a smile: "Care for a little bet about the next game?"

"What?" Lois asked.

"If I will win or that there will be a draw, then you'll become my PERSONAL
slave. That means that you'll do as I say without any discussions. Ho and so
you'll know: your new name will be cupcake. However, IF MY daughter's team will
loose then I will become yours." Monica suggested with a smile. She knew that
this move will bring her closer to her goal, and she was sure that her daughter
(who came up with the plan) knew what to do.

"How about we will make it more interesting?" Lois asked with an evil smile.

"How?" Monica asked while she plaid along.

"The one, who chose the winning team, will receive full control over the
loser's: body and soul." Lois offered not knowing what she got herself into.

"Deal we will seat together. That way it will be easier for me to disappear with
my slave, you, and no one will ever know. Now if you'll excuse me cupcake, I
need to do some shopping. After all you are about to be MINE." Monica said as
she signed her victim on a paper which was a contract. Then Monica took the
money, and went on her way to the local mall (ECM) to do some shopping. Once
there Monica bought: cloths, bondage gear, bondage furniture and other stuff to
use over her new slave. On her way out she passed by Lois's son, Jim, and
thought: 'enjoy the time with your mother kid. She will be mine by the end of
the week.'

When Jim arrived to the kitchen, he saw his mother sobbing before she told him
everything.

When Monica arrived to the car, she punched a few numbers and waited until a
woman's voice answered:

"Hello, Lisa talking." The woman answered.

"Hi Lis' how are you doing?" Monica asked.

"Fine mother. So are we on?" Laura asked.

"Yes. Part one is now accomplished. I just saw that Jim... if I didn't have my
eyes set on his mother and I would enslave him." Monica said cheerful.

"I talked with the head cheerleader, who told me to tell it at the next meeting.
However, as far as she was concern; I have are blessing. And if there is
something that we would like then she would help us." Laura replied.

"Where are you now?" Monica asked.

"At the way to the meeting. Mom, I love being in an all girl-school. Sorry mommy
but I have to go. Bye." Laura said.

"Bye pumpkin. Good luck." Monica replied as she hanged up the phone. As far as
Monica was concern, she knew that the new leader of the cheerleader squad will
help them. The new captain was at their home, and she was the one who gave
Monica the passion of being a mistress. Being a single income parent is not easy
like Lois's. However; with the bet this situation will be solved soon.

Meanwhile at school, the new captain of the cheerleading squad was declared:
"and the winner who got 95% of the votes from the sport division of this school
is: Sarit Smith. Please come over here and say a few words."

Then as Sarit made her way accompanied by the principle and the new secretary,
Simon, the room went ballistic with cheers. All the mistresses at the school
compound made it clear that they were in charge and that they chose their
leader. Once receiving the blessing of her comrades, Sarit became the MOST
powerful girl at the primacies.

When Sarit arrived to the podium she said: "Mdm. Simon, 'Mistress Bitch', fellow
mistresses, slaves and students. This is a very special day for me. One and a
half years ago, my parents were murdered in a homicide bombing. Since then I
live with my step mother and mentor, Mistress Anne, who taught me that good
things come to those who wait.

Now as the new leader, I have 2 changes that I would like to make with the
blessing of our "respected" principle, 'Mistress Bitch': the 1st change is that
the skirt of a cheerleader must go between the ranges of: 3-5 inches above the
knees. Under the skirt, each cheerleader must wear a V-cut thong. Other then
that each cheerleader must to wear a princess collar unless she is the leader.
The blouse of each cheerleader must be tight... very tight with a generous neck
line. The socks must be ankle eye. Other then that each cheerleader can choose
her own uniform... with the colors of the school.

The 2nd change is that the SOCKER team (who have a game this Sunday), must wear:
tank-tops and tight spandex shorts. Other then that you can choose what else to
wear. However, girls I wish that you'll consider wearing tops that won't fall
and that for that specific game you won't wear ANYTHING under the shorts. Our
friend, Laura C. Toronto, needs our help and I call you to help your teammate
and OUR Comrade to bring a present for her mother.

Other changes will be published at our news bulletin."

The meeting went for an entire hour, and when they finished; 'mistress bitch'
was used.

* * * * * * * * *
One week passed since the wagers were put. It was now 20:00 and the score was:
10:0 in favor of Laura's team. The clock showed that the 90 minutes were over
and it was just a matter of time. Poor Lois tried to cheer her son's team when
Monica grabbed her hand and said: "it's time Lois. Laura's team found the
weakness of your son's team."

Poor Lois (who knew that she had no choice) took one last look at her son, and
then she followed her mistress to her car. Once there Monica said: "from now on
you will refer to me as mistress. Whenever I will ask you something, or give you
an order then you'll say: "yes Mistress," before you'll do it. Now remove your
cloths while I will take your new cloths out of the trunk!"

"Yes mistress." Lois replied, seeing that she had no choice. Then as Lois
removed her cloths, Monica asked her after she took a suitcase out of the trunk:
"what's your name?"

"My name is: cupcake... (Sob...) mistress." The humiliated woman replied. Over
the last month Monica used to call her cupcake on a daily basic. That is why she
was already costumed to that name. Once cupcake was naked, her mistress came
from behind her and began fondling her body for a while with unmistakable erotic
intent. However, Monica knew that she had to be fast so she stopped just as
cupcake was about to have an orgasm. As the frustrated slave began to cry, her
mistress told her: "you are such a dirty slut. Maybe we should dress you
nicely." Before she opened the suitcase.

The 1st item which cupcake got was: v-shaped thong which Monica pulled until it
road deep into her ass, and the strings were ALMOST at her ribs. Then Monica
gave her slave a pair of tight jeans. However, it was not the ordinary jeans as
it was cut in such a way that the hem barely covered her ass cheeks from the
back. The front of the jeans seemed as if she was wearing a pair of panties with
the phrase: "my name is cupcake, and I'm a dirty cunt."

Next was a pair of plastic sandals, and a leather collar. The last item which
cupcake got was a see-through-half-cup-bra which barely reached her areola. Once
cupcake was dressed, Monica informed her as she began to paint cupcake's lips
with bright red lipstick: "from now until the end of your training, we are going
to dress you like so. I do not think that training you will take long. For the
last week I taught you every technique for you to use as my bitch. Now for the
next month we are going to change you for the better. Now let's go cupcake...
I'll finish you at the car. Or maybe the better word is: fuck you. I arranged
for Laura to be with her friend for the following month in which I'll go with
you to a cabin that I own at the mountains. Once we will get there; I will train
you to be both my regular slave, and my pussy slave. Now get those sweet buns
into the trunk and let's go!"

"Yes mistress." Cupcake submissively replied before she got into the trunk. Once
cupcake was inside the trunk, Monica gave the bitch a blindfold which cupcake
was not allow to remove until they will get to their destination.

Knowing that cupcake had no choice, made it easier for Monica to control
cupcake.

The ride was long and hard. However, after 3 hours with stops of 10 minutes
every 20 minutes (in which Monica fucked and used slaved), they finely arrived
to the cabin. Once cupcake was outsider the trunk, Monica told her to strip.
When cupcake was naked, Monica gave her the new attire which included: a pair
high-heal mules, fishnet-stockings, garters and apron which showed more then it
revealed.

Once cupcake was dressed, Monica shoved an extendable phallus into cupcake's ass
and set it on the minimum. The "minimum" was just the smallest strap-on dildo
which she bought, and it was ONLY 7". When Monica finished she said: "Now I'll
go into the house and I want you to get EVERYTHING in." before she got to the
cabin. Once she was left alone, the poor slave grabbed the suitcases and
followed her mistress as she thought: "please hurry to get your father Jim. I
don't know how long I can hold on. I'll play along with that evil bitch, but
please hurry..."

At the cabin Monica addressed her slave: "welcome slave. This area is isolated,
so don't try to escape. Throughout the compound you will fine that I made sure
to have special places in which you will be kept in bondage. No one will
interrupt me as I will train you to be my bitch. Now, I'm hungry so you'll fix
me diner before I will lock you at your cage. Your life is mine slave, and
starting from tomorrow you'll give them to me. Your son will join you soon.
However, until then you won't be feat to be a mother. You can guess who would
get full custody over him... however, you are to dumb so I will tell you: that
would be me. Now move it slut!"

Realizing that she had no choice, cupcake marched to the kitchen. However, not
like always; her heed was bowed so much that she could feel the collar, her
shoulders were slumped and she cried to the pleasure of her mistress. However,
Monica on the other hand was very pleased. Monica knew cupcake, and it was clear
for her that the bitch will be ready in a few months.

* * * * * * * * *
Six months past since the big game, when Laura returned home from school. Just
as Lora got to her house, she saw a blonde maid opening the door for her. 
However, this maid's uniform was not regular as it included: 7" mules, Open
Fishnet Bodysuit, tiny apron, a collar and a doily maid's cap. Then as she got
in, the maid said: "like welcome Mistress... (Giggle...) I'm like cupcake, and
stuff... (Giggle...) your mommy turned me into that, and stuff... (giggle...)
like, may I take of your pants and lick you?"

Laura (who was now in a state of shock) just looked at the former mother. Lois's
entire appearance was changed. Once the woman infront of her was a respected CEO
of one of the biggest media corporations at the city. Her breasts were smaller,
and she was respected. However, that woman, misty, was completely the opposite.
Her tits were huge, her: tongue, lips, eyebrows, ears, nose, neck, nipples,
navel, pussy lips, at the tips of her pussy, just above her pussy and her clit
were ALL pierced with 5-10 rings (it depended on the space). Other then her
breasts, Lora's: lips, inner Lebia, nipples, the interior walls of her pussy,
clit and the ring of her anus seemed to be swollen. On her face, cupcake wore a
smile which made her to look as if someone stole her brain.

Once gaining her composure back, Laura said: "where is my mother?"

"Like she is in the living-room and stuff... (Giggle...) like, please follow
me..." cupcake said as she hoped to the kitchen, before the shocked girl could
say anything. It was clear for Laura that this was Lois; however, she wanted to
be sure so she went to see her mother at the living room.

At the living room, Monica set infront of the TV and watch home movie. The star
of the show was none other then; Lois. The film was taken back when she just
finished re-modify her precious cupcake's body. On the screen Lois was tied to a
chair naked, before some guy began to pierce her without any pain-killers. Poor
Lois used such a foul mouth that it made Monica to feel another punch line.

As Monica looked and enjoyed her work, Laura came in and hugged her mother who
returned after Six months of absence. Then as Monica hugged Laura back, they
smiled at each other before they began to watch the rest of the movie together.
On the screen, poor Lois was now taken by 14 black men wearing hoods who rotated
the positions. One of the men used her mouth for sucking his cock, or for fuck
facing the screaming woman. Another guy set on her tummy, and used her newly
pierced nipples to help him with fucking her tits. Another guy fucked her as he
ram his huge cock into her ass, while another was dong the same to her pussy.
Both her hands were in use as they gave hand-jobs to the guys over and over.
Each of her knees was fucked by two guys who bent her legs and fucked them. Her
elbows were used as her knees.

Suddenly, just as the men finished with Lois and began to pee ALL over her;
cupcake arrived from the kitchen. Cupcake was now dressed in: 7" plastic pumps,
fishnet-stockings, garter belt and tiny apron.  Each of her hand was holding a
plate with a cup. After cupcake set the plates down on the coffee table, she
continued what she did before Laura arrive home. As the shocked teen looked,
cupcake got on her knees, and gently licked the pussy of her mistress.

As Laura looked on, her mother informed her as she began to pant: "you see my
child; I completely broken Lois and turned her into my slave. As you know the
bitch used to be an independent, intelligent, and resourceful woman of today,
who became: Cupcake Doll. A wanton bimbo sex toy of Dr. Monica S. Horn. Our
basement became her room. You see Laura, the main space became our "playroom,"
and the door next to it became her room.

Now Laura, I remember what I promised you. You wanted that pig, Jim, as your
slave, after he humiliated you. However, I couldn't help you until now. You see
dear as Lora's legal guardian, I filed for a divorce and full custody over her
son, Jim, who is unsafe with her husband who drove her for madness. We were at
the Lunacy Commission, who declared Lora insane, and appointing ME, her
permanent Legal Guardian. Since Lora WAS a famous lawyer, we went to the
Disbarment Hearing who revoked the whore's license.

Once we finished, cupcake was free to become what I had in mine for her: slave,
subservient maid, pussy slave, lingerie model, porn-star, whore, nude model and
a toy. You see Laura; we went to the local store where I (or more accurate:
CUPCAKE) bought a brand new wardrobe. You see Laura, Lois's cloths were too coy
and with no taste.

Therefore, cupcake's wardrobe was broken up into many categories.

I still remember when I first showed her the wardrobe.

Starting with a selection of clothes that seemed tailored for a four year old
girl living in Victorian England, Cupcake beheld an entire collection of little
girl Alice in Wonderland dresses. Microscopic waistlines; puffy, billowing
petticoats that lifted the hemlines of skirts that wouldn't even reach the
middle of her thighs; lacey, satin frocks; small, cute aprons; large, stiff
bows; soft, gentle ribbons.

The collection resembled a pedophile's wet dream. Any grown woman forced to put
on such dresses was soon reduced to a cutesy, little baby doll of a girl. And to
match the assortment of bright dresses, I opened two draws below the hanging
clothes that were filled with creamy, white stockings, garter belts, chokers,
frilly ribbons and bows, dainty gloves, and a collection of Mary Jane shoes...
each with a ballet-sized heel... each made in a bright, patent leather.

Moving on, Cupcake was led, to an assortment of rubber clothing. Latex, PVC and
straight rubber outfits littered the corner of the closet. With a mounting
dumbness to her expression, Cupcake stared on as I produced cat suits,
micro-minis, full-body suits, halter tops, and the occasional pair of pants,
hobble skirts, and cut-out tops. The outfits were accompanied by a different
type of heel: open-toed platform mules with 6 inch heels were lined up under the
rubber outfits. Although this assortment of clothing came in pastel colors just
as bright as the first... the heels were a little racier. Darker shades of pink,
lavender, blue, yellow, orange and white were the colors here. And a few pairs
seemed to have no color at all, and were clear.

Cupcake was next hauled to a collection of uniforms. While the majority of the
uniforms seemed to be French Maid outfits. These were not your ordinary maid's
outfits that you'd find in a Halloween store. Rather, each outfit had a severe,
hourglass waist and the proper cut-outs in the ass and breast-line area. The
fabrics of the maid's outfits ranged from latex, to rubber, to vinyl, to satin,
to cotton.

As the hour pushed on, Cupcake was introduced to all sorts of different outfits.
Tops that had names stenciled in them. And since Cupcake could no longer read,
she found herself listening, with a mounting horror, as I read the names of some
of the shirts, "Barbie Girl; Barbie Slut; Fuck Doll; Airhead; Bimbo; Bimbo Slut;
Tits; Property of Monica; Cum Deposit; Cunt etc."

Furthermore, when cupcake found that I'm going to dress her in sexier lingerie
she began to cry. However, since I am her mistress she doesn't have a choice.
From now on, the whore will be dressed in: babydolls, teddies, thongs, gowns,
slips, chemises, robes, g-strings, v-strings. Cupcake's new bras collection will
be made of: Demi-Cup, seamless, lace, embiority, satin, push-up, Strapless,
Convertible, Camisoles and Tanks.

Cupcake was also introduced to a variety of toys and bondage gear. From a huge
assortment of plug gags which included binky gags, ball gags, dildo gags, ring
gags to an assortment of dildos ranging from anal plugs to a 12 inch black dildo
which I teased Cupcake with by forcing her to lick it like a lollipop for the
rest of the tour.

From now, when Cupcake's mouth won't work (like now) I expect that she will chew
gum all the time. She also should be encouraged to blow big bubbles and pop them
all over her mouth. That way she would feat the whorish look that I had in mind
for her.

I also trained cupcake to lick pussies and suck cocks through a pair of panties.
You see Laura, Cupcake was perfect in her training, that we had time to teach
her everything. So incase I won't be around, all you'll have to do is to place
your panties over her head. That way cupcake will be used for your taste, until
she will not be able to resist."

A few minutes after Monica finished, she said in a commanding voice: "daughter!"

When finished, cupcake immediately crawled to Laura. Then she removed Laura's
skirt and panties with her mouth. Cupcake was just about to lick Laura, when the
teen suddenly grabbed her panties and placed them over Laura's head. Once
finished, the girl spread her legs. Then as the humiliated mother began to lick,
Laura announced: "I'm keeping it for your son bitch." Before she and her mother
began to laugh.

Once Laura had enough, she said: "mommy I'm board."

"What would you feel about darts?" Monica asked with a smile.

"Sure. What to do?" Laura asked.

"Grab her right arm, and follow me." Monica replied with an evil smile as she
grabbed cupcake's arm. Once Laura did the same, Monica led her to a tree which
had a rope on it. When they got to the tree, both mistress and M. I. T.
(Mistress in training) tied cupcake to the tree. Once cupcake was tied, Monica
secured a ball-gag inside cupcake's mouth. When she was ready, both women began
to play for a while before Monica gave her lovely daughter a 10" strap-on dildo
(which was the biggest which cupcake took until now) and walked away as the teen
raped the helpless mother who cried and screamed from the pain.

A little while later, there was the door bell rang. Monica, who knew that Laura
was still fucking cupcake, immediately closed the shades. Once they were close,
Monica went to the door and looked through the hole. To Monica's surprise,
cupcake's husband was standing there at her door step. It was clear for Monica
that something is wrong from the way in which he acted. However, she remained
calm. After six months with his "wife," she was ready for everything.

Once she opened the door, Monica said with a surprise tone of voice: "Walter,
what are you doing here?"

"Where is my wife?" Walter asked.

"I don't know. Why are you asking me?" Monica replied with a smile.

"Jim told me about the bet Monica. I need to know: did what Jim said is real?"
Walter asked.

'That son of a bitch." Monica thought, before she replied: "No Walter. I don't
have a clue where Lois is. You know that... right?"

"Yes, please forgive me." Walter said without hearing his wife's screams of
pleasure and agony.

The end.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Outsider


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





