BDSM Library - The Hunter




The Hunter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Woman on the town isn't as she first appears.
Comments, criticisms to lofwyrkp1@hotmail.com. Any feedback will be greatly
appreciated. Thank you.

The Hunter

Tonight was going just as she'd hoped for; in fact it couldn't have gotten any
better.

She'd spent plenty of time getting ready for this particular Saturday night,
after all it'd been a couple of weeks since she'd last had the chance to get
out. She'd splashed out on a new cut and colour for her hair, changing it from
her usual brunette to a rather striking black bob. As she swung her head, she
could she the flashes of scarlet that were hidden by beneath the surface colour.
Just like that lass from Republica, she thought.

One last look in the mirror before she left, just to check the look was all it
took to convince her that tonight was going to be a spectacular success. She was
wearing a tight, cropped top, showing plenty of midriff, the stretchy material
held her small, boyish breasts snugly without the need of a bra. Tight jeans
emphasised her tight ass, pert and as firm as a peach. The legs of those same
tight jeans hid the true height of her heels, heels that made her appear taller
than her natural 5'6".

Stopping only to grab her purse she set off. She started by checking out the
local pubs, but the night was still young, and they were relatively quiet and
empty. Disappointed, but not surprised, she moved on to the city centre clubbing
scene. Even at this early hour they were showing signs life. Perfect she
thought.

It didn't take long for the lads on the pull to start hovering round, offering
her drinks and a dance. She gave each would be suitor a knowing look before
dismissing them. These were just the lads, out early, with no staying power;
they were just looking for a quick shag against the back wall of the club, and
she was in a mood for more, much more.

As the night wore on, the crowd suitably changed, the women got younger, the men
older. As she watched, she saw her prey enter the club, along with his mates.
They took up one end of the bar, talking and drinking loudly. Even from this
distance she could hear them going on and on about the game, how they'd stuffed
the local opposition.

One of them looked her way, catching her eye. She smiled knowingly, then blushed
and looked away. She held her breath, hoping, praying, and was rewarded when she
felt someone enter her personal space. She looked up into a pair of soft brown
eyes above a generous mouth. "Hi I'm Mike" he said.

"Pleased to meet you Mike", she grinned, "I'm Felicia."

She took the moment to look him over, feeling more and more pleased with what
she saw. He was tall, well over 6' she thought, and well built, large even. He
had a narrow waist atop large powerful looking thighs. He was exactly what she
was in a mood for. As she gave him the once over, she noticed that he too was
taking a surreptitious look at her, and judging by his growing grin, he too
liked what he saw.

Just as he started his no doubt tried and trusted chat up lines, she interrupted
him, "Fancy a dance?" she said, taking him by the hand and leading him onto the
already packed dance floor.

She let the beat move her body in time to the music; she was pleased to notice
that he was light on his feet, showing a surprising amount of grace for one so
large.

During the slower numbers, she surprised him by leading the way, letting herself
snuggle against him, her hands gripping his tight buns. She didn't stop his busy
hands, in fact she positively encouraged them, and when they settled on her ass,
she let him pull her close, tilting her head for the first kiss of the night.

She wriggled her cheeks against his hands, letting her body tell him that she
was interested, very interested in him. During the course of the evening she
learnt a bit about him, not that she was really that interested in his
university life, nor in his rugby career. She managed to defected most of the
personal questions that came her way, only letting him know that she was a
student nurse.

The evening couldn't end soon enough for her. She was more than eager enough to
go, but she knew not to rush things, she wanted him to lead the way, the have
that illusion that he was in control of the night's events. As she went to the
ladies, she knew he'd rush over to his mates; he'd want them to know he'd scored
for the night. Let him have his moment, hers would be here soon enough.

When she returned, their mouths hungrily sought each other's, their tongues
probing, tasting, entwining. Her breasts were pressed tightly against his strong
chest, her groin tight against his. His hands got bolder, and she let out a low
moan to encourage him, as they slipped down her back and into her jeans. She was
watching when she saw his eyes open as he discovered that she was wearing no
panties.

She tightened her ass, squeezing his exploring fingers, and was rewarded with
the feel of his member selling against her. She rotated her hips, continuously
rubbing him up and down, helping him get as hot as she was feeling. She wasn't
faking her desire; she wanted him as badly as he probably wanted her, but
probably not in the way he intended.

Eventually they broke apart, and she breathlessly whispered "My place or yours?"
The decision was made, and they hurried off to find a taxi. On the trip back to
his digs, she sat on his lap, squeezing his cock with her checks as her mouth
sought out his. It seemed to take forever, but finally they arrived, and they
ran up the stairs to his rooms.

Once inside his rooms, he turned into the perfect gentleman, offering her a
drink, hoping to get to know her a bit better. She took the opportunity when he
had to go and relieve himself, leaving his drink unattended.

They sat entwined and talked about this and that, then she noticed that he was
suddenly having trouble keeping his eyes open; in fact he could barely keep his
head up. "Are you OK?" she asked, concern etched deeply in her voice. "Yeah,
sure?" was about all he managed before he fell deeply asleep.

It had been a bit of a struggle to get him to bed, but nurses were used to
shifting uncooperative patients. Stripping him was no problem, and by now she'd
perfected her ties. His ankles were tied together with a cable tie, pulling his
legs tight together. A cord ran from his ankles to another tie, around his
balls, causing them to swell slightly. His knees were bent and any attempt to
straighten his legs would rip at his now tender balls.

His hands were held in another tie, and then tied to the top of the bed,
immobilising him on his side. In his mouth was a studded ball gag, the harsh
points digging into his mouth and tongue. A small trickle of drool completed the
picture as it slid from his slack mouth.

She was finished with her preparations, and it was time for him to awake and
take part in the evening's fun and games. Slipping a small syringe from her
purse, she jabbed it into his ass, and pumped the antidote into his system.

She sat on the bed, watching him, and as he regained consciousness, she was
gently stroking his head, making soft reassuring sounds. A smile crept over her
face as she watched his eyes open, as his mind tried to understand what was
happening. She tried to calm him, but before she could warn him, he discovered
the link between his legs and his balls; a muted Arrg escaped the gag.

"There, there Mike," she crooned, "it'll be all OK soon."

His eyes were pleading, trying to make some sense of the situation he was in.
Almost idly she reached out, and took his soft cock in hand, and started to
gently squeeze it, before stroking it along its length. "I know Mike that you
were hoping to put this to some use tonight " "But I've a better idea. Why don't
you relax and let me show you?"

His body softened slightly, and she bent forward, showing him her opening mouth,
and her moist tongue. Licking her lips, she lowered her head and kissed his open
mouth, not minding the sharp sting of the spikes. Her mouth then trailed down
his neck, her tongue flicking and licking as she moved.

She reached his nipples, and gently bit down on one, before giving it a lick.
She was rewarded by a moan escaping his gagged lips. Glancing down, she could
see that his cock was stiffening, getting nice and big. She looked up at him,
and thought she saw relief in his eyes, he obviously thought that she was just
into kinky sex. She was, but not in the way he was thinking.

Her tongue trailed down past his belly button to the dark curls at his groin. He
was desperately trying to keep his hips still, as the tie around his balls
stopped him from thrusting too much. He gasped as she took the head of his cock
into her mouth, swirling her tongue around the tip, tasting him. He was
circumcised, a personal preference of hers, a fact that just made the evening
even better.

Taking a deep breath, she slowly slid her mouth down, deep onto him. Relaxing
her throat, she felt his cock slip into her as her nose buried itself against
his groin. She ran her tongue along the underside as she swallowed, squeezing
the head with her throat. Mike's groans were increasing in intensity, and his
hips tried to buck, to force his cock further down into her, but the tie around
his aching balls stopped him from making too much movement.

Pulling her head off, gasping for air, she asked was that good? He eagerly
nodded, his eyes begging for her to return to his member.

All this attention to him had got her further into the mood, her pussy was moist
and hot, desperate for her to finish the foreplay and to move onto the main
event.

She stood, and slowly slid her top off, dancing to music only she could hear,
giving him a slow teasing striptease. Every time she glanced down at his cock,
she noticed it twitching in time to her body's movements, leaking a drop or two
of pre cum onto the sheets.

She bent over, giving him a good look at her ass, her hands spreading her
cheeks, letting him see her tight rosebud, and parted pussy. The scent of
intense arousal filled the air, making her head swim with its intensity.

As she was bent over, she reached into her bag, and produced her favourite
double dildo, a Nexus. She turned and showed it to him, savouring the moment
when he took in the double-ended design. It was almost L shaped, the part for
her was not quite as big as Mike's member, but big enough to give her pleasure,
it then flared up a little, with small nubs that would press against her clit
before turning into a large cock, just as big as Mike's.

His eyes widened in shock, and he shook his head, trying to tell her that he
wasn't interested, and could they please go back to the blowjob?

She smiled, not quite as pleasantly as before, and informed him that since he
went on out the pull, he shouldn't complain when he scored.

Making sure he got a good view, she slowly slid the dildo into her pussy,
enjoying the slick feel as it parted her wet pussy. She stood over him, slowly
sliding it in and out, fucking herself for both their pleasure. Her other hand
parted her lips, and toyed with her growing clit, making her feel weak at the
knees.

Looking down at his cock, it seemed that the immediacy of the moment had slipped
his mind, and his cock was growing again. Taking a tube of KY from her bag, she
slowly worked a little onto the tip on the protruding silicone cock, telling him
just how much she was going to enjoy taking him. His cock drooped at the news,
obviously not interested in getting his ass reamed out.

She lay down behind him, letting the stiff dildo press between his cheeks, he
jerked, trying to put as much distance between them as possible, but his tied
balls limited his movements somewhat.

She reached over his hips, and took his now limp cock in her hand, and slowly
tightened her grip. She could feel the pulse as his vein throbbed. Timing her
movements to the pulse she slowly started to slide her hand up and down his
shaft, building him up to full hardness. Although it took a little doing,
eventually his cock stiffening completely rewarded her movements.

Sliding her other arm under his head, and around his neck, she pulled him back
onto her, his back crushing her breasts, her hard nipples sticking stiffly into
him. Holding his cock tightly, she positioned her hips so that his part of the
dildo was pressed tight against his ass.

"Ready Lover" she cooed, pressing her hips against his. She grinned, un-noticed
by him as his hips convulsively jerked away from the probing tip, trying to
separate his ass from her cock. This was the moment she had been waiting for;
she enjoyed the way they always tried to wriggle away, to put as much distance
between their virgin rings and her fake cock.

She tightened her grip on his cock, and around his neck, immobilising him
further, then slowly increased the pressure her hips exerted. She felt his ass
give slightly, and the tip was in. "Not so bad? Was it?" He grunted, trying to
tell her it hurt like hell, but she deliberately took the sound as a positive
sign. Her hand continued to work his cock, and although it had softened
slightly, it was no way limp in her hand.

She paused, not only to let him get used to the feel of the intruder in his ass,
but to saviour his stiff body, to feel his struggles to free his ass. Her tight
grip made sure that he didn't slip off, not that it would have mattered, she had
all night to break his ass in.

She pushed harder, and since the tip was already past his sphincter, it slowly
slid in, and although he resisted as best he could, he couldn't stop the dildo
from taking his ass. The pressure forced her part deeper into herself, filling
her, and the nubs pressed sweetly against her swollen clit. This was so
exquisite; the pressure on her was turning her on more and more. She could feel
her nipples hardening, her clit swelling against the little bumps, turning her
on more and more.

She paused, letting him get used to the feel of a full ass, before slowly
building up her rhythm. She timed her hands movements so that every time she
thrust the dildo into him, her hand slid down the length of his cock, so that it
was like his cock was fucking her hand.

She could feel that his member getting as stiff as a board, and that at least
part of him was responding. Her other hand held his hips tight against hers,
ensuring that she was buried deeply in him. This was so good, this is what she
had missed these past weeks, fucking a guy was such a sweet thrill.

Soon, she felt the first of what she hoped would be many orgasms rip though her,
her body shuddering with the intensity of it, making the intruder jump inside
him. She could feel his cock start to twitch, betrayed by her hands soft
caresses, but she pinched down hard at the tip, stopping him from cumming.

She waited, getting her breath back, before starting again, all the while
leaving it buried deep in him, getting him used to the feel.

This time she moved slightly away, so that she could slip the double dildo out
of his ass before slamming it back in. This second fuck was better than the
first, his body jumping to the savage thrusts, the intruder slamming into the
pair of them. Every thrust caused him to stretch his legs, tugging on his tender
and abused balls. She reached around him, taking them into her hand, feeling the
heavy weight of them. "Hope you've a good load stored in them lover" she
whispered into his ear.

She changed the angles slightly, so that the dildo in his ass would press more
heavily on his prostate, massaging him internally. She cried out in ecstasy as
she orgasmed again, burying the cock as deep into him as she could manage, her
hips pressed firmly against his cheeks. As she bucked and shuddered, this was
seemingly enough to bring him off too. His cock started to spurt, pumping a
large load of cum onto her hand and sheet.

Spent, she rolled away from him, getting her breath back. "Thanks Lover, that
was intense!" she murmured.

Eventually she stood, leaving the dildo in his ass, and took a Polaroid camera
from her bag of tricks. She moved round him, taking snap shots, making sure she
got the spunk and dildo, but missing out the ties. Putting the camera away, she
mentioned casually that she was sure that he wouldn't want his mates at the
rugby club to see these, would he. Throwing one of the more interesting ones
down on his chest.

He nodded, his face coloured by the shame that he'd came whilst being buggered,
and by a slip of a girl too.

She quickly dressed; her body tingling from the intensity of that evening's fun
and games. She paused, removed her gag, replacing it with his discarded
underwear. She threw a kitchen knife down by his hands as she gathered up the
rest of her things and left, sure that she'd never be hearing from him again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lofwyrkp


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





