BDSM Library - A Strange New Life




A Strange New Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Based loosely on a true story, about a girl running from her past who discovers the world of BDSM and reluctantly, but willingly enters into it.
A Strange New Life

Prologue


She sat nervously eyeing the strangers rushing past.  There were so many people
here, not that she wasn't used to people, just not so many that she didn't know. 
Suddenly this seemed like a huge mistake, but what else could she do?  The
question had been posed many times in the past week as she had screwed up the
courage to get on the bus.  Then the announcement came over the speakers, her
bus was boarding.  She grabbed the hiking backpack from under her feet and slung
it over her shoulders.  Her shoulders were already aching from carrying it this
far, she wanted nothing more than to stow the pack under the bus, and fall
asleep, though she knew she wouldn't be sleeping for the next 2 days.  She had
been on a Greyhound a few times before and knew she couldn't sleep on them, too
many unknown people, waiting to do too many unknown things.

Tammi spied the bus driver standing by the doors, and pulled her ticket from the
right hand pocket of her jacket.  It was February, and in Toronto that meant it
was still pretty cold.  The bus driver eyed her wearily, and pointed to a spot
on the ground by the open cargo compartment for her bag.  She gratefully set the
bag down and smiled at the handler.  Turning to the driver, she handed him her
ticket, he glanced at it briefly and then tore the multitude of tickets apart at
the perforations.

"Going a long way?" He asked.

Tammi knew the question was rhetorical, so she smiled shyly and waited for him
to permit her onto the bus.

Once in a seat three quarters of the way back she leaned her head against the
window, closed her eyes and began to think about the situation which had brought
her into her current predicament.

Running from situations was nothing new for Tammi; she had been running for the
better part of her adolescent life.  At seventeen she knew she didn't know
everything, but she hoped she didn't have any more hard lessons to learn, she'd
learned enough of those.

She was very sorry she had ever cheated on Scott, even sorrier that she had told
him.  This trip had been coming up; she had just taken it early.  She had
friends in Indiana, and she was supposed to spend March Break with them, but she
was leaving in the middle of February and she was starting her life over,
something Scott didn't know...yet.

She had been working in the worst job she had had yet, sales.  The people were
great, but the commission stunk, and there was no wage, so she'd been working
very long hours, and since Scott had gotten fired from the sandwich shop the
month before, he had been concentrating on school rather than finding another
job, this was a source of endless frustration, not to mention arguments between
them.  She and her sales partner Joe had worked late, and unfortunately the bus
to the suburbs stopped running at midnight, and she had just missed the last bus
home.  Joe offered her his couch, and she had called Scott and told him what had
happened.  He told her he'd see her tomorrow and she went to Joe's.  She took a
shower, put on his bathrobe, dried off, dried her hair, Joe had offered her a
shirt to sleep in, her being five foot two and he being six foot one, his shirts
were large enough, she accepted, and he tucked her in on the couch.  Tammi
thought this a bit odd, but said nothing as she watched him walk away; she
admired his body briefly as he walked into his bedroom, rolled over and promptly
fell asleep.  A few hours later she felt someone shaking her.  It was Joe.  She
had looked up at him sleepily, apparently she had been tossing and turning so
much in her sleep she had fallen off the couch. She laughed sheepishly and he
gently helped her into the bedroom, she rolled over assuming he would take the
couch, and instead he got in next to her.  She blushed furiously and told him
she'd go back on the couch, she moved to get up and he pinned her, kissing her
mouth, hard.  She gave in and as they say, one thing led to another.

The next morning she went home to Scott and told him everything.  After a loud
argument, he slapped her across the face.  She packed a few things and went to a
motel she couldn't really afford, telling Scott as she left that she would be
back to discuss things in two weeks.

As promised she came back after two weeks and they started a discussion, which
once again escalated into a heated argument.  Scott hit her again, and she told
him she was going to take her March Break early and see her old friends. She'd
be back in a few weeks.  Scott was upset, but said next to nothing to dissuade
her.  After paying up the rent and other bills for the month, she had bought her
ticket and waited. Scott had offered to escort her to the bus depot, and she
told him that was probably a bad idea.

Now here she was rushing towards a fairly unknown town (it was bigger than a
town, but she couldn't bring herself to think of it as a city.) to an unknown
life. 





I

Tammi stepped off the bus and looked around, it was late afternoon and she had
fifty cents in her pocket.  She grabbed her hiking pack full of essentials and
moved into the bus station, heading for the bank of payphones.  She dug her
diary out of her pack and looked up Tommy's phone number.  She dialed and a girl
answered, she vaguely remembered his sister Kathy. 

"Can I speak with Tommy please?" Tammi asked hesitantly.

"He's at work, you'll have to call back later," Kathy said curtly.

Tammi knew she was going to hang up, "Kathy, listen this is Tammi, I just got
here and I'm stuck, do you have the number there?"

"Sure, just have to find it," Kathy laughed.

After giving Tammi the number she hung up, happy that people still remembered
her, even after almost a year and a half.  Tammi dialed the work number and
waited patiently.

Tommy answered the phone in his DJ voice, and Tammi was hesitant.

"Hello?" He asked again, waiting.

"Tommy?"

"Yeah, who is this?"

"You better know who the fuck this is." She said defiantly, her eyes were
gleaming.

"Tammi?!" he almost shouted. "You sound so close, how's Canada?" He asked.

"I wouldn't know, I'm here," she said holding her breath.

"What do you mean here? Here, here?"

"I'm at the bus station," Tammi heard familiar voices in the background, "Who's
with you?"

"Oh, It's Oz and Spoo," he said off-handedly.

Just my luck, she thought, "I don't suppose either of them would be willing to
pick me up?" she asked curiously.

"That's the dumbest question you've asked yet," Tommy laughed, "about 15
minutes, okay hon?"

"Great, thanks a million Tommy."

"No problem girl, see you in a bit."

She hung up and waited.  Spoo she mused, and laughed.  She had dated him briefly
last time she had been down.  She had been living with her aunt in a suburb; she
had only stayed 7 weeks until her aunt had kicked her out and she had returned
to Canada and Scott.

She stayed with Tommy for a week while his parents were out of town, and then
with Spoo, who's real name was Andy, until his mom called her aunt.  This was
enough to piss Tammi off indefinitely.  Her aunt told her she could stay for one
night until she found somewhere else to go.  She found a shelter for women
trying to get on their feet.  They said that they usually didn't take in
teenagers, but that God had given them a sign.  Tammi had never been much into
organized religion, and rolled her eyes inwardly but said that she was glad that
they had decided to accept her.  One month after leaving Canada, she had a room
and food in her stomach.  They urged her to get a pregnancy test and make a
doctor's appointment, get a job and start looking for a place of her own.

She did, and as suspected she wasn't pregnant, the doctor proclaimed she was in
excellent health. She got a job as a telemarketer, which she hated, but it made
money and was less than a mile from the shelter so she could walk.  On weekends
she worked in the soup kitchen and clothing bank that the shelter supported. 
There were great women there, most didn't speak to her, but she made friends
with another younger woman like herself and they hung out constantly.  About a
month into her stay she was told that they were doing a fundraising walk for
their sister house, which was a shelter for pregnant teens.  It was mandatory
that all residents participate in the walk to raise the money.  Tammi agreed,
reluctantly, but since it was a weekend and the soup kitchen and clothing bank
would be closed for the day because of the walk, she had no excuse not to
attend.

The morning of the walk she woke up and slipped on a pair of short shorts,
bikini top, and white loose vest with a hood.  The house mother looked at her
with raised eyebrows, but Tammi just smiled and raised hers in return, asking
her to say something.  Tammi usually dressed skimpily, especially for long
walks, it was just easier to stay cool.  The walk started like any other, Tammi
wasn't really walking with anyone, or speaking with people, until she saw
something that caught her eye about halfway through.  A guy, no a man about
twenty or so feet ahead of her, talking with another boy, which was exactly what
the other one was, he was probably eighteen or older, but he didn't have the
same air as the other.  The tall man in front of her was wearing jeans and a
t-shirt and yet seemed like he knew everything.  Her heart fluttered, and her
knees felt weak.  She didn't want to appear stupid or childish, so she walked up
behind him, gently tapping his arm, she said "Hi" and just continued to pass
him.  Little did she know that within a week her whole world would be turned
upside-down.

He caught up with her and they began talking, he had such a commanding stare,
that she couldn't look him straight in the eye.  He also reminded her of another
ex, but a more dangerous one, and one she didn't like to think about.  Although
he was tender, caring and gentle towards her, some part of her mind, thought
briefly, yeah for now.

She found out his name was Johnny and they spoke about everything.  She told him
about coming here and he laughed, most guys didn't like that she was so
spontaneous, everyone told her to slow down and plan, but it didn't seem to be
in her nature.

At the mall where they ended the walk they somehow got separated, she looked for
him everywhere; she wanted to be near him again, never mind want girl, the voice
spoke in her head again, hell you NEED to be near him.  She only spotted him
after remembering his six foot six frame and started looking up over people's
head for the hat he had been wearing.

The t-shirt he was wearing was comical and after asking him to turn around so
she could read the back, and admire his ass, she laughed out loud.  It was a man
holding a rolled up newspaper, and a dog begging to be hit with it.  She asked
where he got it, and he told her about a store called Spencer's.  She had never
been to one, and so he offered to take her.

"Now?" she asked slyly.

"Any time you want." He smiled.

"I'll be right back, don't go anywhere."

He followed her instead. 

'Well he doesn't take orders well,' she thought, little did she know.

She walked over to where her house-mother was standing and introduced them, she
told her she'd be home by curfew, which was ten o'clock and Johnny promised to
have her back well before.

Tammy and Johnny left in Johnny's car.  Tammi couldn't help chastising herself
for wearing such a skimpy outfit, but she didn't know she was going to find any
man, let alone this one.  They talked about all kinds of things, nothing sexual,
and nothing even hinting at a relationship.  She learned he had had a
relationship that had ended badly within the past few months and she told him
about Scott, not everything, but enough.  They wandered through another mall in
a nearby town and window shopped, she didn't notice when he briefly stopped at a
gumball machine on the way out.

At quarter to ten they drove past the shelter.  Tammi watched it go by in shock,
she looked over at Johnny who had a slightly evil grin on his face and thought
'Great, I've spent the entire afternoon with a psycho and I didn't even know
it.'  She had hitch hiked fairly frequently and usually if it was a bad
situation, or just a bad person her radar would go off, but that hadn't been the
case, 'Or maybe your body was just over taken by lust.' Her brain spoke up.  She
squashed the voice, and turned to Johnny.

"I think you passed it," she laughed.

"I know." He said, his voice sounded dangerous suddenly.

"Well then just pull over up here and I'll walk back," she suggested.

"I don't think so." He said in the same voice.

She stared at him blankly, but for some reason she was dripping wet.

"I'm sorry?" She asked.

"Don't act like you didn't hear me, you know exactly what I said." He smiled at
her, an evil shark grin that bared his teeth.

"Okay, now I'm getting pissed, either pullover or don't, I don't give a shit,
but I'm getting out of the car."

"Go ahead," he replied and sped up, smiling that same smile.

Tammi reached for the door handle, and he pumped the gas.  She looked over at
her captor in shock, and horror. 

"Okay, look, if I'm not back by ten o'clock, they lock the doors and I won't be
able to get in, and then they'll call the police."

"Okay." He smiled; he obviously wasn't concerned.

"At least tell me where we're going," she said resigning herself.  She might as
well make the best of it, since the clock already read nine fifty-five, she knew
there was no way she could get back in time.

"Right here," he said as he pulled into a stadium parking lot.  She looked
around, there was nobody there.

He stopped the car, opened his door and dropped to one knee on the pavement
below his open door.  He pulled something from his pocket and Tammi saw it was a
ring from a bubble gum machine.  She laughed out loud, and he smiled sweetly.

"Will you marry me?" He asked.

"Yeah sure," she replied laughing harder. "You're joking right? You don't even
know me; you don't know anything about what I am, where I've been, nothing."

"I know enough, and no, I'm not joking."

She didn't think about it much, she remembered the way he had spoken to her not
five minutes ago, how he had decided she was what he wanted and he was going to
have it.  She supposed she could say no, but then what?  Back to the shelter,
maybe if they'd let her back, her mundane job, her boring routine life, where
she barely even got to go see friends anymore she was so busy doing everything
else.  This man was offering her something, she didn't know if he had a job, but
he had a car, and somewhere to lay his head, although she thought he had said he
lived with his parents, at this point she didn't care, it was better than the
shelter, he had money or he wouldn't have a car, unless mom and dad bought it
and were paying everything.  This guy was offering her stability, and she was
attracted to him, and that voice, my God.  She finally took a deep breath and
looked at her lap,

"Yes." She breathed.

He smiled at her, and put a finger under her chin, tilting her face to his,
"Look me in the eye and say it again, clearly." He said in that same voice.

She was shocked into sudden silence, and then looked directly into his steel
grey eyes, "Yes, I'd be honored to marry you," she said, while thinking what an
odd color for eyes to be, I never even noticed.

He slipped the ring on her finger, and kissed her.  That first kiss took her by
surprise as his hand gripped her hair tightly, she was soaked now and making no
attempt to hide it.

She squirmed over on the seat to be close to him and he gently pulled her back
to her own seat, guiding her by her hair.

She immediately cast her eyes down and looked at the seat, thinking she had done
something wrong.

He smiled but told her that they would spend the night talking, about important
matters and if she still wanted to marry him come 9 am tomorrow they would go.

"Why nine?" She asked.

"That's when the bank opens, dear." He laughed.

She laughed with him, and God that felt good.




II

The next morning when the bank opened, Tammi knew enough about Johnny to want to
marry him, they had driven and sat and talked all over town, usually until a
police officer told them they couldn't be somewhere. She found out his full name
and rolled her new name on her tongue.  Tamitha Erin Anderson. She smiled at
him.  He took money out of the bank, and she laughingly asked him how much. 
This was her first mistake since agreeing to marry him.

"Enough," he growled.

She was taken aback, "I thought finances belonged to both partners in a
marriage," she said cautiously.

"You'll learn," He said, and grinned evilly.

She flinched backward in her seat, waiting for the blow to land, and now it was
his turn to stare in shock.

She hadn't told him about Jimmy, she had hoped it would never come up.

It was like he knew instantly, there they were in the parking lot of the bank
and he reached over gently and put an arm around her, she flinched again when he
touched her.

"You have to talk about it, you know." He told her solemnly.

"Not now, not ever, please," she whined.

"Not now, but eventually," he said.

"I'll understand if you don't want me any more," she said looking down, she knew
this was something a lot of guys took to heart, she'd make them angry and they'd
get frustrated and then they'd try to touch her to calm her down and she'd end
up huddling in a corner crying, always silently.  Most of them never hit her,
but it didn't matter.  It was far too easy to hide.

"Maybe, with a shrink some day, but I don't want you to know, you don't want to
hear it, and I don't want you to think of me that way."  She had never admitted
to anyone that she had been abused, her mom had always taught her to be a
strong, independent woman, and yet, she didn't really want that, she wanted to
be under someone's control, even if that meant being beaten.  Maybe that's why
she had put up with it for so long.

He tilted her chin up again with his finger so she could meet his steely gaze,
"We'll discuss this later." He promised, and she knew he was going to make good
on that.

They drove for almost four hours, listening to music and talking some more,
about everything and nothing.  When they finally got into a bigger city, she
looked around and felt at home.  Tammi looked over at Johnny and smiled.  He
stopped at a hotel, which looked expensive, but since Tammi had only stayed at
three or four in her life and most of those were pretty seedy she didn't have
much to compare it to.

"Wait here," he said and got out to go register them.

She waited patiently and changed the radio station to a different channel, one
that was playing much better music in her opinion.

When he came back to the car, he scowled at her; she glanced up at him, and
quickly turned the radio back to where it was.  He took the keys and told her
the room number.

Tammi skipped ahead looking for the room and patiently waited while he caught up
and opened the door.

The room was huge in Tammi's opinion.  There was a large bathroom, a huge king
size bed, and a sitting area.  She glanced at Johnny who was taking off his
shoes and sat in one of the chairs.  She realized that although they had talked
she didn't know nearly a much about him as he did about her.  She tended to run
on at the mouth, and offer too much information.

"Did you say you lived with your parents?" She asked.

"No. I didn't say." He smiled.

Tammi's brow furrowed trying to remember.  She could've sworn he had said that. 

"Don't worry about it for now. We need to talk." He said and pointed to the
chair across from his.

"Can I get a drink first?" She asked tentatively.

"Certainly," He smiled, waiting.

She stood there a moment, and realized she had no money, and she was almost out
of cigarettes.  He had gotten a smoking room because she smoked, and he did as
well, occasionally.

She blushed furiously and looked at the floor, "Never mind." She said.

"If you want something, just ask." He said pointedly.

"Well I did, I just forgot that I'm broke," she giggled nervously.

"I know." He smiled again, "And I bet that pack of cigarettes is running low
too."

She looked up at him sharply, she wanted a cigarette desperately, but with only
three left, and not knowing where she was going to get another pack from she
didn't want to smoke one too soon.

His smile instantly turned into a menacing scowl and she dropped her eyes.

Johnny was musing at this.  Was she naturally submissive, or was it just from a
bad experience.  He couldn't believe it.  Here was a girl with no ties to
anyone, hardly, and the ones she did have were weak at best.  She had accepted
his offer of marriage, almost as soon as the words were out of his mouth, hell
almost as soon as she'd met him.  Now came time to breach the dreaded subject;
the one that most women thought was a joke.  He had been in the lifestyle only a
few years, but enough to know what he wanted and what he liked. He saw it all in
her.

Slowly he took out his wallet, and produced a ten dollar bill, and the keys to
the car.

Tammi looked up wonderingly.

"Go get a coke and a pack of cigarettes, whatever brand you like.  Then go to
the trunk of the car, there's something there, you'll know it when you see it. 
Carry it carefully back here and hand it to me."

She took the money and keys and stuffed them into her pocket.

He picked the keycard up from the table between the chairs and held it out.

"You won't be able to get back in without this." He said smiling.

She giggled and danced over to get the card. She kissed his cheek, whispered
thank you in his ear, and walked out the door.

Johnny got up and walked over to the window, watching her beautiful ass bounce
down the stairs towards the lobby.  He watched intently as she walked out about
5 minutes later, lighting a cigarette and practically skipping to the car.  She
opened the trunk and started rummaging, and then she stopped pulling her hands
back as if the trunk were on fire.  Johnny chuckled softly, what was running
through her head, he thought.

Tammi lit a cigarette as she walked out of the lobby and over to the car.  She
opened the trunk and at first couldn't see anything he could possibly want.
There was a blanket, change of clothes, everything people were supposed to carry
in their car in case they got stuck in cold weather.  A spare tire a jack, then
she began moving things, she shifted the blanket and felt something solid
underneath, she moved it further, and looked down pulling her hands away
quickly.  At first she didn't know what it was, and then gingerly she pulled the
rest of the blanket back to reveal a two foot long fraternity paddle.  No holes,
but at almost half an inch thick and four inches across it was formidable to say
the least.  She glanced back into the trunk, then up at the hotel room.  She
thought briefly of running away and seeing if she could possibly get her room
back at the shelter, what kind of man was this? She thought.  She touched the
paddle tentatively, it was smooth, not a scratch on it, and hard, but somehow,
sensual, she liked it immediately.  She ran her fingers along it, teasingly, and
then glanced back up at the hotel room.  She could've sworn she had seen Johnny
outlined in the window.  She shrugged to herself, and picked the paddle up
gingerly between her right thumb and forefinger.  Taking a long drag on her
cigarette she closed the trunk grabbed the keys from the lock, and started back
up to the hotel room, trying to hide the plank of wood she was holding from
anyone who might be watching.

Johnny watched her, and when she looked back down at the trunk he moved over to
the other window, partially shielding himself with the curtain.  He heard the
trunk close and watched as she gingerly held the paddle away from her body and
continued to try and hide it beneath her skimpy clothing.  This made him laugh.
When she was almost to the door he sat back down in his chair and waited for
her.

She came in with a cigarette lit, a coke opened and almost half gone, and the
paddle still held between thumb and forefinger, although he guessed her hand was
starting to cramp from the weight.  She tossed the paddle on the bed, the
keycard on the table, and handed Johnny his keys.

He looked up at her, 'We're going to have fun.' He thought.

"Nothing for me?" he asked raising an eyebrow.

"The paddle is on the bed, the keycard is right there, and I gave you your
keys." She returned haughtily.

"Since you obviously know what it is, I assume you know how it's to be used?" he
said, still scowling at her.

"Yeah, a guy I dated went through a period where he liked to tie me up and spank
me, but he got over it." She replied, then she realized what she had just said,
and blushed furiously.

He laughed.

"Did you enjoy it?"  He asked pointedly.

She thought back to the few play sessions that she and Jimmy had had before he
decided that it was better to just kick the crap out of her.

"It was better then the alternative." She decided.

Abruptly she mashed the cigarette out in the ashtray and lit another.  She
offered the pack to Johnny and he shook his head and then leaned forward and
took hers out of her hand.  She looked at him feigning shock and then took the
last one in the old pack and put it in her mouth to light it. He took this one
too.  Now she was getting mad.

"Okay, I know we don't know each other that well, but there's one thing you
should know, don't fuck with the cigarettes, I only smoke when I need them."

Johnny snubbed the cigarette out in the ashtray, leaned forward, grabbed her
wrist and pulled her over his lap.  She struggled until the first swat landed on
her right ass cheek.

She screamed, mostly in shock it didn't really hurt.

"Hey, quit it!" she whined at him, "This isn't funny."

"It's not meant to be funny." He growled back.

"Boy!  Are you sexy when you're angry," she giggled.

A harder swat landed on the other cheek.

"Okay, that hurt." She said half-seriously.

"But we're just getting started." He said mockingly.

"WHAT?!" she screamed at him.

He continued to spank her, alternating between her cheeks and gradually
increasing the severity with each slap.

"Johnny, come on," she mewed, "Stop please, and I'll show you something."

"Quiet."

"Johnny quit, please."

"Lift up," he replied,

She tried to get up and he growled at her, and gently bit the side of her neck. 
Her legs buckled and she was kneeling beside him, head up eyes down her hands on
her thighs.

'Somebody did a number on her.' He thought briefly.

"Get up," he ordered.

She stood and kept her eyes down.

He unbuttoned her shorts, and she didn't move, he slid them down to mid-thigh
and they fell to the floor, she was shaved bald, and no underwear.

"Where's your underwear?" he asked briefly.

"I don't own any." she replied quietly, "I always did hate it."

He smiled softly, and gently pulled her back over his lap.

"Now we need to get a few things straight right off the bat."

Her defiance was slowly coming back, "I think we should've gotten that out of
the way yesterday," she replied curtly.

His only response was a resounding smack on her left upturned cheek.

There was a red handprint forming.

She yelped and tried to cover her bottom with her hands.

"First rule, don't put your hands back here, if you do it again, I'll keep them
from coming back here."

The idea of having her hands tied suddenly sent tingles down her spine, straight
to her already damp sex.  Johnny saw the goosebumps down her back and smiled to
himself.

"Now, let's get on with it."

"Yes, Sir," she replied.

"If you want a cigarette, ask for them, if you don't have to ask, they will be
in your possession.  I don't use titles, Sir, Master, Dom, they're all titles,
and I've never used them, if you want to, go ahead, but they're not expected. 
If you want something, you ask politely and respectfully for it.  When I give
you a task you complete it, to the letter.  I realize this will take time and
I'll give you a break here and there as I see fit, but your behavior since
seeing the paddle has been atrocious.  I know you don't know much if anything
about the lifestyle I'm showing you and I'll answer questions, and fill you in
as much as possible.  If you're up for it though, I'd like to see what kind of
threshold you have, and what you enjoy and don't."

Her face broke out in a huge smile.

"Thank you," was all she could manage.

He smiled down at her; this was going to be fun.




III

Johnny kept his new wife over his lap for almost fifty swats.  By the end
Tamitha was panting and writhing and sopping wet.  It didn't really hurt so much
as send small jolts of pain directly to her overheated groin.  She wanted him so
badly and she could feel his hardness through his jeans, she knew he wanted her
as well, and yet, he waited.  She envied his self-control and loathed it all at
the same time.

He slowly stood her up and she stood next to him, hands clasped in front of her,
head down, blushing from head to toe.

"Hands at your sides," he said calmly, "head straight, that's it," his voice was
like silk.

She smiled briefly, but said nothing.

"Now we're going to try the paddle." Seeing the look of fright in her eyes, he
soothed her, "Trust me, Tammi, you'll be fine, and if it hurts too much, or you
can't take it, simply say red, and I'll stop."

She nodded, and swallowed hard.

He picked the paddle up from the bed and walked around behind her.

He put his hand on her back and applied gentle pressure; she immediately bent at
the waist and grasped the arm of the chair.

"Other one," he said, and she leant forward so her hips were on one arm and
hands on the other.

"Arch to me," he said and she instantly thrust her already bright pink ass up
and out.

He grinned evilly, 'Somebody had certainly shown her something,' he thought.

The first whack of the paddle wasn't very hard, really not much more than his
last hand swat had been.  And the pain traveled instantly to her sex.  She could
get used to this, she thought brightly.

But as the swats continued, they got harder and closer together; her bright pink
buttocks were now beginning to turn a deeper shade of red.  She could feel the
heat radiating from her battered cheeks and overheated pussy.  She suddenly
realized she had been grinding her hips into the chair arm, and stopped.  She
heard Johnny laugh, and she blushed again. 

"It's not funny," she said.

That earned her a much harder thwack square across both already sore cheeks.

Tammi screamed into the arm of the chair, and resisted the urge to glower at him
over her shoulder.

"What was that?" He asked mockingly, trying to goad her into another outburst.

"Nothing, Sir," she replied quietly.

"You learn fast, little one."

She grinned, feeling proud of herself, although why she didn't know.

She took almost one hundred full swats of the paddle until she cried red.

He was beaming.

Johnny gently helped her up from the arm of the chair, and held her close to
him, sitting on the edge of the bed.

"You did well.  You took much more than I thought you could," he told her.

"I probably could've taken more," she confessed, "But I know we've got a car
trip, and well..." her voice trailed off.

Johnny chuckled softly as he stroked her hair.

He gently laid her back on the bed, her bikini top and vest long since removed. 
Johnny shed his own clothes and joined her.  They made vanilla love for several
hours before dropping off into a deep sleep.




IV

Their relationship continued this way for several months, experimenting with
various instruments and forms of S&M play.  They were happy, and yet Tammi
wanted more. She didn't understand it, at least not fully until they bought a
house together and Tammi got her computer.  She started to talk to other S&Mers
in the area, and found what she had been craving.  The S&M was great, she loved
it, and wouldn't give it up for the world, she found out she was a bottom, and
as she delved deeper found that the true word for her was a submissive, or sub. 
She approached Johnny one day with her findings, presenting him with several
printouts of FAQs and a story that she had found online. 

To her surprise Johnny knew a lot about the BDSM world already. He had
experimented with it when he had learned about his S&M fantasies and desires,
and while he enjoyed a lot of it, it wasn't all he had hoped it would be.

The more Tammi read about slaves and subs and Doms and Masters, the more she
wanted it.  She couldn't hide it; she started looking at online stores and
auctions that specialized in fetish wear and gear.  Johnny noticed, but didn't
say much, after all she was home all day and he was working so that was her
vice.  Then Tammi started talking to Doms online, chatting with them, always
friendly and always, as was her nature, offering a little too much information.

Johnny spoke to her about it several times, the dangers and risks of talking to
people online and giving them even just a little too much information, could
prove very dangerous for both of them.  He always got the same response, she
would swear to not do it any more, roll her eyes, and go back to the same old
thing.  He knew this had to stop and decided that it would be now.

Johnny came home from work one afternoon to find a note from Tammi, she had
walked up to the store and would be back in a few minutes, the time on the note
was less than five minutes ago, so Johnny figured he had about an hour or so
before she came home, this was just the opportunity he had been waiting for.

He went upstairs to their bedroom.  He fastened handcuffs to the headboard, and
tied rope to the footboard.  Then he left several lengths of rope within easy
reach and arranged an array of paddles, plus a riding crop, two small floggers,
a few clothespins, a couple wooden spoons and three vibrators on the top of the
dresser.  He grabbed a scarf from the closet and waited patiently by the door.

When Tammi walked in carrying a small bag of groceries, she turned to see Johnny
smiling evilly from the corner of the couch.

"Put those in the kitchen, and put them up." He growled.

They had been married almost three years at this point, and she knew when he was
in a playful mood.

She immediately cast her eyes downward, "Yes, Sir." She replied and hurried to
the kitchen.

'Thank goodness I put underwear on this morning.' She thought to herself.

She put the groceries up quickly and almost skipped back into the living room
where Johnny waited.  She couldn't help thinking of him as her Master.  It
seemed almost automatic.

She kneeled at his feet and leaned her head against the inside of one calf.  He
roughly pushed her head off of him and grabbed her shoulder, pulling to signal
her to turn around.

She was beginning to get scared, she had told him about Jimmy, the games, the
mind games, the things he thought were hilarious, including but not limited to
scaring her out of her wits. 

"Johnny, what's going on?" she asked.

"Shut up, bitch." He said gruffly.

She was stunned he never talked to her that way, never.

"Johnny, don't call me that, please."

"Why? Wasn't that your nickname in high school, bitch?  Why can everyone else
call you that and not your Master?"

She was about to reply when she caught his last words, and her heart skipped a
beat.  Her groin was instantly wet and she tried to turn her head to look at him
to see if he was being serious.

"Eyes forward." He barked.

She stopped immediately and turned her gaze back straight ahead.

Suddenly she was blinded, she couldn't see, he had slipped the scarf over her
eyes from behind and for a second she panicked and started shaking her head. 
She felt a sharp tug on her hair and stayed still.

"Better." He replied, "Trust me, you'll be fine."

She realized she did.  She felt him tug forward on her hair, and she started to
stand.  Her response was a sharp smack on her rear.

"Nobody told you to stand, bitch. Crawl."

She dropped back down to her hands and knees and crawled.  He guided her to the
stairs and told her they were there, she crawled up them with some difficulty. 
He led her to the bed, and helped her up onto it.

"Lay on your stomach.  Arms up, legs spread."

She did as he commanded, and waited.  Suddenly she heard a clicking noise, and
felt her left wrist touch cold metal; shocked she pulled back a bit. 

A loud slap landed on her upturned rear, "Still." She heard Johnny say roughly.

She stopped and let her wrist be captured by the handcuff, then the other.  Next
she heard a whispering noise, and felt something coiling around her left ankle,
it was rope, she knew rope, but she didn't move, she had all but begged him for
this, and now she was getting what she thought she had wanted.  When he was
satisfied she couldn't move well, he turned his attention to the dresser.

He chose the medium sized ping pong paddle to begin with, and began to slowly
and deliberately spank her with it.  Tammi buried her face in a pillow; she
couldn't even playfully put her hands behind her to block him.  Usually she
would when swats got too hard just to give herself a breather.

After about twenty-five swats he stopped, she was shocked

"You're behaviour has been horrible."

She thought back over the last few weeks, granted she hadn't been as well
behaved as she should be, but he had been slack too.  She wanted to point this
out to him, but knew better.

"You haven't done a thorough proper cleaning of the house in weeks, you've been
too busy talking online to God-knows-who about God-knows-what.  I can't even
begin to count the number of times I've seen you sending pictures to strangers
online of yourself. On top of that, you used to be waiting for me when I got
home, and now I have to fight to get you off the computer!" He was roaring now,
and Tammi knew he was beyond angry.

"Johnny, please, let me up and we'll talk okay.  I know I've been caught up in
things on the computer, but these people, hon, they understand me, they know
what it's like to be me, they sympathize, they've been there!" she protested,
getting angry herself.

"Did I ask for excuses?"  He asked sharply.

"No, but, I'm entitled to defend myself."  She roared suddenly.

"Not any more." Johnny said quietly.

"What?  This is outrageous Johnny, let's talk about this," she pleaded.

"Do you remember when we first met?  Right after the first time I spanked you
and you started getting like this?  I asked you if you needed another lesson you
said no, and then as usual, offered too much information, what did you tell me
you used to jokingly tell boyfriends?"

She frantically thought back.  Then slowly with dawning horror she realized. 
Johnny saw the change in her face.

"Well?  Answer me."

Quietly she mumbled into the pillow.

"What was that slut, I can't hear you?"

She was suddenly starting to cry, and she repeated what she had told him almost
three years before, "The one who can break me, can keep me."

"I don't intend on breaking you.  I want you to think for yourself, however,
you'll have to learn that I know everything that goes on in this house, and I
know you know my rules, so you have no excuse for breaking them.  You will do as
I say or suffer the consequences, and if you think BDSM is all about pleasure,
you're right in a way, pleasure for me, not necessarily you."

Tammi's eyes widened beneath the blindfold, she realized with dawning horror
that he was right.  How many times had she heard the stories online, but didn't
want to believe that there were men who would not have sex with women just
because they wanted it.

She slowly shook her head side to side

"Oh yes dear, you don't even know what torture is." He smiled evilly.  "By the
way, sweetie, I found your stories."

Her face widened in horror, her mouth forming an 'O'.

"Stay here, I'll be right back," he chuckled softly as he went downstairs.

When he came back up a few minutes later he was holding a printout and a pair of
scissors.  Tammi heard him and started talking immediately.

"Johnny, please, we can talk about this, I had no idea what I was asking for,
really.  Please sweetie, let's talk," Tammi couldn't even plead with her eyes,
it drove her nuts to be blindfolded, and yet she was so incredibly horny. 

Johnny suddenly cut away her jeans, and she screamed, those were an expensive
pair, she thought.  Then her underwear was being cut off, she felt him stuff
something into her mouth, and she tried to push it out with her tongue, and
realized it was her own underwear.  She gagged, and tried harder to spit it out.

"Leave it, or I'll tape it there." Johnny threatened.

'I'd like to see him try.' That defiant voice in the back of her mind spoke up. 
She immediately squashed it like a bug.  If she kept thinking that way she'd
never get out of this.  Her only hope was to lay here and take it and hope to
get some pleasure out of it.

She stopped fighting the gag and lay quietly, waiting to see what would come
next.

Johnny smiled down at the sight before him.  His beautiful wife, laying spread
eagle on her stomach, no pants, no panties, and in a minute no shirt or bra
either, blindfolded, gagged and unable to move.  God he loved her.  He cut off
her shirt and bra, and smacked her upturned rear when she squealed.  "Settle
down," he told her.

She quieted immediately. 

"You're learning." He said gruffly.

Tammi smiled a bit beneath her gag.

Johnny glanced over at the dresser and then back at the printout he held.  He
started reading aloud and Tammi was shocked to hear her own words being read
back to her.  She squirmed a bit.

"Still" he barked.  She stopped immediately, and Johnny grinned at the effect
her story was having on her.

"Now let's see what it says here, she's tied spread eagle on her stomach..."
Johnny's voice trailed off, and Tammi knew exactly what was coming.  How many
times had she thought of just this scenario while she masturbated with her
vibrator?  She resigned herself to take it, all of it, and to behave.

"Oh right, belt." Johnny said suddenly, and Tammi immediately began to squirm. 
She loved and hated the belt all at the same time.  It wasn't often that Johnny
used it anymore, he preferred his wooden paddles, and spoons, but the feel and
smell of leather was something Tammi had always loved. 

"Five more, "Johnny said suddenly, and Tammi held still, "See how quickly you
learn, slut?"

God, how she hated that word!  It was a term her mother had used too often, and
it never failed to make Tammi think of the fat cow.

She mumbled something into her gag and Johnny brought the belt down hard across
both ass cheeks.

"What was that?" he asked, and she could tell from the sound of his voice he
expected an answer, nothing pissed him off more than to ask a question and have
it be ignored.

He pulled the gag from her mouth and Tammi took in a fresh breath of air as she
repeated what she had mumbled.  "I hate that word," she said quietly.

"I know, slut," he repeated, adding even more emphasis to the word, and shoved
the gag back in as she squealed from the belt.

After twenty stripes had seared her bottom Johnny put the belt down and read
down the page a little more.  Tammi already knew what came next, the dreaded
spoon.  She hated the spoon more than anything and Johnny knew it.  The tiny
perfect egg shapes it left all over her bottom caused great discomfort when
sitting even the next day, and when Johnny tired of the circles, he usually
flipped it around and used the handle like a short cane to leave small, rounded
stripes.  Today was an exception though, there would be no ovals.  Johnny held
the implement by the spoon end, and immediately began striping his wife's
perfect ass between the wide belt marks.  There wasn't a white patch left after
fifty strokes, and Tammi was sobbing quietly.

Johnny took the gag out of her mouth and Tammi sucked in huge gulps of the fresh
air.

"Do you need to tell me something?" Johnny asked.

Tammi nodded her head silently and took one more big gulp of air, "I'm sorry,
Sir," she said simply.

"Much better, but we're going to finish this and then you and I are going to
have a serious talk."

Tammi nodded, she had already resigned herself to finishing what had been
started, even though she knew she could probably flirt her way out of it, she
knew Johnny's member would be like a rock in his jeans.  She smiled at the
thought.

"Is something funny?" Johnny growled.

Tammi knew that voice, it was the one he had used when they first met and his
most used voice during normal play sessions, it was the dangerous one that told
her without him having to say that she shouldn't cross him.

"Nothing funny, Sir, just fond memories," she purred, thinking what his jeans
would look like right about now.

Johnny didn't need to look at his jeans, but it was almost like reading her
mind, he knew what she meant and he knew how swollen his cock was.  But that
would have to wait.

"You're not getting out of this that easily," he menaced.

"No, Sir," she said quietly.

He wanted to untie her and ram his cock deep inside her, but knew that nothing
would change if he did.  Showing any weakness at this point would be like waving
a T-bone at a starving dog, you're just asking to get bit.

He picked up the shredded panties and stuffed them back into her mouth.  Tammi
accepted them, and didn't even try to expel them.

Johnny smiled gently at her, "Good girl."

Tammi beamed.

Johnny picked up one of the vibrators and turned in on low, Tammi heard the
buzzing, and suddenly realized what it was.  Her eyes widened beneath her
blindfold.  Johnny inserted the vibrator gently between the delicate folds of
her sex; she was already well lubricated, and the vibrator slid in easily.  He
left it on low, and watched as Tammi's hips began to move on the bed.

"Stay still," Johnny said quietly.

"Mmmmph, mmmph," Tammi replied from behind the gag.

"What?" Johnny asked, pulling the gag out of her mouth again.

"I can't," she whined.

"You can and you will," Johnny replied.

Tammi tried desperately not to move her hips against the vibrations in her
loins.  She didn't want to disappoint him, but it felt so good and all she
wanted was to be released from the heat.

Johnny replaced the gag and grabbed some rope from the dresser, he quickly tied
a crotch rope around his wife's waist, and up between her legs, to keep the
vibrator from coming out, Tammi squealed and Johnny smacked her rear again. 
This caused a jolt through the vibrator, and Tammi managed to bite down on her
panties to keep from screaming too loudly.

Next Johnny grabbed one of the small floggers.  This was something Tammi had
never seen; Johnny had bought it especially for the occasion and had kept it in
the car until this afternoon.  He looked down at his wife and thought, my dear
if you think you hate the belt...

Tammi had never felt the sting of a flogger, she had read stories, but she soon
found out that the descriptions prepared no one for the actual kiss of the
leather.

The first one was light, not too hard, Johnny didn't want to break the skin and
she was already pretty red.  Tammi howled regardless, she usually made more
noise than necessary with new toys, trying to anticipate the amount of pain they
would cause, but usually she could see them, Johnny reminded himself.  He waited
almost a full minute, before he landed a second blow on her right cheek.  Tammi
squealed again, but not as loudly.  Johnny waited another few seconds and then
started into a steady rhythm.

Tammi heard the soft swish of the flogger before she felt the first sting in her
left cheek.  She squealed louder than she really should have, it hadn't hurt all
that much.  She lay there sweating trying not to grind her hips into the
constant, annoyingly low buzz of her vibrator, concentrating on Johnny with her
whole being.  Then she felt the same sting on her right cheek.  This one hurt a
little more, but she was slowly adjusting.  As Johnny's rhythm became steady
Tammi began to drift off, not sleep but almost comatose.  All she could focus on
was the heat in her groin and the pain her bottom, then the pain switched to her
upper thighs, and back, the ends of the flogger were wrapping around the sides
of her back and kissing the sides of her breasts, this brought louder squeals,
and heavier panting, and groaning.  Tammi tried to grind her hips and felt a
light slap on her exposed sex, and the end of the vibrator, which immediately
caused her to stop.  Johnny was right, she did learn quickly.

Johnny switched to the other flogger, this one was softer, but the strands were
thinner.  Tammi took the few seconds to breathe deeply and remind herself that
she had asked for this.

The first slap of the new flogger brought tears to her eyes, it didn't have the
same coverage, but the sting was incredible.  Johnny was working the same
general areas, but the sting was much more intense, and each new slap caused
Tammi to squeal.  After a good twenty-five strokes, Johnny brought out the other
vibrator; he turned it on low, and untied the crotch rope briefly.  He removed
the vibrator from Tammi's now dripping pussy and replaced it with the new one. 
The other was thickly coated with her juices and Tammi's eyes widened yet again;
she knew what he was going to do.  She suddenly began to squirm, and felt a
harder swat on her sensitive labia. 

"Just relax, and trust me."

Johnny coated his finger with his wife's juices and began playing with her tight
rosebud.  Tammi moaned into her gag.  Johnny put his face close to hers, and
Tammi could smell his cologne.

"Feel the vibrator in you?  Concentrate on that and relax."

Tammi did as she was told, and slowly Johnny began working his finger into her
virgin asshole.

Tammi moaned thickly when he inserted another finger a few minutes later, Johnny
began moving his fingers in and out, slowly.  He could feel Tammi's whole body
start to shudder.

He put his face back up by hers and continued to move his fingers in and out of
her tight ass.

"That's it. Now, I want you to hold back from that as long as possible." He
whispered, and Tammi realized what he was saying.  She shook her head and
started to give in to the spreading heat in her loins.

Johnny stopped immediately, "Not yet," he growled, and Tammi whimpered. 
"Quiet." 

Tammi immediately fell silent, but wiggled her ass at him seductively, he
responded by smacking it hard.  She cried out from beneath her gag. "I said
STOP," he thundered.

Tammi lowered her head back to the bed, and settled down.  She knew that wasn't
going to work, why was she even trying to get out of it?

She waited patiently and felt the vibrator against her asshole; she wanted to
push back against it, but somehow managed to hold still.

Johnny slowly worked it into her, and then slowly back out, he did this several
more times before reattaching the crotch rope.  It took all of Tammi's strength
not to scream in frustration.  She could feel the heat building but it wouldn't
build enough to allow her an orgasm.

Finally, Johnny picked up the cane.  This was Tammi's hated weapon of choice,
and so out of fairness, he warned her.

"Tammi this will be your final punishment and if you can stand it, when this is
done, we'll sit and talk, and you'll be rewarded, if you try and make me stop by
wiggling your ass like before, I'll file for divorce first thing Monday
morning."

Tammi suddenly realized what he was telling her.  Be good and take it or lose
him, her savior, protector, provider, Master.  He wasn't technically her Master
she knew, but he might as well be, especially after today.  She nodded her
understanding and agreement and braced herself.

"You'll get fifteen strokes with the cane." Johnny said slowly, letting the
words sink in.

Tammi's immediate urge was to spit out her gag, and struggle for all she was
worth to get out of her bonds, scream at him that this had gone far enough and
curse his name.  Of course she didn't.  She nodded resignedly and tensed her
muscles, waiting for the swish, thwap she knew would come.

The first landed at the top of her glowing red cheeks.  Tammi bit down on the
panties in her mouth, and squealed quietly, screamed inwardly and braced herself
again.  She counted backwards from fifteen.  She had heard that that helped,
somewhere, although at the moment she didn't know where.

By five strokes she was crying, at ten she was sobbing uncontrollably and by the
last stroke, she just lay limply on the bed, not even trying to tense up for the
next one.  After the final stroke she screamed with pain and frustration, but
not too loudly, she couldn't stand the thought of losing him.

Johnny leaned down again and removed the gag and blindfold.  He kissed her mouth
hard and whispered in her ear.  "You did well, slut," he grinned at this last
and Tammi looked up into her Master's eyes.

"Thank you, Master," she whispered.

Johnny laughed.  He had always hated that word, yet coming from her; he realized
that that was exactly what he wanted to hear.

Johnny removed the crotch rope and slowly began working both vibrators in and
out of her slowly.  Tammi moaned, and immediately began to shudder.

"Cum for me, slut," Johnny ordered, and she did.




V

Johnny went downstairs a few minutes later, after untying her from the bed, he
was letting Tammi rest.  He spent the time looking through her files on the
computer.  The profiles of the people she spoke to, the stories she was reading,
and the websites she had been visiting.  He gave her almost a full two hour
rest, before quietly going upstairs and gently waking her.

Tammi stretched lazily and looked at up at her husband, a small smile played
across her mouth.

"We need to talk," he said solemnly.

"Are you sure?" she whined sleepily.

Johnny nodded, and offered his hand to help her out of bed.  Tammi took it, and
smiled, "Why thank you kind sir," she said mocking a southern accent.

Johnny smiled back.  Usually this caused him to laugh, but he wasn't in a
laughing mood just now.

One of the people she had been talking to was someone he knew, which was how he
had gotten a lot of his information.  He hadn't been in the habit of spying on
his wife.  She didn't mishandle finances, they had one credit card, which was in
his name only; in short he had no reason to think he needed to check up on her. 
Her behavior had been fairly normal since they had spoken about Jimmy and what
had happened there, and Johnny knew what had happened to her, and what that
bastard had done.  At the time he had thought that she was lucky he hadn't
ruined her.  He had decided within a year that she was a natural submissive but
had wanted to take things slowly, not push her too hard, or force her into
something they'd both regret later.

Tammi followed Johnny downstairs, wearing nothing but stripes on her buttocks
and back.  She felt comfortable though; they were both in the habit of walking
around their small, but spacious house nude.

Johnny sat in his usual chair and Tammi sat on the couch next to him, folding
her legs under her, as was her custom, and gazing into his eyes from over the
arm.  Johnny didn't say anything at first, wondering how to begin.

Tammi just sat gazing at him in total adoration.  She wondered silently to
herself, what was there to talk about?  But she knew, there had been a shift in
their relationship, how he had known and what he had done about it, still made
her reel just thinking about it.  She smiled suddenly, and raised an eyebrow at
Johnny.

"Don't look at me like that," he said patiently.

"Sorry," she dropped her eyes.

"You know that's not what I meant," he said, referring to her eyes on the floor.

She smiled up at him, and returned his steady gaze for a few seconds, before
dropping it again.  She still couldn't look him directly in the eye for more
than a full minute, and this never seemed to stop amusing him.

"Tammi the things you're talking about with people online, and the way you're
saying them, will get you in a lot of trouble.  Thinking about these things and
discussing them with me, is one thing.  But talking so openly with other people,
well it's bound to lead some people on, and after receiving a picture, you can't
possibly know how they'll react," Johnny stopped a minute, hoping he was getting
through to her.

Tammi thought about what he had just said, "So you think I'm giving these people
false hope?" she asked quietly.

"Only if you don't plan to follow through," he replied, looking at her, hoping
she wouldn't say what he thought she might.

"I'd never," she replied, shocked.

"Then why say it?" he asked.

"But that's what I wanted, everything that just happened between us, everything
I've been writing about, reading about.  You can't understand, but it's what I
was made for, to make other people happy, and you should know that, I feel it in
my soul," she didn't know how to make this clear to him, and she looked at him,
helpless to explain it fully.

"No, I do understand.  I am built for the exact opposite, love.  To extract what
I need from people, like you, upstairs, you knew exactly what I wanted from you
and you gave it to me."

Tammi smiled knowingly, and looked back across at him, "I know you don't' like
titles, I know you don't particularly like bondage, and I'm not asking you to do
what you did every night, for one I don't think I would ever get out of bed
again, and neither would you, but I want that lifestyle, I want what they have,
I want..." her voice trailed off.

"Now that you have tasted it, you want more, it's only natural, but Tammi, we
must go slowly.  I know you've figured out what you want, but I'm trying to
figure out how to proceed," Johnny smiled at her.

Tammi mumbled something into her palm, and looked absently at the black screen
of the television. 

"What was that?" Johnny asked casually.

"Nothing," Tammi replied, deep in her own thoughts.

In a flash Johnny was sitting next to her on the couch, he didn't touch her, but
his mouth was menacingly close to her ear, as if he was going to bite it, "What
was that?" he growled low in his throat.

"Training," Tammi whispered, she hadn't realized what she had said before and
began stammering this to him.

"I will draw up a contract this evening, a temporary one if you like, to include
some ground rules, and we'll discuss it after dinner," Johnny told her.

Tammi looked at the clock, it was almost seven already.

Johnny grinned, "You should get started," he said, nodding towards the clock.

Tammi nodded and sped off into the kitchen.

Johnny waited a few minutes and then sat down at the computer.  Opening a new
document and staring at the stark white of it.  Contract, he thought, then
opened his browser and started looking for ideas.  There were more than enough
contracts online, but most of them didn't deal with their exact situation. 
Johnny knew enough about the lifestyle to know what he liked, but Tammi was just
looking into it, and so she need some guide.  He decided to print out a
standard, fill-in-the-blanks contract and a questionnaire, the last he got from
a website for training new slaves.  Johnny looked over the questionnaire which
was almost ten pages long.  Standard questions about living arrangements, name,
state, city, etc. he blacked out with a marker, others that he thought he knew
he left just in case, mainly sexual preference, and number of partners you've
ever had.  He smiled to himself, thinking about the blush that would almost
certainly cover his wife's body when she read the questions.

Tammi had dinner ready within half of an hour, and they sat down to eat.  It was
a light supper, and they talked about their respective days, what they had done,
who they had spoken with, etc.

After dinner Tammi sat with Johnny in the living room, and he handed her the
questionnaire.  She glanced down at it, and Johnny explained about the blacked
out areas, then he looked at her solemnly.

"Tammi, this only works if you're honest," putting emphasis on the honest. 

"Don't you have to fill one out too?" she asked.

"I will, just so you get an idea of what I like, as if you don't already know,"
he smiled at her, "But neither of us has to.  This is for us, nobody else, it'll
give me an idea about what you're willing to explore, and you can fill out
another one in six months, to see how your horizons have broadened," he smiled
broadly at this.  He knew from past experience that women who typically said
they would never try something would within a few months. They stopped thinking
about never, and decided if it was something someone enjoyed; they'd try
anything, just to please them.

"What's so funny?" Tammi asked.

"Nothing, dear, just thinking," He replied absently, "go fill that out, and
we'll talk when you're done."

Tammi went and sat at the dining room table, looking over the questions.  Simple
really, most of them were easy, but there were almost six pages of multiple
choice questions.  She looked at the first page and read:

'On a scale of one to five, one being you thoroughly enjoy it, and five being
you'd never try it, please circle the appropriate response to each question.'

Tammi looked at the questions, most of which were one word only.  Anal sex,
plugs, bathroom control, belts, blindfolds, clothespins, collars, closets,
diapers, electricity, her mind spun.

"Johnny?" she called suddenly.

He looked up from his own questionnaire.

"What if I don't understand what they're asking?" she said thinking about
electricity.

"Put a question mark next to it and we'll talk about it," he replied a slight
smile on his face.

It took her nearly an hour to fill everything out, Johnny had long since
finished and gone to sit in the living room with a cup of coffee, and a
cigarette.

Tammi walked into the living room, handed him the paper, blushing furiously and
sat in the chair across from him, lighting her own cigarette, without thinking. 
Johnny looked at her then at the cigarette, making note, but didn't say a word. 
He looked down at the paper making note of things she'd put question marks next
to, things she'd like to try, things she would never do.  He compared it with
his own and then handed his list to her.

She looked over everything, there wasn't much that he absolutely wouldn't do,
but there was a lot he had tried that she hadn't.  She giggled at a few, but
mainly because she was nervous.  They talked for hours, and Johnny showed her a
few trusted sites where she could chat with others, without them expecting
anything.  Johnny said hi to a few friends online, but didn't stay on long. 
Tammi smiled, she didn't know how he did it, she usually couldn't get away with
saying hi, bye to people, she had in-depth conversations; she looked at him,
asking silently how he had done that.

"In BDSM chat rooms, for subs most of them will say they have chores or tasks to
complete, or that their respective other is home," he smiled, "But Dom/mes leave
rooms without explanation all the time, it's respectful to say something when
leaving, but not necessary for anyone.  You don't have to give an explanation,
just say I have to go, or whatever.  People online know that everyone has a life
outside of the computer, whether they want one or not."

Tammi looked at him startled, she hadn't thought of it that way.  She had been
so consumed by other people's lives she hadn't really been living her own.  It
was almost midnight and Johnny had work early the next morning, they decided to
go to bed. Johnny climbed into bed, and Tammy climbed in next to him. 

As she drifted off to sleep, she heard Johnny mumble, "We'll start tomorrow."

She smiled.




VI

Tammi awoke the next morning, sore but with a bright smile on her face.  She
looked over at the clock, it was almost eight, and Johnny would be late for
work.  Tammi reached over and gently started shaking him, trying to get him to
open his eyes.

Johnny slowly opened one eye, and looked at Tammi, "what?" he asked, still half
asleep.
"It's almost eight, you're going to be late for work," Tammi replied quietly.
"Called them an hour ago, I'm taking a two week vacation," Johnny smiled at her.
Tammi grinned back and hopped out of bed.
"Where are you going?" Johnny raised his head to look at her.
"Coffee," she said quickly.
Johnny smiled and went back to sleep.

She started the coffee, and then went to the bathroom to start the water for her
shower.  As she stepped into the steaming water, the smell of the coffee almost
made her hop back out until after a cup, but decided it could wait.

Tammi took her time in the shower, luxuriating in the hot water cascading over
her body.  She made sure to pay special attention to her shaving, making sure
there wasn't a bit of hair on her from the waist down.

When she finally stepped out of the shower almost forty minutes later, she felt
refreshed, and most of the aches and pains were either gone or fading quickly. 
She padded to the kitchen in a towel and poured two cups of coffee.

Tammi knocked on the bedroom door, two short raps, and found Johnny sitting up
in bed, smiling at her.  She smiled back and handed Johnny his coffee, then
climbed in next to him, sipping her own.  Johnny frowned suddenly, and Tammi
gave him a questioning look.

"Floor," Johnny said sternly.
Tammi sank to the floor, taking in a sharp breath, "It's cold," she whined.
"Did I ask if it was cold?" Johnny returned.
Tammi shook her head and then looked down at her knees.  Her first full day and
she'd already started off on the wrong foot. 
"Tammi, there's no reason for you to feel bad, this is something most people do
gradually, but I know you've been looking into the lifestyle for a long time,
close to two years.  These next two weeks will be to teach you my personal
preferences, and go over your checklist.  I expect you to make mistakes,
nobody's perfect, and I will allow you some time for you to reflect and think
and decide if this is what you really want.  However, your job is to try your
hardest and try and gain as much as you can from your experiences.  I don't deny
this will be difficult, probably for both of us, but this is what you asked for,
it's what we've agreed to, and I don't expect any whining on the subject!"

Johnny's voice had risen almost to shouting level, and Tammy winced, she hated
when he yelled, it made her feel like a little girl again.

"Yes, Sir," she replied quietly, and kept her head down.
Johnny smiled approvingly and handed her a cigarette and lighter.  Tammi lit her
first smoke of the day, and inhaled deeply.  Johnny had a cigarette in his mouth
and looked down at her; she immediately rose up on her knees, and lit his
cigarette for him.

"Always attend to your Master first, slave," he told Tammi through his first
exhale.
"But you..." Tammi's voice trailed off, "Sorry, Sir," she responded quickly,
trying to make him forget that she'd almost made her second mistake of the day.
'Get it together, girl.  You wanted this, are you so sure you don't want it any
more?'  Her mind was reeling.  She had woken up thinking it was any other day,
and it wasn't, it was her first day in a strange new world, and if she wanted
this, which she did, she had to try harder.

Johnny watched, knowing the thoughts running through her mind, knowing how
difficult this was, and realizing what he would have to do to help would be even
harder.  He had been right about the next two weeks being difficult, and with
Tammi's willful streak he knew that by the end of the two weeks he might have to
take a few extra days off of work before he would be able to lift his arms.  He
chuckled softly at the thought, and Tammi glanced up, smiling tentatively.

"No need to fear me," he told her bluntly, and Tammi's smile widened.
"I don't want you to ever be afraid of me, you haven't been in quite awhile, you
know I'm not him, and you know there's a big difference, so let's not back track
now."
The smile never left Tammi's face, she knew all these things, she knew that
Jimmy would never touch her again, and she knew that Johnny was nothing like
him, but it helped to hear it.

"I need some breakfast," Johnny mused, and Tammi jumped to her feet, hurrying to
the kitchen.

Looking through the cupboards she made scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, juice, and
placed cereal and a bowl on the table for him just in case. 

By the time Johnny got out of his own shower, Tammi had set the table and put
breakfast on it, he was pleased.

Tammi knelt next to him while he ate, and he hand fed her from the table little
bits as he pleased.  When he was done, Tammi cleared the table and washed the
dishes.

When Tammi was finished, she followed Johnny to the living room, he sat in his
chair, and motioned for her to kneel at his feet which she did, grateful for the
carpet.

"Now, the first thing we need to discuss is this house," Johnny started,
frowning down at Tammi sternly.  Tammi knew what he was talking about, she
hadn't kept up with daily chores, and the house was starting to look like a
tornado zone.

"I have half a mind to make you clean it with your tongue," Johnny gauged the
amount of disgust on Tammi's face, and waited patiently, "don't make that face
again; it's your own fault.  I'm not going to, but you will get this room clean,
you'll do it on your knees, and you'll have it clean in an hour."
Tammi glanced around the room.  An hour? She thought morbidly.  Tammi opened her
mouth to protest, and then shut it again.

"Good idea, get going." Johnny told her.
Tammi crawled around the living room frantically, naked, Johnny had taken off
her towel in the kitchen, trying desperately to gather everything up and get it
in its proper place.

The books on the bookshelf were difficult but not impossible, and Johnny allowed
her to stand so she could put a few on the top shelf. 

Johnny sat in his chair watching with slight amusement.  At the one hour mark,
he told her time was up.  All things considered she'd done well; the only thing
she hadn't done was vacuum the carpet.  Tammi looked around from her place in
the middle of the room smiling at her work; she'd done it, and then glanced down
at the carpet.  She rushed to the other room to get the vacuum, ass wiggling
seductively.

"Where are you going?" Johnny asked abruptly.
"The vacuum, Sir, I need to finish," she responded sheepishly, stopping
immediately at the sound of his voice.
"But your hour is up." Johnny replied.
Tammi came back to the living room, and knelt at his feet, looking up at him,
she apologized profusely.
"Enough!" Johnny roared, "I didn't ask for an apology, you don't owe me one."
Tammi looked up at him, tears standing in her eyes, but she would not allow them
to fall.
"Tammi, I told you this would be difficult, now stop.  Go get the vacuum, and
finish quickly, you have ten minutes, you may stand to vacuum."

Tammi finished her vacuuming with time to spare, and promptly wrapped up the
cord and put it back.  When she was done she came back and knelt at Johnny's
feet.

"Very well done," He smiled at her, and handed her a cigarette, and then lit it
for her.
Tammi beamed.  "Enjoy the break dear, you're off to the kitchen next." Johnny
said, smiling.

When she was done, she followed Johnny into the kitchen, still crawling.  Once
in the kitchen Johnny ordered her to stand, and bend over the kitchen table. 
Tammi did as she was told, and Johnny walked out of the room, Tammi stayed where
she was waiting.

"I'm glad to see you stayed put, you are learning," Johnny said when he came
back into the room.  He was holding something in his hand, it looked like a long
stick, and Tammi tensed.

Johnny immediately set to work, and bound one ankle to each end of the homemade
spreader bar he was holding.  He had made a trip to the hardware store that
Tammi hadn't known about.  When both of her ankles were secure, Johnny tied a
crotch rope tightly around Tammi's waist, but left her hands free.

"Now, you'll have another hour to clean the kitchen, that means the sinks will
be spotless, and the only thing you'll have left to do at the end of the hour is
to scrub the floor.  I'll be in the living room."  Johnny announced and left the
room.

Tammi stood and looked down at her feet; she was effectively hobbled, and
wondered how in the world she was supposed to clean the kitchen this way.
Better get to it.  Her brain spoke up.

An hour later, she heard Johnny's watch beep, and rinsed the sink, looking
around at the near spotless kitchen, she did need to clean the floor, but she
had also not gotten around to wiping down the counter tops, and grabbed the rag
out of the sink, swiftly scrubbing.

"Drop it," Johnny's voice was stern, Tammi spun around and saw him standing in
the doorway.  She dropped the rag where it was and went over to him, kneeling
clumsily at his feet.

"Back over the table," Johnny said and Tammi did, he left the room again, not
coming back for almost ten minutes.

Tammi waited, shifting her weight from one foot to the other, trying to
anticipate what was coming.

She had turned her head away from the doorway, and the first hard slap caught
her by surprise.

Johnny was standing behind her, holding a large bread board paddle, one of his
favorites and had dealt the first smack squarely in the middle of her bottom
before Tammi had a chance to realize what was going on.

Tammi let out a howl of surprise, and then the second blow came, this time on
her left cheek.  Tammi's yell cranked back up again, and Johnny stuffed a pair
of underwear into her mouth.

"Can't have you waking anyone up," Johnny growled.

Tammi bit down on the panties in her mouth, as Johnny delivered another eight
slaps to her exposed bottom.  She kept her hands on the table though, and tried
not to scream too loud.

When she had received all ten swats, she waited, she wanted so badly to stand
up, turn around, kneel at Johnny's feet and tell him how sorry she was, she knew
he didn't want to hear it, but it made no difference, she wanted to tell him to
make everything okay.

Johnny reached around and pulled the panties from her mouth, and looked into her
face. 
"Now you'll get five strokes with the cane," He said swiftly, Tammi started to
plead, but closed her mouth with a snap.
"Better, now, after each stroke, you'll count the number, and apologize to me." 
Tammi sighed, in relief.

The first stroke was high up on her buttocks, and Tammi almost screamed, but
pursed her lips and bit her tongue, when she had regained her control, she
whispered, "One, I'm sorry, Master,"
"I couldn't hear that, we'll start over," Johnny responded.
Tammi took a deep breath and waited, the next stroke hit her exactly in the same
spot and Tammi did scream this time, but through clenched teeth and clamped
lips, she didn't want the underwear back in her mouth, she wanted to be able to
apologize, so this time she made sure she was audible and clear, "One, I'm
sorry, Master," she said in a normal speaking voice.
"Better," Johnny said before laying the next stroke directly below the first.
"Two, I'm sorry, Master," Tammi said a little louder this time.
The next stroke came below the second, giving Tammi little time to recover,
Tammi inhaled deeply and bit her tongue after this one, tears standing out in
her eyes, "Three, I'm sorry, Master," she sniffed.
The hissing again, and then the crisp, thwack, came below the third stroke,
"Four, I'm sorry, Master," Tammi's voice was starting to hitch now, as the tears
ran freely.
The last stroke was the hardest and landed at the bottom of her buttocks where
they curved neatly into her thighs.
Tammi yelped, but was crying too hard to properly scream, "Five, I'm soooo
sorry, Master," Tammi replied.
"Stand," Johnny told her, and Tammi did, instantly.  Johnny held her to him
until she had calmed down, the whole time Tammi apologized over and over.
"No need, now it's done." He whispered.
Tammi looked up at his face and smiled.
"Kneel, slave,"
Tammi sank to her knees, almost gratefully.
"Hands behind your back hold your elbows."
Tammi did as she was told, and Johnny unzipped his pants.  His cock was
throbbing, and he needed release.
Tammi's eyes lit up when she realized what was happening.  She eagerly sucked
his member into her mouth, and began sucking and licking as if her life depended
on it.
"Slow down," Johnny told her quietly, and Tammi immediately blushed from head to
toe.
Johnny smiled at her, and grabbed a handful of her hair, guiding her with it.
As Johnny approached his orgasm, he glanced down at Tammi, "Swallow, all of it,"
he told her, and Tammi redoubled her efforts, sucking hard her tongue flicking
over the tip ever time she came back, and then her mouth was filled with his hot
cum.
He held her face against his crotch until he was done, and Tammi swallowed all
of it, sucking trying to get the last drop out of him.

When he was done, he let go of her hair, and did up his pants, "Finish up," he
said gruffly glancing around the kitchen. 
"Yes, Master," Tammi whispered and got back to work.



7   
Tammi rolled sleepily over and looked at Johnny, still snoring. She giggled
  softly and went to make coffee and take a shower. After her shower, and her
  first cup of coffee she found Johnny still asleep in bed. Wondering how he
  could be so tired, she crawled into bed and started twirling his hair in her
  fingers. Johnny smiled briefly and barely raised one eyelid to look at her.
  Tammi smiled and ran her hands down to his bare chest. Scratching her nails
  over his nipples and dragging her hands down, under the blankets.  
Propping herself up, she scooted over to kneel between his legs and put her
  hands behind her back clasping her elbows, she bent down and slowly and deliberately
  began sucking his rock hard member.  
Johnny's eyes flew open, but he didn't say anything, when she finally looked
  up at his face, she smiled around his cock, and redoubled her efforts. Johnny
  grinned happily, and let his head fall back on the pillow, enjoying his wife's
  ministrations.  
When Tammi had swallowed the last drop, Johnny pulled her to him, hugged
  her, and smiled. They lay there, with Tammi snuggled into his chest for almost
  fifteen minutes, before Johnny looked at the clock and pronounced it was time
  to get up.  
"Wouldn't it just be easier to stay in bed all day?" Tammi asked with a grin
  on her face.  
Johnny playfully swatted her ass, "Nope, got places to go today," he replied,
  smiling.  
"I thought you said you took two weeks off," Tammi whined.  
"Stop that. I did, but we have things to do. Get dressed."  
So Tammi put on underwear, bra, jeans and a tight-fitting sweater while Johnny
  went to take his own shower and get some coffee.  
When he came back into the bedroom, Tammi was sitting on the edge of the
  bed, waiting for him.  
He smiled at her, and looked her over quickly, "You need a skirt," he said
  quickly.  
She looked at him, with a blank face.  
"And a lower cut blouse."  
Tammi wanted to ask him where he got off telling her how to dress, but bit
  her tongue and went to the dresser.  
"Is something wrong?" Johnny asked casually over his shoulder.  
"No Sir," Tammi replied, still biting her tongue.  
Johnny smiled to himself, but didn't push the issue, or they'd never get
  out of the house.  
Tammi changed to a low cut blouse and skirt, and was just reaching for a
  pair of pantyhose, even though she hated them, when Johnny said, "You don't
  need those."  
Tammi looked at him, "But my legs will be freezing, this skirt is too short,
  and the blouse is too low-cut, I'll end up getting frostbite."  
"You'll be fine," he said sternly, and Tammi knew not to argue.  
"Yes Sir," she replied quietly and lowered her head.  
Johnny smiled.  
When they were finally in the car, and on their way, Tammi asked where they
  were going.  
"Spread your legs," Johnny said.  
Tammi did, but repeated, "So where are we going?"  
"I heard you the first time," Johnny replied.  
"You're not going to tell me?" She asked, wondering where on earth he could
  be taking her at eleven in the morning with her dressed like a prostitute.  
"No, you'll see when we get there."  
They had been driving for almost half an hour, and Tammi was beginning to
  find things less and less familiar. Johnny reached over and put his hand between
  Tammi's legs.  
"Johnny!" she yelped, shocked and squeezed her legs together.  
"Open," he growled.  
"Johnny, we're in the car, everyone can see, please," she whimpered.  
Johnny turned off the main road onto a little back country road, and drove
  for nearly ten minutes, parking in a shaded area away from anything or anyone.  
Johnny got out of the car and walked around to the passenger's side, he opened
  Tammi's door, and grabbed her hair, leading her out of the car by it, then
  he walked around to the trunk, opened it, and took out a length of rope and
  a pocket knife.  
He walked Tammi over to a stand of trees, tied her hands and then looped
  the top over a fairly low hanging branch, pulling it to make Tammi stand on
  her toes. Then he tied of the remaining length on an alternate branch, to keep
  it taught.  
Using his knife he cut a switch from another nearby tree, and looked at Tammi.  
"You probably don't want to scream too loudly, unless you want someone walking
  in on this."  
"Johnny please, I'm sorry, I just reacted, I didn't mean to&hellip;" her
  voice trailed off, she knew she had done something wrong, and by his reaction
  more than one, but was at a loss as to exactly what.  
"Let me explain something here. When you signed that contract, you agreed
  to six months. Now if you had wanted to renegotiate, you should've done it
  before you signed. Now I can understand you have certain reservations, and
  while you're not a full slave per say you are a sub that is being considered
  for collaring, and therefore should act appropriately. When I tell you to do
  something, you do it. You either trust me enough to know that I would never
  seriously harm you, or ask you to do anything that would compromise your safety,
  or you don't. If you don't, then this can't go on. Trust is a huge ingredient
  and I know it needs to be worked on, but you know who I am Tammi."  
Johnny paused, watching Tammi's face.  
"Now if you understand this, and agree to it, again I might add, then all
  I need from you is a Yes Sir. If not then say no and I'll let you down and
  we'll go home."  
Tammi looked at Johnny, did he know the dilemma he was presenting her. She
  didn't know if she could do everything he asked, but she knew he'd never hurt
  her, well not like that  , her mind countered. She smiled
  inwardly at this, and then turned back to the problem at hand. After three
  days did she really want it to end? Could she honestly not do what he was asking?
  She thought so, but didn't want to commit to it, but could it really end here?
  The words he was asking were so simple and yet so hard for her to get out.  
"Let's go Tammi, which is it?" He asked sharply.  
Before she knew what would fly out of her mouth, she replied, "Yes Sir," and
  the words made her smile.  
"Very well, another incident like that and we'll be doing this by the side
  of the road in full view of everyone."  
Tammi's mouth formed an 'o', and then the first swish of the switch landed
  on her buttocks, and she yelped.  
After ten strokes she was crying, and Johnny was working her skirt up over
  her hips. He saw the underwear and looked at her fiercely.  
"Who told you to wear those?" He asked, snapping the waistband.  
"Nobody," she said quietly.  
"Exactly," he pulled them off and shoved them in her mouth.  
Ten more strokes were applied to her bare bottom and by the end Tammi was
  sobbing.  
"Now, you'll get five more for wearing those, from now on you wear what you're
  told, not what you feel like. Clear?"  
Tammi nodded her head, and braced herself.  
When the last five strokes were across her bottom, Johnny reached out and
  pulled the wadded up underwear from her mouth and threw them over his shoulder.  
Tammi opened her mouth to protest and then snapped it shut.  
Johnny smiled and kissed her, they stood there, her with her skirt still
  pulled up over her hips, and the rope tied to her hands, leaning against his
  chest, and him holding her. She was still crying softly.  
"Let's go, we'll be late." Johnny gently untied her and got the rope down
  and put that and the switch in the trunk, "Just in case," he smiled.  
Tammi shuddered, that switch had been horrendous, though still not as bad
  as that one time with Jimmy and the electrical cord.  
Tammi got in the car and winced as her bottom hit the seat. Johnny chuckled
  slightly at this but said nothing.  
They got back to the highway and Johnny turned on the radio. Then placed
  a hand on Tammi's thigh, "Open," he said, and Tammi spread her legs obediently
  apart. When his hand snaked further up under her skirt, she said nothing, just
  enjoying his fingers on her wet sex.  
"Almost there," he said removing his hand, and bringing it to her mouth, "suck." He
  said.  
Tammi looked at his fingers, covered in her juices and then back at Johnny's
  face. She took a deep breath, and tentatively began sucking Johnny's coated
  fingers clean. The taste wasn't that bad at all, and as long as she didn't
  think of the fact that it was her own juices she was okay. When she was done,
  Johnny smiled at her, and leaned over, quickly kissing her.  
They pulled into the parking lot of what looked like an adult book store
  and Tammi smiled, toys,  she thought, little did she know.  
8   
They got out of the car, and Johnny looked Tammi over. He cupped her chin
  lightly and tilted her face to his.  
"You will stand up straight, shoulders back, chin up, eyes down, keep your
  hands behind you, gripping your elbows, and if I point to the floor, you're
  to kneel next to me. Stay one step behind me and to the right. Can you remember
  all that?"  
"Yes, Master," Tammi replied, not really knowing if she could or not, but
  figured it was best to try.  
Johnny smiled and kissed her, and began walking towards the shop.  
Tammi watched him walk and quickly clasped her elbows behind her back and
  straightened herself, taking mental note of his steps so she could try and
  stay at the proper pace.  
She had glanced around when they had first pulled into the gravel parking
  lot, and there was only one other car here. The shop was out of the way on
  a side road, there was nothing else around. Tammi glanced around again now,
  looking for some other sign of civilization, Johnny wouldn't leave me here,
  would he? Her mind suddenly asked and for a minute she almost panicked and
  ran back to the car. Instead, she gripped her elbows tighter, bit her tongue
  and concentrated on what she was supposed to be doing; straightening her shoulders,
  imagining her back against a board, and tilting her hips forward, so as to
  keep her entire body as straight as she could.  
Johnny held the door for her, and Tammi was shocked to see, a girl not much
  older than she was standing by the front door. Her hands were bound in front
  of her, fairly tightly, looking down she saw the chain between her legs hobbling
  her. She was wearing a leather mini skirt, and matching halter top, and she
  gazed up at Johnny reverently when he walked through the door behind Tammi.  
"Hello, Johnny!" she almost screamed, "So good to see you again, Sir." She
  was grinning from ear to ear.  
"Hello chris, nice to see you too. Did you go and get yourself in trouble
  again?"  
"Oh no, this is for Master's pleasure," she rolled her eyes slightly when
  she held up her arms.  
"Better watch that attitude," Johnny commented quietly.  
Chris's eyes suddenly became dish plates, she ran across the room to a doorway
  in the back and quickly knelt by it, but not before she shook her head at Johnny,
  begging him silently not to tell whoever was coming of the transgression.  
Johnny pointed to the floor next to his leg, and Tammi knelt, spreading her
  knees wide, and blushing furiously as she felt the cold draft on her hot sex.  
Johnny smiled quietly at her, and waited patiently.  
A few seconds went by and Tammi could just barely make out a pair of boots
  coming up the stairs from beyond the doorway. It was a large man, wearing black
  motorcycle boots, and stained jeans.  
He looked down at chris and snapped his fingers at her; she immediately fell
  in behind him, crawling on her knees, as her hands, bound as they were, were
  completely useless.  
"Johnny," he had a gruff voice, but when he reached out to shake Johnny's
  hand, he took it and clapped him on the back roughly.  
"Long time, how you been? And my goodness no wonder, you've been busy," He
  laughed looking down at Tammi.  
"You remember me telling you about my wife," Johnny said and curled his finger
  upward motioning Tammi to stand.  
Tammi rose from her knees a little awkwardly, which chris apparently found
  comical as she giggled, Tammi blushed furiously and fixed the bound girl with
  a wicked stare.  
"Well it appears these two will get along," the other man said looking down
  at Chris.  
"Chris, Tammi, Tammi, Chris," Johnny said quickly, "Tammi this is an old
  friend of mine, Darren."  
"Nice to finally meet you Tammi," He said looking her up and down, this made
  Tammi more than a little uncomfortable, like he was undressing her with his
  eyes.  
"Likewise, Sir," she replied, she shifted her eyes slightly to Johnny to
  make sure she was being proper, and Johnny barely nodded back.  
"Still training?" Darren asked Johnny.  
Johnny pointed downwards again and Tammi took a step backwards and knelt
  at his feet, grateful to be close to him again, this place was strange.  
Thoughts ran through her mind while the men talked, how long had he been
  coming here? What for? Why hadn't he brought her? Was he embarrassed by her?
  What was this? Her mind was reeling and she was confused, and on the brink
  of tears when she heard Johnny speak quietly to Darren.  
"You may want to have someone watching Christina more closely, the girl apparently
  has complaints," Johnny chuckled softly at this, but Darren found it no laughing
  matter.  
Chris's eyes got huge, as Darren turned and fixed her with an icy stare, "No,
  Master, no complaints." She responded quickly.  
"So you're saying that Johnny is a liar?" He thundered.  
"NO!" she screamed, and then realized her mistake, "Forgive me, Sir," she
  said looking at Johnny and then turned her attention to Darren, she crawled
  on her knees over to him and leaned her head on his legs, "My hands were starting
  to get sore, and my knees as well, and I rolled my eyes when I mentioned the
  uselessness of my hands when responding to a question from Johnny. Please,
  forgive me Master."  
Tammi could see she was almost crying and felt horrible for her, surely she
  would be forgiven, it was small, but Tammi was about to learn the difference
  between Masters, and what punishments were like for a fully trained slave who
  willfully talked down in regards to her owner.  
Darren turned to Johnny, "Would you and your slave care to participate in
  this round?" Darren smiled down at Christina who apparently had a good idea
  of what was to come.  
Johnny glanced down at Tammi and thought a moment, "it would probably be
  good for her, let me explain some things first and we'll join you downstairs
  in a minute."  
Darren smiled, "Wonderful, we'll see you both in a minute." Then turning
  to Chris he snapped his fingers again, and when she started to crawl behind
  him, he grabbed a fistful of hair and half dragged her with him.  
"Tammi," Johnny said, snapping her attention back to him, "Darren and chris
  have been together for quite awhile. When I met Darren five years ago, they
  were together then, and chris had already been out of training for awhile.
  Now, I'm not sure how hard he'll be on her, but keep in mind she is his, you
  will not speak out of turn, and you will be respectful. Also, chris can endure
  a lot more, because she's not as new to the scene as you are, Darren would
  never seriously hurt her, and she has consented to this, regardless of how
  it looks. Understand?"  
Tammi, took all this in, and looked at Johnny, "Yes, Master," she said, confident
  she could keep herself in check.  
"Downstairs is a play room, or a dungeon, depending on what you call it.
  Darren's rules are simple, when there you're done as you're told, you speak
  only when spoken to, stay on your knees at all times, and any and all Dom/mes
  that enter are spoken to with respect, either Sir or Ma'am. There's no one
  else here today, so you will address Darren as Sir, and myself as Master, do
  not address chris, if she speaks to you hold your tongue."  
Tammi nodded.  
Johnny pointed to the floor once again and Tammi sank to her knees, Johnny
  grabbed a handful of her hair and tilted her face up to his, bending down to
  kiss her, he whispered in her ear, "Make me proud."  
Johnny walked to the doorway, and Tammi crawled behind, but when she got
  to the stairs, she looked at Johnny, he whispered low to her ear, "Go down
  backwards," and smiled at her.  
Tammi smiled back, and turned around crawling down the stairs backwards counting
  them in her head; it was something she did whenever she took stairs.  
Johnny smiled at her again when she reached the bottom and she looked around.  
There were all sorts of things down here, most of the furniture was homemade,
  and there was a rack on the wall, similar to the one at home in their closet
  with toys all over it. Tammi was still glancing around the room, when she caught
  site of chris.  
She was over on the left side of the room, her legs were still hobbled but
  her hands had been placed in what looked like a huge sleeve that laced all
  the way up to her elbows. Tammi gasped a tiny bit and caught Johnny looking
  at her sternly. She lowered her head a bit, but kept her eyes on chris.  
Darren was talking and Tammi listened intently.  
"So now, you're telling people that having your hands bound is a chore, is
  it?" Darren asked sternly.  
"Master, please that's not what I meant."  
"Silence, slut!" Darren roared at her, " Your  hands,
  hmmm. And I suppose now that your  body is tired from
  all the kneeling and crawling, do your  knees hurt?" He
  was emphasizing every your, and Tammi looked questioningly at Johnny.  
Johnny looked down and shook his head at her, now was not the time for questions.  
Chris looked absolutely miserable in her bondage, and yet, Tammi could see
  the juices dripping down her thighs. Tammi smiled slightly, knowingly.  
Darren had walked over to the wall and picked up a flogger, Tammi winced
  at this remembering what those felt like.  
He slowly and methodically began whipping chris, her inner thighs, her upper
  arms that weren't protected by the sleeve, her back, stomach and breasts. But
  it was her arms that took the worst of the punishment, all the while telling
  her of her infractions.  
Chris was crying silently, and when he put a well placed swat on her exposed
  pussy she howled and begged him to stop.  
"Chris if it's that difficult for you to bring me pleasure then maybe you're
  not who I thought you were," he said sadly, and Tammi thought she heard misery
  in his voice.  
"No Master, please, that's not what I meant."  
Tammi knew exactly what chris was feeling, she wanted to kneel at Darren's
  feet, hug him, have him hold her, to let her know that everything was okay.  
"You've been acting out more and more lately, chris, you've forgotten."  
Johnny apparently knew where this was going; he was shifting on his feet
  uncomfortably.  
"Maybe it's been too long since your training, or maybe this isn't the life
  you wanted," Darren said looking at chris.  
Chris began to sob helplessly, she looked at Tammi with daggers, she hated
  her for some reason and Tammi was taken aback.  
"This has nothing to do with her, you brought it on yourself," Darren told
  her, turning her face to his. "I think we need to have a talk." He dropped
  the flogger to the floor and undid the bonds that held her, leaving her arms
  and legs completely free, she sank to her knees in front of him.  
Darren walked over to Johnny, "I had an idea this was coming." He told Johnny,
  and Tammi thought he was going to cry.  
"I'll give you a call later, I'm sure you'll figure it out." Johnny said
  clapping him on the back.  
"You came here looking to buy something, let me get it all together for you."  
"I'll get it we discussed this," Johnny pulled his wallet from his back pocket
  and gave Darren some bills. Tammi looked at the ground as soon as she saw the
  wallet.  
Darren smiled at this, and looked at Tammi. He reached down and tilted her
  face to his, "You'll make a wonderful slave girl, just don't ever forget this
  time you two have together, it's important." He smiled gently and let go of
  her chin.  
Tammi smiled back, but sadly, she felt bad for him.  
"Later," Darren said stuffing the money into his jeans and clapping Johnny
  roughly on the back.  
Johnny and Tammi went upstairs and Johnny grabbed a few things, one was a
  collar from behind the counter, and Tammi saw how beautiful it was. It was
  simple, yet Tammi thought about how it would feel around her neck and her knees
  got weak, she was thankful that she was already kneeling.  
There were a few other items that Tammi didn't see, but she knew they were
  only for her benefit, so she didn't try to hunt through the bag. They walked
  out to the car, and Johnny flipped the open sign to closed as they left.  
There was a somber attitude between them on the way home. Tammi didn't want
  to say anything to Johnny just then, although she hadn't understood much of
  what happened she did get the feeling that it was bad. She would ask him about
  it later.  
"What do you say we hit a drive thru on the way home?" Johnny asked, suddenly.  
Tammi nodded and smiled, but said nothing. It had been a confusing trip  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  c69jay


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





