BDSM Library - A Dark Night




A Dark Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mother and daughter break down on a lonely road during a rainstorm.  They go to a nearby house for help and are then used by a group of men.
A DARK NIGHT

A STORY OF WANTON DESPARATION

BY DARK RIDER ANGMAR
  

THE DRIVE

   My name is Claire.  Today was just one of those days!  My daughter, Stacy,
and I went on a day trip to my mothers in the country.  It is a two hour drive
from our house and my husband said it was ok by him for us to go and visit my
mother who likes company.  Today some cousins were also to come to her house so
it would be a reunion of sorts for me since I had not seen some of them for
years and it would be good to catch up on the latest family gossip. 

   The first thing to go wrong was that once we were on the road and the sun
finally arose we were 30 minutes from leaving our house and Stacy had worn a
sweater when we first got in the car.  She was now starting to take it off as
the chillness of the night was dissipating.  Underneath she had on the short
jeans skirt, which I did not like, but she also had on a red tank top and I
could see some cleavage showing as she is 17 and quite endowed.  When I looked
more closely as we drove along I noticed that she had a light blue bra on
underneath and I did not think she had one until I remembered when she was a
size smaller she wore this bra.   It made her young breasts swell upwards and
you could see the bra being pushed along all of its seams, however it also gave
her more cleavage.  I just could not believe she would dress in such a way like
almost saying I am a tart!  We had a lively discussion about the clothes the
rest of the way to my mothers and that just started the day.

   At my mothers everyone was nice and it was great to meet old acquaintances
but I could see every male under the age of 50 staring and leering at Stacy!  
Here I was wearing a nice pair of almost form fitting jeans as I still have a
very nice figure, complimented with open toed red sandals having an inch and a
half heel.  I am five foot five and slightly overweight but my shape is still
very sexy.  I have 38D breasts with large nipples and today I was wearing a
white cotton blouse and a white lacey demi bra with white bikini panties, a set
I bought to surprise my husband tonight for being so supportive.  My hair is
auburn and medium length with brown eyes and very sensuous lips.  I was not
getting one stare and neither was any other female here other than my daughter
and she seemed to know it also.  I cornered her in my mother's house and laid
down the law about doing this again and embarrassing both of us.  She seemed to
understand and tried for the rest of visit to look becoming but alas too little
avail.

   We finally left my mothers and I could tell she was in a foul mood now.  I
had spoiled her fun!  She began pleading that I was too harsh with her and we
went back and forth as I was driving along.  I was taking one of the back roads
to the interstate that I had traveled many times but only during the day.  The
sky grew darker and then it started to rain which made it harder to see the
signs on the road.  I had thought I made the correct turn a few miles back but
in jousting with Stacy I might have made an error.  As I was thinking I should
maybe consider turning around I hear a loud pop and then the car started to
swerve to the right.  I realized right away that I had a blowout and so eased it
over to the side of the road and put on the emergency blinkers as it was raining
steadily now and you couldn't see more that a few feet in front of you without
the headlights on.  Stacy finally realized what had happened and I told her to
sit still while I called her father.  I got my cell phone and dialed for home
but kept getting static and was not getting a good consistent connection at all. 
I did not realize until too late that I had not recharged the phone in the last
couple of days and I left the recharging cord in my commuter car and here I had
taken my husbands sedan.  My cell phone was now beeping for very low power was
left in the battery.  I looked inside the car for his recharging cord but when I
found it I saw that it fit a different manufacturer's phone and not mine.  I
asked Stacy if she had her cell phone as we gave her one to use in emergencies
but she had left it home knowing I would bring mine.  Realizing I had no
alternative I tried to call again and then the phone lost all power and went
dark.




THE WALK

   It was now pouring outside the car but I needed to check if I could put on
the spare tire.   I found a small umbrella and I opened the car door into the
rain and stepped out and quickly and opened the umbrella and then went to the
trunk.  I activated the remote and the hood popped up.  I was now really get wet
on the side of my body as the rain was blowing almost sideways now and I could
start to feel the blouse and jeans now beginning to stick to me.  The umbrella
was going to be next to useless in this weather I thought to myself.  I found
the spare and saw that it was inflated and beside it were the parts for the
jack.  I took the jack parts and put it together after some false starts.  Once
together I went around to the flat tire and got down and put the jack in place
under the frame and started to open it with the lug nut bar.  Trying to hold the
umbrella and turn this was not working at all as I was now getting pretty wet
and could feel cool wetness on my upper breasts that were not covered by the
bra.  I got up and went to the passenger window and tapped on it to get Stacy's
attention.  She slowly opened the window and said "What's up Mom?" and this just
infuriated me and I snapped "Get your little tart ass out her Stacy right this
instant!"  Well the look she gave me would normally had me looking to make
amends for losing my cool but I just gave her a hard stare until she opened the
car door and came out.  I held the umbrella so she would not get too wet and
told her to put on the sweater from this morning.  She reached in the car and
put it on but left it wide open in the front as a kind of rebellion.  Her upper
chest was now getting wet some and the reflected light from the car showed the
tank top had gone down some and so her young cleavage showed.  I gave her the
umbrella and told her to hold it while I jacked the car up.  I then went back to
the jack and she followed slowly behind so I was getting wet than I should.   I
then got down to jack the car up and told Stacy to stand next to me so I did not
get all wet.  She stood closer to me and I saw the front of her tank top was not
wet and thus hung even lower so you could now see the top of the blue bra.  I
was going to have a little talk with her tomorrow I thought to myself and was
glad we did not have to see anyone tonight.  I got the car jacked up finally so
the weight was mostly off the flat and then put the lug nut wrench on one of the
lug nuts.  I tried to remove the nut but it would not budge.  I then moved to
another and obtained the same result.  After trying all of them I was now
worried that I might not be able to take the flat off.  I then tried again and
stood on the bar but still it did not move.  I asked Stacy to help but both of
us could not do it and the only result was both of us got even further wet.  I
then told Stacy to get back in the car and I did also. 

   Once back in the car I realized how wet I was.  My hair was hanging down and
my blouse was soaked through on one side and along the top, the latter thanks to
Stacy!  The instrument lights and reflection of the yellow flashers gave enough
light for me to see that my sexy bra was now slightly visible through the blouse
and my jeans were wet down the left leg so they stuck to me.  I looked over at
Stacy who still had the sweater on but opened in the front.  Her tank top was
soaked through the front and so I could now see the bra showing.  Her upper
chest was wet and I could see drops sliding down due to her cleavage being
enhanced by the smaller bra.  With her hair slightly wet and the makeup she wore
today she made a good image of a young whore and I made a good mental note to
nip this in the bud tomorrow.

   I picked up my phone but when I powered it up it only lasted through the
initialization sequence and then went dead again.  No luck at all.  I started to
think and then Stacy said that she saw a house on the right with lights on and
cars parked out front just a short distance back just before we got the flat. 
"They might have a phone Mom" she said.  I thought about it for a moment and
decided the best course was walk to that house and use their phone to call my
husband.  The rain had slowed slightly and so now would probably be the best
time as any and told Stacy to pull up her tank top and bring the umbrella and we
would walk to the house.  We both got out of the car after I waited for her to
straighten her clothes and then met around the back and started to walk to the
house huddled together under the umbrella.  We then began walking to the house
and the umbrella only slightly helped.  We finally got to the driveway and I saw
two cars and a pickup parked out front and a brick walkway leading to the front
porch however the walkway looked to be in a state of disrepair.  Just as I going
to say to Stacy to be careful she tripped over a loose brick and fell sideways
on the driveway into a small puddle around her midsection.  I reached over and
helped her up and noticed the sweater, tank top and jeans skirt were now soaked
on one side.  I made sure she was alright and then we walked to the front porch
carefully.  Once there I hoped we would be home safe and sound soon because I
needed some sleep now and with that I rang the doorbell as I heard voices
talking inside.




THE PORCH

   We were at least now out of the rain.  I rang the bell again after a bit and
the overhead light went on and the door opened.  Standing there was a thirty
something man who was clean shaven and looked attractive in a rough kind of way. 
I could see his eyes quickly scan both of us and then center for a moment on
Stacy's breasts.  He snapped out of it quickly though when he caught me staring
at him and then I said "So sorry to disturb you but we have a flat and would
like to use your phone to call my husband if we may Sir".  He turned and looked
at me a moment and his eyes wandered down to my breasts and I know my bra was
now clearly visible to him.  He looked up again and held out his hand and said
"Sorry to hear that Ma'am my name is Jim and yes you can use the phone" and he
continued holding out his hand waiting for me to shake it.  I realized what he
was doing and quickly brought my hand up to meet his and felt a wave of relief
flood over me as here was a respectable person.  I grasped his hand and shook it
saying "Thank you Jim, I am Claire and this is my daughter Stacy".  With
mentioning her name I turned to look at her and saw that the tank top was
hanging too low again and caught her eye and motioned for her to fix it while
turning back to look at Jim.  I saw that he stared at her as she fixed the top
quickly and it seemed a slight smile crossed his lips but it was hard to tell
with the lighting conditions.  He then let go of my hand and stood back while
holding the door open and beckoned us inside while saying out loud "get yourself
decent boys and watch your language we have some damsels in distress!"  After a
slight pause he then added "Hey Jesse they need to use the phone so tell your
lady friend you will call her back."  He then chuckled and turned and smiled at
me as I walked past him saying "No fear Ma'am they are all good guys."  Stacy
and I entered the house.

   He stood back against the door but just barely left a space for Stacy and I
to walk past.  I really needed to use the phone so decided to press on now that
we had gotten this far.  As I squeezed past him he just looked at my wet blouse
and thus my breasts.  I thought to myself my makeup must also have run some and
so I must have looked quite the sight to him.  I then had a terrifying thought
about how Stacy was dressed and stopped paying attention to Jim and turned and
looked back at Stacy.  She could see the way Jim was leering at her mother and
her hands instinctively pulled the sweater up on her shoulders and wrapped it
tightly about her.  Once one hand was able to hold the sweater together her
other hand reached down and pulled the skirt down some.  She then looked up at
me and I smiled weakly and she reciprocated.  Stacy then squeezed by Jim also
but he did not get a free peek!  I was so proud of her!  He then closed the door
and turned to us and said "Step into the Play Room Ladies they won't bite!" 
With that I tentatively walked around the short hallway and into what Jim called
the 'Play Room'.




THE PHONE

   As I was walking down the short hallway I remember hearing someone get up and
walk away when Jim yelled out to his buddies.  The thought passed by as I
stepped into the light of the Play Room.  There were three guys, all around 30
or so, spread out over the furniture.  To my right was a sofa with two guys on
it.  There was a corner table to their left with a light on it which gave the
only light to the room.  To the left of the table was one of those big stuffed
oversized chairs with a really large guy with a black unruly beard on it and to
the left of him was an open doorway further into the house and there was a light
in the distance.  To the left of the doorway was a TV in a corner which was off
and to the TV's left, going down the wall, was a stuffed armchair that was
empty.  There were steps behind the armchair going up to the second floor. 
Stacy and I stepped into the room and I stop mostly in front of her as Jim then
stepped in. 

   Jim looks at his buddies and says "boys meet mommy Claire and her baby girl
Stacy" and then gives a big leering smile.  He continues with "and Ladies meet
Bear who is now out of hibernation", and they all chuckled, "Jake with the blond
hair and Casanova".  The men all look at us, and mostly me, and smile wolfishly
like they have all undressed me with their eyes!  I was furious and then looked
down at myself and saw the blouse was now soaked and stuck to me all over as the
water had spread.  My bra was visible underneath and because the blouse clung to
me my 38D breasts were fully outlined in detail.  The jeans were now dark from
the water and were now clinging to my shape and showing my feminine form
particularly my pelvis area and thighs.  The heeled sandals and runny but sexy
makeup job I had done for when I got home to my husband just added to an image
of "Fuck Me" and I was now beginning to worry. 

   To break the silence and change their focus I turn to Jim and say in a
slightly shaky voice "Jim the phone please as we would like to get home" and he
replies "oh yes Ma'am forgot all about it for a moment" and then chuckles and
the others follow suite.  Jim then turns to the guys and says "Now what did you
boys do with the phone?" at which they all begin to mockingly look around.  They
all begin to laugh again and I am starting to get furious with their horsing
around when Jim says "Now come on boys, find the phone for the lady."  In front
of the sofa sitting Jake and Casanova is a long coffee table made of oak and
solidly built on which are cans of beer and ashtrays filled with cigarettes
which I begin to examine as he is speaking.  Just as he finishes speaking I hear
footsteps approaching the room and I look through the doorway deeper into the
house and see a mans shape approaching.  Jim looks over to the doorway and says
"Howdy Jesse come on in and meet Claire and her baby Stacy" and with that
introduction Jesse steps into the room.  Jesse looks at Jim with a smile and
nods and then looks back at Stacy and I huddled together in the center of the
room.  I see he has tattoos up and down his arms as he is just wearing a tight t
shirt which shows his powerful physique.  He has long dark hair and a goatee and
has a menacing look. 

   I turn away from his stare to look back at Jim who then says "Bear I know you
had the phone where is it?"  Bear then replies "ah sorry Jim here it is" and
reaches behind him and takes the phone from the floor.  It is a table slim line
model.  Bear holds it out to me and I walk over to get it with Stacy right
behind me.  I take the phone from him and say "Thank You" and proceed to lift
the receiver and dial my home number.  However when I put the receiver to my
ear, I do not hear any sounds emanating from the phone.  I push down on the hang
up button and listen again but no dial tone.  I turn to Jim and say "I think
your phone is not working."  Jim looks at me unbelievingly and says "are you
sure Claire?"  At the same time Jesse has a much better view now of Stacy and
says to her "Hey little lady why don't you sit down over there we don't bite"
and he points to the empty chair by the TV and Steps.  I try the phone again but
to no avail and hold it out for Jim to try.  Stacy pulls closer to me from
behind.  Jesse says "Why the little lady is afraid of me I think and all I asked
her is if she wants to sit down while her Mom calls for help."  I glance over at
him and see he has a sort of scowl on his face and decide I do not want to have
these guys intimidate us and so I turn slightly to face Stacy and say softly
"Its ok Stacy I am right here and nothing will happen."  With that she slowly
steps away from me and proceeds to sit down.  I turn back to Jim still holding
the phone out. 

   Jesse then says "Thank you little lady" while staring at her every motion to
sit down and she realizes this and holds the sweater tightly around her and
holds her skirt down like a proper young lady.  Jim looks at the phone for a
moment and takes it from me and tries himself and then exclaims "My, my, the
lady is right and the phone isn't working could be the storm."  I then ask
"Don't you have a cell phone or another phone because maybe this phone is
broken?"  Bear looks at me darkly and says "Is the Lady saying I broke the
phone?"  I am taken aback slightly but believe I recovered nicely by saying "No
it just could have been damaged by lightning hitting the lines."  With that
confrontation avoided Jim hands the phone to finally answers me with "No Claire
we don't have any cell phones but there is another phone in the kitchen in the
back and he proceeds to walk towards the doorway.  Jesse steps out of the way to
in front of the TV beside Stacy.   As Jim walks by Jesse he says something to
him quickly which I can't hear as I have not started moving forward.  Jesse nods
and then Jim turns back to see if I am following and then I move towards him to
follow.  As I walk towards the doorway I turn towards Stacy and smile assuringly
and then proceed through the doorway.  I follow Jim through an unlit room which
looks like it would be a dining room and then at end of this room to the left is
another doorway with light emanating from within. 

   Jim walks into this lighted room and I follow him looking back the way I came
to see if there were any signs of trouble and there was not.  I just wanted to
use the phone and get out of here!  I stepped into a very messy kitchen with one
overhead low wattage bulb so it was dim.  Jim stepped near the sink and said
"Let me try this phone Claire" and he picked a receiver off the wall.  He
listened for a moment and said "Doesn't work must be the storm" and held it out
for me to try.  I take it from him and step closer so I can push the hang up
button.  He does not move so I have to stand very close to him.  I press the
button and can sense him smelling me like a piece of meat.  I then realize there
is no dial tone.  As this fact begins to sink in Jim says "Maybe we can help you
out Claire and get you on your way but first I want a taste of a fine woman like
you" and with that his hands moved and rested on my hips.  I was now deeply
worried!




LIVING ROOM

   Quietly it dawns on me what Jim has in mind    I am overcome with fear and am
frozen still.  His hands rest on the top of my hips and start to pull my pelvis
towards his.  I whimper weakly   "no, no please".    My eyes try to avert his
face as my face comes closer but I see that lurid smile ready to devour me.  All
of a sudden I think "Oh No STACY!"   I try to bring my hands up but he is too
quick for me and Jim grabs my wrists and spins me around so he can hold my arms
behind my back tightly so I feel a sudden stab of pain in my shoulders.   I hear
him laugh softly as he begins to push me back into the Living Room while holding
my arms tightly together.  I am still in shock and stumble into the room as he
is pushing too quickly and I see Stacy look at me in disbelief.  Jesse
immediately takes out a knife and holds it up to her throat and Jim then says
"Keep quiet Ladies and no one gets hurt." 

   Jim then tosses me to Bear who is sitting to my left while saying "Bear hold
the bitch."  My arms come free just for a moment and then they are pulled
tightly together again as I land in Bear's lap.  I quickly glance over and see
Stacy is clutching the sweater tightly about her and her head is head high to
avoid hitting the knife near her neck.  Jesse is watching her as he holds the
knife but I see one hand fall down to his crotch and he seems to involuntarily
stroke himself.  I scan around the room looking for some form of help and see
Casanova is no longer here and Jake is now getting up from the sofa and coming
towards me with outstretched hands and a leering open mouthed smile showing his
tongue darting around in his mouth saying "Lets see what the old bitch has to
offer." 

   Jim immediately turns toward Jake and barks "Don't harm the cunt yet Jake,
not until Casanova returns."  Jake then looks over at Jim and they make eye
contact for a second followed by Jake turning back towards me.  His smile gets
broader and more lusting and then he says "We'll just see if there soft enough." 
With that both of his hands come to rest on my breasts.  I can feel the wetness
of my blouse and bra clings to my skin.  The pressure of his hands now gripping
my breasts like melons is now paining me.  Underneath my bottom I begin to feel
something hard press against me.  I try to pull away from Jake and the pain in
my breasts but all I do is fall back into Bear.  He just keeps sniffing me but
is holding my arms so tight behind my back that my breasts stick out further to
meet Jake's pawing.  Jake is now kneading my breasts but with such force that
the pain just shoots through me when he squeezes followed by relief when he lets
go for a moment.  Jim is watching and laughing while Jesse leers at Stacy and
continues to stroke his pants. 

   Beneath me in my crotch area and between my butt cheeks I feel Bear's
hardness grow and I my fear grows as I realize he is going to be huge and he
intends to rape me.  I try to get away but he pulls me closer and begins to rut
against my crotch and his knees push up to spread my legs apart.  Jake continues
to squeeze my breasts and I can see Stacy is about to cry.

   Right at that moment I hear a car drive up and lights hit the front of the
house.  Bear and Jake continue to have their way with me and I am hoping that
help has arrived.  After a few moments the door to the house opens and slightly
thereafter Casanova appears from the hallway all wet.  He turns to Jim and says
"Fixed the flat and its out front."   Jim replies "Good" and turns toward me and
smiles saying "Looks like we got pussy tonight."  I now realize that Casanova
must have gotten orders from Jesse after Jim whispered to him and he had gone
and fixed the flat and drove my husband's car back here after he found a way to
jump start it.  No one would know where we are now!




PLAYTIME

   I struggle against Bear's iron grip.  Just then intense pain shoots though my
nipples as I realize Jake's hands had let go of my breasts and now were holding
and violently twisting my nipples through the blouse.  I scream out "No!"  Jake
just begins laughing and twists again while Bear pulls my arms to have my butt
rest on his enormously hard manhood inside his pants.  He begin rutting against
my ass while Jake pulls at my nipples and I start crying and saying "no" over
and over again trailing into a whimper. 

   I happen to look over at Stacy just as Jesse reaches out with his hand that
he used for stroking himself and grabs Stacy's hair and hauls her out of the
chair while saying "Up bitch!"  As her hair is forcibly pulled her hands reach
up to grab his hand but he is moving far too fast and she rises to avoid the
intense pain.  As she does so her sweater falls open and I see the red tank top
all askew from her frame so that the undersized blue bra is clearly visible in
places and what is worse her cleavage is really showing.   Jesse swings in
behind Stacy and puts his forearm around her neck and then sits down and pulls
her down on top of him.  He then exclaims "Now I can view in style" and with
that he folds the knife and puts it on top of the TV and his hand moves to the
hem of her skirts and he starts to lift it up.  Her hands come down quickly to
stop him but he keeps moving her skirt higher. 

   Jake lets go of my nipples and I feel like passing out with the relief but it
is short-lived.  He then reaches for my wet blouse and begins to rip it open. 
Bear holds me tightly and keeps pushing himself against the crotch in my jeans. 
He has leaned forward and is trying to tongue my ear.  I see Jim and Casanova
standing in the room laughing and pointing at me and Stacy.   The buttons from
my blouse go flying in different directions as Jake succeeds in pulling the
blouse open.  My breasts are pushing over the lace half cup bra.  Jake licks his
lips in front of me.  He then grabs the front of the bra and takes out a knife
and holds it before me.  I almost feint with fear.  Stacy screams out and I hear
Jesse say "Scream again Bitch and I'll cut your tongue out."  The knife moves
under my bra and he pulls it and it comes apart.  My breasts come out and just
sway there in front of me.  I look down and can't believe what I see.  My
nipples are rock hard and sticking out.  I am so mortified and I feel my face
turn red with the flowing hot blood.  I look up and see Jake leering at me.  He
says "She is definitely fuck material lets do her" and I scream "NO!"

   Jake stands back and Jim yells over "Stand her up Bear."  I feel myself being
pulled to my feet but I am hanging limply from where Bear holds my arms. 
Casanova says something to Jim and then Jim says to everyone "Casanova went and
got the car so he can have the old bitch first" and then added "Bear lay the
cunt on the  table."  Bear then grabs me and pulls me down backward on the
coffee table as Jake knocks everything on it to the floor.  Bear hooks my arms
down the far side of the table and Jake and Jim come over to each side of me and
reach down to my jeans.  Casanova starts to open his pants.  Jake undoes the
button and zipper to the jeans and then he and Jim begin to pull them off of me. 
I try to struggle but there are too many of them.  Casanova reaches in his pants
and pulls out his cock.  It is already hard and quite big.  Jim and Jake finally
get my jeans off and then Jake reaches over and grabs my white bikini panties.  
He says "Look Casanova this bitch wants to be fucked by the way she is dressed." 
Jim then adds "Look at those nipples they are already hard I bet she is wet too"
and they all laughed.   Jake then rips off the panties and Jim and Jake begin to
pull my legs apart.  My crotch is now fully exposed and dampness glistens on the
hairs near the slit.  I know now I will never escape from this.

   Just then Jesse says "Like Mother like daughter they say so I am going to
have a good time with this young cunt" and his hand I see is now over top of her
panty covered crotch squeezing her and she is struggling to get away.   I look
at Stacy and catch her glance for a moment and while crying move my mouth to
silently say "I am sorry Stacy."




TABLE

   Casanova strokes his hardened cock above me.  Jake and Jim have my pelvis on
one edge of the table and Bear is holding my wrists behind the other end.  My
blouse and bra are hanging loosely open and my breasts are fully visible and
still toned although a bit larger than a few years back.  I believed that by
adding a bit more weight to my 5' 5" frame I had become more alluring and sexy
as my hips had widened as has my rear and my breasts had become fuller but my
waist did not grow as much.  This gave me a look of built for action but I had
only flirted with other men mainly to get my husband extremely horny so he would
take me hard.  Casanova gets down on his knees between my legs and smiling says
"Don't think I will need any lubrication with this old horny bitch."  Holding
his cock he tries to place it at the center of my slit but I pull my upper
thighs together to block him.  Here I am spread-eagled on a coffee table and my
hardened nipples are standing straight up giving away any illusion that my body
wanted to fend him off.  Casanova smirks at me and licks his lips saying "This
will be good taking this slut hard."  I am now really fearful and trying to
break free from their grip but cannot.  I hold my thighs together and Casanova
tries to separate them and while he does so I notice his cock seems to be
getting larger and redder giving it a fearsome visage.  I look over at Stacy
pleading for help that cannot come. 

   I look over at Stacy and see Jesse tightening his grip around Stacy's neck
and by doing so lifting her backwards.  Her hands quickly move up to his forearm
trying to relieve the intense pressure on her throat.  As she moves her hands
away from her pelvis his other hand pulls the panties aside from her crotch and
pushes a finger inside her young pussy.  I start to cry and whimper "no, no" and
then Jesse relaxes some and Stacy's hands start to move to her crotch again but
Jesse tightens the throat grip slightly and releases to warn Stacy.  Stacy looks
at me and starts crying and her hands now rest on his forearm and she is no
longer fighting Jesse's exploration into her womanhood.

   Casanova continues to try and separate my thighs but I hold him off.  Jesse
then looks at me and says "Spread your cunt Momma bitch or I will rip this
babysluts pussy in half" and I see his finger begin to pull Stacy's lips apart
and she starts to scream.  I know now I am beaten and so relax my thighs and
spread them further apart and Casanova looks down smirking at me and begins to
push it in.  My head goes from side to side while I whimper "no please no."  I
see Jesse pushing his finger in and out of Stacy's pussy and her hips are
meeting his thrusts as her body betrays her for she is crying uncontrollably
now.  I can feel his cock pull at my lips as I am not lubricated enough and a
wave of pain shoots through me as he pushes quickly past them.  I groan as he
gets all the way inside and then scream "NO!" as he pushes completely in burying
his cock in my cunt.  However my clit is now warming to the intrusion and I feel
myself getting very wet as I see my daughter Stacy being pawed by Jesse.  Her
young womanhood covered by only a small amount of dark hair is pushed aside
showing her young pinkness.  It seems her pussy is trying to suck his finger
inside with each push forward.

   Casanova is now fucking me with long strokes and putting an extra push as he
buries his cock in me.  I gasp each time he pushes up against my insides and as
I do my body is seeking attention by squeezing his cock involuntarily.  I was so
horny to be with my husband tonight, as we had not had sex in over a week, being
my hottest time of the month thus why I was wearing the sexy outfit.    However
here I am being willingly raped by this stud while my daughter is pawed by
another one.  I feel Jim let go of one of my legs but it does not try to force
Casanova away.  Rather my legs spread further trying to pull him completely in
me yet I am whimpering for him to stop.  My pussy is now just soaking with
juices as the sight of Jesse's finger burying itself in Stacy is making my body
want Casanova's cock.  It dawns on Casanova that I am no longer fighting him and
he sees me staring at Stacy and exclaims "Hey boys this bitch is hot and seeing
her daughter with Jesse is getting her hotter."   His words find a way through
the feelings of desire that are threatening to overwhelm me.  I turn very red on
my face and my upper breasts showing my humiliation and embarrassment.  I try to
close my legs to push Casanova away but they rebel and try to move to lock
around his waist.  I realize I no longer can control my body and it is now one
of a slut. 

   Jim has stood up after releasing my leg and has been listening to Casanova
and watching me.  He then goes over to Stacy and strokes her auburn hair off of
her face and looks at me and says "Maybe this young slut can suck me off while
Mommy watches."  He runs one hand under her tank top and grasps her young breast
through the bra.  She sucks in her breath as he squeezes it hard.  With his
other hand he takes out his semi-hard cock and holds it beside Stacy's head.  He
places that hand on her head and turns her mouth towards his cock.  She tries to
push away but he then squeezes her breast extremely hard so she cries out in
pain.   He looks down at her and her tear-filled eyes look up at his.  He says
"Suck it slut or I'll pull your tit off."  She cries more but her head moves
toward his now hardening cock as his hand pushes it from behind  I can see Jesse
watching her mouth move toward its goal.  The tip of the cock touches her lips
and I can see Jim push her head to let it in her mouth.  My right leg is now
wrapped around Casanova's waist and I am meeting his thrusts even though I am
still saying "no".  Jake is leering at me while holding my left leg high.  I can
feel my wetness running down between my legs into the crack of my ass.  My
nipples are so hard and are alive with sensation yet are hurting me at the same
time because they are so rigid reacting to my perverted desire.  I see Stacy
slowly part her lips but Jim does not wish to waste time and barks "SUCK IT
SLUT" and pushes her mouth forcefully onto his cock and she takes a bit in.  He
then pushes it further in and begins to fuck her mouth.  Right at that moment my
body sells me out as a slut by having an orgasm while I scream out "NO."

   My clit explodes in pleasure.  As it does Jake reaches out and grabs one of
my nipples and twists it hard this in turn causes me to moan in pleasure and
pushes my hips to take in Casanova deeper.  With that he shoots inside of me and
I feel its warmth and the unfolding wave of pleasure continues unabated.  As I
am lost in desire I hear Jim say to Stacy "Make it good and wet Stacy so I don't
hurt your Mother when I fuck her."  I look over and see Stacy sucking on the
head of his now enormous cock which is even thicker than Casanova's but not
quite as long.  Seeing the girth I know this will hurt but right as I think that
my clit gets rigid again wanting to more!  At the same time Stacy is sucking the
head with more force like she wants me to be fucked by this cunt-ripping cock. 




MORE THAN ONE

   Casanova has shot his load inside of me and I can feel it leaking out of my
slit.  He withdraws and as he does Jim pulls Stacy's head away from his now
thick cock and looks over at me saying "Momma's little girl did good as a
cock-sucker now lets see if Momma likes to fuck!"  He then lets go of Stacy's
breast and I see her look up at him submissively and my clit feels like it is on
fire.  I see him walk over and get between my legs and I spread them willingly
and he puts his hard cock at the entrance.  My pelvis moves down some trying to
suck it in and Jim laughs saying "Look at this slut she wants to be fucked."  He
then abruptly pushes it all the way in and I scream out loud in both pain and
pleasure as my pussy feels like it is being torn apart. 

   As Jim begins thrusting in and out of my hot and wet pussy I can see Jesse
now has more fingers in Stacy's tender cunt and his other hand has picked up his
knife again.  He takes the knife and cuts the straps of the tank top while
methodically pushing his fingers into her.  Her hands rest at her sides as she
is no longer fighting him and I can see she is still crying.  Her young body
though is yearning for his touch and so her hips are grinding into his fingers. 
This has the effect of her firm butt rubbing over his manhood still inside his
pants.  I can see him move his hips to meet her thrusts onto his fingers.  His
hand then moves to the undersized bra and he positions the knife to cut it
through the center.  I can see Stacy grind ever faster on his fingers as she
watches the knife go underneath the bra and then pull it outward until it cuts. 
Jesse then puts down the knife again and pulls the tank top down to her waist
and moves the bra aside to put his hand on one of her firm good-sized breasts. 
Her areoles are still light pink of a proportionate size but her nipples are
extra long and now are very hard.  I can see that when Jesse tweaks the nipples
with his fingers Stacy moans uncontrollably with pleasure.  Jesse notices this
too and leeringly looks at me and says "Hey Momma you never thought she would be
such a slut like you now did you?"  With that extra humiliation piled on I just
wanted to die and began sobbing while choking to myself "no, no."  Jim just kept
fucking me and my legs had spread themselves wide on the coffee table to give
him entrance.  As this latest humiliation swept through me I orgasmed and so
began crying uncontrollably with my utter shame, yet my body wanted more!

   Jim's thrusts became deeper and faster in my sinful cunt.  As Jim slammed
against me I could feel Casanova's cum and my wetness being squeezed out of my
slut hole.  The mixed liquid was running down my crack to my button.  My nicely
trimmed hair was now matted around my slit with love juices and I could not
imagine how this could get worse.  Right then Jim's hand reached to one of my
breasts and began twisting my nipple.  I cried out in pain and he said "Come on
slut, you want it, fuck me, spread'em and fuck me bitch."  I spread my legs even
further as he commanded and with that he shoot his load into me.  It must have
lasted almost a minute and the amount of cum juice was too much for my aching
but still hot pussy so it was now leaking out in gobs.  He pulled all the way
out and said "I think the old cumbag is ready Bear."

   I was now really frightened as I began to imagine terrible pain inflicted on
me by Bear.  Jim then spoke up and said "Lets have the old bag get the little
bitch wet for Jesse 'fore he damages her."  I was still thinking of Bear when I
hear them all say "Yes" and wonder what they are agreeing too.  I look over at
Stacy and see she has a perplexed look on her face but with a tinge of utter
fear attached to it.

   Jim pulls out of me but my pussy feels like it does not want to let him go as
the muscles have contracted around his still rigid cock.  As it finally comes
out a loud popping noise can be heard and all the guys laugh and I hear one of
them say "The old cumbag didn't want to let you go Jim."  I am now so red and
ashamed that I do not notice my arms have been freed by Bear.  The next thing I
feel is my beautiful auburn hair being pulled straight up.  After some mental
confusion I realize Bear is lifting me off the stained table by my hair.  I hear
him "Up bitch!" and I stand up finally and see how tall and wide Bear really is
as he is now standing.  I notice Jesse squeezing one of Stacy's breasts and she
is crying as her hands go to her skirt.  She unbuttons it and pushes it down to
the floor and takes her feet out of it.  I see Jesse say something into Stacy's
ear and then she the tears being to fall rapidly down her face and she looks at
me pleadingly as her hands take the tank top and panties and push them both off
of her supple frame.  My sweet Stacy is now naked other than for the cut bra
hanging loosely from her shoulders.  Her breasts need no support and are
standing straight out with both nipples extremely hard.  My head hurts from Bear
still holding my hair and then I notice Jake laughing, now pushes the coffee
table over so one of the smaller ends butts up against the chair Jesse and Stacy
are in.  Stacy's legs are now spread wide apart letting the table push against
the chair.  Bear now pulls my hair and says "On your knees on the table bitch
and make the young slut ready for Jesse."  I do not know what to do but Bear
yanks my hair and turns my face towards his and then forcefully says "Suck her
cunt now bitch or I'll dry fuck her and make her bleed."  With that painful
motivation I get on the table on my knees and Bear pulls my hair to position me
over Stacy's bush.  Stacy's legs are bent at the knee and her knees are pulled
back and away so her slit is clearly visible to everyone in the room as her hair
is not thick.  Bear pulls my head towards her glistening slit and says "Now eat
your slut Mommy."  I am so absolutely ashamed as my tongue goes out from my
mouth and glides along Stacy's slit.  I feel Stacy's body react with a shiver
and I hear her softly moan.  I look up and see her looking at me and crying. 
Behind her I see Jesse laughing at the old cumbag.  I hear Bear say "Get the
slut wet bitch, fuck the slut with your tongue Mommy."  My tongue then
penetrates her slit and it begins to lick my daughter's cunt.  Even though I am
thoroughly humiliated my body seems to want more as my clit is on fire and I can
feel my hips gyrating in the open air above the table.  Jesse says something
else to Stacy and she looks at him pleadingly and softly says "please no" but
Jesse will have nothing of it and I hear him say he will use the knife on my
face and breasts if she does not comply.  She looks down broken in spirit and
says "Fuck your slut Mommy."  I cannot believe that she said that and although I
am angry they have done this to my daughter and me my body now takes even
further control and my tongue begins to stab into her clit.  Jesse keeps
whispering  to Stacy and she is now saying "Tongue fuck my cunt Mommy, harder
Mommy, tongue fuck me harder."  My tongue is now working feverishly licking and
lapping her pussy.  The juices are flowing from it and I cannot seem to get
enough.  During this time Bear has let go of my hair and has taken off his
pants.  When I turn to see him I see his cock is massive and hard.  It is as
wide as Jim's but much longer with a fearsome bulbous red head.  I stare at it
until Bear yells at me "Fuck your daughter bitch."  I immediately go back to
licking her and stabbing her with my tongue as she continues to urge me on with
Jesse's foul commands.  I do not pay attention that Bear is now behind me until
I feel his wide hands on my ample hips.  He straddles the table and commands me
to spread my legs.  I do this willingly as his fingers run over my soaking and
fouled cunt as my clit has now taken control of me.  His fingers push into my
cunt in an odd way and then pull right out and I hear him say "Thanks guys for
the lube job" and with that his hand deposits the cum from my pussy onto my
button and his fingers push the lubrication into it.  I moan loudly as my
asshole is penetrated.  My husband has taken me sometimes that way but he is no
where near the size of Bear.  I know there is no recourse but to let him fuck me
this way and I tense awaiting the pain.  He positions his monster cock on my
button and begins pushing it in my ass.  I feel my sphincter muscle allow the
large head past the entrance and then it rushes into to fill my insides.  I cry
out in pain but keep licking Stacy as she puppets Jesse's words urging me, her
mother, to suck her cunt.  I can tell though that Stacy is now getting excited
by my attention as I am by giving it to her and we are both mortified but cannot
stop. 




TO THE LOWEST DEPTHS

   I can feel Bear filling my rear with his hard cock.  The juices from my cunt
are now running down my leg while I hold Stacy's legs apart so I can tongue fuck
her.  Stacy and I have had a good relationship and I know she has had
intercourse before a few times but she has never really had an orgasm.  I feel
her hole trying to suck in my tongue as her pelvis gyrates beneath me.  Bear is
holding my hips and slamming his dick into me hard and this is making me
feverish with excitement.  All the time I am eating my daughter I am crying in
humiliation and in fear of how she may be hurt by them.  This keeps me going in
making sure she is well lubricated before Jesse fucks her.  I feel Bear pushing
his cock into me more forcefully and I know he is about to shoot into my ass. 
My clit is on fire and I can feel my body tense up prior to release.  I do not
want to cum while he fucks my ass and I am eating my daughter but it seems I
cannot help myself now.  As he shoots his hot load into my ass I cum and what
makes it worse is I moan out loud while doing so.  It is a tremendous orgasm
causing me to shake and my button to palpitate around his rigid tool.  My tongue
is riveted to Stacy's sweet pussy and her pelvis is moving faster and faster
until Stacy lets out a big sigh and I can feel her muscles try to contract
around my tongue.  I think to myself how perverted this is in that I made my own
daughter come by eating her out.  This keeps my own orgasm going and I feel like
a real street slut.  Bear continues pumping until he is empty then he pulls it
out all at once.  His juices are now leaking out of my button and also tracking
down my leg like the juices from my pussy.  All the guys are laughing now and
pointing at us calling us "Momma slut and baby slut."  Both Stacy and I are
crying.

   Bear moves away from me and as he does Jake comes into his spot and proceeds
to stick his dick into my wet and messy pussy.  He rams me hard and my tongue
continues to lap Stacy.  He keeps this up for a bit and then pulls himself out
and sticks it into my dripping ass.  I feel so mortified being gang-banged in
such a way and at the same time liking it.  Jake is quite hard now and embedded
in my rectum but then all of a sudden pulls himself out again.  He reaches out
and grabs my hair and pulls me away from Stacy to where I am right beside her
head.  He says "On your knees bitch" and I do as he says.  He then puts his
messy cock in front of my mouth and says "Lick it off."  I am now crushed.  I do
not want to do this at all as his cock is covered with their cum and my own
juices and filth.  I look up at him and he laughs and says "Lick it bitch or
baby slut will wish you had."  I now know I have no choice and so begin to
lightly lick his dirty cock but he grows impatient and just pushes it into my
mouth.  His hands rest on the side of my head and he proceeds to face fuck me
hard.  The mess is now all over the outer part of my mouth and I can feel some
of it drool down my chin.

   Stacy is watching her mother suck off Jake and is not paying attention to
Jesse.  Jesse has taken out his hardened cock which is as long as Bear but not
as wide.  He gets between Stacy's legs and grabs each ankle and lifts her pelvis
up.  She turns and realizes what is to happen but before she can he is pushing
his cock inside of her.  She lets out a scream as his cock impales her and I
begin to cry uncontrollably.  Jake's cock is getting stiffer in my mouth and I
am almost gagging from it being stuffed down my throat.  I feel him getting
ready to cum and then he does shooting his load down my throat.  I try to choke
but he holds me still not letting my mouth away until he is done and then he
lets go..  I double up on the floor choking and the cum is running out of my
mouth.  I have been totally degraded!

   While I am trying to clear my throat Jesse is banging away at Stacy.  He is
doing it very forcefully and she is moaning in pleasure which causes him to
laugh at her.  He starts saying "Come on babyslut fuck Daddy."  She reacts to
all of this by trying to take in his cock in total abandon until he shoots his
load inside of her which causes her to orgasm again.  He then lets her fall onto
the table.  I am just hoping this night will come to an end!




EPILOGUE

   They finished using Stacy and I and then proceeded to tie our hands behind
our backs but leaving us naked.   Jim and Jesse march us out to our car and they
open the trunk and put us in.  Stacy and I think they intend to kill us and our
faces show it but Jim says they are just going to drop us off so someone can
find us.  Once we are in the trunk a bit later someone gets in and begins
driving.   They drive for a while and then stop.  We hear him get out and then
walk away.  Another car pulls up and we hear a door open and close and then it
drives away.  A few hours later we hear someone outside the car and I call for
help.  Within a number of minutes the trunk is opened and we are greeted by the
police.

   The police take us to the hospital.  I give them all I remember about where
the house was and descriptions of the guys.  The do eventually find the house
but in it lives an old woman and her daughter who claim to have been home that
night.  The police search the house but turn up no clues and so have no way to
contest their story.  So today they are still at large bringing harm to others
while Stacy and I live in our shame.  What is most terrible though is that when
I think of that shameful episode I have an uncontrollable desire to play with my
holes and if I do orgasm it is always tremendous.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dark Rider Angmar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





