BDSM Library - Behind Closed Doors




Behind Closed Doors
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two friends help out the mother of an out of control teen!
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS!

By

Anne Gray

Natasha was out of control and her mother was at the end of her tether.  Even
though the girl was just eighteen she was an adult and could call her own
"shots"; Marsha had lost control, could not make her beautiful daughter listen
to the dangers she was toying with and was so worried she could not sleep.

Marsha was a single, divorced mother whose husband had run off with another
women when their daughter was twelve.  Since then the girl had gradually become
more and more defiant.  With her mother working full time to make ends meet the
girl had far too much time on her own and there seemed little Marsha could do to
stem the tide of disobedience.

Earlier this Saturday morning Natasha had again come home drunk or high on
something, swore at her worried mother and was now sleeping it off.

Marsha related her problems to two good friends when they visited from across
the street for morning coffee.   They had seen her eyes, red from crying, and
convinced her to open up.  Jane and Karen were both widows in their early
forties.  They and their husbands had been friends for years and when the two
men were involved in an accident and both drowned while out fishing two years
ago the widows had lent on each other for support.

The leaning became something more and they both soon realized that with the men
gone, they had each other.  That led to a drunken evening when latent lesbian
feelings surfaced and the two melded and became partners. They had sold one home
and moved into Karen's, across the street from Marsha.





To the world they were two widows consolidating their assets and consoling each
other.  In fact they were so well off from the insurance settlements that
neither had to work and they gave absolutely no indication of what went on
behind their closed doors.

Both were attractive having looked after themselves, one blonde, the other a
redhead.  Neither was butch and they had hiding that they were lesbians down to
a fine art.  Exploring their innermost feelings over the last couple of years
they had also found a common interest in B/D and both loved the feel of leather
and other fetish materials.

The leather presented no problems because it was fashionable and could be worn
in public practically year round without drawing undue attention.  Satisfying
their bondage and domination desires was a harder problem since, ideally, one of
them would have been a Domme and the other a sub but that was not the case. 
Both were Domme and neither was willing to change.

Back home after consoling Marsha they were having lunch when simultaneously they
both looked up and said "What if...?"  By late that afternoon their plan to help
Marsha was taking shape.  The fact that it would also solve their lack of a sub
was a bonus neither missed.

Karen's husband had been in the recording business and in the basement had built
a 20' x 15' studio.   Since his death the equipment had all been sold or given
to his colleagues but the soundproofing remained.  Over the next few weeks the
two plotters bought readily available everyday items to transform the studio
into a home for the soon to arrive new houseguest.

Jane flew to Chicago and spent a substantial amount of cash in several
"specialty" stores without even getting a raised eyebrow from the sales people
about some of her requests.  One of them however, an attractive young lady with
a name badge that just read "Kat", seemed to almost anticipate Jane's
requirements and made some very useful suggestions even offering to demonstrate
the correct use of her purchases.




During the same period Karen, using knowledge gained when she had worked in a
bank before her husband's death, opened an account in the next town and
deposited a substantial amount in an assumed name.  They used this account to go
online and pay for several harder to get exotic items and have them delivered to
a P.O. Box under the same name.

Being directly across the street from Marsha's house they set up a schedule to
watch and record Natasha's comings and goings.  At the same time they frequently
visited Marsha reinforcing their friendship and support while keeping their eyes
open.

When the girl had been out on the town she arrived home in the early hours
either dropped off by someone she had spent the evening with or by taxi.  Nine
times out of ten she was drunk or high on something.

Karen and Jane were ready and just waiting for the ideal situation to occur so
they could act.  Then it all came together at 2:30 a.m. on a Wednesday morning,
Marsha was away on a two-day conference for her work, Karen was dozing on the
couch and Jane on watch when a car pulled up outside their house and Natasha
climbed out and staggered to a street sign.  As the car sped away she leaned
over and threw up.  Jane woke Karen and two women moved very quickly until in no
time Jane was holding the sick girl's forehead with one hand and had her other
arm around Natasha's waist comforting her while at the same time leading her
towards their side door.

Not realizing what was going on Natasha allowed herself to be led through the
door and put up no resistance as Karen gently pulled her arms behind her back
and locked handcuffs on her wrists.  That seemed to wake her somewhat and she
turned to mumble something only to have a large ball gag shoved in her mouth and
strapped behind her head.







Since her stomach was now empty the two kidnappers were not worried about her
choking and they dragged her down the stairs into the basement studio, pushed
her down on a plastic covered bed and tied her ankles to the metal foot rail. 
While Karen watched to make sure the drunken girl came to no harm and went
through her pockets for her keys Jane went outside with the garden hose and
washed away the signs of her homecoming.

Making sure the girl was both secure and not going to be ill again they went
across the street, in the side door of Marsha's house and proceeded to clear out
all of Natasha's clothes and personal possessions quietly transferring them to
their basement.

They were woken up at 8 a.m. by a phone call from Marsha telling them that her
daughter was not answering the phone and had probably not come home and would
they keep an eye open for her and call Marsha if they saw her.  They were only
too pleased to assure their friend that they would help.

While Jane checked on the now sleeping captive Karen went online and used her
expertise to bounce a message from an untraceable carrier to Marsha's home
computer purporting to be from Natasha.  In it she told her Mother she was sick
of the fighting and had decided to move away for a few weeks and live with a
friend she had been seeing.  The E-mail was signed "Nati" which was Marsha's pet
name for her daughter and another means of reinforcing the fact that the message
did indeed come from her.

Karen and Jane spent the morning getting intimately acquainted with their new
guest.  They first removed the gag and fed her a couple of aspirin with a glass
of water then packed it back in her mouth before they spread-eagled the now
naked girl on the bed with very effective hospital restraints and measured every
inch of her body.

Jane was a registered nurse and put her skills to work with a full medical
examination discovering that Natasha was in basically good health but, while far
from a virgin, she was not pregnant and had not picked up any communicable
diseases from her nights out.

Jane also clipped and shaped the black bush around the girl's vagina. They
talked back and forth over the increasingly frantic struggles of their captive
making sure she heard them discussing how upset and hurt her mother was and how
Natasha had forfeited her freedom by being so unmanageable.

They were now going to take over her "management" permanently and to give her an
idea of what life with them could be like they would be back down after lunch to
give her a very uncomfortable afternoon and evening.

True to their word, and containing their enthusiasm that was finally to get an
outlet, after spending couple of hours helping each other dress they re-appeared
wearing outfits that made Natasha's eyes bulge.


(Author's note: Jane and Karen's costumes designed, with minor adjustments from
the author, by Doggers!)


As the two stood side by side in the wide doorway of the studio the plumes of
hair standing straight up from the top of their heads nearly brushed the
doorframe.  On the left Jane was vision of gleaming black leather.

Her blonde tresses were held by a 3" laced black leather sleeve that extending
upward from the leather helmet.  The helmet itself was quite stunning. It fit
like a glove having first been laced down the back and then a covered zipper
pulled down to make the join smooth and seamless.  A wide slash over the mouth
created a spooky, menacing look, but allowed her scarlet lips to show through
and her mouth enough movement for talking.   There were two gold encircled holes
under the nostrils for additional breathing.

The eyeholes were cut just large enough to show Jane's eyes, her extra long
eyelashes and the deep blue eyelid makeup accented with gold glittering
sparkles. Jane's entire head looked like it was dipped in some sort of liquid
leather because the helmet fit so perfectly.


She had on a crotchless leather cat suit and over that tightly laced leather
opera length gloves. Natasha stared wide-eyed at the long leather thigh high
boots, with 5" inch heels; they laced right up to her crotch!  There was also a
very tight leather corset with two thin straps running down each side of her
vagina and back between her legs; it held the corset hem firmly among the other
things it did for her!  The strap disappeared between her legs and came up
behind her splitting her ass cheeks then ending in a "Y" buckled tightly to the
corset above each hip.

The corset causes Jane's hips and behind to flare out in an exaggerated way and
her breasts to seem to explode over the top.  Her cat suit is laced down the
front, but a 3" opening shows the cleavage of her ample breasts. The laces cut
into the flesh, causing the soft flesh to ooze out through the tight laces in
dozens of tiny triangles.

Her neck is encased in a wide tight leather collar that covers the seam from the
helmet zipper and also the top of the laces for the cat suit.  She must first
remove the collar before anything else can be removed.

Only her deep blue eyes, her blonde hair and a peek of the compressed breasts
let Natasha know who was inside in the gleaming black leather outfit.

Next to her in the doorway stood Karen wearing an identical outfit with just one
major difference - she was head to toe in glistening white wet look patent
leather.   The lovers moved purposefully towards Natasha, their scarlet lips
smiling widely against the leather of their helmets and their hands full of
ominous looking equipment.

They wasted no time with pleasantries and in very short order the gagged girl
was hauled off the bed, easily being manhandled by the two women, over to a
waist high metal bar.   A plastic tie locked her wrists behind her back and
Karen used two more ties to attach her ankles to the uprights holding the bar.



Jane put a collar around the girl's neck and pulled the attached leash down to a
ring in the floor so that Natasha was held bent over the bar with her legs
spread wide and her upper torso horizontal to the floor.

"Well now Natasha," said Jane "there is a story about an old man and his mule. 
Every morning the man hits the mule on the head with a 2 x 4 and when asked why
he says that's just to get his attention.  The first thing we intend to do is
get your attention but using these instead."  She and Karen waved 3" wide and 2'
long leather strops under the girl's nose and then took positions on either side
of her and proceeded to administer twelve strokes each to the presented ass
cheeks.

Karen pulled the gag from the sobbing victims mouth and told her that while in
this room she would sometimes be gagged only because, while it was soundproof,
they felt like it.  Any time she was outside the room a gag would be mandatory. 
Since this was her first day they would leave the gag out for a little while. 

Jane wheeled over a stand and without ceremony shoved the greased nozzle of the
enema tube deeply inside the girl's puckered rosebud.  Releasing the valve to
allow the fluid to flow they waited as the bag emptied passing the time by
spreading a thick layer of hair remover on the girls limbs.

Fifteen minutes later they disconnected the hose from the plug and moved her to
the adjoining bathroom and toilet to empty her bowels then it was in to the
shower.  There was a cryptic comment from Karen when some soap found its way in
Natasha's mouth that after the things she had said to her mother it was
obviously deserved.

The women worked as a team and stayed out of the spray as they washed the
sobbing neighbour.  Jane peeled back the girl's lips and gave her teeth a scrub. 
Her wrists still held behind her with plastic ties, Natasha was dried off and
then dragged back inside the studio again for an introduction to some of the
bondage equipment they had accumulated just for her.



The pleading turned to swearing and the ball gag was re-installed for peace and
quiet while they worked.

Tight leather gloves laced to above the biceps and then her fingers were folded
into tight fists and another layer of leather in the form of lace on mittens
took any movement from Natasha's hands.  Working as a team they bent her arms at
the elbow and strapped the wrists to the upper arm before adding yet another
layer of leather with pouches laced from elbow to armpit.

Moving down to her legs the pair soon were lacing thigh high black leather
ballet boots on the stricken girl.  These took quite some time and they
sadistically made it known that once they were on they would stay on for a few
days.

The heavily boned corset covered most of her upper torso and took both of them,
using all their strength, to install; by the time they were finished Natasha's
waist was down from its original 25" to a waspwaisted 21".  Her breasts jutted
out through the upper portion of the corset and built in straps were tightened
around the base of each one.

A wide leather belt was cinched around her waist and, for contrast against the
black leather, they used white cord to connect the rings at the point of each
elbow to the belt in the small of her back.

Bending her legs at the knee they used more of the white cord to lock her ankles
to her thighs.  They made sure that the lower part of the legs and the
stringently pointed feet were on the outside of the thighs as much as possible.

Picking up the helpless girl they carried her over to a waist high table.  On
the table was a thick rectangular board about 2' wide by 3' long.  One of the
ends had a deep V cut in to it and the board was padded with quilted leather. 
There were several large eyehooks fitted around the edges and, strangely,
underneath at each corner was a much larger ring jutting downwards.

At the point of the V stood a very large and very sinister looking butt plug
that had been carefully greased with KY.  Holding her bound legs wide apart the
two leather-clad tormenters slowly lowered Natasha on to the plug.

To the petrified girl the plug had looked enormous but Jane's nursing skills had
taken in to account the measurements they made earlier and while uncomfortable,
very uncomfortable, the plug would just fit without damage.  They pushed down on
Natasha's upper legs until she settled on the rubber flange of the plug that had
been coated with rubber cement forming an effective seal around her asshole.

Using white cord again they fed it through the eyehooks, across her legs, and
even from the toes of the heel-less ballet boots and the rings at the knees, to
secure her, legs spread wide apart, immovable on the padded surface.

Pulling out the ball gag they packed Natasha's mouth with a hard rubber
jaw-stretching substitute and taped her lips closed over it.  Karen gathered the
long black hair and worked it into a single braid and while she did that Jane
pushed in a pair of hollow nostril inserts, tightening small setscrews to hold
them in place.

Now they both took great delight in fitting the black leather discipline helmet
and lacing it as tightly as possible down the back of Natasha's head until it
fitted to each feature of her face like an undersized kid glove with holes just
for the eyes and under the nose.  A strap across her mouth was pulled equally
tight and the braid connected with cord to the back of the belt.

More white cord through a ring in the middle of the gag strap where it crossed
her chin was pulled tightly down to another between her bulging breasts and her
head was held immobile, facing forwards, by the bonds front and back.  Just to
add insult to injury they added a wide, stiff neck corset and, in turn, laced
that just to the point where it almost interfered with her already laboured
breathing.

All this had taken time and they left the object of their attention for a while
to enjoy a cocktail and some food; they felt that Natasha could survive until
the morning before they fed her.


Returning to the studio they each took a handful of bulging breast in their
leather covered fingers and coaxed the nipples to stand erect and available to
each receive a heavy gold clamp.  Jane moved her hand down to manipulate the nub
at the top of Natasha's vagina and as it presented itself Karen was ready with
another clamp.

That being installed brought forth a barely heard groan from its recipient. 
Thin gold chain connected the three clamps and a couple of weights on the nipple
rings made any slight movement of Natasha's body, such as breathing, irritating
to say the least.

There was one last opening just begging for attention and the two Dommes had
deliberately left it for last.  The massive dildo fit just perfectly but took
quite some time to get properly installed before one last length of the white
cord ran from the corset, across the base of the dildo and was pushed through
until it could be yanked tight to the elbow ring.

By now it was late evening and the two ladies pushed 4' long poles through the
rings on the underside of the board and then with Jane at the front and Karen at
the back lifted their packaged new toy like an Egyptian princess in her
palanquin and carried her upstairs to their bedroom.

Setting the board down on a pedestal at the foot of their bed they removed the
poles and gently helped each other remove their helmets and crotch straps.  They
pulled softly padded covers over their boots to protect the glove leather sheets
and settled themselves on the bed.

Karen turned out all the lights with a bedside switch except for a ceiling
spotlight that shone down on Natasha's leather bound form then she turned to her
partner and smiled!




BEHIND CLOSED DOORS.
By
Anne Gray
Chapter 2

It was several weeks later and Marsha had called to say she had received yet
another E-mail from "Nati" and would bring it over later for them to read.

Since Karen had written the piece, and all the others sent before it, they had a
good laugh while preparing for her visit.  Now the three of them were relaxing
in the living room.  Jane and Karen were dressed in tailored leather slacks,
cable knit sweaters and ankle boots while Marsha looked radiant in a stone
washed denim dress with flared skirt and a wide white belt.

As Karen served the coffee Jane nudged the large ottoman closer to Marsha and
urged her to get comfortable and put her feet up on the leather padded surface.

Since her daughter had disappeared Marsha had come to terms with the situation
and, helped by the regular correspondence supposedly from her, had in fact began
to relax and enjoy life again without the constant worry and bickering.  She had
recently received a promotion at work that would entail a lot more traveling and
had put the house across the street on the market and was dickering for a small
condominium apartment downtown.

She was almost bubbly as she handed Jane a copy of the latest E-mail pointing
out that Natasha said it was nearly a month since she had drunk any alcohol
(true) and that she had not taken any drugs stronger than an aspirin since
leaving home (true).

Karen and Jane nearly choked on their coffee as Marsha wondered out loud if
Natasha had finally found a way to restrain herself from indulging in the
dangerous habits she had at home.


If Marsha had but known her daughter was indeed restrained, very tightly in
fact, as a leather covered blind and deaf form laced, strapped, severely gagged
and jammed in a ball on her side in the ottoman under her mother's legs.

Her arms were locked high up between her shoulder blades and her chest crushed
against her thighs.  When they had the girl positioned over the open top of the
ottoman it had taken both of them to gradually force the leather-covered body in
the small space.  Natasha's head was laced in a leather discipline helmet with
openings only under the nostril inserts.

Over this they had installed a heavy rubber gas mask and once she was in the
piece of furniture they connected the short tube from the respirator to an
opening in the bottom panel that was about 4" off the floor.

Closing the top took both of them sitting on it until the lock could be engaged. 
The entire inside was padded with a 1" air filled rubber liner that protected
not just the parts of Natasha forced against the interior surfaces but also the
leather she was covered with.

When they were done, Karen knelt down beside the footstool and listened
carefully.  The very slight hissing noise of the confined girl's breathing was
hardly noticeable even at that distance and they were confident that their
secret was safe to "go on stage".

As Karen poured her a second cup of coffee Marsha commented that she really
hoped her daughter had finished sowing her wild oats and was safe and enjoying
life.

Unnoticed, Jane pushed the button on a remote control and smiled as she thought
to herself that Natasha had certainly finished sowing anything, she was
relatively safe and, since the batteries on the dildo and butt plug embedded in
her were good for two hours, she might even be enjoying herself!




BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
By
Anne Gray
Chapter 3

Cackle, cackle, cackle!  Have an apple my sweetie!  The voice seemed to come
from the face of the hag like Disney witch riding her broomstick across Jane and
Karen's covered porch.

It was Halloween and they had decorated their front garden and entrance to
welcome the neighborhood youngsters as they came yelling "Trick or Treat" and
helped themselves to an apple from the barrel near the witch.

They would ring the bell at the door to the porch, yell, and then come in and
get their treat before politely saying thank you to the two women, dressed as
Snow White and Prince Charming, sitting just outside the front door to the home.

But the bell had been wired to activate the recording and it only lasted for
five seconds and was driving Natasha nuts!  For Natasha was the witch and the
bell was also wired to the nipple clamps and butt plug and dildo embedded inside
her as she rode the broom.

She couldn't move but she sure as hell could feel and the vibrations were not
lasting long enough to bring her off.  She was completely frustrated and just
wished one of the kids would lean on the doorbell and give her some release.

Dusk came early at the end of October and her two tormentors had started on the
centerpiece of their display soon after lunch.  Knowing that she would be on
display for most of the evening Jane had made sure that Natasha was well
hydrated.

This was easily accomplished by the simple method of strapping her head to pull
it over the back of a chair so that she was face up, sticking a funnel down her
throat and pouring in the measured protein drink.  That done they started on her
costume.




Just a little sick and tired of her whining they started with the head and
worked down.  The gag was almost a jawbreaker but they were too experienced now
to push the packing past the limit.  In any event Natasha was not going to be
making any sound except a grunt until they decided to pull it out again.  Over
the lips went tape, and more tape, and then a rubber swim cap and nostril
inserts, and then more tape.

Jane was having fun trying to use up a whole roll of the stuff like a picture
she had seen of a Stanton victim while still leaving Natasha's eyes uncovered. 
She managed that and then had to use another half roll when Karen held the two
halves of a hard plastic throat protector in place and she wrapped them as well.

Natasha's head was held immobile by the protector that cupped her chin and had
two flanges, one that extended down between her breasts and the other between
her shoulder blades.  They forced her to face forwards with her chin up, but no
matter how tight they made anything around her throat she would still be able to
breathe.

Tape was tape and it did its job but the finishing touch had to be leather. 
Tight, very tight, a black kid leather helmet laced just so down the back of her
head and was accented with a gag strap.  Even though the visitors would see none
of this, they wanted everything perfect and took their time making it so.

The corset was very heavily boned and, while it left her breasts exposed, when
they had finished fitting and lacing it the boning completed the job of the
throat flanges and held her upper torso rigid.   Shoulder length kid leather
gloves were laced on and then they fitted narrow flat metal bars down the inside
of each arm and strapped them in place.

Covering Natasha's gloved hands with an old pair of black cotton gardening
gloves they used thin, flexible wire covered with black rubber to lock her
wrists and elbows together in front so that her breasts squeezed out over the
top.



Working as a team they forced Natasha's feet into the heelless ballet boots and
laced them to the top of her thighs before flipping the helpless girl over on
her stomach, pulling her legs wide apart, lubricating the wired butt plug and
easing it none too gently inside its human sheath.

They pulled a strap from the back of the corset up between her legs where it
split on either side of her vagina and buckled at the top of each hip.  Now two
more V shaped metal bars were laced to the inside of Natasha's legs bending them
up.  They were joined at the knee with another foot long bar that held her legs
apart.

Crossing her ankles they used more of the black wire to lock them together
before taking a pair of oversized black paper mache granny boots and fitting
them over their victim's agonizingly pointed feet.  Resting her up on her knees
they slid the long straw broom handle between them and wired her ankles to it.

The dildo fitted to a bracket on the broom lined up with it's destination and
was pushed home as they pulled up on the end of the handle and wired her hands
around it.

Jane twisted two short pieces of wire tightly around each nipple before covering
each one with a heavy clamp and running the wires from them down to meet the
ones from the butt plug and dildo.  A small connector plate on the broom handle
was used to complete the circuit and an extension cord from it was coiled and
ready.

With Natasha resting on her knees and the end of the broom handle on the back of
a chair they had her at just the right angle to drape the tattered old black
cloak around her shoulders.  The garment covered her completely from the neck
down exposing just her hands and wrists and the granny boots to her ankles
before it hung below her knees.





The rubber mask had come straight from a cheap costume store and snapped over
her leather covered head turning it into the Disney witch even more so when they
added a tatty long black wig and held it in place with a tall pointed black hat
covered in stars and half moons.

Tying that under her chin their handiwork was ready for display and they each
grabbed an end of the broom and, steadying the body on it with their other
hands, carried it out to the porch.

A 3' high pedestal was ready and they set the bar between Natasha's knees on it
then bolted the very top end of the handle to a bracket between two porch
windows.  They plugged in the extension cord; made sure the cloak covered
everything it was supposed to and adjusted one red and one black back lights on
the figure.

Opening all the blinds they went outside and were pleased to see their very own
witch seemed to be flying at them through the porch window.  The witch had her
hands holding tightly to the flying broomstick and her ankles crossed over it as
she rode through the sky.

The back lighting flicked on and off increasing the effect.  Before coming back
in Jane pushed the button of the doorbell while Karen approached the figure and
looked very closely through the smoked glass "eyes" of the mask to see Natasha's
eyes widen as the electrical circuits were completed and the hidden toys came to
life.

Locking the door and turning off the lights they went to get on their own
costumes for the evening and the "straight" fancy dress ball they were going to
later.

Now the kids had been arriving and leaving for two hours and the apples were all
gone so once again they locked the porch door, turned out the lights and left
Natasha riding to nowhere on the porch while they went to the party.




Natasha was tired, she was frustrated and she was hurting from being bound so
helplessly and held in the position on the broomstick. While she couldn't move
her head she could just see through the mask's eyes and saw movement outside the
porch.

One of the older kids had decided that an apple was not enough of a "treat" to
stop him from providing a "trick" and so, not knowing that Jane and Karen had
left, he now snuck up to the door and pushed a toothpick between the edge of the
doorbell and its frame and then snapped it off.

The idea was that the occupants would not be able to stop the bell ringing until
they could dig out the wedge.  But they were not home and would not return for
at least two hours, Natasha was home however and the doorbell was still
connected to the invaders on and in her body.

Cackle, cackle, cackle!  Have and apple my sweetie!

Cackle, cackle, cackle!  Have and apple my sweetie!


AAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!

Cackle, cackle, cackle!  Have and apple my sweetie!




BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
By
Anne Gray

Chapter 4

Natasha really wished she could turn back the clock a few years and not have
been such a brat with her mother then this would never have happened.

"This" was being forced to be the third participant in an evening where Jane and
Karen were having all the fun and she was doing most of the work - with her
mouth!

Jane was dressed only in a tightly laced red rubber corset and matching high
heeled knee boots while Karen had gone to white leather for her outfit.  Both of
them wore kid leather shoulder length gloves and had been letting their fingers
do the walking, it seemed to Natasha, for hours.

The ring gag wedged behind her teeth and locked in place around her leather
helmeted head was hard red rubber and could be adapted, using flanges on either
side of her mouth, to hold the double ended dildo and penis gag that would plug
her mouth and was waiting on the side table. 

The fact that she was strapped and laced in so much restrictive leather didn't
help and with her doubled up legs encased in the dreaded heelless ballet boots
strapped to her thighs and then splayed wide apart, to a low swivel platform
with the wired butt plug impaling her ass, was downright uncomfortable.

In the last few weeks Jane had put her nursing skills to good use and Natasha
was now equipped with a semi permanent catheter that gave them control of her
bladder and, to enhance her usefulness in the current situation, sported a small
gold barbell stud close to the tip of her tongue and another near the middle.




To deprive the girl of any chance relief unless they allowed it, the two women
had filled her love hole with a large ribbed dildo that was strapped tightly in
place but they had also used the small gold rings installed down each side of
her cunt to pull the lips wide apart and lace them to straps on either side that
were attached to her heavily boned corset.  All the girl felt was full and
frustrated as the sensitive lips were immobilized and with the position they had
her bound she could not get even the slightest movement up and down on the
intruder.

Jane obviously felt their unwilling partner was shirking and zapped her a couple
of times with the hand control.  Natasha was unable to react with even a wiggle
as the butt plug awoke because they had bound her so tightly.  The only way to
get relief from the pulsating tormenter in her ass was to put her tongue back to
work and, since Jane's legs were draped over her shoulders clamping her head and
face even harder into the women's crotch, she didn't have far to make it reach.

Earlier that evening Jane and Karen had finished getting Natasha suitably bound
and carried her up to the living room then they opened a chilled bottle of wine,
turned on some low music and dimmed the lights before settling themselves on the
chesterfield and pulling the unwilling girl closer.  Karen flipped a coin and
lost so they positioned Natasha in front of Jane, attached straps to the sides
of the ring gag and while Jane slid slightly forwards on the seat pulling the
girls head into her crotch, Karen fed the straps through buckles on straps from
Jane's corset that framed her vagina.

Tightening the straps pulled Natasha's leather encased head firmly between
Jane's legs and held it there.  She then draped her leather booted legs over the
bound girl's shoulders and commanded her to get to work.

The two lovers now cuddled and caressed, kissing deeply as they fondled each
other's breasts.  Natasha's tongue had found Jane's nub and her hot breath
panting through her nostrils along with the tongue ornaments emphasized the
sensations. Gradually the dominatrix's body started to stiffen.

Her legs clamped even tighter around the leather-covered form in front of her
and sensing how close she was, Karen lowered her head to tongue her partners'
nipples as she built toward her climax.


This was the first of many for both of them and would make it a very long
evening for Natasha.

Karen sipped her wine and waited impatiently for her companion to recover with
the leather-covered head still clamped in place.  Now it was her turn and she
adjusted the straps from the front of her corset so that they framed her mound
already moist just from the attention of Jane's leather covered fingers and the
anticipation of what was to come.

With a sigh and a huge smile Jane opened her eyes and reached down to release
Natasha's head then the two of them tightened all the straps holding the girl in
her bondage, re-positioned her in front of Karen and repeated the process of
bringing her tongue to its captive position within reach of the throbbing clit.

The night was young and there would be plenty of time later to adjust Natasha's
position, install the dildo gag, and continue the fun!




BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
By
Anne Gray
Chapter 5

"So how is our pet doing Jane?"   Karen spoke as she steered the luxury SUV on
to the highway increasing speed to merge with the other traffic.

The two of them looked like a couple of fashion plates dressed for the chill
early November weather and would have been quite at home lunching in any upscale
restaurant or chatting at a cocktail party.  Karen wore a red leather pantsuit
with a black wool turtleneck sweater, black ankle boots and her hair tucked in a
red leather poor boy cap.  Resting on the steering wheel her hands were in a
pair of short black kid leather driving gloves.

Jane had opted for black leather; a tight skirt that ended just above the knee
and belted hip length jacket over a white silk blouse.  Her high-heeled boots
rose to her knees and her hair flowed around her shoulders from under a perky
black leather French beret.

Sitting in the passenger side captain's chair that she had adjusted to a
position a couple of feet back of Karen, Jane dropped her kid gloved hand to
gently rest on the black head that was to her left and slightly lower than the
armrest.

She felt a slight tremor run through the leather-covered ball that was Natasha. 
It was the about the only movement available to the girl and feeling it Jane
said,  "She's just fine and we can start anytime but we have a problem because I
forgot the stopwatch."

"No problem," said Karen "we'll use the Explorer's odometer.  Just let me get it
up to 60 mph that's a mile a minute and I can set the tracker to read off each
fraction of a mile."

"Ready? Now."

Jane slid her leather-covered finger over the end of the small hose secured to
the top of Natasha's head. Another tremor and the very minimal movement
transmitted through Jane's hand as Natasha found that her air supply had been
cut off just confirmed the efficiency of the pair's bondage efforts.

"Coming up on one half mile Jane - now" said Karen and Jane moved her finger
from the tube.  "That first 30 seconds should give her an inkling of what's to
come so we'll let her recover for a few minutes before we do it again."  Jane
stroked the leather covered head like she would a kitten but Natasha was panting
- not purring!

After the success of their Halloween display the two had discussed the
possibilities of a visit to the winterized chalet that Karen had inherited.  It
had most of the comforts of home but was fairly remote with the nearest
neighbours over five miles away and it held some interesting possibilities,
because of its wood beam construction, for their continuing fun with Natasha.

There was another plus in that since it was in Wisconsin to drive there they
could very easily take a short detour through Chicago and had phoned to see if
the helpful Kat had any new toys and equipment that sounded interesting.

The decision made they then planned how to transport "the pet". 

To start they gave her a complete clean up - inside and out.  Jane expertly
administered the enema and released the catheter to allow Natasha to drain her
bladder then re-inflated the balloon to shut off any possibility of a leak over
the next few hours. Except for her head, eyebrows and eyelashes there was not a
hair on Natasha's body.  They had considered shaving her head but that was still
in the future.

Working like a well-oiled team and giving the girl not the slightest chance to
resist, they started on her costume after first installing a nice big ball gag
to muffle the pleas as the severity of her position increased.

The bra was more that just that.  A heavy leather "Longline", with the
undersized cups lined with hard rubber nubs, it was strapped in place across her
back and over each shoulder after they got her breasts inside the cups. This was
accomplished by tying a thin cord around each nipple, threading it through a
hole in the point of the cup and then literally pulling each tit harshly into
place.

Extending up from the bra was a fairly stiff throat protector that curved around
the front of Natasha's neck and then up to force her to raise her chin, it
strapped at the base of her neck.

Each hand was taped so that the fingers made a cone and then they temporarily
tied her wrists to each end of the bed's headboard while they prepared her lower
extremities.

The butt plug and dildo were joined with a flexible connection and held deeply
inside the girl by crotch straps from a wide waist belt. Karen made sure the
wire from the toys stayed free. They fed an extra crotch belt between her legs,
leaving the ends free, then used soft cord at the thigh, above and below the
knees and at the ankles to rope Natasha's legs together before getting to work
on the double leg boot.

There was no heel on this waist length monstrosity, instead the shoe portion
forced their victim's feet straight out in the ultimate ballet en point
position.  Lacing took nearly half an hour with one of them working on each side
and passing the laces back and forth as they pulled until the edges of the
leather touched evenly down its length.  There was a slight flexibility left at
the knee but otherwise it gradually welded the legs together to just below her
crotch where they temporarily tied off the laces.

Karen reached for the straightjacket and held it up for a moment so that they
could both admire the workmanship of the black leather garment.

Working it over her arms and upper torso they then, lovingly, spent the best
part of half an hour lacing it on.  Each sleeve needed to be done from wrist to
armpit and then there was an extra sheath that laced back down from the elbow to
the fingertips and ended with a 2" wide strap.  Down her back it closed not just
with laces but was supported with straps every 3" and they used the extra crotch
strap to pull the lower hem tightly in place.
Now they finished lacing the upper portion of the boot to waist level finally
connecting it to matching eyelets around the waist of the jacket.

Standing on either side of the girl, who was now encased from the neck down in
tight black leather, Karen and Jane passed the straps at the end of the arms
under Natasha's thighs and then, each pushing down on one of her shoulders,
started pulling.  More downward pressure and the arms crossed until the hand
straps could be connected across her back to a special, padded buckle.

Jane carefully inserted a long lever in the buckle and started pushing it back
and forth.  Each stroke gathered in another 1/4" of strap and Karen assisted by
pushing in on Natasha's elbows.  In no time Natasha's upper thighs were crushed
against her chest as she was forced to hug them.

One or two final pumps and Jane removed the lever as Karen locked the buckle. 
This was no namby-pamby regular straight jacket.  Natasha's elbows were on the
opposite sides of her from normal and her breasts felt every one of those hard
rubber nubs inside the bra cups.

They ran another wide strap around the girl to reinforce the jacket's arm strap
and then Jane pulled the next item from its storage box and set it on the floor
near the bed.

Natasha was lifted and carried over by the two then lowered until the points of
her feet touched first and with some pressure here and there they had her folded
back on her haunches.  Doubled up as she was their package now started to take
shape.

They had set her down inside an oblong metal pan with 3" sides.  The bottom was
padded with thin foam, not for Natasha's comfort but to protect the boot leather
from the metal floor.  The size was perfect and the tip of the boot toe just
touched one end while her knees came within a fraction of an inch of the other
end.



The sides of the pan had openings for straps every few inches and the two
heartless women started threading straps through them in every direction -
diagonally across the shoulder over the buttock at the other corner, then the
other way, then several across her back and each one tightened with the buckle
lever.  They were merciless and soon had a web of black leather strapping woven
across the girl.

Now they raised the front of the pan off the floor and unsnapped two legs that
locked in place then lifted the whole thing on to a waist high table.   This
left their victim at a 45-degree angle so they could work on her head.

"What have we here?" Jane laughed as she looked at the helpless result of their
work. "Roast turkey?"  "No, with her chin up like that and the ball gag, I think
a suckling pig." said Karen as she went for the rest of their supplies.

Karen pulled out the ball gag and was greeted with a flood of breathless sobs,
pleas and promises that were ignored.  Jane stood patiently holding a glass of
water until Natasha ran out of breath and then gave her a choice - go thirsty on
top of everything else for the next few hours or drink.  Not a drop was spilled.

Using blunt probes they packed Natasha's ears with sound deafening foam then
snapped a heavy rubber cap over her head and tucked in her hair.

Now Karen did a very strange thing, standing directly in front of the girl she
gripped the sides of her face then leaned forwards and kissed her.  This was no
peck on the lips; she forced her tongue in the surprised captive's mouth and
locked her mouth over Natasha's.  Then, as the girl's own tongue tentatively
moved forwards, she nipped down on it with her teeth just behind the first
barbell stud and slowly drew back from the lip lock pulling Natasha's tongue out
of her mouth so that Jane, standing ready, could snap a clamp across it behind
the second stud.

"There, that was much more fun than poking around with our fingers to catch your
tongue - wasn't it?"

The gag they had chosen was like a hard rubber clamshell and they locked the two
halves in place with extensions of the barbells piercing Natasha's tongue,
removed the clamp and pushed the whole thing back in her mouth until it settled
behind her teeth and held her jaws wide apart.

Into the center of the gag Jane now screwed another piece of hard rubber shaped
like a boxers' mouthpiece.  It fitted under Natasha's lips and around inside her
cheeks; there was yet another hole in the center of this piece that would come
in to play later.

The black leather helmet was a work of art and as they laced it down the back,
carefully pulling out any slight creases, it became skintight with openings only
at the eyes, nostrils and a very small one at the center of her gagged mouth. 
They finished lacing the helmet down over the throat protector and then to the
neckline of the straightjacket.

The gag strap was unusual.  Certainly it went over her mouth and around her head
very tightly but it also had a metal piece that curved down on each side of her
chin where the two arms angled out for an inch or so.  A screw went through the
hole at the middle of the gag to hold the assembly even more securely in place.

Jane flipped up a hinged piece of metal with two catches on the top from the
middle of the trays front edge and then they lined up Natasha's head until the
two metal arms from the gag snapped in the catches.  The leather-covered head
was held without a fraction of an inch of movement possible.

After a few moments admiring their handiwork, that just had a couple more steps
to completion, the two dominatrix left to freshen up and change for the drive
north.

When they returned, dressed like a couple of fashion page models, they quickly
finished their work on her head.  A few weeks earlier Jane had used her nursing
skills to permanently remove any hairs from the inside of Natasha's nose and,
using surgical glue, installed a pair of inserts inside that slightly flared the
girl's nostrils and were threaded to a depth of nearly 1".

She screwed a short black rubber tube in each nostril and then joined them with
a connecting tube that curved upwards and snapped in a holder at the crown of
Natasha's head.

They had deliberately left the blindfold until last because it greatly increased
their enjoyment of what they did to her to see the look in her eyes of fear and
helplessness but now they installed the padded leather cover over her eyes and
strapped it tightly in place.

Using the carrying handles on either side of the pan they easily carried the
immobile package upstairs and in to the garage.  Sliding open the side door of
the SUV behind the driver's seat they slid the pan in the place where a
passenger seat normally was installed.

Still at a 45 degree angle on its front legs they locked it in place with a
couple of luggage straps, closed the door with its tinted windows and returned
to lock up the house and get their purses.  As soon as they were ready to leave
Jane plugged the wire from the butt plug and dildo in the cigarette lighter on
the arm of her chair.

Now, just a half hour later they had begun their breath control game with
Natasha as they headed for Chicago.

Unable to know when the leather covered finger would cover the end of her
breathing tube Natasha was in a constant state of fear treating each hard won
breath as possibly the last before she was cut off again.  Jane sadistically
varied the times she used her finger giving the girl no chance to anticipate her
actions.

Just as they were nearing the Chicago turnoff and Karen had timed another 45
second period she heard Jane laughing and asked her lover what was so funny.
"I decided to turn on the toys in the middle of that last session and believe it
or not she managed to move.  Not much obviously but enough for me to feel it.  I
was laughing at the thought that she was being screwed in so many ways all at
the same time."




Following Jane's directions Karen soon had the Explorer parked almost in the
shadow of the Hancock building and, after checking that their passenger was
breathing evenly despite her restraints, they set the security and strolled down
the street drawing many admiring glances to a small storefront with the name
"Tengew Territory" across its fascia.  What looked like a Samurai warrior or
stylized Japanese figure was outlined on the front window.  The window display
was nothing except a coil of white cord on a black velvet background and a small
sign saying, "We can do better, try us!"

As they entered Jane was greeting warmly by a blonde young lady who she
introduced to Karen as Kat.  For the next half hour Kat showed them a line of
bondage products that were hand made, inventive and mind-boggling.  Gags,
binders, corsets and even nose hooks but there was one ball gag and head harness
that Karen suggested would be just impossible to get in any mouth without
serious damage to the wearer.

Kat just smiled and went to a wall intercom.  "Hey lazy bones, time to earn your
salary, the red one please!"

Moments later a door at the back opened and Karen and Jane were introduce to
Sadie.  Sadie, however, was unable to join the conversation because a copy of
the ball gag was very firmly embedded in her mouth by a clear head harness.  The
fact that her arms were locked behind her in a matching red arm sheath that was
anchored in place with a crotch strap that held God knows what inside her was
the icing on the cake

An hour and several presents for Natasha later Karen and Jane returned to their
SUV.  With Jane again stroking the leather-covered head beside her, they
traveled in satisfied anticipation to the chalet.




BEHIND CLOSED DOORS

By

Anne Gray

Chapter 6

Natasha was hanging by her toes - literally because the only other thing taking
any weight besides her neck was the huge butt plug buried deeply inside her.

It had only been a small sneeze; hardly noticeable except to the trained ear of
someone like a registered nurse named Jane.

They had arrived at the chalet and carried the tray containing the stringently
bound Natasha inside before unloading the rest of the luggage and turning on the
systems to make the fishing lodge comfortable.  Jane had taken off Natasha's
blindfold and removed the gag plugging her mouth only to be rewarded with a
sneeze.

When most people sneeze they tend to hunch their shoulders and dip their head
but in Natasha's case, being held immobile by the multitude of leather straps,
all that resulted was a slight screwing up of her mouth and the sound.  It was
enough for Jane to decide that medical attention was required. 

Jane was a firm believer in the methods used by Scandinavians and several North
American Indian tribes and this involved sweating things like a flu bug from the
body.  As soon as they had eaten Karen and Jane went to work on the portable
single seat sauna they bought out of storage. Karen's husband had used it to
relax after a long days fishing or his twice-weekly five-mile run.






The cone-shaped unit was just over 4' high with the top about 20" across.  The
back panel was fairly straight but the sides then turned out to meet the
one-piece curved clear Plexiglas door that locked against them to form a tight
seal.

The flat base was nearly 4' long and 3' at its widest point. Designed with a
small seat built into the back wall the sauna easily hooked up to household
plumbing and electrical feeds.

The user sat inside, settled their neck against the half moon cut in the back
edge of the top and pulled the door closed; with a towel wrapped around their
neck and usually another around their head to soak up the perspiration, the half
moon in the door sealed them inside.  Controls set on the inside of the door
allowed the user to adjust wet or dry heat to their comfort level.

Needless to say, Natasha's comfort was not one of their considerations as they
modified the unit by removing the seat and installing a couple of heavy hooks
two thirds of the way up the back wall and a solid bracket between then and just
a little lower.

They checked that the rubber seals around the door were in good condition and
fitted the two halves of a new heavy-duty rubber collar at the top opening.  The
controls were re-mounted on the outside of the door and wired to a remote hand
unit and, of course, the inside door handle was removed; not that Natasha would
be able to reach it.

They had released the girl from her traveling tray allowing her to un-kink her
muscles a little by changing the straightjacket straps from under her thighs and
instead buckling her arms across her back. With her body still encased in all
the restraining leather she was stretched out on the carpet nearby as they
worked.

Now they hooked up the plumbing and electrical connections of the sauna using
feeds from, and a drain hose to, the nearby bathroom then checked to see that
they responded to the controls.




Satisfied, the two lovers turned to the task of unwrapping their pet from the
rest of her traveling outfit and preparing to cure her cold.

Jane had previously unwrapped a dozen or more rolls of heavy bandage dropping
them in a bucket of water laced with a large measure of vinegar now she checked
to see that they were completely soaked.

Just slightly concerned about Natasha's breathing Jane installed a ring gag that
stretched her mouth wide open and then they spread-eagled the naked girl between
two of the lodge's support posts.

Donning rubber gloves the two massaged a strong unguent that Jane had prepared
into every inch of Natasha's skin from the neck down. As Karen held one of
Natasha's arms Jane expertly wrapped the hand with wet bandage.  She started
with the individual fingers that were then clamped together with another layer
and finally folded into a fist and wrapped yet again.

Karen changed her grip to the wrapped ball of Natasha's hand and Jane used
another roll of the soaking wet binding carefully wrapping the arm from wrist to
shoulder.  In this manner they soon had their victim covered from the neck down
in a minimum two layers of the tightly wound cloth.

Before covering the breasts they found several heavy elastic bands and snapped
them around the bases then Karen fed a rubber thong through the nipple rings and
pulled them together.  Indeed Natasha's comfort was not their first
consideration in fact the exact opposite was their goal.

They left her crotch open for the moment but as they did her legs Karen held a
curved plexi splint against each limb on top of the first layer so it fitted
from the knee to just past the bandaged toes.  As Jane continued to wind the wet
strips around Natasha's leg Karen gripped the foot with both hands forcing it
against the splint to be held in the en point position.



With Natasha back spread-eagled between the posts the next step was to install a
huge double walled butt plug.  The plug was made of hard rubber and was hollow
with the lower portion threaded.

This diabolical toy was greased then pushed and twisted deeply inside the girl
for its full length;  a flange still extended out an inch or so from the
stretched rosebud.  They held it in place with straps that tightly encircled
each leg just at the point where they joined the torso.

Now the holes Jane had pierced some weeks ago down each side of Natasha's vagina
came into play. Using thin strands of rubber they laced the lips wide apart to
grommets on the straps around the top of each leg.  Jane held a container under
Natasha and deflated the small balloon inside her catheter allowing her bladder
to drain; then she inflated it again and Karen held their newest purchase in
place.

It resembled a clear plexi version of a man's athletic cup and fitted over
Natasha's wide-open vagina where they taped it in place by the side flanges then
added more of the wet bandage.  When finished there was still a view of the
gaping love hole and the end of the butt plug but every other inch of skin below
her neck was firmly swaddled with two or three layers of the vinegar and water
soaked bandage.

They moved the girl to lay face down on the floor and folded her arms behind her
back so that the ball of each fist settled inside the crook of the opposite
elbow.  Several more rolls of the wet bandage locked the arms in that position
and then even more tightly against her back as they wound more layers around her
upper torso.

The three part outer garment was made of heavy but flexible green rubber like
that used for a fisherman's chest waders.  They worked Natasha into the lower
portion feet first with the material forming snugly over the bandages,
positioned the two openings correctly at the crotch then fastened it just under
her breasts with several rubber straps.  There was a heavy rubber ring built in
the toe of each leg and they wrapped a strong strap around each ankle and then
down and through the rings to strengthen them.




The next piece they dragged over her head and down to her waist where it molded
to her form and was further held in place by straps down each side of her crotch
and up to the waist band at the back.

The high collar was quite thick and had a small channel encircling her neck when
it was fastened in place.

The two tormenters lifted Natasha, with one on either side of the rubber-encased
form, each gripping an ankle and the chest straps. Bending her legs up behind
her as they carried her to the sauna they slowly lowered her on the butt shaft
held in place by the bracket on the back wall.  The shaft had an opening down
the core and fitted inside the hollow butt plug.

As they lowered her they lined up the hooks on either side and allowed the toe
rings to settle over them.  While Karen held Natasha from falling forwards Jane
tightened the threaded collar connecting the butt plug and shaft and fitted a
small rubber unit in a hole at the front of the vaginal cup.  A hose led from
that unit to an outlet in the sidewall of the sauna.

Double checking everything was in place she then began to close the door and as
she did Karen moved her hands up to hold Natasha's head until the door closed
and the rubber seals around the two half moons fitted in the neck channel to
complete the seal.

Satisfied with their efforts so far they took a break but not before Jane fitted
a funnel in through the ring gag and fed Natasha some high- energy mush to keep
her strength up - she was going to need it. They also turned on the unit and set
the dial to its lowest level to allow heat to start building inside.

Now it was time to complete Natasha's encasement in rubber and have her
experience their idea of a cure for the common cold!








With her head held immobile by the gasket clamped around her neck Natasha didn't
have a hope of avoiding the ministrations of the dominatrix.  Karen dampened the
girls' hair with the vinegar mixture then pulled a heavy rubber swim cap over
it.  Tucking in the loose ends of hair she then buckled the chinstrap and they
went to work on the gag.

Packing her mouth with a huge rubber ball attached to a mouthpiece that fitted
over her teeth and inside her cheeks was the first step; it stretched her jaws
to the absolute maximum before dislocation would occur.  There was a hole
drilled through the middle of the gag and from it hung a short piece of flexible
tubing with a connection at the end.

The rubber gag strap had an opening for the tube to feed through and was buckled
at the back of Natasha's head.  The lenses on the green goggles were only about
one inch round, just enough for the "patient" to see through.  They were set in
rubber frames that clamped tightly around her eyes and down over the bridge of
her nose; they too were firmly buckled in place.

The third part of the green rubber outfit was a tight hood that covered her head
and the lower half of her face to just under her nose.  The gag tube fitted
through yet another hole over the middle of her mouth. Jane screwed the short
arms of a V shaped hard rubber tube in the nostril inserts permanently embedded
in Natasha's nose and quickly connected the other end to an air feed similar to
a diver's regulator that was attached to the outside of the sauna casing.

She explained to Karen that she had set the forced air feed to contain a very
small amount of nasal decongestant that would assure the air passages stayed
open.  With Natasha breathing regularly they turned up the heat control and hung
a large bag full of electrolyte-enriched liquid to a hook above her head.  This
was connected to the tube coming from Natasha's gag; the feed was closed for the
time being.




"We'll give her half an hour to get up to temperature and then we can start the
fun." Jane grinned at Karen and they headed for the bar to pour a couple of
cocktails while they waited.

As they sipped their drinks Jane, with a twinkle in her eyes, explained the
theory behind what they were doing.

"As she starts sweating the unguent will get in the open pores and then with the
vinegar acting as an astringent it will clean the poison from her system.  After
the first hour we can let the pump system force in an enema through the butt
plug and leave it inside until the drain opens, that should give her some
interesting feelings."

"When we fire up that vagina cup it should drive her around the bend with
frustration but there is at least an hour before that happens."

Karen was making them another drink as she looked over at Jane.
"You don't really expect me to believe that crap do you?"

"No but it sounds better than just saying we are sweating the hell out of her
doesn't it?"

Karen sat down beside Jane where they both could look at the helpless girl
inside the sauna as if they were watching TV.  Jane had the remote control and,
as the heat increased, Natasha would now be sweating profusely inside the
bandages and the tight rubber suit, she opened the flow to the mouth tube so
their captive didn't get dehydrated from all the fluid loss.

After a while Jane activated the enema system and set the timer so that every
two hours the cycle would repeat itself.  "She'll be fine for the rest of the
night but let's see if she enjoys that toy Kat sold us."  Jane worked the
controls of the remote allowing water to fill the pipe leading to the front of
the vagina cup.  A tiny nozzle at the end of the tube and just inside the cup
instantly started spraying a very fine jet against Natasha's most sensitive
region and then started oscillating at random.


It would hit her clit then a moment later the outside lips and, in a wink, would
be shooting the needle thin jet directly at the center opening before going
around again.

Natasha even managed to make her discomfort known with some faint mewling noises
that were ignored.

"Well that's stage one," said Jane "let's try stage two."  She slowly pushed yet
another button on the remote that closed the tiny opening of the jet.  With the
only escape gone the water pressure built and gradually a tube of corrugated
rubber that had been compressed behind the nozzle filled and becoming firm it
grew - and grew until it slowly impaled Natasha on its now hard stiff shaft.

After ten minutes a small drain opened in the base of the tube allowing the
water to drain out on to the floor of the sauna where it soon evaporated in the
heat.  The shaft gradually withdrew from Natasha's love hole and compressed back
to its original state.  The nozzle opened and the system was ready again.

Jane set that timer to repeat on a thirty minute cycle and, laughing, the two
turned out the lights and went to bed leaving the bound, rubber encased sweating
girl to her night of torment!




BEHIND CLOSED DOORS

By

Anne Gray

Chapter 7

Jane and Karen were in seventh heaven - again.  First one and then the other
would explode with an orgasm so overpowering that, after getting their breath
back, they told themselves that nothing could surpass it and then the next one
would take them even higher.

As lovers over the past few years they had found the secrets of bringing each
other to a satisfying end in their love sessions but now, with the introduction
of Natasha to the equation, everything had taken on new dimensions that they
found hard to believe.

Whether it was having an outlet for their fetishes and a target for their
domination and S/M instincts or just the freedom to release their long
suppressed love of bondage on an unwilling beautiful victim they didn't know. 
Their love just seemed to grow stronger in direct proportion to the trials they
inflicted on the beautiful and now nineteen year old girl.  She had spent her
recent birthday strapped in a heavy green rubber suit sweating inside the sauna

Now, naked on the huge king size bed, they used the hapless Natasha to generate
wave after wave of sheer ecstasy that engulfed them time and time again.

Natasha was not having so much fun; in fact she was not having any fun at all
because her attention was concentrated on getting enough air in her lungs to
stay conscious.

Her predicament was the result of nearly two hours preparation by the pair and
she didn't know what was causing her the most discomfort besides the fact that,
at the current moment, Jane was impaled on the dildo protruding from her plugged
mouth.  Every time the woman pumped her hips in the throes of yet another
building explosion Natasha's only source of air, the two small tubes protruding
from her nose, got blocked with a mass of warm, wet, quivering flesh.

Somewhere, outside the mind-boggling feelings she was experiencing, Jane knew
enough to lift herself away from the leather helmeted head between her thighs
long enough to let the girl get a breath before she rammed herself down again to
embed the deliciously long, thick rubber toy inside her.

Further down the bed Karen rested on one elbow, recovering from her last trip to
nirvana and looked, with a smile on her face, at her partner's actions.  With
her head thrown back, eyes closed, teeth clenched and lips glistening, it was
not hard to see how close Jane was to exploding again.  Karen judged the moment
precisely and, just as the dildo was halfway buried inside Jane again, she
tweaked the gold ring in Natasha's clit - hard.   What little movement Natasha's
head was allowed by her restraints came in play and she jerked upwards just as
Jane was coming down and this made the tip of the rubber shaft touch her very
essence.  The scream was one of overpowering pleasure as Jane managed to lift
herself off the shaft before collapsing on the soft leather sheets struggling
for breath.

Karen grinned and continued to relax for a while and recover before going back
for more.   She had turned the setting on the strap-on double dildo down to
minimum and enjoyed the soft vibrations inside her as the exposed end, moisture
from Natasha slowly drying on it, throbbed gently against her belly.  She
studied the panting form encased in black leather and recalled how they had
prepared for this session.

Like a chicken on a spit the leather covered girl was suspended between the head
and foot of the bed with her body clearing the sheets by just an inch or so more
than half the width of her shoulders.  This allowed the unresisting form to be
turned, (or should that be rotated?), to make any of her treasures readily
available to the two tormentors.

They had started, as always before an extended bondage session, with Jane using
her nursing skills to get the girl completely cleaned out.  This time though she
had gone one step further.  Earlier in the afternoon when they had decided what
they would attempt in the evening, Jane had plugged the bound girl and used a
hand pump to fill her twice and then on the third occasion she had forced in so
much fluid that they could see Natasha's stomach start to distend and cause her
obvious discomfort.

Then Jane forced a feeding tube in the girl's throat and filled her top end with
a high protein energy drink until she could hold no more.  Over an hour later
they had returned to the form that was twisting in its bonds over the toilet
bowl and released the pressure.  Giving her a few moments to settle they
collected what they needed and started to prepare Natasha for the evening's fun.

The black leather corset was heavily boned and fitted from her neck to just
above her hipbones.  When they finished lacing it and tightening the several
straps that added stiffness to the boning they each took an arm and worked a
tight kid, shoulder length glove on it.  If Natasha had any thoughts of
resisting they were crushed by the very simple expedient Karen had employed.  By
installing a harsh gag and plugging one of the nostril inserts the wicked woman
had insured that Natasha's full concentration was on getting air. With the
gloves on and laced to the armpit, where they attached to the sleeves of the
corset, Karen and Jane joined each other to work on one hand at a time.  A throw
away plastic glove over the tight kid was followed by a small rubber ball placed
in the palm then, while one of them wrapped the fingers around it, the other
taped them into a fist that was then covered with yet another layer of leather
in the form of a tight mitt laced down to the wrist.   That done they used all
their strength to tighten a wide heavy leather belt around Natasha's waist and
used D rings on it to clamp her wrists to her sides while they worked on her
legs.

Working easily through long practice they fitted the heelless ballet boots that
were the curse of Natasha's feet on her legs.  After just a few months anytime
they removed these boots or any of the others with nothing less than a 6" heel,
the girl had trouble getting her bare sole to touch the floor.  Jane estimated
that by the end of the year the ankle muscles would have atrophied to the point
where their captive would never walk again in anything less than a high stiletto
heel.

When the boots were laced tightly up to the top of her thighs they took two
metal cages and locked one over each knee.  These extended about a foot above
and below the joint and prevented the legs from having even the slightest bend. 
A metal rod attached to the cage went up the outside of each thigh and was
strapped in place. Similar cages fitted from Natasha's lower calves to the tip
of her excruciatingly arched feet except these had a socket for an adjustable
spreader bar on the inside of the ankles.

They fitted the bar and set it at around 2' for the time being then moved up to
start on her head.  The two part metal clam was ratcheted forcing the girl's
jaws wide and allowing them access to her mouth and tongue.  The flat topped
tongue clamp locked in place with the barbell studs and dental wire around her
lower teeth but still left enough room for them to force in the penis gag
mouthpiece and settle her upper and lower teeth in the grooves provided for
them.

The wide rubber penis wasn't quite long enough to reach down her throat to her
choke reflex and her teeth, embedded in the rims, stopped it from going in any
further.  They removed the nostril plug and wound tape around her head over the
rubber cap that covered her hair leaving just the threaded socket in the middle
of the gag uncovered and waiting for its toy to be installed.

The black kid leather helmet had just eye and nostril holes and when they had
finished lacing it down the back of her head it was like a glistening second
skin.  Karen pulled on the roller buckled gag strap while Jane made sure the
opening in it lined up with the socket.

Now they had each taken a hold of one of Natasha's wrists, released them from
the waist belt and twisted her arms up behind her head so that her forearms were
parallel to her shoulders.

When they were held in place with several straps they forced the leather covered
ball of each fist into the bend of the opposite elbow and used more leather
straps to lock them in place.  The metal bar they clamped from elbow to elbow
across her locked forearms had an open socket pointed backwards just over the
top of her leather encased head that was forced slightly forward by the position
of her arms.

Now for the final piece of the set up Karen took a 18" long rod and fitted it in
the socket at the middle of the ankle spreader bar while Jane threaded one that
was nearly 3' long through the receptacle on the forearm brace and down
Natasha's back until the end locked in place at the middle of the waist belt.

Lifting an end each they raised the girl over the bed and settled the ends of
the rods in receptacles set in the head and foot boards.  Held rigid down the
middle of the huge bed like a chicken on a spit, her body unable to bend and
suspended above the leather sheets, Natasha was again at their mercy.

Shortening the ankle spreader bar Jane used it to turn the girl 180 degrees so
she was face down and then, while Karen lubed up the massive butt plug, adjusted
the spreader bar to push her legs 3' apart making the puckered rosebud readily
available.  There was no way Natasha could resist the intrusion of the hard
rubber and when it reached the point where the flange was tight against her skin
they locked it in place with a split strap from the small of her back by
flipping her over again and buckling it up either side of her vagina to the
front of the corset.

While she was face up they each took a 1" wide roller buckled strap and settled
them over the poor girl's bulging mammary glands.  In moments her tortured
breasts were engorged and tipped by hard nipples that just begged for a pair of
toothed clamps joined with a fine gold chain.

Karen gently worked the seven inches of hard rubber inside her own very
receptive orifice and strapped it in place around her waist and hips, before
settling herself between Natasha's legs.  Pushing the spring-loaded extension
down until the knob lined up with the other not so willing receptacle she turned
it up to maximum.

Jane lubed another dildo, screwed it in the socket embedded inside Natasha's
gag, then settled herself to kneel over the girl's head facing Karen and lowered
herself until just the first inch or so entered her passage.

From a tray set on the bed beside them they each picked up a glass of chilled
white wine and, as they leaned forwards over the corseted waist of their victim,
they clicked their glasses and sipped until all was gone.


The glasses dropped, empty, to the kid leather sheets covering the bed and they
locked their lips together and reached for each others breasts as Jane lowered
herself further on the waiting imposter while Karen, with one swift forward
motion, buried the strap-on inside the leather covered Natasha.

The evening passed in a haze of passion; there were so many combinations
available to them.  After the first session they changed places.   With Natasha
rotated so she was face down Karen slid underneath and spread her legs so that
Jane could get the mouth-mounted dildo in position and strap it there.  Then she
crossed her legs over the back of the rod and Natasha's locked arms.  When Jane
was in position and now wearing the double strap-on, Karen guided it in the
glistening tunnel just inches from her own face and then started working her
hips.

Now she was relaxing and waiting for her partner to recover enough for the
evening finale.  They had been saving their newest toy for just such an
occasion.  It was a triple shafted dildo with multi direction hinges.  Once the
main shaft was buried in the ravaged girl who would be locked in the face up
position they would settle themselves on the other two shafts until their bodies
were glued together and then turn on the diabolical device.

Karen reached for the wine glasses, filled them from the waiting bottle and
handed one across the leather encased form to the panting Jane.  She studied the
nearly empty bottle for a moment and then, with a laugh, rammed the long neck
inside Natasha.  There was only a cupful left in the bottle and she wondered
what sort of sensations it would cause as it flowed into the violated sensitive
passage of the helpless girl.




BEHIND CLOSED DOORS

Chapter 8

By

Anne Gray


The cape was a vision of flowing black leather.  The high, cowl like collar was
folded over and held snugly just touching her slightly raised chin by two large
leather buttons, one under the other, at the left side of her neck.  Just a
glimpse of the crimson lining of the collar showed around the curved edge.

More leather buttons every six inches held the front closed and a half belt at
the waist pulled the leather taunt over her chest before it flowed across her
lap and down to a foot or so above the floor.   As she sat motionless on the
straight-backed chair her hands rested in her lap clutching a small black purse. 
Her hands and wrists as they emerged through the arm slits of the cape were
covered in tight crimson leather gloves that matched the colour of the collar
lining.

Showing from under the hem of the cape her legs were close together and encased
in a pair of black leather boots.  The boots were laced up the front with an
ornamental gold buckle on the outside of each ankle. On her head was a
fashionable black leather hat with a deep, tight crown and a wide brim that
drooped slightly at the front to shade her eyes.  The underside of the brim was
crimson.

Blonde hair cut in a classic pageboy flowed from under the hat to gently brush
the top of the collar.  The crimson accents of the outfit were matched yet again
by the glistening colour of her lips.  She looked so beautiful, a designers'
dream or a fashion model, seemingly just waiting quietly for something or
someone to come along.

A closer look however, told a much different story.

The toes of the boots came to extremely narrow points with almost no soles to
support the feet.  A side view revealed heels of an amazing height that forced
the feet into incredible, and painful, arches.  The ornamental buckles were, in
fact, anchors for narrow black straps that could hardly be seen against the
leather of the boots but were keeping the ankles securely locked together.




Her wrists, clad in the tight gloves, were crossed as they rested on the purse
but they were also very securely bound with thin crimson leather thongs that
were almost invisible against the glove leather.  Unseen, other restraints
disappeared under the cloak between two buttons to hold the wrists and purse in
place.

A closer examination of her face showed that it was covered with a very
realistic latex mask.  The lips, glistening with their crimson paint, looked
quite natural at first glance but then a slight bulge underneath them became
noticeable.  The skintight mask disappeared under her hair and collar with holes
just at the nostrils and around the eyes.  Makeup had been expertly applied to
merge the mask's edges with the skin around the girl's sorrowful eyes.

A glistening tear welled at the corner of her right eye and started down a path
over her latex covered cheek.

A hand appeared with a tissue and dabbed at the tear before it reached the
leather of the cape's collar.

"Oh look Karen, she's crying again," said Jane "I do believe she is going to be
very uncomfortable for the drive home but she looks just darling doesn't she?"

Karen took a break from packing their things to come over and stroke the tight
leather crown of the hat and adjust the front brim as she leaned down and
grinned at Natasha.  "You know Jane, I think we have outdone ourselves this
time.  We brought her to the chalet as a blind leather covered ball but she will
go home able to enjoy the scenery during the three-hour drive.  That is if she
can get her mind off what's going on under this beautiful cape!"

Under the leather of the cape Natasha was cruelly restrained and every bump
during the drive would bring home the things her two tormentors had done to her
body as they got her dressed for the ride.

The start, after the usual indignity of cleaning her out, had been to hang her
from her wrists so that her toes barely cleared the floor and lace on the boned
leather torso corset.  The garment started with a stiffened neck lacer that they
left undone then allowed her breasts to bulge through two openings before it
swooped in at the waist and ended just at Natasha's hipbones.  A ball gag kept
her moans down to muffled whimpers.

With both of them tugging at the laces they eventually managed to get the back
edges of the corset to meet and that crushed the girl's waist down to an
excruciating 21".  There were sleeves that laced down each arm to just below her
elbows and were in turn, laced to the sides of the corset immobilizing her upper
arms.  They fitted the crimson gloves over each hand and up to the sleeves where
they were laced in place and then temporarily forced her wrists behind her back
and tied them together.

The hated thigh high ballet boots took the usual amount of time to lace
smoothly, and very tightly, up each leg and then they laid her on her back on
the bed with her legs spread wide to the bottom corners while they went to work
on her breasts.  Their aim was to make the ride home as uncomfortable as
possible for their plaything and they stood on either side of her working with
undisguised enjoyment.  They first tightened 1" wide leather roller buckled
straps around the base of each breast and pulled on them until they buried
themselves in the flesh and the glands immediately started to change colour. 

Two elastic rubber bands snapped time and time again over and behind each nipple
ring but they were not yet satisfied.  Jane fed a thin leather thong through the
nipple rings and pulled on it until they met over the center of her chest before
tying it off there with several more sadistic turns around the already tormented
nubs.

It wasn't really a bra it was more of a wide leather strap that they attached to
the corset on either side of Natasha's breasts and pulled on it until they were
crushed even further.  Two narrow straps now crossed her chest from shoulder to
waist and, as the women pulled on them, they sank down the middle of the
tortured leather bound mound of flesh giving the impression of a normal bust
line.

Easily handling the crying girl they bent her over the side of the bed and
forced in a huge rubber butt plug taping the thin wire leading from the base
flange to the outside of her leg.  Adjusting Natasha's position Jane checked to
make sure the catheter was closed and then filled her love tunnel with a
muscle-stretching dildo; its wire joined the one from the plug.   Jane snapped a
small soft-toothed clamp on the girl's clit just behind the permanent gold ring
they had installed a few weeks back.  Then they covered the entire crotch area
with several layers of itchy tape.

After working a pair of skintight latex panties over the tape they buckled a
crotch strap through her legs and laced on a boned leather thigh sheath that
went over the boots from her crotch to just above the knees crushing the upper
legs together in its embrace.  For show more than anything else they pulled a
tight, below the knee, leather skirt up her legs and belted it tightly around
her waist.  They buckled the ankle straps and lifted Natasha to sit on the chair
before stepping back to admire their handiwork.

After a long minute of gloating over the helpless girl they gathered together
the supplies needed to make Natasha's head as uncomfortable as the rest of her. 
Rubber plugs were pushed deep in each ear and they pulled out the ball gag. 
Natasha managed to get out about half of a desperate plea for them to stop
before Karen forced her jaws apart with a wedge and then held her head while
Jane captured her tongue and installed the hard rubber clamp behind the barbell
stud. 

The clamp had inflatable pouches top and bottom and as Jane pumped them up Karen
slowly removed the now unnecessary wedge.  Any space behind Natasha's teeth was
rapidly filled but Karen kept one hand on the top of Natasha's head and the
other around her lower jaw to make sure that her teeth stayed clamped together
against the increasing pressure.  Before she disconnected the pump Jane gave it
a couple of final squeezes and then smoothed a wide piece of tape over the lips
from just under her nose to the point of her chin.

Karen released her grip and reached for the rubber cap to pull over Natasha's
hair, tucked in some loose wisps and fastened the chinstrap under her left ear. 
That done Jane used two more turns of the tape completely around her head to
further secure the gag and seal in any drool that was sure to accumulate.

Jane stood in front of Natasha so she could see what was coming next and held
their favorite kid leather discipline helmet while Karen undid the laces to open
it.  Within minutes it was being tightly laced down the back of the girl's head
and smoothed over her features until it was skintight. 

The gag strap of thin but wide and strong leather buckled very tightly behind
her head leaving just the slightest bulge over the mouth area.  The latex flesh
coloured facemask had been obtained from an e-bay supplier and was very
realistic.  They stretched it down over her leather-covered head and it snapped
in place at the base of her neck.  The neck lacer was now fastened in place
forcing her chin up slightly so her head was erect and facing forwards with no
ability to turn.

Jane pulled over a small table with her makeup kit and began to work on
Natasha's latex covered face.  The first thing she did was to use a cotton swab
to dab some non-toxic glue around the edges of the mask nostril holes and pushed
the tiny flaps up inside her nose making sure the only airways available to her
were open.  More glue went around the edges of the eyeholes and they were
pressed in place to surround the now pain filled eyes of the brutally restrained
young lady.

Once that was done Jane carefully blended in a foundation to hide the join and
expertly applied eye shadow, liner, mascara, a touch of blush and two coats of
the chosen lipstick set with a clear gloss coat that made them glisten even
more.

While Jane had been doing that, Karen brushed out the pageboy wig and was ready
to settle it in place to frame the beautifully made up face that, except for the
eyes, was completely false.  It took some pressure to fit the hat evenly down
over the wig so that the brim framed her rigidly held head at just the right
angle.  A few moments with a comb followed by a quick puff of hair spray and
they were satisfied.

Karen pulled the girl to her feet steadying her as she tried to balance on the
impossible heels and Jane went for the beautiful cape.  She could not resist
stroking the soft leather enjoying the feel of the sensuous material as it hung
folded across her arm.

They untied the helpless girl's wrists from behind her back and draped the
garment over her shoulders before feeding her hands and wrists through the
slits; the upper arms from elbow to armpit were already immovably laced tightly
against the sides of the corset. They closed the cape, fastening the buttons and
pulling the half belt tightly around her waist.  The collar was lifted up and
then folded down to surround her neck and be buttoned closed at the left side of
her neck.

Allowing her to sit back on the chair they bound her wrists and settled the
purse under her hands before feeding the ties between two of the cape buttons
and knotting them through the buckle on the belt of the skirt.

Leaving her to sit looking beautiful in her misery they finished packing and
closing up the chalet.

When they were done and the SUV loaded they removed the ankle straps and pulled
Natasha to her feet supporting her on either side as they forced her towards the
door.  The rest of the leg restraints only allowed her to take tiny steps in the
almost impossible boots.  Once they were beside the vehicle the two women had to
lift the girl in, there was no way her leg bonds allowed her to climb in without
help.

They had unfolded the seat behind the driver and settled her in it after making
sure the cape flowing down her back was smoothed under her buttocks.  Jane
replaced the straps around her ankles but instead of then tying them back to the
seat she fed another strap through a floor ring and yanked on it so that there
was a constant downward pressure on the heels and toes of the boots.  Just
another piece in the plan to make the girl as uncomfortable as possible during
the drive.

The shoulder harness seat belt was pulled tight and put yet more pressure on
Natasha's tortured breasts.  Jane reached under the cape and plugged the two
wires from the inserts into a small box that was connected with a discreet wire
to a knob on the center console.

They closed the door and studied their victim through the tinted window.  Even
knowing what they did about her condition they could not see anything to draw
unwanted attention except that the visible part of the figure certainly gave the
impression of a fashionably dressed young lady.

The drive away from the chalet was over roads that even the suspension of the
luxury SUV could not smooth out entirely and every bump transmitted itself
through the chest belt, plugs and toes of the boots to Natasha.  Once Jane
turned on the southbound highway that would allow them to by-pass Chicago Karen
turned the knob on the console activating the vibrators buried in their
passenger.  The intruders would now be controlled by the speed of the vehicle.

As the slightest sound of a whimper emerged from the figure beside her Karen
grinned and said:  "Ok Jane the system is working just fine and if you keep on
the speed limit she'll just get the vibrations but if you go over the limit
they'll transmit a mild shock from the contacts in their tips that she'll really
feel."

As Jane drove home she could have easily stayed at the speed limit but every so
often she got impatient (yeah sure) and passed the car in front causing Natasha
no end of discomfort and she really didn't enjoy the scenery! 




BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
By

Anne Gray

Chapter 9

Jane and Karen were getting ready for their annual year-end party.  This was for
their straight friends who had no idea, as far as they knew, what went on behind
the closed doors of their home.  That included the intimate relationship they
shared as well as the live toy for their fetish games - Natasha.

This being the case the girl had to be well hidden because with fifteen to
twenty people invited you could never tell where some one might wander in the
house, particularly because, since all the guests were using a taxi or
limousine, the open bar would be a favorite spot.

The day before they had packed away the dungeon in the basement leaving nothing
but an innocuous storage room with a couple of mattresses leaning against the
wall.

It had taken two weeks for them to perfect the setup and now, with just a few
minutes to go before the caterer arrived and a couple before the party started
Jane was smoothing the bright spread on the bed in the spare room.  Karen
arranged a couple of colourful pillows against the headboard and settled a cute
little doll to sit between them.  She turned on the bedside radio to a soft
music station.

At close examination everything in the room looked completely normal but looks
can be deceiving and under the cover of the bed was a very uncomfortable
Natasha.

The mattress leaning against the wall in the basement came, along with the box
spring, from the double bed in the spare room at the end of the hall from the
front door.   What remained was the angle iron metal frame with its wooden head
and foot boards.

A couple of weeks earlier the local DIYS outlet had delivered two 6' x 4' sheets
of 1/4" Plexiglas.  Jane had purchased two large air mattresses, a couple of
large coil springs and several metal spring loaded plungers.

In the garage they set the two sheets on saw horses and, after a few minutes
measuring and marking, drilled through both at the required points.  Leaning one
sheet against the wall they installed the plungers through the holes and locked
them at their full extension before screwing them in place.  The other sheet
then sat on top of the plungers and was screwed down.

They now had an 8" sandwich of Plexiglas that would fit in the frame of the bed
like the box spring.   Using a pump they blew up the air mattresses and checked
that the height worked out for what they wanted.

On the day of the party Natasha spent most of the afternoon secured in a chair
with her head strapped back and a funnel in her mouth.  Jane figured that the
party would last at least seven hours from 8 pm to 3 am and planned to make sure
the girl was well hydrated because with a houseful of guests they would not have
any opportunity to look after her.  Once she judged she had had enough they
hauled the girl to the bathroom and went through the process of two enemas
before working her in a skintight leather cat suit.

The ballet boots were thigh high but also had metal rods down the outside of
each leg reinforced with leather straps.  A simple piece of tape over the mouth
muffled the moans and groans as they worked.  Natasha's kid gloved fingers were
folded in fists and then laced in heavy leather mitts before they forced the
girl's arms to bend at the elbow and used a couple of straps on each one to lock
the fist tightly in the armpit.

Now they worked a heavy leather sheath over each bent arm and laced them from
shoulder to elbow.  The top of each sheath had leather straps that criss-crossed
her back allowing no play what-so-ever and the point of the elbows had a large
metal D ring embedded in the reinforced leather.

The boned leather corset was quickly followed by clamps on her nipples as they
poked through openings in the cat suit and Karen held the thin wires attached to
each clamp off to the side as Jane installed the clear plastic suction cups.  In
rapid succession they forced in a large butt plug, equally large dildo and moved
the attached wires out of the way as the crotch strap from the corset was reefed
snugly between her legs.

That left Natasha's head.  Ear plugs and a heavy rubber cap were followed by
Jane peeling off the tape and pushing a pump gag between the helpless girl's
lips.  Cotton pads went on each eye and held in place with tape then Karen
fitted the leather discipline helmet over Natasha's face, settled the nostril
tubes in place and smoothed the leather as Jane laced it closed down the back. 
She finished it off with a stiff leather neck brace.

Deaf, dumb, blind, encased in extremely tight leather, they settled the bound
form face down on an air mattress on the floor inside the bed frame.  They ran
straps from the rings at each elbow to opposite corners at the top of the frame
then pulled on her legs until they could get ankle straps over the ballet boots
to the bottom corners and complete the spread eagle.

Karen lifted the girl's torso while Jane fitted the two round springs under her
breasts so that the nipples and suction cups were clear of the mattress.  The
cups were attached to a small air pump.  The plexi "sandwich" now rested on one
side lip of the bed frame while the two tormentors connected the six wires from
the clamps, suction cups, dildo and butt plug to the bottom of one of the
plungers.  They lowered the other edge until it settled on the other lip just
like a box spring.

Reaching in between the two clear sheets they pulled the locking pins from the
plungers, attached the ends of the wires to a small connector and plugged that
in the wall plate behind the bedside table.

The top plexi sheet was now weight sensitive, held up by the springs in each
plunger.  Any more weight would activate the electrical feed to the plungers and
as they slipped down the contact would increase the activity of the toys
attached to and embedded in the girl.  The second air mattress went on top, was
covered by the colorful spread and Karen put the pillows in place.

While Karen showed the caterers where everything was Jane got dressed.  Pale
pink leather tailored slacks, darker pink sweater and matching high heels
accented her good looks and then she took over while Jane showered and changed. 
She had selected a dark brown ankle length suede skirt with a crisp white satin
blouse.

Sharp at eight the door bell sounded and when Jane answered it she had to
suppress a giggle because the first guest was Natasha's mother Marsha with her
new boyfriend. 

"Do come in, how are you, do you ever hear from that daughter of yours?"

"Yes" said Marsha "she e-mails me occasionally from somewhere on the coast."

It was cold out and as Marsha's escort took her heavy winter coat Karen came up
to them and said  "Just throw your coats on the bed in the spare room".

With the large group of guests arriving it was the start of long night for
Natasha - and she didn't enjoy the party!



BEHIND CLOSED DOORS  
By  
Anne Gray  
Chapter 10 &ndash; "Snap" or "The Rubber Overload!"  
SNAP!  
Mmmfffph!  
SNAP!  
Mmmfffph!  
Jane selected another heavy rubber band from the pile and used two fingers
  on each hand to stretch it out. Sliding her thumbs between the two strands
  she pushed down to make the opening larger and then worked it over the already
  bulging flesh of Natasha's right tit.  
SNAP!  
Mmmfffph!  
After the tenth one settled on top of the others around the base she stepped
  back and waited. Karen, who had been holding the girl's right arm below shoulder
  height to stop the breast from being partially flattened while Jane snapped
  the elastic bands around it, changed her grip. With one hand she held Natasha's
  wrist while the other spread the girl's fingers apart.  
One at a time Jane fitted more rubber bands at the base of each finger and
  another just behind the first knuckles then Karen hauled on the rope pulling
  the arm back up to the spread-eagled position. Jane released the tension on
  Natasha's left arm and held it as Karen moved in front and started the process
  over again on the left tit.  
SNAP!  
Mmmfffph!  
SNAP!  
Mmmfffph!  
They were in the basement of their home that had been Natasha's dungeon for
  over a year and were dressed in full Domme outfits including facemasks. The
  masks were necessary because each step of this newest project was being video
  taped.  
The girl was naked, if you didn't count the wide strap holding the ball gag
  in place, the Zorro mask and cords around each wrist and ankle. Over the next
  little while she was going to get acquainted with rubber and latex in all the
  painful ways that her two tormentors could conceive. The bulging breasts that
  were rapidly changing colour were just the first step in the process.  
When Karen had added her quota to the left tit and the fingers on the left
  hand, they stretched Natasha back between the floor to ceiling posts. The build
  up of tight rubber bands stopped any flattening of the two mounds of flesh
  bulging from her chest.  
The two tormentors then each took a handful of bands and, twisting each one
  two or three times, rolled them down to the bases of the hanging girl's toes.  
That done Jane picked up a small tool that looked like a pair of needle-nosed
  pliers but in fact worked in the other direction. She slipped a very small
  rubber band over the closed points then squeezed the handle causing the tips
  to move apart stretching the tiny band open.  
SNAP!  
Mmmfffph!  
Karen had worked Natasha's right nipple through the opening and, when it
  was in position, Jane rolled the band off the end of the pliers. It clamped
  around the base of the nipple. The next one landed just in front of the first
  and the two soon had each nipple encased with a half a dozen bands until they
  jutted out a good &frac12;" from the engorged breasts.  
With a wicked grin Jane held the pliers in front of Natasha's tear filled
  eyes and slowly fitted another tiny band over the tip then slowly slid the
  points down the girl's chest and past her navel stopping just above the clean
  shaven mound. She continued to watch Natasha's eyes as Karen used her fingers
  to manipulate the victim's most intimate area until out from under its hood
  came her oh so sensitive clitoris.  
SNAP!  
Mmmfffph!  
SNAP!  
Mmmfffph!  
Prior to the start of their latest exercise in torment ex-nurse Jane, after
  administering the regular morning enema, had installed a catheter in their
  unwilling houseguest. Now she held a small container under the tube and released
  the clamp on the tube for long enough to allow Natasha's bladder to empty as
  her body adjusted to what they had done to it.  
The thick butt plug was 6" of stiffened rubber and between them they worked
  if fully up inside their subject then Karen started squeezing the bulb of the
  pump. At 2" intervals the plug had softer rubber collars that now began to
  expand outwards locking it immovably in place.  
The rubber dildo was longer and thicker but worked on the same principle
  except that, instead of collars, it was studded with small rubber nubs that
  the air pumped in forced out from its surface and into the sensitive flesh
  of Natasha's love tunnel.  
Releasing her ankles, so she hung by her wrists, they worked a tight pair
  of latex panties up her legs until they snapped snuggly in place from waist
  to halfway down the thighs. After dumping in some talc they pulled a tight
  latex sockette over each foot and ankle covering the banded toes.  
As they lowered Natasha and carried her over to the worktable the two Dommes
  easily overcame her struggles as she still showed a weak spark of defiance.
  They strapped her down at the waist, thigh and elbows leaving her hands available
  to receive a pair of very tight latex gloves. It took sometime to work each
  finger, the thumbs and the bands constricting them in place but when it was
  done they snapped several larger rubber bands around each wrist to lock on
  the gloves.  
The full body latex cat suit Jane and Karen started installing on Natasha
  was deliberately a size or two too small for her and they knew they had their
  work cut out to get their victim in it. Starting with her feet they smoothed
  any air bubbles from the black rubber until, finally, they had her arms down
  the sleeves and already gloved hands in the attached gloves.  
At this point they easily flipped Natasha over on her stomach and pulled
  the heavy duty zipper all the way up her back to the neck; it fit like a second
  skin. A very, very tight second skin.  
The stiffly boned heavy rubber corset extended from Natasha's shoulders to
  the top curve of her hips and, standing on either side of the table, Karen
  and Jane were able to get a great deal of pressure on the laces to pull the
  edges of the torturous garment together. The built in hard rubber cups of the
  corset were forced down over Natasha's latex covered breasts so that her chest
  took an almost normal shape concealing their distortion from the constricting
  bands.  
Continuing to work as a team the two heartless women each bent one of Natasha's
  arms up between her shoulder blades and used strong roller buckled straps from
  the sides of the corset to lock them in the strained reverse prayer position.
  A wide strap across each shoulder flattened the rubber covered hands against
  the top of her back, crossed between her breasts and buckled back to the corset.  
Two more straps were attached to the back of the corset, fed through the
  helpless girl's crotch up to the front buckles and pulled through to the last
  notch. This put even more pressure on the oversized inserts.  
A beautiful pair of shiny white rubber ballet boots took them nearly half
  an hour to lace, over Natasha's already latex encased legs, all the way up
  to the top of her thighs. Wide straps just above and below the knees welded
  the booted legs together and a white one, with a smart gold buckle in front,
  was tightened around the ankles.  
Now they moved to Natasha's head and started by pushing in soft rubber earplugs
  then stretching a tight rubber swim cap over her head and pulling the chin
  strap tight before fastening under her left ear. The goggles were custom made
  with fairly small oval lenses set in frames that were deeper and wider than
  usual. The lower rubber flange of the goggles extended down across Natasha's
  cheeks and half way down her nose while the top one almost covered her forehead.
  Several straps held the unit in place.  
The tops of the oval frames had been painted with gold rubber paint and had
  several holes drilled in them. Two hard rubber tubes extended a short way from
  the center of the frames down each side of Natasha's nose.  
After pulling out the ball gag they gave the poor girl a chance to swallow
  some water before installing a rubber clamp across her tongue and packing it
  back in her mouth. Karen used her thumbs under Natasha's chin to try and force
  her mouth closed over the gag then Jane immediately ran two or three turns
  of tape over the lips and around the head.  
The next item was a black latex helmet that snapped in place leaving just
  her goggles and nose visible. Before pulling it down over her neck they fitted
  a hard rubber throat shield that it held in place to ensure Natasha's airway
  would not be constricted more than they intended.  
Very carefully, Jane slid the hard rubber mold up over Natasha's jaw until
  the tubes inside the nose cover locked with her nostril inserts and then one
  more push got the tubes from the goggle frames to snap in place. The top of
  the mold then fitted tightly against the bottom edges of the eye frames.  
The white latex helmet laced down the back of the girl's head leaving nothing
  showing except the gold frames and glass lenses of the goggles. The rest of
  the face was smooth white shiny latex.  
They waited a few minutes to make sure that Natasha was getting enough air.
  Over the last number of months, being gagged more often than not, she had developed
  a strong set of lungs and was used to breathing through her nose.  
That is what she was doing now except she had to pull the air a couple of
  inches further through the holes in the eye frames, down the side of her nose
  and then in to her lungs. She seemed to be handling it sufficiently so Karen
  and Jane continued with their plan.  
Karen reached inside the full length white rubber tube dress so she could
  guide Natasha's legs into the hobble skirt without the toes and heels catching
  and maybe damaging it. They worked it all the way up until they could close
  the back zipper. That done a wide white rubber belt with an oversized gold
  buckle went around the waist and another around the neck.  
Despite the amount of layers on Natasha, they were so excruciatingly tight
  that the vision of shiny white rubber was very obviously female with all the
  curves in all the right places.  
Standing the helpless rubber manikin on a small rotating platform they held
  it upright by locking the back of the waist belt to an upright post at the
  back edge.  
Standing on either side they allowed the camera to see the finished product &ndash; two
  Dommes and one white rubber covered female form with gold highlights at the
  eyes, throat, waist and ankles. A full length black rubber cape and hood then
  hid their handiwork.  
The computer expert was Karen and she checked to make sure she had every
  thing needed from the video of the last few hours to enter and win the contest
  on rubberbound.com  
They had joined the site several weeks ago but when a contest was announced
  for the most extreme use of rubber/latex bondage the two decided to accept
  the challenge; much to Natasha's discomfort.  
When Karen finished editing the video it showed the process they had followed
  in reverse, black cape, white dress etc. Patrick and Miyou, the judges, had
  several potential winners to consider but the nose cover breathing set up through
  the frame of the goggles was a real plus and when they got down to the rubber
  bands on Natasha's tits, clit, fingers and toes it was no contest.  
"So" said Karen, "we won".  
"What did we win?"  
"I don't know but we did have fun didn't we Pet?" That was Karen's reply
  as she stroked the tight white latex stretched over the head of the tightly
  bound form crouched beside her chair.  
*****************************************  
Author's Note: First, this is a work of fiction and rubber bands used as
  described in this story would cause serious circulation problems so please
  don't think about emulating the scenario. Secondly, the contest on rubberbound.com
  is a figment of my imagination. However, I can recommend the site and I'm sure
  Patrick and Miyou would love you to visit them; tell them Anne sent you! Natasha
  will not be there &ndash; she is playing with Karen and Jane!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anne Gray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





